author	In the Night Room is a 2004 horror-thriller novel by American author Peter Straub and a sequel to his 2003 book Lost Boy, Lost Girl.	In the Night Room	Peter Straub
author	The Elephant Calf (Das Elefantenkalb), also known as The Baby Elephant, is an early one-act surrealistic prose farce written by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht.	The Elephant Calf	Bertolt Brecht
author	The Wedding of Zein (Arabic: عرس الزين) is a contemporary Arabic novel written in 1969 by late Sudanese author Tayeb Salih.	The Wedding of Zein	Tayeb Salih
author	Marked by Fire (1982) is a novel by Joyce Carol Thomas.	Marked by Fire	Joyce Carol Thomas
author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö, during the 1960s and 1970s, conceived and wrote a series of ten novels (police procedurals) about the exploits of detectives from the special homicide commission of the Swedish national police in which the character of Martin Beck was the protagonist.	Martin Beck	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
author	The Universe Versus Alex Woods (2013) is the debut novel by Gavin Extence.	The Universe Versus Alex Woods	Gavin Extence
author	The Road of Winds (a.k.a. Gobi Notes) is a non-fiction book by Ivan Yefremov about his three years' travel in Mongolia (1946--1949) when he was the head of the Joint Soviet-Mongolian Paleontology Expedition.	Road of Winds	Ivan Yefremov
author	Published in 1921, Memoirs of a Midget is a surrealistic novel, told in the first person, by English poet, anthologist, and short story writer Walter de la Mare, best known for his tales of the uncanny and poetry for children.	Memoirs of a Midget	Walter de la Mare
author	Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc, by the Sieur Louis de Conte is an 1896 novel by Mark Twain that recounts the life of Joan of Arc.	Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc	Mark Twain
author	The Penguin Dictionary of Curious and Interesting Numbers is a reference book for recreational mathematics and elementary number theory written by David Wells.	The Penguin Dictionary of Curious and Interesting Numbers	David Wells
author	Wings of Wrath (ISBN 0756405351) is a fantasy novel by Celia S. Friedman.	Wings of Wrath	Celia S. Friedman
author	That Eye, the Sky is a 1986 novel by award-winning Australian author Tim Winton.	That Eye, the Sky	Tim Winton
author	Teacher Man is a 2005 memoir written by Frank McCourt which describes and reflects on his teaching experiences in New York high schools and colleges.	Teacher Man	Frank McCourt
author	Sartoris is a novel, first published in 1929, by the American author William Faulkner.	Sartoris	William Faulkner
author	The Wardstone Chronicles, published as The Last Apprentice series in the USA, is a dark fantasy series of books written by British author Joseph Delaney and published in the UK by The Bodley Head division of Random House Publishing.	The Wardstone Chronicles	Joseph Delaney
author	Twilight's Child was written in 1992 by V. C. Andrews.	Twilight's Child	V. C. Andrews
author	The Crystal World is a novel by English author J. G. Ballard, published in 1966.	The Crystal World	J. G. Ballard
author	The Trumpet-Major is a novel by Thomas Hardy published in 1880, and his only historical novel.	The Trumpet-Major	Thomas Hardy
author	Servant of the Bones (1996) is a historical horror novel by Anne Rice.	Servant of the Bones	Anne Rice
author	The Emergence of Modern Turkey is a 1961 book written by historian Bernard Lewis, an expert in the history of Middle East and Islam.	The Emergence of Modern Turkey	Bernard Lewis
author	Born Blue is a 2001 young adult novel by award winning author Han Nolan.	Born Blue	Han Nolan
author	Venus in Furs (German: Venus im Pelz) is a novella by the Austrian author Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, and the best known of his works.	Venus in Furs	Leopold von Sacher-Masoch
author	The Chemical History of a Candle was the title of a series of six lectures on the chemistry and physics of flames given by Michael Faraday at the Royal Institution.	The Chemical History of a Candle	Michael Faraday
author	The Invention of Hugo Cabret is an American historical fiction book written and illustrated by Brian Selznick and published by Scholastic.	The Invention of Hugo Cabret	Brian Selznick
author	Alex Cross, Run is the 20th novel in the Alex Cross series written by American author James Patterson.	Alex Cross, Run	James Patterson
author	Half a Wing, Three Engines and a Prayer, is a book about B-17 crews and missions in World War II, written by Brian D. O'Neill.	Half a Wing, Three Engines and a Prayer	Brian D. O'Neill
author	London Blues is a novel by Anthony Frewin first published in 1997 about Soho in the late 1950s and early 1960s and in particular about the early days of pornographic movie production in Britain.	London Blues	Anthony Frewin
author	Cosmonaut Keep (2000; US paperback ISBN 0-7653-4073-9), a science fiction novel by Ken MacLeod.	Cosmonaut Keep	Ken MacLeod
author	The Trial (original German title: Der Process, later Der Prozess, Der Proceß and Der Prozeß) is a novel written by Franz Kafka from 1914 to 1915 and published in 1925.	The Trial	Franz Kafka
author	Son of Rosemary is a 1997 horror novel by Ira Levin, and is the sequel to Rosemary's Baby.	Son of Rosemary	Ira Levin
author	``Frogs and Scientists'' is a short short story by science fiction author Frank Herbert.	Frogs and Scientists	Frank Herbert
author	Trangviksposten is a satirical newspaper parody created by Jacob Hilditch.	Trangviksposten	Jacob Hilditch
author	101 Philosophy Problems (1999) is a philosophy book for a general audiences by Martin Cohen published by Routledge.	101 Philosophy Problems	Martin Cohen
author	Yakari is a Franco-Belgian comic book series, aimed at a younger audience, written by Job and illustrated by Derib, both from Switzerland.	Yakari	Job
author	The Castle of Crossed Destinies (Italian: Il castello dei destini incrociati) is a 1973 novel by the Italian writer Italo Calvino.	The Castle of Crossed Destinies	Italo Calvino
author	Alchemical Studies is Volume 13 in The Collected Works of C. G. Jung, a series of books published by Princeton University Press in the U.S. and Routledge & Kegan Paul in the U.K. It consists of five long essays that trace Carl Jung's developing interest in alchemy from 1929 onward.	Alchemical Studies	Carl Jung
author	``Not Meant to Be'' is the fifth overall single (first American mainstream single, third Canadian mainstream single and fourth American & Canadian single) by Theory of a Deadman from the album Scars & Souvenirs.	Not Meant to Be	Theory of a Deadman
author	The Journey of Ibn Fattouma is an intermittently provocable fable written and published by Nobel Prize-winning author Naguib Mahfouz in 1983.	The Journey of Ibn Fattouma	Naguib Mahfouz
author	Duties Beyond Borders (full title: Duties Beyond Borders: On the Limits and Possibilities of Ethical International Politics) is a book by Stanley Hoffmann published in 1981 which focuses on the application of ethical principles to international relations.	Duties Beyond Borders	Stanley Hoffmann
author	Nine Tomorrows is a collection of nine short stories and two pieces of comic verse by Isaac Asimov.	Nine Tomorrows	Isaac Asimov
author	The Christmas Train is a fiction novel written by David Baldacci.	The Christmas Train	David Baldacci
author	Lady Connie is a novel by Mary Augusta Ward, first published in 1916.	Lady Connie	Mary Augusta Ward
author	In Golden Blood is the third science-fiction alternate history novel by Stephen Woodworth featuring the ``Violet'' detective Natalie Lindstrom.	In Golden Blood	Stephen Woodworth
author	A Spot of Bother is the second adult novel by Mark Haddon, who is best known for his prize-winning first novel The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time.	A Spot of Bother	Mark Haddon
author	The ``Vexilla Regis'' is a Latin hymn in long metre by the Christian poet Venantius Fortunatus, Bishop of Poitiers.	Vexilla Regis	Venantius Fortunatus
author	The Titan's Curse is a 2007 fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology written by Rick Riordan.	The Titan's Curse	Rick Riordan
author	El Orinoco ilustrado y defendido (The Orinoco illustrated and defended), is a book written by the Jesuit missionary Joseph Gumilla.	El Orinoco ilustrado y defendido	Joseph Gumilla
author	A Dragon at Worlds' End (1997) is a fantasy novel written by Christopher Rowley.	A Dragon at Worlds' End	Christopher Rowley
author	Ghost/Hellboy is a DC Comics/Dark Horse Comics two-issue crossover comic book mini-series written by Mike Mignola with art by Scott Benefiel published May to June 1996 featuring fictional heroes Ghost and Hellboy.	Ghost/Hellboy	Mike Mignola
author	2666 is the last novel by Roberto Bolaño.	2666	Roberto Bolaño
author	Test of the Twins is a fantasy novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman.	Test of the Twins	Margaret Weis	Tracy Hickman
author	Jeffrey Bernard is Unwell is a play by Keith Waterhouse about real-life journalist Jeffrey Bernard.	Jeffrey Bernard is Unwell	Keith Waterhouse
author	The Genius of Christianity (French: Génie du christianisme) is a work by the French author François-René de Chateaubriand, written during his exile in England in the 1790s as a defense of the Catholic faith, then under attack during the French Revolution.	The Genius of Christianity	François-René de Chateaubriand
author	New Arabian Nights by Robert Louis Stevenson, first published in 1882, is a collection of short stories previously published in magazines between 1877 and 1880.	New Arabian Nights	Robert Louis Stevenson
author	The Affirmation is a 1981 science fiction novel by Christopher Priest.	The Affirmation	Christopher Priest
author	The Final Four of Everything is a 2007 book written by Mark Reiter and Richard Sandomir on the subject of bracketology.	The Final Four of Everything	Richard Sandomir
author	Gerald's Game is a 1992 suspense novel by Stephen King.	Gerald's Game	Stephen King
author	The Man Whose Teeth Were All Exactly Alike is a realist, non-science fiction novel authored by Philip K. Dick.	The Man Whose Teeth Were All Exactly Alike	Philip K. Dick
author	``The Married Couple'' (``Das Ehepaar'') is a 1922 short story by Franz Kafka.	The Married Couple	Franz Kafka
author	In the First Circle (Russian: В круге первом, V kruge pervom; also published as The First Circle) is a novel by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn released in 1968.	In the First Circle	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
author	Anarchism and Other Essays is a book by anarchist Emma Goldman, first published in 1910 by Mother Earth Publishing Association.	Anarchism and Other Essays	Emma Goldman
author	Outerbridge Reach is a 1992 novel by American novelist Robert Stone.	Outerbridge Reach	Robert Stone
author	Fortune and Glory is an Eisner Award--nominated 3-issue American comic book limited series by Brian Michael Bendis, telling the story of his attempts to break into Hollywood by writing screenplays for his noir comics.	Fortune and Glory	Brian Michael Bendis
author	The Unquiet Earth is Denise Giardina's third novel.	The Unquiet Earth	Denise Giardina
author	Family Happiness (Russian: Семейное счастье (Semeynoye Schast'ye)) is an 1859 novella written by Leo Tolstoy, first published in The Russian Messenger.	Family Happiness	Leo Tolstoy
author	Shakespeare's Villains is a one-man play, created and performed by Steven Berkoff.	Shakespeare's Villains	Steven Berkoff
author	The Irregular at Magic High School, known in Japanese as Mahōka Kōkō no Rettōsei (魔法科高校の劣等生, lit. ``The Poor Performing Student of a Magic High School''), is a Japanese web novel series by Tsutomu Satō.	The Irregular at Magic High School	Tsutomu Satō
author	Buried Thunder is a young adult novel written by British author Tim Bowler.	Buried Thunder	Tim Bowler
author	Der Fall Deruga (The Deruga Case) is a novel by Ricarda Huch first published in German in 1917 about a physician charged with killing his ex-wife.	The Deruga Case	Ricarda Huch
author	Anne Frank and Me is a 2001 novel by husband-wife writing team Cherie Bennett and Jeff Gottesfeld.	Anne Frank and Me	Cherie Bennett	Jeff Gottesfeld
author	The Book of Abramelin tells the story of an Egyptian mage named Abramelin, or Abra-Melin, who taught a system of magic to Abraham of Worms, a Jew in Worms, Germany, presumed to have lived from c.1362--c.1458.	The Book of Abramelin	Abraham of Worms
author	The Secret Texts, is a fantasy book series by Holly Lisle.	The Secret Texts	Holly Lisle
author	The Stone of Laughter (Arabic: حجر الضحك) is a Lebanese novel, written in 1990 by author Hoda Barakat set during the Lebanese Civil War.	The Stone of Laughter	Hoda Barakat
author	What Was Lost is the 2007 début novel by Catherine O'Flynn.	What Was Lost	Catherine O'Flynn
author	The Story of B is a 1996 novel written by Daniel Quinn and published by Bantam Publishing.	The Story of B	Daniel Quinn
author	Freddy and Simon the Dictator (1956) is the 24th book in the generally humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese.	Freddy and Simon the Dictator	Walter R. Brooks
author	Niourk (published 1957) is a science fiction novel by the French writer Stefan Wul.	Niourk	Stefan Wul
author	Courtship Rite is a science fiction novel by American writer Donald Kingsbury, originally serialized in Analog magazine in 1982.	Courtship Rite	Donald Kingsbury
author	Pictures from an Institution is a 1954 novel by American poet Randall Jarrell.	Pictures from an Institution	Randall Jarrell
author	If You Liked School You'll Love Work is a collection of short stories from novelist Irvine Welsh.	If You Liked School You'll Love Work	Irvine Welsh
author	Choper, Coffee, Gilson refers to the casebook entitled Cases and Materials on Corporations, edited by Jesse H. Choper, John C. Coffee, Jr., and Ronald J. Gilson.	Choper, Coffee, Gilson	John C. Coffee
author	The De Inventione is a handbook for orators that Marcus Tullius Cicero composed when he was still a young man.	De Inventione	Cicero
author	Ingenious Pain is the first novel by English author, Andrew Miller, published in 1997.	Ingenious Pain	Andrew Miller
author	Rameau's Nephew, or the Second Satire (or The Nephew of Rameau, French: Le Neveu de Rameau ou La Satire seconde) is an imaginary philosophical conversation by Denis Diderot, written predominantly in 1761-2 and revised in 1773-4.	Rameau's Nephew	Denis Diderot
author	Tempest-Tost, published in 1951 by Clarke Irwin, is the first novel in The Salterton Trilogy by Canadian novelist Robertson Davies.	Tempest-Tost	Robertson Davies
author	The Begum's Fortune (French: Les Cinq cents millions de la Bégum), also published as The Begum's Millions, is an 1879 novel by Jules Verne, with some elements which could be described as utopian and others which seem clearly dystopian.	The Begum's Fortune	Jules Verne
author	A Place Called Freedom is a work of historical fiction by Ken Follett.	A Place Called Freedom	Ken Follett
author	Some Luck is a 2014 novel by Jane Smiley.	Some Luck	Jane Smiley
author	Tunes for Bears to Dance To is a young adult novel written by American author Robert Cormier that discusses themes of morality from the perspective of an 11-year-old named Henry.	Tunes for Bears to Dance To	Robert Cormier
author	Blood of Amber is the Locus Award nominated second book in the second Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny, and the seventh book overall.	Blood of Amber	Roger Zelazny
author	Celebration of Life is a one-hour English play written and directed by Sachin Gupta.	Celebration of Life	Sachin Gupta
author	Claudine at School (French: Claudine à l'école) is a 1900 novel by the French writer Colette.	Claudine at School	Colette
author	Report to the Principal's Office is a 1991 young adult novel by the American author, Jerry Spinelli.	Report to the Principal's Office	Jerry Spinelli
author	``You Needed Me'' is a song written by Randy Goodrum, who describes it as being about ``unconditional undeserved love.''	You Needed Me	Randy Goodrum
author	The Girl in the Tangerine Scarf is a novel written by American author Mohja Kahf and published in 2006.	The Girl in the Tangerine Scarf	Mohja Kahf
author	Beyond the Barrier (original title: ``The Tree of Time'') is a science fiction novel by Damon Knight.	Beyond the Barrier	Damon Knight
author	Blake and Mortimer is a Belgian comics series created by the Belgian writer and comics artist Edgar P. Jacobs.	Blake and Mortimer	Edgar P. Jacobs
author	God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater, or Pearls Before Swine, is a novel written by Kurt Vonnegut, published in 1965.	God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater	Kurt Vonnegut
author	The Story of a Modern Woman is a novel written by English author Ella Hepworth Dixon.	The Story of a Modern Woman	Ella Hepworth Dixon
author	Duma Key is a novel by American novelist Stephen King published on January 22, 2008 by Scribner.	Duma Key	Stephen King
author	The Invention of Everything Else is a novel written by American author Samantha Hunt, published in 2008.	The Invention of Everything Else	Samantha Hunt
author	Tuf Voyaging is a 1986 science fiction fix-up novel by George R. R. Martin, first published in hardcover by Baen Books.	Tuf Voyaging	George R. R. Martin
author	The Great Indian Novel is a satirical novel by Shashi Tharoor.	The Great Indian Novel	Shashi Tharoor
author	The Sun, My Father (Northern Sami: Beaivi, áhčážan) is a 1991 poetry collection by Finnish Sami author Nils-Aslak Valkeapää.	The Sun, My Father	Nils-Aslak Valkeapää
author	Henry IV, Part 1 is a history play by William Shakespeare, believed to have been written no later than 1597.	Henry IV, Part 1	William Shakespeare
author	Etidorhpa, or, the end of the earth: the strange history of a mysterious being and the account of a remarkable journey is the title of a scientific allegory or science fiction novel by John Uri Lloyd, a pharmacognocist and pharmaceutical manufacturer of Cincinnati, Ohio.	Etidorhpa	John Uri Lloyd
author	Christie Malry's Own Double-Entry (1973) is the penultimate novel by the late British avant-garde novelist B. S. Johnson.	Christie Malry's Own Double-Entry	B. S. Johnson
author	The Swiss Family Robinson (German: Der Schweizerische Robinson) is a novel by Johann David Wyss, first published in 1812, about a Swiss family shipwrecked in the East Indies en route to Port Jackson, Australia.	The Swiss Family Robinson	Johann David Wyss
author	Around the Moon (French: Autour de la Lune, 1870), Jules Verne's sequel to From the Earth to the Moon, is a science fiction novel which continues the trip to the moon which was only partially described in the previous novel.	Around the Moon	Jules Verne
author	My Driver is a novel by English author Maggie Gee, and is the sequel to My Cleaner.	My Driver	Maggie Gee
author	Introduction to Kant's Anthropology (French: Introduction à l'Anthropologie) is an introductory essay to Michel Foucault's translation of Immanuel Kant's 1798 book Anthropology from a Pragmatic Point of View -- a textbook deriving from lectures he delivered annually between 1772/73 and 1795/96.	Introduction to Kant's Anthropology	Michel Foucault
author	The Roving Shadows (French: Les Ombres errantes) is a 2002 fiction book by the French writer Pascal Quignard.	The Roving Shadows	Pascal Quignard
author	The Blood Crows, published in 2013 is the twelfth volume of the Eagle Series by Simon Scarrow.	The Blood Crows	Simon Scarrow
author	The Great Mathematical Problems is a 2013 book by Ian Stewart.	The Great Mathematical Problems	Ian Stewart
author	``The System of Doctor Tarr and Professor Fether'' is a dark comedy short story by the American author Edgar Allan Poe.	The System of Doctor Tarr and Professor Fether	Edgar Allan Poe
author	The Sacred Art of Stealing is a satirical crime novel by the Scottish writer Christopher Brookmyre.	The Sacred Art of Stealing	Christopher Brookmyre
author	One of Those Hideous Books Where the Mother Dies (2004) is a novel in verse by Sonya Sones.	One of Those Hideous Books Where the Mother Dies	Sonya Sones
author	Sleeping Freshmen Never Lie is a 2005 young adult novel by David Lubar.	Sleeping Freshmen Never Lie	David Lubar
author	This Night's Foul Work is a crime-novel by French author Fred Vargas, an entry in her Commissaire Adamsberg series.	This Night's Foul Work	Fred Vargas
author	The Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix was a four-issue comic book mini-series written by Scott Lobdell, drawn by Gene Ha, and published by American company Marvel Comics in 1994.	The Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix	Scott Lobdell
author	Jip, His Story is a 1996 children's book written by U.S. novelist Katherine Paterson.	Jip, His Story	Katherine Paterson
author	The Gas Heart or The Gas-Operated Heart (French: Le Cœur à gaz) is a French-language play by Romanian-born author Tristan Tzara.	The Gas Heart	Tristan Tzara
author	The Dying Hours is a 2013 book by British author, Mark Billingham.	The Dying Hours	Mark Billingham
author	Thomas Carnacki is a fictional occult detective created by English fantasy writer William Hope Hodgson.	Carnacki	William Hope Hodgson
author	Under the Eagle is the first book in the Eagle Series, by Simon Scarrow and is his debut novel, introducing the characters of Quintus Licinius Cato and Lucius Cornelius Macro.	Under the Eagle	Simon Scarrow
author	The Observers is a 1988 science fiction novel by Damon Knight.	The Observers	Damon Knight
author	The Romantic Dogs (Los perros románticos in Spanish) is a collection of poems by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño.	The Romantic Dogs	Roberto Bolaño
author	The Ultimate Alphabet (ISBN 1-85145-050-5) is a best-selling book by Mike Wilks.	The Ultimate Alphabet	Mike Wilks
author	Good Natured is a book by primatologist Frans de Waal on animal behavior and the evolution of ethics.	Good Natured	Frans de Waal
author	Welcome to Temptation is a contemporary romance written by Jennifer Crusie and released in 2000.	Welcome to Temptation	Jennifer Crusie
author	It's a Matter of Survival is a 1991 book by Anita Gordon and David Suzuki.	It's a Matter of Survival	David Suzuki
author	Monkeewrench (released later in the United Kingdom as Want to Play?), is the first novel by author team P. J. Tracy.	Monkeewrench	P. J. Tracy
author	A Luneta Mágica (English: The Magical Glasses) is a 1869 novel written by Brazilian Romantic writer Joaquim Manuel de Macedo.	A Luneta Mágica	Joaquim Manuel de Macedo
author	``The Vale of Lost Women'' is one of the original short stories about Conan the Cimmerian, written by American author Robert E. Howard, but not published during his lifetime.	The Vale of Lost Women	Robert E. Howard
author	Animal Farm is an allegorical and dystopian novella by George Orwell, first published in England on 17 August 1945.	Animal Farm	George Orwell
author	The Unfinished Memoirs (Bengali: অসমাপ্ত আত্মজীবনী) is the autobiography by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman.	The Unfinished Memoirs	Sheikh Mujibur Rahman
author	Steal Like an Artist: 10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative is a book on coming up with creative ideas, by Austin Kleon, published in 2012 from Workman Publishing.	Steal Like an Artist	Austin Kleon
author	Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science (German: Metaphysische Anfangsgründe der Naturwissenschaft) is a 1786 book by Immanuel Kant.	Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science	Immanuel Kant
author	Belchamber is a 1904 novel by Howard Sturgis.	Belchamber	Howard Sturgis
author	Tales of Common Insanity (Czech: Příběhy obyčejného šílenství) (2001) is a play by Petr Zelenka which won the Alfréd Radok Award for Best Play.	Tales of Common Insanity	Petr Zelenka
author	Busting Vegas (stylized as Busting Vega$) is a 2005 book by Ben Mezrich about a group of MIT card counters and blackjack players commonly known as the MIT Blackjack Team.	Busting Vegas	Ben Mezrich
author	Ring Round the Moon is a 1950 adaptation by the English dramatist Christopher Fry of Jean Anouilh's Invitation to the Castle (1947).	Ring Round the Moon	Christopher Fry
author	Hygiene and the Assassin (French: Hygiène de l'assassin) is the first novel of the Belgian novelist Amélie Nothomb.	Hygiene and the Assassin	Amélie Nothomb
author	The Fires of Spring (1949) is the second novel published by American author James A. Michener.	The Fires of Spring	James A. Michener
author	The Rolling Years is the first novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888--1982) and it is set in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, just east of Pittsburgh.	The Rolling Years	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
author	Mastering the Art of French Cooking is a two-volume French cookbook written by Simone Beck and Louisette Bertholle, both of France, and Julia Child of the United States.	Mastering the Art of French Cooking	Simone Beck	Louisette Bertholle	Julia Child
author	Labyrinths (1962) is a collection of short stories and essays by Jorge Luis Borges translated into the English-language.	Labyrinths	Jorge Luis Borges
author	The Patron Saint of Butterflies is a young-adult novel by author Cecilia Galante.	The Patron Saint of Butterflies	Cecilia Galante
author	Blue/Orange is a play written by English dramatist, Joe Penhall.	Blue/Orange	Joe Penhall
author	Canne al vento ((ˈkanne al ˈvɛnto); Italian for ``Reeds in the wind'') is a novel by the Italian author and Nobel Prize winner Grazia Deledda.	Canne al vento	Grazia Deledda
author	Emily's Quest is a novel and the last of the Emily trilogy by Lucy Maud Montgomery.	Emily's Quest	Lucy Maud Montgomery
author	An Universal Biographical and Historical Dictionary (London, 1800) was a landmark book written and published by British author John Watkins.	An Universal Biographical and Historical Dictionary	John Watkins
author	Edge of Eternity is a historical and family saga novel by Welsh-born author Ken Follett, published in 2014.	Edge of Eternity	Ken Follett
author	Midnight and Jeremiah (OCLC 9091853) is a 1943 children's book by Sterling North, which was the basis for the 1948 Disney film So Dear to My Heart.	Midnight and Jeremiah	Sterling North
author	Ceremonies in Dark Old Men is a play by Lonne Elder III that premiered Off Broadway at St. Mark's Playhouse in a production by the Negro Ensemble Company in 1969.	Ceremonies in Dark Old Men	Lonne Elder III
author	Latin! or Tobacco and Boys is a play by Stephen Fry, written in 1979.	Latin! or Tobacco and Boys	Stephen Fry
author	Hecyra (English: The Mother-in-Law) is a comedic Latin play by the early Roman playwright Terence.	Hecyra	Terence
author	The House of Dies Drear by Virginia Hamilton is a children's mystery novel, with sinister goings-on in a reputedly haunted house.	The House of Dies Drear	Virginia Hamilton
author	A Truce, and Other Stories is a collection of six short stories by Mary Tappan Wright.	A Truce, and Other Stories	Mary Tappan Wright
author	``The Black Stranger'' is one of the stories by Robert E. Howard about Conan the Cimmerian, it was produced in the 1930s but not published in his lifetime.	The Black Stranger	Robert E. Howard
author	Abaddón el exterminador is the last novel by Argentine author Ernesto Sabato.	Abaddón el exterminador	Ernesto Sabato
author	Dream Jungle is a novel by Jessica Hagedorn, a Filipino American author.	Dream Jungle	Jessica Hagedorn
author	Lucky Luke contre Phil Defer is a Lucky Luke adventure in French, written and illustrated by Morris it was the eighth title in the original series and was published by Dupuis in 1956.	Lucky Luke contre Phil Defer	Morris
award received	Rear Admiral Charles Davis Lucas VC (19 February 1834 -- 7 August 1914) was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross.	Charles Davis Lucas	Victoria Cross
award received	Vasif Durarbayli (Azerbaijani: Vasif Durarbəyli; born February 24, 1992) is an Azerbaijani Grandmaster who was born on February 24, 1992 and won that title at the World Youth Chess Championship for boys under 18.	Vasif Durarbayli	Grandmaster
award received	Niranjan Bhagat, (Gujarati: નિરંજન ભગત Hindi: निरंजन भगत); born May 18, 1926 in Ahmedabad), full name Niranjan Narhari Bhagat, is a Gujarati poet and commentator who won the 1999 Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati language for his critic Gujarati Sahiyta-Purvardha Uttarardha.	Niranjan Bhagat	Sahitya Akademi Award
award received	In 2006, Thích Quảng Độ was awarded the Thorolf Rafto Memorial Prize, in recognition of ``personal courage and perseverance through three decades of peaceful opposition against the communist regime in Vietnam, and as a symbol for the growing democracy movement''.	Thích Quảng Độ	Thorolf Rafto Memorial Prize
award received	Semyon Kosberg was awarded the Lenin Prize (1960), Order of Lenin, three other orders and different medals.	Semyon Kosberg	Order of Lenin
award received	Swati Ghate (Marathi: स्वाती घाटे) (born 16 January 1980) is an Indian chess player and a Woman Grandmaster.	Swati Ghate	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Aleksandr Alov (Russian: Александр Александрович Алов) (September 26, 1923 -- December 12, 1983) was a Soviet film director and screenwriter, he was granted the honorary title of People's Artist of the USSR in 1983 (together with Vladimir Naumov).	Aleksandr Alov	People's Artist of the USSR
award received	Cpl. Oliver Hughes (1844--1911) of the Union Army's 12th Kentucky Infantry was awarded the Medal of Honor for action, which culminated in his 20 February 1865 capture of the Confederate States Army's 11th South Carolina's flag.	Oliver Hughes	Medal of Honor
award received	Harry Cator VC, MM (24 January 1894 -- 7 April 1966) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Harry Cator	Victoria Cross
award received	On March 27, 1997, Yad Vashem recognized Johan Benders and Gerritdina Letteboer as Righteous Among the Nations.	Johan Benders	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	Prince Claus Awards named Sami Ben Gharbia in 2012 for his innovative cyber-activism works mainly through social media.	Sami Ben Gharbia	Prince Claus Awards
award received	Nathaniel Barnaby was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1876 and a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in 1885, the year he retired because of ill-health.	Nathaniel Barnaby	Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath
award received	On November 27, 2001, Keith Green was inducted into the Gospel Music Hall of Fame.	Keith Green	Gospel Music Hall of Fame
award received	The Doors were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993.	The Doors	Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
award received	Joanna Majdan-Gajewska (née Majdan; born 9 June 1988 in Koszalin) is a Polish chess player with the title of Woman Grandmaster (WGM).	Joanna Majdan-Gajewska	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Georg Kieninger (5 June 1902 in Munich -- 25 January 1975 in Düsseldorf) was a German chess player and International Master (IM).	Georg Kieninger	International Master
award received	Rūdolfs Gaitars (1907--1945) was a Waffen-Obersturmführer in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was the first Latvian to be awarded the German Cross in Gold.	Rūdolfs Gaitars	German Cross in Gold
award received	Lieutenant General Charles Augustus Goodfellow VC CB (29 November 1836 -- 1 September 1915) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Charles Augustus Goodfellow	Victoria Cross
award received	Mijo Udovčić (September 11, 1920 - September 8, 1984) was a Yugoslavian chess player, who became the first Croatian Grandmaster in 1962.	Mijo Udovčić	Grandmaster
award received	Steve Rotfeld is an American television producer and Emmy Award-winning writer.	Steve Rotfeld	Emmy Award
award received	Kyung-Chik Han (December 29, 1902--April 19, 2000) was a Korean pastor and church planter and the recipient of the 1992 Templeton Prize for Progress in Religion.	Kyung-Chik Han	Templeton Prize
award received	Sohrab Modi received the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 1980.	Sohrab Modi	Dadasaheb Phalke Award
award received	Archibald Mathies (June 3, 1918 -- February 20, 1944) posthumously received the Medal of Honor as an enlisted member of the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II.	Archibald Mathies	Medal of Honor
award received	Nigel Thomson (1945--1999) is an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize twice.	Nigel Thomson	Archibald Prize
award received	Heinrich Ochs (19 April 1915 -- 21 October 1943) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub).	Heinrich Ochs	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Harold Ackroyd VC, MC (18 July 1877 -- 11 August 1917) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Harold Ackroyd	Victoria Cross
award received	Ustad Moinuddin Khan has performed his solo programmes under National programme of music on Tuesday as well as Saturday Night on All India Radio a number of times In 2014, Government of India conferred upon him its fourth-highest civilian award the Padma Shri.	Moinuddin Khan	Padma Shri
award received	Frederick Gugenheim Gregory (22 December 1893--27 November 1961) was a British botanist, plant physiologist and winner of the Royal Medal.	Frederick Gugenheim Gregory	Royal Medal
award received	Archibald Freeman (August 13, 1847 -- January 26, 1918) was an American soldier who received the Medal of Honor for valor during the American Civil War.	Archibald Freeman	Medal of Honor
cast member	Violet Tendencies is a 2010 romantic comedy film directed by Casper Andreas, written by Jesse Archer, and starring Mindy Cohn and Marcus Patrick.	Violet Tendencies	Mindy Cohn	Marcus Patrick
cast member	Dariya Dil is a 1988 Hindi family drama film directed by K. Ravi Shankar and starring Govinda, Kimi Katkar, Roshni and Raj Kiran.	Dariya Dil	Govinda
cast member	The Wagons Roll at Night is a 1941 circus film directed by Ray Enright, starring Humphrey Bogart as traveling carnival owner Nick Coster, Sylvia Sidney as his girlfriend, and Eddie Albert as a newcomer who falls in love with Nick's sister.	The Wagons Roll at Night	Humphrey Bogart	Sylvia Sidney	Eddie Albert
cast member	Where East Is East is a 1929 silent movie starring Lon Chaney as an animal trapper in Laos.	Where East Is East	Lon Chaney
cast member	McGlusky the Sea Rover is a 1935 British comedy action film directed by Walter Summers and starring Jack Doyle, Tamara Desni and Henry Mollison.	McGlusky the Sea Rover	Jack Doyle	Tamara Desni	Henry Mollison
cast member	Unofficially Yours (stylized as ÜnOfficially Yours) is a 2012 Filipino romantic film directed by Cathy Garcia-Molina, starring John Lloyd Cruz and Angel Locsin with Edgar Mortiz, Tetchie Agbayani and Edgar Allan Guzman as Kelvin.	Unofficially Yours	John Lloyd Cruz
cast member	The Wife of Forty Years (German:Die Frau von vierzig Jahren) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Diana Karenne, Vladimir Gajdarov and Sig Arno.	The Wife of Forty Years	Diana Karenne
cast member	Set in picturesque coastal Cornwall, in a tight-knit fishing village in 1936, Ladies in Lavender stars Judi Dench and Maggie Smith playing the leading roles of sisters Ursula (Dench) and Janet Widdington (Smith).	Ladies in Lavender	Judi Dench	Maggie Smith
cast member	Hogi Pyaar Ki Jeet is a 1999 movie starring Ajay Devgn, Shabana Raza (Neha), Arshad Warsi and Mayuri Kango.	Hogi Pyaar Ki Jeet	Shabana Raza	Arshad Warsi	Mayuri Kango
cast member	One Way Street is a 1950 film noir directed by Hugo Fregonese featuring James Mason, Märta Torén and Dan Duryea.	One Way Street	James Mason	Märta Torén	Dan Duryea
cast member	Nee Sukhame Ne Korukunna is a Telugu movie (2008) with Raja and Sneha in the lead roles.Giribabu had earlier produced and directed several hit films including Devatalara Deevinchandi, Simha Garjana, Merupu Dadi and Muddu Muchata.	Nee Sukhame Ne Korukunna	Raja
cast member	Ae Jugara Krushna Sudama is a 2003 Oriya-language film, directed by Hara Patnaik, starring Mithun Chakraborty and Uttam Mohanty.	Ae Jugara Krushna Sudama	Mithun Chakraborty	Uttam Mohanty
cast member	The score to The Science of Sleep was composed by Jean-Michel Bernard.	The Science of Sleep	Jean-Michel Bernard
cast member	Hells Angels on Wheels is a 1967 American biker film directed by Richard Rush, and starring Adam Roarke, Jack Nicholson, and Sabrina Scharf.	Hells Angels on Wheels	Jack Nicholson
cast member	The Vicar of Dibley received multiple British Comedy Awards (including a Best TV Comedy Actress Award for Emma Chambers), two International Emmys, and was a multiple British Academy Television Awards nominee.	The Vicar of Dibley	Emma Chambers
cast member	The Boys in Company C, directed by Sidney J. Furie, starring Stan Shaw, Andrew Stevens, Craig Wasson, James Canning, and Michael Lembeck, is a 1978 film about United States Marine Corps recruits preparing for duty, and their subsequent combat in the Vietnam War.	The Boys in Company C	Stan Shaw	Andrew Stevens	Craig Wasson	Michael Lembeck
cast member	Amelia and Michael is a 2007 British drama short film directed by Daniel Cormack, starring Anthony Head and Natasha Powell and executive produced by Richard Johns.	Amelia and Michael	Anthony Head
cast member	The Girl from Missouri (originally called Born to Be Kissed) is a 1934 American romantic comedy-drama film starring Jean Harlow and Franchot Tone.	The Girl from Missouri	Jean Harlow	Franchot Tone
cast member	Colossus of the Arena (Italian: Maciste il gladiatore più forte del mondo, also known as Death on the Arena) is a 1962 Italian peplum film directed by Michele Lupo and starred by Mark Forest.	Colossus of the Arena	Mark Forest
cast member	Time Bara Vait (Marathi: टाईम बरा वाईट) is a Marathi movie directed by Rahul Bhatankar under VRG Motion Pictures banner starring Bhushan Pradhan, Satish Rajwade, Nidhi Oza, Vishwajeet Pradhan.	Time Bara Vait	Bhushan Pradhan
cast member	Dheiva Thaai (English: Divine Mother) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role.	Dheiva Thaai	M. G. Ramachandran
cast member	Der Ladenprinz (The Shop Prince) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Erich Schönfelder, starring Harry Halm, La Jana and Paul Henckels and also with La Jana, Sig Arno and Hermine Sterler.	Der Ladenprinz	Harry Halm
cast member	Pinched is a 1917 American short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.	Pinched	Harold Lloyd
cast member	The Sheepman is a tongue-in-cheek 1958 Western film directed by George Marshall and starring Glenn Ford, Shirley MacLaine and Leslie Nielsen.	The Sheepman	Glenn Ford	Shirley MacLaine	Leslie Nielsen
cast member	Billy's Love Making is a 1915 American silent romantic drama directed by and starring William Garwood and Violet Mersereau.	Billy's Love Making	Violet Mersereau
cast member	Majaa is a 2005 Tamil film directed by Shafi, starring Vikram, Asin, Vadivelu, Pasupathy, Anu Prabhakar, Vijayakumar, Manivannan, Sindhu Tolani, Murali and Biju Menon.	Majaa	Vikram	Asin	Vadivelu	Pasupathy	Vijayakumar	Manivannan	Sindhu Tolani	Biju Menon
cast member	Felix on the Job is a 1916 silent comedy film directed by George Felix and starring Lon Chaney.	Felix on the Job	Lon Chaney
cast member	Whiskey School is a 2005 drama film starring Olympia Dukakis, Mary Stuart Masterson, Alexandra Eitel, Thomas Flanagan, Carlin Glynn, Lainie Kazan, Gary Swanson, Denise Lute, Mario Macaluso, David Margulies and directed by Peter Masterson and based on the play Intervention by Jo Ann Tedesco.	Whiskey School	Olympia Dukakis	Mary Stuart Masterson	David Margulies
cast member	Who Killed Lamb? is a 1974 TV film starring Stanley Baker as a detective investigating a murder.	Who Killed Lamb?	Stanley Baker
cast member	I Start Counting is a British thriller film released in 1970, directed by David Greene and starring Jenny Agutter in one of her first major roles.	I Start Counting	Jenny Agutter
cast member	Requiem for a Gunfighter is a 1965 American western film, the last picture directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet, produced by Alex Gordon, and starring Rod Cameron, Stephen McNally, Mike Mazurki, Dick Jones, and Olive Sturgess.	Requiem for a Gunfighter	Rod Cameron
cast member	The Dark Corner is a 1946 black-and-white film noir directed by Henry Hathaway starring Lucille Ball, Mark Stevens and Clifton Webb.	The Dark Corner	Lucille Ball	Mark Stevens	Clifton Webb
cast member	La Biblia en pasta (Spanish for ``The Bible in pulp paper'', a Spanish idiom for something hard and difficult) is a 1984 Spanish comedy film directed by Manuel Summers.	La Biblia en pasta	Manuel Summers
cast member	Maayi is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2000 which stars Sarath Kumar and Meena in lead roles wherein Vadivelu's comedy performance was critically acclaimed.	Maayi	Meena	Vadivelu
cast member	Getawarayo is a 1964 Sri Lankan drama film starring Gamini Fonseka.	Getawarayo	Gamini Fonseka
cast member	Love Me, Love My Money (Chinese: 有情飲水飽) is a 2001 Hong Kong romantic comedy film written, produced and directed by Wong Jing, and starring Tony Leung Chiu-Wai, Shu Qi, Angie Cheung, Chun Cho, Lam Ka-Tung, Teresa Mak and Wong Yut Fei.	Love Me, Love My Money	Tony Leung	Shu Qi	Teresa Mak
cast member	Cops & Robbersons is a 1994 American comedy film directed by Michael Ritchie, and starring Chevy Chase, Jack Palance, Dianne Wiest, and Robert Davi.	Cops & Robbersons	Chevy Chase	Jack Palance	Dianne Wiest	Robert Davi
cast member	Just Peggy is a 1918 Australian silent film starring Irish actor Sara Allgood.	Just Peggy	Sara Allgood
cast member	The Kid from Spain is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Leo McCarey starring Eddie Cantor involving bullfighting.	The Kid from Spain	Eddie Cantor
cast member	Bagavathi is a 2002 Tamil film directed by A. Venkatesh, which features Vijay and Reemma Sen in the leading roles.	Bagavathi	Vijay	Reemma Sen
cast member	Lucia Bosé - Isabelle (as Lucia Bosè) Jeanne Moreau - Other Woman Gérard Depardieu - Salesman Luce Garcia-Ville - Teacher Valerie Mascolo - Nathalie Granger Nathalie Bourgeois - Laurence Dionys Mascolo - Granger	Nathalie Granger	Lucia Bosè	Jeanne Moreau	Gérard Depardieu	Luce Garcia-Ville	Dionys Mascolo
cast member	Something for Joey was a 1977 made-for-TV movie (sports/family/true-life dramatization) about the relationship between college football player John Cappelletti (portrayed by Marc Singer), and his younger brother Joey (Jeff Lynas).	Something for Joey	Marc Singer
cast member	Captain Pirate is a 1952 American action/adventure film directed by Ralph Murphy, starring Louis Hayward and Patricia Medina, and produced by Harry Joe Brown.	Captain Pirate	Louis Hayward	Patricia Medina
cast member	A sequel of Escape from New York, Escape from L.A. co-stars Steve Buscemi, Stacy Keach, Bruce Campbell, and Pam Grier.	Escape from L.A.	Steve Buscemi	Stacy Keach	Bruce Campbell	Pam Grier
cast member	Saint John of Las Vegas is a 2009 American comedy-drama film starring Steve Buscemi, Romany Malco, and Sarah Silverman.	Saint John of Las Vegas	Steve Buscemi	Romany Malco	Sarah Silverman
cast member	Atom Man vs. Superman (1950), Columbia's 43rd serial and the second live-action Superman screen appearance, both featuring Kirk Alyn as Superman, finds Lex Luthor (Lyle Talbot), secretly the Atom Man, blackmailing the city of Metropolis by threatening to destroy the entire community.	Atom Man vs. Superman	Kirk Alyn	Lyle Talbot
cast member	Lucky 13 is a 2005 American-Colombian romantic comedy film directed by Chris Hall and starring Brad Hunt, Harland Williams, Lauren Graham, Sasha Alexander, Debra Jo Rupp, John Doe, Kaley Cuoco and Taryn Manning.	Lucky 13	Brad Hunt	Harland Williams	Lauren Graham	Sasha Alexander	Debra Jo Rupp	John Doe	Kaley Cuoco	Taryn Manning
cast member	Bourbon Street Beat is a private detective series which aired on the ABC network from 1959-1960 and featured Richard Long as Rex Randolph, Andrew Duggan as Cal Calhoun, Van Williams as Kenny Madison, and Arlene Howell as Melody Lee Mercer, the secretary at the New Orleans detective agency in which they worked.	Bourbon Street Beat	Richard Long	Andrew Duggan	Van Williams	Arlene Howell
cast member	Bang Bang Kid is a 1967 western film produced by Sidney W. Pink and starring Tom Bosley.	Bang Bang Kid	Tom Bosley
cast member	The Death and Life of Bobby Z, also known as Bobby Z and Let's Kill Bobby Z, is a 2007 American/German action film, directed by John Herzfeld, and starring Paul Walker, Laurence Fishburne, Olivia Wilde and Joaquim de Almeida.	The Death and Life of Bobby Z	Paul Walker	Laurence Fishburne	Olivia Wilde	Joaquim de Almeida
cast member	Praanam is a Telugu film starring Allari Naresh and Sadha in the Lead directed by Malli.	Praanam	Allari Naresh	Sadha
cast member	Star Gazers (formerly known as Jack Horkheimer: Star Hustler and later Jack Horkheimer: Star Gazer) is a five-minute astronomy show on American public television previously hosted by Jack Foley Horkheimer, executive director of the Miami Space Transit Planetarium.	Star Gazers	Jack Horkheimer
cast member	Extraordinary Measures is a 2010 medical drama film starring Brendan Fraser, Harrison Ford, and Keri Russell.	Extraordinary Measures	Brendan Fraser	Harrison Ford	Keri Russell
cast member	Abu Hassan Penchuri (Abu Hassan The Thief) is a 1955 Malaysian romantic film directed by B. Narayan Rao, and starring Malaysian silver-screen legend P. Ramlee.	Abu Hassan Penchuri	P. Ramlee
cast member	Lady Blue Shanghai is a 16-minute internet promotion motion picture for Dior starring Marion Cotillard, Gong Tao, Emily Stofle, Cheng Hong, Lu Yong and Nie Fei.	Lady Blue Shanghai	Marion Cotillard
cast member	Pyar Kiye Jaa (English: Carry on Loving) is a 1966 Hindi language movie directed by C. V. Sridhar starring Kishore Kumar, Shashi Kapoor, Mehmood, Om Prakash, Mumtaz, Kalpana and Rajasree.	Pyar Kiye Jaa	Kishore Kumar	Shashi Kapoor	Mumtaz	Rajasree
cast member	Black Ransom is a 2010 Hong Kong action thriller film directed by Wong Jing and Venus Keung and starring Simon Yam, Michael Miu and Fala Chen.	Black Ransom	Simon Yam
cast member	Lalach is 1983 Indian Hindi film directed by Shankar Nag starring Vinod Mehra, Bindiya Goswami, Ranjeet, Pran, Kajal Kiran, Anant Nag.	Lalach	Vinod Mehra	Bindiya Goswami	Ranjeet
cast member	Love the Beast is a 2009 documentary film directed by Eric Bana, and featuring Bana, Jay Leno, Jeremy Clarkson, and Phil McGraw.	Love the Beast	Eric Bana	Jay Leno	Jeremy Clarkson	Phil McGraw
cast member	Cheggers Plays Pop was a British children's game show broadcast on BBC1 from 10 April 1978 to 7 November 1986 hosted by Keith Chegwin, who is commonly known to the British public as ``Cheggers''.	Cheggers Plays Pop	Keith Chegwin
cast member	Ils étaient cinq is a French comedy film from 1952, directed by Jack Pinoteau, written by Roland Laudenbach, starring Marcel André and Louis de Funès.	Ils étaient cinq	Marcel André	Louis de Funès
cast member	Give a Girl a Break is a 1953 musical comedy film directed by Stanley Donen, starring Debbie Reynolds and the dance team of Marge and Gower Champion.	Give a Girl a Break	Debbie Reynolds	Gower Champion
cast member	Kızın Varmı Derdin Var is a 1973 Turkish film, directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Ayhan Işık, Perihan Savaş and Öztoprak Ünsal.	Kızın Varmı Derdin Var	Ayhan Işık
cast member	Scarlet Pages is a 1930 all-talking pre-code American crime drama film with songs starring Elsie Ferguson and directed by Ray Enright.	Scarlet Pages	Elsie Ferguson
cast member	Hi I'm Tony is a Malayalam psychological thriller film directed by Lal Jr. The film stars Lal in the title role alongside Asif Ali and Miya.	Hi I'm Tony	Asif Ali
cast member	Double Bunk is a 1961 British black-and-white comedy set on a houseboat, that stars Ian Carmichael and Sid James.	Double Bunk	Ian Carmichael	Sid James
cast member	Good Will Evil (simplified Chinese: 凶魅; traditional Chinese: 兇魅; pinyin: Xiōng Mèi) is a 2008 Taiwanese horror film directed by Lin Yu-fen and Wang Ming-chan, starring Terri Kwan, Tammy Chen, Leon Dai, Lu Yi-ching, Cindy Chi and Chen Wen-cheng.	Good Will Evil	Terri Kwan	Lu Yi-ching
cast member	Der Herzensphotograph (The Heart Photographer) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Max Reichmann starring Harry Liedtke and Robert Garrison and also with La Jana and Betty Bird.	Der Herzensphotograph	Harry Liedtke
cast member	Chandee, also spelled as Chandi, is a 2013 Telugu film directed by V. Samudra starring Priyamani, R. Sarathkumar, Ashish Vidhyarthi and Krishnam Raju in the lead roles, and Ali and MS Narayana as key comedians.	Chandee	Krishnam Raju
cast member	Too Many Winners is a 1947 American crime film directed by William Beaudine and starring Hugh Beaumont, Trudy Marshall and Ralph Dunn.	Too Many Winners	Hugh Beaumont
cast member	Il sole sorge ancora (also known as Outcry) is a 1946 Italian neorealist war-drama film directed by Aldo Vergano.	Il sole sorge ancora	Aldo Vergano
cast member	You May Be Next is a 1936 American crime film directed by Albert S. Rogell and starring Ann Sothern, Lloyd Nolan and Douglass Dumbrille.	You May Be Next	Ann Sothern
cast member	La fausse maîtresse (English: Twisted Mistress) is a 1942 French comedy film starring Danielle Darrieux.	La fausse maîtresse	Danielle Darrieux
cast member	People Meet and Sweet Music Fills the Heart, (Danish: Mennesker mødes og sød musik opstår i hjertet), is a 1967 Danish/Swedish romantic comedy directed by Henning Carlsen and starring Harriet Andersson and Preben Neergaard.	People Meet and Sweet Music Fills the Heart	Harriet Andersson	Preben Neergaard
cast member	Smoke in the Wind is a 1975 Western film directed by Andy Brennan and Joseph Kane, and starring John Ashley and Walter Brennan in his final appearance.	Smoke in the Wind	John Ashley	Walter Brennan
cast member	Rises Over Japan is a concert film by the Mark IV of Deep Purple, directed by Tony Klinger and released in 1985.	Rises Over Japan	Deep Purple
cast member	You Get It, Man (Kužiš stari moj) is a 1973 Croatian film directed by Vanča Kljaković, starring Ivica Vidović, Eva Ras and Relja Bašić.	You Get It, Man	Ivica Vidović	Eva Ras	Relja Bašić
cast member	Pat and Mike is a 1952 American romantic comedy film starring Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn.	Pat and Mike	Spencer Tracy	Katharine Hepburn
cast member	Godhuli (English: The Hour of the Gods) is a 1977 Hindi drama film co-directed by Girish Karnad and B. V. Karanth, starring Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Om Puri and Naseeruddin Shah.	Godhuli	Kulbhushan Kharbanda	Naseeruddin Shah
cast member	The Chumscrubber is a 2005 American-German comedy-drama film, directed by Arie Posin, starring an ensemble cast led by Jamie Bell.	The Chumscrubber	Jamie Bell
cast member	A Walk with Love and Death is a 1969 romantic/drama film directed by John Huston.	A Walk with Love and Death	John Huston
cast member	The Man Who Cheated Himself is a 1950 American crime film noir directed by Felix E. Feist, and starring Lee J. Cobb, Jane Wyatt and John Dall.	The Man Who Cheated Himself	Lee J. Cobb	Jane Wyatt	John Dall
cast member	Spare the Rod is a 1961 British social drama, directed by Leslie Norman and starring Max Bygraves, Geoffrey Keen, Donald Pleasence and Richard O'Sullivan.	Spare the Rod	Max Bygraves	Geoffrey Keen	Donald Pleasence	Richard O'Sullivan
cast member	Two in a Crowd (1936) is a romantic comedy film directed by Alfred E. Green, starring Joan Bennett and Joel McCrea, and released by Universal Pictures.	Two in a Crowd	Joan Bennett	Joel McCrea
cast member	The Mind Cure is a 1912 silent short film starring Pearl White.	The Mind Cure	Pearl White
cast member	The Castaway Cowboy is a 1974 adventure film released by Walt Disney Productions starring James Garner, Vera Miles, Eric Shea, and Robert Culp about a Texas rancher who gets shanghaied, then jumps ship and finds himself washed ashore in Hawaii.	The Castaway Cowboy	James Garner	Vera Miles	Eric Shea	Robert Culp
cast member	Law of the Badlands is a 1951 Western starring Tim Holt.	Law of the Badlands	Tim Holt
cast member	The Big Snooze features Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd, voiced as usual by Mel Blanc and Arthur Q. Bryan.	The Big Snooze	Mel Blanc
cast member	Back in the Seventies (Spanish:Allá en el setenta y tantos) is a 1945 Argentine historical drama film directed by Francisco Múgica and starring Silvana Roth, Carlos Cores and Felisa Mary.	Back in the Seventies	Carlos Cores
cast member	The Big Brawl, (Chinese: 殺手壕) also known as Battle Creek Brawl, is a 1980 martial arts film which marked Jackie Chan's first attempt to break into the American movie market.	The Big Brawl	Jackie Chan
cast member	Napoléon II l'Aiglon is a French drama film from 1961, directed by Claude Boissol, written by Paul Andréota, starring Bernard Verley and Jean Marais.	Napoléon II l'Aiglon	Bernard Verley	Jean Marais
cast member	The Miracle Woman is a 1931 American pre-Code drama film directed by Frank Capra and starring Barbara Stanwyck, David Manners, and Sam Hardy.	The Miracle Woman	Barbara Stanwyck	David Manners	Sam Hardy
cast member	Mr & Mrs Sailaja Krishnamurthy is a 2004 Telugu film which stars Sivaji, Laila Mehdin, and Dharmavarapu Subramanyam.	Mr & Mrs Sailaja Krishnamurthy	Sivaji
cast member	Aagey Se Right is a 2009 Bollywood comedy film directed by débutante Indrajit Nattoji, starring Shreyas Talpade, Mahi Gill, Shenaz Treasurywala, and Kay Kay Menon in the lead roles and was produced by Ronnie Screwvala, under the UTV Motion Pictures.	Aagey Se Right	Shreyas Talpade	Mahi Gill	Shenaz Treasurywala	Kay Kay Menon
cast member	Oru Black and White Kudumbam is a 2009 Malayalam film by Shaiju Anthikkad starring Jayasurya and Kalabhavan Mani.	Oru Black and White Kudumbam	Jayasurya
cast member	The Woman on Trial is a 1927 American silent film directed by Mauritz Stiller, starring Pola Negri, and based on the play Confession by Erno Wajda (aka Ernest Vajda).	The Woman on Trial	Pola Negri
cast member	Two Seconds is a 1932 American Pre-Code crime drama film directed by Mervyn LeRoy and starring Edward G. Robinson, Vivienne Osborne and Preston Foster.	Two Seconds	Edward G. Robinson	Vivienne Osborne	Preston Foster
cast member	Burke & Wills is a 1985 Australian adventure film directed by Graeme Clifford, starring Jack Thompson and Nigel Havers.	Burke & Wills	Jack Thompson	Nigel Havers
cast member	The Plainsman is a 1936 American Western film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Gary Cooper and Jean Arthur.	The Plainsman	Gary Cooper	Jean Arthur
cast member	Camp Nowhere is a 1994 American adventure comedy film directed by Jonathan Prince, written by Andrew Kurtzman and Eliot Wald, and stars Christopher Lloyd, Jonathan Jackson and Jessica Alba in her film debut.	Camp Nowhere	Christopher Lloyd	Jonathan Jackson	Jessica Alba
cast member	The Idolmaker is a 1980 American musical drama starring Ray Sharkey, Peter Gallagher, Paul Land, Tovah Feldshuh and Joe Pantoliano.	The Idolmaker	Ray Sharkey	Peter Gallagher	Tovah Feldshuh	Joe Pantoliano
cast member	Singularity Principle, is a 2013 science fiction film starring William B. Davis, Michael Patrick Denis and John Diehl.	Singularity Principle	William B. Davis
cast member	Casey's Shadow is a 1978 drama Metrocolor film directed by Martin Ritt and starring Walter Matthau.	Casey's Shadow	Walter Matthau
cast member	Young April (1926) is a silent film romantic comedy starring Bessie Love.	Young April	Bessie Love
cast member	Nora Prentiss is a 1947 black-and-white drama film noir directed by Vincent Sherman, and starring Ann Sheridan, Kent Smith, Bruce Bennett and Robert Alda.	Nora Prentiss	Ann Sheridan	Kent Smith	Bruce Bennett	Robert Alda
cast member	Woh Jo Hasina is a 1983 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Deepak Bahry, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Ranjeeta Kaur, Pran, Kader Khan, Prema Narayan, Rajendranath, Satyen Kappoo, Madan Puri and Chander	Woh Jo Hasina	Mithun Chakraborty	Ranjeeta Kaur	Pran	Kader Khan	Prema Narayan	Chander
cast member	A Taste of Blood is a 1967 American horror film, produced and directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis.	A Taste of Blood	Herschell Gordon Lewis
cast member	Lone Wolf McQuade is a 1983 action film, starring Chuck Norris, David Carradine, Barbara Carrera, L.Q. Jones, R.G. Armstrong, Leon Isaac Kennedy and Robert Beltran, and is directed by Steve Carver.	Lone Wolf McQuade	Chuck Norris	David Carradine	Barbara Carrera	Robert Beltran
cast member	Pallard the Punter is a 1919 British silent sports crime film directed by J.L.V. Leigh and starring Jack Leigh, Heather Thatcher and Lionel d'Aragon.	Pallard the Punter	Heather Thatcher
cast member	I'll Be Yours is a 1947 American musical comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Deanna Durbin.	I'll Be Yours	Deanna Durbin
cast member	Awara Baap is a 1985 Bollywood film starring Rajesh Khanna in the title role, directed by Sohanlal Kanwar.	Awara Baap	Rajesh Khanna
cast member	Who Killed Mary What's 'Er Name? (also known as Death of a Hooker) is a 1971 film starring comedian and actor Red Buttons and featuring Sylvia Miles, Conrad Bain, Alice Playten and Sam Waterston.	Who Killed Mary What's 'Er Name?	Red Buttons
cast member	The Last Romantic is a documentary filmed within the home of concert pianist Vladimir Horowitz.	The Last Romantic	Vladimir Horowitz
cast member	Jewelled Nights is a 1925 Australian silent film directed by the film star Louise Lovely in collaboration with her husband Wilton Welch.	Jewelled Nights	Louise Lovely
cast member	The King's Jester (Italian:Il re si diverte) is a 1941 Italian historical film directed by Mario Bonnard and starring Michel Simon, María Mercader and Rossano Brazzi.	The King's Jester	Michel Simon	María Mercader	Rossano Brazzi
cast member	The Cartier Affair is a 1984 NBC TV movie that starred Knight Rider '​s David Hasselhoff and Dynasty '​s Joan Collins, which also featured Kojak '​s Telly Savalas.The Movie was completed during the Dynasty and Knightrider Season breaks.	The Cartier Affair	David Hasselhoff	Joan Collins
cast member	The Half-Naked Truth is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Gregory LaCava and featuring Lee Tracy as a carnival pitchman who finagles his girlfriend, a fiery hoochie dancer played by Lupe Vélez, into a major Broadway revue under the auspices of an impresario portrayed by Frank Morgan.	The Half-Naked Truth	Lee Tracy	Lupe Vélez	Frank Morgan
cast member	Shasta Delaney (Jennifer O'Neill), arrives in the hotel, wishing to report a murder that took place in Rio Lobo.	Rio Lobo	Jennifer O'Neill
cast member	The Matinee Idol is a 1928 silent romantic comedy film directed by Frank Capra, and starring Bessie Love and Johnnie Walker.	The Matinee Idol	Bessie Love	Johnnie Walker
cast member	Ladies of Washington is a 1944 American drama film directed by Louis King and starring Trudy Marshall, Ronald Graham and Anthony Quinn.	Ladies of Washington	Trudy Marshall
cast member	Dear Wendy is a 2004 film directed by Thomas Vinterberg, and starring Jamie Bell, Bill Pullman, Mark Webber and Alison Pill.	Dear Wendy	Jamie Bell	Bill Pullman	Mark Webber	Alison Pill
cast member	Ladies Should Listen is a 1934 American comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Cary Grant, Edward Everett Horton, Frances Drake, Nydia Westman, among others.	Ladies Should Listen	Cary Grant	Edward Everett Horton	Frances Drake
cast member	Paap (English: Sin) is a 2003 Bollywood film, directed by Pooja Bhatt in her directorial debut, and features John Abraham, Udita Goswami, Gulshan Grover and Mohan Agashe.	Paap	John Abraham	Udita Goswami	Gulshan Grover
cast member	Mark Damon as Johnny Oro / Ringo Valeria Fabrizi as Margie Franco De Rosa as Juanito Perez Giulia Rubini as Jane Norton Loris Loddi as Stan Norton Andrea Aureli as Gilmore Pippo Starnazza as Matt Ettore Manni as Sheriff Bill Norton John Bartha as Bernard	Johnny Oro	Valeria Fabrizi	Giulia Rubini	Loris Loddi	Andrea Aureli	Pippo Starnazza	Ettore Manni	John Bartha
cast member	The House That Drips Blood on Alex is a 2010 comedy horror short starring Tommy Wiseau.	The House That Drips Blood on Alex	Tommy Wiseau
cast member	Holiday Engagement (originally titled A Thanksgiving Engagement) is a 2011 film starring Bonnie Somerville, Shelley Long and Jordan Bridges.	Holiday Engagement	Bonnie Somerville	Shelley Long	Jordan Bridges
cast member	Walking and Talking is a 1996 independent film starring Catherine Keener, Anne Heche, Todd Field, Liev Schreiber and Kevin Corrigan.	Walking and Talking	Catherine Keener	Anne Heche	Todd Field	Liev Schreiber	Kevin Corrigan
child	He ruled for 75 years, was given the posthumous name Tai Wu and was succeeded by his son Zhong Ding (仲丁).	Tai Wu	Zhong Ding
child	Zhao Yun's eldest son, Zhao Tong (趙統), served as a military officer in Shu and his highest appointment was an Imperial Guard in the ``Rapid as Tigers'' division (虎賁中郎).	Zhao Yun	Zhao Tong
child	If Gautreks saga tells that Gautrekr had the daughter Helga, Hrólfs saga Gautrekssonar adds two sons, Ketill and Hrólfr Gautreksson.	Gautrekr	Hrólfr Gautreksson
child	In September 2010, an article published in an archaeology magazine claimed that the tomb and the adjacent one actually belonged to Cao Huan (a grandson of Cao Cao) and his father Cao Yu.	Cao Cao	Cao Yu
child	Sodasa, son of Rajuvula, succeeded him and also made Mathura his capital.	Rajuvula	Sodasa
child	Jan Appelmans (1352--1411) was the first architect of the Cathedral of Our Lady, Antwerp, succeeded by his son Pieter Appelmans.	Jan Appelmans	Pieter Appelmans
child	Bill Myrick moved his wife, Laverne S. Myrick (born 1930), and toddler daughter Bellinda Myrick (born 1948) to Odessa, the county seat of Ector County, on the advice on Myrick's friend Hank Williams.	Bill Myrick	Bellinda Myrick
child	Philipp Meitner was the father of Dr. Lise Meitner.	Philipp Meitner	Lise Meitner
child	When his son Théodred was mortally wounded at a battle at the Fords of Isen, Théoden's nephew Éomer became his heir.	Théoden	Théodred
child	The Govan Mbeki Health Building was inaugurated in 2001 at a ceremony featuring his son Thabo. Mbeki received an honorary doctorate in the Social Sciences from the University of Amsterdam.	Govan Mbeki	Thabo. Mbeki
child	Martin Sheen and son Ramon Estevez combined both their real and stage names to create the Warner Bros.-affiliated company, Estevez Sheen Productions.	Martin Sheen	Ramon Estevez
child	Harmen Hals (1611--1669) Frans Hals Junior (1618--1669) Jan Hals (1620--1654) Reynier Hals (1627--1672) Nicolaes Hals (1628--1686) Though most of his sons became portrait painters, some of them took up still life painting or architectural studies and landscapes.	Frans Hals	Harmen Hals	Jan Hals	Reynier Hals	Nicolaes Hals
child	Arne Torp is the father of actress Ane Dahl Torp.	Arne Torp	Ane Dahl Torp
child	Yang Chengwu's son Yang Dongming is a retired lieutenant general who was appointed Deputy Commander of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) in 2005, despite having no prior experience in PLAAF combat units or headquarters.	Yang Chengwu	Yang Dongming
child	Zübeyde Hanım (1857 -- 14 January 1923) was the mother of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the founder of the Republic of Turkey.	Zübeyde Hanım	Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
child	Æthelred and Æthelflæd are recorded as having had one daughter, Ælfwynn.	Æthelflæd	Ælfwynn
child	Liu Shouwen's assistants Lü Yan (呂兗) and Sun He (孫鶴) initially supported Liu Shouwen's son Liu Yanzuo as his successor and put up a defense, and the defense held, even after Liu Shouguang took Liu Shouwen to the city to show the troops that Liu Shouwen had been captured.	Liu Shouwen	Liu Yanzuo
conflict	Theodor Krancke (30 March 1893 -- 18 June 1973) was an admiral with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Theodor Krancke	World War II
conflict	The 28th Rifle Division was a rifle division in the Soviet Red Army during the Russian Civil War, World War II and the Cold War.	28th Rifle Division	World War II
conflict	George Mahoney (born January 15, 1865) was a fireman first class serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	George Mahoney	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Henry Bohlen (October 22, 1810 -- August 22, 1862) was an American Civil War Union Brigadier General.	Henry Bohlen	American Civil War
conflict	Wacław Sieroszewski (1858 -- 1945) was a Polish writer, Polish Socialist Party activist, and soldier in the World War I-era Polish Legions (decorated with the Virtuti Militari).	Wacław Sieroszewski	World War I
conflict	He served in the Tank Corps during World War I and in the Special Operations Executive, SOE, in World War II. In his SOE role, ``Captain'' Selwyn Jepson was recruiting officer for F section, the independent French section.	Selwyn Jepson	World War I
conflict	Paul Lacombe de La Tour was a French army officer who served from 1910 to 1940 through both World War I and World War II. He eventually rose to the rank of Lieutenant-colonel and led the 97th Reconnaissance Group of the Infantry Division into combat during the Battle of France.	Paul Lacombe de La Tour	World War I	Battle of France
conflict	Charles H. Marsh (1840 -- January 25, 1867) was a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions during a skirmish in the Valley Campaigns of 1864.	Charles H. Marsh	American Civil War
conflict	Gotfred Jensen (November 20, 1872 in Denmark -- December 26, 1945) was a United States Army soldier who received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Philippine-American War.	Gotfred Jensen	Philippine-American War
conflict	During World War II, the destroyer escort USS Paul G. Baker (DE-755) was named for Baker.	Paul G. Baker	World War II
conflict	Christos Palaskas (Greek: Χρήστος Παλάσκας, Gotista, Ioannina, 1788 -- Drakospilia, Parnassos, 1822) was a Greek chieftain during the Greek War of Independence.	Christos Palaskas	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Nathan Kimball (November 22, 1822 -- January 21, 1898) was a physician, politician, postmaster, and military officer, serving as a general in the Union army during the American Civil War.	Nathan Kimball	American Civil War
conflict	Alix Pasquet (unknown--1958) was a World War II fighter pilot, one of only five Haitian members of the Tuskegee Airmen, a soccer star, and a political revolutionary.He was killed while leading a coup attempt against Haitian President Francois Duvalier in 1958.	Alix Pasquet	World War II
conflict	A Starr revolver (Starr DA) is a double-action revolver which was used in the western theater of the American Civil War until the U.S. Ordnance Department persuaded the Starr Arms Co. to create a single-action variant after discontinuation of the Colt.	Starr revolver	American Civil War
conflict	Frank Tolan (May 1854 -- 1899) was an American private in the U.S. Army who served with the 7th U.S. Cavalry during the Great Sioux War of 1876--77.	Frank Tolan	Great Sioux War of 1876
conflict	The 3rd Alpine Division Julia was a World War II light Infantry division of the Italian Army, specializing in Mountain Combat.	3rd Alpine Division Julia	World War II
conflict	Robert Cowdin (September 18, 1805 -- July 9, 1874) was a businessman, a field officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War and a local politician in Massachusetts.	Robert Cowdin	American Civil War
conflict	Gustav Altmann (13 April 1912 -- 20 February 1981) was a member of the Fallschirmjäger during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes) for his actions during the Battle of Fort Eben-Emael.	Gustav Altmann	World War II	Battle of Fort Eben-Emael
conflict	Sottotenente de Vascello Umberto Calvello was a World War I fighter ace credited with five victories.	Umberto Calvello	World War I
conflict	Eduard Florus Harald Auffarth (also Auffahrt) (?? -- 12 October 1946) Royal House Order of Hohenzollern, Iron Cross, Silver Wound Badge, Hanseatic Cross, was a World War I German fighter ace credited with 29 victories.	Harald Auffarth	World War I
conflict	Vice Admiral Richard Bell Davies VC CB DSO AFC (19 May 1886 -- 26 February 1966), also known as Richard Bell-Davies, was a British Royal Navy officer and World War I fighter pilot.	Richard Bell Davies	World War I
conflict	Leland Francis Norton (Mar. 12, 1921 San Bernardino, California to May 27, 1944, France) was a captain in the US Army Air Corp who died heroically during a bombing mission in World War II in Europe.	Leland Francis Norton	World War II
conflict	Heinrich Holk (also Holke or Henrik Holck) (1599--1633) was a Danish-German mercenary in both Christian IV of Denmark's and Albrecht von Wallenstein's service during the Thirty Years' War.	Heinrich Holk	Thirty Years' War
conflict	William H. Horsfall (March 3, 1847 -- October 22, 1922) was one of the youngest men to receive the Medal of Honor during the American Civil War.	William H. Horsfall	American Civil War
constellation	Omicron Velorum (ο Vel, ο Velorum) is a star in the constellation Vela.	Omicron Velorum	Vela
constellation	HD 118203 is a K-type subgiant star located in the Ursa Major constellation 289 light years away from Earth.	HD 118203	Ursa Major
constellation	Gamma Persei (Gamma Per, γ Persei, γ Per) is a binary star system in the constellation Perseus.	Gamma Persei	Perseus
constellation	Kepler-40, formerly known as KOI-428, is an F-type star in the constellation Cygnus.	Kepler-40	Cygnus
constellation	HD 93833 is an orange giant star in Sextans that shines with a vmag of 5.85 from its approximate position of RA 10h 49.7m, Dec -9° 51'.	HD 93833	Sextans
constellation	HD 167042 is a 6th magnitude K-type giant star located approximately 163 light-years away in Draco constellation.	HD 167042	Draco
constellation	Messier 34 (also known as M 34 or NGC 1039) is an open cluster in the constellation Perseus.	Messier 34	Perseus
constellation	20 Monocerotis (20 Mon) is a star in the constellation Monoceros.	20 Monocerotis	Monoceros
constellation	MACS J0717.5+3745 (MACS J0717 or MACS 0717 for short) is a large galaxy cluster located 5.4 billion light years away in the constellation Auriga, appearing in the MAssive Cluster Survey (MACS).	MACS J0717.5+3745	Auriga
constellation	HD 181720 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G-type main sequence star HD 181720, located approximately 190 light years away in the constellation Sagittarius.	HD 181720 b	Sagittarius
constellation	NGC 5087 is an elliptical galaxy located in the constellation Virgo.	NGC 5087	Virgo
constellation	HD 167965 is a 6th magnitude star in the constellation Lyra, approximately 590 light years from Earth.	HD 167965	Lyra
constellation	HD 175541 is an intermediate-mass subgiant star in the constellation Serpens.	HD 175541	Serpens
constellation	NGC 1483 is a barred spiral galaxy located in the southern constellation of Horologium and member of the Dorado Group.	NGC 1483	Horologium
constellation	HD 72659 is a yellow dwarf star in the Hydra constellation.	HD 72659	Hydra
constellation	Messier 83 (also known as the Southern Pinwheel Galaxy, M83 or NGC 5236) is a barred spiral galaxy approximately 15 million light-years away in the constellation Hydra.	Messier 83	Hydra
constellation	HD 185269 is a seventh magnitude star approximately 153 light-years away in the constellation Cygnus.	HD 185269	Cygnus
constellation	NGC 1232 is an intermediate spiral galaxy about 60 million light-years away in the constellation Eridanus.	NGC 1232	Eridanus
constellation	V373 Scuti was a nova, which appeared in 1975 in the constellation Scutum and reached magnitude 6.	V373 Scuti	Scutum
constellation	HD 173780 is a 5th magnitude star in the constellation Lyra, approximately 250 light years away from Earth.	HD 173780	Lyra
constellation	HD 1461 (32 G. Ceti) is a G0V class star slightly more massive than the Sun (G2V), and located about 76 light-years away in the constellation of Cetus.	HD 1461	Cetus
continent	Kampekalven Mountain (71°56′S 7°46′E) is a mountain, 2,200 metres (7,200 ft) high, forming the northeast end of the Filchner Mountains in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kampekalven Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Marble Point is a rocky promontory on the coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica, located at 77° 26' S latitude and 163° 50' E longitude.	Marble Point	Antarctica
continent	Ustra Peak (Vrah Ustra \'vr&h 'us-tra\) is a rocky peak of 195 m on the coast of Walker Bay, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Ustra Peak	Antarctica
continent	Ménier Island (64°59′S 63°37′W) is an island, the largest in a small island group lying in the mouth of Flandres Bay, 4 nautical miles (7 km) northeast of Cape Renard, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Ménier Island	Antarctica
continent	Pavie Ridge or Cap Pavie or Île Pavie is a rocky ridge located at 68°34′S 66°59′W in Antarctica which rises over 500 m. It extends south and west from Martin Glacier to Moraine Cove, and forms the southeastern limit of the Bertrand Ice Piedmont, on the west coast of Graham Land.	Pavie Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Kent Plateau (80°44′S 157°50′E) is an ice-covered plateau, 12 nautical miles (22 km) long and 4 nautical miles (7 km) wide, extending northward from Mount Egerton and Kiwi Pass to the vicinity of Mount Hamilton, in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.	Kent Plateau	Antarctica
continent	The Keystone Cliffs (71°35′S 68°13′W) are a set of cliffs, 610 metres (2,000 ft) high, marking the east face of the sedimentary ridge between Mercury Glacier and Venus Glacier, on the east coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Keystone Cliffs	Antarctica
continent	Dream Island is an island lying 0.7 km (0.43 mi) south-east of Cape Monaco, off the south-west coast of Anvers Island in Wylie Bay, in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica.	Dream Island	Antarctica
continent	Irvine Glacier (74°42′S 63°15′W) is a glacier, 40 miles (64 km) long, draining southeast between the Guettard Range and the Rare Range into the northern part of Gardner Inlet, Antarctica.	Irvine Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Manning Massif (70°42′S 67°50′E) is a large rock massif between Loewe Massif and McLeod Massif in the eastern part of the Aramis Range, Prince Charles Mountains, Antarctica.	Manning Massif	Antarctica
continent	Good Glacier (84°12′S 177°50′E) is a wide glacier draining the eastern slopes of the Hughes Range in Antarctica between Mount Brennan and Mount Waterman and flowing northeast to enter the Ross Ice Shelf to the east of Mount Reinhardt.	Good Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Potter Peninsula is a low ice-free peninsula between Potter Cove and Stranger Point in south-west King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Potter Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Wrigley Gulf is an embayment about 115 miles wide along the coastline of Antarctica, lying seaward of the Getz Ice Shelf.	Wrigley Gulf	Antarctica
continent	Kitano-ura Cove (69°0′S 39°36′E) is a cove indenting the northern side of East Ongul Island, Antarctica.	Kitano-ura Cove	Antarctica
continent	Gatson Ridge (79°43′S 158°51′E) is a jagged ridge, 3 nautical miles (6 km) long, that runs east from the southern part of Bowling Green Plateau in the Brown Hills of the Cook Mountains, Antarctica.	Gatson Ridge	Antarctica
continent	The Ross Ice Shelf is the largest ice shelf of Antarctica (an area of roughly 487,000 square kilometres (188,000 sq mi) and about 800 kilometres (500 mi) across: about the size of France).	Ross Ice Shelf	Antarctica
continent	Tirizis Island (Bulgarian: остров Тиризис, ``Ostrov Tirizis'' \'os-trov ti-'ri-zis\) is the rocky island off the east coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica extending 1.05 km in east-west direction and 350 m wide.	Tirizis Island	Antarctica
continent	Eurus Ridge (77°26′S 162°59′E) is a ridge between Cerberus Valley and Clio Glacier in the Olympus Range of the McMurdo Dry Valleys of Antarctica.	Eurus Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Mount Judd (85°4′S 170°26′E) is a prominent bare rock mountain, over 2,400 metres (7,900 ft) high, surmounting the ridge running north from Mount White in the Supporters Range in Antarctica.	Mount Judd	Antarctica
continent	Mintz Peak (76°53′S 126°3′W) is a small peak rising above the southeast corner of Mount Hartigan in the Executive Committee Range, Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mintz Peak	Antarctica
continent	Melfjellet (68°21′S 59°12′E) is a prominent rock outcrop in the eastern part of the Hansen Mountains, Antarctica, about 2 nautical miles (4 km) southeast of See Nunatak.	Melfjellet	Antarctica
continent	Djibouti (/dʒɪˈbuːti/ ji-BOO-tee; Arabic: جيبوتي‎ Jībūtī, French: Djibouti, Somali: Jabuuti, Afar: Gabuuti), officially the Republic of Djibouti, is a country located in the Horn of Africa.	Djibouti	Africa
continent	Zavadovskiy Island (66°43′S 86°24′E) is an ice-covered island in the West Ice Shelf near Antarctica.	Zavadovskiy Island	Antarctica
continent	Guéguen Point (65°9′S 64°7′W) is a point forming the south end of Hovgaard Island, in the Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Guéguen Point	Antarctica
continent	Kilifarevo Island (Bulgarian: остров Килифарево, ``Ostrov Kilifarevo'' 'os-trov ki-li-'fa-re-vo) is an ice-free island in the Aitcho group on the west side of English Strait in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Kilifarevo Island	Antarctica
continent	Renier Point (62°36′34``S 59°48′21''W) is a narrow point forming the east extremity of both Burgas Peninsula and Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Renier Point	Antarctica
continent	Irving Island (66°25′S 67°4′W) is a small island at the northeastern end of the Barcroft Islands, in the Biscoe Islands, Antarctica.	Irving Island	Antarctica
continent	Molar Massif (71°38′S 163°45′E) is a large mountain massif immediately east of the Lanterman Range in the Bowers Mountains of Antarctica.	Molar Massif	Antarctica
continent	Kardam Buttress (Kardamov Rid \kar-'da-mov 'rid\) is a sloping buttress projecting 1 km northwards from St. Ivan Rilski Col into Huron Glacier on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica, and has precipitous and partly ice-free western slopes.	Kardam Buttress	Antarctica
continent	Janulis Spur (85°7′S 90°27′W) is a rock spur which extends eastward from the Ford Massif between Green Valley and Aaron Glacier, in the Thiel Mountains of Antarctica.	Janulis Spur	Antarctica
continent	Altarduken Glacier is a small glacier just east of The Altar at the head of Grautskala Cirque, in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Altarduken Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Flett Crags (80°39′S 23°35′W) are rock crags on the north slope of the Read Mountains, 5 nautical miles (9 km) north of Mount Wegener, in the Shackleton Range, Antarctica.	Flett Crags	Antarctica
continent	Halfmoon Bluff (85°13′S 175°38′W) is a rock bluff overlooking the east side of Shackleton Glacier, rising immediately north of the mouth of Brunner Glacier, in the Cumulus Hills of Antarctica.	Halfmoon Bluff	Antarctica
continent	The Larson Nunataks (82°45′S 48°0′W) are a small cluster of nunataks lying along the east side of the Forrestal Range, 1.5 nautical miles (3 km) southeast of Mount Malville, in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica.	Larson Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Iskollen Hill (72°51′S 4°9′W) is a broad, snow-covered hill with a few rock outcrops at the summit, lying southwest of Raudberg Valley in the southwestern part of the Borg Massif, in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Iskollen Hill	Antarctica
continent	Heuser Nunatak (72°2′S 160°38′E) is a small nunatak that lies 3 nautical miles (6 km) south of Mount Phelan and marks the southern extremity of the Emlen Peaks in the Usarp Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Heuser Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Laclavère Plateau (63°27′S 57°47′W) is a plateau, 10 nautical miles (19 km) long and from 1 to 3 nautical miles (2 to 6 km) wide, rising to 1,035 metres (3,400 ft) between Misty Pass and Theodolite Hill, Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica.	Laclavère Plateau	Antarctica
continent	Hockey Cirque (83°17′S 156°30′E) is a glacial cirque 0.5 nautical miles (1 km) wide along the east wall of Ascent Glacier in the Miller Range of Antarctica.	Hockey Cirque	Antarctica
continent	Landry Bluff (85°16′S 175°37′W) is a rock bluff in the Cumulus Hills, Antarctica, standing just north of the mouth of Logie Glacier where the latter joins Shackleton Glacier.	Landry Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Alberts Glacier (66°52′S 64°53′W) is a heavily crevassed glacier in Antarctica.	Alberts Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mason Inlet (72°57′S 60°25′W) is an ice-filled inlet which recedes 28 kilometres (15 nmi) southwest between Cape Mackintosh and the coastline south of Cape Herdman, along the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Mason Inlet	Antarctica
continent	Krivina Bay (Bulgarian: залив Кривина, ``Zaliv Krivina'' \'za-liv 'kri-vi-na\) is a 5 km wide bay indenting for 3 km the west coast of Trinity Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Krivina Bay	Antarctica
continent	Magnis Ridge (80°5′S 156°12′E) is a rock ridge 1.5 nautical miles (3 km) west of Derrick Peak, forming the divide between Magnis Valley and Metaris Valley in the Britannia Range, Antarctica.	Magnis Ridge	Antarctica
continent	The Harold Byrd Mountains (85°26′S 146°30′W) are a group of exposed mountains and nunataks which extend in an east--west direction between the lower part of Leverett Glacier and the head of the Ross Ice Shelf in Antarctica.	Harold Byrd Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Rezen Knoll (Bulgarian: Vrah Rezen \'vr&h 're-zen\) is a knoll rising to 433 m in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Rezen Knoll	Antarctica
continent	Megalestris Hill is a rocky hill, 35 m (115 ft) high, in the south part of Petermann Island in the Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Megalestris Hill	Antarctica
continent	Mount Grytøyr (72°0′S 4°31′E) is a broad ice-topped mountain, 2,695 metres (8,840 ft) high, between Flogeken Glacier and Stuttflog Glacier in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Mount Grytøyr	Antarctica
continent	Lizotte Creek (77°42′S 162°29′E) is a meltwater stream, 2,000 metres (2,200 yd) long, flowing southeastwards from the extreme southwestern tip of Matterhorn Glacier to the northeast end of Lake Bonney in Taylor Valley, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Lizotte Creek	Antarctica
country	Rigonce (pronounced (ˈɾiːɡɔntsɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Rigonce	Slovenia
country	Lapinlahti Airfield is an airfield in Lapinlahti, Finland, about 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) northeast of Lapinlahti municipal centre.	Lapinlahti Airfield	Finland
country	Krzesin-Parcel (ˈkʂɛɕin ˈpart͡sɛl) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Krzesin-Parcel	Poland
country	The South-west Corner Commonwealth Marine Reserve is a marine reserve on the lower south west and southern coast of Western Australia, one of 14 in the South-west Commonwealth Marine Reserves Network.	South-west Corner Commonwealth Marine Reserve	Australia
country	The Ulus Sephardi Jewish Cemetery (Turkish: Ulus Sefarad Musevi Mezarlığı) or Arnavutköy Jewish Cemetery (Turkish: Arnavutköy Musevi Mezarlığı) is a burial ground of the Sephardi Jewish community in Istanbul, Turkey.	Ulus Sephardi Jewish Cemetery	Turkey
country	San Miniato is a town and comune in the province of Pisa, in the region of Tuscany, Italy.	San Miniato	Italy
country	Camboriú is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil, near Balneario Camboriu, a popular beach destination.	Camboriú	Brazil
country	Sela pri Raki (pronounced (ˈseːla pɾi ˈɾaːki)) is a settlement southeast of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Sela pri Raki	Slovenia
country	Stara Krępa (ˈstara ˈkrɛmpa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stara Krępa	Poland
country	Manoppello is a comune in Abruzzo, in the province of Pescara, Italy.	Manoppello	Italy
country	The ruins of the Château de Bellocq are in the commune of Bellocq in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département of France.	Château de Bellocq	France
country	Mount Faloria is a mountain in the Alps of northern Italy, located in the Dolomites near Cortina d'Ampezzo.	Mount Faloria	Italy
country	Rumuruti is a town in Laikipia County in Kenya's former Rift Valley Province.	Rumuruti	Kenya
country	San Francisco de Tilcara (usually referred to as Tilcara) is a city in the province of Jujuy, Argentina, and the head town of the Tilcara Department.	Tilcara	Argentina
country	Rijeka Crnojevića bridge (Montenegrin: Most na Rijeci Crnojevića) - also known as Danilo's bridge (Montenegrin: Danilov most) - is a bridge in Rijeka Crnojevića, Montenegro.	Rijeka Crnojevića bridge	Montenegro
country	Bojadła (bɔˈjadwa) (German: Boyadel) is a village in County Lubuskie, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Bojadła	Poland
country	Kalian-e Sofla (Persian: كاليان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kālīān-e Soflá; also known as Kālīān-e Pā'īn) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kalian-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Haus der Kulturen der Welt (``House of the World's Cultures'') in Berlin is Germany's national centre for the presentation and discussion of international contemporary arts, with a special focus on non-European cultures and societies.	Haus der Kulturen der Welt	Germany
country	Lisgoold (Irish: Lios Cúil) is a small hamlet in East Cork, Ireland.	Lisgoold	Ireland
country	The 1998 Honda Indy 300 was the eighteenth and penultimate round of the 1998 CART World Series Season, held on 18 October 1998 on the Surfers Paradise Street Circuit, Surfers Paradise, Queensland, Australia.	1998 Honda Indy 300	Australia
country	The Distribuidor Vial San Antonio is a Mexican freeway located at the west side of Mexico City.	Distribuidor Vial San Antonio	Mexico
country	Khard Mard-e Anisi (Persian: خردمردانيسي‎, also Romanized as Khard Mard-e Anīsī) is a village in Pazevar Rural District, Rudbast District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khard Mard-e Anisi	Iran
country	Puli Khumri (Persian:پل خمری) is a city in northern Afghanistan.	Puli Khumri	Afghanistan
country	Vitebsk Ghetto or Witebsk Ghetto was a short-lived ghetto in the town of Vitebsk in modern-day Belarus.	Vitebsk Ghetto	Belarus
country	Athirappilly is a first grade Grama Panchayath with 489.00 km2 area in Chalakudy Taluk, Thrissur district in Kerala, India.	Athirappilly	India
country	Darreh-ye Bariki (Persian: دره باريكي‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Bārīḵī) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Bariki	Iran
country	Fort Young Hotel is a hotel on the quayside of Roseau, Dominica, located in the southern part of the capital next to Garraway Hotel and Dominica Museum and Roseau Public Library, just south of the Governor's Residence and Roseau Cathedral.	Fort Young Hotel	Dominica
country	A Illa de Arousa is the only island municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra.	A Illa de Arousa	Spain
country	Catbalogan Airport (IATA: none, ICAO: RPVY) is an airport located in Catbalogan, the capital city of Samar, Philippines.	Catbalogan Airport	Philippines
country	Sbeitla (Tunisian Arabic: سبيطلة‎ Sbaytlā) is a city in north-central Tunisia.	Sbeitla	Tunisia
country	Myślimierz (mɨˈɕlimjɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebielino, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Myślimierz	Poland
country	Praviršulio tyrelis, also known as the Pravirsulio Tyrelis State Nature Reserve, is a nature reserve outside Šiauliai in Lithuania with many rare examples of flora and fauna.	Praviršulio tyrelis	Lithuania
country	The Williams Lake Mustangs was a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Williams Lake, British Columbia, Canada.	Williams Lake Mustangs	Canada
country	Stepan (Ukrainian: Степань; Polish: Stepań; Hebrew: סטפאן‎) is an urban-type settlement in the Sarny Raion (district) of Rivne Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Stepan	Ukraine
country	The modern Turkish name of the river is Bakırçay (formerly the Aksu), and it is located in the Asian part of Turkey.	Bakırçay	Turkey
country	Aba Island is an island on the White Nile to the south of Khartoum, Sudan.	Aba Island	Sudan
country	Qeshlaq-e Sialeh (Persian: قشلاق سياله‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Sīāleh; also known as Sīāleh) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Sialeh	Iran
country	As of January 2011 Radio Times Extra has been installed on 3.8 million Freeview set-top boxes in the United Kingdom, from 21 different manufacturers, spanning 37 different receivers.	Radio Times Extra	United Kingdom
country	Sviatoshyn Airfield (Ukrainian Аеродром ``Святошин''), formerly known as Svyatoshino, is an industrial airfield in Kiev, Ukraine, located 11 km northwest of city center.	Sviatoshyn Airfield	Ukraine
country	Oprzężów-Kolonia (ɔˈpʂɛ̃ʐuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Oprzężów-Kolonia	Poland
country	Muthabin (Arabic: موثبين‎, also spelled Mothabeen) is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the Daraa Governorate, located northeast of Daraa in the al-Sanamayn District.	Muthabin	Syria
country	Tacumshane (Irish: Teach as Sheáin, meaning ``Sean's house'') (Yola; Tecumshine) is a small village in the southeast of County Wexford, Ireland.	Tacumshane	Ireland
country	Fuero dates back to the feudal era: the lord could concede or acknowledge a fuero to certain groups or communities, most notably the Roman Catholic Church, the military, and certain regions that fell under the same monarchy as Castile or, later, Spain, but were not fully integrated into those countries.	Fuero	Spain
country	The Stadtkirche Glarus is the main Reformed church for the city of Glarus in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.	Stadtkirche Glarus	Switzerland
country	The Order of Viesturs is a Latvian state order founded in 1938, which fell into abeyance during the years of the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic, but was reestablished in 2004 in the Republic of Latvia.	Order of Viesturs	Latvia
country	Bajul (Persian: باجول‎, also Romanized as Bājūl; also known as Bājūl-e Shālū) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bajul	Iran
country	Lož (pronounced (ˈloːʃ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Lož	Slovenia
country	Skarbøvik Church (Norwegian: Skarbøvik kyrkje) is a parish church in Ålesund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Skarbøvik Church	Norway
country	Hansholey is a town in the southeastern Middle Shabelle (Shabeellaha Dhexe) province of Somalia.	Hansholey	Somalia
country	Negros Oriental (Filipino: Silangang Negros; Cebuano: Sidlakang Negros), also called Oriental Negros or Eastern Negros, is a province in the Philippines located in the Negros Island region.	Negros Oriental	Philippines
country	Khaneqah-e Khangeh (Persian: خانقاه خانگه‎, also Romanized as Khāneqāh-e Khāngeh; also known as Khāneqāh) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khaneqah-e Khangeh	Iran
country	Tongareva Airport is an airport on Penrhyn Island in the Cook Islands (IATA: PYE, ICAO: NCPY).	Tongareva Airport	Cook Islands
country	Hlinné (Hungarian: Agyagospatak) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Hlinné	Slovakia
country	Name of the Place = Ennayiram Taluk = Vikiravandi District = Villupuram State = Tamil Nadu Country = India Coordinates = 12°7'28``N 79°29'31''E Area = 1 km2 Population = 1000 (2011)	Ennayiram	India
country	Italica (Spanish: Itálica; north of modern-day Santiponce, 9 km NW of Seville, Spain) is a well-preserved Roman city and the birthplace of Roman Emperors Trajan and Hadrian.	Italica	Spain
country	Podpleče (pronounced (pɔtˈplɛːtʃɛ); German: Podpletscham) is a dispersed settlement in the hills east of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Podpleče	Slovenia
country	Andosilla is a town in the province and autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain.	Andosilla	Spain
country	Hasseler Tunnel was a 507 metre tunnel in Saarland, Germany.	Hasseler Tunnel	Germany
country	The Sabakoyu Onsen (鯖湖湯 or ``Mackerel Lake Hot Spring'') in Iizaka, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan is the oldest community onsen in the country.	Sabakoyu Onsen	Japan
country	The National Insurance Contributions Act 2014 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that received Royal Assent on 13 March 2014, after being introduced on 12 October 2013.	National Insurance Contributions Act 2014	United Kingdom
country	Tagbo Falls is a waterfall near Mount Afadjato in Ghana, located at Liati Wote, approximately 27 kilometres east of the township of Hohoe.The water falls down in several stages, with the last stage being about 60 m. high.	Tagbo Falls	Ghana
country	Darreh-ye Dai (Persian: دره دايي‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Dā’ī and Darreh Dā’ī) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Dai	Iran
country	Cherukara is a rural village in Malappuram, Kerala, India.	Cherukara	India
country	ARS Public School is a primary and secondary school located in Bokaro Steel City, Jharkhand, India.	ARS Public School	India
country	The Korean Magazine Museum is a museum in the district of Yeouido in Seoul, South Korea.	Korean Magazine Museum	South Korea
country	Jayezan-e Kohneh (Persian: جايزان كهنه‎, also Romanized as Jāyezān-e Kohneh and Jāyzānkohneh; also known as Jāizān and Jāyezān) is a village in Jayezan Rural District, Jayezan District, Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jayezan-e Kohneh	Iran
country	The Saco River (Maranhão) is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.	Saco River (Maranhão)	Brazil
country	Ubatuba is an important tourist city, receiving tourists from many parts of Brazil.	Ubatuba	Brazil
country	The Ouadi Rimé-Ouadi Achim Faunal Reserve, is located in the Batha administrative region in the center of Chad.	Ouadi Rimé-Ouadi Achim Faunal Reserve	Chad
country	Tago Island is an island in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.	Tago Island	Philippines
country	Flying Nun Records is an independent record label formed in Christchurch, New Zealand in 1981 by music-store manager Roger Shepherd.	Flying Nun Records	New Zealand
country	Baqueira-Beret is a ski resort located in the heart of the Pyrenees, in the Aran Valley and Àneu Valley Lleida, Spain.	Baqueira-Beret	Spain
country	Al-Tamanah (Arabic: التمانعة‎, sometimes spelled al-Taman'ah, al-Tamana’a or al-Teman’a) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively a part of the Maarrat al-Nu'man District of the Idlib Governorate.	Al-Tamanah	Syria
country	Vršíček (431 metres (1,414 ft) above sea level) is a hill in the Czech Republic located in Rokycany District, Plzeň Region some 2.5 kilometres (2 mi) km northwest of Rokycany and 1 kilometre (1 mi) south of village of Litohlavy.	Vršíček	Czech Republic
country	The Skjálfandafljót River is situated in the north of Iceland.	Skjálfandafljót	Iceland
country	The Broughton Peaks are a group of low mountain summits west of the south end of Effingham Inlet, to the north of Bamfield in the Barkley Sound region of the west coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Broughton Peaks	Canada
country	Elephant Nature Park is a sanctuary and rescue centre for elephants in Mae Taeng District, Chiang Mai Province, Northern Thailand, approximately 60 kilometres (37 mi) from Chiang Mai City.	Elephant Nature Park	Thailand
country	Dargocice (darɡɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) (German: Eickstedtswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dargocice	Poland
country	Fertőszentmiklós Airport (ICAO: LHFM), also known as Meidl Airport, is a small airport located in the countryside southwest of Fertőszentmiklós, a city in Győr-Moson-Sopron county, Hungary.	Fertőszentmiklós Airport	Hungary
country	Veľký Lipník (Rusyn: Великый Липник, Ukrainian: Великий Липник, Hungarian: Nagyhársas) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia.	Veľký Lipník	Slovakia
country	The Canton of Trévières is a canton of the Calvados département, in northwestern France.	Canton of Trévières	France
country	Kiełpin-Wymysłowo (ˈkʲɛu̯pin vɨmɨˈswɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kiełpin-Wymysłowo	Poland
country	The Château de Breteuil (previously called the Château de Bevilliers) is a château situated in the Valley of Chevreuse in Yvelines department of France, 35 km (22 mi) to the south-west of Paris.	Château de Breteuil	France
country	Bon Gahar (Persian: بن گهر‎) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District, Ahmadi District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bon Gahar	Iran
country	The Dozo (also Donzo, Bambara for hunter, pl. donzow) are traditional hunters in northern Côte d'Ivoire, southeast Mali, and Burkina Faso, and members of a co-fraternity containing initiated hunters and sons of Dozo, called a Donzo Ton.	Dozo	Mali
country	The Eighteen Touches or Shiba Mo (Chinese: 十八摸) is a traditional Chinese folk song with many variants throughout China.	Eighteen Touches	China
country	Pivotal Games was a video game development studio in the United Kingdom formed in 2000 by ex-employees of Pumpkin Studios.	Pivotal Games	United Kingdom
country	Zelomići (Serbian Cyrillic: Зеломићи) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zelomići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Bukit Kiara Sports Complex or Kompleks Sukan Bukit Kiara is the main sports complex in Bukit Kiara, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Bukit Kiara Sports Complex	Malaysia
country	The People's Park in the Sky also known as simply People's Park is a historical urban park in Tagaytay, Cavite, Philippines.	People's Park in the Sky	Philippines
country	Jalan Batang Kali-Genting Highlands (Selangor state route B66) is a major road in Selangor, Malaysia.	Jalan Batang Kali-Genting Highlands	Malaysia
country	Faculty of Materials Science, Technology and Designe of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom is one of the eight divisions of the Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom, Poland.	Faculty of Materials Science, Technology and Designe of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom	Poland
country	Verlaten Island (Dutch: ``Abandoned'', ``Deserted'' or ``Forsaken''; modern Indonesian: Sertung) is an island in the Sunda Strait in Indonesia, between Java and Sumatra.	Verlaten Island	Indonesia
country	Kildare College is a Roman Catholic secondary college for girls in Holden Hill, South Australia.	Kildare College	Australia
country	The Isis River Bridge is a road bridge over the Isis River south of Childers, Queensland, Australia.	Isis River Bridge	Australia
country	Bugzy-Święchy (ˈbuɡzɨ ˈɕfjɛ̃xɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bugzy-Święchy	Poland
country	Bomadi is an Ijaw local government area in Delta State, Nigeria.	Bomadi	Nigeria
country	Mian Hanziran (Persian: ميان هنزيران‎, also Romanized as Mīān Hanzīrān) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District, Gafr and Parmon District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mian Hanziran	Iran
country	The Copper-Roof Palace (Polish: pałac Pod Blachą) is an 18th-century palace in Warsaw, Poland.	Copper-Roof Palace	Poland
country	Piz Chavalatsch (also known as Monte Cavallaccio) (2,763 m) is a mountain in the Ortler Range of the Alps of eastern Switzerland and northern Italy.	Piz Chavalatsch	Switzerland	Italy
country	Hasan Bagi-ye Rika (Persian: حسن بگي ريکا‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Bagī-ye Rīkā and Ḩasan Bakī-ye Rīkā; also known as Rīkā) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Hasan Bagi-ye Rika	Iran
country	The Grand Italian Trail (Italian: Sentiero Italia) is a 6166-kilometer-long hiking trail that crosses the entire nation of Italy.	Grand Italian Trail	Italy
country	Temsia is a rural commune of Morocco.	Temsia	Morocco
country	The County of Nevers is a historic county of Burgundy in central France.	County of Nevers	France
country	Shiv Sadan is a large farm and spiritual community in Uttar Pradesh, India, on the shores of the Ganges.	Shiv Sadan	India
country	Lukšije (Cyrillic: Лукшије) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Lukšije	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Hengchun Line (Chinese: 恆春線) is a planned branch line of the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line which plans to connect Taiwan's southern capital Kaohsiung to Kenting, a popular tourist destination located in Hengchun.	Hengchun Line	Taiwan
country	Kuhmareh District (Persian: بخش کوهمره‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kuhmareh District	Iran
country	Gertrud Rasch's Church (Danish Gertrud Rasks Kirke) is a white concrete Lutheran church in Qaqortoq, the largest town in southern Greenland.	Gertrud Rasch's Church	Greenland
country	The Benito Juárez National Park is in the Valles Centrales Region of Oaxaca, Mexico, and includes parts of the municipalities of San Felipe Tejalapam and San Andres Huayapan.	Benito Juárez National Park	Mexico
country	Piz Cazarauls (el. 3,063 metres) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps in Switzerland.	Piz Cazarauls	Switzerland
country	Lurcy-Lévis is a commune on the northern limits the Allier department in Auvergne in central France.	Lurcy-Lévis	France
country	Dhansu (Hindi: धांसू) is a village in Hisar, Haryana, India, in Hisar Division.	Dhansu	India
country	Ashaghi Govhar Agha Mosque (Azerbaijani: Aşağı Gövhər ağa məscidi) is an Azerbaijani mosque located in Shusha, Karabakh region of Azerbaijan about 350 km from capital Baku but is currently under control of Armenian forces since the occupation of Shusha on May 8, 1992.	Ashaghi Govhar Agha Mosque	Azerbaijan
country	Ab Gaj (or Abgach) is a village in Badakhshan Province in north-eastern Afghanistan.	Ab Gaj	Afghanistan
country	Trillo Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power station in Spain.	Trillo Nuclear Power Plant	Spain
country	Wolin National Park (Polish: Woliński Park Narodowy) is one of 23 National Parks in Poland, situated on the island of Wolin in the far north-west of the country, in West Pomeranian Voivodeship.	Wolin National Park	Poland
country	Sapwuahfik, formerly Ngatik, or the Raven Islands is a 110 square kilometres (42 sq mi) total area atoll of the Federated States of Micronesia.	Sapwuahfik	Federated States of Micronesia
country	CKDU-FM (88.1 FM, formerly CKDU 97.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting in a campus radio format from the campus of Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.	CKDU-FM	Canada
country	Air Nostrum, Líneas Aéreas del Mediterráneo, S.A., also known as Iberia Regional, is a regional airline based in Valencia, Spain.	Air Nostrum	Spain
country	Nidzica County (Polish: powiat nidzicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland.	Nidzica County	Poland
country	Ardabil Airport (IATA: ADU, ICAO: OITL) is an airport northeast of Ardabil, in northwestern Iran.	Ardabil Airport	Iran
country	Grasøyane Lighthouse (Norwegian: Grasøyane fyr) is a coastal lighthouse in Ulstein Municipality in Møre og Romsdal, Norway.	Grasøyane Lighthouse	Norway
country	al-Shakaba is a community in Al Jazirah state, Sudan.	Shakaba	Sudan
country	The Great Western Railway War Memorial is a monument in London, United Kingdom, to the memory of employees of the Great Western Railway who died during the First World War, and it is situated halfway along platform 1 at London Paddington station.	Great Western Railway War Memorial	United Kingdom
country	FC Korsholm is a football club from Korsholm (Mustasaari), the municipality that surrounds the city of Vaasa, in Finland.	FC Korsholm	Finland
country	Avigdor (Hebrew: אֲבִיגְדוֹר) a small moshav in southern Israel.	Avigdor	Israel
country	Castrillo Mota de Judíos, is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.	Castrillo Mota de Judíos	Spain
country	Chah Shurak (Persian: چاه شورك‎, also Romanized as Chāh Shūrak; also known as Chāh-e Sūrak) is a village in Asir Rural District, Asir District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah Shurak	Iran
country	Sheykhaleh (Persian: شيخله‎; also known as Sheykh ``Alī) is a village in Emam Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 118, in 24 families.	Sheykhaleh	Iran
country	The Séminaire de Sherbrooke, also known as Séminaire Saint-Charles-Borromée, is a private educational institution located in Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada.	Séminaire de Sherbrooke	Canada
country	Arnadi (Greek: Αρναδί, Turkish: Kuzucuk) is a village in Cyprus, located north of Famagusta.	Arnadi	Cyprus
country	Güssing (Hungarian: Németújvár, Német-Újvár, Croatian: Novi Grad) is a town in Burgenland, Austria.	Güssing	Austria
country	Svetega Petra Hrib (pronounced (ˈsʋeːtɛɡa ˈpeːtɾa ˈxɾːip); in older sources also Sveti Peter, German: Sankt Peter im Gebirge) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Svetega Petra Hrib	Slovenia
country	Ústí nad Labem (Czech pronunciation: (ˈuːsciː ˈnad labɛm)), formerly known by its German name Aussig, is the 7th-most populous city of the Czech Republic.	Ústí nad Labem	Czech Republic
country	Wezep Hattemerbroek Combination, commonly known as WHC Wezep, is a football club from Wezep - Hattemerbroek in Gelderland, Netherlands.	WHC Wezep	Netherlands
country	Long Sơn Pagoda (Vietnamese: Chùa Long Sơn) is a Buddhist temple in the city of Nha Trang on South Central Coast of Vietnam.	Long Sơn Pagoda	Vietnam
country	In the United Kingdom, the Citizen Information Project (CIP) was a plan by the Office for National Statistics to build a national population register.	Citizen Information Project	United Kingdom
country	Makrysi (Greek: Μακρύσι, before 1927: Σιάλεσι - Sialesi) is a village and a community in the municipality of Megalopoli, Arcadia, Greece.	Makrysi	Greece
country	Today Pirenópolis is known all over Brazil for its popular festivals, especially the ``Cavalhadas'', introduced in 1826, in which horsemen representing Moors and Christians recreate a battle fought by Charlemagne.	Pirenópolis	Brazil
country	Asklepios Kliniken GmbH is a German hospitals company, one of Germany's three largest operators of private hospitals.	Asklepios Kliniken	Germany
country	Podkogelj (German: Podkogel) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Podkogelj	Slovenia
country	Pengjia Islet (Chinese: 彭佳嶼; pinyin: Péngjiā Yǔ), also known as Agincourt, Dashihshan Islet, Chaolai Islet or Pengchia Islet, is an islet north of Taiwan, and is administered under Zhongzheng District, Keelung City.	Pengjia Islet	Taiwan
country	The Cathedral of Mary, Mother of the Church in Mostar is one of four Roman Catholic cathedrals in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Cathedral of Mary, Mother of the Church	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Le Hocq is an area in the parish of St. Clement, in the south-east of Jersey, Channel Islands.	Le Hocq	Jersey
country	Sechura is a town in northwestern Peru, 50 km south of Piura.	Sechura	Peru
country	Razhniv (Ukrainian: Ражнів) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Razhniv	Ukraine
country	Isla del Trocadero is an island in the Bay of Cádiz, in Andalusia, Spain.	Isla del Trocadero	Spain
country	Dili (Portuguese: Díli) is the capital, largest city, chief port and commercial centre of East Timor.	Dili	East Timor
country	Rezaabad-e Sufian (Persian: رضاابادصوفيان‎, also Romanized as Reẕāābād-e Şūfīān) is a village in Saidabad Rural District, in the Central District of Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Rezaabad-e Sufian	Iran
country	Woźniki (vɔʑˈniki) (German: Woischnik) is a town in Lubliniec County, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland, with 4,420 inhabitants (2004).	Woźniki	Poland
country	Banco Chinchorro is an atoll reef lying off the southeast coast of the Municipality of Othón P. Blanco in Quintana Roo, Mexico, near Belize.	Banco Chinchorro	Mexico
country	As a commune, Panquehue is a third-level administrative division of Chile, administered by a communal council (consejo comunal), which is headed by a directly elected alcalde.	Panquehue	Chile
country	Unguja (also referred to as Zanzibar Island or simply Zanzibar, in Ancient Greek Menuthias, Μενουθιάς - as mentioned in The Periplus of the Erythraean Sea, in Greek: Περίπλους τὴς Ἐρυθράς Θαλάσσης -) is the largest and most populated island of the Zanzibar archipelago, in Tanzania.	Unguja	Tanzania
country	Poggio a Caiano is a town and comune in the province of Prato, Tuscany region Italy.	Poggio a Caiano	Italy
country	As of the 2011 India census Rajnota had a population of 10,157.	Rajnota	India
country	The University of Pannonia (University of Veszprém until March 1, 2006; Hungarian Pannon Egyetem, formerly known as Veszprémi Egyetem) is a university located in Veszprém, Hungary.	University of Pannonia	Hungary
country	Brzeg Głogowski (ˈbʐɛk ɡwɔˈɡɔfski) (German: Brieg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Brzeg Głogowski	Poland
country	Shahrak-e Kazamiyeh (Persian: شهرک کاظميه‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Kāẓamīyeh) is a village in Miankuh Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Kazamiyeh	Iran
country	Neoi Epivates (Greek: Νέοι Επιβάτες) is a small suburban town in northern Greece.	Neoi Epivates	Greece
country	Žīguri parish (Latvian: Žīguru pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Viļaka Municipality, Latvia.	Žīguri parish	Latvia
country	Sinkor is a section of the Monrovia metropolitan area in Liberia.	Sinkor	Liberia
country	Akassa is a settlement at the southernmost tip of Nigeria in Bayelsa State where the Nun River estuary meets the Atlantic Ocean.	Akassa	Nigeria
country	Tavamen Shineh (Persian: توامن شينه‎, also Romanized as Tavāmen Shīneh) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tavamen Shineh	Iran
country	Raftsund Bridge (Raftsundbrua) is a two-lane cantilever road bridge that crosses Raftsundet between Austvågøya and Hinnøya in Nordland county, Norway.	Raftsund Bridge	Norway
country	Semnan University is a prestigious university in Iran located in the city of Semnan, Iran, about 240 km east of Tehran.	Semnan University	Iran
country	Virago Sound is a sound on the north coast of the Graham Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands, British Columbia, Canada, at the entrance to Naden Harbour.	Virago Sound	Canada
country	German submarine U-508 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft yard in Hamburg as yard number 304 on 24 September 1940, launched on 30 July 1941 and commissioned on 20 October with Oberleutnant zur See Georg Staats in command.	German submarine U-508	Germany
country	Tapgol Park, formerly Pagoda Park, is a small (19,599 m²/23,440 yd²/4.84 acre) public park located at 97 Jongno (street), Seoul, South Korea.	Tapgol Park	South Korea
country	Mačkovec pri Suhorju (pronounced (matʃˈkɔːʋəts pri ˈsuːxɔɾju) or (matʃˈkoːvəts pri ˈsuːxɔɾju)) is a small settlement in the foothills of the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Mačkovec pri Suhorju	Slovenia
country	Sheykh Fares (Persian: شيخ فارس‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Fāres) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Fares	Iran
country	Harp Lake is a lake in north-central Labrador, Canada.	Harp Lake	Canada
country	Maja Kokervhake is a mountain in northern Albania, in the Prokletije.	Maja Kokervhake	Albania
country	Donje Žešće (Serbian Cyrillic: Доње Жешће) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donje Žešće	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kamina Airport (IATA: KMN, ICAO: FZSB) is the internal civil airport which is located in and serves the city of Kamina in the southern Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Kamina Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Lubomirka (lubɔˈmirka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Lubomirka	Poland
country	Chitwan National Park (Nepali: चितवन राष्ट्रिय निकुञ्ज; formerly Royal Chitwan National Park) is the first national park in Nepal.	Chitwan National Park	Nepal
country	Receptel started operations in 1992 in Belgium.	Receptel	Belgium
country	Incheon National University (INU), previously also known as University of Incheon (UI), is a national university operated by the legal entity (법인, 法人) established by the government of Republic of Korea (South Korea).	Incheon National University	South Korea
country	Grise Fiord Airport (IATA: YGZ, ICAO: CYGZ) is located in Grise Fiord, Nunavut, Canada, and is operated by the Government of Nunavut.	Grise Fiord Airport	Canada
country	Galleh Kola-ye Kar Kandeh (Persian: گله كلاكاركنده‎, also Romanized as Galleh Kolā-ye Kār Kandeh; also known as Galleh Kolā) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Galleh Kola-ye Kar Kandeh	Iran
country	Ajba (pronounced (ˈaːi̯ba)) is a small village on the right bank of the Soča River in the Municipality of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Ajba	Slovenia
country	Sheykh Salleh (Persian: شيخ صله‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Saleh) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sheykh Salleh	Iran
country	G. Schneider & Sohn is a brewery company in Bavaria, Germany.	G. Schneider & Sohn	Germany
country	The TV Mast Niort-Maisonnay is a 330 metre high guyed mast for TV transmission in Maisonnay, near Niort, France.	TV Mast Niort-Maisonnay	France
country	Rtanj (pronounced (r̩̂ːtaɲ)) is a mountain situated in eastern Serbia, approximately 200 km southeast of Belgrade, between towns of Boljevac on north and Sokobanja on south.	Rtanj	Serbia
country	The Fell Locomotive Museum in Featherston, New Zealand, exhibits the only remaining Fell railway locomotive in the world.	Fell Locomotive Museum	New Zealand
country	Kuokkala Bridge (Finnish: Kuokkalan silta) is a bridge in Jyväskylä, Finland over the lake Jyväsjärvi.	Kuokkala Bridge	Finland
country	The Wadi Sawawin mine is a large mine located in the west of Saudi Arabia in Al Madinah Province.	Wadi Sawawin mine	Saudi Arabia
country	The Masurian Canal (German: Masurischer Kanal, Polish: Kanał Mazurski, Russian: Канал Мазурский) is an unfinished 50.4 km long canal connecting the Lava River in Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia (a tributary of the Pregolya) and Lake Mamry, one of the Masurian Lakes in Poland.	Masurian Canal	Russia
country	Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences (Finnish: Metropolia Ammattikorkeakoulu) is one of the largest and the most international University of Applied Sciences in Finland.	Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences	Finland
country	Espéraza (Occitan: Esperasan) is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.	Espéraza	France
country	Al-Faris is town in Dujail District in the Salah al-Din Governorate in Iraq.	Al-Faris	Iraq
country	Palashi (Bengali: পলাশী Pôlashi, pronounced (pəˈlaːsi)), also known as Plassey, is a village on the Bhagirathi river, located approximately 50 kilometres north of the city of Krishnanagar in the Nadia District of West Bengal, India.	Palashi	India
country	Tangov (also, Tango) is a village in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Tangov	Azerbaijan
country	The Kelana Jaya Line (Malay: Laluan Kelana Jaya) is a light rapid transit (LRT) system network in Klang Valley operated by Rapid Rail, a subsidiary of Prasarana Malaysia.	Kelana Jaya Line	Malaysia
country	Charagua is a small town in the southern part of Bolivia.	Charagua	Bolivia
country	The Hôtel de Marigny is a town house in Paris, France, on the Avenue Marigny, not far from the Elysée Palace.	Hôtel de Marigny	France
country	Qalat Sukkar (Qal`at es Sikar) (Arabic:قلعة سكر ) is a town in the Dhi Qar Governorate, Iraq, located on the Gharraf Canal.	Qalat Sukkar	Iraq
country	Dnopolje (Serbian Cyrillic: Днопоље) is a village in Croatia.	Dnopolje	Croatia
country	The People's Choice Classic, nicknamed the Down Under Classic, is a criterium around Rymill Park in Adelaide, South Australia, Australia.	People's Choice Classic	Australia
country	The Ropotamo (Bulgarian: Ропотамо, from the Ancient Greek word meaning ``border river'') is a relatively short river in southeastern Bulgaria.	Ropotamo	Bulgaria
country	Uzerche (Usercha in Occitan) is a commune in the Corrèze department in the Limousin region of central France.	Uzerche	France
country	Point Whidbey is a headland located at the southern western extremity of both Coffin Bay Peninsula and Avoid Bay on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 34 kilometres (21 mi) west of the town of Coffin Bay.	Point Whidbey	Australia
country	CKOC has the distinction of being the oldest continuously-operating radio station in Canada, on the air since May 1, 1922.	CKOC	Canada
country	Gazund (Persian: گزوند‎, also Romanized as Gazūnd and Gozūnd; also known as Gazand, Garvand, Gazūn, Gazvand, and Kozūn) is a village in Tabas-e Masina Rural District, Gazik District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gazund	Iran
country	Ban Fai (Thai: บ้านฝาย) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Nam Pat District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Ban Fai	Thailand
country	Châteauponsac (Occitan: Chastel Ponçac), also known locally as Château Lorraine, is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France.	Châteauponsac	France
country	Mirzo Rizo (Persian: میرزا رضا ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Mirzo Rizo	Tajikistan
country	Barnes Halt railway station served a location midway between Creeslough and Kilmacrenan in County Donegal, Ireland.	Barnes Halt railway station	Ireland
country	Dobrava pod Rako (pronounced (dɔˈbɾaːʋa pɔd ˈɾaːkɔ)) is a small settlement to the south of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Dobrava pod Rako	Slovenia
country	The Temple of Apollo Sosianus (previously known as the Apollinar and the temple of Apollo Medicus) is a Roman temple dedicated to Apollo in the Campus Martius, next to the Theatre of Marcellus and the Porticus Octaviae, in Rome, Italy.	Temple of Apollo Sosianus	Italy
country	Cagraray is an island located in the province of Albay in the Philippines.	Cagraray	Philippines
country	Virginia Golf Club is a golf course located in Brisbane, Australia.	Virginia Golf Club	Australia
country	Rheinbach is a town in the Rhein-Sieg-Kreis district (Landkreis), in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Rheinbach	Germany
country	Howie Island is an island, with an area of 4.1 ha, in south-eastern Australia.	Howie Island	Australia
country	Iringa Rural District (Wilaya ya Iringa Vijijini) is one of the four districts of the Iringa Region of Tanzania, East Africa.	Iringa Rural District	Tanzania
country	The Frontier Region Bannu (often abbreviated as FR Bannu) is an Important administrative unit in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) of Pakistan.	Frontier Region Bannu	Pakistan
country	Norðragøta, also just referred to as Gøta, is a village on Eysturoy, Faroe Islands.	Norðragøta	Faroe Islands
country	Lake Hood is a man-made recreational lake, located 6 km south-east of Tinwald in the locality of Huntingdon, Canterbury, New Zealand.	Lake Hood	New Zealand
country	The Universidad Tecnológica de Santiago --or Santiago University of Technology (UTESA), is a private, coeducational, university located in the Dominican Republic.	Universidad Tecnológica de Santiago	Dominican Republic
country	The Lebanese Special Operations Command (LSOCOM) (Arabic: قيادة القوات الخاصة اللبنانية‎ Kiyadat al Kouwat al Khasa al Loubnanya) is the joint Special Operations command of the Lebanese Armed Forces which groups Lebanon's elite units.	Lebanese Special Operations Command	Lebanon
country	Kyonpyaw Township (Burmese: ကျုံပျော်မြို့နယ်) is a township of Pathein District in the Ayeyarwady Division of Myanmar.	Kyonpyaw Township	Myanmar
country	Booderee National Park and Botanic Gardens are located in the Jervis Bay Territory of Australia.	Booderee National Park and Botanic Gardens	Australia
country	Yeranos (Armenian: Երանոս; also Romanized), is a major village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Yeranos	Armenia
country	General Lavalle (Ajó) is a town located in the east of the province of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	General Lavalle	Argentina
country	Sar Sur (Persian: سرسور‎, also Romanized as Sar Sūr) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sar Sur	Iran
country	Tougan is a town located in the province of Sourou in Burkina Faso.	Tougan	Burkina Faso
country	The Lacombe Blacksmith Shop Museum is a museum dedicated to blacksmithing in Lacombe, Alberta, Canada.	Lacombe Blacksmith Shop Museum	Canada
country	Fulehuk Lighthouse (Norwegian: Fulehuk fyr) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Nøtterøy in Vestfold, Norway.	Fulehuk Lighthouse	Norway
country	After the decline of the Ancien Régime of Switzerland and the invasion of the French in Bern, the Erlacherhof became the seat of the French general Guillaume Brune in 1798.	Erlacherhof	Switzerland
country	Beeran Gali (also known as Berin Gali or Baran Gali) is a Union Council of Abbottabad District, in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Beeran Gali	Pakistan
country	Perunchani Dam is an irrigation dam at Perunchani, in Kalkulam Taluk, Kanyakumari District, in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Perunchani Dam	India
country	The Nineties at Nine is a popular feature on many commercial radio stations in the United States of America.	The Nineties at Nine	United States of America
country	At its height, Oasisamerica covered part of the present-day Mexican states of Chihuahua, Sonora and Baja California, as well as the U.S. states of Arizona, Utah, New Mexico, Colorado, Nevada, and California.	Oasisamerica	Mexico
country	Vanchikulam (Malayalam: വഞ്ചികുളം) is a freshwater lake in Thrissur city in the Kerala state of India.	Vanchikulam	India
country	Lake Emdrup (Danish: Emdrup Sø) is a lake located on the border between Copenhagen and Gentofte municipalities in the Emdrup area of northern Copenhagen, Denmark.	Lake Emdrup	Denmark
country	Dimane (or Diman, Arabic: الديمان‎) is a mountainous village in the Bsharri District, in the North Governorate of Lebanon.	Dimane	Lebanon
country	Abdullauşağı (also, Abdulla-Ushagi and Abdullaushagy) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Abdullauşağı	Azerbaijan
country	Pietrzyk (ˈpjɛtʂɨk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pietrzyk	Poland
country	The Thur waterfalls are two cascades located on the river Thur approximately ten minutes walking from the village square of Unterwasser in the canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland, The water cascades down from steep rock faces, and on highest point drops from 23 metres (75 ft).	Thur waterfalls	Switzerland
country	Western Technical-Commercial School (WTCS) is a high school in the High Park North neighbourhood of Toronto, Canada.	Western Technical-Commercial School	Canada
country	Grafton Gully is a deep (about 50 m) and very wide (about 100 m) gully running northwards towards the sea through the volcanic hills of the Auckland Volcanic Field in New Zealand.	Grafton Gully	New Zealand
country	The Don Brewery (originally the Don Bridge Brewery, and later the Davies Brewery) was a brewery in Toronto, Canada.	Don Brewery	Canada
country	Vaughan Transit was the transit provider in the town of Vaughan, in southwest York Region, Ontario, Canada.	Vaughan Transit	Canada
country	Åsnen is a large lake in southern Småland, Sweden, roughly 150 km² in size.	Åsnen	Sweden
country	The Executive Council of Quebec (in French, le Conseil exécutif du Québec, but informally and more commonly, the Cabinet of Quebec and in French: le Conseil des ministres) is the cabinet of the government of Quebec, Canada.	Executive Council of Quebec	Canada
country	The Canadian Police Information Centre (CPIC) is the central police database where Canada's law enforcement agencies can access information on a number of matters.	Canadian Police Information Centre	Canada
country	Montebello di Bertona is a comune and town in the province of Pescara, in the Abruzzo region of Italy.	Montebello di Bertona	Italy
country	Mulwala Bridge is a bridge crossing Lake Mulwala, formed by a weir on the Murray River in Australia.	Mulwala Bridge	Australia
country	Hévíz Spa and the Szent András Hospital, Hévíz (St. Andrew's State Hospital for Rheumatology and Rehabilitation) is a spa in Hungary.	Hévíz Spa	Hungary
country	Barkhatnaya Sopka (Russian: Бархатная сопка) is a volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia, along the Paratunka River.	Barkhatnaya Sopka	Russia
country	Khatumo State (Somali: Khaatumo, Arabic: ولاية خاتمة‎), officially the Khatumo State of Somalia (Somali: Dowlad Goboleedka Khaatumo ee Soomaaliya), is an unrecognized region in northern Somalia.	Khatumo State	Somalia
country	Temljine (pronounced (tɛˈmljiːnɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Temljine	Slovenia
country	Moravské zemské muzeum (Moravian Museum in English) is the second largest and oldest museum in the Czech Republic.	Moravské zemské muzeum	Czech Republic
country	Pustyny (pusˈtɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krościenko Wyżne, within Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Pustyny	Poland
country	Nordermeldorf is a borough in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Nordermeldorf	Germany
country	Innherred or Innherad is a traditional district in Nord-Trøndelag county in the central part of Norway.	Innherred	Norway
country	Abbaslı (also, Abbasly) is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Abbaslı	Azerbaijan
country	The Datta Khel airstrike was an American airstrike carried out on 17 March 2011 in Datta Khel, North Waziristan that killed 44 people and led to widespread condemnation in Pakistan.	Datta Khel airstrike	Pakistan
country	Krotoszyce (krɔtɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ) (German: Kroitsch) is a village in Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Krotoszyce	Poland
country	Bakraur, sometimes called Bakrour, is a village located slightly east of Bodh Gaya in the state of Bihar, India.	Bakraur	India
country	Safar Shah (Persian: صفرشاه‎, also Romanized as Şafar Shāh and Şefr Shāh; also known as Gūrājū Şafar Shāh and Kūrāb Şafar Shāh) is a village in Gurani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Safar Shah	Iran
country	Wierzbice-Guzy (vjɛʐˈbit͡sɛ ˈɡuzɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wierzbice-Guzy	Poland
country	Its last known eruption is believed to have occurred around 550 CE. With a peak elevation of 6,268 metres (20,564 ft), Chimborazo is the highest mountain in Ecuador.	Chimborazo	Ecuador
country	Louiseville Airport, (TC LID: CSJ4), is located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) southeast of Louiseville, Quebec, Canada.	Louiseville Airport	Canada
country	Vehmasmäki is a village in the town of Kuopio, Finland.	Vehmasmäki	Finland
country	The Nordic Library at Athens (Greek: Βιβλιοθήκη των Βορείων Χωρών στην Αθήνα) is one of several international archaeological libraries in Athens, Greece.	Nordic Library at Athens	Greece
country	Tomsk Governorate (Russian: Томская губерния) was an administrative division (a guberniya) of the Russian Empire, located in Siberia.	Tomsk Governorate	Russian Empire
country	The Water and Rivers Commission is a defunct agency of the Government of Western Australia.	Water and Rivers Commission	Australia
country	Le Crêt de la Neige is the highest peak in the Jura Mountains and the department of Ain in France.	Crêt de la Neige	France
country	Ihitte Ogwa is a village in southeastern Nigeria located near the city of Owerri.	Ihitte Ogwa	Nigeria
country	Toronto and Region Islamic Congregation, commonly referred to by its acronym as TARIC Islamic Center is one of the largest and oldest Islamic Centers in the city of Toronto, Canada.	Toronto and Region Islamic Congregation	Canada
country	Sasthamangalam is a place in the city of Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum), Kerala, India.	Sasthamangalam	India
country	Cimoszka (t͡ɕiˈmɔʂka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Cimoszka	Poland
country	Smojmirovo (Macedonian: Смојмирово) is a village in the Berovo Municipality of Macedonia.	Smojmirovo	Macedonia
country	Kal Zarkesh (Persian: كال زركش‎, also Romanized as Kāl Zarḵesh) is a village in Tus Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kal Zarkesh	Iran
country	Behbud (Persian: بهبود‎, also Romanized as Behbūd) is a village in Nargesan Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Behbud	Iran
country	Lake Volvi (Greek: Λίμνη Βόλβη, modern: Limni Vólvi) is located in the root of the Chalkidiki peninsula, in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Greece.	Lake Volvi	Greece
country	The Moonee Valley Racing Club (MVRC) is located at the Moonee Valley racecourse on McPherson Street, Moonee Ponds (a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia).	Moonee Valley Racing Club	Australia
country	The Xuchang East Railway Station (Chinese: 许昌东站) is a railway station of the Shiwu Passenger Railway located in Xuchang City, Henan Province, People's Republic of China.	Xuchang East Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Klerkskraal Dam is a combined gravity and arch type dam located on the Mooi River, near Ventersdorp, North West, South Africa.	Klerkskraal Dam	South Africa
country	Bandar Sultan Suleiman is a township in Port Klang, Selangor, Malaysia located near Northport.	Bandar Sultan Suleiman	Malaysia
country	The Beulah Speckled Face is a breed of domestic sheep originating in the United Kingdom.	Beulah Speckled Face	United Kingdom
country	Mount Dowe is a mountain in the North West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia.	Mount Dowe	Australia
country	Lega Padana (Padanian League) is a Padanist and separatist political party active mainly in Piedmont, Italy.	Lega Padana	Italy
country	Małacentów (mawaˈt͡sɛntuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Małacentów	Poland
country	XHUPC-FM also known as El Politécnico en Radio, is a radio station located in Mexico City, operated by the Superior School of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering (ESIME) Culhuacán, one of the schools of the Instituto Politécnico Nacional.	XHUPC-FM	Mexico
country	Innogenetics N.V. (now Fujirebio Europe N.V.) is an international in vitro diagnostics (IVD) company, with headquarters in Ghent, Belgium.	Innogenetics	Belgium
country	The Paleontological Museum in Tocuila is located on the street 16 de Septiembre between streets Morelos and Benito Juárez in the community of San Miguel Tocuila, Texcoco, Mexico State, Mexico.	Paleontological Museum in Tocuila	Mexico
country	Quzumkənd (Armenian: Քերթ, Kert) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Quzumkənd	Azerbaijan
country	Wąchock (ˈvɔ̃xɔt͡sk) is a town in Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, Poland, near Starachowice.	Wąchock	Poland
country	The University of the Punjab, Khanspur (also referred to as Punjab University, Jhelum campus or PUJC) (Urdu: جامعہ پنجاب، خانسپور‎) is a public research university in Khanspur, Punjab, Pakistan.	University of the Punjab, Khanspur	Pakistan
country	Jogandabhavi (Kannada: ) is a panchayat village in Shorapur taluka of Yadgir district in Karnataka state, India.	Jogandabhavi	India
country	Barnato Park High School is a co-educational school located in Berea, Johannesburg, South Africa.	Barnato Park High School	South Africa
country	Uralo-Kavkaz (Ukrainian: Урало-Кавказ, Russian: Урало-Кавказ) is an urban-type settlement in Krasnodon Municipality in the southeastern part of Luhansk Oblast, Ukraine.	Uralo-Kavkaz	Ukraine
country	Cape Mudge Lighthouse is located on Quadra Island which is off the coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Cape Mudge Lighthouse	Canada
country	Exmouth Peninsula also known as Promontorio Exmouth is a peninsula in southern Chile, located at approximately 49 degrees south and 74 degrees west, near Puerto Edén.	Exmouth Peninsula	Chile
country	Gamla stan (Swedish: (ˈɡamːˈla ˈstɑːn), The Old Town), until 1980 officially Staden mellan broarna (The Town between the Bridges), is the old town of Stockholm, Sweden.	Gamla stan	Sweden
country	Sagiada (Greek: Σαγιάδα) is a village and a former municipality in Thesprotia, Epirus, Greece.	Sagiada	Greece
country	Świecie County (Polish: powiat świecki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland.	Świecie County	Poland
country	Dortmunder Hansa refers to a number of beers from Dortmund, Germany, brewed by Dortmunder Hansa Brewery, a division of Dortmunder Actien Brauerei.	Dortmunder Actien Brauerei	Germany
country	Pavelló Club Joventut Badalona (also known as Pavelló dels Països Catalans) is an indoor arena located in Badalona, Catalonia, Spain.	Pavelló Club Joventut Badalona	Spain
country	Montesclaros High School is located in the town of Reinosa, Cantabria, a region in the North of Spain.	Montesclaros High School	Spain
country	Tighab (Persian: تيغاب‎, also Romanized as Tīghāb; also known as Tegha and Tūghāb) is a village in Paskuh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tighab	Iran
country	Solnahallen is a basketball arena in Solna Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden which holds about 2,000 people.	Solnahallen	Sweden
country	Čiginj (pronounced (tʃiˈɡiːn)) is a settlement south of Volče in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Čiginj	Slovenia
country	In ancient geography, the Ligures Baebiani were a settlement of Ligurians in Samnium, Italy.	Ligures Baebiani	Italy
country	Lashtu (Persian: لشتو‎, also Romanized as Lashtū; also known as Lashtoon) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lashtu	Iran
country	The Tanjung Kling Power Station is one of the oldest power stations operating in Malaysia, located in Tanjung Kling, Melaka.	Tanjung Kling Power Station	Malaysia
country	Dessie Zuria (Amharic ``Greater Dessie Area'') is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia.	Dessie Zuria	Ethiopia
country	Sauka parish (Latvian: Saukas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Viesīte Municipality, Latvia.	Sauka parish	Latvia
country	Dalheim (Luxembourgish: Duelem) is a commune and town in south-eastern Luxembourg.	Dalheim	Luxembourg
country	Hudson, Quebec, Canada, is an off-island suburb of Montreal, with a population of 5,135 (2006 Census).	Hudson, Quebec	Canada
country	Sácama (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsakama)) is a town and municipality in the Department of Casanare, Colombia.	Sácama	Colombia
country	The Point of Sangomar is a sand spit located on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the Saloum Delta, which marks the end of the Petite Côte west of Senegal.	Point of Sangomar	Senegal
country	Salses-le-Château or just Salses is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Salses-le-Château	France
country	Majene Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Majene) is one of the five regencies which comprise West Sulawesi Province, Indonesia, on the island of Sulawesi.	Majene Regency	Indonesia
country	Ünye (Oenòe, Οινόη in ancient Greek) is a large town and district of Ordu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey, 76 km west of the city of Ordu.	Ünye	Turkey
country	Clinton Plaza was a thriving but short-lived nightlife district in Bangkok, Thailand, on Sukhumvit Road between Soi 13 and Soi 15.	Clinton Plaza	Thailand
country	Domah or Doma is a mandal in Rangareddi district of Telangana, India.	Domah	India
country	Stenkumla Church (Swedish: Stenkumla kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church on the island of Gotland, Sweden.	Stenkumla Church	Sweden
country	Besora Castle is a castle located in the Vall de Lord, in the municipality of Santa Maria de Besora, between Navès and the Serra de Busa, in the comarca of Solsonès in the province of Lleida, Catalonia, Spain.	Besora Castle	Spain
country	Hammerstein Schwebebahn Station is a railstation in Germany.	Hammerstein Schwebebahn Station	Germany
country	Licey al Medio is a municipality (municipio) of the Santiago province in the Dominican Republic.	Licey al Medio	Dominican Republic
country	The historic Moose Jaw Court House building is located in downtown Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Moose Jaw Court House	Canada
country	Khirki Urqu (Quechua khirki armadillo, urqu mountain, ``armadillo mountain'', ,hispanicized spelling Querque Orjo) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 m (16,404 ft) high.	Khirki Urqu	Peru
country	The Interactive Institute (also known as Interactive Institute Swedish ICT) is an experimental research institute in the fields of information and communications technology, interaction design, and visualization, operating in Sweden.	The Interactive Institute	Sweden
country	Pertoča (pronounced (ˈpɛːɾtɔtʃa); in older sources also Prtoča, Hungarian: Perestó, German: St. Helena, Prekmurje Slovene: Pertoče) is a village in the municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Pertoča	Slovenia
country	Naryn Airport (Kyrgyz: Нарын аэропорту, Russian: Нарынский аэропорт) (IATA: none (НЫН), ICAO: UAFN) is an airport serving Naryn, a city in Naryn Province (oblast) of Kyrgyzstan.	Naryn Airport	Kyrgyzstan
country	Čelovnik (pronounced (tʃɛlɔu̯ˈniːk)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Loka pri Zidanem Mostu in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Čelovnik	Slovenia
country	Moghar (Persian: مغار‎, also Romanized as Moghār) is a village in Vargahan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Moghar	Iran
country	Maleme (Greek: Μάλεμε) is a small village and military airport 16 km (9.9 mi) to the west of Chania, in North Western Crete, Greece.	Maleme	Greece
country	Dang Wangi is an area in the city centre of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia situated north from the Dataran Merdeka, next to Bukit Nanas and located between the Gombak and Klang Rivers.	Dang Wangi	Malaysia
country	DR-6 is a designated dual-carriageway highway in the Dominican Republic and gives Santo Domingo a fast connection to the southwestern part of the republic bypassing the city of Bajos de Haina, and San Cristobal.	DR-6	Dominican Republic
country	Bohinjska Bela (pronounced (bɔˈxiːnska ˈbeːla)) is a village in the Municipality of Bled in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Bohinjska Bela	Slovenia
country	Nymindegab lies in Southwest Jutland, Denmark, and is a former fishing village by the former outflow at the southern end of Ringkøbing Fjord.	Nymindegab	Denmark
country	Radomice Pierwsze (radɔˈmit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Radomice Pierwsze	Poland
country	The Canadian Thoroughbred Horse Society (CTHS) is an organization headquartered in Toronto, Canada that was founded in 1906 to assist Thoroughbred horse breeders.	Canadian Thoroughbred Horse Society	Canada
country	Chakudar (Persian: چكودر‎, also Romanized as Chakūdar) is a village in Marzdaran Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chakudar	Iran
country	The 1925 UCI Road World Championships took place in Apeldoorn, the Netherlands on 22 August 1925.	1925 UCI Road World Championships	Netherlands
country	Skadovsk (Ukrainian: Скадовськ, translit. Skadovs’k) is a port city on the Black Sea in the Kherson Oblast (province) of southern Ukraine.	Skadovsk	Ukraine
country	Halton High School is a coeducational, private university/college preparatory secondary school in the city of Toronto, Canada.	Halton High School	Canada
country	Wola Więcławska (ˈvɔla vjɛnt͡sˈwafska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wola Więcławska	Poland
country	Belebathan is a census town under Raniganj police station of Asansol subdivision in Barddhaman district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Belebathan	India
country	Kostrzyn (ˈkɔstʂɨn) (German: Kostschin) is a town in Poland, in the Greater Poland Voivodeship, with 8,398 inhabitants (2004).	Kostrzyn	Poland
country	Uerikon (also spelled Ürikon) is a village near Rapperswil, Switzerland.	Uerikon	Switzerland
country	Manglerud is a borough in the Østensjø district of Oslo, Norway.	Manglerud	Norway
country	Majlis Perbandaran Tawau (MPT) or Tawau Municipal Council is the municipal council which administrates the town and municipalities area of Tawau in the state of Sabah, Malaysia.	Tawau Municipal Council	Malaysia
country	Tabor Mountain Ski Resort, also known as Tabor Mountain Alpine Resort, is a ski resort located 20 km (12 mi) east of Prince George, British Columbia, Canada, adjacent to BC Hwy 16 on Mount Tabor.	Tabor Mountain Ski Resort	Canada
country	Szumiłowo (ʂumiˈwɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Chełmiński, within Grudziądz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Szumiłowo	Poland
country	Vessu has a literacy rate of more than 70℅(Census of India, 2011).	Vessu	India
country	Bom Princípio do Piauí is a municipality in the state of Piauí in the Northeast region of Brazil.	Bom Princípio do Piauí	Brazil
country	Revolutionary Anti-Racist Action or Revolutionaire Anti-Racistische Actie, often abbreviated RaRa was a Dutch Revolutionary group, although in the Netherlands the group was called a 'political violent activist'-group.	Revolutionary Anti-Racist Action	Netherlands
country	Wulmstorf (Low German: Wulmsdörp) is a village in the municipality Neu Wulmstorf in the district Harburg in the north east of Lower Saxony, Germany.	Wulmstorf	Germany
country	Visselhövede (German pronunciation: (fɪsəlˈhøːvədə)) is a town in the district of Rotenburg in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Visselhövede	Germany
country	Gary Allan High School (GAHS) is a public secondary school located in Halton Region, Ontario, Canada.	Gary Allan High School	Canada
country	Stary Gózd (ˈstarɨ ˈɡust) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stary Gózd	Poland
country	Labweh (Arabic: اللبوة‎), Laboué, Labwe or Al-Labweh is a village at an elevation of 950 metres (3,120 ft) on a foothill of the Anti-Lebanon mountains in the Baalbek District of Lebanon.	Labweh	Lebanon
country	Yong'an (Chinese: 永安; pinyin: Yǒng'ān; Wade--Giles: Yung-an) is a county-level city in west-central Fujian province, People's Republic of China.	Yong'an	People's Republic of China
country	Arichuwa (Aymara or Quechua for a kind of potatoes, hispanicized spellings Arechua, Arichua) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru, about 5,150 metres (16,896 ft) high.	Arichuwa	Peru
country	Fair Isle is the most remote inhabited island in the United Kingdom.	Fair Isle	United Kingdom
country	Kebdana is a Riffian tribe of Berber origin that lives in the Rif mountainous region of northern Morocco, at east of the city of Nador.	Kebdana	Morocco
country	Valdemarsvik Municipality (Valdemarsviks kommun) is a municipality in Östergötland County in southeast Sweden.	Valdemarsvik Municipality	Sweden
country	The Bratislava City Gallery (Slovak: Galéria mesta Bratislava, abbr. GMB) is a gallery located in Bratislava, Slovakia, in the Old Town.	Bratislava City Gallery	Slovakia
country	Eschweiler (German pronunciation: (ˈɛʃvaɪlɐ)) is a municipality in the district of Aachen in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany on the river Inde, near the German-Belgian-Dutch frontier, and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Aachen and 50 kilometres (31 mi) west of Cologne.	Eschweiler	Germany
country	The Milan Planetarium (in Italian, Planetario di Milano) is the largest and most important planetarium in Italy.	Planetario di Milano	Italy
country	Mehrabadu (Persian: مهرابادو‎, also Romanized as Mehrābādū; also known as Mehrābād) is a village in Sofla Rural District, Zavareh District, Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Mehrabadu	Iran
country	Porto Santo Golfe is a 27-hole golf club on scenic Porto Santo Island, in Madeira, Portugal.	Porto Santo Golfe	Portugal
country	The Parish of the Holy Sacrifice, also the Church of the Holy Sacrifice, is a landmark Catholic chapel in the University of the Philippines Diliman.	Parish of the Holy Sacrifice	Philippines
country	Gamsfeld (2,027 m) is a mountain in Salzburg, Austria.	Gamsfeld	Austria
country	Dusheti (Georgian: დუშეთი) is a town in Georgia, the administrative center of Dusheti Municipality, situated in the Mtskheta-Mtianeti region, 54 km northeast of the nation's capital of Tbilisi.	Dusheti	Georgia
country	Neitsijärv is a lake of Estonia's southern district of Valga.	Neitsijärv	Estonia
country	Gavieze parish (Latvian: Gaviezes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Grobiņa Municipality, Latvia.	Gavieze parish	Latvia
country	Pełele (pɛˈwɛlɛ), (Lithuanian: Peleliai), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Pełele	Poland
country	Fixin is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne region on the Grand Crus route in eastern France.	Fixin	France
country	Dewadaru Airport (IATA: KWB, ICAO: WARU) is an airport serving Karimun Java, an archipelago in Central Java province of Indonesia.	Dewadaru Airport	Indonesia
country	Glasgow (/ˈɡlɑːzɡoʊ, ˈɡlæ-, -s-/ GLA(H)Z-goh, GLA(H)S-goh; Scots: Glesga; Scottish Gaelic: Glaschu (ˈkl̪ˠas̪xu)) is the largest city in Scotland, and the third largest in the United Kingdom (after London and Birmingham).	Glasgow	United Kingdom
country	Maguwo was a landing ground on the eastern outskirts of Yogyakarta, Java, Indonesia which was in use in the 1940s .	Maguwo	Indonesia
country	Rusyliv Falls (Ukrainian: Русилівські водоспади) is located on the Rusyliv river in the Buchach Raion, Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine, a few km to the east from village of Rusyliv.	Rusyliv Falls	Ukraine
country	The Capital Hoedown is an annual outdoor music festival that takes place the second weekend of August in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Capital Hoedown	Canada
country	Nowy Szelków (ˈnɔvɨ ˈʂɛlkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Szelków	Poland
country	Lovere is a town and comune in the province of Bergamo, in Lombardy, Italy, at the northwest end of Lake Iseo.	Lovere	Italy
country	Chefe Aquimo is a village in Ancuabe District in Cabo Delgado Province in northeastern Mozambique.	Chefe Aquimo	Mozambique
country	Čirčiče (pronounced (ˈtʃiːɾtʃitʃɛ); German: Zirtschitsch) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Čirčiče	Slovenia
country	İkinci Əlicanlı (also, İkinci Alıcanlı, Alidzhanly Vtoryye, Alydzhanly, Alydzhanly Vtoroy, and Alydzhanly Vtoroye) is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İkinci Əlicanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Hunton Park is a large country house and estate in Abbots Langley, in south west Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom.	Hunton Park	United Kingdom
country	The Nonne (also Nonnenstein) is a roughly 18 m high, isolated standing, sandstone rock and climbing peak in Saxon Switzerland in Germany.	Nonne	Germany
country	The Museo de las Casas Reales (English: Museum of the Royal Houses) is one of the important cultural monuments built during the colonial era in Hispaniola, now the Dominican Republic.	Museo de las Casas Reales	Dominican Republic
country	The Landgericht Berlin is the largest Landgericht in Germany, with about 900 employees.	Landgericht Berlin	Germany
country	The NightRider was a network of bus services in Melbourne, Australia.	NightRider	Australia
country	Lorca-Sutullena railway station is a station in Lorca, Spain.	Lorca-Sutullena railway station	Spain
country	Nozhay-Yurt (Russian: Ножай-Юрт; Chechen: Ножи-Koрт) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Nozhay-Yurtovsky District of the Chechen Republic, Russia.	Nozhay-Yurt	Russia
country	Taiping Hospital or formerly known as Yong Wah Hospital was the first hospital established in Malaysia.	Taiping Hospital	Malaysia
country	Lake Chiuta is a shallow lake on the border between Malawi and Mozambique.	Lake Chiuta	Malawi
country	The Sopoćani monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Сопоћани) (pronounced (sǒpotɕani)), an endowment of King Stefan Uroš I of Serbia, was built in the second half of the 13th century, near the source of the Raška River in the region of Ras, the centre of the Serbian medieval state.	Sopoćani	Serbia
country	Ečka (Serbian Cyrillic: Ечка, Serbian pronunciation: (êtʃka)) is a village located in the Zrenjanin municipality, in the Central Banat District of Serbia.	Ečka	Serbia
country	The Château de Creully is an 11th- and 12th-century castle located in the town of Creully in the Calvados département of France.	Château de Creully	France
country	Qarqin is a town located in the northern part of Qarqin District, Jowzjan Province, Afghanistan at 37.4128°N 66.0472°E at 249 m altitude on the southern bank of the Amu Darya River.	Qarqin	Afghanistan
country	Pukaha Mount Bruce Wildlife Centre is a wildlife restoration centre at a protected forest area on State Highway 2 in New Zealand's Tararua district.	Mount Bruce Wildlife Centre	New Zealand
country	Ma'ayan Baruch (Hebrew: מַעְיַן בָּרוּךְ, lit. Blessed Spring) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Ma'ayan Baruch	Israel
country	Vlašim (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvlaʃɪm); German: Wlaschim) is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Vlašim	Czech Republic
country	The Alphonse Group belong to the Outer Islands of the Seychelles, lying in the southwest of the island nation, 403 kilometres southwest the capital, Victoria, on Mahé Island.	Alphonse Group	Seychelles
country	The Fenerbahçe Lighthouse (Turkish: Fenerbahçe Feneri), a historical lighthouse still in use, is located on the northern coast of Sea of Marmara at Fenerbahçe neighborhood of Kadıköy district in Istanbul, Turkey.	Fenerbahçe Lighthouse	Turkey
country	Suluan is a small island barangay in the Philippines, in the province of Eastern Samar.	Suluan	Philippines
country	Markeh Mahalleh (Persian: معركه محله‎, also Romanized as Markeh Maḩalleh; also known as Markī Maḩalleh) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Markeh Mahalleh	Iran
country	The Lanark Hydro Electric Scheme is the first of its kind in the United Kingdom to produce a clean renewable energy, using water from the falls Clyde to power homes and meet the demand for electricity after WWI.	Lanark Hydro Electric Scheme	United Kingdom
country	The Women's National Cricket League (WNCL) is the national competition for women's cricket in Australia.	Women's National Cricket League	Australia
country	Sir Captain Charles Kirkconnell International Airport (IATA: CYB, ICAO: MWCB) is an airport located on Cayman Brac, Cayman Islands.	Charles Kirkconnell International Airport	Cayman Islands
country	Tircan (also, Tirdzhan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan, a nation bordered by Iran, Russia, Georgia, and Armenia.	Tircan	Azerbaijan
country	Charing Cross Hospital is an acute general teaching hospital located in Hammersmith, London, United Kingdom.	Charing Cross Hospital	United Kingdom
country	Andriambavontsona (also Andribavontsona or Andrimbavontsona) is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar.	Andriambavontsona	Madagascar
country	Ennedi Region was a former region of Chad.	Ennedi Region	Chad
country	War Museum of Chania is a museum in Chania, Crete, Greece, annex of the War Museum of Athens.	War Museum of Chania	Greece
country	The Swedish Film Institute supports Swedish filmmaking and allocates grants for production, distribution and public showing of Swedish films in Sweden.	Swedish Film Institute	Sweden
country	Nanyang University (Chinese: 南洋大学, abbreviated Nantah, 南大) was a university in Singapore from 1956 to 1980.	Nanyang University	Singapore
country	Chaitén Airfield (Spanish: Aeródromo Chaitén, IATA: WCH, ICAO: SCTN) is a public use airport located near Chaitén, Los Lagos, Chile.	Chaitén Airfield	Chile
country	Dast-e Khezr (Persian: دستخضر‎, also Romanized as Dast-e Kheẕr; also known as Kheẕr) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dast-e Khezr	Iran
country	Trachselwald Castle (German: Schloss Trachselwald) is a castle in the municipality of Trachselwald in the canton of Bern, Switzerland.	Trachselwald Castle	Switzerland
country	Inokovka (Russian: Иноковка) is a settlement in Rzhaksinsky District of Tambov Oblast, Russia.	Inokovka	Russia
country	Hovsta is a locality and a parish situated in Örebro Municipality, Örebro County, Sweden with 2,785 inhabitants in 2010.	Hovsta	Sweden
country	Magusipol Island (variously Magusipal) is an uninhabited islet in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.	Magusipol Island	Philippines
country	Lindwedel is a municipality in the administrative division of Schwarmstedt, in the Heidekreis region of Lower Saxony, Germany.	Lindwedel	Germany
country	Prince Edward Air Ltd. is an airline formerly headquartered in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Prince Edward Air	Canada
country	The Tes River (Mongolian: Тэс гол; Tyvan: Тес-Хем) is a river in northwestern Mongolia and southern Tuva, Russia.	Tes River	Mongolia	Russia
country	Venkojipalem is a locality in Visakhapatanam City in Andhra Pradesh State, India.	Venkojipalem	India
country	Baicheng (Chinese: 白城; pinyin: Báichéng; literally: ``White City'') is a prefecture-level city in the northwestern part of Jilin province, People's Republic of China, bordering Inner Mongolia to the north and west and Heilongjiang to the east and northeast.	Baicheng	People's Republic of China
country	The Rossbode Glacier (German: Rossbodegletscher) is a 3.5 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Rossbode Glacier	Switzerland
country	The Vélodrome de Vincennes (officially Vélodrome Jacques Anquetil - La Cipale) is a cycling stadium in the Bois de Vincennes, Paris, France.	Vélodrome de Vincennes	France
country	Aussonce is a French commune in the Ardennes department in the Champagne-Ardenne region of north-eastern France.	Aussonce	France
country	Osiecza Pierwsza (ɔˈɕɛt͡ʂa ˈpjɛrfʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Osiecza Pierwsza	Poland
country	San Jorge Lake is a lake in the Guarayos Province/Marbán Province, Beni Department, Bolivia.	San Jorge Lake	Bolivia
country	Rørvika (or Rørvik) is a village in the municipality of Rissa in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Rørvika	Norway
country	The Erfurt Stadtbahn is a light rail (German: Stadtbahn) network that is the basic public transit system of Erfurt, the capital Thuringia in Germany.	Erfurt Stadtbahn	Germany
country	Key Island, with the adjacent Key Reef, is a granite island, with an area of 6 ha, in south-eastern Australia.	Key Island	Australia
country	Kanteerava Indoor Stadium, also known as the Sree or Sri Kanteerava Indoor Stadium, is an indoor sporting arena located in Bangalore, India, near Cubbon Park, within the heart of city in the Central Administrative Area.	Kanteerava Indoor Stadium	India
country	Hathiwind, also known as Hathi Pind, is a village in the Sargodha District of Punjab province, Pakistan.	Hathiwind	Pakistan
country	Jangan-gu, established on July 1, 1988, is the northern district of the city of Suwon in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Jangan-gu	South Korea
country	Krzywice-Kolonia (kʂɨˈvʲit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Krzywice-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Castle of Melfi in Basilicata is a monument owned by the Italian State and one of the most important medieval castles in Southern Italy.	Castle of Melfi	Italy
country	Thalaiyar Falls, also known as Rat Tail Falls is located in the Palani Hills of Dindigul District, Tamil Nadu State, South India.	Thalaiyar Falls	India
country	Mondorf-les-Bains (Luxembourgish: Munneref, German: Bad Mondorf) is a commune and town in south-eastern Luxembourg.	Mondorf-les-Bains	Luxembourg
country	Alicún de Ortega is a city located at the province of Granada, Spain.	Alicún de Ortega	Spain
country	Guyzheh-ye Bala (Persian: گويژه بالا‎, also Romanized as Gūyzheh-ye Bālā) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Guyzheh-ye Bala	Iran
country	Mazraeh-ye Molla Hadi (Persian: مزرعه ملاهادي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Mollā Hādī) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Molla Hadi	Iran
country	The County of Tanjil (sometimes spelled Tangil) is one of the 37 counties of Victoria which are part of the cadastral divisions of Australia, used for land titles.	County of Tanjil	Australia
country	Kadod is a town located in the Bardoli Tehsil of Surat District, Gujarat state, India and situated on the bank of the Tapti River.	Kadod	India
country	Universitas Siswa Bangsa Internasional (also known by the acronym USBI), or Sampoerna University, is an international university located in Jakarta, Indonesia.	Universitas Siswa Bangsa Internasional	Indonesia
country	Obere Aller is a Verbandsgemeinde (``collective municipality'') in the Börde district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Obere Aller	Germany
country	The Longai River is a trans-boundary river in India and Bangladesh.	Longai River	India	Bangladesh
country	Old Kea (Cornish: Lanndege) is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Old Kea	United Kingdom
country	Lake Zug (German: Zugersee) is a lake in Central Switzerland, situated between Lake Lucerne and Lake Zurich.	Lake Zug	Switzerland
country	The Pech River (Pashto: پېچ سيند‎) is located in eastern Afghanistan.	Pech River	Afghanistan
country	East West Bus Company is a privately owned bus operator in Melbourne, Australia.	East West Bus Company	Australia
country	Neshuro is an administrative center for Mwenezi District in Masvingo Province, south-eastern Zimbabwe.	Neshuro	Zimbabwe
country	An Area redevelopment plan is an urban planning designation created by municipalities in Alberta, Canada for the purposes of facilitating development in specific geographic areas.	Area redevelopment plan	Canada
country	Omereque is a location in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia.	Omereque	Bolivia
country	Technology Park Bentley is Australia's second oldest technology park.	Technology Park Bentley	Australia
country	Sunset Hospital is a former hospital and aged care facility located in Dalkeith, Western Australia.	Sunset Hospital	Australia
country	Lançon-Provence (also known as Lançon-de-Provence) is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France.	Lançon-Provence	France
country	Dobramyśl (dɔˈbramɨɕl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dobramyśl	Poland
country	Loisey-Culey is a former commune in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Loisey-Culey	France
country	Bab Torsh (Persian: بابترش‎, also Romanized as Bāb Torsh and Bāb-e Torsh; also known as Darreh Torsh and Darreh Tursh) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab Torsh	Iran
country	Termas del Daymán (which means Hot Springs of Daymán) is a resort and populated centre in the Salto Department of northwestern Uruguay.	Termas del Daymán	Uruguay
country	Cabots Landing Provincial Park is a small picnic and beach park on the shore of Aspy Bay in the community of Sugarloaf, 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the Cabot Trail on Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Cabots Landing Provincial Park	Canada
country	Sveti Grgur (Croatian pronunciation: (svȇtī gr̂guːr), Italian: San Gregorio) is an uninhabited island in Croatia, on the Adriatic Sea between Rab and Krk.	Sveti Grgur	Croatia
country	Maksutlu Dam is a dam in Turkey.	Maksutlu Dam	Turkey
country	Konyan is a historical region located in the Nzérékoré Region of Guinea.	Konyan	Guinea
country	Leshniv (Ukrainian: Лешнів) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Leshniv	Ukraine
country	Tarcze (ˈtart͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tarcze	Poland
country	Pickwick Cricket Club is a Barbados cricket club.	Pickwick Cricket Club	Barbados
country	Navegantes is a coastal and tourist city located in Santa Catarina state, southern Brazil.	Navegantes	Brazil
country	Marsella is a town and municipality in the Department of Risaralda, Colombia.	Marsella	Colombia
country	Line-crosser is a Dutch concept from World War II. The name is used to refer to 21 people, mostly from Werkendam, who during the last months of the war maintained a secret connection between occupied and liberated Netherlands across the Biesbosch and the Merwede.	Line-crosser	Netherlands
country	Bad Nenndorf is a small town in the district of Schaumburg, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Bad Nenndorf	Germany
country	Aversa Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Aversa, Cattedrale di San Paolo) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Aversa in the province of Caserta, Campania, Italy.	Aversa Cathedral	Italy
country	Bossonnens (Arpitan: Bossounin ) is a municipality in the district of Veveyse in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Bossonnens	Switzerland
country	Hwange District is an administrative district in northwestern Zimbabwe, in southern Africa.	Hwange District	Zimbabwe
country	DN6 (Romanian: Drumul Naţional 6) is a national road in Romania which links Bucharest with the Banat region in the western part of the country and further to the East-European capitals Budapest and Belgrade.	DN6	Romania
country	Pelwadiya (පැල්වාඩිය) is a village situated in the Sabaragamuwa Province of southwestern Sri Lanka.	Pelwadiya	Sri Lanka
country	Yanfolila Cercle is an administrative subdivision of the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Yanfolila Cercle	Mali
country	Niskajärvi is a lake located in Kouvola municipality, in Eastern Finland.	Niskajärvi	Finland
country	The Wolverton to Newport Pagnell Line was a railway branch line in Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom running from Wolverton on the London and North Western Railway (LNWR) (today's West Coast Main Line) to Newport Pagnell.	Wolverton to Newport Pagnell Line	United Kingdom
country	The Kanashen (or Konashen) Community Owned Conservation (COCA) is Guyana's first community-owned area that is legally protected; it is primarily inhabited by the Wai-Wai indigenous group.	Kanashen	Guyana
country	Agios Alexandros (Greek: Άγιος Αλέξανδρος) is a settlement in the northeastern part of the Aegean island of Lemnos, Greece.	Agios Alexandros	Greece
country	Halfway Islet is a small island in the Boydong cays, Shelburne Bay in far north Queensland, Australia about 100 km north of Cape Grenville, Cape York Peninsula in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Queensland, Australia.	Halfway Islet	Australia
country	Vivel del Río Martín is a municipality located in Cuencas Mineras, Teruel Province, Aragon, Spain.	Vivel del Río Martín	Spain
country	Kovno Governorate (Russian: Ковенская губеpния or Kovenskaja gubernija; Lithuanian: Kauno gubernija) or Government of Kaunas was a governorate (guberniya) of the Russian Empire.	Kovno Governorate	Russian Empire
country	Kreminna (Ukrainian: Кремінна, Russian: Кременная) is a city in Luhansk Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Kreminna	Ukraine
country	Helgheim Church (Norwegian: Helgheim kyrkje) is a parish church in Jølster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Helgheim Church	Norway
country	Bososo is a town in Eastern Region, southern Ghana.	Bososo	Ghana
country	Abra Pampa is a town and municipality in Jujuy Province in Argentina, and is the capital of the Department of Cochinoca.	Abra Pampa	Argentina
country	Perasma (Greek: Πέρασμα; Bulgarian and Macedonian Slavic: Кучковени, Kučkoveni, Greek: Κουτσκοβαίνη, Koutskovaini) is a village and a former municipality in Florina regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece.	Perasma	Greece
country	School District 71 Comox Valley is a school district on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada.	School District 71 Comox Valley	Canada
country	Shizand (Persian: شيزند‎, also Romanized as Shīzand) is a village in Afshariyeh Rural District, Khorramdasht District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Shizand	Iran
country	Parr's Bank Limited was founded as Parr & Co. in Warrington, then in the county of Lancashire in the United Kingdom.	Parr's Bank	United Kingdom
country	El Bosque Airport (Spanish: Aeródromo El Bosque) (ICAO: SCBQ), is an airport located in El Bosque, Santiago, Chile.	El Bosque Airport	Chile
country	Likstammen is a lake of Södermanland, Sweden.	Likstammen	Sweden
country	Varekai completed its first North American tour in Vancouver, Canada on July 23, 2006.	Varekai	Canada
country	Kur Abbaslu (Persian: كورعباسلو‎, also Romanized as Kūr ``Abbāslū) is a village in Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 185, in 71 families.	Kur Abbaslu	Iran
country	The flora and fauna of the Sierra de Guadarrama is very diverse, reflecting something of a synthesis between species common to the mediterranean landscape and climate of Spain's Central Plateau, and the more specialized plants and animals native to the higher altitude and mountainous terrain of the Pyrenees and Alps.	Sierra de Guadarrama	Spain
country	Kramsk-Pole (ˈkramsk ˈpɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kramsk-Pole	Poland
country	Vecsaliena Manor (Latvian: Vecsalienas muižas pils), also called Červonka Manor (Polish: Czerwony dwór) because of its red brick construction, is a manor house in Červonka, Daugavpils municipality, Latvia in the historical region of Selonia.	Vecsaliena Manor	Latvia
country	Bongpyeong-myeon (Hangul: 봉평면; hanja: 蓬坪面) is a myeon (township) in Pyeongchang county of Gangwon-do South Korea.	Bongpyeong-myeon	South Korea
country	Alavi Culture and Technology Centre (Persian: كشت وصنعت علوي‎ -- Kesht va Şanʿat ʿAlavī) is a village and culture and technology centre in Hakimabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Alavi Culture and Technology Centre	Iran
country	Vavuniya railway station (Tamil: வவுனியா தொடருந்து நிலையம் Vavuṉiyā toṭaruntu nilaiyam) is a railway station in the city of Vavuniya in northern Sri Lanka.	Vavuniya railway station	Sri Lanka
country	Dragaljevac (Cyrillic: Драгаљевац) is a place located west of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dragaljevac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Piskorovce (Hungarian: Királyhegy) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Piskorovce	Slovakia
country	Metro Station - Samaypur Badli Railway Station - Badli (preferably situated in samaypur) Bus Stations - Libaspur, Samaypur, Badli Railway Station State Bank of India - Samaypur Vijaya Bank - Samaypur Post Office (Samaypur) Police Station Samaypur HDFC Bank-Samaypur	Samaypur	India
country	The Geneva Airport railway station (French: Gare de Genève-Aéroport) is a train station located under the runway of Geneva International Airport (French: Aéroport international de Genève) (IATA code: GVA), in Grand-Saconnex, Geneva, Switzerland.	Geneva Airport railway station	Switzerland
country	Kiptere is a village located approximately 25 Kilometres from Kericho town in the Rift Valley Province of Kenya.	Kiptere	Kenya
country	Nanxiong (Chinese: 南雄; pinyin: Nánxióng) historically Namyung is a county-level city of northern Guangdong province, People's Republic of China, bordering Jiangxi to the north, east and southeast.	Nanxiong	People's Republic of China
country	German submarine U-568 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II. She was laid down on 27 April 1940 by Blohm & Voss in Hamburg as yard number 544, launched on 6 March 1941 and commissioned on 1 May 1941 under Kptlt.	German submarine U-568	Germany
country	Modliny (mɔdˈlinɨ) (German: Modlainen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Modliny	Poland
country	Karim Haseleh-ye Sofla (Persian: كريم حاصله سفلي‎, also Romanized as Karīm Ḩaşeleh-ye Soflá) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Karim Haseleh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Chajew-Kolonia (ˈxajɛf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Chajew-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Moinak Hydro Power Plant (Мойнақ СЭС-і) is a hydro power plant on the Sharyn River south of Almaty in Almaty Province of Kazakhstan.	Moinak Hydro Power Plant	Kazakhstan
country	Ingå (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈiŋo); Finnish: Inkoo) is a municipality of Finland.	Ingå	Finland
country	Kot pri Ribnici (pronounced (ˈkoːt pɾi ˈɾiːbnitsi); German: Winkel) is a settlement west of the town of Ribnica in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Kot pri Ribnici	Slovenia
country	Mount Dick is a 705-metre (2313 ft) peak on Adams Island, the second-largest of New Zealand's Auckland Island chain.	Mount Dick	New Zealand
country	Alofi Bay is the northern of the two large bays which make up most of the west coast of the island of Niue, the other being Avatele Bay south of it.	Alofi Bay	Niue
country	The United Kingdom Census 2011 recorded three settlements as a ward, as Woodmansterne is not large enough in population to merit a ward of it own.	Woodmansterne	United Kingdom
country	Kobylany-Skorupki (kɔbɨˈlanɨ skɔˈrupki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kobylany-Skorupki	Poland
country	Moscow Cathedral Mosque (Russian: Московская соборная мечеть, Moskovskaya sobornaya mechet) is the main mosque of Moscow, Russia.	Moscow Cathedral Mosque	Russia
country	Dillberg transmitter is a transmitting facility of the Bavarian Broadcasting Company (German: Bayerischer Rundfunk) on the 595 metre high Dillberg mountain west of Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz, Bavaria, Germany.	Dillberg transmitter	Germany
country	PBS 106.7FM (call sign: 3PBS), also known as the Progressive Broadcasting Service, is a co-operatively owned community radio station in Melbourne, Australia, that broadcasts on 106.7FM, Digital radio and online.	PBS 106.7FM	Australia
country	Lastovce (Hungarian: Lasztóc) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Lastovce	Slovakia
country	Brønnøysund Bridge (Norwegian: Brønnøysundbrua) is a cantilevered road bridge near the town of Brønnøysund in Brønnøy municipality in Nordland county, Norway.	Brønnøysund Bridge	Norway
country	Kahatowita(sinhala:කහටෝවිට Tamil:கஹடோவிட) is a village in the Attanagalla electorate, Gampaha District, Western Province, Sri Lanka.	Kahatowita	Sri Lanka
country	North Tapanuli Regency (Tapanuli Utara in Indonesian, utara means north) is a regency in North Sumatra province, Sumatra, Indonesia.	North Tapanuli Regency	Indonesia
country	Stary Oskol Airport (also given as Staryy Oskol) (ICAO: UUOS) is an airport in Russia located 6 km northwest of Stary Oskol.	Stary Oskol Airport	Russia
country	Faleh-e Sarqaleh (Persian: فالح سرقلعه‎, also Romanized as Fāleḩ-e Sarqal``eh) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 121, in 25 families.	Faleh-e Sarqaleh	Iran
country	Lake Bato is a freshwater lake and the 7th largest in the Philippines.	Lake Bato	Philippines
country	Malmö Bulltofta Airport (Swedish: Malmö-Bulltofta flygplats; IATA: MMA, ICAO: ESMM) was from 1923 to 1972 the main airport serving the city of Malmö, Sweden.	Malmö Bulltofta Airport	Sweden
country	Jeníčkova Lhota is part of the Chotoviny municipality in the Czech Republic.	Jeníčkova Lhota	Czech Republic
country	Gorriti Island (Spanish: Isla Gorriti) is a small island near the shores of Punta del Este, Uruguay.	Gorriti Island	Uruguay
country	Suçma (also, Suchma) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Suçma	Azerbaijan
country	Morro da Boa Vista (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈmoʁu dɐ ˈboɐ ˈvistɐ)) is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Santa Catarina, the highest at Serra Geral and the third highest in Southern Brazil, after Pico Paraná and Pico Caratuva, at 1,827 metres (5,994 ft).	Morro da Boa Vista	Brazil
country	The City of Geelong was a local government area about 75 kilometres (47 mi) southwest of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	City of Geelong	Australia
country	Kolonia Lubeckiego (Polish pronunciation: (ˈkoloɲa lubetʂˈkʲɛɡɔ); English: Lubecki Colony) is a historical housing estate in the Ochota district of Warsaw, Poland, bordered by the streets Fitrowa, Krzywicki, Wawel, Grojecka and Plac Narutowicza.	Kolonia Lubeckiego	Poland
country	Villares de la Reina is a municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon, on the outskirts of Salamanca city.	Villares de la Reina	Spain
country	Kalri Jagir (Hindi: कलरी जागीर, Kalarī jāgīra; Punjabi: ਕਲਰੀ ਜਾਗੀਰ; Urdu: کلری جگر ) is a village in the district Karnal, Haryana, (India).	Kalri Jagir	India
country	The 16th arrondissement of Paris (also known as ``Arrondissement de Passy'') is one of the 20 arrondissements (administrative districts) of Paris, the capital city of France.	16th arrondissement of Paris	France
country	Avelar is a civil parish of the municipality of Ansião, Portugal.	Avelar	Portugal
country	Shituru is a town that is now part of the city of Likasi in Katanga Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Shituru	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Grant McConachie Way is a three-to-six lane expressway in Richmond and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Grant McConachie Way	Canada
country	Kėdainiai ( pronunciation , also known by several other names) is one of the oldest cities in Lithuania.	Kėdainiai	Lithuania
country	Anesrif (Arabic: و.و.د.م.ا.ا.س.ح‎) is a transport business created by the government of Algeria, to expand and modernise the Algerian railway system.	Anesrif	Algeria
country	5-4-3-2-Run is a Canadian game show for kids that ran from about 1988 to 1990 on CTV in Canada and on many independent stations in the United States.	5-4-3-2-Run	Canada
country	Mae Na Wang (Thai: แม่นาวาง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Ai District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Mae Na Wang	Thailand
country	Kwajo Cinqo performed again with Ghetto Concept on March 29, 2011 at CBC's Hip-Hop Summit, along with fellow Canadian artists Maestro Fresh Wes, Michie Mee, and Dream Warriors at an event that was the first of its kind in Canada.	Ghetto Concept	Canada
country	Chmielkowo (xmjɛlˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Chmielkowo	Poland
country	Fazaia Education System School, previously known as Shaheen School System, is a school system in Islamabad, Pakistan.	Fazaia Education System School	Pakistan
country	Boglewice (bɔɡlɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Boglewice	Poland
country	Al Bateen Executive Airport (IATA: AZI, ICAO: OMAD) is a dedicated business jet airport located 6.5 nautical miles (12.0 km; 7.5 mi) south east Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.	Al Bateen Executive Airport	United Arab Emirates
country	Obinze is a village in southeastern Nigeria, located near the city of Owerri.	Obinze	Nigeria
country	Azbukovica is a highland area in western Serbia, on the border with Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Azbukovica	Serbia
country	Vistən (also, Vistan) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Vistən	Azerbaijan
country	Zezezino (Russian: Зезезино) is a rural locality (a village) in Idrinsky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia.	Zezezino	Russia
country	Losail International Circuit (also Lusail International Circuit) (حلبة لوسيل الدولية) is a motor racing circuit located just outside in the town of Lusail, north of Doha, Qatar.	Losail International Circuit	Qatar
country	The road that is now Kawartha Lakes Road 49 started in 1853, when an act of parliament set forth the building of colonization roads into what was then the frontier of Upper Canada.	Kawartha Lakes Road 49	Canada
country	Səpnəkəran (also, Sapnakeran and Sapnaperan) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Səpnəkəran	Azerbaijan
country	Svogerslev is a small satellite town located four kilometres west of Roskilde, Denmark.	Svogerslev	Denmark
country	Jockey Plaza is a shopping center in the Santiago de Surco district of Lima, Peru.	Jockey Plaza	Peru
country	The Goldfields Water Supply Scheme is a pipeline and dam project which delivers potable water to communities in Western Australia's Eastern Goldfields, particularly Coolgardie and Kalgoorlie.	Goldfields Water Supply Scheme	Australia
country	Chełmno (ˈxɛu̯mnɔ) (older English: Culm; German: Kulm ) is a town in northern Poland near the Vistula river with 20,000 inhabitants and the historical capital of Chełmno Land.	Chełmno	Poland
country	Bjärsjöholm Castle or Bjersjöholm Castle (Swedish: Bjärsjoholm slott or Bjersjöholm slott) is a Renaissance castle from the 16th century, 3 km northwest of Ystad, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Bjärsjöholm Castle	Sweden
country	Simpelejärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Parikkala municipality in South Karelia region in Finland.	Simpelejärvi	Finland
country	The Colegio de Doncellas Nobles was a school for girls founded in 1551 in Toledo, Spain, and placed under royal patronage.	Colegio de Doncellas Nobles	Spain
country	Shahruk (Persian: شهروك‎, also Romanized as Shahrūk; also known as Shahrak) is a village in Karvandar Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Shahruk	Iran
country	Poljane pri Primskovem (pronounced (pɔˈljaːnɛ pɾi ˈpɾiːmskɔʋɛm); German: Polane) is a small dispersed settlement in the Primskovo area in central Slovenia.	Poljane pri Primskovem	Slovenia
country	Ženavlje (pronounced (ʒɛˈnaːu̯ljɛ); Hungarian: Gyanafa) is a village in the Municipality of Gornji Petrovci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Ženavlje	Slovenia
country	Aizpute Castle is a Livonian Order castle in the town of Aizpute in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.	Aizpute Castle	Latvia
country	Faramush Jan (Persian: فراموشجان‎, also Romanized as Farāmūsh Jān and Faramoosh Jan) is a village in Chenarud-e Shomali Rural District, Chenarud District, Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Faramush Jan	Iran
country	Kurukshetra ( pronunciation ; Hindi: कुरुक्षेत्र) is a city in the state of Haryana, India.	Kurukshetra	India
country	The Salève is a mountain of the French Prealps located in the departement of Haute-Savoie (France).	Salève	France
country	Mandi Burewala railway station (Urdu: منڈی بورے والا ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Pakistan.	Mandi Burewala railway station	Pakistan
country	The Tjörn Bridge (Swedish: Tjörnbron) is a cable-stayed bridge which together with two smaller bridges connects Stenungsund on mainland Sweden with the island Tjörn on the western coast of the country.	Tjörn Bridge	Sweden
country	Miecznikowo-Gołębie (mjɛt͡ʂniˈkɔvɔ ɡɔˈwɛmbjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Miecznikowo-Gołębie	Poland
country	The Steinwache is a memorial museum in Dortmund, Germany.	Steinwache	Germany
country	It is part of the municipality of Aiseau-Presles in the province of Hainaut (Wallonia region of Belgium).	Aiseau	Belgium
country	The other places that may be seen from the Adlerstein include the Sayda and Brand Heights, Waldkirchen, Marienberg, Dittersdorfer Höhe and Pöhlberg in Germany, and the Jelení hora (Haßberg), Hora Svaté Kateřiny (Katharinaberg) and the Čihadlo (Lauschhübei) in the Czech Republic.	Adlerstein	Germany
country	The Mars 2 was an unmanned space probe of the Mars program, a series of unmanned Mars landers and orbiters launched by the Soviet Union in the early 1970s.	Mars 2	Soviet Union
country	Strazde parish (Latvian: Strazdes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Talsi District, Latvia.	Strazde parish	Latvia
country	Satopanth Tal is a lake in Uttarakhand, India, located in the midst of snow-capped peaks at an altitude of 4,600 metres (15,100 ft) above sea-level.	Satopanth Tal	India
country	Giffin Park is a sports venue in Coorparoo, a suburb in Brisbane, Australia.	Giffin Park	Australia
country	The Bloukrans Bridge is an arch bridge located near Nature's Valley, Western Cape, South Africa.	Bloukrans Bridge	South Africa
country	However, fierce competition by Walmart Canada and an inability to adjust to the increasing volatile retailing industry resulted in Zellers significantly losing ground in the 2000s and the subsequent acquisition of most of its stores by Target Canada in 2011.	Zellers	Canada
country	The Bijbehara town has population of 22,789 of which 12,057 are males while 10,732 are females as per report released by Census India 2011.	Bijbehara	India
country	Grootegast (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɣroːtəˌɣɑst)) is a municipality and a village in the northeastern Netherlands.	Grootegast	Netherlands
country	Bagh Baba (Persian: باغ بابا‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Bābā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bagh Baba	Iran
country	Ador (Valencian pronunciation: (aˈðoɾ)) is a municipality in the comarca of Safor in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Ador	Spain
country	Hal`as Kunn Art Gallery, also known as Kalju maja, is an art gallery in Võru County, Meremäe rural municipality, in Obinitsa village in Estonia.	Hal`as Kunn Art Gallery	Estonia
country	YMCA Camp Pine Crest is a summer camp in Muskoka Lakes, Ontario, Canada, near Torrance.	YMCA Camp Pine Crest	Canada
country	Brestanica railway station (Slovene: Železniška postaja Brestanica) is the principal railway station in Brestanica, Slovenia.	Brestanica railway station	Slovenia
country	The River Trent is the third-longest river in the United Kingdom.	River Trent	United Kingdom
country	The Opfermoor Vogtei is an open-air museum at the location of a prehistoric and protohistoric sacrificial bog (German: Opfermoor) in the municipality of Vogtei, Thuringia, in Germany.	Opfermoor Vogtei	Germany
country	Şeidlər is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şeidlər	Azerbaijan
country	Terra di Lavoro (Liburia in Latin ) is the name of a historical region of southern Italy.	Terra di Lavoro	Italy
country	Sde Ya'akov (Hebrew: שְׂדֵה יַעֲקֹב, lit. Ya'akov Field) is a religious moshav in northern Israel.	Sde Ya'akov	Israel
country	Bimmen is a village of the town of Kleve, in the district of Kleve in the west of the federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Bimmen	Germany
country	Connemara Public Library at Egmore in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, is one of the four National Depository Libraries which receive a copy of all books, newspapers and periodicals published in India.	Connemara Public Library	India
country	Marina Promenade is a cluster of six residential towers located in Dubai Marina in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Marina Promenade	United Arab Emirates
country	Telki is a village near Budakeszi, in Hungary, some 10 km (6 mi) away from Budapest.	Telki	Hungary
country	The Address the BLVD is a 72-storey 370 m (1,214 ft) skyscraper under construction in Downtown Dubai in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	The Address the BLVD	United Arab Emirates
country	The Gorgon gas project is a natural gas project in Western Australia, involving the development of the Greater Gorgon gas fields, subsea gas-gathering infrastructure, and a liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant on Barrow Island.	Gorgon gas project	Australia
country	Davel is a settlement in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa.	Davel	South Africa
country	Alpiarça (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐɫpiˈaɾsɐ)) is a municipality in Santarém District in Portugal.	Alpiarça	Portugal
country	Shiraz University of Medical Sciences (SUMS) (Persian: دانشگاه علوم پزشکی شیراز Dāneshgāh-e Olum Pezeshki-e Shirāz‎‎) is a public medical school located in Shiraz, Iran.	Shiraz University of Medical Sciences	Iran
country	The Green Belt of Glory is a war memorial surrounding Saint Petersburg, Russia, commemorating the Siege of Leningrad of the Second World War.	Green Belt of Glory	Russia
country	Hüttnersee (``Hüttenerweiher'' or ``Hüttnerseeli'') is a small lake at Hütten in the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland.	Hüttnersee	Switzerland
country	Hornsby Ku-ring-gai Hospital is a hospital in Sydney, Australia, located on Palmerston Road in Hornsby.	Hornsby Ku-ring-gai Hospital	Australia
country	Trougout (Amazigh: Trugut, ⵜⵔⵓⴳⵓⵜ, Arabic: تروكوت) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco.	Trougout	Morocco
country	Jahanabad-e Baraftab (Persian: جهان ابادبرافتاب‎, also Romanized as Jahānābād-e Barāftāb; also known as Jahānābād and Jahānābād-e Bālā) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Jahanabad-e Baraftab	Iran
country	The Ottawa Real Estate Board (OREB) is a non-profit professional association of registered real estate brokers and salespeople in the Ottawa, Canada area.	Ottawa Real Estate Board	Canada
country	The Bhairabi Temple is located on the outskirts Tezpur in Assam, India.	Bhairabi Temple	India
country	One Wall Centre, also known as the Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre North Tower, is a 48-storey, 157.8 m (518 ft) skyscraper hotel with residential condominiums in the Wall Centre development at 1088 Burrard Street in Downtown Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	One Wall Centre	Canada
country	Zmajevac (Hungarian: Vörösmart; Serbian Cyrillic: Змајевац; Latin: Ad Novas) is a settlement in the region of Baranja, Croatia.	Zmajevac	Croatia
country	The Krasta mine is a large mine located in central east Albania, adjacent to the town of Krastë in Dibër County, 40 kilometres (25 mi) as the crow flies, east of the capital, Tirana.	Krasta mine	Albania
country	Osiedle Petrykozy (ɔˈɕɛdlɛ pɛtrɨˈkɔzɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Osiedle Petrykozy	Poland
country	Château Lafite Rothschild is a wine estate in France, owned by members of the Rothschild family since the 19th century.	Château Lafite Rothschild	France
country	Ørestad (Danish pronunciation: (ˈøːɐsd̥að)) is a developing city area in Copenhagen, Denmark, on the island of Amager.	Ørestad	Denmark
country	Tum Airport (IATA: TUJ) is an airport in southwestern Ethiopia.	Tum Airport	Ethiopia
country	Caño de Sancti Petri is a shallow channel in the province of Cádiz, Andalusia, southwestern Spain.	Caño de Sancti Petri	Spain
country	Fterrë (definite Albanian form: Fterra) is a village in the former commune of Lukovë, Vlorë County, southern Albania.	Fterrë	Albania
country	The Hermit Islands are a group of 17 islands within the Western Islands of the Bismarck Archipelago, Papua New Guinea.	Hermit Islands	Papua New Guinea
country	Kacchi Plain or Kachhi Plain is located in southern Balochistan Province of southwestern Pakistan.	Kacchi Plain	Pakistan
country	The Leniwka (Polish pronunciation: (lɛˈɲifka)) is a river in northern Poland, one of the branches of the Vistula.	Leniwka	Poland
country	Shankar Vihar is a residential complex for the serving Officers and their family of Indian Army, Indian Air Force & Indian Navy, provided by the Government of India.	Shankar Vihar	India
country	Quşçu Körpüsü (also, Kushchinskiy and Kushchinskiy Most) is a village in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Quşçu Körpüsü	Azerbaijan
country	Bagh-e Kahleh (Persian: باغ كهله‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Kahleh) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Kahleh	Iran
country	The Twin Mountains Formation, also known as the Twin Mountain Formation, is a sedimentary rock formation, within the Trinity Group, found in Texas of the United States of America.	Twin Mountains Formation	United States of America
country	The Rhine-Neckar Metropolitan Region (German: Metropolregion Rhein-Neckar), often referred to as Rhein-Neckar-Triangle is a polycentric metropolitan region located in south western Germany, between the Frankfurt/Rhine-Main region to the North and the Stuttgart Region to the South-East.	Rhine-Neckar	Germany
country	Andrioniškis is a town in Anykščiai district municipality, in Utena County, in northeast Lithuania.	Andrioniškis	Lithuania
country	Kråknäset is a point and settlement in Stockholm County, Sweden.	Kråknäset	Sweden
country	Selavayal(Tamil: சேலவாயல்) is mainly a residential locality in the northern part of the metropolitan city of Chennai, Tamil Nadu state, India.	Selavayal	India
country	Belaya Kholunitsa (Russian: Бе́лая Холуни́ца) is a town and the administrative center of Belokholunitsky District in Kirov Oblast, Russia, located on the Belaya Kholunitsa River (Vyatka's tributary), 82 kilometers (51 mi) northeast of Kirov, the administrative center of the oblast.	Belaya Kholunitsa	Russia
country	Binbirkilise (literally: Thousand and One Churches) is a region in the antique Lycaonia, in modern Karaman Province of Turkey, known for its around fifty Byzantine church ruins.	Binbirkilise	Turkey
country	Brandenburg an der Havel is a town in the state of Brandenburg (which is why it is also called Brandenburg City in English), Germany, with a population of 71,778 (as of 2010).	Brandenburg an der Havel	Germany
country	Narmeh-ye Olya (Persian: نارمه عليا‎, also Romanized as Nārmeh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 24 families.	Narmeh-ye Olya	Iran
country	Bahador (Persian: بهادر‎, also Romanized as Bahādor) is a village in Ujan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bahador	Iran
country	Vela Spila is a cave situated above the town of Vela Luka on the island of Korčula, in Croatia.	Vela Spila	Croatia
country	Keno City Mining Museum is a history museum located in Keno City, Yukon, Canada.	Keno City Mining Museum	Canada
country	Hinnerup, is a small town in East Jutland, Denmark with a population of 7,360 (1 January 2014), located in Favrskov municipality, Region Midtjylland, Jutland just north of Aarhus.	Hinnerup	Denmark
country	Lenzburg ranks among the oldest and most important high-castles in Switzerland.	Lenzburg	Switzerland
country	Szewnia Górna (ˈʂɛvɲa ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Szewnia Górna	Poland
country	Yuxarı Ələz (also, Yuxarı-ələz, Yuxarı Alayaz, Yukharu-Alyaz, Yukhary Alayaz, and Yukhary Alyaz) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yuxarı Ələz	Azerbaijan
country	The Port of Cork is the main port serving the South of Ireland, County Cork and Cork City.	Port of Cork	Ireland
country	Elounda (Greek: Ελούντα), alternative transliterations Elounta or Elouda, is a small fishing town on the northern coast of the island of Crete, Greece.	Elounda	Greece
country	The Morichales de Paz de Ariporo is a proposed national park in the Casanare Department of Colombia.	Morichales de Paz de Ariporo	Colombia
country	The Niederfinow Boat Lift is the oldest working boat lift in Germany.	Niederfinow Boat Lift	Germany
country	Abokado is a fast food chain based in the United Kingdom.	Abokado	United Kingdom
country	Jarczów (ˈjart͡ʂuf) is a village in Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Jarczów	Poland
country	The Civil Marriage Act (full title: ``An Act respecting certain aspects of legal capacity for marriage for civil purposes'') was legislation legalizing same-sex marriage across Canada.	Civil Marriage Act	Canada
country	Nowa Rokitnia (ˈnɔva rɔˈkitɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nowa Rokitnia	Poland
country	Avonside Girls' High School is a large urban high school in the Christchurch, New Zealand suburb of Avonside.	Avonside Girls' High School	New Zealand
country	The Capão da Imbuia Woods is a public area of the city of Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil.	Capão da Imbuia Wood	Brazil
country	Lellig (Luxembourgish: Lelleg) is a village in the commune of Manternach, in eastern Luxembourg.	Lellig	Luxembourg
country	Saga Prefectural Saga Technical High School (佐賀県立佐賀工業高等学校), also known as Saga Kogyo, is a Technical High School located in Saga City, Saga Prefecture, Japan.	Saga Prefectural Saga Technical High School	Japan
country	Veliko Globoko (pronounced (ˈʋeːlikɔ ɡlɔˈbɔːkɔ)) is a small village on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Veliko Globoko	Slovenia
country	Rayakoski (Russian: Раякоски; Finnish: Jäniskoski, lit. border rapids) is a rural locality (an inhabited locality) in Pechengsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located adjacent to the tripoint between Finland, Norway, and Russia.	Rayakoski	Russia
country	Susukw was a Kwakwaka'wakw village on the south side of Gilford Island, facing Gilford Bay in the Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Susukw	Canada
country	Gravatá is a city in the state of Pernambuco, Brazil, located about 75 km (47 mi) from the state's capital Recife (the distance by road is 85 km or 53 mi).	Gravatá	Brazil
country	Orgyot (Russian: Оргёт) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Orgyotsky Rural Okrug of Verkhnevilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 60 kilometers (37 mi) from Verkhnevilyuysk, the administrative center of the district.	Orgyot	Russia
country	El Nasr Boys' School (EBS; Arabic: مدرسة النصر للبنين‎) is a K-12 school in Shatby, Alexandria, Egypt.	El Nasr Boys' School	Egypt
country	The Duchy of Massa and Carrara was the duchy that controlled the towns of Massa di Carrara and Carrara; the area is now part of unified Italy, but retains its local identity as the province of Massa-Carrara.	Duchy of Massa and Carrara	Italy
country	Mount Yamanlar (Turkish: Yamanlar Dağı) is a mountain in İzmir, Turkey, located within the boundaries of the Greater Metropolitan Area of the city.	Yamanlar	Turkey
country	Padthaway wine region is a wine zone region located in the south east of South Australia immediately adjoining a section of the Riddoch Highway including the town of Padthaway.	Padthaway wine region	Australia
country	Andariyeh (Persian: اندريه‎, also Romanized as Andarīyeh, Ondarīyeh, and Undarīyeh) is a village in Doboluk Rural District, Arjomand District, Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Andariyeh	Iran
country	Plaffeien (French: Planfayon)is a municipality in the district of Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Plaffeien	Switzerland
country	Tokpa-Avagoudo or Tokpa-Houngbado or Tokpa is a town and arrondissement in the Atlantique Department of southern Benin.	Tokpa-Avagoudo	Benin
country	Milotice nad Opavou (German: Milkendorf) is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Milotice nad Opavou	Czech Republic
country	The Tibagi River (Portuguese, Rio Tibagi, also spelled Tibagy and Tibají) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.	Tibagi River	Brazil
country	Cape Capricorn Light is an active heritage-listed lighthouse located on Cape Capricorn, a coastal headland on the northeast point of Curtis Island, in Central Queensland, Australia.	Cape Capricorn Light	Australia
country	Middle Quarry Cascade is a 6 metre high twin ribbon cascade found on private property, (private without permission to access), in Burlington, Ontario, Canada.	Middle Quarry Cascade	Canada
country	The 83rd Scripps National Spelling Bee was an event held from June 2, 2010 to June 4, 2010 at the Grand Hyatt Washington, Washington D.C., United States of America.	83rd Scripps National Spelling Bee	United States of America
country	Blumond is a settlement in Aruba, located off of the island's west coast.	Blumond	Aruba
country	Buzhakan (Armenian: Բուժական), also Romanized as Bujhakan; formerly, Babakishi), is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Buzhakan	Armenia
country	The Kaikoura Peninsula is located in the northeast of New Zealand's South Island.	Kaikoura Peninsula	New Zealand
country	The Moorooduc Quarry Flora and Fauna Reserve is located in Mount Eliza, Victoria, Australia and occupies approximately 27 hectares of land.	Moorooduc Quarry Flora and Fauna Reserve	Australia
country	Ano Fanari (Greek: Άνω Φανάρι) is a mountain village belonging to the Troizinia-Methana municipality in northeastern Peloponnese, Greece.	Ano Fanari	Greece
country	Hamburg Airport (IATA: HAM, ICAO: EDDH), known in German as Flughafen Hamburg, is the international airport of Hamburg, the second-largest city in Germany.	Hamburg Airport	Germany
country	Chah Khargushi (Persian: چاه خرگوشي‎, also Romanized as Chāh Khargūshī) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah Khargushi	Iran
country	The Boucle du Baoulé National Park lies in western Mali, in Kayes Region and Koulikoro Region, set up in 1982.	Boucle du Baoulé National Park	Mali
country	The Maybank Numismatic Museum is a museum in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, that is run and owned by the Maybank.	Maybank Numismatic Museum	Malaysia
country	In January 1850 Bauer, a cavalryman during the German-Danish War, designed Brandtaucher as a way to end the Danish naval blockade of Germany.	Brandtaucher	Germany
country	Dease Strait is an east-west waterway between the mainland's Kent Peninsula and Victoria Island in Nunavut, Canada.	Dease Strait	Canada
country	Giropa Point is a point to the east of Buna, Oro Province, Papua New Guinea.	Giropa Point	Papua New Guinea
country	Aq Gonbaz is village in Samangan Province, in northern Afghanistan.	Aq Gonbaz	Afghanistan
country	Scharnstein Airport (German: Flugplatz Scharnstein, ICAO: LOLC) is a private use airport located 2 kilometres (1 mi) west-southwest of Scharnstein, Upper Austria, Austria.	Scharnstein Airport	Austria
country	Capilla de los Dolores (Grado) is a church in Grado, Asturias, in northern Spain.	Capilla de los Dolores (Grado)	Spain
country	The Governor General's Awards are a collection of annual awards presented by the Governor General of Canada, recognizing distinction in numerous academic, artistic, and social fields.	Governor General's Awards	Canada
country	Ideato North is a Local Government Area in Imo State, Nigeria.	Ideato North	Nigeria
country	Tomb KV53 is located in the Valley of the Kings, in Egypt.	KV53	Egypt
country	Pocol is a ski resort in the Veneto region of northeast Italy.	Pocol	Italy
country	The district of Östlich Raron (fr. District de Rarogne oriental) is an administrative district in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.	Östlich Raron	Switzerland
country	Ziarat-e Bozorg (Persian: زيارت بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Zīārat-e Bozorg; also known as Zeyārat and Zīārat) is a village in Sirik Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ziarat-e Bozorg	Iran
country	Le Beaucet (Occitan: Lo Baucet) is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Le Beaucet	France
country	The Japanese Community School of Athens (Japanese: アテネ日本人学校 Atene Nihonjin Gakkō, Greek: Ιαπωνική Σχολή Αθηνών) was a Japanese international school in the Ano-Pefki (Άνω Πεύκη) area of Pefki, Greece in the Athens metropolitan area.	Japanese Community School of Athens	Greece
country	Basudih (Bengali: বাসুডিহ) is a village in Nala block, Jamtara District, Jharkhand state, India has a Population (2001 Census) of 500 .	Basudih	India
country	The OCCII (Onafhankelijk Cultureel Centrum In It) is a venue for alternative and independent music at Amstelveenseweg 134, in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	OCCII	Netherlands
country	Yad Rambam (Hebrew: יַד רַמְבַּ``ם, lit. Rambam Memorial) is a moshav in central Israel.	Yad Rambam	Israel
country	Wiercienko (vjɛrˈt͡ɕɛnkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wiercienko	Poland
country	Yaycı (also, Yaydzhi, Yaydzhy, and Persian: یاجی آذربایجان‎‎ -- Yājī-ye Āz̄arbāyjān) is a village and the most populous municipality, except for the capital Julfa, in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Yaycı	Azerbaijan
country	The Clarence River Advocate was a newspaper published in Maclean, New South Wales, Australia from 1877 to 22 September 1949.	The Clarence River Advocate	Australia
country	Ewina (ɛˈvina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ewina	Poland
country	Hellerup (Danish pronunciation: (ˈhɛlˀəʁob̥)) is a Danish town of Region Hovedstaden, located in the Gentofte Municipality in Denmark.	Hellerup	Denmark
country	Al-Sakhir Palace, also known as Sakhir Palace, is a palace in the Sakhir desert region of western Bahrain.	Al-Sakhir Palace	Bahrain
country	Zawale Niegosławskie (zaˈvalɛ ɲɛɡɔˈswafskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Zawale Niegosławskie	Poland
country	Kościan County (Polish: powiat kościański) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.	Kościan County	Poland
country	Zagarise (Greek: Zacharous) is a village and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Zagarise	Italy
country	Parikhan (Persian: پريخان‎, also Romanized as Parīkhān and Perī Khān; also known as Pīrī Khān) is a village in Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Parikhan	Iran
country	Kirsana (Arabic: كرسانا‎) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia.	Kirsana	Syria
country	Cuixmala is located on the Pacific Ocean, on Mexico's Costalegre, also known as the Virgin Coast.	Cuixmala	Mexico
country	Zumaia (Spanish: Zumaya) is a small town in the north of Spain in the Basque Country.	Zumaia	Spain
country	Cầu Gồ is a township (Thị trấn Neo) and town in Yên Thế District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam.	Cầu Gồ	Vietnam
country	The Hunedoara County Prefecture (Romanian: Palatul Administrativ din Deva, Hungarian: Dévai vármegyeház) is a building in Deva, Romania.	Hunedoara County Prefecture	Romania
country	The North-West University is a newly merged institution from 1 January 2004 onwards with three campuses at Potchefstroom, Mahikeng and Vanderbijlpark, South Africa.	North-West University	South Africa
country	The Hanover Stadtbahn is a Stadtbahn (light rail) system in the city of Hanover, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Hanover Stadtbahn	Germany
country	Khertvisi fortress (Georgian: ხერთვისის ციხე) is one of the oldest fortresses in Georgia and was functional throughout the Georgian feudal period.	Khertvisi	Georgia
country	Bukit Panjang Single Member Constituency (Chinese: 武吉班让单选区; Malay: Kawasan Undi Perseorangan Bukit Panjang; Tamil: புக்கிட் பாஞ்சாங் தனித்தொகுதி) is a Single Member Constituency located in the western area of Singapore.	Bukit Panjang Single Member Constituency	Singapore
country	Munster Training Area (German: Truppenübungsplatz Munster) is a military training area in Germany on the Lüneburg Heath.	Munster Training Area	Germany
country	Ngeremasch (also spelled Ngaramasch) is a village in Palau, and the capital of the state of Angaur.	Ngeremasch	Palau
country	Anqolab-e Yek (Persian: انقلاب 1‎, also Romanized as Ānqolāb-e Yek) is a village in Anaran Rural District, in the Central District of Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Anqolab-e Yek	Iran
country	Nina Ukru (Quechua nina fire, ukru hole, pit, hollow, ``fire hollow'', hispanicized spelling Ninaucro) is a mountain in the Paryaqaqa or Waruchiri mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,400 metres (17,717 ft) high.	Nina Ukru	Peru
country	Bytkowo (bɨtˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokietnica, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bytkowo	Poland
country	The Catholic population used now a clandestine church in a barn in Sint-Oedenrode, while the empty chapel was used as a Protestant school since 1731, after the hamlets Nijnsel and Vressel sent a petition to establish their own school in 1728 to the Council of State of the Netherlands in The Hague.	Nijnsel	Netherlands
country	American International University-Bangladesh (AIUB) (Bengali: আমেরিকান ইন্টারন্যাশনাল ইউনিভার্সিটি-বাংলাদেশ) is an accredited and renowned private university located at Banani in Dhaka, Bangladesh.	American International University	Bangladesh
country	Phnom Aural is the tallest peak in Cambodia.	Phnom Aural	Cambodia
country	The Hope Island Resort Tennis Centre is a tennis venue located at the corner of Hope Island Road and Activa Way, Hope Island, Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Hope Island Resort Tennis Centre	Australia
country	Goug (also known as El Goug) is a village in the commune of Balidat Ameur, in Témacine District, Ouargla Province, Algeria.	Goug	Algeria
country	Kwannam is a traditional Korean term used to refer to the southern region of Hamgyong province, including portions of modern-day North Hamgyong and South Hamgyong, North Korea.	Kwannam	North Korea
country	Silarestan (Persian: سيلارستان‎, also Romanized as Sīlārestān; also known as Sīlārestān-e Soflá) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Silarestan	Iran
country	Saint-Loubouer is a commune in the Landes department in Aquitaine in south-western France.	Saint-Loubouer	France
country	Slapnica (Cyrillic: Слапница) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Slapnica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Tambov State Technical University is a state institution of higher learning in Tambov, Russia.	Tambov State Technical University	Russia
country	Mevce (pronounced (ˈmeːwtsɛ); in older sources also Melce, German: Mewze) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills west of Muljava in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Mevce	Slovenia
country	Lungiarü (German: Campill, Italian: Longiarù) is a village which forms a frazione of the commune of San Martin de Tor in South Tyrol, northern Italy.	Lungiarü	Italy
country	Vuktyl Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Вуктыл) (ICAO: UUYK) is an airport in Russia located 4 km southwest of Vuktyl.	Vuktyl Airport	Russia
country	The Pope's Eye is the uncompleted foundation for an island fort intended to defend the entrance to Port Phillip in the state of Victoria, Australia.	Pope's Eye	Australia
country	The Josef-Hofmiller-Gymnasium (JoHo) is a gymnasium in Freising, Bavaria, Germany.	Josef-Hofmiller-Gymnasium	Germany
country	Vadavannur is a village and gram panchayat in the Palakkad District of Kerala, India.	Vadavannur	India
country	Lulemino (lulɛˈminɔ) (German Lüllemin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lulemino	Poland
country	Aşağı Nüvədi (also, Ashagi Nuvadi, Ashagy Nyuvedi, and Nizhniye Nyuady) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Nüvədi	Azerbaijan
country	Gaoyang County (simplified Chinese: 高阳县; traditional Chinese: 高陽縣; pinyin: Gāoyáng Xiàn; literally: ``High Sun'') is a county of south-central Hebei province, People's Republic of China.	Gaoyang County	People's Republic of China
country	Los Pedroches is a natural region and comarca in Córdoba Province, Andalusia, southern Spain.	Los Pedroches	Spain
country	Sovetscoe (Ukrainian: Совєтське, Sovyets’ke, Russian: Советское, Sovetskoye) is a commune in the Rîbnița District of Transnistria, Moldova.	Sovetscoe	Moldova
country	Wildside Records is an independent New Zealand record label, owned and run by former Rip It Up magazine editor, Murray Cammick.	Wildside Records	New Zealand
country	Mangyongdae-guyok or Man'gyŏngdae District (Chosŏn'gŭl: 만경대구역) is one of the 19 guyŏk (wards) that constitute Pyongyang, North Korea.	Mangyongdae-guyok	North Korea
country	Liveringa or Liveringa Station, often referred to as Upper Liveringa Station, is a pastoral lease in Western Australia that once operated as a sheep station but presently operates as a cattle station.	Liveringa	Australia
country	The Escuela Mier y Pesado is a school in Coyoacán, Mexico City operated by the Fundación Mier y Pesado, IAP.	Escuela Mier y Pesado	Mexico
country	The Công River (Vietnamese: Sông Công) is a tributary of the Red River in northern Vietnam.	Công River	Vietnam
country	The legend of Oude Rode Ogen began in the Flanders region of Belgium in the late 17th century after reports of children turned up missing and believed to be victims of a cannibalistic shape shifter.	Oude Rode Ogen	Belgium
country	Canal de Santa Cruz (Santa Cruz Channel), is a U-shaped salt water channel in Northeastern Brazil adjacent to the Atlantic Ocean that separates the island of Itamaracá from the South American continent.	Canal de Santa Cruz	Brazil
country	Selšček (pronounced (ˈseːu̯ʃtʃək); German: Seuschtschek) is a settlement immediately east of Begunje pri Cerknici in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Selšček	Slovenia
country	Lesser Kuril Ridge is part of Yuzhno-Kurilsky District of Sakhalin Oblast of Russia.	Lesser Kuril Ridge	Russia
country	Pannagam (also spelt Pannakam, Pannaakam, Pannaagam) (Tamil: பண்ணாகம்) is small village in the minority Sri Lankan Tamil dominated Jaffna peninsula of Sri Lanka.	Pannagam	Sri Lanka
country	Mount Arowhana lies in the Raukumara Range in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island.	Mount Arowhana	New Zealand
country	Pinetown is a town just inland from Durban in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Pinetown	South Africa
country	Achyra (Greek: Αχυρά) is a village in the Medeon municipal unit, Aetolia-Acarnania, Greece.	Achyra	Greece
country	Lummene (also Lummenne) is a lake in Finland in the municipality of Kuhmoinen in the Central Finland region.	Lummene	Finland
country	Nowe Siołkowice (ˈnɔvɛ ɕɔu̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ) (``new Siołkowice'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popielów, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowe Siołkowice	Poland
country	Nadergul is a part of Bandangpet Nagar Panchayath in Rangareddy district of Telangana state, India.	Nadergul	India
country	Annaburg-Prettin was a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (``administrative community'') in the district of Wittenberg, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Annaburg-Prettin	Germany
country	Gapel (in German: Gabel) is a small village in Slovakia which was founded in the 18th century.	Gapel	Slovakia
country	Woonam High School is a high school that is located in Daegu in South Korea.	Woonam High School	South Korea
country	Abricots (Haitian Creole: Abriko) is a commune in the Jérémie Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti.	Abricots	Haiti
country	The Saimaa Canal (Finnish: Saimaan kanava; Swedish: Saima kanal; Russian: Сайменский канал) is a transportation canal that connects lake Saimaa with the Gulf of Finland near Vyborg, Russia.	Saimaa Canal	Finland	Russia
country	Dr Ruth Segomotsi Mompati District Municipality (formerly Bophirima District Municipality) is one of the 4 districts of North West province of South Africa.	Dr Ruth Segomotsi Mompati District Municipality	South Africa
country	Anderstorp Raceway, previously known as Scandinavian Raceway, is a 2.505 miles (4.03 km) motorsport race track in Anderstorp (Gislaved Municipality), Sweden.	Anderstorp Raceway	Sweden
country	Zanbil (Azerbaijani: Zənbil) is a small island in the Caspian Sea off the Bay of Baku, Azerbaijan.	Zanbil	Azerbaijan
country	Mir Hasani (Persian: ميرحسني‎, also Romanized as Mīr Ḩasanī; also known as Mīr ''asanī and Mīr ''oseynī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mir Hasani	Iran
country	Monte Petrella is the highest peak in the Aurunci Mountains, in southern Lazio, central Italy.	Monte Petrella	Italy
country	Lay Zangan (Persian: لاي زنگان‎, also Romanized as Lāy Zangān and Lāy-e Zangān) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Lay Zangan	Iran
country	Royal Tulip Al Rasheed Hotel (sometimes spelled Al-Rashid) (Arabic,فندق الرشيد) is an 18-story hotel in Baghdad, Iraq, favored by journalists and media personnel due to its location within Baghdad's Green Zone.	Royal Tulip Al Rasheed Hotel	Iraq
country	Lqliâa is a city in Morocco, situated in the suburban area of Agadir.	Lqliâa	Morocco
country	The Garden Palace was a large, purpose-built exhibition building constructed to house the Sydney International Exhibition in 1879 in Sydney, Australia.	Garden Palace	Australia
country	Bezopasnoye (Russian: Безопасное) is a rural locality (a selo) in Trunovsky District of Stavropol Krai, Russia.	Bezopasnoye	Russia
country	Seekirchen am Wallersee (simply known as Seekirchen) is a town in the district of Salzburg-Umgebung in the state of Salzburg in Austria.	Seekirchen am Wallersee	Austria
country	Tarik Dam is a dam on the Sefīd-Rūd about 32 km (20 mi) south of Rasht in Gilan Province, Iran.	Tarik Dam	Iran
country	Prušnja Vas (pronounced (ˈpɾuːʃnja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Prušnja vas, in older sources also Prušna vas, German: Pruschendorf) is a small settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia, next to the border with Croatia.	Prušnja Vas	Slovenia
country	Bantry House is a historic house with gardens in Bantry, County Cork, Ireland.	Bantry House	Ireland
country	Svätý Anton (Hungarian: Szentantal, translation: St. Anthony) is a village in Banská Štiavnica District in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.	Svätý Anton	Slovakia
country	Presidium Convent (Prezidiju Konvents) also known as simply (P!K!) is an organisation that unites all-male academic corporations in Latvia.	Presidium Convent	Latvia
country	Tășnad (Romanian pronunciation: (təʃˈnad); Hungarian: Tasnád, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈtɒʃnaːd); German: Trestenburg) is a town in Satu Mare County, northwestern Romania.	Tășnad	Romania
country	Yundamindera Station is a pastoral lease and sheep station located about 180 kilometres (112 mi) north of Kalgoorlie in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.	Yundamindera Station	Australia
country	Rionegro Province is one of the 15 provinces in the Cundinamarca Department, in the South American country of Colombia.	Rionegro Province	Colombia
country	Bogusza (bɔˈɡuʂa) (Rusyn: Богуша, Bohusha; Ukrainian: Богуша, Bohusha) is a village in southern Poland.	Bogusza	Poland
country	Champagne Pool is a prominent geothermal feature within the Waiotapu geothermal area in the North Island of New Zealand.	Champagne Pool	New Zealand
country	Metro Culhuacán is a station on Line 12 of the Mexico City Metro.	Metro Culhuacán	Mexico
country	Sefid Barg (Persian: سفيدبرگ‎, also Romanized as Sefīd Barg) is a village in Sharvineh Rural District, Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sefid Barg	Iran
country	Szikszó is a small town in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Northern Hungary, 15 kilometres (9 miles) from county capital Miskolc.	Szikszó	Hungary
country	The Jinguashi Mine is one of the largest gold mines in Taiwan and in the world.	Jinguashi Mine	Taiwan
country	Kstovo (Russian: Ксто́во) is a town and the administrative center of Kstovsky District in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Volga River, 22 kilometers (14 mi) southeast of Nizhny Novgorod, the administrative center of the oblast.	Kstovo	Russia
country	Wleń (vlɛɲ) (German: Lähn) is a town in Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wleń	Poland
country	The House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act 1944 (7 & 8 Geo.6. c.41) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that established permanent boundary commissions for each of the constituent countries of the United Kingdom, and provided for the periodic review of the number and boundaries of parliamentary constituencies.	House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act 1944	United Kingdom
country	Lake Razelm or Lake Razim (Romanian: Lacul Razim, Lacul Razelm) is the lake and the group of the lakes on the beach of Black Sea in Romania south of the Danube Delta.	Lake Razelm	Romania
country	Commune of Bururi is a commune of Bururi Province in south-western Burundi.	Commune of Bururi	Burundi
country	Aungmyethazan Township (also Aungmyethasan Township; Burmese: အောင်မြေသာဇံ မြို့နယ် (àʊɴ mjè θà zàɴ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is the northernmost township of Mandalay, Myanmar.	Aungmyethazan Township	Myanmar
country	Hajjiabad Integated Livestock Company (Persian: مجتمع دامداري حاجي آباد‎ -- Mojtame` Dāmdārī-ye Ḩājjīābād; also known as Hājīābād and Ḩājjīābād) is a village and company town in Zirab Rural District, in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad Integated Livestock Company	Iran
country	Bjeloševac (Serbian Cyrillic: Бјелошевац) is a village in the City of Bijeljina, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bjeloševac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Otuzco is a city located in the highlands of La Libertad, Peru.	Otuzco	Peru
country	Lagaz (Persian: لگز‎) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Lagaz	Iran
country	Copper Bank is a fishing village in the Corozal District of Belize.	Copper Bank	Belize
country	Kimpulan (also known as Pustakasala temple) is a 9th to 10th century Hindu temple located in the area of Universitas Islam Indonesia (Indonesia Islamic University or UII), Kaliurang road, Kaliurang, Sleman, Yogyakarta, Indonesia.	Kimpulan	Indonesia
country	Qareh Zagh (Persian: قره زاغ‎, also Romanized as Qareh Zāgh) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qareh Zagh	Iran
country	In road bicycle racing, the ascent to Hautacam is known as a tough climb, which is used occasionally in the Tour de France.	Hautacam	France
country	Dolni Dabnik (Bulgarian: Долни Дъбник) is a town in Pleven Province in the Danubian Plain of central northern Bulgaria.	Dolni Dabnik	Bulgaria
country	Mevo'ot Yam (Hebrew: מְבוֹאוֹת יָם, lit. Sea Gate) is a youth village on the coast of Israel founded in 1951.	Mevo'ot Yam	Israel
country	Uvita Island, or Isla Uvita (Spanish: ``little grape island''), officially Isla Quiribrí, is a small (0.8 km²) island 885 metres offshore of the port at Limón on the Caribbean coast of Costa Rica.	Uvita Island	Costa Rica
country	Haramosh Peak (also known as Haramosh or Peak 58) is a mountain located in the Karakoram range of the Gilgit-Baltistan of Pakistan.	Haramosh Peak	Pakistan
country	Gurangan (Persian: گورانگان‎, also Romanized as Gūrāngān; also known as Gūrāngah) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gurangan	Iran
country	Bützow Land is an Amt in the district of Rostock, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Bützow Land	Germany
country	The University of the Llanos (Spanish: Universidad de los Llanos), also called Unillanos, is a public, coeducational university based in the city of Villavicencio, Meta, Colombia.	University of the Llanos	Colombia
country	The Canadian Urban Institute is a not-for-profit organization based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Canadian Urban Institute	Canada
country	Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area in the Western Ghats, India.	Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	Mahaicony is a community that is made up several villages on the East Coast in the County of Demerara and Region 5 Mahaica Berbice of Guyana, located at 06°33′N 57°48′W. In other words, Mahaicony's boundary on the coast is from De Hoop on the west and Calcutta on the east.	Mahaicony	Guyana
country	The Guri Dam is a concrete gravity and embankment dam in Bolívar State, Venezuela on the Caroni River.	Guri Dam	Venezuela
country	Chenachène (also written Chenachane) is an isolated village in the commune of Tindouf, in Tindouf Province, Algeria.	Chenachène	Algeria
country	Jalan Tanjung Tuan (Negeri Sembilan state route N167) is a major road in Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.	Jalan Tanjung Tuan	Malaysia
country	Østensjøvannet is a lake in Oslo, capital of Norway.	Østensjøvannet	Norway
country	The Filmfare Awards are presented annually by The Times Group to honour both artistic and technical excellence of professionals in the Hindi language film industry of India.	Filmfare Awards	India
country	Michigan Beach is a beach and small community on the south shore of Lake Ontario in St. Catharines, Regional Municipality of Niagara, Ontario, Canada and is part of the Golden Horseshoe region.	Michigan Beach	Canada
country	Courtallam (Tamil: குற்றாலம்) or Kutralam, Spa of South India, is a panchayat town situated at a mean elevation of 160 m (520 ft) on the Western Ghats in Tirunelveli District of Tamil Nadu, India.	Courtallam	India
country	Colombo International School is a co-educational independent day-school in Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Colombo International School	Sri Lanka
country	Majaz al Bab (Arabic: مجاز الباب‎), also known as Medjez el Bab, or as Membressa under the Roman Empire, is a town in northern Tunisia.	Majaz al Bab	Tunisia
country	Qelij (Persian: قليج‎, also Romanized as Qelīj; also known as Qelīch) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qelij	Iran
country	Or Akiva (Hebrew: אוֹר עֲקִיבָא) is a city located in the Haifa District of Israel, on the country's Coastal Plain.	Or Akiva	Israel
country	Mjedenik (Serbian Cyrillic: Мједеник) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mjedenik	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Suburra (usually spelled Subura in antiquity) was an area of the city of Rome, Italy located below the Murus Terreus on the Carinae.	Suburra	Italy
country	Ain (French pronunciation: ​(ɛ̃); Arpitan: En) is a department named after the Ain River on the eastern edge of France.	Ain	France
country	Wilpattu National Park (Willu-pattu; Land of Lakes) is a park located on the island of Sri Lanka.	Wilpattu National Park	Sri Lanka
country	Mazraeh-ye Seyyed Murti (Persian: مزرعه سيد مورتي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Seyyed Mūrtī) is a village in Dehshir Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Seyyed Murti	Iran
country	The Indo Global Colleges (Hindi: इंडो ग्लोबल कॉलेज) are a group of self-financed and unaided institutes located in Abhipur, Punjab, India.	Indo Global Colleges	India
country	The Pielnica (Polish pronunciation: (pʲɛlˈɲitsa); German: Pella or Piella 1419, Pielica 1441, Pielnyka 1512) is a river in South-Eastern Poland.	Pielnica	Poland
country	The Michael Fowler Centre is a concert hall and convention centre in Wellington, New Zealand.	Michael Fowler Centre	New Zealand
country	Vukmanić is a village belonging to Karlovac in Croatia, population 207 (2011).	Vukmanić	Croatia
country	Maranak is a village near the city of Damavand, Iran, located in Tehran.	Maranak	Iran
country	The Svilengrad railway station is the last station before the Bulgaria/Turkey and Bulgaria/Greece border.	Svilengrad railway station	Bulgaria
country	Mesones de Isuela, also known as Mesones, is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain.	Mesones de Isuela	Spain
country	The Cutervo Province is one of the thirteen that make up the Cajamarca Region of Peru.	Cutervo Province	Peru
country	Lefkovrysi (Greek: Λευκόβρυση) is a municipal department of the city of Kozani in northern Greece.	Lefkovrysi	Greece
country	Škrabče (pronounced (ˈʃkɾaːptʃɛ)) is a small dispersed settlement northeast of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Škrabče	Slovenia
country	Zavrate (pronounced (zaˈwɾaːtɛ)) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia.	Zavrate	Slovenia
country	Tang-e Bibi Jun (Persian: تنگ بي بي جون‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Bībī Jūn) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tang-e Bibi Jun	Iran
country	Iwonicz (iˈvɔnit͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwonicz-Zdrój, within Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Iwonicz	Poland
country	Ruère is a hamlet surrounded with vineyards, situated above Pierreclos (Saône-et-Loire) next to Mâcon, in the south of Burgundy in France.	Ruère	France
country	Mir Abdoli-ye Sofla (Persian: ميرعبدلي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Mīr ``Abdolī-ye Soflá) is a village in Kalashi Rural District, Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 113, in 24 families.	Mir Abdoli-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Scrignac (Breton: Skrigneg) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Scrignac	France
country	Lahat Regency is a regency of South Sumatra (or Sumatra Selatan) province, Indonesia.	Lahat Regency	Indonesia
country	The Mundaring-Kalamunda Important Bird Area comprises a fragmented 137 km2 of land centred on the towns of Mundaring and Kalamunda in the Darling Scarp region of Western Australia.	Mundaring-Kalamunda Important Bird Area	Australia
country	Bedlington is a town situated in South East Northumberland, United Kingdom, with a population of roughly 15,400, measured at 18,470 at the 2011 Census.	Bedlington	United Kingdom
country	Mal-e Khalifeh (Persian: مال خليفه‎, also Romanized as Māl-e Khalīfeh and Māl Khalīfeh; also known as Deh-e Khalīfeh and Deh Khalīfa) is a city in and the capital of Falard District, in Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Mal-e Khalifeh	Iran
country	Sargezi (Persian: سرگزي‎, also Romanized as Sargezī) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sargezi	Iran
country	Dirillo Lake is an artificial lake to the south of Licodia Eubea in the Province of Catania, Sicily, Italy, which was formed in the 1950s by damming the river Dirillo.	Dirillo Lake	Italy
country	Panch Pokhari is a group of 5 Hindu holy lake in the Sindhupalchowk District of Nepal.	Panch Pokhari	Nepal
country	Korhogo is a city in northern Ivory Coast.	Korhogo	Ivory Coast
country	Kobarid (pronounced (kɔbaˈɾiːt); Italian: Caporetto, Friulian: Cjaurêt, German: Karfreit) is a settlement in Slovenia, the administrative centre of the Municipality of Kobarid.	Kobarid	Slovenia
country	The Kaunas Hydroelectric Power Plant, located on the Nemunas River about 7.4 kilometres (4.6 mi) southeast of central Kaunas, Lithuania, was completed in 1960.	Kaunas Hydroelectric Power Plant	Lithuania
country	The Palace of Culture of Tirana (Albanian: Pallati i Kulturës) was built on the Pazari i Vjeter area of Tirana by request of the Party of Labour of Albania.	Palace of Culture of Tirana	Albania
country	The Iloilo Science and Technology University (also referred to as ISAT-U or ISAT) is a public university located in Iloilo City Philippines.	Iloilo Science and Technology University	Philippines
country	The Bare Top Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges, running along the east side of Grenville Channel on the north side of Lowe Inlet in British Columbia, Canada.	Bare Top Range	Canada
country	Lai da Marmorera is a reservoir in the Grisons, Switzerland.	Lai da Marmorera	Switzerland
country	The Hofbräukeller is a restaurant in Haidhausen, Munich, Germany owned by Hofbräuhaus brewery.	Hofbräukeller	Germany
country	The Shire of Serpentine-Jarrahdale is a local government area in the outer southeastern metropolitan area of Perth, the capital of Western Australia, and has an area of 905 square kilometres (349 sq mi) and a population of 17,746 (2011).	Shire of Serpentine-Jarrahdale	Australia
country	Błażowa (bwaˈʐɔva) (Yiddish: בלאזשאוו‎) is a town in Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, Poland, with a population of 2,121 inhabitants (02.06.2009).	Błażowa	Poland
country	Belokomiti (Greek: Μπελοκομίτη) is a mountain village and community in the municipal unit of Nevropoli Agrafon, Karditsa regional unit, Greece.	Belokomiti	Greece
country	Zenpuku-ji (善福寺), also known as Azabu-san (麻布山), is a Jōdo Shinshū temple located in the Azabu district of Tokyo, Japan.	Zenpuku-ji	Japan
country	Manorá (or Manó Râ) is a barrio (neighbourhood) of Asunción, the capital of Paraguay.	Manorá	Paraguay
country	Nanakaly Hospital for Hematology & Oncology is a government hospital located near No Shahed Martyr mosque,in Azady, Hawler, Kurdistan region, Iraq.	Nanakaly Hospital for Hematology & Oncology	Iraq
country	Jalan Bukit Bendera or Penang Hill Road (Penang state road ) is a major road in Penang, Malaysia.	Jalan Bukit Bendera	Malaysia
country	Redcross (Irish: An Chrois Dhearg, formerly Baile Domhnaill Rua) is a village and also a civil parish in County Wicklow, Ireland.	Redcross	Ireland
country	The University of Zulia (Spanish: La Universidad del Zulia, also known as LUZ literally meaning ``light'' in Spanish), is a public university whose main campus is located in the city of Maracaibo, Venezuela.	University of Zulia	Venezuela
country	The Botanischer Garten Jena (4.5 hectares) is the second oldest botanical garden in Germany, maintained by the University of Jena and located at Fürstengraben 26, Jena, Thuringia, Germany.	Botanischer Garten Jena	Germany
country	Ranomafana National Park is in the southeastern part of Madagascar in Haute Matsiatra and Vatovavy-Fitovinany.	Ranomafana National Park	Madagascar
country	Emamzadeh-ye Baba Lang (Persian: امامزاده بابالنگ‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh-ye Bābā Lang; also known as Bābā Lang) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh-ye Baba Lang	Iran
country	Margariti (Greek: Μαργαρίτι; Albanian: Margëlliç) is a village and a former municipality in Thesprotia, Epirus, Greece.	Margariti	Greece
country	Firebase Checkmate (also known as Hill 342) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) firebase southwest of Huế in central Vietnam.	Firebase Checkmate	Vietnam
country	Selçuk-Efes Airport (Turkish: Selçuk-Efes Havaalanı) (IATA: LTFB) is a public airport located at Selçuk town in İzmir Province, Turkey.	Selçuk-Efes Airport	Turkey
country	Yaneh Sar (Persian: يانه سر‎, also Romanized as Yāneh Sar) is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Yaneh Sar	Iran
country	Frog Eyes is an indie rock band from Victoria, British Columbia, Canada fronted by Carey Mercer.	Frog Eyes	Canada
country	Lennox Gardens, a park in Canberra, Australia, lying on the south side of Lake Burley Griffin, close to Commonwealth Avenue Bridge and Albert Hall in the suburb of Yarralumla.	Lennox Gardens	Australia
country	Tokaldan (Persian: تكلدان‎, also Romanized as Tokaldān) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tokaldan	Iran
country	Krong Paoy Paet (or Poipet) is a district (srok) in the west of Banteay Meanchey Province in north-western Cambodia.	Krong Paoy Paet	Cambodia
country	Nahrabad (Persian: نهراباد‎, also Romanized as Nahrābād) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nahrabad	Iran
country	Çapağan (also, Chapagan) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çapağan	Azerbaijan
country	Canouan (pronounced ``can - ah - wan'') is an island in the Grenadines Islands belonging to Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.	Canouan	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
country	Kalaaliaraq Market (Danish: Brædtet) is a market in Nuuk, the capital of Greenland, located in the Old Nuuk neighborhood, approximately 150 m (490 ft) to the southeast of the Nuuk Cathedral.	Kalaaliaraq Market	Greenland
country	Malichów (maˈlixuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrodzień, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Malichów	Poland
country	Račje Selo (pronounced (ˈɾaːtʃjɛ ˈsɛːlɔ); Slovene: Račje selo, German: Rappelgeschieß) is a village north of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Račje Selo	Slovenia
country	Thisted Bryghus is a small Danish brewery located in the town of Thisted in northwestern Jutland, Denmark.	Thisted Bryghus	Denmark
country	Reid Hall is a complex of academic facilities owned and operated by Columbia University that is located in the Montparnasse district of Paris, France.	Reid Hall	France
country	Kemmelberg (English: Kemmel Hill, French: Mont Kemmel) is a hill formation in Flanders, Belgium.	Kemmelberg	Belgium
country	Holmevatnet or Holmevatn is a lake in the Setesdalsheiene area of Norway.	Holmevatnet	Norway
country	The Pyramid of Ahmose was built not as a tomb, but a cenotaph for pharaoh Ahmose I at the necropolis of Abydos, Egypt.	Pyramid of Ahmose	Egypt
country	In 2012, Torrão was, in terms of area, the third-largest parish in Portugal but, due to a territorial reorganization, since 2013 has been the sixth-largest parish in the country.	Torrão	Portugal
country	Cape Hawke (32°12′S 152°34′E) is a coastal headland in Australia on the New South Wales coast, just south of Forster/Tuncurry and within the Booti Booti National Park.	Cape Hawke	Australia
country	Burgas (Bulgarian: Бургас, pronounced (burˈɡas)), sometimes transliterated as Bourgas, is the second-largest city on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast and the fourth-largest in Bulgaria after Sofia, Plovdiv, and Varna, with a population of 200,271 inhabitants, according to the 2011 census.	Burgas	Bulgaria
country	Kőszeg (German: Güns, Prekmurian: Küseg, Slovak: Kysak, Slovene: Koseg, Croatian: Kiseg) is a town in Vas county, Hungary.	Kőszeg	Hungary
country	Located on the outskirts is the National Museum of War and Resistance of the Netherlands, which originated as a museum for a World War II battle (Battle of Overloon) that occurred around the village in September and October 1944.	Overloon	Netherlands
country	Tlik (Armenian: Թլիկ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Tlik	Armenia
country	Uecker-Randow was a Kreis (district) in the eastern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.	Uecker-Randow	Germany
country	Leksand Church (Swedish: Leksands kyrka) is a church building in Leksand in Sweden.	Leksand Church	Sweden
country	Bolkowo (bɔlˈkɔvɔ) (German: Bolkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bolkowo	Poland
country	The Dorimcheon is a river in Seoul, South Korea.	Dorimcheon	South Korea
country	The Sokoto River (formerly known as Gublin Kebbi) is a river in north-west Nigeria and a tributary of the River Niger.	Sokoto River	Nigeria
country	Iisaku is a small borough (alevik) in northeastern Estonia.	Iisaku	Estonia
country	Húsadalur is a small valley in the village of Sørvágur on the Faroe Islands.	Húsadalur	Faroe Islands
country	National Chiao Tung University (NCTU; Chinese: 國立交通大學; pinyin: Guólì Jiāotōng Dàxué) is one of Taiwan's leading public research universities located in Hsinchu, Taiwan.	National Chiao Tung University	Taiwan
country	Spences Reefs is a pair of reefs consisting of two islets, with a combined area of 0.65 ha, in south-eastern Australia.	Spences Reefs	Australia
country	Rubiás is a village in the municipality of Calvos de Randín, Ourense, Galiza, Spain.	Rubiás	Spain
country	St. Valentin (also referred to as Sankt Valentin) is the most westerly town in the district of Amstetten in Lower Austria in Austria.	St. Valentin	Austria
country	The Teacher's House (Ukrainian: Київський міський будинок учителя) is a historical building located at 57 Volodymyr Street, in Kyiv, Ukraine.	Teacher's House	Ukraine
country	Bouches-du-Rhône (French pronunciation: ​(buʃ.dy.ʁon); Occitan: Bocas de Ròse, lit. ``Mouths of the Rhône'') is a department in the south of France named after the mouth of the Rhône River.	Bouches-du-Rhône	France
country	The Meghri Dam (also known as the Aras Dam or Aras Watershed Dam) is a hydroelectric dam currently under construction on the Aras River near Armenia's southern town of Meghri on the Armenia--	Meghri Dam	Armenia
country	Pic de Montcalm is a French pyrenean summit, culminating at 3,077 m (10,095 ft), located in the Ariège department, Midi-Pyrénées region of France.	Pic de Montcalm	France
country	Oula is a village and the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune of Songo-Doubacoré in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Oula	Mali
country	Lake Rotorua is the second largest lake in the North Island of New Zealand by surface area, and covers 79.8 km2.	Lake Rotorua	New Zealand
country	Ekushey Television (ETV) (Bengali: একুশে টেলিভিশন) is a private terrestrial channel in Bangladesh.	Ekushey Television	Bangladesh
country	Cumuto is the site of the Aripo Savannas Scientific Reserve, an area which contains one of the last remaining areas of natural savanna in Trinidad and Tobago.	Cumuto	Trinidad and Tobago
country	The Wanne-Herner Eisenbahn und Hafen GmbH (literal: ``Wanne and Herne railway and port company Ltd.'') (abbr. WHE) is a railway and canal port operating company based around the Rhine-Herne Canal in the Ruhr area of Germany	Wanne-Herner Eisenbahn und Hafen	Germany
country	Château Saint-Maire (``Saint-Maire Castle'') is a castle in Lausanne, Switzerland, that serves as the seat of the cantonal government, the Council of State of Vaud.	Château Saint-Maire	Switzerland
country	The Lobster loos are iconic public toilets in Wellington, capital city of New Zealand.	Lobster loos	New Zealand
country	Stara Cerkev (pronounced (ˈstaːɾa ˈtseːɾkɛu̯); in older sources also Srednja vas, German: Mitterdorf) is a village northwest of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Stara Cerkev	Slovenia
country	Remla (Arabic: رملة‎) is the main town of the Kerkennah Islands, Tunisia.	Remla	Tunisia
country	Les Hay Babies is an indie folk trio from New Brunswick, Canada.	Les Hay Babies	Canada
country	Vyazma Airport (also Vyaz'ma) is an airport in Russia located 9 km southeast of Vyazma.	Vyazma Airport	Russia
country	Ponięcice (pɔɲɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik, within Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ponięcice	Poland
country	Abovyan City Stadium (Armenian: Աբովյանի Քաղաքային Մարզադաշտ) is an all-seater football stadium in Abovyan, Armenia.	Abovyan City Stadium	Armenia
country	La Petite-Patrie is a neighborhood of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	La Petite-Patrie	Canada
country	Kosmów-Kolonia (ˈkɔsmuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kosmów-Kolonia	Poland
country	Gorkhatri (Pashto: ګورکټړۍ‎; Hindko: گورکهٹڑی) (or Gor Khuttree), literally meaning ``Warrior's Grave'', is an historical neighbourhood of Peshawar city, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Gorkhatri	Pakistan
country	Seredyna-Buda (Ukrainian: Середина-Буда) is a city in Sumy Oblast of northeastern Ukraine, the administrative center of the Seredyna-Buda Raion.	Seredyna-Buda	Ukraine
country	Pecqueuse is a communes in the Essonne department in the southern suburbs of Paris, France.	Pecqueuse	France
country	Dunaszekcső (Serbo-Croatian: Sečuv, Sečuj, Sečuh) is a village in Baranya County, Hungary.	Dunaszekcső	Hungary
country	Ouazzane (also Wazan and Wazzan and Uessen) (Arabic: وزان‎) is a town in northern Morocco, with a population of approximately 57,972 (2004).	Ouazzane	Morocco
country	The House of Natali was a noble family of the Republic of Ragusa.	House of Natali	Republic of Ragusa
country	Las Palmas de Cocalán National Park is located in the Cordillera de la Costa, Cachapoal Province, in the Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region of Chile.	Las Palmas de Cocalán National Park	Chile
country	Mali i Lopës, meaning 'Cow's Mountain' in English, is a mountain found in eastern Albania in the Dibër County.	Mali i Lopës	Albania
country	Hotline Communications Limited (HCL) was a software company founded in 1997, based in Toronto, Canada, with employees also in the United States and Australia.	Hotline Communications	Canada
country	Mileh Sar (Persian: ميله سر‎, also Romanized as Mīleh Sar) is a village in Homeyl Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mileh Sar	Iran
country	Usnarka is a river of Poland, a tributary of the Świsłocz.	Usnarka	Poland
country	Pulzar FM is an independent radio station based in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Pulzar FM	New Zealand
country	The Saint Bathans Fauna, or St Bathans Fauna, is found in the lower Bannockburn Formation of the Manuherikia Group of Central Otago, in the South Island of New Zealand.	Saint Bathans Fauna	New Zealand
country	Taksimo (Russian: Таксимо́) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Muysky District of the Republic of Buryatia, Russia, located on the Muya River on the Muysk Plateau in the far northeast of the republic.	Taksimo	Russia
country	Epper Passage Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the north side of Vargas Island in the Clayoquot Sound region of the West Coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Epper Passage Provincial Park	Canada
country	Dimako is the name of a sub-division district and small town situated in Upper Nyong Division of the East Province of Cameroon, Africa.	Dimako	Cameroon
country	Kadamjay (Kyrgyz: Кадамжай; Russian: Кадамжай, earlier also Кадамджай) is an town located in Kadamjay District of Batken Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Kadamjay	Kyrgyzstan
country	Tourkolekas (Greek: Τουρκολέκας) is a settlement in the municipal unit of Falaisia, southwest Arcadia, Greece.	Tourkolekas	Greece
country	Lake Sapanca (Turkish: Sapanca Gölü) is a fresh water lake in Turkey, between the Gulf of İzmit and the Adapazarı Meadow.	Lake Sapanca	Turkey
country	Hajji Maqsud (Persian: حاجي مقصود‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Maqşūd and Ḩājī Maqşūd) is a village in Chah Dasht Rural District, Shara District, Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hajji Maqsud	Iran
country	Bagnols-sur-Cèze (Occitan: Banhòus de Céser) is a commune in the Gard department in the Languedoc-Roussillon région in southern France.	Bagnols-sur-Cèze	France
country	The Daily Prothom Alo (Bengali: প্রথম আলো Prothom Alo ``First Light'') is a major daily newspaper in Bangladesh, published from Dhaka in the Bengali language.	Prothom Alo	Bangladesh
country	Bałcyny (bau̯ˈt͡sɨnɨ) (German: Balzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bałcyny	Poland
country	Lauswolt is an estate in Beetsterzwaag, Friesland, the Netherlands, dating back to the 17th century.	Lauswolt	Netherlands
country	Horatio Nelson visited Monmouth on several occasions, and in 1802 after giving his approval to the Kymin Naval Temple gave a speech In the Beaufort, a local inn, in which he praised the local people and their dedicated loyalty to the monarchy of the United Kingdom.	Monmouth	United Kingdom
country	The Aktash Massif Important Bird Area lies in Sughd Province, the northernmost part of Tajikistan.	Aktash Massif Important Bird Area	Tajikistan
country	The Nathpa Jhakri Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Satluj River in Himachal Pradesh, India.	Nathpa Jhakri Dam	India
country	The Battle of La Rothière was fought on 1 February 1814 between the French Empire and allied army of Austria, Prussia, Russia, and German States previously allies with France.	Battle of La Rothière	France
country	The Committee for Economic Development of Australia (CEDA) is a bipartisan, non-profit, national, independent, member-based organisation providing thought leadership and policy perspectives on the economic and social issues affecting Australia.	Committee for Economic Development	Australia
country	The Albert Einstein Science Park is located on the hill Telegrafenberg in Potsdam, Germany.	Albert Einstein Science Park	Germany
country	Pękosławice (pɛŋkɔswaˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Pękosławice	Poland
country	Vadiabad (Persian: وادئ آباد‎, also Romanized as Vādīābād; also known as Vādī ʿAbd) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Vadiabad	Iran
country	Abechuco (in Basque and officially Abetxuko, according to the Royal Academy of the Basque language Abetxuku) is a village in the municipality of Vitoria in Álava, Basque Country, Spain.	Abetxuko	Spain
country	Erikub Atoll (Marshallese: Ādkup, (æ̯ær̪ʲ(ɛ͡ɔ)ɡʷu͡ipʲ)) is an uninhabited coral atoll of fourteen islands in the Pacific Ocean, located in the Ratak Chain of the Marshall Islands.	Erikub Atoll	Marshall Islands
country	Crossbarry (Irish: Crois an Bharraigh) is a small village on the R589 Regional Road in the Innishannon parish, about sixteen kilometres west of Cork City, Ireland and about ten kilometres east of Bandon.	Crossbarry	Ireland
country	Mihaylovo (Bulgarian: Михайлово) is a village in Northwestern Bulgaria.	Mihaylovo	Bulgaria
country	Tellaro is a small fishing village, perched on a cliff on the east coast of the Gulf of La Spezia in Liguria, northern Italy.	Tellaro	Italy
country	Varna (Bulgarian: Варна, pronounced (ˈvarnɐ)) is the largest city and seaside resort on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast and the third largest city in Bulgaria with a population of 335,949.	Varna	Bulgaria
country	Kakuy-e Sofla (Persian: كاكوي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kākūy-e Soflá; also known as Kāhku, Kākū-ye Pā’īn, and Kākū-ye Soflá) is a village in Panjeh Ali-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kakuy-e Sofla	Iran
country	Darwol Station is a railroad station in Siheung, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Darwol Station	South Korea
country	Iqra Institute for Higher Education is a Somali institute for higher education situated in the town of Badhan, in the Sanaag (Maakhir) Region of Somalia.	Iqra Institute for Higher Education	Somalia
country	Charleston Lake Provincial Park is located on Charleston Lake near Athens, Ontario, Canada in the township of Leeds and the Thousand Islands.	Charleston Lake Provincial Park	Canada
country	Mazraeh-ye Bakabad (Persian: مزرعه بك اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Bakābād) is a village in Mah Neshan Rural District, in the Central District of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Bakabad	Iran
country	Wörthsee (Wörth lake) is a lake in the Starnberg district of Bavaria, Germany.	Wörthsee	Germany
country	Cane Grove is an agricultural community in the Demerara-Mahaica Region of Guyana, standing at sea-level on the coastal plain, along the Mahaica River, about eight kilometres upstream of its mouth.	Cane Grove	Guyana
country	The Protestant church of Wyns or Saint Vitus Church is a religious building in Wyns, Netherlands, one of the medieval churches in Friesland.	Protestant church of Wyns	Netherlands
country	Ubari or Awbari (Berber: Ubari; Arabic: أوباري‎) is a Berber-speaking oasis town and the capital of the Wadi al Hayaa District, in the Fezzan region of southwestern Libya.	Ubari	Libya
country	Bued River is a major river in the island of Luzon in the Philippines.	Bued River	Philippines
country	Kyllini (Greek: Κυλλήνη) is a port town and a community in the municipal unit of Kastro-Kyllini, Elis, Greece.	Kyllini, Elis	Greece
country	Crimon Java or Karimun Java or Karimunjava (Indonesian: Karimunjawa) is an archipelago of 27 islands in the Java Sea, Indonesia, approximately 80 kilometres northwest of Jepara.	Karimunjava	Indonesia
country	Valu lui Traian (historical name: Hasancea, Turkish: Hasançay) is a commune in Constanţa County, Romania.	Valu lui Traian	Romania
country	Rustai-ye Azadegan (Persian: روستاي آزادگان‎, also Romanized as Rūstāī-ye Āzādegān) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rustai-ye Azadegan	Iran
country	Luko (Serbian Cyrillic: Луко) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Luko	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Enua Airport (IATA: AIU, ICAO: NCAT) is an airport in Atiu in the Cook Islands.	Enua Airport	Cook Islands
country	The Ministry of Steel, a branch of Government of India, is the apex body for formulating all policies regarding steel production, distribution and pricing in India.	Ministry of Steel	India
country	The Bibliothèque-Musée de l'Opéra National de Paris is a library and museum of the Paris Opera and is located in the 9th arrondissement at 8 rue Scribe, Paris, France.	Bibliothèque-Musée de l'Opéra National de Paris	France
country	The Muharraq Governorate (Arabic: محافظة المحرق‎; transliterated: Muhafazat al-Muharaq) is one of the four governorates of Bahrain.	Muharraq Governorate	Bahrain
country	Nova Vas ob Sotli (pronounced (ˈnoːʋa ˈʋaːs ɔp ˈsoːtli); Slovene: Nova vas ob Sotli, German: Neudorf) is a small village on the right bank of the Sotla River southeast of Bizeljsko in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Nova Vas ob Sotli	Slovenia
country	Coop's Shot Tower is a shot tower located in the heart of the Melbourne CBD, Australia.	Coop's Shot Tower	Australia
country	Chaheshk (Persian: چاهشك‎, also Romanized as Chāheshk) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chaheshk	Iran
country	Strzebielinek (stʂɛbjɛˈlinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Strzebielinek	Poland
country	Apolima is the smallest of the four inhabited islands of Samoa and situated in the Apolima Strait, between the country's two largest islands Upolu to the east and Savai'i to the west.	Apolima	Samoa
country	Commandment Rock is a large rock located in the Lane Cove National Park, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Commandment Rock	Australia
country	Viswajyothi College of Engineering and Technology (VJCET), Vazhakulam in Muvattupuzha, Kerala, India, is a self-financed engineering college run by the Syro-Malabar Catholic diocese of Kothamangalam.	Viswajyothi College of Engineering and Technology	India
country	Şorkənd (also, Shorkend) is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şorkənd	Azerbaijan
country	Pedum was an ancient town of Latium in central Italy.	Pedum	Italy
country	Rameshwar also known as Rameshwar Wadi is a small town located on the coast of Sindhudurg District of Maharashtra on the west coast of India.	Rameshwar Wadi	India
country	Kompoti (Greek: Κομπότι, pronounced (koˈboti)) is a village and a former municipality in the Arta regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Kompoti	Greece
country	Gorjevac (Cyrillic: Горјевац) is a village in the municipality of Bihać, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gorjevac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Silmala parish (Latvian: Silmalas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Rēzekne Municipality, Latvia.	Silmala parish	Latvia
country	Manresa (Catalan pronunciation: (mənˈrɛzə)) is the capital of the Comarca of Bages, located in the geographic centre of Catalonia, Spain, and crossed by the river Cardener.	Manresa	Spain
country	Cuaró is a caserío (hamlet) in the sparsely populated central Artigas Department of northern Uruguay.	Cuaró	Uruguay
country	Rajndol (pronounced (ˈɾaːi̯ndɔl); German: Reinthal or Reintal) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Rajndol	Slovenia
country	Trimithi (Greek: Τριμίθι; Turkish: Edremit) is a small village in Cyprus, located 6 km west of Kyrenia.	Trimithi	Cyprus
country	Vallenar is a city and commune in Atacama Region, Chile.	Vallenar	Chile
country	Hreðavatn is a lake in the west of Iceland.	Hreðavatn	Iceland
country	Tel Aviv HaShalom Railway Station (Hebrew: תַּחֲנַת תֵּל אָבִיב הַשָּלוֹם) is one of the busiest railway stations in Israel, serving most lines of Israel Railways.	Tel Aviv HaShalom Railway Station	Israel
country	Queensland Conservatorium Griffith University (formerly the Queensland Conservatorium of Music) is a selective, audition based music school located in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, and is part of Griffith University.	Queensland Conservatorium Griffith University	Australia
country	Mbeya is a city located in southwest Tanzania, Africa.	Mbeya	Tanzania
country	Summernats, short for Summer Nationals, is an annual car festival held in Canberra, Australia since 1987.	Summernats	Australia
country	Rembrandtplein (Rembrandt Square) is a major square in central Amsterdam, the Netherlands, named after the famous painter Rembrandt van Rijn who owned a house nearby from 1639 to 1656.	Rembrandtplein	Netherlands
country	Thiruvambadi Sri Krishna Temple(തിരുവമ്പാടി ക്ഷേത്രം) is a Hindu temple located in City of Thrissur in Kerala, India.	Thiruvambadi Sri Krishna Temple	India
country	Sarektjåkkå is the second highest mountain in Sweden and the highest mountain in the Laponian area at 2,089 metres AMSL.	Sarektjåkkå	Sweden
country	The Château de Luc is a ruined castle in the town of Luc in the Lozère département, in the Languedoc-Roussillon région of France.	Château de Luc	France
country	Motuoroi Island is a small island off the northeast of New Zealand's North Island.	Motuoroi Island	New Zealand
country	The Akaroa Marine Reserve, an area of 475 hectares (1,170 acres) at the entrance to the Akaroa Harbour in New Zealand, was approved in 2013 after a lengthy campaign.	Akaroa Marine Reserve	New Zealand
country	Stage Entertainment is one of the world's largest theatre producers and owners, with offices and theatres in the Netherlands, Germany, Spain, the United Kingdom, the United States, Russia, France and Italy.	Stage Entertainment	Germany
country	The city of Jinotega (Spanish pronunciation: (xinoˈteɣa)) is the capital of the department of Jinotega in the north central region of Nicaragua.	Jinotega	Nicaragua
country	The Parnaíba River (Portuguese: Rio Parnaíba) is a river in Brazil, which forms the border between the states of Maranhão and Piauí.	Parnaíba River	Brazil
country	Eiteråga or Eiterå is a village in the Dunderlandsdal valley in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.	Eiterå	Norway
country	Maglaj Fortress is a castle in municipality Maglaj in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Maglaj Fortress	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ilmin International Relations Institute (IIRI) is a research institute at Korea University in Seoul, South Korea.	Ilmin International Relations Institute	South Korea
country	Qanat-e Mir Qalandar (Persian: قنات ميرقلندر‎, also Romanized as Qanāt-e Mīr Qalandar; also known as Mīr Qalandar) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Qanat-e Mir Qalandar	Iran
country	Witheren is a rural locality near Canungra in Queensland, Australia.	Witheren	Australia
country	Conchillas (locally: (konˈtʃiʒas)) is a small industrial town located within the Colonia Department, in southwestern Uruguay.	Conchillas	Uruguay
country	Dovers Building is a reinforced concrete building in Melbourne, Australia.	Dovers Building	Australia
country	Melbourne Museum is a natural and cultural history museum located in the Carlton Gardens in Melbourne, Australia, adjacent to the Royal Exhibition Building.	Melbourne Museum	Australia
country	Tsaobis Leopard Park is a protected reserve of Namibia, located south of Omaruru and east of Swakopmund.	Tsaobis Leopard Park	Namibia
country	The Şemsi Pasha Mosque (Turkish: Şemsi Paşa Camii, also spelled Chamsi-Pasha) is an Ottoman mosque located in the large and densely populated district of Üsküdar, in Istanbul, Turkey.	Şemsi Pasha Mosque	Turkey
country	The Kobe Regatta & Athletic Club, was founded on September 23, 1870 by Alexander Cameron Sim, and is usually credited with being Japan's oldest sports club.	Kobe Regatta & Athletic Club	Japan
country	Cauayan Airport (Filipino: Paliparan ng Cauayan, Ilokano: Pagtayaban ti Cauayan) (IATA: CYZ, ICAO: RPUY) is an airport serving the general area of Cauayan, a city in Isabela province in the Philippines.	Cauayan Airport	Philippines
country	Ratno Dolne (ˈratnɔ ˈdɔlnɛ) (German: Niederrathen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ratno Dolne	Poland
country	The Podtatranská kotlina (literally Sub-Tatra Basin or Basin under Tatra(s)) is a basin in northern Slovakia, part of the Fatra-Tatra Area, which belongs to the Inner Western Carpathians.	Podtatranská kotlina	Slovakia
country	Aipeia (Greek: Αίπεια) is a former municipality in Messenia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Aipeia	Greece
country	Alexandra Bridge Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located in the Fraser Canyon approximately two kilometres (one mile) north of Spuzzum and 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Hope.	Alexandra Bridge Provincial Park	Canada
country	Ajaikapada Bhairava Temple is dedicated to Ekapada Bhairava - an aspect of Shiva - present in Jagatsinghpur district of Odisha, India.	Ajaikapada Bhairava Temple	India
country	Songo Songo Island is a small island located in Lindi Region in Tanzania.	Songo Songo Island	Tanzania
country	Glover's Reef is a partially submerged atoll located off the southern coast of Belize, approximately 45 kilometres from the mainland.	Glover's Reef	Belize
country	Agaete is a municipality of Las Palmas province, on the Canary Islands, Spain.	Agaete	Spain
country	ABU Garcia, originally AB Urfabriken, then ABU Svängsta, is a fishing reel and fishing equipment company from Svängsta, Sweden, and is best known the manufacturer of the famous Ambassadeur bait casting (overhead) reel.	ABU Garcia	Sweden
country	Sun Moon Lake (Chinese: 日月潭; pinyin: Rìyuètán; Wade--Giles: Jih4-yüeh4-t'an2; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ji̍t-goa̍t-thâm; Zintun in the Thao language, also Lake Candidus) is the largest body of water in Taiwan as well as a tourist attraction.	Sun Moon Lake	Taiwan
country	Pandy, Monmouthshire is a hamlet in Monmouthshire, south east Wales, United Kingdom.	Pandy, Monmouthshire	United Kingdom
country	Yalutorovsk (Russian: Ялу́торовск) is a town in Tyumen Oblast, Russia, located on the Tobol River 75 kilometers (47 mi) southeast of Tyumen.	Yalutorovsk	Russia
country	Ilha Grande (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈiʎɐ ˈɡɾɐ̃dʒi) ``Big Island'') is an island located off the coast of Rio de Janeiro state, Brazil.	Ilha Grande	Brazil
country	Poniatowa (pɔɲaˈtɔva) is a town in southeastern Poland, in Opole Lubelskie County, in Lublin Voivodship, with 10,500 inhabitants (2006).	Poniatowa	Poland
country	The Deserters Group is a small group of islands in the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located off the northeast coast of Vancouver Island to the north of Port Hardy.	Deserters Group	Canada
country	Obudu Plateau is a plateau found on the Oshie Ridge of the Sankwala Mountain range, in Cross River State, in the southeast of Nigeria.	Obudu Plateau	Nigeria
country	The Tapado Glacier is a glacier in Chile	Tapado Glacier	Chile
country	Sirikari (Greek: Σηρικάρι) is a small mountain village (elevation 509 m) located in western Crete, in the regional unit of Chania, Greece.	Sirikari	Greece
country	The Yukon Suspension Bridge is a pedestrian cable suspension bridge located on mile 46.5 on the South Klondike Highway in Northern British Columbia, Canada.	Yukon Suspension Bridge	Canada
country	Amderma Airport (IATA: AMV, ICAO: ULDD) is a former interceptor base in Arctic Russia, near Novaya Zemlya, located 4 km west of Amderma (Амдерма).	Amderma Airport	Russia
country	Pruské (Hungarian: Poroszka) is a village and municipality in Ilava District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Pruské	Slovakia
country	The Zebrnjak monument (Serbian: Спомен-костурница на брду Зебрњаку) is located on a high location in the village of Mlado Nagoričane, 8.98 km away from Kumanovo, Republic of Macedonia.	Zebrnjak	Macedonia
country	Stavropol Shpakovskoye Airport (IATA: STW, ICAO: URMT) (sometimes appearing as Mikhaylovskoye) is an airport in Stavropol Krai, Russia located 13 km northeast of Stavropol.	Stavropol Shpakovskoye Airport	Russia
country	Cazombo Airport (IATA: CAV, ICAO: FNCZ) is an airport serving Cazombo, in the province of Moxico in Angola.	Cazombo Airport	Angola
country	Cuvier Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Cuvier Island, a small island off the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand.	Cuvier Island Lighthouse	New Zealand
country	The Basentello is a river that flows near the border between the Apulia and Basilicata regions of southern Italy.	Basentello	Italy
country	Fagam or Gwaram is a town in Jigawa State, Nigeria.	Fagam	Nigeria
country	Yangjaecheon is a stream that flows through the city of Seoul, South Korea.	Yangjaecheon	South Korea
country	Çiftepınar (literally ``double fountain'') is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province, Turkey.	Çiftepınar	Turkey
country	Bad Düben (German pronunciation: (ˌbaːt ˈdyːbən)) is a town in the district of Nordsachsen in the Free State of Saxony in Germany.	Bad Düben	Germany
country	Majosháza is a village in Pest county, Budapest metropolitan area, Hungary.	Majosháza	Hungary
country	On February 18, 2011, it was announced that Homburg Canada will succeed over Cogir as manager of Place Longueuil.	Place Longueuil	Canada
country	Khaneh Sorkh (Persian: خانه سرخ‎, also Romanized as Khāneh Sorkh) is a village in Kashkan Rural District, Shahivand District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khaneh Sorkh	Iran
country	Alte is a village and civil parish in the municipality of Loulé, in the Algarve region in the south of Portugal.	Alte	Portugal
country	The Den Oever Lighthouse is a cast iron lighthouse located in Den Oever, the Netherlands, on the Wadden Sea.	Den Oever Lighthouse	Netherlands
country	Originally named as ``Grand Stadium'' due to being the largest of the North side of Argentina, Racing Club de Avellaneda was invited to play a friendly match versus Atlético Tucumán as part of the celebration.	Atlético Tucumán	Argentina
country	Krzyżanówek (kʂɨʐaˈnuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Krzyżanówek	Poland
country	Savinas (Persian: سويناس‎, also Romanized as Savīnās, Sūnīās, and Sūynās; also known as Sūnīyās) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Savinas	Iran
country	Bakhorram-e Olya (Persian: باخرم عليا‎, also Romanized as Bākhorram-e ``Olyā; also known as Bākhoram and Bākhorram) is a village in Sursur Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 216, in 43 families.	Bakhorram-e Olya	Iran
country	Pyhäranta (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈpyhæˌrɑntɑ)) is a municipality of Finland.	Pyhäranta	Finland
country	Westfield Fountain Gate is a super regional shopping centre located in Narre Warren in the outer south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Australia.	Westfield Fountain Gate	Australia
country	Kuressaare Airport (Estonian: Kuressaare lennujaam, IATA: URE, ICAO: EEKE) is an airport in Estonia.	Kuressaare Airport	Estonia
country	The Baiselsberg in the county of Ludwigsburg in Germany lies within the Stromberg-Heuchelberg Nature Park and, at 476.6 m above NN, is the highest point of the Stromberg region.	Baiselsberg	Germany
country	Aracar is a large conical stratovolcano in northwestern Argentina, just east of the Chilean border.	Aracar	Argentina
country	Pallekele (Sinhalese: පල්ලෙකැලේ) is a suburb of the city of Kandy in Kandy District, Sri Lanka.	Pallekele	Sri Lanka
country	Wodziłki (vɔˈd͡ʑiu̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleniewo, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wodziłki	Poland
country	Dossenheim is a municipality in the Rhein-Neckar (District) in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Dossenheim	Germany
country	Bhadana (Urdu: بھڈانه‎) is a town in Gujar Khan Tehsil Punjab, Pakistan.	Bhadana	Pakistan
country	The Dark Gate (or alternatively Dark Portal, Hungarian: Sötétkapu) is a tunnel located under the artificial slopes of Castle Hill near St. Adalbert's Basilica in Esztergom, Hungary.	Dark Gate	Hungary
country	Ventspils University College (Latvian: Ventspils Augstskola) is a higher education establishment in Ventspils, Latvia.	Ventspils University College	Latvia
country	Viborg Power Station (Danish: Viborg Kraftvarmeværk) is a natural gas-fired power station operated by Energi Viborg in Viborg, Denmark.	Viborg Power Station	Denmark
country	Tobane is a small village in the eastern part of Botswana about 20 km from the copper/nickel mining town of Selebi-Phikwe.	Tobane	Botswana
country	Évora (São Mamede, Sé, São Pedro e Santo Antão) is a civil parish in the municipality of Évora, Portugal.	Évora (São Mamede, Sé, São Pedro e Santo Antão)	Portugal
country	Maxim's is a restaurant in Paris, France, located at No. 3 of the rue Royale.	Maxim's	France
country	Owzan Bijeh (Persian: اوزن بيجه‎, also Romanized as Owzan Bījeh, Ozūnbījeh, Uzunbījeh, Ūzūn Bījeh, and Vazan Bījeh) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Owzan Bijeh	Iran
country	Nygård Church (Norwegian: Nygård kirke) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Nygård Church	Norway
country	Lac de Viry-Châtillon is a lake located in the municipalities of Viry-Châtillon and Grigny in the Essonne department, France.	Lac de Viry-Châtillon	France
country	Crytek was founded by the Yerli brothers in 1999 in Coburg, Germany.	Crytek	Germany
country	Plumieux (Breton: Pluvaeg, Gallo: Ploemioec) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor of Brittany in northwestern France.	Plumieux	France
country	Khak-e Narm (Persian: خاكنرم‎, also Romanized as Khāk-e Narm) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Khak-e Narm	Iran
country	Biograci (Serbian: Биограци) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Biograci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Jamrud Junction railway station (Urdu: جمرود جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is a railway station in Jamrud, a town in the Khyber Agency, within Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Jamrud Junction railway station	Pakistan
country	Archib (Арчиб in Cyrillic) is a village in Southern Dagestan, Russia near the Azerbaijani border.	Archib	Russia
country	Nir Moshe (Hebrew: נִיר מֹשֶׁה, lit. Moshe's Meadow) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Nir Moshe	Israel
country	The Progressive Unionist Party (PUP) is a small unionist political party in Northern Ireland.	Progressive Unionist Party	Northern Ireland
country	Ras Hafun (Somali: Ras Xaafuun), also known as Cape Hafun, is a promontory in the northeastern Bari region of Somalia.	Ras Hafun	Somalia
country	Ørteren is a lake in the municipality of Hol in Buskerud county, Norway.	Ørteren	Norway
country	Hrymailiv (Ukrainian: Гримайлів; Polish: Grzymałów; Yiddish: רימאלאוו‎, Rimalov) is an urban-type settlement in the Husiatyn Raion (district) of Ternopil Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Hrymailiv	Ukraine
country	The New Army, often referred to as Kitchener's Army or, disparagingly, Kitchener's Mob, was an (initially) all-volunteer army of the British Army formed in the United Kingdom following the outbreak of hostilities in the First World War.	Kitchener's Army	United Kingdom
country	Licenciado Gustavo Díaz Ordaz International Airport (sometimes abbreviated as Lic. Gustavo Díaz Ordaz International Airport) (IATA: PVR, ICAO: MMPR) is an international airport located at Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco in Mexico.	Licenciado Gustavo Díaz Ordaz International Airport	Mexico
country	Swedish Board for Accreditation and Conformity Assessment (Swedish: Styrelsen för ackreditering och teknisk kontroll, SWEDAC) is the national accreditation body, assessing the competence of laboratories, certification and inspection bodies in Sweden.	SWEDAC	Sweden
country	Vourinos (Greek: Βούρινος) is a mountain range covering the eastern Grevena and southern Kozani regional units in Greece.	Vourinos	Greece
country	Laghouat (English: Laghwat French: Laghouat Arabic: الأغواط‎) is the capital city of the Laghouat Province, Algeria, 400 km south of the Algerian capital Algiers.	Laghouat	Algeria
country	Villena (Spanish pronunciation: (biˈʎena)) is a city in Spain, in the Valencian Community.	Villena	Spain
country	The Erawan Group is a hospitality company of Thailand, formerly known as Amarin Plaza PCL.	The Erawan Group	Thailand
country	Bar Bodega is a music venue in Wellington, New Zealand.	Bar Bodega	New Zealand
country	Dagadapally (or chinna dagada) (i/maɪˈsɔər/; Telugu: Telugu) is a village in Veepangandla Mandal in Mahbubnagar district of Telangana State, India.	Dagadapally	India
country	With approximately one million visitors annually, the municipality of Medjugorje has the most overnight stays in Bosnia-Herzegovina.	Medjugorje	Bosnia-Herzegovina
country	Tablewo (taˈblɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Tablewo	Poland
country	Nadrybie Ukazowe (naˈdrɨbjɛ ukaˈzɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puchaczów, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nadrybie Ukazowe	Poland
country	Selemnos (Greek: Σέλεμνος, Latin: Selemnus) is a river in the northern part of Achaea, Greece.	Selemnos	Greece
country	Telus World of Science is a broad-based science centre in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, operated by the Edmonton Space & Science Foundation.	Telus World of Science	Canada
country	Vigo (/ˈviːɡoʊ/, Galician: (ˈbiɣo), locally: (ˈbiħo, -xo), Spanish: (ˈbiɣo)) is a city on the Atlantic Ocean in the province of Pontevedra, in Galicia, north-west Spain.	Vigo	Spain
country	Sangan-e Kuknak (Persian: سنگان كوكناك‎, also Romanized as Sangān-e Kūknāk; also known as Sangān-e Kūgnāk) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sangan-e Kuknak	Iran
country	Limakadeh (Persian: ليماكده‎, also Romanized as Līmākadeh and Līmāk Deh) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Limakadeh	Iran
country	Day Forest National Park, also known as Forêt du Day National Park, is a national park in the Goda Mountains of Djibouti.	Day Forest National Park	Djibouti
country	Pampadum Shola National Park is the smallest national park in Kerala state, South India.	Pampadum Shola National Park	India
country	Vérignon (Verinhon in Classical Provençal and Verignoun in Provençal of the mistralian norm) is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Vérignon	France
country	Trissino is a comune in the province of Vicenza, in northern Italy.	Trissino	Italy
country	Ivdel (Russian: Ивдель) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Ivdel River (Ob's basin) near its confluence with the Lozva River, 535 kilometers (332 mi) north of Yekaterinburg, the administrative center of the oblast.	Ivdel	Russia
country	Zaruj Mahalleh (Persian: زروج محله‎, also Romanized as Zarūj Maḩalleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zaruj Mahalleh	Iran
country	Tvøroyri (Danish: Tværå) lies picturesquely on the north side of the Trongisvágsfjørður (fjord) on the east coast of Suðuroy, Faroe Islands.	Tvøroyri	Faroe Islands
country	Aflao is a town in Ketu South District in the Volta Region on Ghana's Togolese (eastern) border.	Aflao	Ghana
country	Data Kakus (a.k.a. Apau Data) is a remote Kenyah Badeng village settlement in the hilly interior of the Ulu Kakus Tatau division of Sarawak, Malaysia elevates to 650 metres, not far from Tubau and Belaga district.	Data Kakus	Malaysia
country	Concarán is a town and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.	Concarán	Argentina
country	Vărădia (Hungarian: Varadia) is a commune in Caraș-Severin County, in the west of Romania.	Vărădia	Romania
country	Sokołówka-Kolonia (sɔkɔˈwufka kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Sokołówka-Kolonia	Poland
country	Leżenica-Kolonia (lɛʐɛˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Leżenica-Kolonia	Poland
country	Dommara Nandyal is a census town located in Mylavaram Mandal, Kadapa district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Dommara Nandyal	India
country	Ein Tzurim (Hebrew: עֵין צוּרִים, lit. Rocks Spring) is a religious kibbutz in southern Israel.	Ein Tzurim	Israel
country	Volsdalen Church (Norwegian: Volsdalen kyrkje) is a parish church in Ålesund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Volsdalen Church	Norway
country	The Dunkettle Interchange is a major road junction in east Cork City, Ireland forming a junction between the M8, N25 and the N40.	Dunkettle Interchange	Ireland
country	Aberystwyth is an isolated town, considering the population density of the United Kingdom.	Aberystwyth	United Kingdom
country	Hamelin Island lies north of Cape Hamelin, just out to sea from the former Hamelin Bay Jetty, on Hamelin Bay, on the south west coast of Western Australia, about 7 km north of Cape Leeuwin.	Hamelin Island	Australia
country	Buksnes Church (Norwegian: Buksnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Buksnes Church	Norway
country	Maidstone Borough Council (MBC) is the second level local authority for the Borough of Maidstone in Kent, United Kingdom.	Maidstone Borough Council	United Kingdom
country	Machame Mashariki is a town and ward in the Hai District of the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania.	Machame Mashariki	Tanzania
country	Dviete Parish (Latvian: Dvietes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Daugavpils District, Latvia.	Dviete Parish	Latvia
country	Polydoro (Greek: Πολύδωρο, before 1929: Μάζι - Mazi) is a village in the municipal unit of Molossoi, Ioannina regional unit, Greece.	Polydoro	Greece
country	Gausganj is a census town in the southeast of the Hardoi district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Gausganj	India
country	Brandstorp is a minor locality situated in Habo Municipality in Jönköping County, Sweden.	Brandstorp	Sweden
country	North Nicosia or Northern Nicosia (Turkish: (Kuzey) Lefkoşa (kuˈzej lefˈkoʃa)) is the capital and largest city of the de facto state of Northern Cyprus.	North Nicosia	Cyprus
country	Bloemhoek Dam, is an earth-fill type dam located on a small river called Jordaan Spruit close to Kroonstad, Free State, province South Africa.	Bloemhoek Dam	South Africa
country	Volavlje (pronounced (ʋɔˈlaːu̯ljɛ); German: Wolaule) is a settlement in the hills to the east of the Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Volavlje	Slovenia
country	The Japanese international boarding school Teikyo School United Kingdom is located in Wexham, South Bucks.	South Bucks	United Kingdom
country	Flaten Station (Norwegian: Flaten holdeplass) is a railway station at Flaten in Åmli, Norway.	Flaten Station	Norway
country	Meyriez (German: Merlach) is a municipality in the district of See or du Lac in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Meyriez	Switzerland
country	Morzewko (mɔˈʐɛfkɔ) (German Mahrau) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Morzewko	Poland
country	Boukoumbé or Boukombé is a town, arrondissement and commune in north western Benin on the border with Togo.	Boukoumbé	Benin
country	Pitseng Pass, is situated in the Eastern Cape, province of South Africa, on the road between Mount Fletcher and Barkly East.	Pitseng Pass	South Africa
country	Elevated Expressways in Hyderabad are a set of two highways in Hyderabad, India.	Elevated Expressways in Hyderabad	India
country	The Golok River (Thai: แม่น้ำโกลก, rtgs: Maenam Kolok, Thai pronunciation: (mɛ̂ːnáːm koːlók); Malay: Sungai Golok) is a river that lies on the border between Malaysia and Thailand.	Golok River	Malaysia	Thailand
country	Gorenjski Vrh (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnski ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Zavrč in the Haloze area of eastern Slovenia.	Gorenjski Vrh	Slovenia
country	Verkhivtseve (Ukrainian: Верхівцеве) is a city in Verkhnodniprovsk Raion, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Verkhivtseve	Ukraine
country	Neusalza-Spremberg is a town in the district Görlitz, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Neusalza-Spremberg	Germany
country	Ambulapcha Glacier is a glacier of the Himalayas in the Solukhumbu District of Nepal.	Ambulapcha Glacier	Nepal
country	Yad Hana (Hebrew: יַד חַנָּה, lit. Hannah's Memorial) is a Community settlement and former kibbutz in Israel's Sharon plain.	Yad Hana	Israel
country	Vabukori is a coastal village south of Port Moresby, the capital city of Papua New Guinea.	Vabukori	Papua New Guinea
country	Spodnje Dule (pronounced (ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈduːlɛ)) is a settlement in the hills northwest of Leskovec pri Krškem in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Spodnje Dule	Slovenia
country	Copinula River (Rio Copinula) is a medium stream in the Sonsonate department of El Salvador, which has moderate to large quantities of fresh water year round, especially from early May through October.	Copinula River	El Salvador
country	Valiv (Persian: وليو‎, also Romanized as Vālīv) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Valiv	Iran
country	The Dawood University of Engineering and Technology (initials:DUET), is a public university located in the industrial area of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Dawood University of Engineering and Technology	Pakistan
country	The Kiewitt Ferry is a passenger cable ferry in the city of Potsdam in Brandenburg, Germany.	Kiewitt Ferry	Germany
country	Togliatti State University (TSU) is a prominent public research University located in Samara Oblast, Russia, established in May 29, 2001 as a result of the merger of the Togliatti Polytechnic Institute (founded in 1951) and the Togliatti Branch of Samara State Pedagogical University (founded in 1988).	Togliatti State University	Russia
country	The Tuku Nature Reserve lies in the Tuku-a-tamatea (Tuku) River Valley in the south-west of the island of Rekohu, the main island in New Zealand's Chatham Islands group in the south-west Pacific Ocean.	Tuku Nature Reserve	New Zealand
country	Lacombe Composite High School, also known as École Secondaire Lacombe Composite High School, is a high school in Lacombe, Alberta, Canada.	Lacombe Composite High School	Canada
country	The Cariboo Mountains are entirely within the province of British Columbia, Canada.	Cariboo Mountains	Canada
country	Kesikköprü Dam is a 49-metre-tall earthen embankment dam on the Kızılırmak River near Ankara, Turkey.	Kesikköprü Dam	Turkey
country	The Arboretum du Val d'Ainan (10 hectares) is a private arboretum located in Saint-Geoire-en-Valdaine, Isère, Rhône-Alpes, France.	Arboretum du Val d'Ainan	France
country	Wairau Valley is the valley of the Wairau River in Marlborough, New Zealand and also the name of the main settlement in the upper valley.	Wairau Valley	New Zealand
country	Omora Ethnobotanical Park is a protected area of Chile located 4 km (2 mi) west of Puerto Williams on Navarino Island in the extreme southern Magellan and Chilean Antarctica Region.	Omora Ethnobotanical Park	Chile
country	Nepi (anciently Nepet or Nepete) is a town and comune in Italy in the province of Viterbo, region of Lazio.	Nepi	Italy
country	Tun Hussein Onn Jamek Mosque or Larkin Jamek Mosque is a mosque in Larkin, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia.	Tun Hussein Onn Jamek Mosque	Malaysia
country	Western Beqaa District (Arabic: قضاء البقاع الغربي‎) is an administrative district in the Beqaa Governorate of the Republic of Lebanon.	Western Beqaa District	Lebanon
country	Bondy (French pronunciation: ​(bɔ̃.di)) is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Bondy	France
country	Mád (Yiddish: מאדע) is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.	Mád	Hungary
country	Nova Vas pri Mokricah (pronounced (ˈnoːʋa ˈʋaːs pɾi mɔˈkɾiːtsah); Slovene: Nova vas pri Mokricah, German: Neudorf) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia.	Nova Vas pri Mokricah	Slovenia
country	Grafenegg is a market town (Municipality) in the Krems-Land district of Lower Austria, Austria.	Grafenegg	Austria
country	Santa Maria dei Vergini is a church in central Naples, Italy, located in the Rione of the Sanità.	Santa Maria dei Vergini	Italy
country	Gatineau (/ˈɡætᵻnoʊ/, French pronunciation: ​(ɡatino)), officially Ville de Gatineau, is a city in western Quebec, Canada.	Gatineau	Canada
country	Smārde is a village in and center of Engure municipality, Latvia.	Smārde	Latvia
country	Afyon Airport (IATA: AFY, ICAO: LTAH) is an airport located at Afyon, Afyon Province, Turkey.	Afyon Airport	Turkey
country	Kudrycze (kuˈdrɨt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kudrycze	Poland
country	The Ofin River is an easterly-flowing waterway in Ghana.	Ofin River	Ghana
country	Machu Kuntur Sinqa (Quechua machu old, kuntur condor, sinqa nose, also spelled Machucóndor Senqa) or Machu Kuntur Sankha (sankha cliff, hispanicized Machucóndor Sanga) is a mountain in the Cusco Region in Peru, about 4,200 metres (13,780 ft) high.	Machu Kuntur Sinqa	Peru
country	Chah-e Dad Ali (Persian: چاه دادعلي‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Dād ʿAlī) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Dad Ali	Iran
country	Shrinathpuram is an affluent locality situated in central Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh, India which lies on Nainital Road.	Shrinathpuram	India
country	The Douro (Portuguese: Douro (ˈdo(w)ɾu); Spanish: Duero (ˈdweɾo); Latin: Durius) is one of the major rivers of the Iberian Peninsula, flowing from its source near Duruelo de la Sierra in Soria Province across northern-central Spain and Portugal to its outlet at Porto.	Douro	Spain	Portugal
country	Sheikh Othman (Arabic: الشيخ عثمان) is a city district in Aden Governorate, Yemen, with a population of 105,248 according to 2004 census.	Sheikh Othman	Yemen
country	Marindia is a resort of the Costa de Oro in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay.	Marindia	Uruguay
country	Tidow (Persian: تيدو‎, also Romanized as Tīdow) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tidow	Iran
country	Lake Disappear is an intermittent lake (see also Turlough (lake) and Polje) situated in the North Island of New Zealand, just over 20 km from Raglan, 4 km beyond Bridal Veil waterfall.	Lake Disappear	New Zealand
country	Mozhabong Lake is a lake of Ontario, Canada.	Mozhabong Lake	Canada
country	The A. B. Simpson Alliance School, Inc. (ABSAS) is a school owned by the Christian and Missionary Alliance Churches of the Philippines (CAMACOP) in Zamboanga City, Philippines.	A. B. Simpson Alliance School	Philippines
country	Fannefjorden is a fjord located in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Fannefjord	Norway
country	Ikamiut is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland, located on a small island in the Aasiaat Archipelago on the southern shores of Disko Bay.	Ikamiut	Greenland
country	List of Norwegian battles is a list of battles fought in Norway or which a significant number of Norwegians participated.	List of Norwegian battles	Norway
country	Oujda Angads Airport (مطار وجدة أنجاد) (IATA: OUD, ICAO: GMFO) is an airport serving Oujda, a city in the Oriental region in Morocco.	Angads Airport	Morocco
country	The Hilda mega-bonebed is a complex of fourteen probable Centrosaurus apertus bonebeds discovered near the town of Hilda in Alberta, Canada.	Hilda mega-bonebed	Canada
country	Pazhamudircholai Murugan Temple is a Hindu temple, located about 16 kilometres north of Madurai, India atop a hill covered with dense forests.	Pazhamudircholai	India
country	Catecka Base Camp (also known as Catecka, Catecka Tea Plantation or The Stadium) is a former U.S. Army base southwest of Pleiku in central Vietnam.	Catecka Base Camp	Vietnam
country	The Southern Democratic Party (Italian: Partito Democratico Meridionale, PDM) was a centrist political party in Italy based in Calabria.	Southern Democratic Party	Italy
country	Lechaina (Greek: Λεχαινά) is a town and a former municipality in Elis, West Greece, Greece.	Lechaina	Greece
country	Tullamore Town F.C. (Irish: Cumann Peile Tulach Mhór) is an Irish football club currently playing in the Leinster Senior League in the Republic of Ireland.	Tullamore Town F.C.	Ireland
country	Psucin (ˈpsut͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Psucin	Poland
country	Aleppo Railway Station (Arabic: محطة قطار حلب‎) more commonly Gare de Baghdad (Arabic: محطة بغداد‎) is the 2nd oldest railway station in Syria and the main station of the city of Aleppo.	Aleppo Railway Station	Syria
country	Queensland Coach Company was established in February 1999 by Greyhound Pioneer Australia to body 135 Scania coaches over five years, including 94 for its interstate coach operation.	Queensland Coach Company	Australia
country	The Comarca Lagunera is the 9th largest metropolitan area in Mexico, and is located between two states, Coahuila and Durango.	Comarca Lagunera	Mexico
country	Baby Point is a wealthy residential neighbourhood in the York district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Baby Point	Canada
country	Bhopalgarh is a town located in the Jodhpur District of Rajasthan state in western India.	Bhopalgarh	India
country	Piršenbreg (pronounced (ˈpiːɾʃɛnbɾɛk); in older sources also Piršni Breg, German: Pirschenberg) is a settlement in the hills north of Brežice in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Piršenbreg	Slovenia
country	Mount Dumas is a mountain on Campbell Island, the main island of the Campbell Island group of subantarctic islands, belonging to New Zealand.	Mount Dumas	New Zealand
country	St. Elizabeth Technical High School is a secondary instition in Santa Cruz, in the parish of Saint Elizabeth, Jamaica.	St. Elizabeth Technical High School	Jamaica
country	Bellegra is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Rome, in the Lazio region of central Italy.	Bellegra	Italy
country	Talavera District is one of the nineteen districts of the province Andahuaylas in Peru.	Talavera District	Peru
country	Naukšēni Manor (Latvian: Naukšēnu muižas pils) is a two-story manor house located in the Naukšēni municipality, Naukšēni parish, in the historical region of Vidzeme, northern Latvia.	Naukšēni Manor	Latvia
country	Stuie is a community in the Bella Coola Valley of the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, located at the confluence of the Atnarko and Talchako Rivers, which is the ``start'' of the Bella Coola River.	Stuie	Canada
country	The City of Rockhampton was a local government area in the Central Queensland region of Queensland, Australia, encompassing most of the suburban area of the regional city of Rockhampton.	City of Rockhampton	Australia
country	Gmina Bobrowo (German: Bobrau) is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gmina Bobrowo	Poland
country	The Cheese Route (German: Käsestraße) is a holiday route in north Germany, which links cheese-producing businesses in the state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Cheese Route	Germany
country	Koroška Bela (pronounced (kɔˈɾoːʃka ˈbeːla); German: Kärntner Vellach) is a settlement in the Municipality of Jesenice in northwestern Slovenia.	Koroška Bela	Slovenia
country	The Geierwand (Italian: Parete dell' Avvoltoio; German: Geierwand) is a mountain in the Dolomites in South Tyrol, Italy.	Geierwand	Italy
country	Veblungsnes is a village located in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Veblungsnes	Norway
country	Vyborg town wall (Russian: Выборгская городская стена, Finnish: Viipurin kaupunginmuuri, Swedish: Viborgs stadsmur) was a defensive structure built around the town of Viborg (today Vyborg, Russia).	Vyborg town wall	Russia
country	Oosterhout (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈoːstərɦʌut); from ooster, ``eastern'', and hout, ``woods'') is a municipality and a city in the southern Netherlands.	Oosterhout	Netherlands
country	Zimunya is a village in the province of Manicaland, Zimbabwe located 15 km south of Mutare in the Zimunya communal land.	Zimunya	Zimbabwe
country	San Ángel is a colonia or neighborhood of Mexico City, located in the southwest in Álvaro Óbregon borough.	San Ángel	Mexico
country	Andrejová (Rusyn: Андріёва, Ukrainian: Андрійова, Hungarian: Endrevágása) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of Slovakia.	Andrejová	Slovakia
country	Beryanak (Persian: بريانك‎, also Romanized as Beryānak and Berīānak) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Beryanak	Iran
country	Periyar Maniammai University (PMU) is a deemed university in India accredited by NAAC.	Periyar Maniammai University	India
country	James Hargest College is a large school of about 1,950--2,000 students, in Invercargill, New Zealand.	James Hargest College	New Zealand
country	Domus Academica, colloquially called Domma, is a student housing complex in the center of Helsinki, Finland, owned by the Student Union of the University of Helsinki.	Domus Academica	Finland
country	Tanowo (taˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Police, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Tanowo	Poland
country	Frosty Boy is an Australian manufacturer and distributor of Soft serve and Frozen Yogurt products headquartered in Yatala, Queensland, Australia.	Frosty Boy	Australia
country	Stadio Città di Arezzo (formerly Stadio Comunale) is a multi-purpose stadium, located in Arezzo, Tuscany, Italy.	Stadio Città di Arezzo	Italy
country	The Haparapara River is a river in the Bay of Plenty area of New Zealand.	Haparapara River	New Zealand
country	Vratkovići (Serbian Cyrillic: Вратковићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vratkovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Moldavia (Romanian: Moldova pronounced (molˈdova)) is a historical region, and former principality in Eastern Europe, corresponding to the territory between the Eastern Carpathians and the Dniester river.	Moldavia	Moldova
country	Sitovo Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Ситово) is a small municipality (obshtina) in Silistra Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located along the right bank of Danube river in the Danubian Plain in the area of the South Dobrudzha geographical region.	Sitovo Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Wola Skorzęcka (ˈvɔla skɔˈʐɛnt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wola Skorzęcka	Poland
country	Olomouc Orthodox Church or Church of St. Gorazd is an Orthodox Christian church in the city of Olomouc in Moravia, in the Czech Republic.	Olomouc Orthodox Church	Czech Republic
country	Namatanai Airport (IATA: ATN, ICAO: AYNX) is an airfield serving Namatanai, in the New Ireland Province of Papua New Guinea.	Namatanai Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	Mount Davraz (Turkish: Davraz Dağı), also sometimes cited as Mount Davras, is a mountain and a winter sports and ski resort in the Taurus Mountains in Isparta Province in southern Turkey.	Mount Davraz	Turkey
country	Manniang Veng is a town within Churachandpur of Manipur, India.	Manniang Veng	India
country	Lago di Nicito was a lake in the Province of Catania, Sicily, Italy.	Lago di Nicito	Italy
country	Abasaheb Garware College of Arts and Science, commonly referred to as Garware College, is located in Pune, Maharashtra, India.	Abasaheb Garware College	India
country	The Frankfurt Main Cemetery (German: Hauptfriedhof) is the largest cemetery in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Frankfurt Main Cemetery	Germany
country	Busówno (buˈsuvnɔ) (Ukrainian: Бусівно, Busivno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Busówno	Poland
country	Cheshmeh Ney (Persian: چشمه ني‎) is a village in Doruneh Rural District, Anabad District, Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Ney	Iran
country	Havířov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦaviːr̝of); Polish: Hawierzów , Cieszyn Silesian: Hawiyrzów ) is a city in the Karviná District, Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Havířov	Czech Republic
country	La Moraleja is an affluent residential district of Alcobendas municipality in northern Community of Madrid, Spain, in the Madrid metropolitan area.	La Moraleja	Spain
country	Villa Rufinella, also called Villa Tuscolana, is a villa in Frascati, Italy.	Villa Rufinella	Italy
country	Pinarayi Vijayan, the former State Secretary of Communist Party of India (Marxist), is a native of this village, and he is usually simply referred to by his village name.	Pinarayi	India
country	The Sonian Forest or Sonian Wood (Dutch: Zoniënwoud, French: Forêt de Soignes) is a 4,421-hectare (10,920-acre) forest that lies at the south-eastern edge of Brussels, Belgium.	Sonian Forest	Belgium
country	Kapelludden is a wetland on the east coast of the island of Öland, Sweden, some four kilometers from the village of Bredsättra in Bredsättra socken, Borgholm Municipality.	Kapelludden	Sweden
country	SSNIT Flats is a community in Tamale Metropolitan District in the Northern Region of Ghana.	SSNIT Flats	Ghana
country	Deh Gap-e Mahmudi (Persian: ده گپمحمودي‎, also Romanized as Deh Gap-e Maḩmūdī; also known as Deh-e Gap and Deh Gap) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deh Gap-e Mahmudi	Iran
country	Persiaran Senawang 1, Federal Route 242, is a dual-carriageway federal road in Seremban, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.	Persiaran Senawang 1	Malaysia
country	Rieju is a manufacturer of mopeds and motorcycles from Spain.	Rieju	Spain
country	Walichnowy (valixˈnɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Walichnowy	Poland
country	Bagnoli Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in northeast Italy, which is located approximately 4 km south of Conselve in the Province of Padua in the Italian region of Veneto.	Bagnoli Airfield	Italy
country	Qatana (Arabic: قطنا‎) is a city in southern Syria, administratively part of the Qatana District of Rif Dimashq Governorate.	Qatana	Syria
country	Bobotov Kuk (Cyrilic: Боботов Кук) is a peak in northern Montenegro.	Bobotov Kuk	Montenegro
country	Zuzgen (Swiss German: (ˈtsʊtsɡə)) is a municipality in the Rheinfelden District of canton Aargau in Switzerland.	Zuzgen	Switzerland
country	Fairfield Institute of Management and Technology (FIMT) is located in Kapashera, South West district of New Delhi, India and affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University is a technical and management degree college.	Fairfield Institute of Management and Technology	India
country	Circuit des Remparts was a circuit race for Grand Prix cars and Formula Two voiturettes held in Angoulême, France.	Circuit des Remparts	France
country	The Shapsug Reservoir, also known as the Shapsugskoye Reservoir (Russian: Шапсу́гское водохрани́лище) is a deactivated reservoir in Takhtamukaysky District of the Republic of Adygea, Russia, located 3 kilometers (1.9 mi) southwest of Krasnodar.	Shapsug Reservoir	Russia
country	Munjeong-dong Rodeo Street is a major outlet shopping center in Seoul, South Korea.	Munjeong-dong Rodeo Street	South Korea
country	Hood Aerodrome (IATA: MRO, ICAO: NZMS) is an aerodrome, located in Masterton, New Zealand, it is located 1 NM South West of the town centre in the suburb of Solway.	Hood Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	The Leading Edge Partnership programme was established in 2003 by the Department for Children, Schools and Families in the United Kingdom.	Leading Edge Partnership	United Kingdom
country	Moss Station (Norwegian: Moss stasjon) is a railway station located in downtown Moss in Østfold, Norway.	Moss Station	Norway
country	Zeanuri (Spanish: Ceánuri) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Zeanuri	Spain
country	Zamcze (ˈzamt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zamcze	Poland
country	Staring-baai (Dutch for Staring Bay) is a bay off the southeast peninsula of Sulawesi in Indonesia.	Staring-baai	Indonesia
country	Acrijos is village of municipality San Pedro Manrique in the province of Soria, Spain.	Acrijos	Spain
country	The Atlatzi River is a river in the Pacific Ranges in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, flowing southwest into the lower Kingcome River, which feeds the head of Kingcome Inlet.	Atlatzi River	Canada
country	Omugulugwombashe (also: Omugulu-Gwombashe, Omugulu-gwOombashe, and Omgulumbashe, Otjiherero: giraffe leg) is a settlement in the Tsandi electoral constituency in the Omusati Region of northern Namibia.	Omugulugwombashe	Namibia
country	Jan Neruda Grammar School is one of the oldest schools in the Czech Republic.	Jan Neruda Grammar School	Czech Republic
country	Serra do Açor Protected Landscape is a protected landscape in the Centro Region, Portugal.	Serra do Açor Protected Landscape	Portugal
country	Dhariawad is a census town in Pratapgarh district (Rajasthan) in the state of Rajasthan, India.	Dhariawad	India
country	Kramrowo (kramˈrɔvɔ) (German Kramershof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kramrowo	Poland
country	Coed Ganllwyd National Nature Reserve is situated behind the village of Ganllwyd on the A470, about 9 kilometres north of Dolgellauin Wales, United Kingdom.	Coed Ganllwyd National Nature Reserve	United Kingdom
country	The Schladminger 4-Berge-Schaukel is the name of four interconnected ski mountains in Austria.	Schladminger 4-Berge-Schaukel	Austria
country	Labytnangi (Russian: Лабытна́нги; from Khanty: лапыт нангк; lit. seven larches) is a town in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located on the left bank of the Ob River, 20 kilometers (12 mi) northwest of Salekhard.	Labytnangi	Russia
country	Cieszanów (t͡ɕeˈʂanuf) (Ukrainian: Тішанів or Цішанів or Чесанів, Tishaniv or Tsishaniv or Chesaniv; Yiddish: ציעשינאוו-Tseshenov‎) is a town in Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, Poland.	Cieszanów	Poland
country	Kadayiruppu is a village on the outskirts of Kolenchery town in Kerala, India.	Kadayiruppu	India
country	Zoosafari Fasanolandia is an animal attraction and theme park in Fasano in southern Italy.	Zoosafari Fasanolandia	Italy
country	Baridhara (Bengali: বারিধারা) is an upscale residential area in Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Baridhara	Bangladesh
country	The Tampere Lenin Museum (Finnish: Lenin-museo) is a museum devoted to Vladimir Lenin in Tampere, Finland.	Tampere Lenin Museum	Finland
country	Gnosjö is a locality and the seat of Gnosjö Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with 4,326 inhabitants in 2010, out of a municipal total of 9,600.	Gnosjö	Sweden
country	Kyrksjön (Swedish: Church Lake) is a small lake in Bromma, a western suburb in Stockholm, Sweden.	Kyrksjön	Sweden
country	Shahrak-e Ansar (Persian: شهرک انصار‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Anşār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Ansar	Iran
country	Koczała (kɔˈt͡ʂawa) (German: Flötenstein) is a village in Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Koczała	Poland
country	Đedovići (Serbian: Ђедовићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Đedovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Strupina (struˈpina) (German: Stroppen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Strupina	Poland
country	Odzhakhly (also, Oazhakly) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Odzhakhly	Azerbaijan
country	Julien Morin Stadium (French: Stade Julien-Morin) is a baseball stadium in Coaticook, Quebec, Canada.	Julien Morin Stadium	Canada
country	Ballyards Halt railway station was on the Castleblayney, Keady and Armagh Railway in Northern Ireland.	Ballyards Halt railway station	Ireland
country	Motycz (ˈmɔtɨt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Motycz	Poland
country	Doi Chiang Dao (Thai: ดอยเชียงดาว), also known as Doi Luang Chiang Dao (ดอยหลวงเชียงดาว), is a 2,175 m high mountain in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Doi Chiang Dao	Thailand
country of citizenship	Jerry Seuseu (born 19 April 1974 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a former professional rugby league player who represented New Zealand and Samoa.	Jerry Seuseu	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Adoum Younousmi (born 1962) is a Chadian politician who served in the government of Chad as Minister of Public Works and Transport from 2003 to 2005 and as Minister of State for Infrastructure from 2005 to 2011.	Adoum Younousmi	Chad
country of citizenship	Bhim Acharya, secretary of Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist), assumed the post of the Minister for Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation of Nepal on 25 February 2014 under Sushil Koirala-led government.	Bhim Acharya	Nepal
country of citizenship	Si Schroeder (born Dublin, Ireland) is the alias of Irish music artist Simon Kenny.	Si Schroeder	Ireland
country of citizenship	Salvador Gonzáles Escalona, born October 21, 1948 in Camagüey, Cuba, is a Cuban painter, muralist and sculptor.	Salvador Gonzáles Escalona	Cuba
country of citizenship	Marilyn Norry (born October 4, 1957 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a Canadian actress performing on stage across Canada and in films and television around the world.	Marilyn Norry	Canada
country of citizenship	Mike McLenaghen (born June 10, 1954 in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada) is a former North American Soccer League player and member of the Canadian national soccer team.	Mike McLenaghen	Canada
country of citizenship	Ilhama Gasimova (Azerbaijani: İlhamə Qasımova; born 1976, Bala Şürük, Lankaran Rayon, Azerbaijan) is an Azerbaijani pop singer.	Ilhama Gasimova	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Mohammed Younis al-Ahmed al-Muwali (Arabic: محمد يونس الأحمد‎) aka Khadr al-Sabahi is a former senior member of the Ba'ath Party in Iraq with a Million Dollar Bounty on his head as one of Iraq's most wanted men accused of funding and leading resistance operations.	Mohammed Younis al-Ahmed	Iraq
country of citizenship	Sir Tipene O'Regan (born Stephen Gerard O'Regan on 1 January 1939) is a New Zealand academic and company director.	Tipene O'Regan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mario Hamuy is a Chilean Astronomer and Professor of Astronomy at the University of Chile and Cerro Calan Observatory.	Mario Hamuy	Chile
country of citizenship	Hakan Fidan (born 1968, Ankara) is a retired Turkish army sergeant, teacher, diplomat and the Head of National Intelligence Organization (Turkey).	Hakan Fidan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Albert Namatjira (28 July 1902 -- 8 August 1959), born Elea Namatjira, was a Western Arrernte-speaking Aboriginal artist from the MacDonnell Ranges in Central Australia.	Albert Namatjira	Australia
country of citizenship	Susan Itticheria (born 1959 in India) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India.	Susan Itticheria	India
country of citizenship	Reuven Abergel emigrated to Israel with his parents and nine siblings from Rabat, Morocco.	Reuven Abergel	Israel
country of citizenship	Heidi Tagliavini (born 1950 in Basel) is a Swiss diplomat noted for her service with international aid and peacekeeping missions; a 2003 profile in the monthly magazine of the Neue Zürcher Zeitung called her ``Switzerland's outstanding diplomat''.	Heidi Tagliavini	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Rajan Khosa is an Indian writer-director-producer who has worked between the UK, Europe and India for the last decade.	Rajan Khosa	India
country of citizenship	Born Roy Livingstone Plummer, c.1948 in Saint Elizabeth Parish, Jamaica, King Sounds emigrated to the UK in 1964, having already made some recordings in Jamaica.	King Sounds	Jamaica
country of citizenship	``Ronaldinho'', the diminutive and term of endearment for ``Ronaldo'', is accompanied in Brazilian usage by the nickname ``Gaúcho'' (since he hails from southern Brazil), in order to distinguish him from fellow footballer and countryman Ronaldo, who was known as ``Ronaldinho'' in Brazil beforehand.	Ronaldinho	Brazil
country of citizenship	Ray Tarantino (born 3 February 1976, Milan, Italy) is a photographer and songwriter of Italian descent.	Ray Tarantino	Italy
country of citizenship	Andrew Dold (born 1969) is a contemporary artist and school teacher living in Ontario Canada.	Andrew Dold	Canada
country of citizenship	Lucy Awuni Mbun is a Ghanaian politician and a former deputy Upper East Regional Minister of Ghana.	Lucy Awuni Mbun	Ghana
country of citizenship	Giovanna Garzoni was born in 1600 in Ascoli Piceno in the Marche district of Italy to Giacomo Garzoni and Isabetta Gaia.	Giovanna Garzoni	Italy
country of citizenship	Ramón Zaydín y Márquez Sterling (1895-1968) was a Cuban politician and Prime Minister of Cuba.	Ramón Zaydín	Cuba
country of citizenship	Born Henri Étienne-Martin 4 February 1913 in Loriol, Drôme, France, Étienne Martin attended the Ecole des Beaux Arts de Lyon from 1929 to 1933, where he met Marcel Michaud.	Étienne Martin	France
country of citizenship	José Cuero born in Bogotá, Colombia on March 30, 1990 is a football player, who plays for Millonarios in the Categoría Primera A, as a defender or midfield.	José Cuero	Colombia
country of citizenship	Herman Schurch (April 7, 1903 in Sumiswald, Switzerland -- November 10, 1931 Los Angeles) was a Swiss-American racecar driver.	Herman Schurch	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Nicolás Vuyovich (Orán, Salta, June 29, 1981 -- Córdoba, Argentina, 8 May 2005) was a sportscar driver from Argentina.	Nicolás Vuyovich	Argentina
country of citizenship	Siaosi Tuʻihala ʻAlipate Vaea Tupou, who was more commonly known as Baron Vaea, (15 May 1921 -- 7 June 2009) was a Prime Minister of Tonga.	Baron Vaea	Tonga
country of citizenship	Saori Yumiba (弓場 沙織, born November 25, 1977 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese voice actress affiliated with Production Baobab.	Saori Yumiba	Japan
country of citizenship	David Nicholls (musicologist) (born in 1955, Birmingham, United Kingdom) is a British musicologist and composer.	David Nicholls (musicologist)	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Alireza Pourmand (Persian: علیرضا پورمند‎; born 21 June 1970 in Isfahan, Iran) is an Iranian football coach and retired player who currently serving as assistant manager at Saba Qom.	Alireza Pourmand	Iran
country of citizenship	Somedaydream is a Filipino synthpop project created by singer-songwriter Rez Toledo in 2011 in Manila, the Philippines.	Somedaydream	Philippines
country of citizenship	Demet Şener Kutluay (born 11 April 1977) is a Turkish actress and former model who was Miss Turkey 1995.	Demet Şener	Turkey
country of citizenship	Tim Cope was born in 1978 in Warragul, in Australia, and raised in Drouin South, Victoria.	Tim Cope	Australia
country of citizenship	Thomas Helbig (born 1967 in Rosenheim, Germany) is an artist based in Berlin.	Thomas Helbig	Germany
country of citizenship	J. Cardim is a music producer who has lived in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Cambridge, Massachusetts, and currently lives in New York City.	J. Cardim	Brazil
country of citizenship	Komba Claudius Gbamanja is a Sierra Leonean politician from the opposition Sierra Leone People's Party, who is a member of parliament of Sierra Leone representing the Kono District.	Komba Claudius Gbamanja	Sierra Leone
country of citizenship	Seyed Ali Aghazadeh Dafsari (Persian:سید علی آقازاده دافساری born on January 2, 1959) is an Iranian politician and representative of Rasht at Parliament of Iran.	Ali Aghazadeh Dafsari	Iran
country of citizenship	Sachin Yardi is a Hindi film director and screenwriter from India.	Sachin Yardi	India
country of citizenship	The son of a caid, Said Ben Ahmed Abbas and Achoura (Maza) Abbas, Ferhat Abbas was born in the village of Taher, Algeria.	Ferhat Abbas	Algeria
country of citizenship	Ashish Kumar (born 1990) is an Indian gymnast from Allahabad, who won India's first-ever medals in gymnastics, in October 2010 at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and became the most successful Indian gymnast in Commonwealth Games history, by winning bronze and silver medals in different gymnastic events.	Ashish Kumar	India
country of citizenship	Nicolas Liez (1809--1892) was a Luxembourg painter, sculptor and architect who is remembered in particular for his lithographs of scenes throughout the Grand Duchy and for his oil painting of the City of Luxembourg.	Nicolas Liez	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Shanti Bhushan (born 11 November 1925 Allahabad, United Provinces) is a former Law Minister of India holding office at the Ministry of Law and Justice from 1977 to 1979 in the Morarji Desai Ministry.	Shanti Bhushan	India
country of citizenship	Jarrad Hickey (born 7 May 1985 in Sydney, Australia) is a rugby league player.	Jarrad Hickey	Australia
country of citizenship	Nicolás Covatti (born 19 June 1988) is an Argentine motorcycle speedway rider who has ridden twice in the Speedway Grand Prix of Italy and has raced in the UK for the Birmingham Brummies and Sheffield Tigers.	Nicolás Covatti	Italy
country of citizenship	Petr Barna (born 9 March 1966) is a Czech former competitive figure skater who competed for Czechoslovakia.	Petr Barna	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Gabriel Julio Fernández Capello (born July 24, 1964 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a musician and composer better known by his stage name Vicentico.	Vicentico	Argentina
country of citizenship	Trevor Stewardson (born March 28, 1977 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a boxer from Canada, competing in the light heavyweight (-- 81 kg) division.	Trevor Stewardson	Canada
country of citizenship	Walter Frentz ( listen ; 21 August 1907 -- 6 July 2004) was a German cameraman, film producer and photographer, who was considerably involved in the picture propaganda of Nazi Germany.	Walter Frentz	Germany
country of citizenship	Miss Kittin was born Caroline Hervé in 1973 in Grenoble, a city in the Alps, in southeastern France.	Miss Kittin	France
country of citizenship	Mohsen Arzani (Persian: محسن ارزانی‎‎; born September 23, 1984) is an Iranian football player currently playing in the Iran's Premier Football League.	Mohsen Arzani	Iran
country of citizenship	Melanie Skotnik (formerly Melfort; born 8 November 1982 in Hersbruck, West Germany) is a French-German high jumper.	Melanie Skotnik	Germany
country of citizenship	It sparked a renewed public interest in ancient Egypt, for which Tutankhamun's mask, now in the Egyptian Museum, remains the popular symbol.	Tutankhamun	Egypt
country of citizenship	Hernán Medina Calderón (born August 29, 1937 in Yarumal, in the Antioquia Department, Colombia) is a retired Colombian road racing cyclist who won the Vuelta a Colombia in 1960 and the Vuelta a Guatemala in 1958.	Hernán Medina Calderón	Colombia
country of citizenship	Yadollah Javani is a Brigadier and the head of the political bureau of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution or Iranian Revolutionary Guard, the powerful and influential branch of Iran's military, founded after the Iranian revolution.	Yadollah Javani	Iran
country of citizenship	Abdus Samad Azad ( pronunciation ahb-DOOS sah-MAHD ah-ZAHD January 15, 1922 -- April 27, 2005) was a diplomat and politician from Bangladesh.	Abdus Samad Azad	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Martin Khor (born 1951 in Penang, Malaysia) is the Executive Director of the South Centre (an intergovernmental organisation of developing countries based in Geneva, Switzerland) since 1 March 2009.	Martin Khor	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Ali Sadek Abou-Heif is an Egyptian human rights scholar, described as one of the leading specialists in international public law and human rights in Egypt and more generally in the Arab world.	Ali Sadek Abou-Heif	Egypt
country of citizenship	Enrico Fabris (born 5 October 1981)) is a former Italian long track speed skater who has won three World Cup races and became the first European Allround Champion from Italy when he won the 2006 European Championships one month before the Winter Olympics in Turin.	Enrico Fabris	Italy
country of citizenship	Dirk-Ulrich Mende (born 1957) is a German SPD politician and Lord Mayor (Oberbürgermeister) of the town of Celle in North Germany.	Dirk-Ulrich Mende	Germany
country of citizenship	If Australia has any producer-cum-auteurs, then Phillip Avalon is certainly one...	Phillip Avalon	Australia
country of citizenship	Arnulf Rainer (born 8 December 1929, in Baden, Austria), is an Austrian painter and is internationally renowned for his abstract informal art. During his early years, Rainer was influenced by Surrealism.	Arnulf Rainer	Austria
country of citizenship	Vasco de Quiroga (1470-78 -- March 14, 1565) was the first bishop of Michoacán, Mexico and one of the judges (oidores) in the second Audiencia that governed New Spain from January 10, 1531 to April 16, 1535.	Vasco de Quiroga	Mexico
country of citizenship	Carlos Otto Junge (1887, Concepción, Chile -- 1978, Germany) was a Chilean--	Otto Junge	Chile
country of citizenship	Mangani Lal Mandal a politician from the Rashtriya Janata Dal party, was a Member of the Parliament of India representing Bihar in the Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Indian Parliament..	Mangani Lal Mandal	India
country of citizenship	Jesper deClaville Christiansen (born 30 June 1963 in Skive, Denmark) is a Danish professor in Materials Science and Technology.	Jesper deClaville Christiansen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Dr. György Nonn (9 January 1918 -- 17 November 2007) was a Hungarian jurist, who served as Chief Prosecutor of Hungary from 1955 to 1956.	György Nonn	Hungary
country of citizenship	Raidel Poey Romero (born February 20, 1982, in Havana) is a volleyball player from Cuba, who plays in different positions.	Raidel Poey	Cuba
country of citizenship	Justice Swatanter Kumar, B.A., LL.B. (born 31 December 1947) is the chairperson of National Green Tribunal and a former judge of the Supreme Court of India.	Swatanter Kumar	India
country of citizenship	Raghunath Vaman Dighe (Marathi: रघुनाथ वामन दिघे) (24 April 1896 - 5 July 1980) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Raghunath Vaman Dighe	India
country of citizenship	Erik Honoré (born 11 December 1966 in Kristiansand, Norway) is a Norwegian writer, musician, record producer and sound engineer.	Erik Honoré	Norway
country of citizenship	Johanna Buick is a former road cyclist from New Zealand.	Johanna Buick	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Yusuke Kosai (小斉 祐輔, born April 30, 1983 in Matsubara, Osaka) is a Japanese professional baseball infielder for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	Yusuke Kosai	Japan
country of citizenship	Jalal Cheraghpour (Persian: جلال چراغپور) (born 11 November 1950 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian football manager.	Jalal Cheraghpour	Iran
country of citizenship	Gerd Greune (15 March 1949 in Hannover -- 24 August 2012 in Hamburg Germany) was the president of the Institute for International Assistance and Solidarity (IFIAS).	Gerd Greune	Germany
country of citizenship	Arisa Cox (born December 7, 1978 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian television and radio personality, best known as the host of Big Brother Canada.	Arisa Cox	Canada
country of citizenship	Takun J uses music to address socio political issues in Liberia.	Takun J	Liberia
country of citizenship	Nicolaos Matussis, Nicolae Matussi (Greek: Νικόλαος Ματούσης; 1898 -- after 1981) was a Greek Aromanian lawyer, politician and leader of the Vlach ``Roman Legion'', an Italian-sponsored political and Aromanian paramilitary during World War II in Central Greece.	Nicolaos Matussis	Greece
country of citizenship	Alfonso de la Cerda (France,1289 - Gentilly, France, April 15 of 1327), named of Spain, Archdeacon of Paris to 1322, Baron de Lunel, 1324, Lord of Tafalla and Caparroso July 1325.	Alfonso de la Cerda	Spain
country of citizenship	Raphael Nomiye (February 1963 - November 2013) is a Nigerian politician and legislator in the House of Representatives of Nigeria, representing Ilaje and Ese Odo Federal Constituency of Ondo State, Nigeria.	Raphael Nomiye	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jordan Selwyn (born 21 July 1989) is a New Zealand-based film and stage actor.	Jordan Selwyn	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Philip Edward Archer (born 22 February 1925, Abontiakrom, Tarkwa) was the Chief Justice of Ghana between 1991 and 1995.	Philip Edward Archer	Ghana
country of citizenship	Johanna Veenstra (1894--1933) was the first missionary of the Christian Reformed Church (CRC) to go to Nigeria.	Johanna Veenstra	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Teodora Blanco Núñez (b. February 28, 1928 - d December 23, 1980) was an artisan in Santa María Atzompa, Oaxaca, Mexico who created her own style of decorative ceramics that influence the potters of her generation and those after in the region.	Teodora Blanco Núñez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Sami Harun Tekin (born 28 June 1977 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish singer, musician, and poet.	Harun Tekin	Turkey
country of citizenship	Joaquín Cuadra Lacayo, a scion of Nicaragua's elite, joined the rebel Sandinista National Liberation Front (FSLN) in late 1972.	Joaquín Cuadra	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Jan-Michael Williams (born October 26, 1984 in Couva) is a Trinidad & Tobago international footballer who is currently playing for Central FC in Trinidad and Tobago.	Jan-Michael Williams	Trinidad & Tobago	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Cristache Gheorghiu (born May 2, 1937) is a writer and painter, born in Romania and settled in Greece.	Cristache Gheorghiu	Romania
country of citizenship	Isabel de Josa, whose full name was Dona Isabel de Josa y Cardona, (c. 1508 in Lleida, Catalonia, Spain -- 1575 in Lérida, Spain) was a Catalan noble woman.	Isabel de Josa	Spain
country of citizenship	Alona Kimhi was born in Lvov, Ukraine (then in the Soviet Union), in 1966 and emigrated to Israel with her family in 1972.	Alona Kimhi	Israel
country of citizenship	Lakshman de Alwis (March 17, 1940 -- April 6, 2008) was the National coach for Athletics in Sri Lanka.	Lakshman de Alwis	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	András Simon (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɒndraːʃ ˈʃimon); born 30 March 1990) is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays for Győri ETO in the top-tier league of Hungary.	András Simon	Hungary
country of citizenship	Liam McEwan (born 1995) is an award winning television presenter, radio host and social media personality living in Auckland, New Zealand.	Liam McEwan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lorenzo Fonda (born 1979 in Modena, Italy) is an Italian film director and artist based in New York City.	Lorenzo Fonda	Italy
country of citizenship	Udagawa Katsutarō (born Hideo Udagawa; December 3, 1939 -- July 24, 1989) was a sumo wrestler from Tokyo, Japan.	Udagawa Katsutarō	Japan
country of citizenship	Cheong Liew (born Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia) is one of South Australia's best known chefs.	Cheong Liew	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Ryu Jae-kuk (Hangul: 류제국; hanja: 柳済國; born May 30, 1983 in Seoul, South Korea), also known as Jae Kuk Ryu is a former Major League Baseball pitcher.	Ryu Jae-kuk	South Korea
country of citizenship	Julián Román (Born December 10, 1977, Bogotá, Colombia), is a Colombian actor, has been involved in theater, film and television.	Julián Román	Colombia
country of citizenship	Miguel Alcubierre Moya (born March 28, 1964 in Mexico City) is a Mexican theoretical physicist.	Miguel Alcubierre	Mexico
country of citizenship	John Denver Hore (born 19 July 1944 in Ranfurly, New Zealand) is a New Zealand country singer and songwriter, better known by his stage name of John Grenell.	John Grenell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Miloslav Bednařík (January 30, 1965 -- June 16, 1989) was a shooter from Czechoslovakia.	Miloslav Bednařík	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Gerald Stourzh (born 15 May 1929 in Vienna, Austria) is an Austrian historian who studies modern history, especially the history of North America, of Austria, of political ideas, of constitutions and especially of human rights.	Gerald Stourzh	Austria
country of citizenship	Eugen Mittwoch (December 4, 1876 - November 8, 1942) was the founder of Modern Islamic Studies in Germany, and at the same time an eminent Jewish scholar (He was a doctoral advisor and rabbi of Rabbi Dr. Joseph B. Soloveitchik.	Eugen Mittwoch	Germany
country of citizenship	Aksel Lund Svindal (born 26 December 1982) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from Kjeller, Norway.	Aksel Lund Svindal	Norway
country of citizenship	Sergio García Fernández (born 9 January 1980) is a professional golfer from Spain who plays on both the PGA Tour and the European Tour.	Sergio García	Spain
country of citizenship	Patricia Navidad (Spanish pronunciation: (paˈtɾisja naβiˈðað); born Ana Patricia Navidad Lara on May 20, 1973 in Culiacán, Sinaloa, Mexico) is a Mexican actress and singer.	Patricia Navidad	Mexico
country of citizenship	Rita Sakellariou (Greek: Ρίτα Σακελλαρίου) (born 22 October 1934, Sitia, Crete, Greece -- died 6 August 1999, Athens, Greece) was a famous Greek singer.	Rita Sakellariou	Greece
country of citizenship	Mubarak Alhammad was born in 1956 in the village of Wadi ad-Dawasir, Saudi Arabia.	Mubarak Alhammad	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Joëlle Morosoli is a Quebec artist who was born in Strasbourg, France, of French and Swiss descent.	Joëlle Morosoli	France
country of citizenship	Justin Fleming (born 3 January 1953), born Sydney, Australia is a playwright and author.	Justin Fleming	Australia
country of citizenship	Parvathy Omanakuttan (born 13 March 1987) is an Indian actress, model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss India 2008 and later became first runner-up at Miss World 2008.	Parvathy Omanakuttan	India
country of citizenship	Mercy Myra is a R&B musician from Kenya.	Mercy Myra	Kenya
country of citizenship	Edgar Percy Blamires (7 January 1878--16 March 1967) was a New Zealand Methodist minister and community leader.	Edgar Percy Blamires	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rolf Kukowitsch was a German football coach who managed several clubs in East Germany.	Rolf Kukowitsch	Germany
country of citizenship	Martin Palouš (born 14 October 1950 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is the ex-Permanent Representative to the United Nations for the Czech Republic.	Martin Palouš	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Daniela Ambrosoli, daughter of German dancer Sonja Bragowa and Italian trader Pierino Ambrosoli is born in Ascona, Switzerland.	Daniela Ambrosoli	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Magda Cârneci is a poet, essayist, and art historian born in Romania.	Magda Cârneci	Romania
country of citizenship	Moses Kiptanui (born October 1, 1970 in Marakwet District, Kenya) is a middle and long distance athlete mostly famous for 3,000 m steeplechase in which he was the number one ranked athlete from 1991 to 1995 and three time IAAF World Champion.	Moses Kiptanui	Kenya
country of citizenship	Bryan Wong grew up in a kampong in Kembangan in 70s -- 80s Singapore.	Bryan Wong	Singapore
country of citizenship	Felipe Cazals (born 28 July 1937) is a Mexican film director, screenwriter and producer his parents were from France but he is registered as born in Mexico, D.F. His wife is Rosa Eugenia Báez de Cazals.	Felipe Cazals	Mexico
country of citizenship	Navy Captain (later Rear Admiral) Oladeinde Joseph was military governor of Ogun State, Nigeria between August 1990 and January 1992 during the military administration of General Ibrahim Babangida, handing over power to the elected civilian governor Segun Osoba.	Oladeinde Joseph	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Kenneth W. MacKenzie (February 3, 1862 -- October 9, 1929) was a politician in Alberta, Canada and a two-time mayor of Edmonton.	Kenneth W. MacKenzie	Canada
country of citizenship	Jaime Pinto-Bravo is a retired professional tennis player from Chile.	Jaime Pinto-Bravo	Chile
country of citizenship	In 1948 Karl Hamann became the party's national chairman in East Germany, confirmed in office, together with Hermann Kastner, in 1949.	Karl Hamann	East Germany
country of citizenship	Mathieu Valbuena (French pronunciation: ​(ma.tjø val.bwe.na); born 28 September 1984) is a French international footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club Lyon and the France national team.	Mathieu Valbuena	France
country of citizenship	Abubakar Ibn Umar Garbai El-Kanemi of Borno (born 1957) is the Shehu, or traditional ruler, of the Borno Emirate in northeast Nigeria.	Abubakar Ibn Umar Garbai El-Kanemi of Borno	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Dzianis Simanovich (Belarusian: Дзяніс Сімановіч; born 20 April 1987 in Chișinău, Moldova) is a racewalker for Belarus.	Dzianis Simanovich	Belarus
country of citizenship	Vangelis Raptopoulos (Greek: Βαγγέλης Ραπτόπουλος) (born 1959, Athens, Greece) is a Greek novelist.	Vangelis Raptopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	Elzéar Gérin, (14 November 1843 -- 18 August 1887), was a politician in Quebec, Canada.	Elzéar Gérin	Canada
country of citizenship	Charles Kalemba is the City Council Chief Executive Officer of Zomba, Malawi, and the Zomba District Chief Executive Officer.	Charles Kalemba	Malawi
country of citizenship	Margaret Bushby Lascelles Cockburn (1829--1928) was an artist and amateur ornithologist who lived in the Nilgiris in India.	Margaret Bushby Lascelles Cockburn	India
country of citizenship	Guido Raimondi (born 22 October 1953) is an Italian judge born in Naples and currently the President of the European Court of Human Rights; his nomination as a judge was in respect of Italy.	Guido Raimondi	Italy
country of citizenship	Sverre Erik Jebens (born 29 September 1949) is a Norwegian lawyer and the Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Norway, a position he has held since November 2004.	Sverre Erik Jebens	Norway
country of citizenship	Adahisa Peña Arteaga (born August 6, 1983) is a pageant titleholder, born in Valencia, Venezuela.	Adahisa Peña	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Giovanni Ordelaffi (1355--1399) was a member of the noble family of Ordelaffi, the Lords of Forlì, in Italy, in the 14th and in the 15th centuries.	Giovanni Ordelaffi	Italy
country of citizenship	Adam Richards is a drifting driver from New Plymouth, New Zealand.	Adam Richards	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Faustin Betbeder was born in Soissons, France in 1847 and lived until sometime around 1914.	Faustin Betbeder	France
country of citizenship	Janet Shackleton is a former New Zealand hurdler.	Janet Shackleton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Samuel Castelán Marini, better known as Samuel Castelli (born May 7, 1985 in Zentla, Veracruz, Mexico) is a singer who won the fifth season of the Mexican reality show La Academia.	Samuel Castelli	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ruprekha Banerjee (Bengali: রূপরেখা ব্যানার্জী) (born 1984 in Kolkata) was one of the three finalists of Fame Gurukul, one of the most watched television shows in India, along with Rex D'Souza and Qazi Touqeer.	Ruprekha Banerjee	India
country of citizenship	Frantz Kruger (born 22 May 1975 in Kempton Park, South Africa) is a South African born Finnish discus thrower who won the Olympic bronze medal in 2000.	Frantz Kruger	South Africa
country of citizenship	Maria de Barros (born February 3, 1961 in Dakar, Senegal) is a singer most associated with Cape Verde, the land of her parents.	Maria de Barros	Cape Verde
country of citizenship	Mariano Bombarda (born 10 September 1972 in Cádiz) is a retired Argentinian football striker, who was born in Spain and started his senior career in the Netherlands.	Mariano Bombarda	Spain
country of citizenship	Nikolay Neprimerov (born 1 May 1921 in Annovka, Voronezh Region, Russia), is a Doctor of Technical Sciences and professor of physics at the Kazan State University.	Nikolay Neprimerov	Russia
country of citizenship	Giuseppina Pasqua (24 October 1851 -- 24 February 1930) was an Italian opera singer who performed throughout Italy and Europe from the late 1860s through the early 1900s.	Giuseppina Pasqua	Italy
country of citizenship	Goutam Ghose (also credited as Gautam Ghosh, Bengali: গৌতম ঘোষ) (born 24 July 1950) is one of the most acclaimed film directors, music director, and cinematographer of modern India, who works primarily in Bengali cinema.	Goutam Ghose	India
country of citizenship	Fujiwara no Reishi (1185--1 November 1243) was an Empress consort of Japan.	Fujiwara no Reishi	Japan
country of citizenship	Helena Hietanen (born 1963) lives and works Helsinki, Finland.	Helena Hietanen	Finland
country of citizenship	Hermanus van Wyk (1835--1905) was the first Kaptein of the Baster community at Rehoboth in South-West Africa, today Namibia.	Hermanus van Wyk	Namibia
country of citizenship	Anthony Severin is the Ambassador and Permanent Representative of Saint Lucia to the United Nations and the Caribbean community.	Anthony Severin	Saint Lucia
country of citizenship	Siavash Akbarpour (Persian: سیاوش اکبرپور‎‎, born January 21, 1985 in Shiraz, Iran) is a retired Iranian football player.	Siavash Akbarpour	Iran
country of citizenship	Saint Kizito (1872 - June 3, 1886) was one of the Martyrs of Uganda.	Saint Kizito	Uganda
country of citizenship	On 1 May 2011 at Stade de France, Christophe Jallet won the Coupe de France with Paris Saint-Germain after a 1--0 defeat of Monaco in the final.	Christophe Jallet	France
country of citizenship	Roberto Urbay studied at Escuela Nacional de Arte in Havana, Cuba where he was instructed by Margot Rojas Mendoza and Silvio Rodríguez Cárdenas.	Roberto Urbay	Cuba
country of citizenship	Bernhard Rust (30 September 1883 in Hanover -- 8 May 1945) was Minister of Science, Education and National Culture (Reichserziehungsminister) in Nazi Germany.	Bernhard Rust	Germany
country of citizenship	Tan Kok Wai (simplified Chinese: 陈国伟; traditional Chinese: 陳國偉; pinyin: Chén Guó Wěi; born 7 October 1957) is a Malaysian politician and is the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Cheras constituency in the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur.	Tan Kok Wai	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Samanta Poļakova (born 31 March 1989 in Tukums, Latvia), better known by her stage name Samanta Tīna is a Latvian singer, best known for participating in Eirodziesma 2012 and Dziesma 2013 and 2014.	Samanta Tīna	Latvia
country of citizenship	Gabriel Veyre was an early film director and photographer born in France, but mainly known for his work in Mexico, Indochina and Morocco.	Gabriel Veyre	France
country of citizenship	Sean Storey (born 19 August 1971 in Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire, England) is a former English professional snooker player.	Sean Storey	England
country of citizenship	Rumyana Bachvarova (Bulgarian: Румяна Бъчварова) (born on 13 March 1959 in Shipka, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian GERB politician.	Rumyana Bachvarova	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Bjørn Johan Muri (born 4 January 1990 in Ålesund, Norway) is a Norwegian singer known for having taken part in Series 5 Idol (the Norwegian Pop Idol) in 2007 where he came runner-up.	Bjørn Johan Muri	Norway
country of citizenship	Drauzio Varella, MD, (born January 1, 1943 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian physician, educator, scientist and noted medical science popularizer in the press and TV, as well as best-selling author.	Drauzio Varella	Brazil
country of citizenship	Amrit Kumar Bohara (Nepali: अमृतकुमार बोहरा), born April 27, 1948, is a leader of the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist) (CPN(UML)).	Amrit Kumar Bohara	Nepal
country of citizenship	In 2010, he moved to Turkey and adopted the Turkish name Ali Kaya.	Ali Kaya	Turkey
country of citizenship	Gonzalo Pineda was part of Mexico's Olympic football team, which exited in the first round, having finished third in group A, below group winners Mali and South Korea.	Gonzalo Pineda	Mexico
country of citizenship	Rap artist/record producer Don Cash was born April 6, 1978, in Brampton, Ontario, Canada, a suburb northwest of Toronto.	Don Cash	Canada
country of citizenship	At age three, Khamis Gaddafi was injured in the 15 April 1986 U.S. bombing of Libya, suffering head injuries when the Bab al-Azizia military compound was attacked in retaliation for the 1986 Berlin discotheque bombing.	Khamis Gaddafi	Libya
country of citizenship	Lê Hiến Tông (chữ Hán: 黎憲宗;1461 -- 1504) was the 6th monarch of Vietnam's Lê dynasty reigning over Đại Việt from 1497 to 1504.	Lê Hiến Tông	Vietnam
country of citizenship	John Woolfe (23 March 1932--14 June 1969) was a British racing driver from England, who specialised in sports car racing.	John Woolfe	England
country of citizenship	Currently, Freida and her sons reside in Baden-Baden Germany in the home that Aribert Heim shared with his family before he went into hiding.	Aribert Heim	Germany
country of citizenship	Deva Raya II's rule is the golden age in the history of South India and in particular, that of Karnataka.	Deva Raya II	India
country of citizenship	Juha Varto (born 27 June 1949) is a Finnish philosopher, considered the most important phenomenologist in Finland, known also for his prolific output on a variety of philosophical themes.	Juha Varto	Finland
country of citizenship	Xavier Marchand (born 4 August 1973 in Deauville) is a former medley swimmer from France, who competed at two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1996 in Atlanta, Georgia.	Xavier Marchand	France
country of citizenship	Franciszek Ksawery Lampi, also known as Franz Xaver Lampi (22 January 1782 -- 22 July 1852), was a Polish Romantic painter born in Austria of ethnic Italian background.	Franciszek Ksawery Lampi	Austria
country of citizenship	Sebastián Rossi (born February 12, 1992 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine slalom canoer.	Sebastián Rossi	Argentina
country of citizenship	Edgar Cyril Rushton (23 November 1922 -- 23 August 1992) was an Australian politician who was the Deputy Premier of Western Australia from 1982 to 1983.	Cyril Rushton	Australia
country of citizenship	Syed Asif Quadri (Urdu: سيد آصف قادرى ) (born 19 November 1936) was a top seeded tennis player of India and outstanding sportsman.	Syed Asif Quadri	India
country of citizenship	Fu Tinggui (Chinese: 符廷贵; born August 1944) is a general of the People's Liberation Army of the People's Republic of China.	Fu Tinggui	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Hikaru Ito (伊藤 光, born April 23, 1989 in Okazaki, Aichi) is a Japanese professional baseball catcher for the Orix Buffaloes in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	Hikaru Ito	Japan
country of citizenship	Tim Hecker is an electronic musician and sound artist based in Los Angeles, USA and Montreal, Canada.	Tim Hecker	Canada
country of citizenship	As a little girl, Anna Lundh used to sit glued in front of the television and long for being a contender in ``Survivor'' Sweden - (known as ``Expedition Robinson'').	Anna Lundh	Sweden
country of citizenship	Louis de Brézé, Seigneur d'Anet and Comte de Maulevrier (died July 23, 1531) was a French nobleman, the grandson of King Charles VII of France by his natural daughter with his mistress Agnès Sorel.	Louis de Brézé	France
country of citizenship	Muhammad Rizieq Shihab took some graduate program at International Islamic University Malaysia, but only for one year and went back to Indonesia before he could finished it.	Muhammad Rizieq Shihab	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Ted Albert joined the family music business, J. Albert & Son (now Albert Music) in the mid to late 1950s at a time when Rock and roll was emerging into the music mainstream in the United States, Australia and Europe.	Ted Albert	Australia
country of citizenship	Başak Şenova (born 1970) is an art curator, writer and designer based in Istanbul, Turkey.	Başak Şenova	Turkey
country of citizenship	Christof Wandratsch (born December 20, 1966) is a long distance swimmer from Germany.	Christof Wandratsch	Germany
country of citizenship	Anthony Perruzza (born 1959 or 1960) is a politician in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Anthony Perruzza	Canada
country of citizenship	Violeta Delgado (born 17 October 1996 in Lima, Peru) is a Peruvian volleyball player who plays as libero for the Peru national team.	Violeta Delgado	Peru
country of citizenship	Mukesh Batra is a homeopathy practitioner and the CEO of Dr. Batra's Positive Health Clinic Pvt Ltd a chain of homeopathy clinics in India.	Mukesh Batra	India
country of citizenship	Leda Sanford, (b. October 11, 1933, in Lucca, Italy), is an author, speaker, former publisher, and advertising director.	Leda Sanford	Italy
country of citizenship	Ingrid Cronin-Knight (born 6 October 1977) is a New Zealand women's cricketer.	Ingrid Cronin-Knight	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marcel Locquin, born May 6, 1922 in Lyon, France, died March 18, 2009, was a French mycologist.	Marcel Locquin	France
country of citizenship	Tasma Walton (born 19 August 1973 in Geraldton, Western Australia) is an Australian television and film actress.	Tasma Walton	Australia
country of citizenship	Ludovik Jakova (1912-1988) was a former Albanian footballer and coach of Albania national football team for a short spell in 1949-1950, where he led the team in 6 friendlies.	Ludovik Jakova	Albania
country of citizenship	Eduard Tismănaru (born 25 May 1987 in Oneşti, Romania) is a Romanian footballer currently under contract for Romanian side FC Oţelul Galaţi, but on loan at Liga II side FCM Bacău.	Eduard Tismănaru	Romania
country of citizenship	Michel Saloff Coste (born June 28, 1955) is an artist and professor at the École des Hautes Études Commerciales, in the Executive Development department, and co-founder of the Club of Budapest France--an international non-profit organisation dedicated to leading citizens into discussing complex global issues.	Michel Saloff Coste	France
country of citizenship	Nicholas Cleaver (born 9 May 1975) is an Australian freestyle skier, who represented Australia in the Winter Olympics, in 1992 and 1994.	Nicholas Cleaver	Australia
country of citizenship	Garcias de Cisneros (1455--1510) (also Garcia de Cisneros) was the abbot at the abbey of Montserrat in Spain.	Garcias de Cisneros	Spain
country of citizenship	Saidu Kargbo (born 15 August 1982) is a boxer from Sierra Leone who competed at the 2008 Olympics.	Saidu Kargbo	Sierra Leone
country of citizenship	Robert Tanielu (born 19 June 1982 in Christchurch) is a former New Zealand rugby league player.	Robert Tanielu	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pam Burridge (born 1965) is an Australian surfer, one of the pioneers of women's surfing in Australia.	Pam Burridge	Australia
country of citizenship	Sheikh Hassan al-Saffar (Arabic: الشيخ حسن الصفار, born 1958) is a Shi'a scholar from Qatif, Saudi Arabia.	Hassan al-Saffar	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	David Vélez (born in 1973 in Bogotá, Colombia) is a sound artist / composer.	David Vélez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Marco Büchel (born 4 November 1971 in Walenstadt, Switzerland) is a retired alpine ski racer from Liechtenstein.	Marco Büchel	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	Peter Hagström (born April 4, 1967, in Grums, Sweden) is a former professional Swedish ice hockey player.	Peter Hagström	Sweden
country of citizenship	Elisabete Matos (September 1964) was born in Caldas das Taipas, Guimarães , Portugal and she began her first musical studies in at the Conservatório de Música Calouste Gulbenkian de Braga.	Elisabete Matos	Portugal
country of citizenship	Kadri Göktulga (1904 -- 18 October 1973) was a Turkish football player who played for Fenerbahçe and the Turkey national football team.	Kadri Göktulga	Turkey
country of citizenship	Eugenia Cauduro (Spanish pronunciation: (euˈxenja kauˈðuɾo)) (born Eugenia Cauduro Rodríguez on December 20, 1967 in Mexico City, Distrito Federal) is a Mexican actress and model.	Eugenia Cauduro	Mexico
country of citizenship	Andri Steinn Guðjónsson is an Icelandic film editor born March 12, 1979 in Reykjavík, Iceland.	Andri Steinn	Iceland
country of citizenship	Ingar Knudtsen is a Norwegian novelist and poet, who was born 23 December 1944, in Smøla, Norway.	Ingar Knudtsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Keni'chiro Arai (新井 健一郎) (born July 7, 1972 in Nerima, Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese wrestler for Dragon Gate.	Keni'chiro Arai	Japan
country of citizenship	Oteng Oteng is an amateur boxer from Botswana who qualified for the 2012 Olympics.	Oteng Oteng	Botswana
country of citizenship	Patricio Caxés, Caxesi, or Caxete, (died 1612) was an Italian painter who primarily lived and worked in Spain.	Patricio Caxés	Spain
country of citizenship	Đoàn Việt Cường (born January 1, 1985 in Đồng Tháp) is a Vietnamese Footballer who currently playing for Xuân Thành Sài Gòn in V-League and a member of Vietnam national football team.	Đoàn Việt Cường	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Shyam Lal Meena (born March 4, 1965 in Banswara, Rajasthan, India) is an archer from India.	Shyam Lal Meena	India
country of citizenship	After signing his first label deal to Shake's Records, Bassive released to hit remixes made him a famous name in the UAE and France's music scene.	Bassive	France
country of citizenship	Aslan Abashidze (Georgian: ასლან აბაშიძე) (born in Batumi, July 20, 1938) was the leader of the Ajarian Autonomous Republic in western Georgia from 1991 to May 5, 2004.	Aslan Abashidze	Georgia
country of citizenship	Nammalvar (Tamil: Nammāḻvār) is one of the twelve alwar saints of Tamil Nadu, India, who are known for their affiliation to the Vaishnava tradition of Hinduism.	Nammalvar	India
country of citizenship	Kostas Triantafyllopoulos (also written as Kostas Triantafillopoulos) (Greek: Κώστας Τριανταφυλλόπουλος) (born 8 February 1956 in Athinaio, Arcadia, Greece) is a Greek actor.	Kostas Triantafyllopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	Udo Steiner (born September 16, 1939 in Bayreuth) was a Judge at the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany from 1995 to 2007.	Udo Steiner	Germany
country of citizenship	Nicholas Buckland (born 9 June 1989) is an English ice dancer who represents the United Kingdom.	Nicholas Buckland	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	On October 24, 2012 Louise Fribo created the role of Christine Daaé in Love Never Dies at the Det Ny Teater in Denmark.	Louise Fribo	Denmark
country of citizenship	Stephnie de Ruyter is the leader of the New Zealand Democratic Party, a small left-wing New Zealand political party based upon Social Credit economics.	Stephnie de Ruyter	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Laurent Fournier (born 14 September 1964, in Lyon, France) is a former French footballer and manager.	Laurent Fournier	France
country of citizenship	Carla Werner is a singer and songwriter from New Zealand who began her music career at age 11.	Carla Werner	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Li Xiuren (Chinese: 李修仁) (1921 -- 1 February 2016) was a People's Republic of China politician.	Li Xiuren	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Blessed Marie-Clémentine Anuarite Nengapeta (December 29, 1939 -- December 1, 1964) was a member of the Holy Family Sisters in Bafwabaka, Belgian Congo, respectively Republic of the Congo (Leopoldville) (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo).	Marie-Clémentine Anuarite Nengapeta	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Xenia Fedorova (born December 26, 1980) is an international journalist, currently holding the position of the CEO of the full-service video news agency Ruptly, a member of the RT media family (Russia Today).	Xenia Fedorova	Russia
country of citizenship	Johan Björnsson Printz (July 20, 1592 -- May 3, 1663) was governor from 1643 until 1653 of the Swedish colony of New Sweden on the Delaware River in North America.	Johan Björnsson Printz	Sweden
country of citizenship	Claudine Beccarie (born 14 June 1945 in Créteil, Val-de-Marne, France) was a French pornographic actress of the 1970s.	Claudine Beccarie	France
country of citizenship	Rasmus Otto Mønsted (23 November 1838 - 4 September 1916) was an industrialist and margarine manufacturer from Denmark.	Otto Mønsted	Denmark
country of citizenship	Zuhal Olcay (Turkish pronunciation: (zuˈhal olˈdʒaj)) (née İşanç) (born 10 August 1957 in Üsküdar, Istanbul, Turkey) is a famous Turkish actress and singer.	Zuhal Olcay	Turkey
country of citizenship	Jonathan Boston (born 1957) is a New Zealand academic and Professor of Policy Studies at the Victoria University of Wellington School of Government.	Jonathan Boston	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Abraham Faure (29 August 1795 -- 28 March 1875) was a clergyman and author from Cape Colony, part of what later became South Africa.	Abraham Faure	South Africa
country of citizenship	Patrick de Napoli (born 17 November 1975 in Baar) is a footballer from Switzerland who is also of Italian descent.	Patrick de Napoli	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Arturo J. Marcano Guevara, a native of Caracas, Venezuela, is an author on the topic of professional baseball in Latin America.	Arturo J. Marcano Guevara	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Konstantinos Kosmopoulos (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Κοσμόπουλος; 1928 -- February 12, 2011) was a Greek politician who served as the Mayor of Thessaloniki, Greece's second largest city, from 1989 to 1999.	Konstantinos Kosmopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	Roh Ji-hoon was born on July 12, 1990 in Incheon, South Korea, he is the younger sibling in his family and has an older sister, and he graduated from Seoul Physical Education High school.	Roh Ji-hoon	South Korea
country of citizenship	Jasem Yaqoub Sultan Al-Besara (born 25 October 1953 in Kuwait City) is a former Kuwaiti footballer.	Jasem Yaqoub	Kuwait
country of citizenship	Ania Walwicz spent her childhood in Poland, coming to Australia in 1963 where she attended the Victorian College of the Arts (VCA) in Melbourne.	Ania Walwicz	Australia
country of citizenship	Krishnendu Narayan Choudhury is an All India Trinamool Congress politician, MLA from English Bazar and minister in the Council of Ministers of West Bengal.	Krishnendu Narayan Choudhury	India
country of citizenship	Francis John Fox (20 September 1857 -- 27 February 1902) was a New Zealand soldier and farmer.	Francis John Fox	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kostas Kolomitrousis (born 30 March 1964 in Greece) is a former professional football player and currently the coach of the youth team of AE Larissa.	Kostas Kolomitrousis	Greece
country of citizenship	Born in Brazil, Deco received Portuguese citizenship in 2002 having completed five years of Portuguese residence, subsequently opting to play internationally for the Portugal national football team.	Deco	Brazil	Portugal
country of citizenship	Maximilian C. Jehuda Ewert (b. 1974, Soltau, Germany) is a composer and violinist.	Maximilian C. Jehuda Ewert	Germany
country of citizenship	Onofre R. Pagsanghan (born June 12, 1927) is a teacher and screenplay writer from the Ateneo de Manila High School, Philippines.	Onofre R. Pagsanghan	Philippines
country of citizenship	Rigan Machado (born 2 July 1966 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is an 8th degree red and black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, earning his rank under Carlos Gracie Jr. He is a former Pan American Champion (1996, 1997 weight and absolute) and a veteran medalist of the ADCC.	Rigan Machado	Brazil
country of citizenship	Turlough O'Hare (born July 16, 1969) is a former international freestyle swimmer who competed in two Summer Olympics for Canada: in 1988 in Seoul and 1992 in Barcelona.	Turlough O'Hare	Canada
country of citizenship	Nihal Chandran is an Indian footballer who plays as Centre Defender for Mumbai FC in India's i-League.	Nihal Chandran	India
country of citizenship	Efraín Goldenberg Schreiber, or ``Efraím,'' served as Peru's finance minister, foreign relations minister, and prime minister in the 1990s.	Efraín Goldenberg	Peru
country of citizenship	Alistair Browning is a New Zealand actor who played the role of Damrod, a soldier of Faramir's Rangers, in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings:	Alistair Browning	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Shaunaka Rishi Das, by way of an invitation to the International Colloquium of Christians and Jews, was introduced to the world of inter-religious dialogue, in 1985, by the then Chief Rabbi of Ireland, Rabbi David Rosen.	Shaunaka Rishi Das	Ireland
country of citizenship	Artur Ullrich (born October 10, 1957 in Berlin) is a former football (soccer) player from East Germany.	Artur Ullrich	East Germany
country of citizenship	François du Souhait (between 1570 and 1580 -- 1617, Nancy) was a French language author (translator, novelist, poet, satirist, moral philosopher) of the late 16th and early 17th century from the Duchy of Lorraine (at the time, a sovereign court with ties to France).	François du Souhait	France
country of citizenship	Hiroka Yaginuma trained under Mima Shimoda and Shinobu Kandori before her professional wrestling debut, and would later receive further training from Jose Luis Feliciano and El Hijo Del Gladiador when she began working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) in Mexico.	Hiroka Yaginuma	Mexico
country of citizenship	Malam Bacai Sanhá (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈmalɐ̃ bɐˈkaj sɐˈɲa)) (5 May 1947 -- 9 January 2012) was a Guinea-Bissau politician who was President of Guinea-Bissau from 8 September 2009 to 9 January 2012.	Malam Bacai Sanhá	Guinea-Bissau
country of citizenship	Louisa Bisby (born 1 June 1979) is an Australian football (soccer) player, born in England, who last played for Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League, and with the Matildas representing Australia.	Louisa Bisby	Australia
country of citizenship	Nicolau Coelho (c.1460-1502) was presumably born in the Felgueiras region of Fafe in the district of Braga in northern Portugal, though others say in Guimarães, Braga, Portugal.	Nicolau Coelho	Portugal
country of citizenship	Edoardo Bennato (born July 23, 1946, Naples, Campania, Italy) is an Italian singer-songwriter.	Edoardo Bennato	Italy
country of citizenship	Joshua Sridhar (born 1974 in Chennai, India) is an Indian film composer and music director.	Joshua Sridhar	India
country of citizenship	Alisha Farrer (born 19 October 1993) is an Australian born model and actress and previous Miss Australia title holder currently working in Bollywood films and television.	Alisha Farrer	Australia
country of citizenship	Laurent Chambon (born Laurent Pascal Chambon Guéguen on 22 May 1972 in Châtenay-Malabry France) is a French sociologist and politicologist living in Amsterdam since 1998.	Laurent Chambon	France
country of citizenship	Brian Bansgrove was a New Zealand gaffer (chief lighting technician for motion pictures) best known for his work on The Lord of the Rings film trilogy.	Brian Bansgrove	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Macropedius was born as Joris van Lanckvelt in Gemert (Northern Brabant, the Netherlands) in 1487.	Macropedius	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Clare Warwick is an Australia softball player from Canberra.	Clare Warwick	Australia
country of citizenship	Per Arne Ferner (born 1985 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz guitarist, known from bands like Flux and Ferner/Juliusson Duo.	Per Arne Ferner	Norway
country of citizenship	Eliseu dos Santos (born 15 November 1976) is a Paralympic boccia player of Brazil.	Eliseu dos Santos	Brazil
country of citizenship	Abraham Serfaty (Arabic: أبراهام سرفاتي‎‎; 1926 -- 18 November 2010) was an internationally prominent Moroccan dissident, militant, and political activist, who was imprisoned for years by King Hassan II of Morocco, for his political actions in favor of democracy and developments regime, during the Years of Lead.	Abraham Serfaty	Morocco
country of citizenship	Jery Sandoval (born 18 December 1986, in Barranquilla, Colombia) is an actress, model and singer.	Jery Sandoval	Colombia
country of citizenship	Joseph Toronto (born Giuseppe Taranto) (June 25, 1818 -- July 6, 1883) was the first Italian convert to the Latter Day Saint movement and was one of the first missionaries of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Italy.	Joseph Toronto	Italy
country of citizenship	Sardar Mir Balakh Sher Mazari (Urdu: بلخ شیر مزاری‎) is the tumandar (or chieftain) and the paramount sardar of the Mazari tribe which is situated on the tristate area between Balochistan, Sindh and Punjab provinces of Pakistan.	Balakh Sher Mazari	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Kenan Şimşek (born 1968 in Ordu, Turkey) was a Turkish Olympian wrestler competing in the 90kg division of freestyle.	Kenan Şimşek	Turkey
country of citizenship	Wilfred St. Clair-Daniel CBE, is a politician and former Speaker of the House of Assembly of Saint Lucia.	Wilfred St. Clair-Daniel	Saint Lucia
country of citizenship	David Alexander Brown was a geologist who played an important role in developing the study of Geology in Australia.	David Alexander Brown	Australia
country of citizenship	Sascha Paeth (born 9 September 1970 in Wolfsburg, West Germany) is a German guitarist, bassist, musical producer, and mixer known for working with heavy metal bands such as Avantasia, Edguy, Angra, Shaaman, Rhapsody of Fire, Kamelot, After Forever and Epica.	Sascha Paeth	Germany
country of citizenship	Katrine Camilleri (born February 24, 1970) is a Maltese, lawyer and Director of the Jesuit Refugee Service (JRS) Malta.	Katrine Camilleri	Malta
country of citizenship	Alfred Gibson (died 1874) was an Australian explorer who died in an 1874 expedition organised by Ernest Giles which sought to cross the deserts of Western Australia from east to west.	Alfred Gibson	Australia
country of citizenship	Albert Einstein was born in Ulm, in the Kingdom of Württemberg in the German Empire on 14 March 1879.	Albert Einstein	Kingdom of Württemberg
country of citizenship	Mamady Keïta (surname sometimes also spelled Keita; b. Balandougou, Siguiri Prefecture, Kankan Region, Guinea, August 1950) is a master drummer from the West African nation of Guinea.	Mamady Keïta	Guinea
country of citizenship	Aroon Purie is an Indian businessman who is the founder-publisher and editor-in-chief of India Today and the chief executive of the India Today Group.	Aroon Purie	India
country of citizenship	Christian Nephi Anderson was born in Christiania (modern Oslo), Norway on 22 January 1865.	Nephi Anderson	Norway
country of citizenship	Shane Endacott is a New Zealand rugby league coach and former player.	Shane Endacott	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Michalis Karavasilis born 14 November 1975 in Mytilene, Greece) is a Greek footballer.	Michalis Karavasilis	Greece
country of citizenship	Agostino Cardamone (born December 1, 1965 in Montoro Inferiore, Italy) is a former Italian pro boxer best known to win the European title at middleweight.	Agostino Cardamone	Italy
country of citizenship	Pelle Hvenegaard (born 29 August 1975 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Danish actor and writer, best known for his role in the award-winning film Pelle the Conqueror.	Pelle Hvenegaard	Denmark
country of citizenship	Ulf Lundell (born 20 November 1949 in Södermalm, Stockholm, Sweden, full name Ulf Gerhard Lundell) is a Swedish writer, poet, songwriter, composer, musician and artist.	Ulf Lundell	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ans Westra, CNZM (born 28 April 1936 in Leiden) is a self-taught New Zealand photographer, with an interest in Māori.	Ans Westra	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gilles Grondin (3 February 1943 -- 18 July 2005) was an educator and a politician from Quebec, Canada.	Gilles Grondin	Canada
country of citizenship	Adam Macrow (born 23 November 1978, in Victoria) is a professional race car driver now living in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Adam Macrow	Australia
country of citizenship	István Nikolits (born 24 June 1946) is a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Civilian Intelligence Services of Hungary between 1995 and 1998.	István Nikolits	Hungary
country of citizenship	Dorothy Lidstone (born Dorothy Wagar, 2 November 1938 in Wetaskiwin, Alberta, Canada) is a former World Champion archer who represented Canada.	Dorothy Lidstone	Canada
country of citizenship	Viliam Široký (31 May 1902 -- 6 October 1971) was a prominent Communist politician of Czechoslovakia, the Prime Minister from 1953 to 1963, and briefly serving as the acting President of Czechoslovakia following the death of Antonín Zápotocký from 13 November to 19 November 1957.	Viliam Široký	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	N. Vittal (born 31 January 1938), belonging to the Indian Administrative Service 1960 batch, is one of the eminent public servants of India, who has held important positions in the Government of India, most prominent of which was that of the Central Vigilance Commissioner.	N. Vittal	India
country of citizenship	Carl Peter Stoltenberg was born in Våle (now Re) in Vestfold, Norway.	Carl Peter Stoltenberg	Norway
country of citizenship	Paulo Maló was born in Portuguese Angola (an overseas territory of Portugal until 1975) and moved to mainland Portugal in the 1960s in order to study dental medicine in Lisbon.	Paulo Maló	Portugal
country of citizenship	Manfred Dikkers (born August 31, 1971 in Didam) is a drummer from the Netherlands.	Manfred Dikkers	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jean-Philippe Stassen (born 14 March 1966 in Liège, Belgium) is a Belgian comics creator best known for Deogratias, A Tale of Rwanda.	Jean-Philippe Stassen	Belgium
country of citizenship	Mwezé Ngangura (born 7 October 1950) is a film director from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Mwezé Ngangura	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Emily Sadka (c1919--1968) was a historian and researcher specialising in the Political History of the Malayan region and taught this at the University of Malaya (Singapore) and in Australian Universities.	Emily Sadka	Singapore
country of citizenship	Joseph William Hadley (November 25, 1819 -- November 24, 1898) was a merchant, ship's captain and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Joseph William Hadley	Canada
country of citizenship	Baron Karl Eduard von Liphart or Carl Eduard von Liphart (16 May 1808 -- 15 February 1891) was a noted art expert and collector from Estonia.	Karl Eduard von Liphart	Estonia
country of citizenship	Corky Evans (born January 2, 1948 in Berkeley, California, U.S.A.) is a former prominent provincial politician in British Columbia, Canada.	Corky Evans	Canada
country of citizenship	Sudip Roy Barman is an Indian politician of Tripura, a state North-East India.	Sudip Roy Barman	India
country of citizenship	Blaise Diesbourg, born in 1897, was also known as ``King Canada,'' and was a major figure in the liquor smuggling and bootlegging business around Windsor, Ontario during the American prohibition period.	Blaise Diesbourg	Canada
country of citizenship	Karim Aïnouz (born 17 January 1966, Fortaleza, Ceará, Brazil) is a film director and visual artist.	Karim Aïnouz	Brazil
country of citizenship	John Pål Inderberg (born 6 August 1950 Steinkjer, Norway) is a versatile saxophonist with a natural spontaneity of expression and one of the leading traditional musicians in Norway.	John Pål Inderberg	Norway
country of citizenship	Hamed Rasouli was a member of Iran national under-20 football team at the 2004 AFC Youth Championship	Hamed Rasouli	Iran
country of citizenship	William Charles Nation (1840--1930) was a New Zealand printer, journalist, newspaper proprietor, spiritualist and tree planter.	William Charles Nation	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bibian Mentel-Spee (born September 27, 1972) is a Paralympic athlete from the Netherlands competing in snowboarding events.	Bibian Mentel	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Dick Lövgren (born 11 November 1980 in Varberg, Sweden) is the bassist for the Swedish experimental metal band Meshuggah.	Dick Lövgren	Sweden
country of citizenship	Angelo Vier (born April 23, 1972 in East Berlin, East Germany) is a retired German football player and current Player agent.	Angelo Vier	East Germany
country of citizenship	Born in the tiny village of Celles-sur-Plaine in the Vosges, France in 1862, François-Edmond Fortier lived for several years in Saint-Louis, Senegal then moved to Dakar in 1900.	François-Edmond Fortier	France
country of citizenship	Paweł Kryszałowicz (Polish pronunciation: (ˈpavɛw krɨʂaˈwɔvitʂ)) (born 23 June 1974 in Słupsk, Poland) is a Polish footballer.	Paweł Kryszałowicz	Poland
country of citizenship	Fernanda Brandão Gonçalvez da Silva (born 3 May 1983 in Belo Horizonte, Brazil) is a Brazilian singer, dancer, recording artist and celebrity, based in Munich, Germany.	Fernanda Brandão	Brazil
country of citizenship	In 1796, Carl Axel Gottlund was born in the Southern Finnish coastal town of Ruotsinpyhtää into the family of a Finnish clergyman Mattias Gottlund, one of the most outstanding representatives of Enlightenment ideas in Finland.	Carl Axel Gottlund	Finland
country of citizenship	Shervon Jack (born 6 November 1986) is a Saint Lucian international football player who plays as a defender for Northern United All Stars in the Saint Lucia Gold Division.	Shervon Jack	Saint Lucia
country of citizenship	Pierre David Guetta was born in Paris, France in 1967, to a Moroccan Jewish father and a mother of Belgian descent.	David Guetta	France
country of citizenship	Daniel Núñez (born 12 September 1958 in Santiago de Cuba) is a Cuban weightlifter.	Daniel Núñez	Cuba
country of citizenship	Martin Rosengaard (b. Martin Rosengaard Knudsen in 1979 in Helsingør, Denmark ) is a Danish artist, novelist and the co-founder (along with Sixten Kai Nielsen and Russell Ratshin) of the art collective Wooloo.	Martin Rosengaard	Denmark
country of citizenship	Tom Clifford is a former municipal politician in the City of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Tom Clifford	Canada
country of citizenship	Ieva Lagūna (born June 6, 1990 in Saldus, Latvia) is a Latvian model.	Ieva Lagūna	Latvia
country of citizenship	Paola Severino (born 22 October 1948) was Italy's minister of justice in the Monti cabinet from November 2011 to April 2013.	Paola Severino	Italy
country of citizenship	Sun Bu'er (Sun Pu-erh, Chinese: 孫不二), one of the Taoist Seven Masters of Quanzhen, lived c. 1119--1182 C.E. in the Shandong province of China.	Sun Bu'er	China
country of citizenship	June Westbury (born July 26, 1921, in Hamilton, New Zealand, died February 11, 2004) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada.	June Westbury	Canada
country of citizenship	Aghvan Hovsepyan (Armenian: Աղվան Հովսեփյան; born January 7, 1953) has been the Prosecutor General of Armenia since 2004.	Aghvan Hovsepyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Born in The Hague, The Netherlands, Bojoura was discovered by George Kooymans of the rock band Golden Earring, who went on to write and produce many of her songs.	Bojoura	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Lovemore Moyo (born 29 January 1965) is a Zimbabwean politician who was Speaker of the House of Assembly of Zimbabwe from 2008 to 2013.	Lovemore Moyo	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	Mohammed al-Ajami (also known as ``Mohammed Ibn al-Dheeb''; Arabic: محمد بن الذيب العجمي‎; born in Qatar), is a Qatari poet arrested in 2011 on state security charges.	Mohammed al-Ajami	Qatar
country of citizenship	Anna Cyzon (born Anna Czyszczoń in Kraków, Poland), is a Polish Canadian recording artist, actress, former Canadian MTV/etalk personality and co-host of the Todd Shapiro show on Sirius Satellite Radio.	Anna Cyzon	Poland
country of citizenship	Atareta Kawana Ropiha Mere Rikiriki (1855--1926) was a New Zealand prophet.	Atareta Kawana Ropiha Mere Rikiriki	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gyula Horn (5 July 1932 -- 19 June 2013) was a Hungarian politician who served as the third Prime Minister of the Republic of Hungary from 1994 to 1998.	Gyula Horn	Hungary
country of citizenship	Robert Nettleton Field (3 March 1899--18 February 1987) was a New Zealand artist, sculptor, potter and art teacher.	Robert Nettleton Field	New Zealand
country of citizenship	He was the son of Francisco Carmelo Camet, a fencer at the 1900 Summer Olympics who is sometimes considered to be Argentina's first participant at the Olympics.	Carmelo Camet	Argentina
country of citizenship	Amun Abdullahi grew up in Somalia and came in the 1990s to Sweden as a refugee.	Amun Abdullahi	Sweden
country of citizenship	Oleksandr Kuzmuk (Ukrainian: Олекса́ндр Іва́нович Кузьму́к) is a Ukrainian politician, member of the Party of Regions, in past the Minister of Defense of Ukraine, General of the Army of Ukraine (1998).	Oleksandr Kuzmuk	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Leon Kuhn (1954 -- 2013 ) was an anti-war political cartoonist who created topical parodies in the United Kingdom and was listed as an initial supporter of Artists against the War.	Leon Kuhn	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Lee Eun (born July 10, 1961) is a director and producer of films in South Korea.	Lee Eun	South Korea
country of citizenship	John Lykoudis (1910 in Missolonghi -- 1980) was a general practitioner in Greece who treated patients suffering from peptic ulcer disease with antibiotics long before it was commonly recognized that bacteria were a dominant cause for the disease.	John Lykoudis	Greece
country of citizenship	Samuel Henry Drew (17 November 1844 -- 18 December 1901) was a New Zealand jeweller, watchmaker, and amateur naturalist.	Samuel Henry Drew	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bahram bey Nabibekov (Azerbaijani: Bəhram bəy Nəbibəyov, Russian: Бахрам-бек Набибеков; December 6, 1884 - July 1930) was an Azerbaijani colonel in the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic army and one of the leaders of Sheki uprising in 1930.	Bahram bey Nabibekov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Alphonsus Martinus Maria Orie better known as Alphons Orie (born 23 November 1947 in Groningen, Netherlands) is a Dutch former lawyer specialising in criminal law and is now one of the thirty-two judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) in The Hague.	Alphons Orie	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Richard Arnst or Dick Arnst (28 November 1883 -- 7 December 1953), born Jacob Diedrich Arnst, was a New Zealand rower, six times Single Sculls World Champion during the early part of the 20th century.	Richard Arnst	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Giovanni Martino Spanzotti (c. 1455 -- c. 1528; also known as Gian Martino Spanzotti) was an Italian painter active in Lombardy and northern Italy.	Giovanni Martino Spanzotti	Italy
country of citizenship	Niko Peleshi (born 11 November 1970 in Korçë) is an Albanian politician who became the Deputy Prime Minister of Albania in September 2013.	Niko Peleshi	Albania
country of citizenship	Raisul Islam Asad (born Asaduzzaman Mohammad Raisul Islam in Dhaka, Bangladesh) is a Bangladeshi actor who has won several national awards for performing in all four media of radio, theatre, television and film.	Raisul Islam Asad	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Sheikh Mazhar Hussain (born 25 October 1967 in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan) is a former cricketer who played for various Lahore teams from 1984--85 to 1988--89 before emigrating to the United Arab Emirates.	Mazhar Hussain	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Born in Tel Aviv in 1951, Avi Beker served in the Israel Defense Forces and rose to the rank of captain.	Avi Beker	Israel
country of citizenship	Liisa Suihkonen (born 27 July 1943 in Suonenjoki, Northern Savonia) is a former cross-country skier from Finland who competed during the 1970s.	Liisa Suihkonen	Finland
country of citizenship	Aperahama Taonui (died 23 September 1882) was a New Zealand tribal leader, prophet, historian, teacher and assessor.	Aperahama Taonui	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jordy Smith won both the 2010 and 2011 Billabong J-Bay competitions in South Africa, which is part of the WCT Dream Tour, making him the no. 1 ranked surfer in the world.	Jordy Smith	South Africa
country of citizenship	Margalit Matitiahu (Hebrew: מרגלית מתתיהו, born 1935 in Tel Aviv) is a poet in Ladino and Hebrew from Israel.	Margalit Matitiahu	Israel
country of citizenship	Noel Callahan (born July 25, 1989 in White Rock, British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian actor who is best known for his role as Louis Testaverde-Miller on the hit Nickelodeon show Romeo!	Noel Callahan	Canada
country of citizenship	Perch Zeytuntsyan (Armenian: Պերճ Արմենակի Զեյթունցյան, born July 18, 1938) is an Armenian playwright and screenwriter who served as Minister of Culture of Armenia from 1990 to 1991.	Perch Zeytuntsyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Ivan Močinić (born 30 April 1993) is a Croatian football player currently playing for and captaining HNK Rijeka in Croatia's Prva HNL.	Ivan Močinić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Fulrad is viewed as the figure that truly helped develop the growing kingdom of Francia.	Fulrad	Francia
country of citizenship	C. S. Sujatha (born 28 May 1965) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.	C. S. Sujatha	India
country of citizenship	Ebrahim Sadeghi (Persian: ابراهیم صادقی‎‎, born February 4, 1979 in Karaj, Iran) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Saipa in the Persian Gulf Pro League as the Captain.	Ebrahim Sadeghi	Iran
country of citizenship	In an unusual move, state media appended her husband's surname in front of her own (rendering her name as Bo Gu Kailai), extremely unusual for married women in People's Republic of China, without any explanation.	Gu Kailai	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Blade Thomson (born 4 December 1990) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays as a lock or loose forward for Taranaki in the ITM Cup and for the Super Rugby franchise the Hurricanes.	Blade Thomson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Paras Khadka (Nepali: पारस खड्का) (born 24 October 1987) is a Nepali cricketer, and the current captain of the Nepal national cricket team.	Paras Khadka	Nepal
country of citizenship	Felix Mitelman (born August 26, 1940) is a Swedish geneticist and is Professor of Clinical Genetics in Lund, Sweden.	Felix Mitelman	Sweden
country of citizenship	Raj Singh Dungarpur (19 December 1935 -- 12 September 2009) was a former president of Board of Control for Cricket in India.	Raj Singh Dungarpur	India
country of citizenship	Fouad Laroui (1958 -) is a Moroccan economist and writer, born in Oujda, Morocco.	Fouad Laroui	Morocco
country of citizenship	Sam Gallaway (born 16 March 1992 in Coffs Harbour, Australia) is an Australian football (soccer) player.	Sam Gallaway	Australia
country of citizenship	Germain Prégent is a retired politician and entrepreneur in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Germain Prégent	Canada
country of citizenship	Manuel Solís Palma (December 3, 1917, in Los Santos Province -- November 6, 2009) was the acting president of Panama from February 26, 1988 to September 1, 1989, under the military rule of Manuel Noriega.	Manuel Solís Palma	Panama
country of citizenship	Akmal Ikramovich Ikramov (1898--1937) was an Uzbek politician active in Uzbek SSR politics and served as the First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Uzbekistan between 1929 and 1937.	Akmal Ikramov	Uzbekistan
country of citizenship	Grigorijs Ņemcovs (Russian: Григорий Владимирович Немцов, Grigory Nemtsov, born 11 December 1948, Babruysk, Soviet Union (today Belarus) died 16 April 2010, Daugavpils, Latvia) was a Latvian journalist, businessman and politician (deputy mayor of Daugavpils).	Grigorijs Ņemcovs	Soviet Union	Latvia
country of citizenship	Keiko Masuda (増田 恵子 Masuda Keiko, born September 2, 1957 in Shizuoka, Japan) is a Japanese pop singer and actress.	Keiko Masuda	Japan
country of citizenship	Harmon Harmon (born May 15, 1980) is a sprint athlete, who competes for the Cook Islands.	Harmon Harmon	Cook Islands
country of citizenship	Horgh (7 May 1971, born Reidar Horghagen in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian drummer, currently playing for Swedish death metal band Hypocrisy.	Reidar Horghagen	Norway
country of citizenship	Carlo Di Palma moved from Italy to the United States in 1983.	Carlo Di Palma	Italy
country of citizenship	On 22 May 1981 Canada Post issued 'Marc-Aurèle Fortin' designed by Pierre Fontaine in the Canadian Art series.	Marc-Aurèle Fortin	Canada
country of citizenship	Farah Siraj is a Jordanian virtuoso vocalist named as Jordan's ``Musical Ambassadress'', has a career that spans the United States, Europe and the Middle East.	Farah Siraj	Jordan
country of citizenship	Dr. Sapam Budhichandra Singh was born in Konthoujam Awang Leikai in Imphal West District of Manipur, India to Sapam Mani Singh and the late Sapam Ongbi Konthoujam Angoubi Devi.	Sapam Budhichandra Singh	India
country of citizenship	Damiano Binetti was born in Italy, where he studied at the Music Conservatory Niccolò Piccinni in Bari and graduated with honours.	Damiano Binetti	Italy
country of citizenship	Mingyi Nyo (Burmese: မင်းကြီးညို; also spelled Mingyinyo or Minkyinyo; pronounced: (mɪ́ɴdʑíɲò); 1459--1530) was the founder of Toungoo dynasty of Burma (Myanmar).	Mingyi Nyo	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Blas Videla is today best known as the great-great-grandfather of Jorge Rafael Videla, the dictator of Argentina between 1976 and 1981.	Blas Videla	Argentina
country of citizenship	Bacchelli was unable to further capitalise on his Eurovision appearance and he did not release new records in Spain.	Bacchelli	Spain
country of citizenship	Faiyaz Khan died on 5 November 1950 at Baroda, Gujrat in India.	Faiyaz Khan	India
country of citizenship	James Wah-Shee (born 1945) is Tłı̨chǫ elder and a former territorial level politician from Northwest Territories, Canada.	James Wah-Shee	Canada
country of citizenship	David Wallumrød (born 2 October 1977 in Kongsberg, Norway) is a Norwegian pianist, known from cooperations with artists such as Knut Reiersrud, Torun Eriksen, Jarle Bernhoft, Marit Larsen, Maria Solheim, Vidar Busk, Bigbang, Maria Mena, Thomas Dybdahl and Bjørn Eidsvåg.	David Wallumrød	Norway
country of citizenship	Alexandre Promio originates for an Italian family that moved to France and resided in Lyon.	Alexandre Promio	France
country of citizenship	Peter Fill (born 12 November 1982) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from Brixen, South Tyrol, Italy.	Peter Fill	Italy
country of citizenship	Peter Dodds McCormick (1834? -- 30 October 1916), a Scottish-born schoolteacher, was the composer of the Australian national anthem ``Advance Australia Fair''.	Peter Dodds McCormick	Australia
country of citizenship	Wayne Gould (高樂德法官) (born 3 July 1945 in Hawera, New Zealand) is a retired Hong Kong judge, most recently known for helping to popularise sudoku puzzles in the United Kingdom, and thereafter in the United States.	Wayne Gould	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rudolf Breitscheid, (November 2, 1874 -- August 28, 1944) was a leading member of the Social Democratic Party and a delegate to the Reichstag during the era of the Weimar Republic in Germany.	Rudolf Breitscheid	Germany
country of citizenship	Canada Post, as part of its ``Canada in Hollywood'' series, issued a postage stamp on June 30, 2008 to honour Marie Dressler.	Marie Dressler	Canada
country of citizenship	Tuuli Pauliina Räsänen (born 23 November 1978 in Tampere) is a circus performer and actress from Finland.	Pauliina Räsänen	Finland
country of citizenship	Uwe Kröger (German pronunciation: (ˈuːvə ˈkʁøːɡɐ); born in Hamm, Germany, December 4, 1964) is a musical star in the German-speaking countries of the world.	Uwe Kröger	Germany
country of citizenship	Avichai Rontzki (Hebrew: אביחי רונצקי‎), born October 10, 1951, is the former Chief Military Rabbi of the Israel Defense Forces.	Avichai Rontzki	Israel
country of citizenship	Narej Karpkraikaew (Thai: นะเรศ กาพย์ไกรแก้ว, born September 1, 1983) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Narej Karpkraikaew	Thailand
country of citizenship	Michael Galea (born 1 February 1979 in Malta) is a retired Maltese footballer player who started playing for Maltese First Division side Melita and enjoyed most of his career with Birkirkara where he played as a striker.	Michael Galea	Malta
country of citizenship	Michael Feiner born in Gothenburg, Sweden in 1971, is a musician, songwriter, music producer, multi-instrumentalist and DJ. He is member of the Swedish house band duo The Attic formed in 2003 alongside his childhood friend Eric Amarillo.	Michael Feiner	Sweden
country of citizenship	Dashi Namdakov was born in the Buryat village of Ukurik, Chita Region of Russia, on 16 February 1967.	Dashi Namdakov	Russia
country of citizenship	Cătălin Dedu (born in Braşov, Romania) is a Romanian football player, playing for Corona Brașov.	Cătălin Dedu	Romania
country of citizenship	Ivan Morales Jr. studied Audiovisual Media in his homeland Brazil.	Ivan Morales Jr.	Brazil
country of citizenship	Yousif Jaber (born February 25, 1985) is a footballer from the United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Yousif Jaber	United Arab Emirates
country of citizenship	Clementino Ocampos (November 14, 1913 in San Lorenzo, Paraguay -- January 4, 2001) was a Paraguayan composer and poet.	Clementino Ocampos	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Guy de Muyser, born 20 June 1926 at Wiltz, Marshal of the Honorary Court of the Grand Duke of Luxembourg, Honorary Ambassador, made his university studies in law (PhD) and economy in France, Britain and the United States.	Guy de Muyser	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Christian Bök (born August 10, 1966 in Toronto, Canada) is an experimental Canadian poet.	Christian Bök	Canada
country of citizenship	Wilfred Olabode Olajumoke (Bode Olajumoke) is a Nigerian politician who has been a member of the Senate of Nigeria for Ondo State since 2007.	Bode Olajumoke	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Peter Mellars is a New Zealand former rugby league player and administrator who represented his country.	Peter Mellars	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hans Rausing and his wife Märit have donated large sums to charities and research in the UK and Sweden, among others to large medical research projects at Karolinska Institutet and Lund University.	Hans Rausing	Sweden
country of citizenship	Dewald Louw (born 18 June 1986 in Bloemfontein) is the winner of the first season of The Afrikaans KykNET Idols in South Africa.	Dewald Louw	South Africa
country of citizenship	Peerapat Notchaiya played for Thailand U19, and played in the 2012 AFC U-19 Championship qualification.	Peerapat Notchaiya	Thailand
country of citizenship	Ursula Karusseit (born 2 August 1939 in Elbing, Germany, now Poland) is a German actress.	Ursula Karusseit	Germany
country of citizenship	Paul Matete is a New Zealand former rugby league player and coach who represented his country in the 1975 World Cup.	Paul Matete	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Iman Mersal (إيمان مرسال) (born November 30, 1966 Mit 'Adlan, Egypt) is an Egyptian poet.	Iman Mersal	Egypt
country of citizenship	Sarah Ann Elsom (26 March 1867--17 November 1962) was a New Zealand florist.	Sarah Ann Elsom	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eli Goldschmidt (Hebrew: אלי גולדשמידט‎‎, born 17 October 1953) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for One Israel and the Labor Party between 1992 and 2001.	Eli Goldschmidt	Israel
country of citizenship	John Weisenberger was the acting attorney general of Guam from 2010 to 2011.	John Weisenberger	Guam
country of citizenship	Prior to his public self-outing, Bisi Alimi began his advocacy career in the late 1990s in Nigeria when a number of his friends died from HIV/AIDS.	Bisi Alimi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Günther Kohlmey (27 July 1913 -- 25 December 1999) was one of the leading economists in East Germany.	Günther Kohlmey	Germany
country of citizenship	Lertchai Issarasuwipakorn (Thai เลิศชาย อิสราสุวิกร ), 1982 in Khon Kaen, Thailand) is a Thai futsal Defender, and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team.	Lertchai Issarasuwipakorn	Thailand
country of citizenship	Gordon McGhie is a music composer who resides in Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada.	Gordon McGhie	Canada
country of citizenship	Francis Middleton Milne (11 December 1891 -- 9 January 1933) was a notable New Zealand mountaineer and guide.	Francis Middleton Milne	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christian Kulik (born 6 December 1952 in Zabrze, Silesia, Poland) is a retired German football player of Polish origin.	Christian Kulik	Poland
country of citizenship	Kampol Pathom-attakul (Thai: กัมพล ปฐมอรรฆย์กุล, born July 27, 1992), simply known as Ice (Thai: ไอซ์), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Kampol Pathom-attakul	Thailand
country of citizenship	Skippy Hamahona (born Marama Cecelia McGregor on 1 January 1975) is a former field hockey player from New Zealand.	Skippy Hamahona	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lorenzo Richelmy (born 25 March 1990) is an Italian actor, best known to audiences outside of Italy for his performance as the titular character in the Netflix original series Marco Polo.	Lorenzo Richelmy	Italy
country of citizenship	Johannes Heisig (born 23 April 1953 in Leipzig, East Germany) is a German painter and graphic artist.	Johannes Heisig	Germany
country of citizenship	Esdalin Gorani (born in Kavajë) is a well-known Albanian stage dancer/choreographer who performs for Albania's largest national broadcaster, Top Channel.	Esdalin Gorani	Albania
country of citizenship	Tao Ching-Ying,(Chinese: 陶晶莹; pinyin: Táo Jīngyíng; also known as Matilda Tao) is a singer and top television hostess in Taiwan.	Tao Ching-Ying	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Felicia Mercado (born Felicia Mercado Agud on December 17, 1959 in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico) is a Mexican actress, singer and TV hostess, best known for her appearances in telenovelas .	Felicia Mercado	Mexico
country of citizenship	Katarina Kuini Whare-rau-aruhe Te Tau BEM (née Ellison, 29 December 1899 -- 8 March 1998) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader, welfare worker and community leader.	Katarina Kuini Whare-rau-aruhe Te Tau	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lazar Marković (Serbian Cyrillic: Лазар Марковић; born 2 March 1994) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Turkish club Fenerbahçe, on loan from English club Liverpool, and the Serbia national team.	Lazar Marković	Serbia
country of citizenship	Walter William Massey (1882 -- 8 November 1959) was a New Zealand politician of the Reform Party.	Walter William Massey	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Orna Barbivai (Hebrew: אורנה ברביבאי‎; born September 5, 1962) is a Major General in the Israel Defense Forces and the former head of its Manpower Directorate.	Orna Barbivai	Israel
country of citizenship	She is Lebanese Armenian, Nourhanne was born to an ethnic Armenian family from Lebanon.	Nourhanne	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Justin Savi (born 30 October 1984), is a professional boxer from Benin who goes by the nickname of ``Le Malin'' (The Bad Guy).	Justin Savi	Benin
country of citizenship	Ihalakkankanamalage Mahinda Ratnatilaka (also Ihalakkankanamalage Mahinda Rathnathilake ) is a Sri Lankan politician and a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.	Mahinda Ratnatilaka	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Erik Adolf von Willebrand (/ˌfʌnˈvɪlɨbrɑːnt/) (born 1 February 1870 in Vaasa -- died 12 December 1949 in Pernaja) was an internist from Finland.	Erik Adolf von Willebrand	Finland
country of citizenship	Anna Christensen (1936-2001) was a Professor of Private Law at the Faculty of Law at Lund University, Sweden and a columnist in the Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter.	Anna Christensen	Sweden
country of citizenship	Lucy Christopher is a British/Australian author best known for her novel Stolen, which won the Branford Boase award 2010 in the UK, and the 2010 Gold Inky in Australia.	Lucy Christopher	Australia
country of citizenship	Rachid Chouhal (born February 14, 1975 in Meknès, Morocco) is a Moroccan-born athlete representing Malta internationally who competes in the long jump and sprinting events.	Rachid Chouhal	Malta
country of citizenship	Rudolf Matz (Austro-Hungarian Empire, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Zagreb, 1901 -- Zagreb, 1988), an important figure in the musical life of Zagreb in the 20th century, was a composer, cellist, teacher, conductor and choir master.	Rudolf Matz	Croatia
country of citizenship	Stenkil (Old Norse: Steinkell) was a King of Sweden who ruled c. 1060 until 1066.	Stenkil	Sweden
country of citizenship	Zayd Abu Zayd (ابو زيد, c. 1195 -- 1265/1270) was the last Almohad governor of Valencia, Spain.	Zayd Abu Zayd	Spain
country of citizenship	Bimal Gurung (Nepali: विमल गुरुङ) is the leader of Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM), a party that is demanding the formation of a Gorkhaland state within West Bengal in India.	Bimal Gurung	India
country of citizenship	Ashok Ramchandra Kelkar (1929 - 2014) was a linguist and critical Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Ashok Ramchandra Kelkar	India
country of citizenship	Aimee-Ffion Edwards (born November 21, 1987) is a Welsh actress from Newport, Wales.	Aimee-Ffion Edwards	Wales
country of citizenship	Anne Marie Hoogland (born 1967 in Zaandam) is a Dutch politician from Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	Anne Marie Hoogland	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Mahmoud Fekri Juybari (born July 26, 1969 in Juybar, Iran) is a former Iranian football player who is currently assistant coach of Esteghlal.	Mahmoud Fekri	Iran
country of citizenship	Mohamed Diab Al-Attar (Arabic: محمد دياب العطار, born Alexandria, November 17, 1927), known as Ad-Diba, is a former footballer who played for the Egypt national football team.	Ad-Diba	Egypt
country of citizenship	José Gómez Ortega was born on 8 May 1895 in Huerta de El Algarrobo, Gelves (Andalusia, Spain) to Fernando Gómez García (1847 -- 1897), a bullfighter, and Gabriela Ortega Feria (1862 -- 1919), a flamenco singer.	José Gómez Ortega	Spain
country of citizenship	Zaw Zaw (Burmese: ဇော်ဇော်) is a Burmese business tycoon and chairman of Max Myanmar Group of Companies, a major conglomerate with interests in the timber, gems, construction, mechanical engineering, transportation, hotel and tourism, rubber plantations and banking industries.	Zaw Zaw	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Kaspar Albrecht grew up in a large family in Rehmen, Austria in rather poor conditions in Bregenzerwald.	Kaspar Albrecht	Austria
country of citizenship	Adam Skórnicki (born 22 October 1976 in Wolsztyn, Poland) is a Polish motorcycle speedway rider who was the 2008 Individual Polish Champion and a former Polish Under-21 international.	Adam Skórnicki	Poland
country of citizenship	Hacken Lee Hak-kan (Chinese: 李克勤; pinyin: Lǐ Kèqín; Cantonese Yale: lei5 hak1 kan4; born 6 December 1967) is a Hong Kong singer, actor, television host, and association football sportscaster.	Hacken Lee	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Otto Solymosi (born February 20, 1927 in Budapest, Hungary) is a director of Magyar Rádió (MR).	Otto Solymosi	Hungary
country of citizenship	Bekir Karayel (born May 10, 1982 in Sungurlu, Çorum Province, Turkey) is a Turkish middle and long-distance runner, who later specialized in marathon.	Bekir Karayel	Turkey
country of citizenship	Professor Amitabh Mattoo (Urdu, امیتابھ مٹو ) (born 26 June 1962 in Srinagar) is one of India's leading thinkers and writers on international relations.	Amitabh Mattoo	India
country of citizenship	Concurrently with his studies and teaching the harpsichord and the clavichord, Patrick Montan has appeared in several European countries (France, Germany, Austria, Holland, Britain, Switzerland etc.) mostly as a soloist, but also as a continuo player of chamber music.	Patrick Montan	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Shanmugam Venkatesh (born 21 November 1978) is an Indian former professional footballer and currently, the assistant manager of India.	Shanmugam Venkatesh	India
country of citizenship	Thomas Barnes Gough (1760 -- April, 1815) was an Irish-born merchant and political figure in Upper Canada.	Thomas Barnes Gough	Canada
country of citizenship	Yang Xianrong (羊獻容) (died 322), formally (as honored by Han Zhao) Empress Xianwen (獻文皇后, literally ``the wise and civil empress'') was an empress--uniquely in the history of China, for two different empires and two different emperors.	Yang Xianrong	China
country of citizenship	Catalina Lercaro (Catherine Lercaro), 16th century, was an Italian-Canarian woman of the Lercaro family, renowned in the city of San Cristóbal de La Laguna (Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain).	Catalina Lercaro	Spain
country of citizenship	Dr. Georgiy Ginovker (Russian: Георгий Гиновкер) was born in St. Petersburg, Russia.	Georgiy Ginovker	Russia
country of citizenship	Christina Rost (maiden name Christina Mäbert; born August 14, 1952 in Chemnitz, East Germany) is a German former women's team handball player.	Christina Rost	East Germany
country of citizenship	Hikawera Te Kurapa (1907--1985) was a notable New Zealand tribal tohunga, horse-breaker, farmer and ringatu leader.	Hikawera Te Kurapa	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gerd Gradwohl (born January 16, 1960 in Kempten) is a visually impaired alpine skier from Germany.	Gerd Gradwohl	Germany
country of citizenship	Aleksandar Bundalo (born September 28, 1989 in Sremska Mitrovica, Serbia) is a bobsledder from Serbia.	Aleksandar Bundalo	Serbia
country of citizenship	Chua Sian Chin (Chinese: 蔡善进, November 26, 1933 -- February 26, 2014) was a government Minister in Singapore.	Chua Sian Chin	Singapore
country of citizenship	Tom Kummer (born January 14, 1963) is a Swiss journalist who published numerous fabricated celebrity profiles in Germany and Switzerland.	Tom Kummer	Germany	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Courtney Nedwill (14 August 1837 -- 10 April 1920) was a New Zealand doctor and public health officer.	Courtney Nedwill	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Misdongarde Betolngar (born November 26, 1985 in N'Djamena, Chad) is a football player from Chad.	Misdongarde Betolngar	Chad
country of citizenship	Nataly Rivera best known as Naëla (born July 17, 1990, Bogota, Colombia), is a Colombian singer, author and songwriter.	Naëla	Colombia
country of citizenship	Manuel Lajo Lazo (born 12 April 1949) is a Peruvian politician who served as a Member of the Congress of the Republic of Peru from 1995 to 2000.	Manuel Lajo	Peru
country of citizenship	Makereti Papakura (1873--1930) was a New Zealand woman of mana, guide and ethnographer.	Makereti Papakura	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mikhail Botvinov (born November 17, 1967 in Lidinka, Russia) is a Russian-born Austrian cross country skier who competed from 1990 to 2007 for both Russia and Austria.	Mikhail Botvinov	Russia	Austria
country of citizenship	Viviane Reding (born 27 April 1951 in Esch-sur-Alzette) is a Luxembourg politician, currently serving as Member of the European Parliament.	Viviane Reding	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Max Laudadio (born Massimiliano Laudadio in Pistoia, Italy, 30 August 1971) is an Italian television presenter, actor and radio host, known as a correspondent for the program Striscia la Notizia on Canale 5.	Max Laudadio	Italy
country of origin	Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla II, released in the UK as Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla 1993 and released in Japan as Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla (ゴジラvsメカゴジラ Gojira tai Mekagojira), is a 1993 Japanese science fiction kaiju film directed by Takao Okawara.	Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla II	Japan
country of origin	Pugwall series 1, a 2 disc set has been released on PAL Region 4 DVD in Australia while Pugwall series 2, Pugwalls Summer was released on DVD some time later.	Pugwall	Australia
country of origin	Indradhanura Chhai is a 1993 Indian Oriya film directed by Susant Misra,This film reflects the traditional structures of social and family life of a small town in India are growing strongly affected by the progressive urbanization of the country.	Indradhanura Chhai	India
country of origin	Dyosa (lit. Goddess) is a fantasy series (fantaserye) that is aired in Philippines by broadcaster ABS-CBN and starred by Anne Curtis, Sam Milby, Zanjoe Marudo and Luis Manzano and was directed by Wenn Deramas.	Dyosa	Philippines
country of origin	Carabao Daeng (meaning ``red buffalo'') is a Thai energy drink launched in 2002 by Carabao Tawandang Co Ltd. It is now Thailand's second most popular energy drink.	Carabao Daeng	Thailand
country of origin	Vicky & Johnny (Hangul: 비키와 조니; RR: Bikiwa Joni) is a South Korean-Spanish animated shorts produced by Tuba Entertainment in South Korea and BRB Internacional, Screen 21 and Televisió de Catalunya in Spain.	Vicky & Johnny	South Korea	Spain
country of origin	Passoã is a passion fruit liqueur made in France, with mango being one of the ingredients.	Passoã	France
country of origin	Ġbejna (Maltese pronunciation: (ˈd͡ʒbɛjnɐ), plural ġbejniet) is a small round cheese made in Malta (commonly associated with the island of Gozo ) from sheep milk or goat milk, salt and rennet.	Ġbejna	Malta
country of origin	Warclouds in the Pacific is a 1941 Canadian short documentary film, part of the Canada Carries On series of short films by the National Film Board of Canada.	Warclouds in the Pacific	Canada
country of origin	Holiday Showdown was a BAFTA-nominated and Royal Television Society Award-winning reality television programme, produced by Chris Kelly for the United Kingdom independent TV production company RDF Media.	Holiday Showdown	United Kingdom
country of origin	Edegarike was a crime novel written by journalist Agni Shridhar in the early 2000s about the India Mafia circling around Mumbai and Bangalore headed a mafia leader from Dubai.	Edegarike	India
country of origin	Dragon Fist (simplified Chinese: 龙拳; traditional Chinese: 龍拳) is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts film directed and produced by Lo Wei, starring Jackie Chan, Nora Miao and James Tien.	Dragon Fist	Hong Kong
country of origin	Nadia Khan Show is a talk show on Pakistan's Geo Entertainment, started in 2006 and hosted by presenter and producer Nadia Khan.	Nadia Khan Show	Pakistan
country of origin	Megher Onek Rong (Bengali: মেঘের অনেক রঙ) is a Bangladeshi Bengali film directed by Harunur Rashid based on Bangladesh Liberation war.	Megher Onek Rong	Bangladesh
country of origin	Although HSV-7 was likely making at least some use of kinescope recording by 1957 (it being the method used to record live television prior to the introduction of video-tape to Australia), it is not known if any such recordings of exist of Swallows Parade or Stairway to the Stars.	Swallows Parade	Australia
country of origin	The company's retail network that operates under the ``Rompetrol'' brand incorporates over 1,100 fuel distribution points in Romania, Georgia, Bulgaria, Moldova, in France and Spain, where the company operates also under Dyneff brand.	Rompetrol	Romania
country of origin	Mon oncle Antoine (French pronunciation: ​(mɔ̃ nɔ̃kl ɑ̃twan)) is a 1971 National Film Board of Canada (Office national du film du Canada) French language drama film.	Mon oncle Antoine	Canada
country of origin	One Night Genius (Thai: อัจฉริยะข้ามคืน) is the first Thailand reality quiz show, on Thai TV Channel 3.	One Night Genius	Thailand
country of origin	Fallujah, The Hidden Massacre is a documentary film by Sigfrido Ranucci and Maurizio Torrealta which first aired on Italy's RAI state television network on November 8, 2005.	Fallujah, The Hidden Massacre	Italy
country of origin	A few ex-military MAN KAT1 vehicles are released onto the second-hand market in Germany.	MAN KAT1	Germany
country of origin	As the Cookie Crumbles is a web-based soap opera produced by Kraft Canada.	As the Cookie Crumbles	Canada
country of origin	Melodifestivalen 2013 was the twelfth consecutive year in which the competition took place in different cities across Sweden.	Melodifestivalen 2013	Sweden
country of origin	Tartiflette (French pronunciation: ​(taʁtiˈflɛt)) is a French dish from the Savoie and Haute Savoie region of France.	Tartiflette	France
country of origin	Les Invincibles is a comedy/drama television series from Radio-Canada produced by Casablanca Productions and Alliance Atlantis Vivafilm.	Les Invincibles	Canada
country of origin	It takes its title from the Robert Dwyer Joyce song ``The Wind That Shakes the Barley'' a song set during the 1798 rebellion in Ireland and featured early in the film.	The Wind That Shakes the Barley	Ireland
country of origin	Needing You... is a 2000 Hong Kong romantic comedy film, produced and directed by Johnnie To and Wai Ka-fai, starring Andy Lau and Sammi Cheng.	Needing You...	Hong Kong
country of origin	The movie East/West is a fictional film spoken French and Russian, about a man named Alexei, who flees Russia during World War 2 and goes to France.	East/West	Russia	France
country of origin	Carambar is a chewy caramel candy from France.	Carambar	France
country of origin	Designer Superstar Challenge also known simply as Superstar Challenge is a show hosted by Karen Bertelsen on HGTV Canada that has had four seasons.	Designer Superstar Challenge	Canada
country of origin	Witness to a Prosecution is a Hong Kong television series produced by TVB.	Witness to a Prosecution	Hong Kong
country of origin	Toto the Hero (French: Toto le Héros) is a 1991 Belgian film (co-produced with France and Germany) by Belgian film director and screenwriter Jaco Van Dormael.	Toto the Hero	France	Germany
country of origin	Buckwheat gateau or Buckwheat torte (German: Buchweizentorte) is a dessert that is a speciality of the Lüneburg Heath region of Lower Saxony in northern Germany.	Buckwheat gateau	Germany
country of origin	I Am Kalam released in India screens on 5 August 2011.	I Am Kalam	India
country of origin	Children in Need 2009 was a campaign held in the United Kingdom to raise money for Children in Need.	Children in Need 2009	United Kingdom
country of origin	On May 25, 2010, Russia's media published a Russian Defence Ministry statement that the AK-12 rifle was to be tested in 2011.	AK-12	Russia
country of origin	Crush and Blush premiered at the 13th Pusan International Film Festival, and went on general release in South Korea on October 16, 2010.	Crush and Blush	South Korea
country of origin	Magic Kitchen is a 2004 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Lee Chi-ngai and starring Andy Lau, Sammi Cheng and Jerry Yan.	Magic Kitchen	Hong Kong
country of origin	Bare Behind Bars (released in Brazil as A Prisão) is a 1980 sexploitation film directed and written by Oswaldo de Oliveira., The film, which was intended as a spoof of the common ``women in prison'' genre, stars Maria Stella Splendore, Marta Anderson and Danielle Ferrite.	Bare Behind Bars	Brazil
country of origin	You Are on Indian Land is a 1969 documentary film about the confrontation between police and Mohawk of the St. Regis Reservation on a bridge between Canada and the United States, which stands on Mohawk land near Cornwall, Ontario.	You Are on Indian Land	Canada
country of origin	Riches and Stitches is a Hong Kong period drama produced by TVB starring Moses Chan, Kwong Wah, Anne Heung, Gigi Lai, and Melissa Ng.	Riches and Stitches	Hong Kong
country of origin	Outback House was set in 1861 Outback Australia, on a sheep station called Oxley Downs in New South Wales.	Outback House	Australia
country of origin	CityNews (corporately styled CityNews) is the title of news and current affairs programming on the City television network in Canada.	CityNews	Canada
country of origin	Räfven is a gypsy punk band from Sweden, performing original music influenced by Eastern European folk music and the klezmer tradition.	Räfven	Sweden
country of origin	Amalgamated Pictures was a film exchange company in Australia.	Amalgamated Pictures	Australia
country of origin	The M80 Zolja (English: Wasp), is a portable one-shot disposable 64 mm unguided anti-tank weapon, designed in the former Yugoslavia.	M80 Zolja	Yugoslavia
country of origin	Nasz Przegląd was the most well-known Polish-Jewish newspaper in interwar Poland.	Nasz Przegląd	Poland
country of origin	Spritzgebäck is a common pastry in Germany and served often during Christmas season, when parents commonly spend afternoons baking with their children for one or two weeks.	Spritzgebäck	Germany
country of origin	M. Suganth from The Times of India gave it 4 out of 5 and claimed that Saattai was a ``commercial potboiler dressed up as arty fare''.	Saattai	India
country of origin	Ugotowani is a TVN television programme shown in the Poland.	Ugotowani	Poland
country of origin	Un inviato molto speciale is an Italian television series aired in Italy from September 15 to October 27, 1992 on Rai 2.	Un inviato molto speciale	Italy
country of origin	The 7th Hunt is an independent horror film from Australia, directed by J.D. Cohen, co-directed by Darren K Hawkins for Cinegear Productions/Coherent Productions in 2008 and first screened in 2009.	The 7th Hunt	Australia
country of origin	Der Schlangemann is a freely available 7 minute short film in pseudo-German made by Andreas Hansson and Björn Renberg in Umeå, Sweden, 1998--2000.	Der Schlangemann	Sweden
country of origin	The Frankfurter Kranz (or Frankfurt Crown Cake) is a cake specialty believed to originate from Frankfurt, Germany.	Frankfurter Kranz	Germany
creator	Mural on Indian Red Ground is a 1950 abstract expressionist drip painting by American artist Jackson Pollock, currently in the collection of the Tehran Museum of Contemporary Art. It is valued at about $250 million and is considered one of Pollock's greatest works.	Mural on Indian Red Ground	Jackson Pollock
creator	The Marilyn Diptych (1962) is a silkscreen painting by American pop artist Andy Warhol.	Marilyn Diptych	Andy Warhol
creator	George Stacy first appeared in The Amazing Spider-Man #56 (1968), and was created by Stan Lee, John Romita, Sr., and Don Heck.	George Stacy	Stan Lee
creator	The Hungry Lion Throws Itself on the Antelope (Le lion ayant faim se jette sur l'antilope) is a large oil-on-canvas painting created by Henri Rousseau in 1905.	The Hungry Lion Throws Itself on the Antelope	Henri Rousseau
creator	Zorro (Spanish for ``fox'') is the secret identity of Don Diego de la Vega, a fictional character created in 1919 by pulp writer Johnston McCulley.	Zorro	Johnston McCulley
creator	Bridget Loves Bernie is an American television comedy program created by Bernard Slade, the creator of the 1970--74 ABC sitcom The Partridge Family and the 1967-70 sitcom The Flying Nun.	Bridget Loves Bernie	Bernard Slade
creator	The script for QI News was written by Meakin and Justin Gayner.	QI News	Justin Gayner
creator	The Discovery of America is a trilogy written by the German author and educator Joachim Heinrich Campe (1746-1818).	The Discovery of America	Joachim Heinrich Campe
creator	The Portrait of Vincenzo Anastagi is a portrait of Vincenzo Anastagi by El Greco, probably painted between 1571 and 1576, during the artist's time in Rome.	Portrait of Vincenzo Anastagi	El Greco
creator	The Portrait of Prince Philip Prospero is a 1659 portrait of Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias by Diego Velázquez.	Portrait of Prince Philip Prospero	Diego Velázquez
creator	Twenty Twelve was a BBC television comedy series written and directed by John Morton.	Twenty Twelve	John Morton
creator	North Square is a British television drama series written by Peter Moffat and broadcast by Channel 4 at the end of 2000.	North Square	Peter Moffat
creator	Immigrant Mother is a public artwork by Croatian artist Ivan Meštrović located in Cathedral Square Park in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.	Immigrant Mother	Ivan Meštrović
creator	Foxbusters is a British animation very loosely based on the Dick King-Smith book The Fox Busters.	Foxbusters	Dick King-Smith
creator	Fillmore! is an American animated television series created by Scott M. Gimple for ABC and, later, Toon Disney.	Fillmore!	Scott M. Gimple
creator	The Bust of Costanza Bonarelli is a marble portrait sculpture by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini, created in the 1630s.	Bust of Costanza Bonarelli	Gian Lorenzo Bernini
creator	Bulman was based - increasingly loosely - on the character featured in the XYY Man novels by Kenneth Royce.	Bulman	Kenneth Royce
creator	Elliot in the Morning is a morning radio talk show hosted by DJ Elliot Segal.	Elliot in the Morning	Elliot Segal
creator	Autoportrait (Tamara in a Green Bugatti) is a self-portrait painting done by Polish artist Tamara de Lempicka.	Autoportrait (Tamara in a Green Bugatti)	Tamara de Lempicka
creator	Apocalyptic Rider is a painting created by Nabil Kanso in 1980.	Apocalyptic Rider	Nabil Kanso
creator	The Testament and Death of Moses is a fresco attributed to the Italian Renaissance painters Luca Signorelli and Bartolomeo della Gatta, executed in around 1482 and located in the Sistine Chapel, Rome.	Testament and Death of Moses	Bartolomeo della Gatta
creator	The Anthony Roll is a record of ships of the English Tudor navy of the 1540s, named after its creator, Anthony Anthony.	Anthony Roll	Anthony Anthony
creator	Far Out Space Nuts is a Sid and Marty Krofft children's television series that aired in 1975 for one season, and produced 15 episodes.	Far Out Space Nuts	Sid and Marty Krofft
creator	Kath & Kim is a character-driven Australian television satirical situation comedy series created by Jane Turner and Gina Riley.	Kath & Kim	Gina Riley
creator	Lady Elizabeth Delmé and Her Children (1779) is an oil on canvas portrait by Joshua Reynolds.	Lady Elizabeth Delmé and Her Children	Joshua Reynolds
date of birth	Gerry Enright (born 1966) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Tipperary senior team.	Gerry Enright	1966
date of birth	Florence Violet McKenzie was born Florence Violet Granville on 28 September 1890 in Melbourne, although before her marriage to Cecil McKenzie at the age of 34, she was known as Violet Wallace.	Florence Violet McKenzie	28 September 1890
date of birth	Darcy Russell (1922-1977) was a rugby league footballer in the NSWRFL and was a prolific goal kicker and point-scorer.	Darcy Russell	1922
date of birth	Ayşe Nur Zarakolu (née Sarısözen) (9 May 1946 -- 28 January 2002) was a Turkish author, publisher and human rights advocate.	Ayşe Nur Zarakolu	9 May 1946
date of birth	Palash Nandy (born 17 July 1952) is a retired Indian cricketer.	Palash Nandy	17 July 1952
date of birth	Rachel Anderson (born 1943) is an English journalist and author best known for her children's books.	Rachel Anderson	1943
date of birth	Victor Catan was born on 17 August 1949 in the village of Druța (pronounced ``Drutza'') in the region of Rîșcani of the Republic of Moldova.	Victor Catan	17 August 1949
date of birth	Madou Dossama (born 24 July 1972) is a retired Burkinabé footballer who played for Etoile Filante Ouagadougou and the national team.	Madou Dossama	24 July 1972
date of birth	Graham Hamilton (born 27 November 1944 in Leeds, West Yorkshire) is a British stage and television actor who was the 15th President of Equity, the actors' trade union, between 2008 and 2010.	Graham Hamilton	27 November 1944
date of birth	Aristidis Rapanakis (Greek: Αριστίδης Ραπανάκης; born 1954) is a Greek competitive sailor and Olympic medalist.	Aristidis Rapanakis	1954
date of birth	Nadendla Bhaskara Rao (born 23 June 1935 in Guntur) was the chief minister of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh for a brief period in 1984.	Nadendla Bhaskara Rao	23 June 1935
date of birth	Robin Hawkins (born 11 February 1986), commonly known as Rob is the primary vocalist and bassist for Welsh band The Automatic.	Robin Hawkins	11 February 1986
date of birth	Jan Rezek (born 5 May 1982) is a Czech football player who played for Cypriot side Ermis Aradippou.	Jan Rezek	5 May 1982
date of birth	James Thomas Eaglestone, known as Jim Eaglestone (24 July 1923 - 14 October 2000) was an English cricketer who played sixty first class cricket matches initially for Middlesex, for whom he featured in 1947, before moving to Glamorgan for the 1948 and 1949 seasons.	Jim Eaglestone	24 July 1923
date of birth	Oded Balilty (Hebrew: עודד בלילטי, born 1979, Jerusalem) is an Israeli documentary photographer.	Oded Balilty	1979
date of birth	Simon Rakoff (born 1960) is a Canadian comedian who began performing professionally in 1978.	Simon Rakoff	1960
date of birth	Joan M. Tenenbaum (born 1945) is an American linguist, anthropologist and artist specializing in metalsmithing and jewelry.	Joan M. Tenenbaum	1945
date of birth	Liliane Saint-Pierre (born Liliane Keuninckx, 18 December 1948) is a Belgian (Flemish) singer who sings mainly in Dutch.	Liliane Saint-Pierre	18 December 1948
date of birth	Chang Hyo-hui (1948 - December 2, 2003) was a South Korean Protestant pastor, social activist, theologian, and philosopher.	Chang Hyo-hui	1948
date of birth	Wang Junzheng (Chinese: 王君正; born May 1963) is a Chinese politician, serving since 2016 as the Communist Party Secretary of Changchun.	Wang Junzheng	1963
date of birth	Jarmo Ahjupera (born 13 April 1984) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays for Estonian Meistriliiga club Viljandi Tulevik.	Jarmo Ahjupera	13 April 1984
date of birth	Wenceslau Malta (15 December 1931 -- 27 January 2011) was a Brazilian modern pentathlete.	Wenceslau Malta	15 December 1931
date of birth	Ivan McAlpine (19 July 1907 -- 16 April 1992) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ivan McAlpine	19 July 1907
date of birth	Francis Marbury, born in London and baptised there on 27 October 1555, was one of six children of William Marbury (1524--1581), and the youngest of three sons.	Francis Marbury	27 October 1555
date of birth	Christophe Collignon (born 21 July 1969) is a Belgian politician and a member of the PS. He was elected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2007.	Christophe Collignon	21 July 1969
date of birth	Simon Cousins (born Simon Frederick Cousins, 17 January 1965, Bath, Somerset) is an English singer-songwriter and musician, who was a member of Liverpool indie country rock band The Onset and folk rockers Ophiuchus.	Simon Cousins	17 January 1965
date of birth	Ricardo Falla-Sánchez (born 1932) is a Guatemalan Jesuit and anthropologist.	Ricardo Falla-Sánchez	1932
date of birth	Stephen Cleobury CBE (/ˈkliːbrɪ/ KLEE-bri; born Bromley 31 December 1948) is an English organist and conductor.	Stephen Cleobury	31 December 1948
date of birth	B. Murali (born 3 April 1971) is a Malayalam short story writer and a novelist.	B. Murali	3 April 1971
date of birth	Kemal Okuyan (born 1962) is the chief editor of daily newspaper Sol in Turkey.	Kemal Okuyan	1962
date of birth	John Haney Rogers, born 1822 in Tennessee, died December 27, 1906 Merced, California, was a pioneer of the California Gold Rush, and was one of the first known group of European-Americans to travel through Death Valley, California, in December 1849.	John Haney Rogers	1822
date of birth	Tom Abel (born 1970) is a German cosmologist who first simulated the collapse of a metal-free massive star that belongs to the first generation of stars in the Universe.	Tom Abel	1970
date of birth	Cuahutémoc Velasco Vargas (1919 -- June 13, 1999) was a professional wrestler and trainer of other wrestlers under the name Diablo Velasco.	Diablo Velasco	1919
date of birth	Mark Vincent (born 4 September 1993 in Caringbah, New South Wales) is an Australian tenor.	Mark Vincent	4 September 1993
date of birth	Kamal Al Taweel or Kamal El-Tawil (11 October 1922 - 9 July 2003) was a distinguish Egyptian composer and music author.	Kamal Al Taweel	1922
date of birth	Alexander Neubauer (born 15 July 1986) is an Austrian ice hockey player currently playing for Kapfenberg (in the province Styria) of the Austrian Nationalliga.	Alexander Neubauer	15 July 1986
date of birth	Raúl Salinas Lozano (born in Agualeguas, Nuevo León 1917--2004) was a Mexican economist.	Raúl Salinas Lozano	1917
date of birth	Jason Brett (born 25 May 1953) was the co-producer of the 1986 romantic comedy film About Last Night.	Jason Brett	25 May 1953
date of birth	Luciano Di Pardo (born 3 February 1975 in Bad Schwalbach, Germany) is an Italian long-distance runner.	Luciano Di Pardo	3 February 1975
date of birth	Colin Falck (born 14 July 1934) is a literary critic and poet.	Colin Falck	14 July 1934
date of birth	Sir Francis Drake, 1st Baronet (1588 -- 11 March 1637) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in two parliaments between 1625 and 1629.	Sir Francis Drake, 1st Baronet	1588
date of birth	Lev L. Dassin (10 September 1965) was acting US Attorney for the Southern District of New York from December 2008 until August 2009.	Lev L. Dassin	10 September 1965
date of birth	Ben Lurie (born 13 June 1968) is a British musician, best known as a member of the Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain from 1989 to 1998.	Ben Lurie	13 June 1968
date of birth	Tullio Simoncini (born 1951) is an Italian former physician and alternative medicine advocate.	Tullio Simoncini	1951
date of birth	Amand Vanderhagen or Amand Van der Hagen (1753--1822) was a Flemish clarinetist and teacher.	Amand Vanderhagen	1753
date of birth	Cory Dell'Olio (born 8 December 1989) is an Australian rules football player who last played for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League, before he was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.	Cory Dell'Olio	8 December 1989
date of birth	Pandit Durga Lal (1948 - 21 Jan 1990) was a renowned Kathak dancer of the Jaipur Gharana.	Durga Lal	1948
date of birth	Edijs Jurēvics, artistic name Eddie Jurevics (born 18 December 1989 in Jelgava) is a Latvian rock singer,guitarist,clarinettist and songwriter.	Edijs Jurēvics	18 December 1989
date of birth	Fred H. Roster (born 1944) is an American sculptor who was born in Palo Alto, California.	Fred H. Roster	1944
date of birth	John Anthony Allan (born 2 January 1937), sometime cited as Tony Allan, is a British geographer.	John Anthony Allan	2 January 1937
date of birth	Karan Arora (Hindi:करन अरोड़ा) (born 2 June 1973, in Allahabad ) is a London-based Indian film producer, entrepreneur and founder of High Ground Enterprises Ltd. (2008), A conglomerate with its strategic partners has its presence and footprints spread across various countries.	Karan Arora	2 June 1973
date of birth	Eroia Barone-Nugent (born 12 June 1959) is an Australian teacher.	Eroia Barone-Nugent	12 June 1959
date of birth	Stephen Wyatt, born 4 February 1948 in Beckenham, Kent (now Greater London), and brought up in Ealing, West London, is a British writer.	Stephen Wyatt	4 February 1948
date of birth	Thea Hjelmeland (born 1987 in Førde, Sogn og Fjordane) is a Norwegian musician, singer and songwriter, raised by an artist mother and a musician father.	Thea Hjelmeland	1987
date of birth	Russell Gilbert (born 17 October 1959), is an Australian comedian and actor from Footscray, Victoria.	Russell Gilbert	17 October 1959
date of birth	Ángel Rosario Cabada (1872--1921) was an agrarian leader whose name was given to the town of Ángel R. Cabada and the municipality of Ángel R. Cabada, in the Veracruz state of Mexico.	Ángel Rosario Cabada	1872
date of birth	Ahmed Shaheed ޝަހީދު (born 1964) is a Maldivian diplomat and politician and an expert on human rights and advocate for democracy.	Ahmed Shaheed	1964
date of birth	Anita Killi (born 17 January 1968 in Stavanger) is a Norwegian animator and film director.	Anita Killi	17 January 1968
date of birth	Philip Schwyzer (born 19 April 1970) is an American-British literary scholar and author, who since 2001 has been Professor of Renaissance Literature at Exeter University.	Philip Schwyzer	19 April 1970
date of birth	Luboš Zákostelský (born 25 September 1967) is a Czech former football player who currently works as a football manager for Sezimovo Ústí.	Luboš Zákostelský	25 September 1967
date of birth	Jennifer Gibney (born 7 July 1964) is an Irish actress, best known for playing Cathy Brown in the BBC television sitcom, Mrs. Brown's Boys.	Jennifer Gibney	7 July 1964
date of birth	Abd Al Aziz Awda, also known as Sheik Odeh (born 20 December 1950) is a Palestinian and one of the founders of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, also known as Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ), which is deemed by the United States to be an international terrorist organization.	Abd Al Aziz Awda	20 December 1950
date of birth	Elisabeth of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg (24 September 1580 -- 21 December 1653 in Rügenwalde in Pomerania) was a German noblewoman.	Elisabeth of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg	24 September 1580
date of birth	Jüri Okas (born 26 August 1950 in Tallinn) is a notable Estonian architect, installation artst and printmaker.	Jüri Okas	26 August 1950
date of birth	Lasha Khmaladze (born Tbilisi, 20 January 1988) is a Georgian rugby union player, who plays as a fly half or fullback for the Georgian national rugby union team and Lelo in the Georgia Championship.	Lasha Khmaladze	20 January 1988
date of birth	Julieanne Newbould (born 1957) is an Australian actress who first came to prominence in the 1970s.	Julieanne Newbould	1957
date of birth	Nicolas Champenois (April 1734 - 30 October 1811) was a missionary of Paris Foreign Missions Society and was the Superior of Karnatic Mission after Pierre Brigot from 8 November 1791 until his death.	Nicolas Champenois	April 1734
date of birth	Chase Finlay (born 1990) is an American ballet dancer and currently a principal dancer with the New York City Ballet.	Chase Finlay	1990
date of birth	Berkley Cox (born 3 May 1935) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Berkley Cox	3 May 1935
date of birth	Niccolò Schirò (born 25 March 1994) is an Italian racing driver, who is best known for being the 2012 European F3 Open champion.	Niccolò Schirò	25 March 1994
date of birth	Carlo De Simone (1885-1951) was an officer in the Italian Army during World War II. During most of the East African Campaign, Lieutenant-General De Simone commanded Italian forces in southern Italian Somaliland.	Carlo De Simone	1885
date of birth	Torbjørn Løkken (born 28 June 1963) is a Norwegian nordic combined skier who competed from 1985 to 1990.	Torbjørn Løkken	28 June 1963
date of birth	Stuart Wenham (born 1957 in Sydney) is the current director of the ARC Centre of Excellence in Advanced Silicon Photovoltaics and Photonics and Director of Academic Studies of the School of Photovoltaic and Renewable Energy Engineering at the University of New South Wales.	Stuart Wenham	1957
date of birth	Monica Reeves (born 1972 in Oakville, Ontario) is a Canadian professional poker and blackjack player.	Monica Reeves	1972
date of birth	Denis Connolly (born 1965, Dun Laoghaire, Ireland) is an installation and video artist.	Denis Connolly	1965
date of birth	Masao Kishimoto (Japanese: 岸本正雄) (October 1881 -- May 20, 1963) was Director of the Karafuto Agency (December 17, 1931 -- July 5, 1932).	Masao Kishimoto	October 1881
date of birth	Irene Papas (Greek Ειρήνη Παππά; born 3 September 1926) is a retired Greek actress and occasional singer, who has starred in over seventy films in a career spanning more than fifty years.	Irene Papas	3 September 1926
date of birth	Jessica Salomé di Iorio (born 23 July 1980) is an Argentine lawyer and football referee.	Salomé di Iorio	23 July 1980
date of birth	Ciarán Hinds (/ˈkɪərɔːn ˈhaɪndz/ KEER-awn HYNDZ; born 9 February 1953) is an Irish film, television and stage actor.	Ciarán Hinds	9 February 1953
date of birth	Robert Malm (born 21 August 1973 in Dunkerque) is a former French-born Togolese football striker.	Robert Malm	21 August 1973
date of birth	Duane Dyer, better known by his stage name, Iceberg Slimm (born 1978) is a Black British rapper and founder of Frojak Entertainment who is best known for his singles ``Nursery Rhymes'', ``Bad Boy'' and ``Starship'' taken from his debut album, Da World on Ice.	Iceberg Slimm	1978
date of birth	Sir John Ivan George Cadogan HonFREng CBE FRS FRSE FRSC PLSW (born 8 October 1930), commonly known as John Cadogan, is a British scientist specializing in organic chemistry.	John Cadogan	1930
date of birth	John B. Sollenberger (1897--1967) was an American sports and entertainment executive closely associated with Milton S. Hershey and the development of Hershey, Pennsylvania.	John B. Sollenberger	1897
date of birth	James Croak (born 1951) is a visual artist known for his work in conceptual figuration and sculpture.	James Croak	1951
date of birth	Marcus van Teijlingen (born 20 March 1973 in Rijnsburg) is a Dutch dance instructor and professional Latin-American dancer.	Marcus van Teijlingen	20 March 1973
date of birth	Adam Kirsch (born 1976) is an American poet and literary critic.	Adam Kirsch	1976
date of birth	Jim Trend (2 November 1878 -- 17 February 1954) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jim Trend	2 November 1878
date of birth	Yordan Sokolov, sometimes spelled as Jordan Sokolov (born 18 January 1933) is a Bulgarian jurist and politician, Minister of Internal affairs between 1991-1992, three mandates an MP between January 1995 and June 2005, and he is a Speaker (бълг. председател) of Parliament between 1997 - 2001.	Yordan Sokolov	18 January 1933
date of birth	Eddy Bensoussan (born 1938 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian physician.	Eddy Bensoussan	1938
date of birth	Sheila McClennon (born 13 May 1960) is a British radio presenter, notable for her work on BBC Radio 4.	Sheila McClennon	13 May 1960
date of birth	Veniamin Reshetnikov (Russian: Вениамин Сергеевич Решетников; born 28 July 1986) is a Russian sabre fencer, European champion in 2009, World champion in 2013, and winner of the 2012--13 Fencing World Cup.	Veniamin Reshetnikov	28 July 1986
date of birth	Jaco Van Dormael (born 9 February 1957) is a Belgian film director, screenwriter and playwright.	Jaco Van Dormael	9 February 1957
date of birth	Ernesto Djédjé (1948--1983) was an Ivorian musician from Daloa.	Ernesto Djédjé	1948
date of birth	Roxane Hayward (born Roxane Josephine Hayward, 7 May 1991) is a South African film and television actress.	Roxane Hayward	7 May 1991
date of birth	Kurt Ove Håkan Buskhe, born 8 November 1963 in Örnsköldsvik, is a Swedish businessman, better known as the president and CEO of the Swedish aerospace and defence company Saab Group, a role he has been in since September 2010.	Håkan Buskhe	8 November 1963
date of birth	David Loosli (born 8 May 1980 in Berne) is a former Swiss professional road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 2004 and 2011, mainly for UCI ProTeam Lampre-Caffita, retiring as a member of the squad.	David Loosli	8 May 1980
date of birth	Tadeusz Ajdukiewicz (1852 -- January 9, 1916) was a Polish realist painter from around the turn-of-the-century, best known for his battle-scenes, portraits, landscapes and paintings of horses.	Tadeusz Ajdukiewicz	1852
date of birth	Robert A. Maxwell (1838, Washington County, New York -- June 8, 1912, Batavia, Genesee County, New York) was an American politician	Robert A. Maxwell	1838
date of birth	Viktória Csáki (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈviktoːriɒ ˈtʃaːki); born 3 March 1986 in Tiszalök) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for French club Fehérvár KC and the Hungarian national team.	Viktória Csáki	3 March 1986
date of birth	Sir Edwin Alliott Verdon Roe OBE, Hon. FRAeS, FIAS (26 April 1877 -- 4 January 1958) was a pioneer English pilot and aircraft manufacturer, and founder in 1910 of the Avro company.	Alliott Verdon Roe	26 April 1877
date of birth	William Fraigneau (1717--1788) was a Greek professor at Cambridge University.	William Fraigneau	1717
date of birth	Eric de Sturler (born 15 January 1966, Groningen) is a Professor of Mathematics at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, Virginia.	Eric de Sturler	15 January 1966
date of birth	Lester S. Hill (1891--1961) was an American mathematician and educator who was interested in applications of mathematics to communications.	Lester S. Hill	1891
date of birth	Hayden Mexted (born 10 March 1979 in Whakatane) is an American rugby union lock.	Hayden Mexted	10 March 1979
date of birth	Dr. Joseph Waltl (28 July 1805--4 March 1888) was a German physician and naturalist.	Joseph Waltl	28 July 1805
date of birth	William Stratton Mills (born 1 July 1932), is a retired solicitor and former politician in Northern Ireland.	Stratton Mills	1 July 1932
date of birth	Lincoln Michel (born 1982) is an American short-story writer and editor.	Lincoln Michel	1982
date of birth	Sherrod Williams (1804 -- unknown) was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky.	Sherrod Williams	1804
date of birth	Holger Handtke (born 1968) is a German television actor.	Holger Handtke	1968
date of birth	Craig Skelton (born 14 September 1980) is an English footballer who played as a striker in the Football League for Darlington and in non-league football for a large number of clubs, mostly in the north east of England.	Craig Skelton	14 September 1980
date of birth	Bruce Gilchrist (b. 1930 ) is considered one of the notable figures in modern computing history.	Bruce Gilchrist	1930
date of birth	Ouyang Xiadan (simplified Chinese: 欧阳夏丹; traditional Chinese: 歐陽夏丹; pinyin: ōuáang Xiàdān; born 28 July 1977) is a Chinese news anchor for China Central Television, the main state announcer of China.	Ouyang Xiadan	28 July 1977
date of birth	Qiu Chuji (traditional Chinese: 丘處機; simplified Chinese: 丘处机; pinyin: Qiū Chǔjī; 1148 -- 23 July 1227), also known by his Taoist name Changchun zi (Chinese: 長春子; pinyin: Chángchūnzi), was a Daoist disciple of Wang Chongyang.	Qiu Chuji	1148
date of birth	Stuart Torevell (born 1 April 1974 in Stockport, Greater Manchester) is a camera operator and rigger working for television production company Antix Productions on shows such as Most Haunted.	Stuart Torevell	1 April 1974
date of birth	Roger Sandall (1933 - August 11, 2012) was an essayist and commentator on cultural relativism and is best known as the author of The Culture Cult.	Roger Sandall	1933
date of birth	John Robert Edwards (born 3 December 1947, Southampton, England) is professor of psychology at St Francis Xavier University in Nova Scotia, Canada.	John Robert Edwards	3 December 1947
date of birth	Brian Fenton (born 2 March 1993) is a Gaelic footballer for the Dublin senior football team and plays his club football for Raheny.	Brian Fenton	2 March 1993
date of birth	Peter Heather (born 1960) is a historian of Late Antiquity and the Early Middle Ages, currently Professor of Medieval History at King's College London.	Peter Heather	1960
date of birth	Corneliu Papură (born 5 September 1973) is a former Romanian footballer and current head coach.	Corneliu Papură	5 September 1973
date of birth	Mark F. Green (born 1953) is an American lawyer from Oklahoma who currently serves as the United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, having served in that position since September 29, 2010, when he was appointed by President Barack Obama.	Mark F. Green	1953
date of birth	Vincent Regan (born 16 May 1965) is a British film and television actor, best known for his roles in historical/mythological epics such as 300, Troy and Clash of the Titans.	Vincent Regan	16 May 1965
date of birth	Benjamin Lucraft (born 1809) was a famous craftsman chair-carver in London where his radical inclinations led him to be involved in many political movements.	Benjamin Lucraft	1809
date of birth	Daniel Philippidis (Greek: Δανιήλ Φιλιππίδης; Romanian: Dimitrie Daniil Philippide; c. 1750 -- 1832) was a Greek scholar, figure of the modern Greek Enlightenment and member of the patriotic organization Filiki Etaireia.	Daniel Philippidis	1750
date of birth	Hossein Ojaghi (Persian: حسین اجاقی‎, born 30 August 1975 in Tehran) is an Iranian wushu athlete and mixed martial artist.	Hossein Ojaghi	30 August 1975
date of birth	Olga Kálmán (born 23 February 1968) is a Hungarian news editor, television host and author.	Olga Kálmán	23 February 1968
date of birth	Robert J. Sanborn ( born 1958 in Boston) is a fund manager, Portfolio manager and managing member of Sanborn Kilcollin Partners, LLC an investment management firm started in 2001.	Robert J. Sanborn	1958
date of birth	Tom Atlee (born 1947) is an American social, peace and environmental activist and author.	Tom Atlee	1947
date of birth	Tal Ma'abi (Hebrew: טל מעבי‎, born 15 May 1985) is an Israeli footballer playing for Beitar Kfar Saba	Tal Ma'abi	15 May 1985
date of birth	William Kent (c. 1685 -- 12 April 1748) was an eminent English architect, landscape architect and furniture designer of the early 18th century.	William Kent	1685
date of birth	Andy Scharmin (29 November 1967 -- 7 June 1989 in Paramaribo) was a Surinamese-Dutch footballer.	Andy Scharmin	29 November 1967
date of birth	Matthew Howard, III MD (born 1959) is an American neurosurgeon, electrophysiologist, and inventor.	Matthew Howard, III	1959
date of birth	Lim Seon-joo (Hangul: 임선주, born 27 November 1990) is a South Korean football player for Incheon Red Angels and the South Korean national team.	Lim Seon-joo	27 November 1990
date of birth	Janet Holmes à Court, AC, HonFAHA, HonFAIB (born Janet Lee Ranford on 29 November 1943 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian businesswoman, philanthropist, and one of Australia's wealthiest women.	Janet Holmes à Court	29 November 1943
date of birth	John Hindley (born 7 August 1965) is a retired British professional wrestler best known by his ring name Johnny Smith.	John Hindley	7 August 1965
date of birth	Kwak Yi-kyong (곽이경, born 1979) is a South Korean LGBT human rights activist, civil rights activist, and labor rights activist.	Kwak Yi-kyong	1979
date of birth	Manolis Tzanakakis (Greek: Μανώλης Τζανακάκης, born 30 April 1992) is a Greek footballer who currently plays for Cypriot First Division club Anorthosis, as a Right back / Left back, on loan from Olympiakos.	Manolis Tzanakakis	30 April 1992
date of birth	Thomas Hübener (born 25 June 1982) is a German footballer who can play in defence or midfield.	Thomas Hübener	25 June 1982
date of birth	Greedy Smith is the pseudonym of Andrew McArthur Smith or Andy Smith (born 16 January 1956, Sydney), who is a vocalist, keyboardist, harmonicist and songwriter with Australian pop/new wave band Mental As Anything.	Greedy Smith	16 January 1956
date of birth	Gary Warburton (born 15 November 1987 in Griffith, New South Wales) is an Australian former rugby league footballer for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs in the National Rugby League.	Gary Warburton	15 November 1987
date of birth	Tracey Freeman (born 1948) is an Australian Paralympic athlete who won ten medals at two Paralympics.	Tracey Freeman	1948
date of birth	Tomasz Sakiewicz (born 31 December 1967 in Warsaw) is editor-in-chief of Gazeta Polska and a Polish right-wing journalist.	Tomasz Sakiewicz	31 December 1967
date of birth	Patrick Montan (born 1976) is a Swiss harpsichordist and musicologist.	Patrick Montan	1976
date of birth	Kathryn Sikkink (born 1955) is an author, human rights academic, and scholar of international relations working primarily through the theoretical strain of constructivism.	Kathryn Sikkink	1955
date of birth	Mazen Metwaly (Arabic: مازن متولي‎; born 14 March 1990) is a Saudi Arabian-born Egyptian professional swimmer, specialising in Open water swimming.	Mazen Metwaly	14 March 1990
date of birth	Martin Dwars (born 17 December 1987) is a German Goalkeeper who plays for VfB Berlin-Friedrichshain.	Martin Dwars	17 December 1987
date of birth	Paul Prymke (born 8 December 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Paul Prymke	8 December 1970
date of birth	Mathew Cheeseman (born 2 April 1985) is an Australian soccer referee.	Mathew Cheeseman	2 April 1985
date of birth	Edmund Giblin (29 June 1923 -- 2000) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City.	Edmund Giblin	29 June 1923
date of birth	Clive Parker (born 1960) also known as Clive Parker-Sharp, is a British drummer, active in the punk, post-punk and new wave genres.	Clive Parker	1960
date of birth	James Livingstone Begg FRSE FGS JP (1874 - 1958) was a Scottish geologist.	James Livingstone Begg	1874
date of birth	Glenhall Taylor (1903--1997) was an American writer, producer, and director for radio and television.	Glenhall Taylor	1903
date of birth	Professor Emeritus Claus Michael Kauffmann (born 5 February 1931) was Director of the Courtauld Institute, London, from 1985-1995.	Michael Kauffmann	1931
date of birth	Sheryl Williams Stapleton (born 1958) is a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives where she represents District 19.	Sheryl Williams Stapleton	1958
date of birth	Mary Nissenson (born April 1952) is an award-winning American television journalist, who also has been an entrepreneur, social activist and university instructor.	Mary Nissenson	April 1952
date of birth	Louise Mohn (born 14 January 1974) is a Norwegian entrepreneur and sole founder of The Luzmon and co-founder of Michelsen Medical.	Louise Mohn	14 January 1974
date of birth	Jean Carolus (Brussels, 1814 -- 1897, Paris), a Belgian painter of genre scenes and interiors, spent much of his life living and working in France.	Jean Carolus	1814
date of birth	András Sebő (born 24 April 1954) is a Hungarian-French mathematician working in the areas of combinatorial optimization and discrete mathematics.	András Sebő	24 April 1954
date of birth	Nguyen Dinh Ngoc (13 August 1932 -- 2 May 2006 ) was an Army officer and a Vietnamese mathematician.	Nguyen Dinh Ngoc	13 August 1932
date of birth	Jeff Campitelli (born 29 December 1960) is a drummer who has worked with Joe Satriani on many of his albums as well as live performances.	Jeff Campitelli	29 December 1960
date of birth	Jan van Almeloveen (ca. 1652 -- after 1683) was a Dutch painter, engraver, and draughtsman of the 17th century, principally known for some neatly executed etchings of landscapes.	Jan van Almeloveen	1652
date of birth	Jeff Prescott (born 1969, Olean, New York) is an American amateur wrestler, who won two NCAA division 1 championships at Penn State University and was the first Penn State Most Outstanding Wrestler (MOW) of the NCAA tournament.	Jeff Prescott	1969
date of birth	Leopold Markbreit (1842--1909) was a German-American Republican politician in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Leopold Markbreit	1842
date of birth	William James Hubard (1807--1862) was British-born artist who worked in England and the United States in the 19th century.	William James Hubard	1807
date of birth	Wilma Elizabeth Forster (nēe Oram) Young AM (17 August 1916 -- 28 May 2001), commonly known as Wilma Oram, was an Australian Army nurse during the Second World War.	Wilma Oram	17 August 1916
date of birth	Greg Stolze (born 1970) is an American game designer, writer and novelist, whose work has mainly focused on writing for role-playing games and related intellectual properties.	Greg Stolze	1970
date of birth	Jelger Wiegersma (born 4 December 1981) is a Dutch Magic:	Jelger Wiegersma	4 December 1981
date of birth	Javan Sebastian (born 27 September 1994 in Llanelli, Wales) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Glasgow Warriors at the Tighthead Prop position.	Javan Sebastian	27 September 1994
date of birth	Ingrid Antonijevic Hahn (born 22 July 1952) is a Chilean economist, entrepreneur, academic and former Minister of Economy, Development and Reconstruction (2006) for only two months, in the first cabinet of socialist president Michelle Bachelet.	Ingrid Antonijevic	22 July 1952
date of birth	Andrew Howe (born 12 May 1985) is an Italian athlete who specializes in the long jump.	Andrew Howe	12 May 1985
date of birth	Rupert Raj (born 1952) is a Canadian Eurasian, trans* activist and transsexual man.	Rupert Raj	1952
date of birth	Patrick Condon (born in Brockton Massachusetts in 1950) is a notable Canadian urban designer, planner and professor, and is author of several planning books in the field of sustainability and public engagement.	Patrick Condon	1950
date of birth	Zhang Jiucheng (Chinese: 張九成; pinyin: Zhāng Jǐuchéng; 1092--1159), courtesy name Zishao (子韶), was a Song Dynasty politician.	Zhang Jiucheng	1092
date of birth	Francisco de Paula Ramos de Azevedo (8 December 1851 -- 13 June 1928) was a Brazilian architect, known for designing various buildings and landmarks in São Paulo, such as the Teatro Municipal, the Mercado Municipal and the Pinacoteca.	Ramos de Azevedo	8 December 1851
date of birth	Wanida Boonwan (Thai: วนิดา บุญวรรณ; born 30 August 1986 in Ubon Ratchathani) is a Thai athlete competing in the high jump.	Wanida Boonwan	30 August 1986
date of birth	Valerie Leon (born 12 November 1943) is an English actress who had roles in a number of high-profile British film franchises, including the Carry On series.	Valerie Leon	12 November 1943
date of birth	Charles W. Juels (1944-2009) was an American amateur astronomer.	Charles W. Juels	1944
date of birth	Ayshe Talay-Ongan, PhD (DOB 23 September 1947) is a Turkish-born author and a retired academic from Macquarie University, Sydney (1989--2007), from where she has received the Outstanding Teacher Award in 2003.	Ayshe Talay-Ongan	23 September 1947
date of birth	Dionís Renart i García (Barcelona, 1878 - Barcelona, 1946) was a Catalan sculptor and astronomer.	Dionís Renart	1878
date of birth	Michalis Klokidis (Greek: Μιχάλης Κλοκίδης, born 23 December 1971) is the all-time scorer in the top four divisions of Greek football.	Michalis Klokidis	23 December 1971
date of birth	Wyn Hoop (born 29 May 1936) is a German singer, birth name Winfried Lüssenhop, best known for his participation in the 1960 Eurovision Song Contest.	Wyn Hoop	29 May 1936
date of birth	Philip Michael Ondaatje, OC (/ɒnˈdɑːtʃiː/; born 12 September 1943), is a Sri Lankan-born Canadian novelist and poet.	Michael Ondaatje	12 September 1943
date of birth	Zvika Hadar (Hebrew: צביקה הדר‎; born 7 April 1966) is an Israeli actor, comedian and television host.	Zvika Hadar	7 April 1966
date of birth	Jack Elton Bresenham (born 11 October 1937, Clovis, New Mexico) is a former professor of computer science.	Jack Elton Bresenham	11 October 1937
date of birth	De Es Schwertberger (born Dieter Schwertberger 1942), commonly known simply as De Es (since 1972), is an Austrian artist, painter and modeller.	De Es Schwertberger	1942
date of birth	Franz Emmerich Kaspar von Waldbott von Bassenheim (1626--1683) was the Prince-Bishop of Worms from 1679 to 1682.	Franz Emmerich Kaspar von Waldbott von Bassenheim	1626
date of birth	Rajani Kanta Patir (born 1917) was an Indian Administrative Service officer.	Rajani Kanta Patir	1917
date of birth	Nina Canell (born 1979) is a Swedish sculpture and installation artist.	Nina Canell	1979
date of birth	Manusha Nanayakkara (born 24 September 1977) is a Sri Lankan politician and a current Member of Parliament for Galle District.	Manusha Nanayakkara	24 September 1977
date of birth	Joseph Bowler (born 1928, Forest Hills, New York) is an artist and illustrator.	Joseph Bowler	1928
date of birth	Wafika Sultan Al-Essa (Arabic: وفيقة سلطان العيسى‎; born 1952 in Bahrain) is a Qatari artist specializing in painting and plastic arts.	Wafika Sultan Al-Essa	1952
date of birth	Zhi Dun (Chinese: 支遁; pinyin: Zhī Dùn; Wade--Giles: Chih Tun; 314-366 CE) was a Chinese Buddhist monk and philosopher.	Zhi Dun	314
date of birth	Joel Garten (born 1981) is a pianist and improviser known for his innovative improvisations.	Joel Garten	1981
date of birth	Alejandro Santo Domingo Dávila (born 13 February 1977) is a Colombian-American financier and philanthropist.	Alejandro Santo Domingo	13 February 1977
date of birth	Athinodoros Prousalis or Proussalis (Greek: Αθηνόδωρος Προύσαλης; 15 December 1926 -- 5 June 2012) was a Greek film and television actor.	Athinodoros Prousalis	15 December 1926
date of birth	Pope Nicholas V (Latin: Nicholaus V) (15 November 1397 -- 24 March 1455), born Tommaso Parentucelli, was Pope from 6 March 1447 until his death in 1455.	Pope Nicholas V	15 November 1397
date of birth	Janet Ågren (born 6 April 1949) is a Swedish former actress of mostly Italian exploitation films.	Janet Ågren	6 April 1949
date of birth	Bo Petersen (born 21 February 1958 Bolbro, Denmark) is a former motorcycle speedway rider who first rode in the UK with the Hackney Hawks.	Bo Petersen	21 February 1958
date of birth	Goran Krivokapić (Горан Кривокапић) (born 1979) is a Montenegrin classical guitarist.	Goran Krivokapić	1979
date of birth	Thomas Sanzillo (born 1955 in Brooklyn, New York City) is an American investment banker, financial advisor and politician.	Thomas Sanzillo	1955
date of birth	David Szalay (Montréal, 1974) is an English writer.	David Szalay	1974
date of birth	Lise Kjølsrød (born 1949) is a Norwegian sociologist, specialising in the sociology of medical care.	Lise Kjølsrød	1949
date of birth	Knut Kiesewetter (born 13 September 1941) is a German jazz musician, singer, songwriter, and producer.	Knut Kiesewetter	13 September 1941
date of birth	Marwa Rakha (born 1978) is an Egyptian relationship and dating expert.	Marwa Rakha	1978
date of birth	Dirk Else (born 27 August 1977 in Erlabrunn, GDR) is a retired German ski jumper.	Dirk Else	27 August 1977
date of birth	Vera Berdich (1915 Cicero, Illinois -- October 12, 2003 Chicago) was an American printmaker.	Vera Berdich	1915
date of birth	Sir Frank Brian Smedley (28 November 1934 -- 6 April 2007) was a High Court judge in the Queen's Bench Division from 1995 to 2000.	Brian Smedley	28 November 1934
date of birth	Ludwig Halberstädter (9 December 1876, Beuthen, Oberschlesien - 20 August 1949) was a German-Jewish radiologist.	Ludwig Halberstädter	9 December 1876
date of birth	Kaina Martinez (born 20 February 1986 in the Garifuna village Seine Bight, Stann Creek District) is a Belizean athlete.	Kaina Martinez	20 February 1986
date of birth	Juliet Jacques (born 3 October 1981) is a British journalist, critic and writer of short fiction, known for her work on the transgender experience, including her transition as a trans woman.	Juliet Jacques	1981
date of birth	Solomon Perel (also Shlomo Perel or Sally Perel; born 21 April 1925) is an Israeli author and motivational speaker.	Solomon Perel	21 April 1925
date of birth	Julian Putkowski (born 1947) is a British university teacher, military historian, researcher and broadcaster.	Julian Putkowski	1947
date of birth	Kellyn Tate (born c. 1976), is an American softball coach and former player.	Kellyn Tate	1976
date of birth	Brian Wynne (Born 14 January 1947) is Professor of Science Studies and Research Director of the Centre for the Study of Environmental Change (CSEC) at the University of Lancaster.	Brian Wynne	14 January 1947
date of birth	Cai Guangliao (born 1958) is a Chinese senior police officer who spent most of his career in South China's Guangdong province.	Cai Guangliao	1958
date of birth	Marcello Ferrada de Noli, also referred to as Ferrada-Noli, was born in Chile 25 July 1943, in family of Italian ancestry rooted in Genoa (Liguria), descendants of the nobleman and explorer António de Noli.	Marcello Ferrada de Noli	25 July 1943
date of birth	Ahmed Mohamed Kakoyi (born in Masaka, Uganda on 8 October 1980) better known by his stage name Mad Ice is a Ugandan singer and songwriter of Raggamuffin and at a later stage with Afro-pop and Afro-soul music.	Mad Ice	8 October 1980
date of birth	Patricia Jünger (born 6 August 1951) is a Swiss-Austrian multi-media artist, conductor, sound director and composer.	Patricia Jünger	6 August 1951
date of birth	Eliza O'Flaherty (1818-1882) née Winstanley, was an Australian writer and stage actor.	Eliza O'Flaherty	1818
date of birth	Arva Moore Parks McCabe (born 1939) is a historian, author and preservationist in Miami, Florida.	Arva Moore Parks McCabe	1939
date of birth	Maja Lidia Kossakowska (1972) is a Polish fantasy writer, archeologist and journalist.	Maja Lidia Kossakowska	1972
date of birth	Sakher El Materi (Mohamed Sakhr El Materi, Arabic: محمد صخر الماطري‎, born 2 December 1981) is a Tunisian businessman.	Sakher El Materi	2 December 1981
date of birth	Abdelmalek Droukdel (born 20 April 1970), also known by his nom de guerre as Abu Musab Abdel Wadoud, is the emir, or leader, of the Algerian Islamic militant group Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), formerly the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat (GSPC).	Abdelmalek Droukdel	20 April 1970
date of birth	Peter Lewis Allen (born 1957) is a scholar, author, educator, and executive.	Peter Lewis Allen	1957
date of birth	Matt Gordon (born 1969) is a Canadian actor, perhaps best known for playing Doc in the sports sitcom Rent-a-Goalie, and for his portrayal of Officer Oliver Shaw in the drama series Rookie Blue.	Matt Gordon	1969
date of birth	George James Peirce (1868--1954) was an American botanist known for his work on plant physiology.	George James Peirce	1868
date of birth	George Frederick Shrady, Jr., M.D. (1862 - April 5, 1933) was the coroner for the New York County, New York in 1906, and head of the Aqueduct Police.	George Frederick Shrady, Jr.	1862
date of birth	Kiini Ibura Salaam (born 1973) is an essayist, science fiction and fantasy short story writer, and painter.	Kiini Ibura Salaam	1973
date of birth	Itamar Zorman (Hebrew: איתמר זורמן‎; born 1985) is an Israeli violinist.	Itamar Zorman	1985
date of birth	Fred O'Connor (born September 1, 1939) is a former American football coach and administrator whose career spanned more than 30 years at the high school, collegiate, and professional levels.	Fred O'Connor	1939
date of birth	Dr. Hao Ping (Chinese: 郝平; born 1959 in Shandong) is a Chinese politician who has served as Vice Minister of Education.	Hao Ping	1959
date of birth	Claude Marc Bourget (born 1956, in Montreal) is a musician, writer and Quebec journalist.	Claude Marc Bourget	1956
date of birth	Friedrich-Wilhelm Krüger (8 May 1894 -- 10 May 1945) was a Nazi official and high-ranking member of the SA and SS. Between 1939 and 1943 he was Higher SS and Police Leader.	Friedrich-Wilhelm Krüger	8 May 1894
date of birth	George Dearnaley (born 23 February 1969) is a retired South Africann football (soccer) striker who played for Hellenic FC, Seven Stars and most notably AmaZulu.	George Dearnaley	23 February 1969
date of birth	Lucas Fotsing Takou (born 1980), known as LucFosther Diop, is a Cameroonian artist, filmmaker, actor and entrepreneur.	LucFosther Diop	1980
date of birth	Stephen Glover (born 13 January 1952) is a British journalist and columnist for The Daily Mail.	Stephen Glover	13 January 1952
date of birth	Charles Jean-Baptiste des Gallois de La Tour (1715-1802) was a French public official.	Charles Jean-Baptiste des Gallois de La Tour	1715
date of birth	Trausti Stefánsson (born 20 January 1985) is an Icelandic sprinter and a current holder of the Icelandic record in the 400-meter sprint (indoors).	Trausti Stefánsson	20 January 1985
date of birth	Paul Chadwick (born 1957) is an American comic book creator best known for his series Concrete about a normal man trapped in a rock-hard body.	Paul Chadwick	1957
date of birth	Walter Maponyane (born 27 November 1987 in Malamulele, Limpopo) is a South African football (soccer) player for Premier Soccer League club Mamelodi Sundowns.	Walter Maponyane	27 November 1987
date of birth	Darren Keyton (born 15 June 1990, Traverse City, Michigan) is an American football offensive lineman currently playing for the Detroit Lions.	Darren Keyton	15 June 1990
date of birth	Israel Contreras (born 27 December 1960) is a Venezuelan former professional boxer who won the World Boxing Association bantamweight title.	Israel Contreras	27 December 1960
date of birth	Manfred Mayrhofer (26 September 1926 -- 31 October 2011) was an Austrian Indo-Europeanist who specialized in Indo-Iranian languages.	Manfred Mayrhofer	26 September 1926
date of birth	Sushrii Shreya Mishraa (born 4 January 1991) is an Indian Model and beauty queen from Odisha.	Sushrii Shreya Mishraa	4 January 1991
date of birth	Maksud Karimov (Uzbek: Maqsud Karimov or Мақсуд Каримов) (born 2 March 1985) is an Uzbek footballer.	Maksud Karimov	2 March 1985
date of birth	Vala Flosadóttir (born 16 February 1978 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic former athlete competing in the pole vault.	Vala Flosadóttir	16 February 1978
date of birth	Frances Tustin (born in Northern England in 1913) was a pioneering child psychotherapist renowned for her work with children with autism in the 1950s.	Frances Tustin	1913
date of birth	Princess Alexandra of Hanover (German: Alexandra Irene Margaretha Elisabeth Bathildis, Prinzessin von Hannover), Duchess of Brunswick-Lüneburg, Princess of Leiningen (born 18 February 1959) is the wife of Andreas, 8th Prince of Leiningen.	Alexandra of Hanover	18 February 1959
date of birth	Nedim Şener (IPA: (ne̞d̪im ʃe̞ne̞ɾ); born 1966 in Germany) is a Turkish writer and journalist who has written for the Milliyet (from 1994) and Posta newspapers.	Nedim Şener	1966
date of birth	David Boyle, 7th Earl of Glasgow GCMG (31 May 1833 -- 13 December 1915) was a British naval commander and colonial governor.	David Boyle, 7th Earl of Glasgow	31 May 1833
date of birth	Ken Hodgkisson (born 12 March 1933 in West Bromwich, England) is an English footballer who played primarily for Walsall.	Ken Hodgkisson	12 March 1933
date of birth	Abu Sayed Mohammad Abdul Awal (G), ndc, MDS, psc, BN (born 1957) is a Bangladesh Navy Rear Admiral and former Assistant Chief of Naval Staff (Personnel).	Abu Sayed Mohammad Abdul Awal	1957
date of birth	Lasse Münstermann (born 6 April 1979) is a German retired snooker player and pundit.	Lasse Münstermann	6 April 1979
date of birth	Meghan Beesley (born 15 November 1989) is an English athlete specialising in the 400 metres hurdles.	Meghan Beesley	15 November 1989
date of birth	Dalton Stevens (born 1930), better known as the Button King, is a hobbyist, outsider artist and musician notable for his unusual button art and related media appearances.	Button King	1930
date of birth	Timothy Greenfield-Sanders (born 1952) is an American documentary filmmaker and portrait photographer based in New York City.	Timothy Greenfield-Sanders	1952
date of birth	Joachim Grieg (19 December 1849 -- 7 December 1932) was a Norwegian ship broker and politician.	Joachim Grieg	19 December 1849
date of birth	Dr Saeed Reza Ghaffari (Persian: دکتر سعید رضا غفاری‎‎) is an Iranian scientist and physician born in 1962, Fasa, Iran.	Saeed Reza Ghaffari	1962
date of birth	Alexander John Kosmina (born 17 August 1956), known as John Kosmina, is an Australian former football (soccer) player and manager, who is currently the Senior Coach of the Brisbane City club.	John Kosmina	17 August 1956
date of birth	Lavdrim Muhaxheri (pronounced /muː haˌdzːˈe ri/) (born 12 March 1989), also known by the nom de guerre Abu Abdullah al Kosova, Kosovo Albanian Islamic State (IS) leader for approximately 100--150 ethnic Albanian jihadi foreign fighters who fought in Iraq and Syria.	Lavdrim Muhaxheri	12 March 1989
date of birth	Sten Glenn Håberg (born 22 April 1964) is a former Norwegian football player who played for Lillestrøm, Start and Brann.	Sten Glenn Håberg	22 April 1964
date of birth	Ockert Cilliers (born 21 April 1981) is a South African 400 m hurdler.	Ockert Cilliers	21 April 1981
date of birth	Tanja Nijmeijer (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈtɑɲaː ˈnɛimɛiər); born 13 February 1978), also known as Alexandra Nariño, is a Dutch guerilla fighter and former English teacher who has been a member of the Colombian guerrilla group Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) since 2002.	Tanja Nijmeijer	13 February 1978
date of birth	Gustavus Athol Waterhouse (21 May 1877 -- 29 July 1950), was an eminent Australian entomologist.	Gustavus Athol Waterhouse	21 May 1877
date of birth	Hussain Ajij Kurbu also known as Hussen Ajij Kurbu (born 1990) is an Indian national cyclist champion and the captain of Maharashtra cycling team.	Hussain Ajij Kurbu	1990
date of birth	Dimitris Zouliotis (Greek: Δημήτρης Ζουλιώτης; born 12 June 1984) is a Greek footballer who plays for Niki Volos F.C..	Dimitris Zouliotis	12 June 1984
date of birth	Lucy Hadi (born February 1946 in Amelia Island, Florida, U.S.A.) was Secretary of the Florida Department of Children and Families.	Lucy Hadi	February 1946
date of birth	Rachel Isadora (born 1953) is an American illustrator and writer of children's books, especially picture books.	Rachel Isadora	1953
date of birth	Hewa Koparage Mervyn Silva (Sinhala:හේවා කෝපරගේ මර්වින් සිල්වා; Tamil:மேர்வின் சில்வா) (born 25 March 1944) is a Sri Lankan politician, Member of Parliament and a former government minister.	Mervyn Silva	25 March 1944
date of birth	Anja Rubik (born Anna Rubik; 12 June 1983) is a Polish model.	Anja Rubik	12 June 1983
date of birth	Margaret Christensen (8 January 1921 -- 30 November 2009) was an Australian actress and radio host.	Margaret Christensen	8 January 1921
date of birth	Hans Kristensen (born 25 September 1941) is a Danish film director, screenwriter, and actor.	Hans Kristensen	25 September 1941
date of birth	Joseph Merrill Currier (1820 -- April 22, 1884) was a Canadian member of parliament and businessman.	Joseph Merrill Currier	1820
date of birth	John Patrick Blake (born September 20, 1971) is an American musician & singer-songwriter who writes records and performs Americana and roots rock music.	John Patrick Blake	1971
date of birth	Aage Thordal-Christensen (born 1965) is a Danish dancer, choreographer and ballet director.	Aage Thordal-Christensen	1965
date of birth	Grant Evans (born 3 January 1990) is a Scottish professional footballer, currently playing for Irvine Meadow in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.	Grant Evans	3 January 1990
date of birth	Will Millar (born 1940) is an Irish-Canadian singer best known as a co-founding member of The Irish Rovers.	Will Millar	1940
date of birth	Tony Imi BSC (27 March 1937 -- 8 March 2010) was a British motion picture and television cinematographer.	Tony Imi	27 March 1937
date of birth	Aleksandar Drenovak (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Дреновак), born 30 December 1983 in Kraljevo is a Serbian middleweight boxer.	Aleksandar Drenovak	30 December 1983
date of birth	Hou Jingjing (侯晶晶 ), born in 1975, was the first Chinese woman in a wheelchair to earn a doctorate.	Hou Jingjing	1975
date of birth	Venkatesananda Saraswati (29 December, 1921 in Tanjore, South India--2 December, 1982 in Johannesburg, South Africa), known previously as Parthsarathy, was a disciple of Sivananda Saraswati.	Venkatesananda Saraswati	29 December, 1921
date of birth	Inger Støjberg (born 16 March 1973) is a Danish Minister of Integration since June 2015.	Inger Støjberg	16 March 1973
date of birth	Herbert Distel (born 7 August 1942 in Bern) is a Swiss painter, sculptor, photographer, filmmaker and composer currently residing in Katzelsdorf near Vienna Austria.	Herbert Distel	7 August 1942
date of birth	Dame Carmen Marcela Contreras Arriagada, DBE (b. 4 January 1942) is a Chilean-born British leading blood expert, immunologist and university educator.	Marcela Contreras	4 January 1942
date of birth	King Huiwen of Zhao (Traditional Chinese: 趙惠文王) (born 310 BCE - died 266 BCE, reigned 298 BCE -- 266 BCE) reigned in the State of Zhao during the Warring States period of Chinese history.	King Huiwen of Zhao	310 BCE
date of birth	James Loughran CBE, DMus., FRNCM, FRSAMD (born 30 June 1931, Glasgow, Scotland) is a conductor.	James Loughran	30 June 1931
date of birth	Robert Rundell Guinness (12 December 1789 -7 March 1857) was an Irish banker, most famous for co-founding the Guinness Mahon bank in 1836.	Robert Rundell Guinness	12 December 1789
date of birth	Julia Anastasopoulos (born 14 June 1983) is a South African artist, illustrator, designer and actress.	Julia Anastasopoulos	14 June 1983
date of birth	Máté Balla (born 12 January 1991) is a Hungarian rock musician, best known as the guitarist of the garage rock band Ivan & The Parazol.	Máté Balla	12 January 1991
date of birth	Donald G. Bloesch (1928, Bremen, Indiana -- August 24, 2010) was a noted American evangelical theologian.	Donald G. Bloesch	1928
date of birth	Jay Allen Carnes, known as J. Allen Carnes (born 1975), is a farmer who has been since 2012 the mayor of Uvalde, Texas.	J. Allen Carnes	1975
date of birth	Shirley Kwan, Kwan Suk'E, or Kwan Suk Yee (, born 15 August 1966) is an influential Cantopop singer from Hong Kong.	Shirley Kwan	15 August 1966
date of birth	Rosamond Joscelyne Mitchell (born 1902) was an English author and archivist.	Rosamond Joscelyne Mitchell	1902
date of birth	Rodney Dean Drayton (born 1941) is a minister of the Uniting Church in Australia (UCA) and was President of the UCA Assembly from July 2003 to July 2006.	Dean Drayton	1941
date of birth	Thomas W. Sutherland (c. 1817--) was an early settler and attorney in San Diego, California.	Thomas W. Sutherland	1817
date of birth	Artan Tushi (born 25 January 1971, in Kavajë) is an Albanian pianist and composer.	Artan Tushi	25 January 1971
date of birth	Marie Cecilia Stegö Chilò (Swedish pronunciation: (kɪˈloː); born 25 March 1959) was the Swedish Minister for Culture for ten days, from 6 to 16 October 2006.	Cecilia Stegö Chilò	25 March 1959
date of birth	Johann Christoph Wichmannshausen (1663--1727) was a 17th-century German philologist.	Johann Christoph Wichmannshausen	1663
date of birth	Alejandro Pacheco (Born September 5, 1972 in Valencia, Carabobo, Venezuela) is a speaker, commentator and producer of Venezuelan sports TV.	Alejandro Pacheco	1972
date of birth	Professor Sir Colin Stansfield Smith CBE (1 October 1932 - 18 June 2013) was a British architect and academic.	Colin Stansfield Smith	1 October 1932
date of birth	Jens Steinigen (born 2 September 1966) is a former East German and German biathlete.	Jens Steinigen	2 September 1966
date of birth	Emily Richard (born 25 January 1948) is a British actress and a former member of the Royal Shakespeare Company.	Emily Richard	25 January 1948
date of birth	Richard Bracewell (born 28 November 1969) is an English film director with UK feature film production company Punk Cinema, which he set up in 2004 with co-producer and brother Tony Bracewell.	Richard Bracewell	28 November 1969
date of birth	Farshid Mesghali (Persian: فرشید مثقالی ‎‎, born July 1943) is an Iranian animator, graphic designer, illustrator, animator, and writer who has lived in the United States since 1986.	Farshid Mesghali	July 1943
date of birth	Liu Mingyuan (刘明源, pinyin: Líu Míngyuán; 1931-1996) was a prominent Chinese musician, composer, and teacher.	Liu Mingyuan	1931
date of birth	Scroobius Pip (born 3 August 1981) is a UK spoken word poet and hip hop recording artist from Stanford-le-Hope, Essex.	Scroobius Pip	3 August 1981
date of birth	Marta Jeschke (born 2 June 1986 in Wejherowo) is a Polish sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres.	Marta Jeschke	2 June 1986
date of birth	Toni Cucarella is the pen-name of Lluís Antoni Navarro i Cucarella, a writer born in Xàtiva, Valencia in 1959.	Toni Cucarella	1959
date of birth	Navya Nair was born on 14 October 1985 to Raju & Veena Raju who hails from Cheppad, a village near Harippad in Alleppey District.	Navya Nair	14 October 1985
date of birth	Anne Lonsdale CBE (née Menzies, first married name Griffin, born 16 February 1941) is a British sinologist and was the third President of New Hall, Cambridge.	Anne Lonsdale	1941
date of birth	Bob Spencer (born 5 September 1957) is a guitarist who was in two significant Australian rock bands in the 1970s and 1980s, Skyhooks and The Angels.	Bob Spencer	5 September 1957
date of birth	Michael Vincent Doyle (born 1942) is Professor Emeritus of the College of Agriculture and Natural Resources at Michigan State University, East Lansing, Michigan.	Michael Vincent Doyle	1942
date of birth	Dora Mazzone (born as Dora Paula Mazzone León on 2 June 1961) is a Venezuelan actress.	Dora Mazzone	2 June 1961
date of birth	Charles Theodore Dotter (1920--1985) was a pioneering US vascular radiologist who is credited with developing interventional radiology.	Charles Theodore Dotter	1920
date of birth	Yvonne Hak (Dutch pronunciation: (iˈvɔnə ɦɑk); born 30 June 1986) is a Dutch middle-distance runner, who specialises in the 800 metres.	Yvonne Hak	30 June 1986
date of birth	Kim Sang-wook (born 21 April 1988 in Seoul) is a Korean professional ice hockey left winger.	Kim Sang-wook	21 April 1988
date of birth	Herbert Myatt (1884 -- 1967) was an English footballer who played for Stoke.	Herbert Myatt	1884
date of birth	Hildegard Körner, née Ullrich (born 20 December 1959 in Urnshausen) is a retired East German middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.	Hildegard Körner	20 December 1959
date of birth	Josip Jurčević (born in Studenci near Imotski, 1951) is a Croatian historian and politician.	Josip Jurčević	1951
date of birth	Dimitar Kotev (Bulgarian: Димитър Котев) (born 3 March 1941) is a retired Bulgarian cyclist.	Dimitar Kotev	3 March 1941
date of birth	Philip Hobbs (born 26 July 1955) is a British racehorse trainer specializing mainly in National Hunt racing.	Philip Hobbs	26 July 1955
date of birth	Tham Yew Chin (born 1950), known by her pseudonym You Jin (尤今), is a Singaporean writer.	You Jin	1950
date of birth	Marin Tufan (born 16 October 1942) is a former Romanian football player; he played as a striker for FC Farul Constanţa.	Marin Tufan	16 October 1942
date of birth	Lewis Tappan (1788--1873) was a New York abolitionist who worked to achieve the freedom of the illegally enslaved Africans of the Amistad.	Lewis Tappan	1788
date of birth	Tim Tolkien (born September 1962) is an English sculptor who has designed several monumental sculptures, including the award-winning Sentinel.	Tim Tolkien	1962
date of birth	Born in 1972, Imani Sanga was educated at Chimala Primary School, Kidugala Lutheran Seminary, University of Dar es Salaam and the University of KwaZulu-Natal.	Imani Sanga	1972
date of birth	Danzyl Bruwer (born 5 November 1976) is a Namibian footballer formerly with Ajax Cape Town FC in the Premier Soccer League of South Africa.	Danzyl Bruwer	5 November 1976
date of birth	Friedrich Heinrich Zinckgraf (30 October 1878 -- 7 June 1954) was a German gallery owner, art dealer and philatelist from Munich.	Friedrich Heinrich Zinckgraf	30 October 1878
date of birth	Erel Margalit (Hebrew: אראל מרגלית‎; born 1 January 1961) is an Israeli politician and a high-tech and social entrepreneur.	Erel Margalit	1 January 1961
date of birth	Will Tupou (born 20 July 1990 in Auckland, New Zealand) is an Australian Rugby Union player who plays for the Western Force in the Super Rugby competition.	Will Tupou	20 July 1990
date of birth	Gabriel Lester (Amsterdam, 6 February 1972) is an inventor, visual artist and film director living and working in Amsterdam.	Gabriel Lester	6 February 1972
date of birth	Yang Zhaoxuan (Chinese: 杨钊煊; pinyin: Yáng Zhāoxuān; born 11 February 1995) is a Chinese tennis player.	Yang Zhaoxuan	11 February 1995
date of birth	Saverio Santora (1935--1987), also known as ``Sammy Black'', was a New York mobster with the Genovese crime family who briefly served as family underboss.	Saverio Santora	1935
date of birth	Peter Wynn (born 23 December 1957 in Maitland, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league player for the Parramatta Eels in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership competition.	Peter Wynn	23 December 1957
date of birth	Robert Hugh Buxton (1 July 1871 -- ?) was an English oil and watercolour painter and illustrator.	Robert Hugh Buxton	1871
date of birth	Sean Gehon (born 1985 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian television personality who currently resides in Regina, Saskatchewan.	Sean Gehon	1985
date of birth	Tommy Harmer (2 February 1928 -- 25 December 2007) was an English footballer who played in the number 8 shirt for The Spurs.	Tommy Harmer	2 February 1928
date of birth	Nenad Jovanovic (born 9 November 1979) is a Serbian-Austrian footballer.	Nenad Jovanovic	9 November 1979
date of birth	John Krogstie (born 23 May 1967) is a Norwegian computer scientist, professor in information systems at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) in Trondheim, Norway, and an expert in the field of enterprise modelling.	John Krogstie	23 May 1967
date of birth	Claire Foy (born 16 April 1984) is an English actress, best known for playing the title role in the BBC One production of Little Dorrit, Anna in the 2011 film Season of the Witch, Erin Matthews in the Channel 4 series The Promise, and Anne Boleyn in BBC2's Wolf Hall.	Claire Foy	16 April 1984
date of birth	Vladimir Božović (Serbian Cyrillic: Bлaдимиp Бoжoвић, born 13 November 1981) is a Montenegrin football left back playing with OFK Beograd in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Vladimir Božović	13 November 1981
date of birth	Cornel Milan (born 8 September 1971) is a Romanian fencer and fencing coach.	Cornel Milan	8 September 1971
date of birth	Jonathan Maitland (born 1961) is a British playwright, broadcaster and author.	Jonathan Maitland	1961
date of birth	Jassem Alwan (Arabic: جاسم علوان‎ given name also spelled Jasim) (born 1928) was a prominent colonel in the Syrian Army, particularly during the period of the United Arab Republic (UAR) (1958--1961) when he served as the Commander of the Qatana Base near Damascus.	Jassem Alwan	1928
date of birth	Roger Kenyon (born 4 January 1949) is an English footballer who played for Everton between 1967 and 1979.	Roger Kenyon	4 January 1949
date of birth	Jordi Murphy (born 22 April 1991) is an Irish international rugby player.	Jordi Murphy	22 April 1991
date of birth	Lei Tenglong (simplified Chinese: 雷腾龙; traditional Chinese: 雷騰龍; pinyin: Léi Ténglóng; born 17 January 1991) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League.	Lei Tenglong	17 January 1991
date of birth	Sanam Puri (born 30 June 1992) is an Indian singer and the lead vocalist of the band, Sanam.	Sanam Puri	30 June 1992
date of birth	Annelore Zinke (born 10 December 1958 in Lauchhammer, Brandenburg) is a German gymnast who competed for the SC Dynamo Berlin/ Sportvereinigung (SV) Dynamo.	Annelore Zinke	10 December 1958
date of birth	Robert V. Gentry (born 1933) is a nuclear physicist and young Earth creationist, known for his claims that radiohalos provide evidence for a young age of the Earth.	Robert V. Gentry	1933
date of birth	Hossam Salama ``Paulo'' (Arabic: ``حسام سلامة ''باولو‎) (born 15 November 1983) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Smouha in the Egyptian Premier League.	Hossam Salama	15 November 1983
date of birth	Andrew Moloney (born 10 January 1991 in Mitcham, Victoria) is an amateur boxer from Australia.	Andrew Moloney	10 January 1991
date of birth	Christie Watson (born 1976) is a British novelist whose novel Tiny Sunbirds Far Away won the Costa First Novel Award in the 2011 Costa Book Awards.	Christie Watson	1976
date of birth	Sir James Cockburn, 8th Baronet (c. 1729 -- 26 July 1804) was a Member of the Parliament of Great Britain for Linlithgow Burghs from 1772 to 1784.	Sir James Cockburn, 8th Baronet	1729
date of birth	Sheree Mutton (born 26 August 1988) is an Australian journalist, magazine editor and television presenter.	Sheree Mutton	26 August 1988
date of birth	Jean-Baptiste Romuald Fiset (7 February 1843 -- 5 January 1917) was a Canadian physician and parliamentarian.	Jean-Baptiste Romuald Fiset	7 February 1843
date of birth	Alan Bernheimer (born in 1948 New York City), is an American poet, often associated with the San Francisco Language poets.	Alan Bernheimer	1948
date of birth	Paul Jesson (born Paul George Jackson, 6 July 1946) is an English stage, television and film actor and an Associate Artist of the Royal Shakespeare Company.	Paul Jesson	6 July 1946
date of birth	Tamás Básthy (born 17 December 1943) is a Hungarian agronomist and politician, who served as mayor of Kőszeg between 1990 and 2002.	Tamás Básthy	17 December 1943
date of birth	Tom Junod (born in 1958) is an American journalist.	Tom Junod	1958
date of birth	Léon Fauché (born Briey (Meurthe-et-Moselle) in 1868 - 1950) was a French painter who in 1901, with Anquetin, organised the Salon des Refusés at the Pavillon des Arts Décoratifs, and founded the Association The Studio (L'Atelier) with Armand Point.	Léon Fauché	1868
date of birth	Andrea Giovannini (born 27 August 1993) is an Italian speed skater.	Andrea Giovannini	27 August 1993
date of birth	Arthur Lampkin (born circa 1938) is an English former professional motorcycle racer.	Arthur Lampkin	1938
date of birth	Annette Page (born 1932) is an English former ballerina.	Annette Page	1932
date of birth	Fernando José da Cunha Neto (born 27 January 1993), simply known as Fernando is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Macaé, on loan from Fluminense, as a left back.	Fernando José da Cunha Neto	27 January 1993
date of birth	Christos Tasoulis (Greek: Χρήστος Τασουλής; born 3 May 1991) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Panionios.	Christos Tasoulis	3 May 1991
date of birth	Michael J. Skindell (born 1962) is the state Senator for the 23rd District of the Ohio Senate.	Michael J. Skindell	1962
date of birth	Jerry Bledsoe (born 1941) is an American author and journalist known for several true crime titles based on murders in his native state of North Carolina.	Jerry Bledsoe	1941
date of birth	Vera McKechnie (born 1929) was one of the first presenters at the start of BBC Children's Television in the early 1950s.	Vera McKechnie	1929
date of birth	John T. Arundel (1 September 1841 -- 30 November 1919) was an English entrepreneur who was instrumental in the development of the mining of phosphate rock on the Pacific islands of Nauru and Banaba (Ocean Island).	John T. Arundel	1841
date of birth	František Raboň (born 26 September 1983) is a Czech mountain biker for the Specialized Racing Factory Mountain Bike Team.	František Raboň	26 September 1983
date of birth	Nariko Enomoto 榎本ナリコ (born 1967) is a manga author and manga critic who uses this name for children's and women's magazines.	Nariko Enomoto	1967
date of birth	Jean Elliot (April 1727 -- 29 March 1805), also known as Jane Elliot, was a Scottish poetess.	Jean Elliot	1727
date of birth	Oliver Boberg (born 1965) is a German artist, working with photography and video, whose work has been exhibited internationally.	Oliver Boberg	1965
date of birth	Pashukeni Shoombe (born 12 December 1936 in Ohangwena Region) is a Namibian politician and educator.	Pashukeni Shoombe	12 December 1936
date of birth	Brad Stine (born 1960) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and author.	Brad Stine	1960
date of birth	Julian Wastall (18 September 1958 -- 11 January 1994) was a composer working in film and TV including the successful Granada TV series Cracker (1993) and The Lost Language of Cranes (1991).	Julian Wastall	18 September 1958
date of birth	Dražen Mužinić (born 25 January 1953) is a former Croatian professional footballer Mužinić spent most of his career in his native Yugoslavia.	Dražen Mužinić	25 January 1953
date of birth	Libby Houston (born 9 December 1941) is an English poet, botanist, and rock climber.	Libby Houston	9 December 1941
date of birth	Richard Ames Hart (October 17, 1946-- ) is an American Web writer.	Richard Ames Hart	1946
date of birth	Sandra Ann Rivera Talag, popularly known as Sandy Talag (born 1998) is a Filipina child actress.	Sandy Talag	1998
date of birth	Zhong Mian (Chinese: 钟勉; pinyin: Zhōng Miǎn; born May 1963) is a Chinese politician from Sichuan province who served as the executive vice governor of the province between 2013 and 2015; since May 2015, he has served as the Deputy Party Secretary of Yunnan province.	Zhong Mian	1963
date of birth	Anton Mordasov is a Russian pianist, born in Novosibirsk in 1972.	Anton Mordasov	1972
date of birth	Edward Salwey (born 1603) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659.	Edward Salwey	1603
date of birth	Leon Balogun (born 28 June 1988) is a German-born Nigerian professional football defender who plays for 1.	Leon Balogun	28 June 1988
date of birth	June Stephenson née Moorhouse (born 30 January 1943, Bradford, Yorkshire) played 12 test matches for the England women's cricket team between 1966 and 1976.	June Stephenson	30 January 1943
date of birth	Marc Twagirumukiza (born 1973, in Rwanda) is a Belgian physician and a senior clinical researcher in the field of Clinical Pharmacology, Cardiovascular, Bioinformatics and Semantic Web in Health Sciences.	Marc Twagirumukiza	1973
date of birth	Tom Weston-Jones (born 29 June 1987) is an English actor, known for his starring role as Irish immigrant Detective Kevin Corcoran in the BBC America television series Copper (2012).	Tom Weston-Jones	29 June 1987
date of birth	Go Nagaoka (born 23 May 1984) is a Japanese professional footballer who last played as a striker for Latvian club SK Blāzma.	Go Nagaoka	23 May 1984
date of birth	Rodrigo Riera (19 September 1923 -- 19 August 1999), was a Venezuelan guitarist and composer.	Rodrigo Riera	19 September 1923
date of birth	Fernand Daoust (born 26 October 1926) is a trade unionist in Quebec.	Fernand Daoust	26 October 1926
date of birth	Marika Savšek (born c. 1986) is a Slovenian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Slovenije and represented her country in Miss Universe 2010.	Marika Savšek	1986
date of birth	Maurizio Perissinot (1 February 1951 -- 12 December 2004) was an Italian rally co-driver, mainly for Attilio Bettega.	Maurizio Perissinot	1 February 1951
date of birth	Christine Wallace (born 1960) is an Australian political journalist and biographer.	Christine Wallace	1960
date of birth	John Nicolas Coldstream, FBA, FSA (30 March 1927 -- 21 March 2008) was an archaeologist and academic specialising in the Ancient Greek pottery of the Geometric Period.	Nicolas Coldstream	30 March 1927
date of birth	Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Leycester Haymes DSO (31 December 1870 -- 16 May 1942) was a Lieutenant-Colonel in the British Army, Commander of the 6th Siege Battery during World War I and one of the first officers to establish an O.P. at the Battle of Neuve Chapelle.	Robert Leycester Haymes	31 December 1870
date of birth	Fernando Bermudez (born February 13, 1969) is a New York City resident who was convicted, and later acquitted, in 1992 of murdering a teenage boy in New York City's Greenwich Village neighborhood.	Fernando Bermudez	1969
date of birth	George Konheim (1917--2001) was an American real estate developer and philanthropist.	George Konheim	1917
date of birth	Khan Chittenden (born in 1983 in New Zealand) is a New Zealand-born Australian actor.	Khan Chittenden	1983
date of birth	Gabriel Jackson (born. 1963), better known by his stage name Spoonie Gee is one of the earliest rap artists, and one of the few rap artists to release records in the 1970s.	Spoonie Gee	1963
date of birth	Dawn Okoro (b. 1980, in Houston), is an artist who paints figurative art works inspired by fashion and popular culture.	Dawn Okoro	1980
date of birth	Bernie Massey (born 12 August 1939) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1960s.	Bernie Massey	12 August 1939
date of birth	Max Josef Metzger (3 February 1887 -- 17 April 1944) was a Catholic priest and leading German pacifist who was executed by the Nazis during World War II.	Max Josef Metzger	3 February 1887
date of birth	Moussa Sow (born 19 January 1986) is a professional footballer who plays for Al-Ahli, as a striker.	Moussa Sow	19 January 1986
date of birth	Ivo de Figueiredo (born 30 April 1966) is a Norwegian historian, biographer and literary critic.	Ivo de Figueiredo	30 April 1966
date of birth	Sébastien Pocognoli (born 1 August 1987) is a Belgian international footballer who plays professionally for English club West Bromwich Albion, as a left back.	Sébastien Pocognoli	1 August 1987
date of birth	Ibrahim Haddad (Arabic: ابراهيم حداد‎) (born 1938) is a Syrian politician who served as minister of oil and mineral reserves from December 2001 to February 2006.	Ibrahim Haddad	1938
date of birth	Geoff Whitton (born 1 February 1942) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Geoff Whitton	1 February 1942
date of birth	Sadun Boro (1928 -- June 5, 2015) was the first Turkish amateur sailor to circumnavigate the globe by sailing.	Sadun Boro	1928
date of birth	Richard Price (23 February 1723 -- 19 April 1791) was a Welsh moral philosopher, nonconformist preacher and mathematician.	Richard Price	23 February 1723
date of birth	Norman Gordon (6 August 1911 -- 2 September 2014) was a South African cricketer who played in five Tests in the 1938--39 South African cricket season.	Norman Gordon	6 August 1911
date of birth	Gervase of Melkley or Gervase of Melkeley (born c. 1185, fl. 1200--1219) was a French scholar and poet.	Gervase of Melkley	1185
date of birth	Ian Marber, born 1963, is a nutrition therapist, well-known author and one of the founders of The Food Doctor, developing the brand from its inception in 1999 until his departure in December 2011.	Ian Marber	1963
date of birth	Lincoln Withers (born 7 May 1981 in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Hull Kingston Rovers of Europe's Super League.	Lincoln Withers	7 May 1981
date of birth	Charles Robert Wolle (born 16 October 1935) is a former justice of the Iowa Supreme Court who currently serves as a senior federal judge on the United States District Court for the Southern District of Iowa.	Charles Robert Wolle	1935
date of birth	Jim Robison (born 1942) is a professional American bridge and poker player from Los Angeles, California.	Jim Robison	1942
date of birth	Chen Sing-an (Chinese: 陳信安, born in 1962) is a Taiwanese football manager.	Chen Sing-an	1962
date of birth	Henry Bosch AO (born 20 January 1931) is an Australian businessman, CEO, Chairman and Governance advocate.	Henry Bosch	20 January 1931
date of birth	Ted Saskin (born c. 1959) is the former NHL Players Association executive director.	Ted Saskin	1959
date of birth	Lucimar Teodoro (born 1 May 1981) is a Brazilian track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres sprint and the 400 metres hurdles.	Lucimar Teodoro	1 May 1981
date of birth	Meng Qianqian (Chinese: 孟倩倩 ; born 6 January 1991) is a Chinese track and field athlete who competes in the women's shot put.	Meng Qianqian	6 January 1991
date of birth	Crawfurd Adamson (b.Edinburgh 1953) is a noted figurative artist from Scotland, although he has spent much of his career in the South of England.	Crawfurd Adamson	1953
date of birth	Tereza Budková (born 24 September 1990 in Sezimovo Ústí, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech model and beauty queen who the 1st runner-up of Czech Miss 2009, the Czech national beauty pageant which selects candidates for the international beauty competitions Miss Universe, Miss Earth, and Miss Intercontinental.	Tereza Budková	24 September 1990
date of birth	Malcolm Martineau, OBE (born 3 February 1960) is a Scottish pianist who is particularly noted as an accompanist.	Malcolm Martineau	3 February 1960
date of birth	Ellis Hooks (born 1974) is an American soul blues and electric blues singer and songwriter, who has released six albums to date.	Ellis Hooks	1974
date of birth	Leon Jooste (born 18 February 1969 in Grootfontein, Otjozondjupa Region) is a Namibian politician and businessperson.	Leon Jooste	18 February 1969
date of birth	Marc D. Angel (born July 1945) is rabbi emeritus of Congregation Shearith Israel, the historic Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue in New York City.	Marc D. Angel	1945
date of birth	Moira Buffini (born 1965) is an English dramatist, director, and actor.	Moira Buffini	1965
date of birth	Shih Wing-ching (Chinese: 施永青; pinyin: Shī Yǒngqīng; Cantonese Yale: Shih1 Wing5 Ching1; born 17 March 1949 in Shanghai) is a Hong Kong businessman.	Shih Wing-ching	17 March 1949
date of birth	Charles Tersolo (born 1974 in Rochester, New Hampshire) is a Boston artist and member of the Copley Society of Art. He paints much of his works outdoors, or en plein air in the tradition of Corot, Monet, and American Impressionists such as Childe Hassam.	Charles Tersolo	1974
date of birth	Frank Almaguer (born 1945) is a United States diplomat and career Foreign Service Officer.	Frank Almaguer	1945
date of birth	Dipya Mongkollugsana (Thai: ทิพย์ มงคลลักษณ์, born 12 October 1918) is a Thai oral surgeon, naval commander (as of 1969) and former sports shooter.	Dipya Mongkollugsana	12 October 1918
date of birth	Alan Clay (born 1954, Whanganui, New Zealand) is a film director, writer and clown teacher.	Alan Clay	1954
date of birth	Katerina Cizek (born 1969) is a Canadian documentary filmmaker and web creator.	Katerina Cizek	1969
date of birth	Xander Houtkoop (born 26 March 1989) is a Dutch professional footballer of half Indonesian descent, who currently plays as a winger for SC Cambuur in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Xander Houtkoop	26 March 1989
date of birth	Myron Thompson (born 23 April 1936) is a former Conservative Member of Parliament in the Canadian House of Commons.	Myron Thompson	23 April 1936
date of birth	Eric Ashton MBE (24 January 1935 -- 20 March 2008) was an English professional Rugby League World Cup-winning footballer of the 1950s and '60s and later a coach.	Eric Ashton	24 January 1935
date of birth	Julien Ranouil (born 26 January 1981), known by his stage name Pakito, is a French electronic dance music artist.	Pakito	26 January 1981
date of birth	Kinji Akagawa (born 1940, Tokyo, Japan) is an American sculptor and arts educator best known for sculptural constructions that also serve a practical function.	Kinji Akagawa	1940
date of birth	Kenji Urai (浦井健治 Urai Kenji born 6 August 1981) is a Japanese TV, stage and voice actor.	Kenji Urai	6 August 1981
date of birth	Lisa Hopkins Seegmiller (born 1978), credited as Lisa Hopkins until 2008, is an American classical singer and actress from Simi Valley, California.	Lisa Hopkins Seegmiller	1978
date of birth	Mohd Fadzli Saari (born on 1 January 1983) is a Malaysian footballer who is a striker for Felcra F.C..	Mohd Fadzli Saari	1 January 1983
date of birth	Mamadou Diawara (born 26 July 1989) is a French footballer playing for Primeira Liga team Belenenses.	Mamadou Diawara	26 July 1989
date of birth	Nicole Zahnd (born 22 September 1980) is a retired Swiss swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Nicole Zahnd	22 September 1980
date of birth	Kate Lamont (born 1962) is an Australian cook, political aspirant and author.	Kate Lamont	1962
date of birth	Allan Graf (born c. 1949), also known as Allan L. Graf, is an American athlete, film actor, stuntman and director with more than 35 years' experience in the film making industry.	Allan Graf	1949
date of birth	Davis Chirchir (born c. 1960) is a Kenyan politician who was nominated by President Uhuru Kenyatta as Cabinet Secretary for Energy and Petroleum on 25 April 2013.	Davis Chirchir	1960
date of birth	Emily Coleman (1899-1974) was an American born writer, and a lifelong compulsive diary keeper.	Emily Coleman	1899
date of birth	Freddie Scappaticci (born c. 1946) is a purported former high-level double agent in the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA), known by the codename Stakeknife.	Freddie Scappaticci	1946
date of birth	Liu Jingmin (Chinese: 刘敬民; b. January 1952) is the Vice Mayor of Beijing, and Executive Vice President of the Beijing Organizing Committee for the Games of the XXIX Olympiad.	Liu Jingmin	1952
date of birth	Karen Wilkin (born 1940) is a New York-based independent curator and art critic specializing in 20th-century modernism.	Karen Wilkin	1940
date of birth	Marion Verbruggen (born 1950) is a Dutch recorder player and teacher.	Marion Verbruggen	1950
date of birth	Peter Tippett (born 1953 in Dearborn, Michigan) is an American physician, researcher, and inventor known for contributions to information security, clinical medicine, and technology.	Peter Tippett	1953
date of birth	Csaba Vastag (born in Budapest on 11 February 1982) is a Hungarian musician, who won the first ever series of the Hungarian X-Faktor in 2010.	Csaba Vastag	11 February 1982
date of birth	Wagner Marseille (born 13 September 1970) is a retired Haiti athlete who specialised in the 110 metres hurdles.	Wagner Marseille	13 September 1970
date of birth	Lucy Evans (born 26 May 1985) is an actress best known for playing the role of Lauren Wilson in Coronation Street in 2007--2008.	Lucy Evans	26 May 1985
date of birth	Urbain Audibert (27 February 1789 -- 22 July 1846) was a French nurseryman.	Urbain Audibert	1789
date of birth	Demétrius Montanini (born 18 March 1971), simply known as Demétrius, is a retired Brazilian professional footballer who played as a striker.	Demétrius Montanini	18 March 1971
date of birth	Jarmo Matikainen (born 21 February 1960) is a Finnish football player and coach, who formerly managed the Wales women's national football team.	Jarmo Matikainen	21 February 1960
date of birth	Jason Farnham (born 1975) is an American composer, performer, and record producer.	Jason Farnham	1975
date of birth	Kabelo Mabalane (born 15 December 1976) known by his stage name as Kabelo or Bouga Luv is a South African kwaito musician, songwriter and actor.	Kabelo Mabalane	15 December 1976
date of birth	Zid Abou Hamed (Arabic: زيد أبو حامد; born 22 April 1970) is an Australian-Syrian former track and field athlete who specialized in the 400 metres hurdles.	Zid Abou Hamed	22 April 1970
date of birth	Edward Sexton (born 9 November 1942 in Dagenham, Essex) is a British Savile Row tailor, fashion designer and manufacturing consultant.	Edward Sexton	9 November 1942
date of birth	Erwin Neher (born 20 March 1944) is a German biophysicist, specializing in the field of cell physiology.	Erwin Neher	20 March 1944
date of birth	Lin Qingfeng (Chinese: 林清峰; pinyin: Lín Qīngfēng; born 26 January 1989) is a Chinese weightlifter.	Lin Qingfeng	26 January 1989
date of birth	Kati Kovács (born 25 October 1944), is a Ferenc Liszt and Kossuth Award-winning Hungarian pop-rock singer, performer, lyricist and actress.	Kati Kovács	25 October 1944
date of birth	Jean-Marie Balestre (9 April 1921 -- 27 March 2008) was a French auto racing executive administrator, who became President of the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile (FISA) from 1978 to 1991 and President of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) from 1985 to 1993.	Jean-Marie Balestre	9 April 1921
date of birth	Kenny Kosek, born in 1949 in The Bronx, New York, is an American fiddler who plays bluegrass, country, klezmer, folk music and roots music.	Kenny Kosek	1949
date of birth	Rev. Jerome Dhas Varuvel, SDB, was born 21 October 1951 in Paduvoor in the diocese of Kottar.	Jerome Dhas Varuvel	21 October 1951
date of birth	Charles Léa Eyoum (born 16 January 1951) is a Cameroonian retired professional football player and manager.	Charles Léa	16 January 1951
date of birth	Rieneke Terink (born 13 March 1984, Hengelo, Gelderland) is a Dutch swimmer who mainly specializes in freestyle and medley.	Rieneke Terink	13 March 1984
date of birth	Lucas Finazzi (born 18 August 1990) is an Italian Brazilian footballer who plays for Italian Serie C club Cremonese, on loan from Grosseto.	Lucas Finazzi	18 August 1990
date of birth	Vjekoslav Perica (born 11 July 1955) is a Croatian historian, journalist and writer who specializes in the modern history of religions in the former Yugoslavia.	Vjekoslav Perica	11 July 1955
date of birth	Lionel Eguienta (1959--2010), known by the stage name Lionel D, was a French radio host and rapper.	Lionel D	1959
date of birth	Yang Jiawei (Chinese: 杨家威; Pinyin: Yáng Jiāwēi; born 4 January 1992) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenxin.	Yang Jiawei	4 January 1992
date of birth	Ayesha Quraishi, also known as just Ayesha, born 8 July 1981 in Botswana, is a Swedish performance artist.	Ayesha Quraishi	8 July 1981
date of birth	Nicklas Söderblom (born 1968 in Sweden) is a personal trainer, actor, and author currently residing in Los Angeles, USA.	Nicklas Söderblom	1968
date of birth	Deborah Stedman-Scott, Baroness Stedman-Scott, OBE, DL, FRSA (born 23 November 1955) is a Conservative member of the House of Lords and the former Chief Executive Officer of Tomorrow's People Trust.	Deborah Stedman-Scott, Baroness Stedman-Scott	23 November 1955
date of birth	Alex Lester (born Alexander Norman Charles Lester, 11 May 1956, Walsall, England) is a British broadcaster.	Alex Lester	11 May 1956
date of birth	Louis Briffa (born in Attard 1971) is a Maltese poet.	Louis Briffa	1971
date of birth	Rhyll McMaster (born 1947 in Brisbane) is a contemporary Australian poet and novelist.	Rhyll McMaster	1947
date of birth	Dr Gordon Briscoe AO (born in 1938) is an Indigenous Australian academic and activist.	Gordon Briscoe	1938
date of birth	General Gheorghe Catrina (born 30 October 1953, in Bălceşti, Vâlcea County) was the chief of the Romanian Air Force Staff until 12 March 2007.	Gheorghe Catrina	30 October 1953
date of birth	Ann Powers (born 4 February 1964) is an American writer and pop music critic.	Ann Powers	4 February 1964
date of birth	Roberto Eduardo Carboni (born 8 April 1985 in Bernal) is an Argentine football player, who currently playing for FBC Melgar in Peru.	Roberto Eduardo Carboni	8 April 1985
date of birth	Maxime Brunerie (born 21 May 1977) is a man who attempted to assassinate French President Jacques Chirac on July 14, 2002 in Paris, during the Bastille Day parade on the Champs-Élysées.	Maxime Brunerie	21 May 1977
date of birth	Richard Imison (born 31 October 1936 -- 9 February 1993) was Script Editor for BBC Radio Drama from 1963 to 1991.	Richard Imison	31 October 1936
date of birth	Cameron Davidson (born 1955) is an American photographer from Washington D.C. who have published his work in such magazines as Vanity Fair, National Geographic, Smithsonian, WIRED, Preservation, Departures, Smithsonian Air & Space and Outside.	Cameron Davidson	1955
date of birth	Sonia Mkoloma (born 17 January 1979 in London) is an English international netball player.	Sonia Mkoloma	17 January 1979
date of birth	Nikos Pantelis (Greek: Νίκος Παντέλης; born 6 October 1959) is a retired football player who manages Paniliakos in the Football League.	Nikos Pantelis	6 October 1959
date of birth	Zulkifli Abdhir (1966 -- 25 January 2015) was a Malaysian who was one of the FBI Most Wanted Terrorists.	Zulkifli Abdhir	1966
date of birth	Walter Atkinson (31 August 1920 - June 2009) was a former professional footballer who made a single appearance for Norwich City on 2 April 1952 against Southend United at Carrow Road, playing at right half.	Walter Atkinson	31 August 1920
date of birth	Mona Siddiqui, OBE, FRSE, FRSA (born 3 May 1963) is a British Muslim academic.	Mona Siddiqui	1963
date of birth	Charmian Hussey (born 1939) is an author of children's literature.	Charmian Hussey	1939
date of birth	Nimrod Bichler (born 6 October 1974) is an Israeli wheelchair tennis coach.	Nimrod Bichler	6 October 1974
date of birth	Henry Furneaux (26 June 1829 -- 7 January 1900) was a British classical scholar at the University of Oxford, specialising in the writings of the Roman historian Tacitus.	Henry Furneaux	1829
date of birth	Driton Latifi (born 29 January 1978 in Pristina, Yugoslavia, now Kosovo) is a Kosovar and Albanian sports journalist.	Driton Latifi	29 January 1978
date of birth	Charles Kernaghan (born c. 1948) is the executive director of the Institute for Global Labour and Human Rights, formerly known as the National Labor Committee in Support of Human and Worker Rights (), currently headquartered in Pittsburgh.	Charles Kernaghan	1948
date of birth	Nanda Thein Zan (Burmese: နန္ဒာသိန်းစံ; 21 February 1947 -- 14 August 2011) was a well-known author from Burma who wrote on philosophy and Buddhism.	Nanda Thein Zan	21 February 1947
date of birth	Luca Puccinelli (born on 11 July 1973 in Viareggio, Province of Lucca) is an Italian retired footballer and agent.	Luca Puccinelli	11 July 1973
date of birth	Paul Lewthwaite (born 1969, Douglas, Isle of Man) is a sculptor working internationally, based in the UK.	Paul Lewthwaite	1969
date of birth	Gino Fano (5 January 1871 -- 8 November 1952) was an Italian mathematician, best known as the founder of the finite geometry.	Gino Fano	5 January 1871
date of birth	Wilfried Böse (1949 -- July 4, 1976) was a founding member of the German far-left organization Revolutionary Cells.	Wilfried Böse	1949
date of birth	Biff Mitchell (born 1947) is a novelist, satirist, and humorist.	Biff Mitchell	1947
date of birth	Mariya Ryemyen (Ukrainian: Марія Рємєнь; born 2 August 1987) is a Ukrainian sprint athlete who specializes in the 100 metres.	Mariya Ryemyen	2 August 1987
date of birth	Richard Gendall is a British expert on the Cornish language, born in 1924.	Richard Gendall	1924
date of birth	Peter Kupferschmidt (born 2 March 1942) is a German footballer who played for Bayern Munich during the 1960s.	Peter Kupferschmidt	2 March 1942
date of birth	Peter Manson (born 1969) is a contemporary Scottish poet.	Peter Manson	1969
date of birth	Carl Thackery (born 14 October 1962 in Sheffield/UK) is a retired British long-distance runner in the 1980s and 1990s.	Carl Thackery	14 October 1962
date of birth	Alexander Gehbauer (born 24 April 1990) is an Austrian cross-country mountain biker.	Alexander Gehbauer	24 April 1990
date of birth	Aniela Miączyńska (1731-?) was a Polish noble lady.	Aniela Miączyńska	1731
date of birth	Jakey Kovac (1896--1937) was the oldest of four siblings.	Jakey Kovac	1896
date of birth	Adjoa Andoh (born 14 January 1963) is a British film, television, stage and radio actress.	Adjoa Andoh	14 January 1963
date of birth	Marina Tsintikidou (Greek: Μαρίνα Τσιντικίδου, born 1971) is a Greek fashion model and presenter who has appeared on the covers of numerous Greek fashion magazines such as MAX. She won the title of ``Star Hellas'' (Σταρ Ελλάς) in the Miss Star Hellas pageant in 1992.	Marina Tsintikidou	1971
date of birth	Eva Stotz (born 5 June 1979 in Isny im Allgäu) is a German documentary film maker and director.	Eva Stotz	5 June 1979
date of birth	Sara Topelson de Grinberg (assumedly born in the beginning of 1945) is a Polish-born Mexican architect.	Sara Topelson de Grinberg	1945
date of birth	Nell Freudenberger (born 1975 New York) is an American novelist.	Nell Freudenberger	1975
date of birth	Luciano Silva da Silva (born 13 June 1987), simply known as Luciano Silva is a Brazilian professional footballer playing for Yuen Long in the Hong Kong First Division as a center back.	Luciano Silva da Silva	13 June 1987
date of birth	Simon Hullihen MD, DDS (1810-1857) was a dental surgeon born in western Pennsylvania.	Simon Hullihen	1810
date of birth	Haydn Sully, born at Sampford Brett, Williton, Somerset on 1 November 1939 and died at Exeter, Devon on 14 December 2006, was a first-class cricketer who played for Somerset and Northamptonshire.	Haydn Sully	1939
date of birth	Godwin Mawuru (15 July 1961 -- 24 May 2013) was a Zimbabwean director and producer.	Godwin Mawuru	15 July 1961
date of birth	Des Hasler (German: Des Häßler; born 16 February 1961 in Gosford, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league player and current head coach of the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs.	Des Hasler	16 February 1961
date of birth	Patricia Conolly (born 29 August 1933) is an Australian stage actress.	Patricia Conolly	29 August 1933
date of birth	Fikrat Goja (Azerbaijani: Fikrət Qoca, born 1935 in Agdash), is an Azerbaijani poet.	Fikrat Goja	1935
date of birth	Morten Nordstrand Nielsen (born 8 June 1983) is a Danish professional football player, who plays as a striker for the A-League side Newcastle Jets.	Morten Nordstrand	8 June 1983
date of birth	William D. Howell (1797--1836) was an American surgeon who died as a defender of the Alamo in 1836.	William D. Howell	1797
date of birth	Scarlotte Deupree Kilgore (born 1980) held the title of Miss Alabama 2002 and was 1st runner-up to Miss America 2003.	Scarlotte Deupree	1980
date of birth	Ludo Graham (born 26 May 1961) is a British television producer and director.	Ludo Graham	26 May 1961
date of birth	Henry Gowa (25 May 1902 -- 23 May 1990) was a German painter and stage designer.	Henry Gowa	25 May 1902
date of birth	Blue Curry (b. Nassau, Bahamas, 1974) is an artist living and working in London, UK who works primarily in sculptural assemblage and installation art.	Blue Curry	1974
date of birth	Alan Ramsbottom (born 30 April 1936) was a professional racing cyclist from Clayton-le-Moors, England, who twice rode the Tour de France.	Alan Ramsbottom	30 April 1936
date of birth	Alen Bokšić (pronounced (alen bokʃitɕ); born 21 January 1970) is a former Croatian football player.	Alen Bokšić	21 January 1970
date of birth	Jiří Lipták (born 30 March 1982 in Brno) is a Czech trap shooter.	Jiří Lipták	30 March 1982
date of birth	Friedrich Anton Ulrich, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont (German: Friedrich Anton Ulrich Fürst zu Waldeck und Pyrmont; 27 November 1676 -- 1 January 1728) was the first reigning Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1712 to 1728.	Friedrich Anton Ulrich, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont	1676
date of birth	Alok Shrivastava born on 5 March 1964 in Gwalior (MP).	Alok Shrivastava	5 March 1964
date of birth	Daniel P. Meyer (born 1965) is the former director for whistleblowing and transparency (DW&T) to the Inspector General of the Defense Department.	Daniel P. Meyer	1965
date of birth	Xiao Tao Sheng (萧涛生) (born 1946) is a Chinese painter who specializes in portraying Chinese culture through his Western-style oil paintings, called East in West paintings.	Xiao Tao Sheng	1946
date of birth	John Sankey, 1st Viscount Sankey GBE KStJ PC KC (26 October 1866 -- 6 February 1948) was a British lawyer, judge, Labour politician and Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, famous for many of his judgments in the House of Lords.	John Sankey, 1st Viscount Sankey	26 October 1866
date of birth	Steen Raskopoulos (born 3 July 1987) is an Australian comedian, actor and improviser.	Steen Raskopoulos	3 July 1987
date of birth	Colonel Necabettin Ergenekon (born 1926, in Erzurum) is a Turkish Army officer who retired in 1982, having been commander of the Turkish Gendarmerie in Adıyaman Province after the 1980 Turkish coup d'état.	Necabettin Ergenekon	1926
date of birth	Celia Graham (born in 1976) is a musical theatre actor.	Celia Graham	1976
date of birth	Hieronymus Medices (or De Medicis), was a Roman Catholic philosopher and interpreter of the works of Thomas Aquinas; b. 1569 in Camerino, Umbria, the origin of his surname de Medicis a Camerino.	Hieronymus Medices	1569
date of birth	Mo Furu (Chinese: 莫福如) (1906--1969) was a Kuomintang major-general from Guangdong and a subordinate of Chen Jitang.	Mo Furu	1906
date of birth	Nicos Katsourides (Greek: Νίκος Κατσουρίδης; born 14 December 1951) is a Cypriot politician.	Nicos Katsourides	14 December 1951
date of birth	Matteo Bono (born 11 November 1983 in Ome) is an Italian road bicycle racer who rides for Lampre-Merida in the UCI World Tour.	Matteo Bono	11 November 1983
date of birth	Peter Lenderink (born 11 February 1996) is a Dutch road cyclist riding for the Rabobank Development Team.	Peter Lenderink	11 February 1996
date of birth	Bernadette Bascom (born 1962), Baltimore) is an American R&B singer.	Bernadette Bascom	1962
date of birth	Moussa Nébié (born 8 September 1959) is a Burkinabé diplomat who was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Burkina Faso from July 2015 to January 2016.	Moussa Nébié	8 September 1959
date of birth	Andreas Boltz (born 13 July 1964) is a German church musician and composer.	Andreas Boltz	13 July 1964
date of birth	Miroslav Grebeníček (born 21 March 1947 in Staré Město) is a Czech politician and former leader of the Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia (KSČM).	Miroslav Grebeníček	21 March 1947
date of birth	Wei Zongwan (simplified Chinese: 魏宗万; traditional Chinese: 魏宗萬; pinyin: Weì Zōngwàn; born 24 November 1938) is a Chinese actor.	Wei Zongwan	24 November 1938
date of birth	Susno Duadji (born 1 July 1954 in Pagar Alam, South Sumatra) was the head of Indonesian National Police's Crime Investigation Agency (Bareskrim) until his resignation on 5 November 2009.	Susno Duadji	1 July 1954
date of birth	Tomáš Rezek (born 9 May 1984) is a professional Czech football player who currently plays for SK Převýšov.	Tomáš Rezek	9 May 1984
date of birth	JJ Breet (born 14 June 1991) is a South African rugby union player, who was most recently contracted to the Pumas.	JJ Breet	14 June 1991
date of birth	Edward Walter Clark III (1885 -- November 16, 1939), was an investment banker with E. W. Clark & Co.	Edward Walter Clark III	1885
date of birth	Leiv Heggstad (24 March 1879 -- 8 March 1954) was a Norwegian educator, linguist and translator.	Leiv Heggstad	1879
date of birth	Antonin Nantel (17 September 1839 -- 30 July 1929) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest, teacher, school administrator, and author.	Antonin Nantel	17 September 1839
date of birth	Frederic Anderton (born 8 December 1931) is an English first class cricketer who played his games for Cambridge University Cricket Club.	Frederic Anderton	8 December 1931
date of birth	Gaspar de Bono i Manzón, O.M., (5 January 1530 -- 14 July 1604) was a Spanish friar of the Order of Minims and Catholic priest.	Gaspar de Bono	1530
date of birth	Pomponia Ummidia (219-after 275) was an Anatolian Roman noblewoman and was a prominent figure in Rome during the reigns of the Roman Emperors Gallienus, Claudius Gothicus, Quintillus and Aurelian.	Pomponia Ummidia	219
date of birth	Jaroslav Erik Frič (August 14, 1949, Horní Libina by Šumperk) is a Moravian poet, musician, publisher and organizer of underground culture festivals.	Jaroslav Erik Frič	1949
date of birth	Will Birch (born 12 September 1948) is an English music journalist, songwriter, record producer and drummer.	Will Birch	12 September 1948
date of birth	Benjamin Scott (1814--1892) served as Chamberlain of the City of London from 1858 until his death, as well as being a committed social activist.	Benjamin Scott	1814
date of birth	Mookie Tenembaum (born 1955) is an Argentine born polymath; philosopher, lawyer, inventor, conceptual multidiciplinary artist and a radio host.	Mookie Tenembaum	1955
date of birth	Karni Singh Rathore (1953--2005) was a member of the Indian Army and recipient of the Kirti Chakra award.	Karni Singh Rathore	1953
date of birth	Vedran Mimica (Zagreb, 1954) is a Croatian architect and educator who is perhaps best known for being the last director of the Berlage Institute in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, from 2002-2012.	Vedran Mimica	1954
date of birth	George M. Williamson (born May 9, 1892 in Port Jefferson, New York) was an American architect.	George M. Williamson	1892
date of birth	Nyam-Osoryn Tuyaa (Mongolian: Mongolian: Ням-Осорын Туяa; born 1958) is a former Mongolian politician, and the acting Prime Minister from 22 to 30 July 1999.	Nyam-Osoryn Tuyaa	1958
date of birth	Joyce Young (born c. 1925) is a Canadian woman famous for a single act of philanthropy.	Joyce Young	1925
date of birth	Werner Burger (born 1958) is a German football coach, formerly the assistant manager at SPL side Heart of Midlothian F.C. He joined up with former Hearts manager Csaba Laszlo, at Tynecastle on 5 August 2008.	Werner Burger	1958
date of birth	Philip Wilder (born 1968) is an American counter-tenor and business manager best known for his recording and concert career with the a cappella ensemble Chanticleer.	Philip Wilder	1968
date of birth	Harold Ernest Forster (1869 -- September 26, 1940) was a rancher, miner and political figure in British Columbia.	Harold Ernest Forster	1869
date of birth	Christopher Janney (born 1950) is an American composer/artist/architect known for his work on the interrelation of architecture and music.	Christopher Janney	1950
date of birth	Dušan Kerkez (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Керекез, born 1 May 1976) is a Bosnian international footballer.	Dušan Kerkez	1 May 1976
date of birth	Jatindra Mohan Sengupta was born on 22 February 1885 to a prominent, land-owner (Zamindar) family of Barama, in Chittagong district of British India (now in Chittagong in Bangladesh).	Jatindra Mohan Sengupta	22 February 1885
date of birth	Mario di Calasio (1550 in Calasion, Abruzzi, Italy -- February 1, 1620 in Ara Coeli) was an Italian Minorite friar.	Mario di Calasio	1550
date of birth	Matt Salter (born 2 December 1976 in Greenwich, London) is an English retired rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Matt Salter	2 December 1976
date of birth	Kathryn Beck (born 1 March 1986) is an Australian television and theatre actress.	Kathryn Beck	1 March 1986
date of birth	Dr. Gergely Bárándy (born 28 November 1976) is a Hungarian lawyer and politician, member of the National Assembly since 2006.	Gergely Bárándy	28 November 1976
date of birth	Wanjiru Kihoro (1953 -- 12 October 2006) was an economist, writer and feminist activist from Kenya.	Wanjiru Kihoro	1953
date of birth	James Peter Allen (born 1945) is an American Egyptologist, specializing in language and religion.	James Peter Allen	1945
date of birth	Frederick II, Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, called the Pious (German: Friedrich II Herzog von Mecklenburg-Schwerin; 9 November 1717 -- 21 April 1785) was Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin from 1756 until his death.	Frederick II, Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin	9 November 1717
date of birth	Alex Benno (2 November 1873 -- 2 April 1952) was a Dutch film actor, screenwriter and director of the silent era.	Alex Benno	2 November 1873
date of birth	Sir Richard Heron, 1st Baronet (1726 -- 18 January 1805) was a politician in the Kingdom of Ireland.	Richard Heron	1726
date of birth	Darius Kaiser (born 15 October 1961) is a Polish-born German racing cyclist.	Darius Kaiser	15 October 1961
date of birth	Sir Patience Ward (1629--1696) was an English merchant and early Whig politician.	Patience Ward	1629
date of birth	Louis Willems (25 April 1822, Hasselt - 21 January 1907, Hasselt) was a Belgian doctor, and one of the pioneers of bacteriology and immunology .	Louis Willems	25 April 1822
date of birth	Diego López II de Haro called the Good or the Bad (b. 1162 -- 16 October 1214).	Diego López II de Haro	1162
date of birth	John McCormack (born 11 December 1944), better known as Young McCormack, is an Irish former boxer who was Irish and British light heavyweight champion in the 1960s.	Young McCormack	11 December 1944
date of birth	Ildebrando Zacchini (1868 - July 17, 1948, Tampa, Florida) was a Maltese-born painter, inventor, and travelling circus owner.	Ildebrando Zacchini	1868
date of birth	Richard Restak (born 1942) is an American neurologist, neuropsychiatrist, author and professor.	Richard Restak	1942
date of birth	Bjørn Tveter (born 13 June 1944) is a former Norwegian speed skater who competed internationally in the 1960s and 1970s.	Bjørn Tveter	13 June 1944
date of birth	Nicklas Barker formerly Berg (born 9 July 1969) is a Swedish musician best known as the founder, guitarist, vocalist and keyboardist of the progressive rock band Anekdoten.	Nicklas Barker	9 July 1969
date of birth	Sophia Flörsch (sometimes spelt Floersch, born 1 December 2000) is a racing driver from Germany.	Sophia Flörsch	1 December 2000
date of birth	Edgard Monge (born 1965) is a native of Nicaragua who is serving a ten-year sentence in Kingston Penitentiary, Ontario, Canada, for four counts of aggravated assault after he knowingly had unprotected sex while HIV infected and failed to inform his four sexual partners.	Edgard Monge	1965
date of birth	Hank Cramer (born 1953) is an American folk singer.	Hank Cramer	1953
date of birth	Tom Mullens (13 April 1900 -- 9 August 1961) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Tom Mullens	13 April 1900
date of birth	Jon Amiel (born 20 May 1948) is an English film director who has since the early 1980s worked in film and television in both the UK and the US.	Jon Amiel	20 May 1948
date of birth	Hans Popper (24 November 1903 - 6 May 1988) was a pathologist, hepatologist and teacher.	Hans Popper	24 November 1903
date of birth	Richard Colvin Cox (25 July 1928 -- last seen 14 January 1950) was a second-year military cadet whose disappearance from the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, in 1950 is still unsolved.	Richard Colvin Cox	25 July 1928
date of birth	Herman de Neyt (Antwerp, 12 March 1588--Delft, 8 September 1642) was a painter and art dealer active in Antwerp.	Herman de Neyt	12 March 1588
date of birth	Teyba Erkesso Wako (born 30 October 1982 in Arsi) is an Ethiopian runner who specializes in road running (including the half marathon and marathon) as well as cross-country running.	Teyba Erkesso	30 October 1982
date of birth	Hay Petrie (16 July 1895 - 30 July 1948), born David Hay Petrie, was a Scottish actor noted for playing eccentric characters, among them Quilp in The Old Curiosity Shop (1935), the McLaggen in The Ghost Goes West (1935) and Uncle Pumblechook in Great Expectations (1946).	Hay Petrie	16 July 1895
date of birth	Charles George James Burge, Q.C. (8 October 1906 -- 6 September 1990 in London, England) was an English criminal law barrister, most noted for his defence of Stephen Ward in the controversial Profumo Affair in 1963.	James Burge	8 October 1906
date of birth	Dave Stetson (born 1946 in Pittsburg, California) is co-creator and founding member of the Caricature Carvers of America.	Dave Stetson	1946
date of birth	Ruth Rix (born 1942) is an artist based in Brighton, England, who works across the visual arts, with a particular interest in painting.	Ruth Rix	1942
date of birth	Charley Pierce (c. 1866 -- May 2, 1895) was an American outlaw in the American Old West who rode with both the Dalton Gang and the Doolin Dalton Gang during the 1890s.	Charley Pierce	1866
date of birth	Loy Stewart (19 May 1927 -- 19 August 2010) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1950s.	Loy Stewart	19 May 1927
date of birth	Edward Laurillard (20 April 1870 -- 7 May 1936) was a cinema and theatre producer in London and New York during the first third of the 20th century.	Edward Laurillard	20 April 1870
date of birth	María Dussauge Ortiz (born 2 August 1937), commonly known as María Duval, is a Mexican actress and singer who has worked in film, television, and the stage.	María Duval	2 August 1937
date of birth	Anna Maria Sandri (born 10 August 1936), credited under the name Maria Sandri, is an Italian actress who portrayed the daughter of a Bedouin sheikh, Mabrouka ben Yussef, in The Black Tent.	Anna Maria Sandri	10 August 1936
date of birth	Frank Siersleben (born 8 December 1960) is a former football player turned manager.	Frank Siersleben	8 December 1960
date of birth	Jasper Pääkkönen (born 15 July 1980) is a Finnish film actor who has appeared and starred in over 15 films.	Jasper Pääkkönen	15 July 1980
date of birth	George Greig (13 April 1871 - 22 November 1940) was a Scottish businessman, local politician and football player and manager.	George Greig	13 April 1871
date of birth	Derek Hamilton (born 26 August 1958) is a Scottish former football player, known for playing for St. Mirren.	Derek Hamilton	26 August 1958
date of birth	Choi Yun-hee (Korean: 최윤희 ; born 25 May 1986) is a South Korean track and field athlete who competes in the women's pole vault.	Choi Yun-hee	25 May 1986
date of birth	Srđan Cerović (born 7 March 1971) is a retired football player and manager.	Srđan Cerović	7 March 1971
date of birth	Shlomo Hillel (Hebrew: שלמה הלל‎, born 23 April 1923) is an Iraqi-born Israeli diplomat and politician who served as Speaker of the Knesset, Minister of Police and Minister of Internal Affairs.	Shlomo Hillel	23 April 1923
date of birth	Thorsten Fink (born 29 October 1967) is a former German footballer and the current manager of FK Austria Wien.	Thorsten Fink	29 October 1967
date of birth	Raffaele Schiavi (born 15 March 1986 in Cava dei Tirreni) is an Italian footballer, who plays as a centre back for Salernitana.	Raffaele Schiavi	15 March 1986
date of birth	Arthur Forbes, 1st Earl of Granard (1623--1696) was a Scottish soldier in Ireland.	Arthur Forbes, 1st Earl of Granard	1623
date of birth	Phua Leng Leng (born 25 June 1970), better known as Pan Lingling, is a Singaporean actress best known for acting in many Chinese-language television dramas produced by MediaCorp Channel 8 and its predecessors.	Pan Lingling	25 June 1970
date of birth	Augusto Madureira (born 1967) is a Portuguese journalist and songwriter.	Augusto Madureira	1967
date of birth	Sir Juckes Granville Juckes-Clifton, 8th Baronet (1769 - 1852) was 8th Baronet Clifton of Clifton, Nottinghamshire.	Juckes Granville Juckes-Clifton	1769
date of birth	Charles Boyce (born 1949 in Olive Branch, Mississippi), is an American cartoonist known for his syndicated comic panel Compu-toon.	Charles Boyce	1949
date of birth	Luke Burrage (born 26 August 1980) is a British juggler, musician, entertainer and author.	Luke Burrage	26 August 1980
date of birth	Pierre d'Amboise (1408 -- 28 June 1473) was a French nobleman of the House of Amboise.	Pierre d'Amboise	1408
date of birth	Steven H. David (born 1957) is the 106th Justice of the Supreme Court of Indiana.	Steven H. David	1957
date of birth	Yury Doroshkevich (Russian: Юрий Дорошкевич; born 30 June 1978) is a Belarusian professional football coach and former player.	Yury Doroshkevich	30 June 1978
date of birth	P. K. Kunhalikutty (born 6 January 1951) is an Indian politician and present Minister for Industries and Information Technology in the Government of Kerala.	P. K. Kunhalikutty	6 January 1951
date of birth	Jean-Baptiste Vietty, (14 December 1787 - 1842) was a French sculptor and archaeologist.	Jean-Baptiste Vietty	14 December 1787
date of birth	Osman Birsen (born 1945) is a Turkish high-ranking civil servant for finance and was the CEO of the Istanbul Stock Exchange between 1997 and 2007.	Osman Birsen	1945
date of birth	Paul Cuisset (born 1964) is a French programmer and designer of several popular video games.	Paul Cuisset	1964
date of birth	Griff Williams (born 1966) is an American painter, publisher, art instructor, and the owner of the Gallery 16 art gallery.	Griff Williams	1966
date of birth	Séamus Durack (born 1951) is an Irish former hurler and manager who played as a goalkeeper for the Clare senior team.	Séamus Durack	1951
date of birth	Per Risvik (born 4 September 1937 in Herøy, Møre og Romsdal) is a Norwegian politician (FrP).	Per Risvik	4 September 1937
date of birth	Dale Vince, OBE (born 29 August 1961) is a British ``green energy'' industrialist.	Dale Vince	29 August 1961
date of birth	William L. Lane (1931--1999) was an American New Testament theologian and professor of biblical studies.	William L. Lane	1931
date of birth	Bruce Mamando (born 20 January 1974 in Mount Hagen) is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 and 2000 World Cups.	Bruce Mamando	20 January 1974
date of birth	Sajid Afridi (born 8 April 1969) is a Pakistani former first-class cricketer.	Sajid Afridi	8 April 1969
date of birth	Jean Allaire (born 1930) was the author of the Allaire Report, and subsequently in 1994 the first leader of the fiscally conservative, autonomist provincial level political party in Quebec, the Action démocratique du Québec (ADQ).	Jean Allaire	1930
date of birth	George Gunton (1845--1919) was an influential figure in the labor movement of the United States around the turn of the 20th century and was an avid supporter of industrial combinations, or 'trusts'.	George Gunton	1845
date of birth	Rupert Harrison, CBE (born 1978 or 1979) was from 2006 to 2015 the chief of staff to George Osborne, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers in the UK Treasury.	Rupert Harrison	1978
date of birth	Ronald Trevor Drown, II (born c. 1970), is a former military officer and businessman from Dover, Arkansas, who is a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives for District 68 in Pope and Van Buren counties in the north central portion of his state.	Trevor Drown	1970
date of birth	Vicente Gandía (1935 -- March 9, 2009) was a Mexican artist of Spanish origin who is best known for his depictions of nature and buildings.	Vicente Gandía	1935
date of birth	Shaylen Pillay (born 12 April 1994) is a South African first-class cricketer who plays for the Highveld Lions cricket team.	Shaylen Pillay	12 April 1994
date of birth	Sarah Sophia Banks (28 October 1744 -- 27 September 1818) was an English collector of antiquarian items and sister of the naturalist Joseph Banks.	Sarah Sophia Banks	28 October 1744
date of birth	James Applewhite (born 1935 in Stantonsburg, North Carolina) is an American poet, and Professor Emeritus in creative writing at Duke University.	James Applewhite	1935
date of birth	Judy Torres born (13 June 1968 in The Bronx, New York) is a Puerto Rican freestyle music artist.	Judy Torres	13 June 1968
date of birth	Thomas B. Sheridan (born 23 December 1929, Cincinnati, OH) is American professor of mechanical engineering and Applied Psychology Emeritus at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Thomas B. Sheridan	23 December 1929
date of birth	Arnor Njøs (born 21 June 1930) is a Norwegian soil researcher.	Arnor Njøs	21 June 1930
date of birth	Owl Goingback (born 1959) is an American author of horror and children's books, a fiction ghostwriter, and a writer of non-fiction.	Owl Goingback	1959
date of birth	Luiza Galiulina (Russian: Луиза Галиулина; born 23 June 1992 in Tashkent) is an Uzbek gymnast.	Luiza Galiulina	23 June 1992
date of birth	Samuel Hallett (1827-July 27, 1864) was an American railroad developer, particularly known for the initial development of the eastern branch of the Union Pacific Railroad.	Samuel Hallett	1827
date of birth	P. J. O'Mullan (born on 1974) is a Northern Irish hurling manager and former player.	P. J. O'Mullan	1974
date of birth	Sinéad Ní Neachtain (born 1977) is an Irish editor.	Sinéad Ní Neachtain	1977
date of birth	Manuchehr Jamali (7 January 1929--5 June 2012) was a dissident Persian philosopher and poet.	Manuchehr Jamali	7 January 1929
date of birth	Riitta Nikula (born 1944, in Helsinki), is a Finnish art historian, author and professor emeritus in art and architecture history at the University of Helsinki.	Riitta Nikula	1944
date of birth	Alicia Cebrián Martínez de Lagos (born 3 February 1983 in Santa Cruz de Tenerife) is a Spanish Real Club Náutico de Tenerife sailor.	Alicia Cebrián Martínez de Lagos	3 February 1983
date of birth	Jean-Guillaume Béatrix (born 24 March 1988) is a French biathlete who has competed since 2005.	Jean-Guillaume Béatrix	24 March 1988
date of birth	Arto Tiainen (5 September 1930, Sääminki -- 21 September 1998) was a Finnish cross-country skier.	Arto Tiainen	5 September 1930
date of birth	Ruth Ungar Merenda (born 1976, in New York) is a singer songwriter who performs with many folk bands.	Ruth Ungar	1976
date of birth	Bowie Wong (born 1969) is a Hong Kong-born Australian fashion and stage designer.	Bowie Wong	1969
date of birth	Jean Pierre Marie Orchampt (born 9 December 1923) is a French Prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.	Jean Pierre Marie Orchampt	9 December 1923
date of birth	Guo Yushan (simplified Chinese: 郭玉闪; traditional Chinese: 郭玉閃; pinyin: Guō Yùshǎn; born 1977) is a Chinese scholar and human rights activist.	Guo Yushan	1977
date of birth	Paweł Leszkowicz (born 17 December 1970) is a Polish art historian and art curator.	Paweł Leszkowicz	17 December 1970
date of birth	Jan Seifert (born 14 October 1968) is a German former footballer who is now a coach.	Jan Seifert	14 October 1968
date of birth	John Short Larke (May 28, 1840 -- after 1904) was Canada's first trade commissioner who represented the country in Australia starting in 1895.	John Short Larke	1840
date of birth	Enzo Nini (born 29 August 1954) is a jazz saxophonist and flautist.	Enzo Nini	29 August 1954
date of birth	Javier Liburd (born 9 February 1987) in Nevis, is a West Indian cricketer who plays cricket for the Leeward Islands.	Javier Liburd	9 February 1987
date of birth	Jurij Hudolin (born 29 May 1973) is a Slovene poet, writer, columnist and translator.	Jurij Hudolin	29 May 1973
date of birth	Uzma Aslam Khan (born 19 February 1969) is an award-winning Pakistani writer.	Uzma Aslam Khan	1969
date of birth	Rukmini Varma (born 1940) is an Indian artist based in Bangalore.	Rukmini Varma	1940
date of birth	Jacques Anouma (born 11 December 1951) is a football administrator, a member of the FIFA Executive Committee.	Jacques Anouma	11 December 1951
date of birth	Norman Yemm (23 March 1933 -- 3 February 2015) was an Australian actor, opera singer, musical theatre performer and sportsman.	Norman Yemm	23 March 1933
date of birth	Sir James Brooke, Rajah of Sarawak, KCB (29 April 1803 -- 11 June 1868), was a British adventurer whose exploits in the Malay Archipelago made him the first White Rajah of Sarawak.	James Brooke	29 April 1803
date of birth	David Threlfall (born 12 October 1953) is an English stage, film and television actor and director.	David Threlfall	12 October 1953
date of birth	Pedro Fábregas (born 12 April 1965) is an officer at American Airlines Group, the parent company of American Airlines, US Airways and Envoy Air.	Pedro Fábregas	12 April 1965
date of birth	Pete Teo (Chinese: 张子夫; pinyin: Zhāng Zifu, born 26 December 1972 in Tawau, Sabah), is a multiple award winning Malaysian singer songwriter, film composer and filmmaker as well as a sought-after actor in what has become known as 'New Wave Malaysian Cinema'.	Pete Teo	26 December 1972
date of birth	Bruce Bruce (born Bruce Church; February 9, 1965) is an American actor and stand-up comedian from Atlanta, Georgia.	Bruce Bruce	1965
date of birth	William A. Brodie (1841-1917) was a Scots-American businessman and Freemason.	William A. Brodie	1841
date of birth	Will Johns (born 22 March 1973, London) is an English blues rock singer and guitarist.	Will Johns	22 March 1973
date of birth	Dickran Palulian (born 1938) is an Armenian-American illustrator and photographer who has produced work for Sports Illustrated, including their Silver Anniversary issue in 1979.	Dickran Palulian	1938
date of birth	Manuel Teles da Silva, 3rd Marquis of Alegrete, 4th Count of Vila Maior (6 February 1682 -- 9 February 1736), was a Portuguese nobleman, statesman, and historian.	Manuel Teles da Silva, 3rd Marquis of Alegrete	6 February 1682
date of birth	Caroline Marufu (born 1983) is a beauty queen who represented Zimbabwe in Miss World 2007 in China.	Caroline Marufu	1983
date of birth	Tatyana Shvyganova (Russian: Татьяна Ивановна Швыганова; born November 9, 1960 in Gorky) is a field hockey player and Olympic medalist.	Tatyana Shvyganova	1960
date of birth	Sharon Halford (born 27 November 1953) is a Falkland Islands politician who served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly for the Camp constituency from 2009 until 2013.	Sharon Halford	27 November 1953
date of birth	Thanasis Giannakopoulos (born in 1931) (Greek: Θανάσης Γιαννακόπουλος) is a Greek businessman, and a former pro sports club owner.	Thanasis Giannakopoulos	1931
date of birth	Mattia Maggio (born 22 February 1994) is a German-Italian footballer who plays as a striker.	Mattia Maggio	22 February 1994
date of birth	Princess Badiya bint Hassan (born 28 March 1974 in Amman, Jordan) is a Jordanian princess.	Princess Badiya bint Hassan	1974
date of birth	Henning Meyer, (born 1978), is a German social scientist, consultant and analyst.	Henning Meyer	1978
date of birth	James Hudson Taylor (Chinese: 戴德生; 21 May 1832 -- 3 June 1905) was a British Protestant Christian missionary to China and founder of the China Inland Mission (CIM, now OMF International).	Hudson Taylor	21 May 1832
date of birth	Melissa Gira Grant (born 1978 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American freelance journalist.	Melissa Gira Grant	1978
date of birth	Ewan Aitken (born in 1962, Paisley) is a minister of the Church of Scotland.	Ewan Aitken	1962
date of birth	Dale Morton (born 31 October 1990) is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for Dewsbury Rams and formerly Wakefield Trinity in the Super League.	Dale Morton	31 October 1990
date of birth	Nahid Majid, OBE (Bengali: নায়াহিদ মাঝিদ; born 19 June 1964) is a Bangladeshi-born British civil servant, chief operating officer for Regeneration Investment Organisation at UK Trade & Investment, Deputy Director within the Department for Work and Pensions and former urban planner.	Nahid Majid	19 June 1964
date of birth	Valmiro Lopes Rocha (born 23 April 1981), known as Valdo, is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Indian club Atlético de Kolkata mainly as a winger.	Valmiro Lopes Rocha	23 April 1981
date of birth	George Milner Tozaka OBE, better known as Milner Tozaka, (born 21 October 1951) is a Solomon Islands diplomat and politician.	Milner Tozaka	21 October 1951
date of birth	Avner Greif (born 1955) is an economics professor at Stanford University, Stanford, California.	Avner Greif	1955
date of birth	Oszkár Ács (born 4 June 1980) is a Hungarian indie musician, best known as the bass guitarist of the Hungarian indie band Amber Smith.	Oszkár Ács	4 June 1980
date of birth	Øystein Baadsvik (born 14 August 1966) is a Norwegian tuba soloist and chamber musician.	Øystein Baadsvik	14 August 1966
date of birth	Ognyan Toshev (Bulgarian: Огнян Тошев, born 23 June 1940) is a former Bulgarian cyclist.	Ognyan Toshev	23 June 1940
date of birth	Jawahar Kalra, MD, PhD, FRCPC, FCAHS (born 1949) is a heart researcher, educator, and physician.	Jawahar Kalra	1949
date of birth	David McKeon (born 25 July 1992) is an Australian competition swimmer.	David McKeon	25 July 1992
date of birth	Guy-Paul Noujaim (born on 7 July 1935 in Kfartay, Lebanon) is a Lebanese eparch and emeritus Auxiliary bishop of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Joubbé, Sarba and Jounieh.	Guy-Paul Noujaim	7 July 1935
date of birth	Leopoldo Girelli (born 13 March 1953) is the current Apostolic Nuncio to Singapore.	Leopoldo Girelli	13 March 1953
date of birth	Cherith Baldry (born 21 January 1947) is a British writer of children's fiction and fantasy fiction.	Cherith Baldry	21 January 1947
date of birth	Dudley Broussard (August 16, 1916 -- May 24, 1998) was a Creole zydeco musician, known to have played alongside other great musicians such Clifton Chenier.	Dudley Broussard	1916
date of birth	Erwin Hochmair (born 1940) is an Austrian electrical engineer whose research focuses in the fields of biomedical engineering and cochlear implant design.	Erwin Hochmair	1940
date of birth	Gegham Gharibjanian (Armenian: Գեղամ Տիրանի Ղարիբջանյան; born 2 October 1951) is an Armenian politician and diplomat.	Gegham Gharibjanian	2 October 1951
date of birth	Sharon Luk or Luk Sze-wan (born 29 December 1980) is a TVB actress.	Sharon Luk	29 December 1980
date of birth	Alex Fellows (born 1979) is a Canadian cartoonist, illustrator, and painter, based in Montreal.	Alex Fellows	1979
date of birth	Jerold T. Hevener (30 April 1873, date of death unknown) was an American film actor and director.	Jerold T. Hevener	30 April 1873
date of birth	Jaime Mirtenbaum Zenamon (born 1953) is a classical guitarist and composer.	Jaime Mirtenbaum Zenamon	1953
date of birth	Victor Robinson (16 August 1886, in Ukraine -- 15 January 1947) was a physician and medical journalist.	Victor Robinson	16 August 1886
date of birth	Manuel Benítez Pérez (born 4 May 1936), more commonly known as El Cordobés (The Cordovan), is a famous matador of the 1960s who brought to the bullring an unorthodox acrobatic and theatrical style.	El Cordobés	4 May 1936
date of birth	Jack Coutu ARE ARCA (born 13 September 1924) is an English printmaker, sculptor, etcher, engraver, carver, watercolourist and teacher.	Jack Coutu	1924
date of birth	Stig Rindborg (born 1929) is a Swedish politician, member of the Moderate Party, and lawyer.	Stig Rindborg	1929
date of birth	Mario Babic (born 19 May 1987) is an Austro-English raised actor, model, and musician.	Mario Babic	19 May 1987
date of birth	Hendrik Martz (* 9 May 1968 in Hamburg) is a German actor.	Hendrik Martz	9 May 1968
date of birth	Guy Hendrix Dyas (born 20 August 1968) is a British production designer for films.	Guy Hendrix Dyas	20 August 1968
date of birth	David Warwick (born 15 January 1948) is a British stage and television actor known for his theatre work with the writer and director Ray Cooney.	David Warwick	15 January 1948
date of birth	Vigrahapala II (960 - 988 CE) was the successor to the Pala king Gopala II, and ninth ruler of the Pala line reigning for 22 years.	Vigrahapala II	960
date of birth	Lawrence A. Hoffman (born 1942) is an American Reform rabbi and a prominent scholar of Jewish liturgy.	Lawrence A. Hoffman	1942
date of birth	Tibor Donner (19 September 1907 -- 11 March 1993) was Chief Architect for the Auckland City Council from 1947-1967.	Tibor Donner	19 September 1907
date of birth	Mira Lesmana (born 8 August 1964) is an Indonesian songwriter, film director and producer.	Mira Lesmana	8 August 1964
date of birth	Columb McKinley (born 24 August 1950) was a Scottish footballer who played for Airdrie and Dumbarton.	Columb McKinley	24 August 1950
date of birth	Lieutenant General James Gordon Legge CB, CMG (15 August 1863 -- 18 September 1947) was an Australian Army Lieutenant General who served in World War I. His son Stanley Ferguson Legge reached the rank of Major General.	James Gordon Legge	15 August 1863
date of birth	Carly Hillman (born 11 June 1983) is a British actress best known for playing Nicky di Marco in the BBC soap opera EastEnders from 1998 to 2000.	Carly Hillman	11 June 1983
date of birth	Okan Avcı (born 29 November 1984 in Muğla, Turkey) is a Turkish film director and actor.	Okan Avcı	29 November 1984
date of birth	Evelyn M. Richardson, born Evelyn May Fox (1902--1976) was a Canadian writer who won the Governor General's Award in non-fiction for her 1945 memoir, We Keep a Light.	Evelyn M. Richardson	1902
date of birth	Mark Uytterhoeven (born 6 March 1957) is a Belgian television presenter, tv script writer, actor, comedian and former sports journalist.	Mark Uytterhoeven	6 March 1957
date of birth	Leyla Güven (born 1964, Cihanbeyli, Konya, Turkey) was mayor of the municipality of Viranşehir in the Şanlıurfa Province of Southeast Anatolia of Turkey, of the former Democratic Society Party (DTP).	Leyla Güven	1964
date of birth	Bogdan Janković (Serbian: Богдан Јанковић, born 1 September 1982) is a Serbian hockey player who played for the Serbia national ice hockey team.	Bogdan Janković	1 September 1982
date of birth	Zhang Yihu (Chinese: 张义瑚; born 1962) is a lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) of China.	Zhang Yihu	1962
date of birth	Kristina Guiourova (Bulgarian: Кристина Гюрова; born 17 February 1959 in Sofia, Bulgaria) is a former individual Bulgarian rhythmic gymnast.	Kristina Guiourova	17 February 1959
date of birth	Emma Alberici (born 1970) is an Australian television journalist who is currently a co-presenter of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's program Lateline.	Emma Alberici	1970
date of birth	Andreas Huyssen (born 1942) is the Villard Professor of German and Comparative Literature at Columbia University, where he has taught since 1986.	Andreas Huyssen	1942
date of birth	Henry Herman Meyer (21 November 1874 Champaign, Illinois - 1951) was an American Methodist Episcopal clergyman and editor.	Henry Herman Meyer	21 November 1874
date of birth	Evadne Price, née Eva Grace Price (28 August 1888 -- 17 April 1985), was an Australian-British writer, actress, astrologer and media personality.	Evadne Price	28 August 1888
date of birth	Lakshmi Raj Sharma (Hindi: लक्ष्मी राज शर्मा) (born 1954) is an Indian author, novelist, and academician.	Lakshmi Raj Sharma	1954
date of birth	James Hibbert (born 1831) was an English architect who practised in Preston, Lancashire.	James Hibbert	1831
date of birth	Björn Kuipers (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈbjʏrn ˈkœypərs); born 28 March 1973) is a Dutch football referee.	Björn Kuipers	28 March 1973
date of birth	Sharad Moreshwar Hardikar (born 22 June 1932) is an Indian orthopedic surgeon and the founder of Hardikar Hospital, Pune.	Sharad Moreshwar Hardikar	22 June 1932
date of birth	Ustad Rais Khan (born 25 November 1939) is a Pakistani sitarist from Karachi, Pakistan.	Rais Khan	25 November 1939
date of birth	Andrea Nemeth (born 1978) is a Canadian actress best known for the role of Medea on the national Canadian television series The Odyssey.	Andrea Nemeth	1978
date of birth	Loïc Dachary (born 1965) is a French free software developer and activist who has been active since 1987.	Loïc Dachary	1965
date of birth	Szilvia Tarjányi (born 11 January 1992 in Csongrád) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE as a line player.	Szilvia Tarjányi	11 January 1992
date of birth	Chhatradhar Mahato (Bengali: ছত্রধর মাহাতো) (born 1964) is an Indian political activist from Lalgarh, West Bengal.	Chhatradhar Mahato	1964
date of birth	José Timoteo Martínez Pérez (born 22 December 1956) is a Mexican politician from the institutional Revolutionary Party.	Timoteo Martínez Pérez	22 December 1956
date of birth	Morgan McMichaels (born 28 May 1981) is the female persona of drag performer Thomas White.	Morgan McMichaels	28 May 1981
date of birth	Matthew ``Matt'' T. Burns (born March 28, 1980) better known by his ring name ``Sick'' Nick Mondo is a retired American professional wrestler.	Nick Mondo	1980
date of birth	Anastasios Lavrentzos (Greek: Αναστάσιος Λαυρέντζος, born 25 June 1966 Piraeus, Greece) is a Greek physicist, economist, and writer.	Anastasios Lavrentzos	25 June 1966
date of birth	Marshall Ayres (born June 28, 1807) was one of the founding pioneers of the Midwest, particularly around the Chicago region.	Marshall Ayres	1807
date of birth	Nduka Onwuegbute (born 1969) is a Nigerian British playwright, currently living in the United Kingdom.	Nduka Onwuegbute	1969
date of birth	Jindřich Zeman (born 30 September 1950) was a Czechoslovakian luger who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Jindřich Zeman	30 September 1950
date of birth	Zhao Xiao (Chinese: 赵晓; pinyin: Zhào Xiǎo; born March 1967) is a Chinese economist who has gained attention for arguing that China's economy would benefit from the spread of Christianity.	Zhao Xiao	March 1967
date of birth	Jonathan Adair, better known as Johnny Adair or Mad Dog Adair (born 27 October 1963) is an Ulster loyalist and the former leader of the ``C Company'', 2nd Battalion Shankill Road, West Belfast Brigade of the ``Ulster Freedom Fighters'' (UFF).	Johnny Adair	27 October 1963
date of birth	Gerrit Jan Meulenbeld (born 28 May 1928 in Borne, Overijssel) is a physician-scholar who has taught and published major works of research in Indology.	Gerrit Jan Meulenbeld	28 May 1928
date of birth	Gustava Johanna Stenborg, as married senare Hahr and Yckerberg, (1776-1819), was a Swedish artist.	Gustava Johanna Stenborg	1776
date of birth	Lucius Borich (born 1971) is an Australian musician, best known as the former drummer for the band Cog, and previously the drummer in funk metal band Juice and in The Hanging Tree as well as Floating Me.	Lucius Borich	1971
date of birth	Diane Madden (born 1959) is a modern dancer, teacher and choreographer based in New York City.	Diane Madden	1959
date of birth	John Houling (1539?-1599), was an Irish Jesuit.	John Houling	1539
date of birth	Jesper Tollefsen (born 27 January 1971) is a Danish football manager mos recently in charge of Aarhus Fremad.	Jesper Tollefsen	27 January 1971
date of birth	Mick Deegan (born 1964) is a former manager of Dublin Junior Gaelic football team and Fingal Ravens.	Mick Deegan	1964
date of birth	Carl Henrik Clemmensen (28 March 1901 - 30 or 31 August 1943) was a Danish newspaper editor who was killed by three men of the Schalburg Corps one of whom was Søren Kam.	Carl Henrik Clemmensen	28 March 1901
date of birth	Jonathon Green (born 20 April 1948 in Kidderminster, Worcestershire) is a British lexicographer of slang and writer on the history of alternative cultures.	Jonathon Green	20 April 1948
date of birth	Choi Hyun (Hangul: 최현; born 7 November 1978) is a retired South Korean football player who played as Goalkeeper.	Choi Hyun	7 November 1978
date of birth	Liza Goddard (born 20 January 1950) is an English television and stage actress, best known for her work in the 1970s and 1980s.	Liza Goddard	20 January 1950
date of birth	John Clerk of Eldin FRSE FSAScot (10 December 1728 -- 10 May 1812) was a Scottish merchant, naval author, artist, geologist and landowner.	John Clerk of Eldin	10 December 1728
date of birth	Philip Andersen is a Danish race car driver born 15 November 1980 who competed in the Danish Touring Car Championship from 2003 until 2004.	Philip Andersen	15 November 1980
date of birth	Andrew Carnegie Whitfield (born 1910), the nephew of wealthy steel magnate Andrew Carnegie, mysteriously disappeared shortly after he departed from Roosevelt Field on Long Island, New York on the morning of April 17, 1938.	Andrew Carnegie Whitfield	1910
date of birth	C. Gordon Lambert (9 April 1919 -- 27 January 2005) was an Irish art collector who, in 1992, donated over 300 paintings to the Irish Museum of Modern Art. He had earlier campaigned for an Irish national modern art collection to be established and had been a prominent figure in the Irish art scene.	Gordon Lambert	9 April 1919
date of birth	John D. Cressler (born 1961) is a Georgia Tech professor and author.	John D. Cressler	1961
date of birth	Lena Bergström (born in Umeå, Sweden 1961) is a textiles and glass designer.	Lena Bergström	1961
date of birth	Gian Paolo Dallara (born 16 November 1936) is an Italian businessman and motorsports engineer.	Gian Paolo Dallara	16 November 1936
date of birth	Emilio Bianchi (born in Rho, Lombardy, 8 October 1957) is an Italian broadcast journalist.	Emilio Bianchi	8 October 1957
date of birth	Phesheya Mbongeni Dlamini (born 1 January 1966 in Lobamba) has been the Ambassador and Permanent Representative of Swaziland to the United Nations since 8 September 2005.	Phesheya Mbongeni Dlamini	1 January 1966
date of birth	Mohammed Mahee Ferdous Jalil (Bengali: মুহাম্মদ মহি ফেরদৌস জলিল; born 13 April 1973) is a Bangladeshi-born British businessman, founder of Channel S, owner of Prestige Auto Group and television presenter.	Mahee Ferdous Jalil	13 April 1973
date of birth	Talyn Rahman-Figueroa (née Talyn Rahman; Bengali: তালিন রহমান; born 8 May 1985) is a British diplomatic consultant and Executive Director and founder of Grassroot Diplomat.	Talyn Rahman-Figueroa	8 May 1985
date of birth	Lloyd Cole (born 31 January 1961) is an English singer and songwriter, known for his role as lead singer of Lloyd Cole and the Commotions from 1984 to 1989, and for his subsequent solo work.	Lloyd Cole	31 January 1961
date of birth	Michael Wawelberg (Михаил Ипполитович Вавельберг; 1880 -- after 1929) was a Polish-Russian Jewish banker, one of the best known members of the Wawelberg banking family.	Michael Wawelberg	1880
date of birth	Akai Osei (born 12 April 1999) is a British dancer, best known for winning the first series of Got to Dance.	Akai Osei	12 April 1999
date of birth	Anup Kumar Yama (born 1 September 1984) is an Indian roller skate athlete.	Anup Kumar Yama	1 September 1984
date of birth	Martín Solares (born in 1970) is a Mexican writer, critic and editor who received the Efraín Huerta National Literary Award in 1998 for his short story, El planeta Cloralex.	Martín Solares	1970
date of birth	Elvyra Katalina Kriaučiūnaitė (born 1942) is an Argentine born Lithuanian graphic artist.	Elvyra Katalina Kriaučiūnaitė	1942
date of birth	James Challis FRS (12 December 1803 -- 3 December 1882) was an English clergyman, physicist and astronomer.	James Challis	12 December 1803
date of birth	Irina Lenskiy (Hebrew: אירנה לנסקי‎, born 12 June 1971) is an Israeli athlete who specializes in the 100 metres hurdles.	Irina Lenskiy	12 June 1971
date of birth	Natalee Caple (born 1970 in Montreal) is a Canadian author of novels and poetry who is based at the University of Calgary where she is working on a PhD.	Natalee Caple	1970
date of birth	Josef Dubiel von LeRach (born 1951) is a Czech painter and illustrator and author of over twenty books.	Josef Dubiel von LeRach	1951
date of birth	Alicia Candiani (born 1953) is an Argentine artist specializing in printmaking and digital media.	Alicia Candiani	1953
date of birth	Fakhr-un-Nisa Shuhdah was born in 484 A.H in the Iranian city of Dinawar to Abu Nasr Ahmad ibn al-Faraj al-Dinawari (d.574/1112).	Fakhr-un-Nisa	484
date of birth	M. Prabhaharan (born 6 July 1966 at Dindigul) had his school education in Theni, Tamil Nadu and completed his degree course in Fine Arts at Government College of Fine Arts, Chennai.	M. Prabhaharan	6 July 1966
date of birth	Joris Van Severen (19 July 1894 -- 20 May 1940) was a Belgian politician and ideologue of the Flemish Movement.	Joris Van Severen	19 July 1894
date of birth	Rosenery Mello do Nascimento (1965, Rio de Janeiro -- June 4, 2011), best known by the stage name Rosenery Mello, was a Brazilian celebrity and model also known as ``Fogueteira do Maracanã''.	Rosenery Mello do Nascimento	1965
date of birth	Thomas Menamparampil SDB (born 22 October 1936 in Palai, India ) is currently the apostolic administrator of Diocese of Jowai appointed by Pope Francis on 3 February 2014.	Thomas Menamparampil	22 October 1936
date of birth	Stuart W. Frost (1891 - 1980) was a professor of entomology at The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, Pennsylvania.	Stuart W. Frost	1891
date of birth	Simon Kurt Unsworth (born 1972) is a British writer of supernatural fiction.	Simon Kurt Unsworth	1972
date of birth	Hetty Sarlene (born 21 April 1984) is a Singapore-born Malaysian singer and actress.	Hetty Sarlene	21 April 1984
date of birth	Mats Helge, also known as Mats-Helge Olsson (born 10 May 1953) is a Swedish independent filmmaker, best known for movies such as The Ninja Mission (1984), and he is one of the most productive independent Swedish directors ever, with almost 100 titles to his résumé.	Mats Helge	10 May 1953
date of birth	Adrian Royle (born 12 February 1959) is a retired English long distance runner born in Manchester.	Adrian Royle	12 February 1959
date of birth	Lê Dũng Tráng, (born 1947 in Saigon) is a Vietnamese-French mathematician.	Lê Dũng Tráng	1947
date of birth	Nick Kisner (``Slick'' Nick) is an American Boxer of German-Scottish descent on his father's side and Irish-Russian (Chechen) descent on his mother's side, who was born in Baltimore, Maryland January 17, 1991.	Nick Kisner	1991
date of birth	Ognjen Stojanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Огњен Стојановић, born 24 January 1990 in Novi Sad) is a Serbian triathlete.	Ognjen Stojanović	24 January 1990
date of birth	Ollie Willars (born 25 June 1990 is a British field hockey player. He competed for England in the men's hockey tournament at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where he won a bronze medal.	Ollie Willars	25 June 1990
date of birth	Alia Syed (born 1964) is a British experimental filmmaker and artist.	Alia Syed	1964
date of birth	Châu Hoàng Tuyết Loan (18 February 1975) is a Vietnamese woman paralympic powerlifter.	Châu Hoàng Tuyết Loan	18 February 1975
date of birth	Stuart McRobert (born 1958 in England) is a writer on strength training, best known as the founder and publisher of Hardgainer magazine.	Stuart McRobert	1958
date of birth	Hans Jørgen Lysglimt, also known as Hans Jørgen Lysglimt Johansen, (born 13 September 1971) is a Norwegian entrepreneur, politician and social commentator.	Hans Jørgen Lysglimt	13 September 1971
date of birth	Günter Hirschmann (born 8 December 1935) is a former German football player who spent almost his entire senior career at 1.	Günter Hirschmann	8 December 1935
date of birth	Shayne Burgess (born 1 June 1964 in Hastings) is an English darts player who plays for the British Darts Organisation.	Shayne Burgess	1 June 1964
date of birth	Sidney F. Barrett (1892--1958) of New York City, was a prominent stamp dealer who participated in various important philatelic ventures in New York City itself.	Sidney F. Barrett	1892
date of birth	Sir James Carreras MBE (30 January 1909 --1990) was a British film producer, who, together with William Hinds, founded the legendary British film company Hammer Film Productions.	James Carreras	1909
date of birth	Cédric Gerbehaye (born 1977) is a Belgian journalist and photographer who has specialized in the Middle East and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Cédric Gerbehaye	1977
date of birth	Hersch Harry Kopyto (born 1946) is a Canadian legal advocate, broadcaster, and political activist.	Harry Kopyto	1946
date of birth	Thomas H. Beeby (born 1941) is an American architect who was a member of the ``Chicago Seven'' architects and has been Chairman Emeritus of Hammond, Beeby, Rupert, Ainge Architects (HBRA) for over thirty-nine years.	Thomas H. Beeby	1941
date of birth	Andrea Tessa Vergara (born 1961, in Santiago) is a Chilean singer-songwriter, TV presenter and actress of Italian descent.	Andrea Tessa	1961
date of birth	Bansi Lal (26 August 1927 -- 28 March 2006) was an Indian Hindu Jat independence activist, senior Congress leader, former Chief Minister of Haryana and considered by many to be the architect of modern Haryana.	Bansi Lal	26 August 1927
date of birth	Dionigi Donnini (8 April 1681 -- 1743) was an Italian painter, who was active at Modena.	Dionigi Donnini	8 April 1681
date of birth	Niccolò Castiglioni (17 July 1932 -- 7 September 1996) was an Italian composer, pianist, and writer on music.	Niccolò Castiglioni	17 July 1932
date of birth	Margaret, Maid of Norway (9 April 1283 -- 26 September 1290) was a Norwegian princess who reigned as Queen of Scots from 1286 until her death.	Margaret, Maid of Norway	9 April 1283
date of birth	Andries Jonker (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɑndris ˈjɔŋkər), 22 September 1962) is a Dutch football manager who works as the head of academy at Arsenal F.C. Prior to this, he was assistant manager of VfL Wolfsburg, manager and later sporting director of Willem II, MVV and Volendam and assistant coach of Barcelona.	Andries Jonker	22 September 1962
date of birth	Anoushirvan Arjmand (Persian: انوشیروان ارجمند‎‎‎; 19 October 1941 -- 14 December 2014) was an Iranian actor, best known for his roles in films such as Duel (2004), Tardid (2009), and He Who Said No (2014).	Anoushirvan Arjmand	19 October 1941
date of birth	Dirk Hoogendam, a.k.a. Dieter Hohendamm, alias The Boxer (18 May 1922, Vlaardingen - 8 August 2003 in Ringgau, Germany), was a Dutch war criminal.	Dirk Hoogendam	18 May 1922
date of birth	Harald Smedal (5 April 1859 -- 3 May 1911) was Norwegian member of the Council of State Division in Stockholm from 1895 to 1896, Minister of Auditing from 1896 to 1897, and Minister of Justice from 1897 to 1898.	Harald Smedal	1859
date of birth	Antonio del Valle Ruiz (born 1938) is a Mexican businessman, chairman of the chemicals company Mexichem.	Antonio del Valle Ruiz	1938
date of birth	Kasey Anderson (born 1980) is an American singer, songwriter, guitarist, producer and musician.	Kasey Anderson	1980
date of birth	Sean Olsson (born 2 March 1967) is a British bobsledder who competed during the 1990s.	Sean Olsson	2 March 1967
date of birth	Károly Beregfy (12 February 1888 -- 12 March 1946) was a Hungarian military officer and politician, who served as Minister of Defence between 1944--45 in the Arrow Cross Party government.	Károly Beregfy	12 February 1888
date of birth	Kamal Chaudhry (born 3 July 1947) is an Indian Politician.	Kamal Chaudhry	3 July 1947
date of birth	Guy Hands (born 27 August 1959) is an English financier and investor.	Guy Hands	27 August 1959
date of birth	Prof. Nicolás Rojas Acosta (1873--1946) was an Argentine academic and botanist.	Nicolás Rojas Acosta	1873
date of birth	Rowley Leigh (born 23 April 1950) is a British chef, restaurateur and journalist who lives in Shepherd's Bush, London.	Rowley Leigh	23 April 1950
date of birth	Rudolph Contreras (born 1962) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.	Rudolph Contreras	1962
date of birth	Donald K. Tarlton, CM (born 12 May 1943) is a Canadian entertainment businessman.	Donald K. Tarlton	12 May 1943
date of birth	Hilde Danielsen (born 1971) is a Norwegian social anthropologist and gender studies expert.	Hilde Danielsen	1971
date of birth	Jan Budař, alias Pavel Bedura (born 31 July 1977) is a Czech actor, director, singer, composer and script writer.	Jan Budař	31 July 1977
date of birth	Parvaiz Mehdi Qureshi (Urdu: پرویز مهدی قریشی; 1 October 1943; NI(M)) is a retired four-star rank air officer (Air Chief Marshal) who served as the fifteenth Chief of Air Staff from 1997 until 2000.	Parvaiz Mehdi Qureshi	1 October 1943
date of birth	Alex Scarrow (b. 14 February 1966) is a British author, whose books include The Candle Man, A Thousand Suns, Last Light, Afterlight, October Skies, and the young adult science fiction series TimeRiders.	Alex Scarrow	14 February 1966
date of birth	Graham Hathaway (born 1951 in Chelmsford, Essex) is a British retired auto racing driver.	Graham Hathaway	1951
date of birth	Jackson Haines (1840--1879) was an American ballet dancer and figure skater who is regarded as the father of modern figure skating.	Jackson Haines	1840
date of birth	Jacques van Ypersele de Strihou (born 5 December 1936), was the Principal Private Secretary to the King of the Belgians (1983--2013).	Jacques van Ypersele de Strihou	5 December 1936
date of birth	Huỳnh Văn Thanh (born 20 December 1992) is a Vietnamese footballer who play as a Forward for V-League club Thanh Hóa F.C.	Huỳnh Văn Thanh	20 December 1992
date of birth	Ling Qing (Chinese: 凌青) (1923 - September 10, 2010), original name Lin Moqing (Chinese: 林墨卿), was a Chinese diplomat.	Ling Qing	1923
date of birth	Jefferson King (born 1 July 1961) is a British former bodybuilder and wrestler, best known for playing Shadow in the ITV show Gladiators.	Jefferson King	1 July 1961
date of birth	Sanne Salomonsen (born 30 December 1955), is a Danish singer.	Sanne Salomonsen	30 December 1955
date of birth	Hubertus Antonius van der Aa (born 1935) is a Dutch mycologist who has described several genera and species of fungi.	Hubertus Antonius van der Aa	1935
date of birth	Jessica Trengove (born 15 August 1987) is an Australian athletics competitor competing in the 1500 metres, 5000 metres, 10,000 metres, half marathon, and marathon events.	Jessica Trengove	15 August 1987
date of birth	János Valentiny (1 January 1842, Nagylak - 25 February 1902, Nádasdladány) was a Hungarian painter of portraits, landscapes and genre scenes.	János Valentiny	1 January 1842
date of birth	Romano Battisti (21 August 1986) is an Italian rower.	Romano Battisti	21 August 1986
date of birth	Belén Scalella (born 1982) is an Argentine actress and singer.	Belén Scalella	1982
date of birth	Alec Monteath (22 May 1941 in Perthshire) was an announcer for Scottish Television from 1964 - 1969 and an announcer on BBC Scotland.	Alec Monteath	22 May 1941
date of birth	Eddie Betts (born Edward Roberts on 26 November 1986) is a professional Australian rules football player who plays for the Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Eddie Betts	26 November 1986
date of birth	Cy Curnin (born Cyril John Curnin, 12 December 1957, Wimbledon, England) is a singer/songwriter and musician.	Cy Curnin	12 December 1957
date of birth	Art Frahm (1907--1981) was an American painter of campy pin-up girls and advertising.	Art Frahm	1907
date of birth	Yuval Fuchs (Hebrew: יובל פוקס; born 1961) is the current Ambassador of Israel to Georgia and Non-Resident Ambassador to Armenia.	Yuval Fuchs	1961
date of birth	Francis Brerewood (1694-1781) was an English painter, translator and architect.	Francis Brerewood	1694
date of birth	Benedetto Pistrucci (29 May 1783 -- 16 September 1855) was a distinguished Italian Gem-engraver, medallist and coin-engraver who became Chief-medallist at the Royal Mint in England.	Benedetto Pistrucci	29 May 1783
date of birth	Utpal Banerjee (born 1957) is a Professor and Chair of the Department of Molecular, Cell and Developmental Biology at UCLA.	Utpal Banerjee	1957
date of birth	Andrew Groves (born 27 February 1968) is a London-based English fashion designer specialising in womenswear, menswear and prints.	Andrew Groves	27 February 1968
date of death	Sir John Danvers (c 1585--1655) was an English courtier and politician.	John Danvers	1655
date of death	Noel St George Hyslop (1921-1979) was a British physician, veterinary surgeon and public health officer.	Noel St George Hyslop	1979
date of death	Major-General Daniel Gookin (1612 -- 19 March 1687) was a settler of Virginia and Massachusetts, and a writer on the subject of American Indians.	Daniel Gookin	19 March 1687
date of death	Henry Wilson Savage ( 21 March 1859 - 29 November 1927 ) was an American theatrical manager.	Henry Wilson Savage	29 November 1927
date of death	John Earl Coleman (26 March 1930 - 22 November 2012) was a teacher of Vipassana (insight) meditation, a kind of meditation of Theravada Buddhism.	John Earl Coleman	22 November 2012
date of death	Khan Sahib Shahal Khan Khoso (1909--1956) came from a family which had, since the many last centuries, been prominent among the landed aristocracy of the Sindh.	Shahal Khan Khoso	1956
date of death	Vasilko Romanovich (1203--1269), Prince of Belz (1207--1211), Prince of Brest (1221--1231), and Prince of Volhynia (1231--1269).	Vasilko Romanovich	1269
date of death	Tang Jian (579--656), courtesy name Maoyue, posthumously known as Duke Xiang of Ju, was a Chinese official who lived in the early Tang dynasty and rose to prominence during the reign of Emperor Taizong.	Tang Jian	656
date of death	Miguel António de Sousa Horta Almeida e Vasconcelos, 2nd Baron of Santa Comba Dão (São Paulo de Luanda, Angola, 22 August 1831 -- 24 February 1891) was a Portuguese nobleman.	Miguel António de Sousa Horta Almeida e Vasconcelos, 2nd Baron of Santa Comba Dão	24 February 1891
date of death	Marie Provazníková (24 October 1890 -- 11 January 1991) was a Czechoslovak sports official active in the Sokol movement.	Marie Provazníková	11 January 1991
date of death	Alfred Clunies-Ross (c.1851 -- 28 February 1903) was a rugby union international who represented Scotland in the first international rugby match in 1871.	Alfred Clunies-Ross	28 February 1903
date of death	Hans Christian Cornelius Mortensen (27 August 1856 -- 7 June 1921) was a Danish teacher and ornithologist.	Hans Christian Cornelius Mortensen	7 June 1921
date of death	Gildo Rodrigues (30 November 1939 -- 17 August 2009) was a Brazilian footballer manager.	Gildo Rodrigues	17 August 2009
date of death	Idov Cohen (Hebrew: אידוב כהן‎, 4 November 1909 -- 16 May 1998) was a Romanian-Israeli politician and journalist.	Idov Cohen	16 May 1998
date of death	Lionel Lindon ASC (2 September 1905 -- 20 September 1971) was an American film cameraman and cinematographer who spent much of his career working for Paramount.	Lionel Lindon	20 September 1971
date of death	Mingyi Swa of Prome (Burmese: မင်းကြီးစွာ, pronounced: (mɪ́ɴdʑíswà); c. 1435--1482) was viceroy of Prome from 1446 to 1482 during the reigns of kings Narapati I, Thihathura I and Minkhaung II of Ava.	Mingyi Swa of Prome	1482
date of death	Andrew of Saint Victor (died October 1175) was an Augustinian canon of the abbey of Saint Victor in Paris, a Christian Hebraist and biblical exegete.	Andrew of Saint Victor	1175
date of death	Leslie Hubricht (born 11 January 1908 in Los Angeles, California, died 16 September 2005 in Meridian, Mississippi) was an American biologist and malacologist.	Leslie Hubricht	16 September 2005
date of death	Sir Richard Hoghton, 1st Baronet (28 September 1570 -- 1630) was a politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1601 and 1611.	Sir Richard Hoghton, 1st Baronet	1630
date of death	Emile Brichard (Arsimont, 20 December 1899 -- Villers-Poterie, 8 July 2004) was a Belgian cyclist.	Emile Brichard	8 July 2004
date of death	Yasuji Kiyose (清瀬保二 Kiyose Yasuji, 13 January 1900 -- 14 September 1981) was a Japanese composer.	Yasuji Kiyose	14 September 1981
date of death	Yu Zhining (于志寧) (588--665), courtesy name Zhongmi (仲謐), formally Duke Ding of Yan (燕定公), was a chancellor of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, during the reigns of Emperor Taizong and Emperor Gaozong.	Yu Zhining	665
date of death	Malcolm Webster Ford (1862-1902) was an American athlete and journalist.	Malcolm Webster Ford	1902
date of death	Reynold Pympe (c.1371-1426), of Nettlestead and Pympe's Court in East Farleigh, Kent, was an English politician.	Reynold Pympe	1426
date of death	The Reverend Alexander Petrie Campbell OBE (4 June 1881 - 13 December 1963) was an Australian-born Congregational church minister and chairman of the Congregational Union of Australia and New Zealand from 1937 until 1939.	Alexander Petrie Campbell	13 December 1963
date of death	John Sutton, 1st Baron Dudley, KG (25 December 1400 -- 30 September 1487) was an English nobleman.	John Sutton, 1st Baron Dudley	30 September 1487
date of death	Wilhelm Wilmers (b. at Boke in Westphalia, 30 January 1817; d. at Roermond, Netherlands, 9 May 1899) was a German Jesuit Professor of philosophy and theology.	Wilhelm Wilmers	9 May 1899
date of death	Harry Brearley (18 February 1871 -- 14 July 1948) was an English metallurgist, usually credited with the invention of ``rustless steel'' (later to be called ``stainless steel'' in the anglophone world).	Harry Brearley	14 July 1948
date of death	Medet Serhat (1943, Iğdır -- 12 December 1994, Istanbul) was a Turkish lawyer of Kurdish descent, from an aristocratic family of Igdir branch of widely spread Retkan tribe.	Medet Serhat	12 December 1994
date of death	Pei Songzhi (372--451), courtesy name Shiqi, was a historian and politician who lived in the late Eastern Jin dynasty and the Liu Song dynasty.	Pei Songzhi	451
date of death	Peter Winter (baptized 28 August 1754 -- 17 October 1825) was a German opera composer who followed Mozart and preceded Weber, acting as a bridge between the two in the development of German opera.	Peter Winter	17 October 1825
date of death	Toki Jurozayemon Mitsuchika (died 1582) was a retainer of the Akechi clan and relative of Akechi Mitsuhide.	Toki Jurozayemon Mitsuchika	1582
date of death	Paula Preradović (12 October 1887 -- 25 May 1951), known professionally as Paula von Preradović or by her married name as Paula Molden, was an Austrian writer and poet.	Paula von Preradović	25 May 1951
date of death	Cao Juru (Chinese: 曹菊如) (May 1901 -- January 1981) was the 2nd governor of the People's Bank of China (1954--1964).	Cao Juru	January 1981
date of death	Herbert W. Armstrong (31 July 1892 -- 16 January 1986) founded the Radio Church of God which was incorporated 21 October 1933 and was renamed Worldwide Church of God 1 June 1968, as well as starting Ambassador College (later Ambassador University) 8 October 1947.	Herbert W. Armstrong	16 January 1986
date of death	George Charles of Hesse-Kassel (8 January 1691 in Kassel -- 5 March 1755) was a prince of Hesse-Kassel and a Prussian General.	George Charles of Hesse-Kassel	5 March 1755
date of death	Clemens Scheitz (2 September 1899 -- 24 October 1980) was a German musician and actor who appeared in the Werner Herzog films The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser (1974), Heart of Glass (1976), Stroszek (1977) and Nosferatu the Vampyre (1979).	Clemens Scheitz	24 October 1980
date of death	Premchand (pronounced (mʊnʃi preːm t͡ʃənd̪)) (31 July 1880 -- 8 October 1936), better known as Munshi Premchand, Munshi being an honorary prefix, was an Indian writer famous for his modern Hindustani literature.	Premchand	8 October 1936
date of death	George Seawright (c. 1951 - 3 December 1987) was a controversial unionist politician and paramilitary in Northern Ireland who was assassinated by the Irish People's Liberation Organisation (IPLO) during the Troubles.	George Seawright	3 December 1987
date of death	Saint Paulinus of Trier (died 358) was bishop of Trier and a supporter of Athanasius in the conflict with Arianism.	Paulinus of Trier	358
date of death	Jean de Liège, (c.1330-1381) was a 14th-century sculptor of Flemish origin, mainly active in France, who specialized in funerary sculptures.	Jean de Liège	1381
date of death	Max Grünhut (7 July 1893 -- 6 February 1964) was a German-British legal scholar and criminologist.	Max Grünhut	6 February 1964
date of death	Anna Cheyne (1926 - 2002) was an artist and sculptor was born and educated in England but moved to Northern Ireland after her marriage to architect Donald Cheyne.	Anna Cheyne	2002
date of death	Zhang Zongcang (Chinese: 张宗苍; 1686--1756), courtesy name as Mocun, is a famed Chinese landscape painter in the Qing Dynasty.	Zhang Zongcang	1756
date of death	Mervyn Hamilton Rylance (1906--1983) was a rugby union player and architect in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Mervyn Hamilton Rylance	1983
date of death	Alfred Woodroffe (1 September 1918 -- 23 July 1964) was an English cricketer active in first-class cricket from 1947--1948.	Alfred Woodroffe	23 July 1964
date of death	Guy Sircello (1936--1992) was an American philosopher best known for his analytic approach to philosophical aesthetics.	Guy Sircello	1992
date of death	Tanchelm (died 1115), also known as Tanchelm of Antwerp, Tanchelijn, Tanquelin or Tanchelin, was a heretical itinerant preacher, critical of the established Roman Catholic church, active in the Low Countries around the turn of the 11th and 12th centuries.	Tanchelm	1115
date of death	Benjamin Mandel (1887-August 8, 1973) AKA ``Bert Miller'' was a New York city school teacher and activist who later became a director of research for the House Un-American Activities Committee and the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee.	Benjamin Mandel	1973
date of death	Reuben Sturman (1924 -- October 27, 1997) was an American pornographer and businessman from Ohio.	Reuben Sturman	1997
date of death	Giuseppe Leggiadri Gallani (1516--1590) was an Italian poet and dramatist.	Giuseppe Leggiadri Gallani	1590
date of death	Raymond Furnell (18 May 1936 -- 10 July 2006) was the Dean of York Minster from 1994 to 2003.	Raymond Furnell	10 July 2006
date of death	Cassius Chaerea (died 41) served as a centurion in the army of Germanicus and in the Praetorian Guard under the emperor Caligula, whom he eventually assassinated in January 41.	Cassius Chaerea	41
date of death	William A. Mathews (1800--1856) was a 19th-century Texas colonist, soldier, courier and quartermaster in the Texas Revolution.	William A. Mathews	1856
date of death	Samyeongdang (1544--1610), also known by his dharma name Yujeong, was a Korean Buddhist monk during the Joseon era.	Yujeong	1610
date of death	Sim Var (Khmer: ស៊ឹម វ៉ា; 2 February 1906 -- October 1989) was a Cambodian politician.	Sim Var	October 1989
date of death	Edward Bertram Johnston (11 January 1880 -- 6 September 1942), known as Bertie Johnston, was the Western Australian Legislative Assembly member for Williams-Narrogin from 1911 to 1928, and a Senator from 1929 until 1942.	Bertie Johnston	6 September 1942
date of death	Johannes Hermanus Michiel Kock (Graaf-Reinet, 1835 - Elandslaagte 1899) was a Boer general and soldier.	Johannes Hermanus Michiel Kock	1899
date of death	Pere Salvatge or Peire/Peyre Salvagge was a Catalan troubadour of the late thirteenth century (fl. 1280--1287).	Pere Salvatge	1287
date of death	Joseph-Édouard Barès (27 November 1872 -- 27 August 1954) was a French general and a pioneer of military aviation.	Édouard Barès	27 August 1954
date of death	Benjamin Booth (1732--1806) was an English director of the East India Company and art collector.	Benjamin Booth	1806
date of death	George Manners-Sutton (1 August 1751 -- 15 February 1804) was a British politician, the eldest son of Lord George Manners-Sutton.	George Manners-Sutton	15 February 1804
date of death	Edmund Schuster (7 September 1851 -- 5 July 1932) was a German engineer and mathematician who contributed to the field of special functions and complex analysis being a pioneer in the field of harmonic analysis.	Edmund Schuster	5 July 1932
date of death	Joseph Jenkins (27 February 1818 -- 26 September 1898), was an educated tenant farmer from Tregaron, Ceredigion, mid-Wales who, when aged over 50, suddenly deserted his home and large family to seek his fortune in Australia.	Joseph Jenkins	26 September 1898
date of death	Rodger Head (20 June 1939 -- 8 July 2012) was an Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda in the Victorian Football League during the 1960s.	Rodger Head	8 July 2012
date of death	Thomas Butler, 1st Baron Cahir or Caher (died 1558) was an Irish peer.	Thomas Butler, 1st Baron Cahir	1558
date of death	Francis Edward Paget (1806--1882) was an English clergyman and author.	Francis Edward Paget	1882
date of death	Christopher Nyholm Shawcross, KC (20 June 1905 -- 18 August 1973) was a British lawyer and Labour politician.	Christopher Nyholm Shawcross	18 August 1973
date of death	Gerhard Alois Westrick (1889--1957) was a German lawyer and businessman who represented several major American companies in Germany before World War II. He was known for his efforts during a trip to New York in 1940 to gain support for the Nazi government.	Gerhard Alois Westrick	1957
date of death	Andrey Aleksandrovich Gershun (Russian: Андре́й Алекса́ндрович Ге́ршун, 22 October 1903 -- 6 December 1952) was a Soviet physicist, well known for his works in Photometric and Optics, one of the founders of Vavilov State Optical Institute Hydrooptics Science School.	Andrey Aleksandrovich Gershun	6 December 1952
date of death	Yeh Ming-hsun (25 September 1913 -- 21 November 2009), was a Chinese journalist and newspaper editor.	Yeh Ming-hsun	21 November 2009
date of death	Yohanan Levi (Hebrew: יוחנן לוי‎; born 1901, died 20 July 1945) was a Hebrew linguist and historian, specialising in the Second Temple period.	Yohanan Levi	20 July 1945
date of death	Eric Meadus (1931--1970) was an English artist whose work was exhibited in the Royal Academy and Paris Salon.	Eric Meadus	1970
date of death	Captain Thomas Harwood (died 1652) was a Virginia soldier, landowner and politician.	Thomas Harwood	1652
date of death	Paul Yuzyk (24 June 1913 -- 9 July 1986) was a Canadian historian and Senator remembered as the ``father of multiculturalism.''	Paul Yuzyk	9 July 1986
date of death	Bhulabhai Desai (13 October 1877 -- 6 May 1946) was an Indian independence activist and acclaimed lawyer.	Bhulabhai Desai	6 May 1946
date of death	Joseph Victor Viviand-Morel (1843, born near Lons-le-Saunier -- 28 December 1915, Lyon) was a French horticulturist and gardener.	Joseph Victor Viviand-Morel	28 December 1915
date of death	Jan Frans van Dael or Jean-François van Dael (27 May 1764 -- 20 March 1840) was a Flemish painter and lithographer specializing in still lifes of flowers and fruit.	Jan Frans van Dael	20 March 1840
date of death	William Holme Van Buren (born in Philadelphia, 5 April 1819; died in New York, 25 March 1883) was an American surgeon.	William Holme Van Buren	25 March 1883
date of death	Jack Hood (17 December 1902 -- 1 July 1992) was a British boxer who was British and European welterweight champion in the 1920s and 1930s.	Jack Hood	1 July 1992
date of death	The Blessed Hugh Faringdon O.S.B. (died 1539), earlier known as Hugh Cook, later as Hugh Cook alias Faringdon and Hugh Cook of Faringdon, was a Benedictine monk who presided as the last Abbot of Reading Abbey in the English town of Reading.	Hugh Cook alias Faringdon	1539
date of death	Gonzalo, Duke of Aquitaine (5 June 1937 -- 27 May 2000) (Gonzalo Víctor Alfonso José Bonifacio Antonio María y Todos los Santos de Borbón y Dampierre, was a grandson of King Alfonso XIII of Spain.	Gonzalo, Duke of Aquitaine	27 May 2000
date of death	Gino D'Auri (1937 -- 26 January 2007) was an Italian flamenco, fusion and classical guitarist.	Gino D'Auri	26 January 2007
date of death	Helaman Pratt (31 May 1846 -- 26 November 1909) was an early leader of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the U.S. states of Nevada and Utah and later in Mexico.	Helaman Pratt	26 November 1909
date of death	Maurice Wilk was a well-known American violinist who performed as a member of the Alma Trio from 1953 until his sudden death in 1963.	Maurice Wilk	1963
date of death	Halla Pai Huhm (alternately, Halla Huhm or Pai Halla; 1922--1994) was a Korean-American dancer and the most well-known teacher of Korean dance in Hawaii.	Halla Pai Huhm	1994
date of death	George Francis Stewart PC (1 November 1851 -- 12 August 1928), known as G. F. Stewart, was an Irish land agent and public servant.	G. F. Stewart	12 August 1928
date of death	Jin Xuan (died 209), courtesy name Yuanji (元機), was a minor warlord and Administrator of Wuling Commandery in the late Eastern Han Dynasty.	Jin Xuan	209
date of death	Sir John Anstruther, 4th Baronet and 1st Baronet PC (27 March 1753 -- 26 January 1811) was a Scottish politician.	Sir John Anstruther, 4th Baronet	26 January 1811
date of death	Charles Steffen (1927 - 1995) was a self-taught artist from Chicago, Illinois.	Charles Steffen	1995
date of death	Sidney Bradshaw Fay (13 April 1876 in Washington, D.C. -- 29 August 1967 in Lexington, Massachusetts) was an American historian, whose examination of the causes of World War I, The Origins of the World War (1928; revised edition 1930) remains a classic study.	Sidney Bradshaw Fay	29 August 1967
date of death	Mischa Auer (17 November 1905 -- 5 March 1967) was a Russian-born American actor who moved to Hollywood in the late 1920s.	Mischa Auer	5 March 1967
date of death	Noah Buxton (6 November 1876 -- 26 May 1967) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire between 1902 and 1911.	Noah Buxton	26 May 1967
date of death	Antonio Circignani (1560--1620) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance (Mannerism) period and early Baroque.	Antonio Circignani	1620
date of death	James Grainger (c. 1721--1766) Scottish doctor, poet and translator, is well-known figure in 18th-century English literature.	James Grainger	1766
date of death	Alby O'Connor (23 October 1893 -- 28 August 1944) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alby O'Connor	28 August 1944
date of death	James Rivers (1603 -- 8 June 1641) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640.	James Rivers	8 June 1641
date of death	Laura Gardin Fraser (1889--1966) was an American sculptor and the wife of sculptor James Earle Fraser.	Laura Gardin Fraser	1966
date of death	Aed mac Donn Ó Sochlachain (died 1226) was Erenagh of Cong and an Irish musician.	Aed mac Donn Ó Sochlachain	1226
date of death	Kasinather Saunthararajah S.C., P.B.M. (3 March 1930 -- 17 June 2010), known professionally as K. S. Rajah, was a Senior Counsel and Judicial Commissioner of the Supreme Court of Singapore.	K. S. Rajah	17 June 2010
date of death	Thomas de Thelwall (died 1382) was an English judge and Crown official who spent part of his career in Ireland, where he held office as Master of the Rolls in Ireland and clerk to the Privy Council of Ireland.	Thomas de Thelwall	1382
date of death	Henry A. G. Lee (c. 1818 -- 1851) was a soldier and politician in Oregon Country in the 1840s.	Henry A. G. Lee	1851
date of death	Hans Lewy (20 October 1904 -- 23 August 1988) was a German born American mathematician, known for his work on partial differential equations and on the theory of functions of several complex variables.	Hans Lewy	23 August 1988
date of death	Harry Iauko (died 10 December 2012) was a ni-Vanuatu politician.	Harry Iauko	10 December 2012
date of death	Dagobert Friedländer (19 February 1826 -- 27 June 1904) was a banker and one of only two Jewish members of the House of Lords of Prussia.	Dagobert Friedländer	27 June 1904
date of death	Eiríkur Benedikz (1907-1988) was an Icelandic scholar, diplomat and book collector.	Eiríkur Benedikz	1988
date of death	Sir John Eldon Bankes GCB PC KC LLD (17 April 1854-31 December 1946) was a Welsh judge of the King's Bench Division of the High Court of Justice, and later the Lord Justice of Appeal.	John Eldon Bankes	1946
date of death	Eleanor of Sicily (1325--1375) was Queen of Aragon from 1349 until 1375 as the third wife of King Peter IV.	Eleanor of Sicily	1375
date of death	John H. Dessauer, also known as Hans Dessauer, (13 May 1905 -- 12 August 1993) was a German-American chemical engineer and an innovator in developing xerography.	John H. Dessauer	12 August 1993
date of death	Jean-Albert Dinkespiler (1927-2014) was a French engineer and former Chief of the European Joint Research Centre.	Jean-Albert Dinkespiler	2014
date of death	Andrey Tissin (Russian: Андрей Тиссин; 5 July 1975 -- 1 March 2008) was a Russian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s and early 2000s (decade).	Andrey Tissin	1 March 2008
date of death	Alfred Métraux (5 November 1902 -- 11 April 1963) was a Swiss anthropologist, ethnologist and human rights leader.	Alfred Métraux	11 April 1963
date of death	Bernard Holden MBE (15 March 1908 -- 4 October 2012) was a twentieth century railway engineer and manager with Southern and British Railways and a founding father of standard gauge railway preservation in the United Kingdom.	Bernard Holden	4 October 2012
date of death	Conall mac Máele Coba, called Conall Cóel, (died 654) was an Irish king and is said to have been High King of Ireland.	Conall Cóel	654
date of death	Suhita or Soheeta was a Javanese queen regnant and the sixth monarch of the Majapahit empire, ruling from 1429 to 1447.	Suhita	1447
date of death	Cyrus Nutt (4 September 1814 Trumbull County, Ohio - 23 August 1875 Bloomington, Indiana) served as the fifth president of Indiana University.	Cyrus Nutt	23 August 1875
date of death	Emanuel Ninger (1845 -- 1924), known as ``Jim the Penman'', was a counterfeiter in the late 1880s.	Emanuel Ninger	1924
date of death	Nicholas of Ilok (Bosnian and Croatian: Nikola Iločki, Hungarian: Újlaki Miklós; 1410--1477) was Ban of Croatia, Slavonia, Dalmatia and Macsó, Voivode of Transylvania and titular King of Bosnia from 1471 until his death.	Nicholas of Ilok	1477
date of death	Eleanor Ambrose (1718--1816) was a celebrated beauty and Catholic heiress.	Eleanor Ambrose	1816
date of death	Rededi, Rededia, Rededya or Ridada (died 1022) was a legendary leader of the Kassogians, a Circassian tribe from the North Caucasus.	Rededya	1022
date of death	Enrique Serrano (1891--1965) was an Argentine actor and comedian in the 1940s and 1950s.	Enrique Serrano	1965
date of death	Bernard N. Fields (March 24, 1938 -- January 31, 1995) was an American microbiologist and virologist.	Bernard N. Fields	1995
date of death	Moedomo Soedigdomarto, also spelled Mudomo Sudigdomarto, (29 November 1927, Magetan -- 5 November 2005, Bandung) was an Indonesian mathematician, educator and professor at the Bandung Institute of Technology, of which he was president (rektor, for explanation, see Rector (academia)).	Moedomo Soedigdomarto	5 November 2005
date of death	Nathan Cohn (2 January 1907 -- 16 November 1989) was an American electrical engineer, who was best known for his contributions to the control of interconnected electric power systems.	Nathan Cohn	16 November 1989
date of death	James Stawpert (c1775-1814) was a Newcastle based brewer's clerk/songwriter of the early 19th century.	James Stawpert	1814
date of death	Otis Ruel Redinger (December 31, 1896 -- September 1969) was a professional football player who played 1 season in the National Football League, with the Canton Bulldogs.	Ruel Redinger	September 1969
date of death	Jean de Gribaldy (18 July 1922 -- 2 January 1987) was a French road cyclist and directeur sportif.	Jean de Gribaldy	2 January 1987
date of death	Hermann Görtz (15 November 1890 -- 23 May 1947) was a German spy in Britain and Ireland before and during World War II.	Hermann Görtz	23 May 1947
date of death	Ibrahim El-Gohary (died 31 May 1795) is a famous Copt who was Egypt's prime minister during the second half of the 18th century.	Ibrahim El-Gohary	31 May 1795
date of death	Prof William Fisher Cassie (usually referred to simply as Fisher Cassie in his field and as Bill Cassie by his friends) FRSE CBE LLD (1905-1985) was a British civil engineer and academic.	William Fisher Cassie	1985
date of death	Baron Johann Rudolf de Steiger (or de Steiguer) (1778- † 1834) was a Swiss nobleman who immigrated to the United States in the 19th century.	Johann Rudolf de Steiger	1834
date of death	Edgar Tolson (1904--1984) was a woodcarver from Kentucky who became a well-known folk artist.	Edgar Tolson	1984
date of death	Ernest Favenc (21 October 1845 -- 14 November 1908) was an explorer of Australia, a journalist and historian.	Ernest Favenc	14 November 1908
date of death	Georg Braun (also Brunus, Bruin; 1541 -- 10 March 1622) was a topo-geographer.	Georg Braun	10 March 1622
date of death	Julia Severance (1877-1972) was an artist mainly known for her contributions in transforming the College Seal for Oberlin College.	Julia Severance	1972
date of death	Dr Gavin Brown Clark (1846 - 5 July 1930) was the MP for Caithness from 1885 to 1900.	Gavin Brown Clark	5 July 1930
date of death	Hendrik Lodewijk Drucker (Amsterdam, 11 August 1857 -- The Hague, 5 September 1917) was a Dutch liberal politician of the Free-thinking Democratic League.	Hendrik Lodewijk Drucker	5 September 1917
date of death	Nell Martin (1890--1961) was an American author from Illinois specializing in light-hearted mysteries and short stories.	Nell Martin	1961
date of death	John Shene (January 17, 1901 -- January 1968) was an American bobsledder who competed in the 1930s.	John Shene	January 1968
date of death	Olive Price (1903--1991) was an American writer of books and plays for children.	Olive Price	1991
date of death	Arthur Sanger (26 March 1918 -- 3 December 1999) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Arthur Sanger	3 December 1999
date of death	Hanne Kjærholm (24 May 1930, Hjørring -- 22 June 2009) was a Danish architect who also taught at the Danish Academy, where she became a professor in 1989.	Hanne Kjærholm	22 June 2009
date of death	Albert von Kölliker (born Rudolf Albert Kölliker; 6 July 1817 -- 2 November 1905) was a Swiss anatomist, physiologist, and histologist.	Albert von Kölliker	2 November 1905
date of death	Zhang Miao (died 195), courtesy name Mengzhuo, was an official who lived in the late Eastern Han dynasty.	Zhang Miao	195
date of death	Sahib I Giray, Sahib Khan Girai (1501--1551) -- a khan of the Crimean Khanate in 1532 --1551.	Sahib I Giray	1551
date of death	Francesco da Urbino (1545--1582) was an Italian painter and artist.	Francesco da Urbino	1582
date of death	Sylvia Lynd (née Dryhurst) (1888 -- 21 February 1952 ) was a poet, essayist, short story writer and novelist.	Sylvia Lynd	21 February 1952
date of death	William Broughton Carr (1836--1909), was a British author and beekeeper.	William Broughton Carr	1909
date of death	Father John Ikataere Rarikin, MSC (5 January 1944 − 8 February 2014) was a Roman Catholic priest who served as the Ecclesiastical Superior of the Mission Sui Iuris of Funafuti since 2010 to 2002.	John Ikataere Rarikin	8 February 2014
date of death	Albert Pike Lucas (1862--1945) was an American landscape, figure, and portrait painter; also a sculptor.	Albert Pike Lucas	1945
date of death	James Brome (died 1719) was an English clergyman and travel writer.	James Brome	1719
date of death	John Alexander Scott Coutts (9 December 1902 -- 5 August 1962), better known by the pseudonym John Willie, was the artist, fetish photographer, editor, and publisher of the soft-porn cult magazine Bizarre.	John Willie	5 August 1962
date of death	Harry Angelman (13 August 1915 -- 8 August 1996) was a British consultant paediatrician who identified Angelman Syndrome.	Harry Angelman	8 August 1996
date of death	Blessed Giovanni Battista Mazzucconi (1 March 1826 -- 7 September 1855) was an Italian priest from the Pontifical Institute for Foreign Missions.	Giovanni Battista Mazzucconi	7 September 1855
date of death	Ulderico Carpegna (24 June 1595 -- 24 January 1679) was an Italian jurist and Cardinal.	Ulderico Carpegna	24 January 1679
date of death	Zheng Lücheng (Chinese 郑律成, Korean 정률성, Kwangju; 13 August 1918 -- 7 December 1976) was a Korea-born Chinese composer.	Zheng Lücheng	7 December 1976
date of death	John Hodgkins DD (died 1560) was an English suffragan bishop.	John Hodgkins	1560
date of death	Bernardo Schiaffino (1678 -- 6 May 1725) was an Italian sculptor of the Baroque period, active mainly in his natal city of Genoa.	Bernardo Schiaffino	6 May 1725
date of death	Hugh de Mapenor (or Hugh de Mapenore; died April 1219) was a medieval Bishop of Hereford.	Hugh de Mapenor	April 1219
date of death	Gustafva Sofia Hjärne (4 July 1780 -- 6 December 1860), was a Finnish baroness, writer and salon holder.	Sofia Hjärne	6 December 1860
date of death	William Willoughby, 1st Baron Willoughby of Parham (c.1515 -- 30 July 1570) was an English nobleman and soldier who in 1547 was made an hereditary peer of the House of Lords.	William Willoughby, 1st Baron Willoughby of Parham	30 July 1570
date of death	Galan Erilich was a king of the Picts from 510 to 522.	Galan Erilich	522
date of death	Giuseppe Aonzo (1887-1954) was an Italian sailor famous for his involvement in the Battle of Premuda.	Giuseppe Aonzo	1954
date of death	John Evelyn Denison, 1st Viscount Ossington PC (27 January 1800 -- 7 March 1873) was a British statesman.	Evelyn Denison, 1st Viscount Ossington	7 March 1873
date of death	Pieter de Ring, or Ryng (1615/1620 -- 22 September 1660) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of still lifes.	Pieter de Ring	1660
date of death	William Gerard Barry (1864 in Ballyadam, Carrigtwohill -- 9 September 1941) was an Irish painter.	William Gerard Barry	9 September 1941
date of death	David McCheyne Newell (23 March 1898 -- 1986) was an American journalist, novelist, and children's writer perhaps most famous for his books regarding early twentieth century rural life in western central Florida.	David McCheyne Newell	1986
date of death	Du Bois Agett (1796--1866) was an early settler in Western Australia.	Du Bois Agett	1866
date of death	James Henry Young (15 May 1834 -- 9 May 1908) was an Australian colonial businessman and politician and Speaker of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly.	James Henry Young	1908
date of death	William Moise (1922--1980) was a visual artist, primarily an abstract impressionist painter, working in a regionalist style.	William Moise	1980
date of death	Sir James Perrot (1571 -- 4 February 1636) was a Welsh writer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1597 and 1629.	James Perrot	4 February 1636
date of death	Pieter Arnout Dijxhoorn (1810--1839), a Dutch marine painter, was born at Rotterdam in 1810.	Pieter Arnout Dijxhoorn	1839
date of death	Richard Brydges Beechey (1808 -- 14 March 1895) was an Anglo-Irish painter and Admiral in the Royal Navy.	Richard Brydges Beechey	14 March 1895
date of death	Ram Niwas Mirdha (24 August 1924 -- 29 January 2010) was an Indian politician from Rajasthan.	Ram Niwas Mirdha	29 January 2010
date of death	Richard Henry Williams (June 13, 1852 -- 1924) was a Canadian lumber merchant and political figure in the province of Saskatchewan.	Richard Henry Williams	1924
date of death	Moses Hull (1836--1907) was a minister for the Seventh-day Adventist Church in the 19th century, who later became a Spiritualist lecturer and author.	Moses Hull	1907
date of death	James Thomason (born 3 May 1804, Great Shelford, near Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England died 27 September 1853, Bareilly, India) was a British colonial governor.	James Thomason	27 September 1853
date of death	Joe Cockroft (20 June 1911--February 1994) was an English footballer.	Joe Cockroft	February 1994
date of death	Achille Eugène Finet (1863, Argenteuil -- 1913, París) was a French botanist best known for his study of orchids native to Japan and China.	Achille Eugène Finet	1913
date of death	William Bedell Stanford (16 January 1910 -- 30 December 1984) was an Irish classical scholar and senator.	William Bedell Stanford	30 December 1984
date of death	Rajesh Pilot died on 11 June 2000 in a car accident near Jaipur.	Rajesh Pilot	11 June 2000
date of death	Liu Yuxi (Wade-Giles: Liu Yü-hsi; simplified Chinese: 刘禹锡; traditional Chinese: 劉禹錫; pinyin: Liú Yǔxī) (772--842) was a Chinese poet, philosopher, and essayist, active during the Tang Dynasty.	Liu Yuxi	842
date of death	Alfred M. Moen (27 December 1916 -- 17 April 2001) was an American inventor and founder of Moen, Inc. He invented the single-handed mixing faucet.	Alfred M. Moen	17 April 2001
date of death	Joshua Brookes (24 November 1761 -- 10 January 1833) was a British anatomist and naturalist.	Joshua Brookes	10 January 1833
date of death	Alexander Sauli, C.R.S.P. (15 February 1534 -- 11 October 1592), was an Italian priest, who is called the ``Apostle of Corsica''.	Alexander Sauli	11 October 1592
date of death	Waman Raghunath Shennoi Varde Valaulikar (23 June 1877 -- 9 April 1946) known popularly as Shenoi Goembab was a noted Konkani writer and activist.	Shenoi Goembab	9 April 1946
date of death	Osborne Reynolds FRS (/ˈrɛnəldz/; 23 August 1842 -- 21 February 1912) was a prominent innovator in the understanding of fluid dynamics.	Osborne Reynolds	21 February 1912
date of death	Amédée Galzin (1 May 1853, Parrinet, Aveyron -- 14 February 1925, Parrinet) was a French veterinarian and mycologist.	Amédée Galzin	14 February 1925
date of death	George Kovalenko, SJ (born in 1900, Russian Empire - died on 5 November 1975, Rome, Italy) was a Russian Jesuit, a priest of the Catholic Church and a member of Russian apostolate.	George Kovalenko	5 November 1975
date of death	Pedro Eugênio de Castro Toledo Cabral (29 March 1949 -- 20 April 2015) was a Brazilian politician who was an MP from 1998 to 2014.	Pedro Eugênio	20 April 2015
date of death	William Wriothesley or Wrythe (pronunciation uncertain: /ˈraɪzli/ RYE-zlee (archaic), /ˈrɒtsli/ ROTT-slee (present-day) and /ˈraɪəθsli/ RYE-əths-lee have been suggested) (died 1513) was an officer of arms at the College of Arms in London.	William Wriothesley	1513
date of death	Gaero of Baekje (?--475, 455--475) was the 21st king of Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Gaero of Baekje	475
date of death	Mao Wenlong (1579--1629), courtesy name Zhennan, was a Chinese military general of the Ming dynasty.	Mao Wenlong	1629
date of death	Anglurah Agung (died 31 October 1686) was a king of Gelgel, the paramount kingdom on Bali, who ruled at a time when the political unity of the island began to break down.	Anglurah Agung	31 October 1686
date of death	Lorne Kidd Smith (1880 -- c. 1966) was a Canadian painter best known for his scenes from the War of 1812.	Lorne Kidd Smith	1966
date of death	John Wallop, 2nd Earl of Portsmouth (29 June 1742 -- 16 May 1797), styled Hon. John Wallop from 1743 to 1749 and Viscount Lymington from 1749 to 1762, was a British nobleman.	John Wallop, 2nd Earl of Portsmouth	16 May 1797
date of death	Wei Yuanzhong (魏元忠) (died 707), né Wei Zhenzai (魏真宰), formally Duke Zhen of Qi (齊貞公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty, serving as chancellor during the reigns of Wu Zetian and her son Emperor Zhongzong.	Wei Yuanzhong	707
date of death	John Netterville, 2nd Viscount Netterville (c.1603-1659) was an Irish peer, soldier and statesman.	John Netterville, 2nd Viscount Netterville	1659
date of death	Charles Mulford Robinson (1869--1917) was a journalist and a writer who became famous as a pioneering Urban Planning theorist.	Charles Mulford Robinson	1917
date of death	Gendün Druppa (Tibetan: དགེ་འདུན་གྲུབ་པ།, Wylie: dge 'dun grub pa, 1391--1474) was considered posthumously to be the 1st Dalai Lama.	1st Dalai Lama	1474
date of death	Nat Langham (20 May 1820 -- 1 September 1871) was an English middleweight bare-knuckle prize fighter.	Nat Langham	1 September 1871
date of death	Eloise Jelinek (February 2, 1924, Dallas - December 21, 2007, Tucson) was an American linguist specializing in the study of syntax.	Eloise Jelinek	2007
date of death	Bryan Ranft (14 July 1917 -- 14 April 2001) was an historian of the Royal Navy, who served as Professor of History and International Affairs at the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, 1967-1977.	Bryan Ranft	14 April 2001
date of death	Mauritius Renninger (8 June 1905 - 22 December 1987) was a German theoretical physicist noted for his work on crystallography and x-ray optics.	Mauritius Renninger	22 December 1987
date of death	Francesco Zucchi (Italian pronunciation: (franˈtʃesko ˈdzukki); Venice, 1692-1764), was an Italian engraver, active mainly in Northern Italy.	Francesco Zucchi	1764
date of death	Étienne de Carheil (20 November 1633 -- 27 July 1726) was a French Jesuit priest who became a missionary to the Iroquois and Huron Indians in the New World.	Étienne de Carheil	27 July 1726
date of death	Nathaniel Penistone Davis (1895-1973) was an American career diplomat.	Nathaniel Penistone Davis	1973
date of death	Ivo Perović (1882 − 1958) was Regent of Yugoslavia for the underage Peter II from 1934 to 1941.	Ivo Perović	1958
date of death	Edward England, born Edward Seegar (c.1685--1721) was a famous African coast and Indian Ocean pirate captain from 1717 to 1720.	Edward England	1720
date of death	Ivor Lloyd Tuckett (1873--1942) was a British professor of physiology, physician, and author.	Ivor Lloyd Tuckett	1942
date of death	Ovitigala Vithanage Samantha aka Samantha Vithanage (died 2002) was a third year Management student of the University of Sri Jayewardenepura, Sri Lanka, who pioneered an anti-ragging campaign, and was killed on 7 November 2002 while in a discussion to stop the brutal practice of ragging in the faculty.	Samantha Vithanage	2002
date of death	Sir Charles Eyre (died 1729) was an administrator of the British East India Company and founder of Fort William, Calcutta.	Charles Eyre	1729
date of death	Josip Vandot (15 January 1884 -- 11 July 1944) was a Slovene writer and poet who wrote mainly for young readers.	Josip Vandot	11 July 1944
date of death	Alexis Korner (19 April 1928 -- 1 January 1984) was a British blues musician and radio broadcaster, who has sometimes been referred to as ``a founding father of British blues''.	Alexis Korner	1 January 1984
date of death	David Arugete (3 April 1921 -- 1 December 1968), commonly known under his pseudonym Darío Moreno, was a Turkish polyglot singer, an accomplished composer, lyricist, and guitarist.	Darío Moreno	1 December 1968
date of death	Avraham Deutsch (Hebrew: אברהם דויטש‎, born 1889, died 25 May 1953) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Agudat Yisrael between 1951 and 1953.	Avraham Deutsch	25 May 1953
date of death	Pierre-Paulin Gourrège (Bordeaux, 9 June 1749 -- near Cadiz, 27 October 1805) was a French Navy officer and captain.	Pierre-Paulin Gourrège	27 October 1805
date of death	Petru Giovacchini (1 February 1910 - 29 September 1955) was a Corsican activist, born in Canale-di-Verde to an old noble Corsican family with deep-rooted pro-Italian feelings.	Petru Giovacchini	29 September 1955
date of death	Boris (Hungarian: Borisz; c. 1114 -- c. 1154), also known as Boris Kalamanos (Greek: Βορίσης Καλαμάνος, Russian: Борис Коломанович) was a claimant to the Hungarian throne in the middle of the 12th century.	Boris Kalamanos	1154
date of death	Denis-Nicolas Le Nourry (18 February 1647 -- 24 March 1724) was a French Benedictine scholar of the Congregation of St-Maur, an ecclesiastical writer.	Denis-Nicolas Le Nourry	24 March 1724
date of death	Sir Bartholomew Shower (1658--1701) was an English lawyer and politician, Recorder of London and a prominent High Tory.	Bartholomew Shower	1701
date of death	Ubalda García de Cañete (1807--1890) was the eldest daughter of the Paraguayan dictator José Gaspar Rodríguez de Francia.	Ubalda García de Cañete	1890
date of death	Jean-Baptiste Pillement (24 May 1728 -- 26 April 1808) was a painter and designer, known for his exquisite and delicate landscapes, but whose importance lies primarily in the engravings done after his drawings, and their influence in spreading the Rococo style and particularly the taste for chinoiserie throughout Europe.	Jean-Baptiste Pillement	26 April 1808
date of death	Harutyun Hanesyan (Armenian: Յարութիւն Հանէսեան; 1911 -- 1987) was an Armenian violist and composer.	Harutyun Hanesyan	1987
date of death	Miyoko Ito (27 April 1918-1983) was a Chicago artist known for her watercolor and abstract oil paintings and prints.	Miyoko Ito	1983
date of death	Nguyễn Trọng Xuyên (1926--2012) was a Việt Cộng, and later Vietnamese People's Army, general.	Nguyễn Trọng Xuyên	2012
date of death	Wilma Montesi (3 February 1932 -- 9 April 1953) was an Italian woman whose body was discovered near Rome.	Wilma Montesi	9 April 1953
date of death	Dattatreya Balkrushna Kalelkar (Devanagari: दत्तात्रेय बाळकृष्ण कालेलकर) (1 December 1895 -- 21 August 1981), popularly known as Kaka Kalelkar, was an Indian independence activist, social reformer and journalist.	Kaka Kalelkar	21 August 1981
date of death	Richard de Morville (died 1189), succeeded his father Hugh de Morville (died 1162) as Constable of Scotland and in his Scottish estates and English lands at Bozeat in Northamptonshire, and Rutland, as well as a number of feus of the Honour of Huntingdon.	Richard de Morville	1189
date of death	Alfred Rosling Bennett (1850 in Islington, London -- 24 May 1928 in Matlock, Derbyshire) was an English electrical engineer.	Alfred Rosling Bennett	24 May 1928
date of death	Dom Pedro Álvares Pereira (13?? -- 14 August 1385) was a Portuguese noble of the 14th century.	Pedro Álvares Pereira	14 August 1385
date of death	Frank Dalby Davison (23 June 1893 - 24 May 1970), also known as F.D. Davison and Freddie Davison, was an Australian novelist and short story writer.	Frank Dalby Davison	24 May 1970
date of death	Lee Rutland Scarborough (1870--1945) was an American Baptist pastor, evangelist, denominational leader and professor at the Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary.	Lee Rutland Scarborough	1945
date of death	Fu Zhensong (Fu Chen-sung) or Fu Qiankun (1872--1953) was a grandmaster of Wudangquan martial arts.	Fu Zhensong	1953
date of death	(Samuel Victor) Alberto Zelman (15 November 1874 -- 3 March 1927) was an Australian musician and conductor, and founder of the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra.	Alberto Zelman	3 March 1927
date of death	Berit Erbe (4 September 1923 -- 13 May 2009) was a Danish-Norwegian actress and theatrical historian.	Berit Erbe	13 May 2009
date of death	Pribislaw II (died: after 21 June 1316) was a prince from the Parchim-Richenberg line of the House of Mecklenburg.	Pribislaw II	1316
date of death	Hálfdan Narfason (died 1568), was an Icelandic priest and Galdrmaster.	Hálfdan Narfason	1568
date of death	Frederick Roy Goodall (31 December 1902 -- 19 January 1982) was a professional footballer, who played for Huddersfield Town for 16 years and played 25 games for England, 12 as captain.	Roy Goodall	19 January 1982
date of death	Garci Lasso de la Vega II, also known as ``El Joven'' ( ? - Burgos, 1351) was the son of Garci Lasso de la Vega ``El Viejo'' with his first wife, Juana de Castañeda.	Garci Lasso de la Vega II	1351
date of death	Arnaldo Orfila Reynal (1897--1997) was an Argentine-Mexican publisher.	Arnaldo Orfila Reynal	1997
date of death	Hans Jacobs (30 April 1907 - 24 October 1994) was a German sailplane designer and pioneer.	Hans Jacobs	24 October 1994
date of death	Aaron Solomon Gumperz (December 10, 1723 -- 1769) was a Jewish German scholar and physician.	Aaron Solomon Gumperz	1769
date of death	Orlando Norie (1832--1901), artist of military subjects, perhaps the most prolific painter of the British army in the 19th century along with Richard Simkin.	Orlando Norie	1901
date of death	Adam Johnston Fergusson Blair, PC (4 November 1815 -- 30 December 1867), known prior to 1862 as Adam Johnston Fergusson, was a Canadian lawyer and politician.	Adam Johnston Fergusson Blair	30 December 1867
date of death	Antoon van den Heuvel, Antoine van den Heuvel or Anton van den Heuvel (nickname: 'don Antonio') (c. 1600 -- 5 August 1677) was a Flemish history painter and draughtsman.	Antoon van den Heuvel	1677
date of death	Arhippa Perttunen (Russian: Архип Иванович Перттунен; Ladvozero village, now a part of the Republic of Karelia 1769 -- c. 1841) was a Karelian folk singer.	Arhippa Perttunen	1841
date of death	William Sanger (September 16, 1885 -- 1975), was an American doctor and past president of the Medical College of Virginia.	William Sanger	1975
date of death	Mira Mihelič, also known as Mira Kramer Puc (14 July 1912 -- 4 September 1985) was a Slovene writer and translator.	Mira Mihelič	4 September 1985
date of death	Kamekichi Tokita (1897--1948) was a Japanese American painter and diarist.	Kamekichi Tokita	1948
date of death	Bryan Faussett (1720--1776) was an English antiquary.	Bryan Faussett	1776
date of death	Charles Newton Little (1858--1923) was an American mathematician and civil engineer.	Charles Newton Little	1923
date of death	James Hamilton, 1st Duke of Hamilton KG PC (19 June 1606 -- 9 March 1649) was a Scottish nobleman and influential political and military leader during the Thirty Years' War and the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.	James Hamilton, 1st Duke of Hamilton	9 March 1649
date of death	Asher Hassin (Hebrew: אשר חסין‎‎, 7 July 1918 -- 27 March 1995) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai and its successors between 1959 and 1969.	Asher Hassin	27 March 1995
date of death	Carsten Tank-Nielsen (16 September 1877 -- 2 August 1957) was a Norwegian naval officer, submarine pioneer and Rear admiral.	Carsten Tank-Nielsen	2 August 1957
date of death	Vasilije Matić (12 June 1906 -- 20 August 1981) was a forestry expert from Yugoslavia.	Vasilije Matić	20 August 1981
date of death	Alice Betteridge (1901 at Sawyers Gully, near Maitland, New South Wales -- 1966, Woollahra) is known as the first deafblind child to be educated in Australia.	Alice Betteridge	1966
date of death	Addison Clark (1842--1911) was a co-founder and the first president of Texas Christian University (TCU).	Addison Clark	1911
date of death	Humphrey Middlemore, O.Cart, (died 19 June 1535) was an English Catholic priest and Carthusian hermit, who was executed for treason during the Tudor period.	Humphrey Middlemore	19 June 1535
date of death	Mobhí Clárainech (also Berchan; died 544) was an early monastic saint of Ireland, counted as one of the Twelve Apostles of Ireland.	Mobhí Clárainech	544
date of death	Thomas Fane, 6th Earl of Westmorland PC (3 October 1681 -- 4 June 1736), styled The Honourable Thomas Fane from 1691 to 1699, was a British peer and member of the House of Lords.	Thomas Fane, 6th Earl of Westmorland	1736
date of death	Though he protested his innocence during his staged group trial with 4 other 'co-conspirators,' and despite the protests of Western nations, Nikola Petkov was hanged on 23 September 1947 and buried in an unknown grave.	Nikola Petkov	23 September 1947
date of death	Meyer Mishkin (d 1999) was a Hollywood agent.	Meyer Mishkin	1999
date of death	Jack Sharpley (18 February 1906 -- 30 September 1968) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the VFL.	Jack Sharpley	30 September 1968
date of death	Reginald H. Jones (11 July 1917 - 30 December 2003 (aged 86)) was the chairman and CEO of General Electric from 1972 to 1981.	Reginald H. Jones	30 December 2003
date of death	Cecil J. Allen (1886-- 5 February 1973) was a British railway engineer and technical journalist and writer.	Cecil J. Allen	5 February 1973
date of death	Jeremiah Haralson (April 1, 1846 -- 1916), was among the first ten African-American Congressmen in the United States.	Jeremiah Haralson	1916
date of death	Emmott Robinson (16 November 1883 -- 17 November 1969) was an English first-class cricketer, who played for Yorkshire County Cricket Club from 1919 to 1931.	Emmott Robinson	17 November 1969
date of death	Mary Jennifer Guinness (née Hollwey; 22 August 1937 -- 23 January 2016), was an English-born Irish socialite and member of the Guinness family.	Jennifer Guinness	23 January 2016
date of death	Gaspar Torrente Español, (3 October 1888 in Campo, Ribagorza, Aragon - 21 March 1970 in Barcelona, Catalonia), was one of the early 20th century leaders and a founding father of Aragonese nationalism.	Gaspar Torrente	21 March 1970
date of death	Matilda of Frisia (died in 1044) was the first queen of Henry I, King of the Franks.	Matilda of Frisia	1044
date of death	Richard Teece (29 April 1847 -- 13 December 1928) was an Australian actuary, general manager and actuary of the Australian Mutual Provident Society.	Richard Teece	13 December 1928
date of death	That was the last historical reference to Li Maoxun, and it is not known when he died -- although he presumably died long before his son Li Keju, facing the mutiny by his officer Li Quanzhong, committed suicide along with his entire family, in 885.	Li Maoxun	885
date of death	Sir John Astley, 2nd Baronet (1687 -- 29 January 1772) was a longtime British politician.	Sir John Astley, 2nd Baronet	29 January 1772
date of death	Maxtla (Nahuatl pronunciation: MASH-LAH) was a Tepanec ruler (tlatoani) of Azcapotzalco from 1426 to his death in 1428.	Maxtla	1428
date of death	Amalia Küssner Coudert (March 26, 1863 -- May 1932) was an American miniaturist known for her portraits of prominent figures of the late 19th century including Caroline Astor, King Edward VII, Czar Nicholas II of Russia and Cecil Rhodes.	Amalia Küssner Coudert	May 1932
date of death	Niall MacGinnis (29 March 1913 -- 6 January 1977) was an Irish actor who made 80 screen appearances.	Niall MacGinnis	6 January 1977
date of death	Moses de León (c. 1250 -- 1305), known in Hebrew as Moshe ben Shem-Tov (משה בן שם-טוב די-ליאון), was a Spanish rabbi and Kabbalist who is considered the composer or redactor of the Zohar.	Moses de León	1305
date of death	Vilmos Hellebronth (24 February 1895 -- 20 May 1971) was a Hungarian soldier during World War II, after 16 October 1944, minister in Ferenc Szálasi's government.	Vilmos Hellebronth	20 May 1971
date of death	Sir Charles Malcolm Barclay-Harvey, KCMG (2 March 1890 -- 17 November 1969) was a British politician and Governor of South Australia from 12 August 1939 until 26 April 1944.	Malcolm Barclay-Harvey	17 November 1969
date of death	Charles Edward Long (28 July 1796 -- 25 September 1861), was an English genealogist and antiquary.	Charles Edward Long	25 September 1861
date of death	William Clubbe (or Clubb) (1745--1814) was an English clergyman and poetical writer.	William Clubbe	1814
date of death	Serena Lake (née Thorne) (28 October 1842 -- 9 July 1902) was an English Australian suffragist and evangelical preacher in South Australia.	Serena Lake	9 July 1902
date of death	John F. Carroll (1932 -- 1969) is one of 17 known people in medical history to have reached a height of 8 feet (2.4 m) or more.	John F. Carroll	1969
date of death	Aluf Aharon Remez (Hebrew: אהרן רמז‎, born 8 May 1919, died 3 April 1994) was an Israeli civil servant, politician and diplomat, and the second commander of the Israeli Air Force.	Aharon Remez	3 April 1994
date of death	Barry Ono (1876--1941) was a British variety theatre performer, collector of penny dreadfuls and benefactor of the British Library.	Barry Ono	1941
date of death	Jakob Hassler (18 December 1569 -- 1 January 1622) was a German Renaissance composer.	Jakob Hassler	1 January 1622
date of death	Eugen Ray (26 July 1957, Gebstedt, Hebbstedt, Germany -- 18 January 1986, Leipzig) was a former East German sprinter who ran in the 100 metres and 200 metres.	Eugen Ray	18 January 1986
date of death	James Colleton (d. c. 1706) was a governor of the English proprietary Province of Carolina from 1686 to 1690.	James Colleton	1706
date of death	Sir Christopher Staughton, PC (24 May 1933 - 15 October 2014) was a British barrister and judge, who sat as a justice of the High Court of Justice, Court of Appeal of England and Wales and President of the Court of Appeal of Gibraltar.	Christopher Staughton	15 October 2014
date of death	Norman Reilly Raine (23 June 1894 -- 19 July 1971) was the creator of ``Tugboat Annie'' and a prolific screenwriter who won an Oscar for the screenplay of The Life of Emile Zola (1937).	Norman Reilly Raine	19 July 1971
date of death	Gustav Hahn (27 July 1866 -- 1 December 1962) was a German Canadian painter, muralist and interior decorator who pioneered the Art Nouveau style in Canada.	Gustav Hahn	1 December 1962
date of death	Yehoshua Hankin (Hebrew: יהושע חנקין‎, 1864 -- 11 November 1945) was a Zionist activist who was responsible for most of the major land purchases of the Zionist Organization in Ottoman Palestine and Mandatory Palestine.	Yehoshua Hankin	11 November 1945
date of death	Merziye Feriqi (or Marziya Fariqi; Kurdish: مه‌رزیه فه‌ریقی‎, Merziye Ferîqî; Persian: مرضیه فریقی‎‎) (1958 -- 18 September 2005) was a Kurdish singer.	Merziye Feriqi	2005
date of death	Shmuel Merlin (Hebrew: שמואל מרלין‎, 1910 -- 4 October 1994) was a Revisionist Zionist activist, Irgun member and Israeli politician.	Shmuel Merlin	4 October 1994
date of death	Lyle Saxon (1891--1946) was a respected New Orleans writer and journalist who reported for The Times-Picayune.	Lyle Saxon	1946
date of death	Viktor Ferdinand Brotherus (28 October 1849, Sund, Åland -- 9 February 1929), Finnish botanist who studied the mosses (Bryophyta), best known for authoring the treatment of 'Musci' in Engler and Prantl's Die Naturlichen Pflanzenfamilien.	Viktor Ferdinand Brotherus	9 February 1929
date of death	Thomas J. Valentino (died August 4, 1986) was an American businessman of Italian descent being amongst the first to develop libraries of sound effects and taped music.	Thomas J. Valentino	1986
date of death	Charles Gough Howell (born Cardiff, Wales, 1894; died Taiwan Camp, Formosa (now Taiwan), 12 September 1942) was a Welsh lawyer and British colonial official, who served as Attorney General of Fiji from 1931 to 1933, and as Attorney-General of Singapore from 1936 to 1942.	Charles Gough Howell	12 September 1942
date of death	David Gordon Allen d'Aldecamb Lumsden of Cushnie, FSAL, FSAS (25 May 1933, in Quetta, Baluchistan, Empire of India (now Pakistan) -- 29 August 2008, in Fort William, Scotland) was a Scottish businessman, nationalist and sometime Baron of Cushnie-Lumsden (in Aberdeen).	David Gordon Allen d'Aldecamb Lumsden	2008
date of death	Chauncey Northrop Pond (1841-1920) was a Congregational minister (ordained in 1866) devoted to missionary efforts in China prior to, and around the time of, the Boxer Rebellion.	Chauncey Northrop Pond	1920
date of death	James Fintan Lalor (in Irish, Séamas Fionntán Ó Leathlobhair) (10 March 1807 -- 27 December 1849) was an Irish revolutionary, journalist, and ``one of the most powerful writers of his day.''	James Fintan Lalor	27 December 1849
date of death	Thomas Perks (2 October 1883--15 January 1953) was an English cricketer who played one first-class match, for MCC against London County at Crystal Palace Park in August 1902.	Thomas Perks	1953
date of death	Vernon Dixon (died 14 June 2009) was a British set decorator.	Vernon Dixon	2009
date of death	Eliseo Arredondo de la Garza (5 May 1870 -- 18 October 1923) was a Mexican politician and diplomat who briefly served as secretary of the Interior in the government of President Venustiano Carranza; his cousin and father-in-law.	Eliseo Arredondo	18 October 1923
date of death	Roswell George Mills (1896 - 1966) was a Canadian journalist, poet and magazine publisher.	Roswell George Mills	1966
date of death	Neil Heywood (20 October 1970 -- 14 November 2011) was an English businessman who worked in China.	Neil Heywood	14 November 2011
date of death	Priscus of Epirus (c. 305 -- c. 395 AD) was a Neoplatonist philosopher and theurgist, a colleague of Maximus of Ephesus, and a friend of the emperor Julian.	Priscus of Epirus	395
date of death	Josef Emanuel Hilscher (22 January 1806 -- 2 November 1837) was an Austrian soldier, poet and translator of other's poetry.	Josef Emanuel Hilscher	2 November 1837
date of death	Kevin F. McCready (January 30, 1957 -- December 5, 2004) was a clinical psychologist in Fresno, California.	Kevin F. McCready	2004
date of death	Empress Zhang Huiguang (張徽光) (died 313), formally Empress Wuxiao (武孝皇后, literally ``the martial and filial empress''), was an empress of the Chinese/Xiongnu state Han Zhao.	Empress Zhang Huiguang	313
date of death	Werner Theunissen continued to write songs until his death due to a cardiac arrest in a restaurant in England on 18 January 2010.	Werner Theunissen	18 January 2010
date of death	Princess Louisa of Great Britain (Louise Anne; 19 March 1749 -- 13 May 1768) was a grandchild of George II and sister of George III.	Princess Louisa of Great Britain	13 May 1768
date of death	Sigmund Zeisler (1860-1931) was a German-Jewish U.S. attorney born in Austria and known for his defense of radicals in Chicago in the 1880s.	Sigmund Zeisler	1931
date of death	Álvaro Lloreda Caicedo (15 October 1903 -- 10 April 1985) was a Colombian industrialist, newspaper publisher, and politician.	Álvaro Lloreda Caicedo	10 April 1985
date of death	Wilmot Moses Smith (March 1, 1852--1906) was an American jurist and songwriter.	Wilmot Moses Smith	1906
date of death	David Hönigsberg (28 October 1959 -- 3 February 2005) was a South African classical composer, conductor and musicologist.	David Hönigsberg	3 February 2005
date of death	The Very Rev William Garden Blaikie DD LLD FRSE (5 February 1820, in Aberdeen -- 11 June 1899) was a Scottish divine, writer, biographer, and temperance reformer.	William Garden Blaikie	11 June 1899
date of death	Sophie Liebknecht (1884 - 1964) was a Russian-born German socialist and feminist.	Sophie Liebknecht	1964
date of death	John Ellis Williams (20 August 1924 -- 7 December 2008) was a novelist and writer, writing in both English and Welsh.	John Ellis Williams	7 December 2008
date of death	Hon. John Henry Brooke MLA (15 May 1826 -- 8 January 1902), was a colonial Victorian politician.	John Henry Brooke	8 January 1902
date of death	Abraham Sternhartz (1862--1955), also known as Avraham Shternhartz, was an Orthodox rabbi in Ukraine and a unique and unsurpassed figure in the chain of transmission of Breslover teachings from the early generations of the movement to the latter ones.	Abraham Sternhartz	1955
date of death	Lucien Rouzet (23 March 1886 -- 4 March 1948) was a French physicist and inventor, who, in 1912, created a wireless telegraph system.	Lucien Rouzet	4 March 1948
date of death	Jean-François Tartu (Recouvrance, 11 October 1751 -- Uranie, off Gascogne, 24 October 1793) was a French Navy officer, and hero of the French Revolution.	Jean-François Tartu	24 October 1793
date of death	Johann Ludwig von Wolzogen (1599--1661) was an Austrian nobleman and Socinian theologian.	Johann Ludwig von Wolzogen	1661
date of death	S. L. Shakdhar (died 2002) was a Chief Election Commissioner of India and former Secretary-General of 3rd Lok Sabha, 4th Lok Sabha and 5th Lok Sabha (Lower House of Parliament of India).	S. L. Shakdhar	2002
date of death	Nachume Miller (1949--1998) was an Israeli artist who immigrated to New York City in 1973, where he made a name for himself in the American Modern Art scene.	Nachume Miller	1998
date of death	Ronnie Carroll (18 August 1934 -- 13 April 2015) was a Northern Irish singer, entertainer, and political candidate.	Ronnie Carroll	13 April 2015
date of death	Charles Frederick Worth (13 October, 1825 -- 10 March, 1895) was an English fashion designer who founded the House of Worth, one of the foremost fashion houses of the 19th and early 20th centuries.	Charles Frederick Worth	10 March, 1895
date of death	Thomas Tlou (1 June 1932 -- 28 June 2010) was a Botswana academic and historian, and former representative of Botswana at the United Nations.	Thomas Tlou	28 June 2010
date of death	Douglas Syphax (1842 - 4 February 1890) or Douglass Syphax was a member of the African-American aristocracy, from a wealthy land-owning family.	Douglas Syphax	4 February 1890
date of death	Sir Richard FitzLewis or FitzLowys (by 1453-1528), of Bardwell, Suffolk and West Horndon, Essex, was an English politician.	Richard FitzLewis	1528
date of death	Samuel Halkett (1814--1871) was a Scottish librarian, now known for his work on anonymous publications.	Samuel Halkett	1871
date of death	James Boaden (1762--1839) was an English biographer, dramatist, and journalist.	James Boaden	1839
date of death	Thomas Paul (1773--1831) was a Baptist minister in Boston, Massachusetts, affiliated with the African Meeting House and the Education Society for the People of Colour.	Thomas Paul	1831
date of death	Reidar Ødegaard (24 November 1901 -- 11 April 1972) was a Norwegian cross country skier who competed in the 1920s.	Reidar Ødegaard	11 April 1972
date of death	Rama Mehta (1923--1978) was an Indian sociologist and writer who is remembered above all for her novel Inside the Haveli (1977).	Rama Mehta	1978
date of death	Barbro Östlihn (b. 1930 - d. 1995) was a Swedish artist.	Barbro Östlihn	1995
date of death	Richard Benese (died 1546), was a canon of the Augustinian priory of Merton.	Richard Benese	1546
date of death	Alvin Levin (1914--1981) was an American Jewish writer from Paterson, New Jersey who grew up in the Bronx.	Alvin Levin	1981
date of death	Ulugh Muhammad (died 1445) (Urdu; Persian; Arabic: الغ محمد ; Tatar: Oluğ Möxämmäd, Russian: Olugh Mokhammad), written as Ulanus by orientalists, was twice Khan of the Golden Horde and founder of the Khanate of Kazan.	Ulugh Muhammad	1445
date of death	Christmas Evans (25 December 1766 -- 19 July 1838) was a Welsh Nonconformist minister, regarded as one of the greatest preachers in the history of Wales.	Christmas Evans	1838
date of death	Wiley Lee Housewright, EdD (17 October 1913 Wylie, Texas -- 13 December 2003 Tallahassee) was an American music educator and longtime dean of music at Florida State University.	Wiley Lee Housewright	13 December 2003
date of death	Pete Winslow (1934--1972) was a surrealist poet associated with the Beat Generation.	Pete Winslow	1972
date of death	Frederick Wilson (13 August 1912, London, UK -- 1994, Cambridge) was a British film editor and director.	Frederick Wilson	1994
date of death	William Clark Russell (24 February 1844 -- 8 November 1911) was an English writer best known for his nautical novels.	William Clark Russell	8 November 1911
date of death	Sir Thomas Sclater, 1st Baronet (9 July 1615 -- 10 December 1684) was an English academic, landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659.	Sir Thomas Sclater, 1st Baronet	10 December 1684
date of death	Nicholas St. John (by 1526 - 8 November 1589), was an English politician.	Nicholas St. John	8 November 1589
date of death	Chimalpilli I was a tlatoani (ruler) of the Aztec altepetl (city-state) of Ecatepec from 1428 until his death in 1465.	Chimalpilli I	1465
date of death	Mary Moss (1791 -- 3 January 1875) was the mother of William Booth and the second wife of Samuel Booth.	Mary Moss	3 January 1875
date of death	Maharaja Gulab Singh died on 30 June 1857 and was succeeded by his son, Ranbir Singh.	Gulab Singh	30 June 1857
date of death	Edward Long (23 August 1734 -- 13 March 1813) was a British colonial administrator and historian, and author of an influential work, The History of Jamaica (1774).	Edward Long	13 March 1813
date of death	Amos Graham (March 14, 1816 - 1865) was the first Nodaway County, Missouri clerk.	Amos Graham	1865
date of death	Victor Reinganum (1907--1995) was an artist and illustrator, probably best known for his illustrations on book dustjackets, including the first editions of Muriel Spark's The Ballad of Peckham Rye (1960) and The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie (1961).	Victor Reinganum	1995
date of death	Filippo Perlo (8 February 1873 - 4 November 1948) was an Italian Catholic prelate, who was the Vicar Apostolic Emeritus of Kenya (Archdiocese of Nyeri, Kenya) and Bishop Titular of Maronea.	Filippo Perlo	4 November 1948
date of death	Miksa Falk (or sometimes Maximilian Falk, 7 October 1828 -- 10 September 1908) was a Hungarian politician, journalist, member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences and the editor-in-chief of the German-language newspaper Pester Lloyd.	Miksa Falk	10 September 1908
date of death	Donald James Allan, FBA, (22 December 1907 -- 19 June 1978) was professor of Greek at the University of Glasgow from 1957 to 1971.	Donald James Allan	19 June 1978
date of death	George Thomas Stokes (1843--1898) was an Irish ecclesiastical historian.	George Thomas Stokes	1898
date of death	Countess Eleonóra Zichy de Zich et Vásonkeő (28 March 1867 -- 31 January 1945) was a Hungarian noblewoman, granddaughter of Count Manó Péchy.	Eleonóra Zichy	31 January 1945
date of death	Thomas Mackay (1849 -- 1912) was a British wine merchant and classical liberal.	Thomas Mackay	1912
date of death	Robert John Braidwood (29 July 1907 -- 15 January 2003) was an American archaeologist and anthropologist, one of the founders of scientific archaeology, and a leader in the field of Near Eastern Prehistory.	Robert John Braidwood	15 January 2003
date of death	Bervin Woods (9 January 1910 -- 13 January 2002) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1930s.	Bervin Woods	13 January 2002
date of death	Thomas Reynolds-Moreton, 1st Earl of Ducie (31 August 1776 -- 22 June 1840) was the first Earl of Ducie.	Thomas Reynolds-Moreton, 1st Earl of Ducie	22 June 1840
date of death	José Romeo (1701--1772) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period.	José Romeo	1772
date of death	Peter Štefan (or Peter Stefan) (1941, Bratislava, Slovak Republic -- 18 June 1978, Tryfan, Wales) was a Slovak mathematician who was known for his works on dynamical systems and mathematical entropy.	Peter Štefan	18 June 1978
date of death	Narayan Shripad Rajhans, better known as Bal Gandharva (26 June 1888 -- 15 July 1967), was one of the greatest Marathi singers and stage actors.	Bal Gandharva	15 July 1967
date of death	Jeanne des Anges, also known as Jeanne de Belcier (2 February 1602 -- 29 January 1665), was a French Ursuline nun in Loudun, France.	Jeanne des Anges	29 January 1665
date of death	Lalon, also known as Lalon Sain, Lalon Shah, Lalon Fakir or Mahatma Lalon (c. 1772-- 17 October 1890; Bengali: 1 Katrik, 1179), was a Bengali Baul saint, mystic, songwriter, social reformer and thinker.	Lalon	17 October 1890
date of death	Margaret Godolphin (2 August 1652 -- 9 September 1678) was a British courtier.	Margaret Godolphin	9 September 1678
date of death	Simon Lazarus (c. 1820 -- 1877) was a Jewish-American clothing retailer and the founder of the predecessor of what was to become The F&R Lazarus & Co., an operation which blossomed into what is today known as Macy's, Inc, a major retail holding company in the U.S.	Simon Lazarus	1877
date of death	Krystyna Ceynowa, also spelled as Cejnowa (died 1836), was an ethnic Polish victim of murder by lynching and an alleged witch in Germany.	Krystyna Ceynowa	1836
date of death	William Emerton Heitland (21 December 1847 -- 23 June 1935) was an English Cambridge University based classicist.	William Emerton Heitland	23 June 1935
date of death	William Miller (1795--1861) known throughout Latin America as Guillermo Miller, was an English-born soldier who participated in several South American revolutions, and then became a diplomat.	Guillermo Miller	1861
date of death	Helen Foster Snow (1907--1997) was an American journalist who reported from China in the 1930s under the name ``Nym Wales'' on the developing revolution in China and the Korean independence movement.	Helen Foster Snow	1997
date of death	Hans Kreissig (May 23, 1857 -- December 28, 1929) was a German-born American pianist, music teacher, and conductor.	Hans Kreissig	1929
date of death	Roslyn Brogue (16 February 1919 -- 1 August 1981) was an American pianist, violinist, music educator, classics scholar, poet, author and composer.	Roslyn Brogue	1 August 1981
date of death	Antoni Józef Śmieszek (1881 -- 1943) was a Polish Egyptologist and linguist.	Antoni Józef Śmieszek	1943
date of death	Dr George Freeland Barbour DPhil, JP (15 February 1882 -- 18 November 1946), was a Scottish author, philosopher and Liberal Party politician.	George Freeland Barbour	18 November 1946
date of death	Brian Óge Ó hUiginn, Irish poet, died 1505.	Brian Óge Ó hUiginn	1505
date of death	William Tell Coleman (1824--1893) was an American pioneer.	William Tell Coleman	1893
date of death	Victor Karpov (Russian: Виктор Павлович Карпов) (born 1 October 1928 in Penza, Russian SFSR, died 23 June 1997 in Moscow, Russia) was a Russian diplomat, Deputy Soviet Foreign Minister in 1990--1991.	Victor Karpov	23 June 1997
date of death	Niranjan Pal (17 August 1889 -- 9 November 1959) was a playwright, screenwriter and director in the Indian film industry in the silent and early talkie days.	Niranjan Pal	9 November 1959
date of death	Mara Djordjević (born Marija Mišović, 31 January 1916, Odobești, Romania -- 22 January 2003, Pančevo) was a Serbian singer of traditional songs.	Mara Djordjević	22 January 2003
date of death	Frederick Hampden Winston (November 2, 1830 -- February 19, 1904) was a prominent American lawyer who was one of the founders of the law firm that is today Winston & Strawn.	Frederick Hampden Winston	1904
date of death	Chief Jack House (? - 1971) was the last traditional, hereditary leader of the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe of Colorado.	Chief Jack House	1971
date of death	Alfred S. Hart (a.k.a. Al Hart or Alfred Harskovitz) (1904--1979) was a Hungarian-born American businessman and banker.	Alfred S. Hart	1979
date of death	James Hardiman (1782--1855), also known as Séamus Ó hArgadáin, was a librarian at Queen's College, Galway.	James Hardiman	1855
date of death	Veljko Despotović (1 October 1931 -- 6 April 2013) was a notable Serbian film and television production designer.	Veljko Despotović	6 April 2013
date of death	William Douglas of Cluny (c.1428 - c. 1475) was a Scottish noble who was a guardian to King James III of Scotland and in 1464, Warden of the Eastern and Middle Marches.	William Douglas of Cluny	1475
date of death	Gershom Carmichael (1672--1729) was a Scottish philosopher.	Gershom Carmichael	1729
date of death	Ramesh Mantri (Devanagari: रमेश मंत्री) (1927--1997) was a Marathi writer primarily of humor from Maharashtra, India.	Ramesh Mantri	1997
date of death	Peter Bruner (1845--1938), was born a slave in Kentucky.	Peter Bruner	1938
date of death	John Thomas Haines (c.1799--1843) was a British actor and dramatist.	John Thomas Haines	1843
date of death	Alexandre de Pontes (1968 -- 1993), also known as Xandinho, was a Brazilian bodyboarder, and one of the first Brazilians to have widespread international recognition in the sport.	Alexandre de Pontes	1993
date of death	William Gordon Roe (5 January 1932 -- 19 July 1999) was an English divine and the Suffragan Bishop of Huntingdon from 1980 until 1997.	Gordon Roe	19 July 1999
date of death	Carmine Gallone (18 September 1886, Taggia -- 4 April 1973) was an early acclaimed Italian film director, screenwriter, and film producer.	Carmine Gallone	4 April 1973
date of death	Charles Wogan (1698?--1752?) was a Jacobite soldier of fortune, also known as the Chevalier Wogan.	Charles Wogan	1752
date of death	Wally Heider (1923--1989) was an American recording engineer and recording studio owner (Wally Heider Studios.)	Wally Heider	1989
date of death	Philippe d'Auvergne (13 November 1754 -- 18 September 1816) was a British naval officer and the adopted son of Godefroy de La Tour d'Auvergne the sovereign Duke of Bouillon.	Philippe d'Auvergne	18 September 1816
date of death	Prof. Nishtala Appala Narasimham, shortly N. A. Narasimham M.Sc., Ph.D. (15 August 1922 - 8 April 2002) was an Indian physicist and eminent Spectroscopist.	Nishtala Appala Narasimham	8 April 2002
date of death	Colonel Edward Sexby or Saxby (1616 -- 13 January 1658) was an English Puritan soldier and Leveller in the army of Oliver Cromwell.	Edward Sexby	13 January 1658
date of death	Khalil al-Zahawi (Arabic: خليل الزهاوي‎; 1946 - 25 May 2007) was one of Iraq's most prominent calligraphers.	Khalil al-Zahawi	25 May 2007
date of death	Jim Brakefield (c. 1919--2002) was an American football player and coach of football and baseball.	Jim Brakefield	2002
date of death	Anthony Kohlmann, S.J. (13 July 1771 -- 11 April 1836), was an Alsatian Jesuit priest.	Anthony Kohlmann	11 April 1836
date of death	Donald Lines Jacobus, FASG (1887-1970) of New Haven, Connecticut, was widely regarded among genealogists as the dean of American genealogy during his lifetime.	Donald Lines Jacobus	1970
date of death	Muhammad Sa'id al-'Ashmawi (Arabic: محمد سعيد العشماوى‎, IPA: (mæˈħæmmæd sæˈʕiːd el.ʕæʃˈmæːwi); 1932 -- 7 November 2013) was an Egyptian Supreme Court justice and former head of the Court of State Security.	Muhammad Sa'id al-'Ashmawi	7 November 2013
date of death	William Trytel (1894-1964), frequently credited as W.L. Trytel, was a Dutch-born composer.	William Trytel	1964
date of death	Lodovico Leoni (Padua, 1531-- Rome, 1606) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, mainly active in Rome.	Lodovico Leoni	1606
date of death	Frances Power Cobbe (4 December 1822 -- 5 April 1904) was an Irish writer, social reformer, anti-vivisection activist, and leading women's suffrage campaigner.	Frances Power Cobbe	5 April 1904
date of death	Eva Watson-Schütze (1867--1935) was an American photographer and painter who was one of the founding members of the Photo-Secession.	Eva Watson-Schütze	1935
date of death	Walter Reyno (13 February 1935 -- 3 December 2014) was a Uruguayan actor and theater director.	Walter Reyno	3 December 2014
date of death	Harry Creber (30 April 1872 -- 27 March 1939) was an English cricketer active from 1898 to 1922 who played for Glamorgan.	Harry Creber	27 March 1939
date of death	Barbara Longhi (/bɑrˈbɑrə ˈlɒŋɡi/; 21 September 1552 -- 23 December 1638) was an Italian painter.	Barbara Longhi	23 December 1638
date of death	Wenno (von Rohrbach), also known as Winno, Vinno, and Winne, was the first Master (Herrmeister) of the Livonian Brothers of the Sword, leading the Order from 1204 to 1209.	Wenno	1209
date of death	Wilson Carlile, CH (1847--1942) was an English evangelist who founded the Church Army, and was Prebendary of St Paul's Cathedral.	Wilson Carlile	1942
date of death	David ben Judah Messer Leon (c. 1470 in Venice -- c. 1526 in Salonica) was an Italian rabbi, physician and writer, who defended the value of secular disciplines and the Renaissance humanities as an important part of traditional Jewish studies.	David ben Judah Messer Leon	1526
date of death	Manuel Vieira de Albuquerque Touvar (28 April 1776 - Lisbon; 14 June 1833) was a Portuguese nobleman, who served first as Captain-General in Brazil, but ultimately as the 9th Captain general of the archipelago of the Azores.	Manuel Vieira de Albuquerque Touvar	14 June 1833
date of death	Henry Mark Anthony (4 August 1817 in Manchester -- 1 December 1886 in London) was an English landscape artist, often favourably compared to John Constable by critics.	Henry Mark Anthony	1 December 1886
date of death	Álvaro José Arroyo González (also known as Joe Arroyo or El Joe; 1 November 1955 -- 26 July 2011) was a Colombian salsa and tropical music singer, composer and songwriter.	Joe Arroyo	26 July 2011
date of death	Frantz Hunt Coe (1856--1904) was a Seattle physician, public official and educator.	Frantz Hunt Coe	1904
date of death	Abol Fath Khan Zand (Persian: ابوالفتح خان زند‎‎ Abul-Fatḥ Khān Zand; 1755/1756 -- 1787) was the third Shah of the Zand dynasty, and ruled the Persian Empire from March 6, 1779 until August 22, 1779.	Abol Fath Khan	1779
date of death	Norman Belcher (10 July 1879 -- 31 January 1947) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Norman Belcher	31 January 1947
date of death	Georg von Dollmann (1830--1895) was a German architect and Bavarian government building officer.	Georg von Dollmann	1895
date of death	St. Vincent de Paul (24 April 1581 -- 27 September 1660) was a French Roman Catholic priest who dedicated himself to serving the poor.	Vincent de Paul	27 September 1660
date of death	Josef Klaus (15 August 1910 - 26 July 2001) was an Austrian politician of the conservative People's Party (ÖVP).	Josef Klaus	26 July 2001
date of death	Walter Mackersie Smith (1842-1906) was a Scottish engineer who made an important contribution to the development of the compound steam locomotive.	Walter Mackersie Smith	1906
date of death	Rameshwar Das Birla (also Rameshwardas Birla) (1892--1973) was an Indian entrepreneur and philanthropist.	Rameshwar Das Birla	1973
date of death	Frank McDowell Leavitt (1856--1928) was an American engineer and inventor.	Frank McDowell Leavitt	1928
date of death	George Paciullo, OAM (20 February 1934 -- 9 October 2012) was an Australian politician.	George Paciullo	9 October 2012
date of death	Nicolae Cambrea (1900--1976) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. In 1942, heserved as Chief of Staff 5th Division.	Nicolae Cambrea	1976
date of death	(Montague) David Eder (1865--1936) was a British psychoanalyst, physician, Zionist and writer.	David Eder	1936
date of death	Arthur Farre (6 March 1811, London -- 17 December 1887, London), was an English obstetric physician.	Arthur Farre	17 December 1887
date of death	Robert of Lexinton or Lessington (died 29 May 1250) was a British judge and administrator.	Robert of Lexinton	29 May 1250
date of death	Richard de Montfichet (or Richard de Munfichet) (died 1267) was a Magna Carta surety.	Richard de Montfichet	1267
date of death	Carter Jefferson (1946 -- 9 December 1993) was an American jazz tenor saxophonist.	Carter Jefferson	9 December 1993
date of death	Hilary Tindall (14 August 1938 - 5 December 1992) was an English stage and television actress.	Hilary Tindall	5 December 1992
date of death	Mahmud Hussain Khan (Urdu: محمود حسین خان‎; 5 July 1907 -- 12 April 1975) was a Pakistani academic, educationist, and politician, credited with pioneering the study of social sciences in Pakistan.	Mahmud Hussain	12 April 1975
date of death	Mikołaj Błociszewski (Nicholas de Błociszewo) of Ostoja coat of arms (d. 1419) - the court knight and deputy of King Jogaila (Władysław Jagiełło) to negotiate with the Teutonic Knights.	Mikołaj Błociszewski	1419
date of death	Frederick Styles Agate (29 January 1803 -- 1 May 1844) was a noted painter best known for his paintings Ugolino and Old Oaken Bucket.	Frederick Styles Agate	1 May 1844
date of death	Georgios Tertsetis (Greek: Γεώργιος Τερτσέτης 1800, Zakynthos -- 15 April 1874, Athens) was a Greek independence fighter, historian, politician, poet, writer, judge and philosopher.	Georgios Tertsetis	1874
date of death	Baconin Borzacchini (28 September 1898 -- 10 September 1933) was an Italian Grand Prix motor racing driver often referred to as Mario Umberto Borzacchini.	Baconin Borzacchini	10 September 1933
date of death	John Douglas, 2nd Earl of Morton died 9 September 1513 at the Battle of Flodden.	John Douglas, 2nd Earl of Morton	9 September 1513
date of death	Mihailo Dožić (Serbian Cyrillic: Михаило Дoжић; 1848--1914) was a Serbian Orthodox hierodeacon and archimandrite, who established an insurgent battalion in Potarje (in Montenegro) to fight against Ottoman rule in the region.	Mihailo Dožić	1914
date of death	Huberto Rohden Sobrinho, known as Huberto Rohden, (1893--1981) was a Brazilian philosopher, educator and theologist.	Huberto Rohden	1981
date of death	John Meshullam (1799--1878) was a British born Jew.	John Meshullam	1878
date of death	David E. Reed (1927--1990), was a Reader's Digest roving editor.	David E. Reed	1990
date of death	Pinchas Hacohen Peli (1930--1989) was an Israeli modern Orthodox rabbi, essayist, poet and scholar of Judaism and Jewish philosophy.	Pinchas Hacohen Peli	1989
date of death	George Hobart, 3rd Earl of Buckinghamshire (8 September 1731 -- 14 November 1804) was a British peer, styled The Honourable George Hobart from 1733 until 1793.	George Hobart, 3rd Earl of Buckinghamshire	14 November 1804
date of death	Fong Chong Pik (1926--2004), also known as Fang Chuang Pi, was a political activist and member of the Communist Party of Malaya (CPM), otherwise known as the Malayan Communist Party (MCP).	Fong Chong Pik	2004
date of death	Vaikunthbhai Mehta (26 October 1891 -- 27 October 1964) was a pioneer leader of Indian Cooperative Movement.	Vaikunthbhai Mehta	27 October 1964
date of death	John Winstanley (1678? -- 1750) was an English Enlightenment figure and poet, probably born in Ireland.	John Winstanley	1750
date of death	Cenn Fáelad mac Ailella (alias Cennfaeladh) (died 679) was an Irish scholar renowned for having his memory markedly improve and possibly becoming eidetic after suffering a head wound in battle.	Cenn Fáelad mac Ailella	679
date of death	John Warrington Rogers (1822 -- 10 February 1906), M.A., Q.C., was a lawyer, member of parliament for the colony of Tasmania and judge of the County Court of Victoria.	John Warrington Rogers	10 February 1906
date of death	Wilfred Lievesley (born 6 October 1902 - 21 February 1979) was an English footballer.	Wilfred Lievesley	21 February 1979
date of death	Gnaeus Cornelius Lentulus Gaetulicus (died 39) was a Roman general and politician.	Gnaeus Cornelius Lentulus Gaetulicus	39
date of death	John Edward Sowerby (17 January 1825 -- 28 January 1870) was a British botanical illustrator and publisher born in Lambeth, London on 17 January 1825.	John Edward Sowerby	1870
date of death	John Saris (c. 1580 -- 1643) was the captain of the first English voyage to Japan, in 1613, on board the Clove.	John Saris	1643
date of death	Alfred Gregory FBIPP, FRPS (Hon) (12 February 1913 -- 9 February 2010) was a British mountaineer, explorer and professional photographer.	Alfred Gregory	9 February 2010
date of death	Titus Ozon (13 May 1927 -- 24 November 1996) was a Romanian international football striker.	Titus Ozon	24 November 1996
date of death	George Wilfred Anthony (1810 - 14 Nov 1859) was an English landscape painter, art teacher and art critic.	George Wilfred Anthony	1859
date of death	Saadi Al Munla (1890-1975) was a Lebanese politician and one of the former Lebanese prime ministers.	Saadi Al Munla	1975
date of death	Domenico Mona (also called Moni, Monna, or Monio) (1550--1602) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period, born in Ferrara.	Domenico Mona	1602
date of death	Maha Vidhwan Rao Sahib Mu Raghava Iyengar (Tamil: மு ராகவ ஐயங்கார்) (1878--1960) was a well known Tamil scholar and researcher of Tamil literature.	Raghava Iyengar	1960
date of death	Alex McCracken (died 25 August 1915) was the first president of the Victorian Football League.	Alex McCracken	25 August 1915
date of death	Eric Louis Boetzel (May 18, 1884 - January 1958) was the deputy Attorney General of New York State, and a former Manhattan Assistant District Attorney.	Eric Louis Boetzel	1958
date of death	Abbas Tyabji (1 February 1854 -- 9 June 1936) was an Indian freedom fighter from Gujarat, who once served as the Chief Justice of the (Baroda) Gujarat High Court.	Abbas Tyabji	9 June 1936
date of death	Walter Reinhardt Sombre (born as Walter Reinhardt or Reinert; c. 1725 -- 1778) was an adventurer and mercenary in India from the 1760s.	Walter Reinhardt Sombre	1778
date of death	Hubert Maurer (10 June 1738 -- 10 December 1818) was an Austrian painter, draughtsman, and teacher.	Hubert Maurer	10 December 1818
date of death	George Bean (7 March 1864 in Sutton-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, England -- 16 March 1923 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, England) was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Sussex County Cricket Club between 1886 and 1898.	George Bean	16 March 1923
date of death	Pierre-Nicolas Tourgueneff (4 April 1853 -- 21 March 1912) was a French animalier sculptor and painter of the late 19th century and early 20th century.	Pierre-Nicolas Tourgueneff	21 March 1912
date of death	Honourable Wilfred Gilbert Thesiger, DSO (25 March 1871- 31 January 1920) was a British officer and diplomat, who was British Minister in Ethiopia from 1909 to 1919.	Wilfred Gilbert Thesiger	31 January 1920
date of death	Ivan Bezpaly (Ukrainian Iван Безпалий, Russian Иван Беспалый died 1718) was a Cossack colonel of the Uman Regiment, and the leader of the pro-Russian faction in the Eastern Ukraine.	Ivan Bezpaly	1718
date of death	William Penhallow Henderson (1877 - 1943) was an American painter, architect, and furniture designer.	William Penhallow Henderson	1943
date of death	David Stewart Dawson (1849 -- 6 August 1932), frequently referred to as Stewart Dawson, was an Australian manufacturing jeweller and property tycoon born in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	David Stewart Dawson	6 August 1932
date of death	Antonio Bertali (probably March 1605 -- 17 April 1669) was an Italian composer and violinist of the Baroque era.	Antonio Bertali	17 April 1669
date of death	Felipe de León (died 1728) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period active in Seville.	Felipe de León	1728
date of death	Jan Miense Molenaer (1610 -- buried 19 September 1668), was a Dutch Golden Age genre painter whose style was a precursor to Jan Steen's work during Dutch Golden Age painting.	Jan Miense Molenaer	19 September 1668
date of death	John Bradbury, 2nd Baron Bradbury, of Winsford in the County of Chester (7 January 1914 -- 31 March 1994) was a British peer and member of the House of Lords, the second holder of the title Baron Bradbury.	John Bradbury, 2nd Baron Bradbury	31 March 1994
date of death	Albin Ström (1892, Ånimskog -- 1962) was a Swedish socialist politician from Gothenburg.	Albin Ström	1962
date of death	William Chevir (died 1446) was an Irish politician and judge, whose career was marked by accusations of oppression and corruption.	William Chevir	1446
date of death	Fogartach mac Néill (died 724), sometimes called Fogartach ua Cernaich, was an Irish king who is reckoned a High King of Ireland.	Fogartach mac Néill	724
date of death	Stephen Alfred Forbes (29 May 1844 -- 13 March 1930) was the first Chief of the Illinois Natural History Survey, a founder of aquatic ecosystem science and a dominant figure in the rise of American ecology.	Stephen Alfred Forbes	13 March 1930
date of death	Neville Usborne (27 February 1888 -- 21 February 1916) was a British naval officer who played a prominent part in British military lighter-than-air aviation before the First World War.	Neville Usborne	21 February 1916
date of death	Philip Frowde (died 1738) was an English poet and dramatist.	Philip Frowde	1738
date of death	Akaki Khoshtaria (Georgian: აკაკი ხოშტარია, Russian: Акакий Мефодьевич Хоштария, Akakiy Mefodievich Khoshtariya) (1873 -- 1932) was a Georgian entrepreneur, socialite, and philanthropist.	Akaki Khoshtaria	1932
date of death	Percy Verner Noble (18 December 1902 -- 19 June 1996) was a Canadian politician who served as a Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament.	Percy Verner Noble	19 June 1996
date of death	Coramae Richey Mann (1931--2004) was a professor emeritus of criminal justice at the University of Illinois at Chicago.	Coramae Richey Mann	2004
date of death	John Guyse (1680-1761) was an English independent minister.	John Guyse	1761
date of death	Mario Pretto (7 October 1915 -- 2 April 1984) was an Italian footballer turned coach who managed Bolivia in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.	Mario Pretto	2 April 1984
date of death	Ioan Sterca-Șuluțiu (1796--1858) was an ethnic Romanian bureaucrat in the administration of Imperial Austrian Transylvania, owner of gold mines at Abrud, and the brother of Greek-Catholic Metropolitan Alexandru Sterca-Șuluțiu.	Ioan Sterca-Șuluțiu	1858
date of death	Yehiel Duvdevani (Hebrew: יחיאל דובדבני‎, born 1896, died 30 April 1988) was a Zionist activist and politician.	Yehiel Duvdevani	30 April 1988
date of death	Sir Owen Morgan Edwards (26 December 1858 -- 15 May 1920) was a Welsh historian, educationalist and writer.	Owen Morgan Edwards	15 May 1920
date of death	Christopher David Allen (13 January 1938 -- 13 March 2015), better known as Daevid Allen, sometimes credited as Divided Alien, was an Australian poet, guitarist, singer, composer and performance artist.	Daevid Allen	13 March 2015
date of death	Jules Moriceau (2 January 1887 Nantes -- 20 June 1977 Garches) was a French racecar driver.	Jules Moriceau	20 June 1977
date of death	Robert F. Howard (1883-1963) was an educator, pecan farmer, and cattle-rancher who founded the FarmHouse college fraternity.	Robert F. Howard	1963
date of death	Vespasiano Colonna (c. 1485 - 13 March 1528) was an Italian nobleman and condottiero, a member of the Colonna family.	Vespasiano Colonna	13 March 1528
date of death	Anders Platou Wyller (24 April 1903 - 2 October 1940) was a Norwegian philologist and humanist.	Anders Platou Wyller	2 October 1940
date of death	Vincenzo Barboni (1802--1859) was an Italian painter, mainly depicting sacred subjects in a Neoclassical style.	Vincenzo Barboni	1859
date of death	Virginie Amélie Avegno Gautreau (née Avegno, 29 January 1859 -- 25 July 1915) was born in New Orleans but grew up from the age of eight in France, where she became a Parisian socialite known for her beauty.	Virginie Amélie Avegno Gautreau	25 July 1915
date of death	Ivan Lenković (died 22 June 1569) was a Habsburg Croatian army general and the leader of the Uskoks.	Ivan Lenković	22 June 1569
date of death	Charles Evelyn Pierrepont, Viscount Newark MP (2 September 1805 - 23 August 1850) was a Member of Parliament for East Retford, and poet.	Charles Evelyn Pierrepont, Viscount Newark	23 August 1850
date of death	Richard E. Turner (1920--1986) was a fighter pilot with the 9th Air Force in the European Theater during World War II and early in the Korean War.	Richard E. Turner	1986
date of death	Avan Yuzbashi (1670--1735) was an 18th-century commander of Armenian armies in Nagorno Karabakh.	Avan Yuzbashi	1735
date of death	Sophie Watillon (7 December 1965 -- 31 August 2005) was a Belgian viol player who specialized in Baroque music.	Sophie Watillon	31 August 2005
date of death	Nikita Romanovich (Russian: Никита Романович; born ca. 1522, died 23 April 1586), also known as Nikita Romanovich Zakharyin-Yuriev, was a Muscovite boyar in 1563.	Nikita Romanovich	23 April 1586
date of death	William Vestey, 1st Baron Vestey, Bt (21 January 1859 -- 10 December 1940) was an English shipping magnate.	William Vestey, 1st Baron Vestey	10 December 1940
date of death	P. N. Mari Bhat (1951--2007), distinguished Indian demographer, was a student of Samuel H. Preston at the University of Pennsylvania from where he received his Ph.D. in 1987.	P. N. Mari Bhat	2007
date of death	Jean-François Salvard (or Salvart) (c. 1530 -- 1585) was a French-Swiss Reformed theologian, known as the editor of the Harmonia confessionum of 1581.	Jean-François Salvard	1585
date of death	Pierre Louis de Saffon (1724, France - August 1784, Demerara) was a French duelist that escaped to exile in the Dutch colony of Demerara, now in Guyana, only to later become a wealthy land owner.	Pierre Louis de Saffon	August 1784
date of death	Kgosi Seepapitso IV (died 24 March 2010) was a chief of the Ngwaketse tribe of Botswana.	Kgosi Seepapitso IV	24 March 2010
date of death	Giacomo Appiotti (1873 -- 1948) was Lieutenant General of the Italian Army during the Second Italo-Abyssinian War.	Giacomo Appiotti	1948
date of death	Henry Standing Bear (c.1874-1953) (``Mato Naji'') was an Oglala Lakota Chief.	Henry Standing Bear	1953
date of death	Trần Quảng Vận, penname Trần Lâm (1922-2011) was a Vietnamese journalist.	Trần Lâm	2011
date of death	Simon Burton, M.D., F.R.C.P. (c.1690--1744), was an English physician.	Simon Burton	1744
date of death	Edward Samuel Ritchie (1814--1895), an American inventor and physicist, is considered to be the most innovative instrument maker in nineteenth-century America, making important contributions to both science and navigation.	Edward Samuel Ritchie	1895
date of death	Gideon Joubert (4 September 1923 -- 27 October 2010) was a South African writer and journalist (at Die Burger) who was known for his Intelligent Design-opinions, especially present in his book, Die Groot Gedagte, which was his biggest success.	Gideon Joubert	27 October 2010
date of death	Sir Joshua Vanneck, 1st Baronet (1702 - died 6 March 1777) was a British-Dutch merchant.	Sir Joshua Vanneck, 1st Baronet	6 March 1777
date of death	The Hon. Octavius Duncombe (8 April 1817 -- 3 December 1879) was a British Conservative politician.	Octavius Duncombe	3 December 1879
date of death	Lauritz Peter Holmblad (8 July 1815 -- 16 November 1890), usually referred to as L. P. Holmblad, was a Danish industrialist and philanthropist.	Lauritz Peter Holmblad	16 November 1890
date of death	Muhammad Asad (pronounced (ˈmoʊ̯hämæd ˈæsæd), Urdu: محمد أسد‎, born Leopold Weiss; 2 July 1900 -- 20 February 1992) was a Jewish-born Austro-Hungarian journalist, traveler, writer, linguist, thinker, political theorist, diplomat and Islamic scholar.	Muhammad Asad	20 February 1992
date of death	Edgar Vincent, 1st Viscount D'Abernon GCB GCMG PC FRS (19 August 1857 -- 1 November 1941) was a British politician, diplomat, art collector and author.	Edgar Vincent, 1st Viscount D'Abernon	1 November 1941
date of death	Louis Huth (22 March 1821 -- 12 February 1905), was a British company director, merchant banker, art collector, art dealer and patron of Aesthetic movement artists.	Louis Huth	12 February 1905
date of death	Colonel John Tayloe II (28 May 1721 -- 18 April 1779) was among the richest plantation owners in colonial Virginia.	John Tayloe II	18 April 1779
date of death	Stephen du Perche (1137/8--1169) was the chancellor of the Kingdom of Sicily (1166--68) and Archbishop of Palermo (1167--68) during the early regency of his cousin, Queen Margaret of Navarre (1166--71).	Stephen du Perche	1169
date of death	Philip Wenman, 6th Viscount Wenman (23 November 1719 -- 16 August 1760), was a British landowner and politician.	Philip Wenman, 6th Viscount Wenman	16 August 1760
date of death	Ng Hon-tsz, JP (1877 -- 11 April 1932) was a Hong Kong businessman and member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.	Ng Hon-tsz	11 April 1932
date of death	Daniel Mornin (1956-2014) was an award winning playwright, screenwriter and novelist writing about contemporary Ulster.	Daniel Mornin	2014
date of death	Adam Ottley (1655--1723) was an English churchman, Bishop of St David's from 1713.	Adam Ottley	1723
date of death	Arne Åkermark (1902--1962) was a Swedish art director who worked on around a hundred and eighty films during a thirty year career.	Arne Åkermark	1962
date of death	Friedrich Kurt Fiedler (8 March 1894 -- 11 November 1950) was a German graphic designer and a representative of the Social Democratic Party.	Friedrich Kurt Fiedler	11 November 1950
date of death	Osborne Gordon (1813-1883) was an influential Oxford college tutor and Church of England Clergyman.	Osborne Gordon	1883
date of death	John Glendwr Owen CB (1914-1977) was a senior British civil servant.	John Glendwr Owen	1977
date of death	Sydney Edward Wright (3 June 1914 -- 7 October 1966) was an Australian academic, pacifist, pharmacist, pharmacy college head and technical/TAFE college teacher.	Sydney Edward Wright	7 October 1966
date of death	George Gordon Hoskins FRIBA (28 October 1837 -- 11 December 1911), was an English architect responsible for the design of several public buildings in the North East of England.	George Gordon Hoskins	1911
date of death	Ronald Douglas Maxwell (1919 -- 23 December 1941) was a British soldier during World War II, serving in the Hong Kong Volunteer Defence Corps.	Ronald Douglas Maxwell	23 December 1941
date of death	Richard Cragun (5 October 1944 -- 6 August 2012) was an American ballet dancer who rose to international fame with the Stuttgart Ballet in Germany.	Richard Cragun	6 August 2012
date of death	Vice-Admiral Sir Henry Deacon Barry, KCVO (27 November 1849 - 14 November 1908) was a British Royal Navy officer who was Admiral superintendent at Portsmouth dockyard.	Henry Deacon Barry	14 November 1908
date of death	Hamiora Pere (died 16 November 1869) was the only New Zealander ever to be executed for treason.	Hamiora Pere	16 November 1869
date of death	John Wodehouse, 2nd Baron Wodehouse (11 January 1771 -- 31 May 1846), styled The Honourable John Wodehouse from 1797 to 1834, was a British peer and Member of Parliament.	John Wodehouse, 2nd Baron Wodehouse	31 May 1846
date of death	Cui Zhiwen (崔知溫) (627 -- April 27, 683), courtesy name Liren (禮仁), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Gaozong.	Cui Zhiwen	683
date of death	Robert Kirkland Kernighan (25 April 1854 -- 3 November 1926) was a Canadian poet, journalist, and farmer.	Robert Kirkland Kernighan	3 November 1926
date of death	Egnatius Lucillianus (c. 210 -- aft. 244) was a Governor or Legatus of Britannia Inferior at Eboracum, a province of Britannia some time between 238 and 244.	Egnatius Lucillianus	244
date of death	Carlos Cuarteron (1816--1880), was a Spanish mariner who later became a priest and established the first Roman Catholic missions in northern Borneo .	Carlos Cuarteron	1880
date of death	Udo Jürgens (born Udo Jürgen Bockelmann; 30 September 1934 -- 21 December 2014) was an Austrian-Swiss composer and singer of popular music whose career spanned over fifty years.	Udo Jürgens	21 December 2014
date of death	Claud Carr (29 November 1905 -- 4 March 1948) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Claud Carr	4 March 1948
date of death	Kim Hyowon(김효원, 金孝元, 1532 -- 1 April 1590) was a Korean Joseon Dynastys politician and Writer, and a Neo Confucian scholar.	Kim Hyowon	1 April 1590
date of death	Sir John Lumsden KBE (14 November 1869 -- 3 September 1944) was an Irish physician and the founder of the St. John Ambulance Brigade of Ireland.	John Lumsden	3 September 1944
date of death	The Honourable Henry Grey Bennet (2 December 1777 -- 29 May 1836) was a British politician.	Henry Grey Bennet	29 May 1836
date of death	Arthur Sleith (22 December 1917 -- 17 December 2008) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Arthur Sleith	17 December 2008
date of death	Dr. Morton Shulman, OC (25 April 1925 -- 18 August 2000) was a Canadian politician, businessman, broadcaster, columnist, coroner, and physician.	Morton Shulman	18 August 2000
date of death	Raja Sri Raghunatha Raya Tondaiman (1641-1730) was the ruler of the Pudukkottai kingdom from 1686 to 1730.	Raghunatha Raya Tondaiman	1730
date of death	Louis II, Cardinal of Guise (6 July 1555, Dampierre -- 24 December 1588, Château de Blois), was the third son of Francis, Duke of Guise, and Anna d'Este.	Louis II, Cardinal of Guise	24 December 1588
date of death	Frederick Augustus Voigt (1892--1957), British journalist and author of German descent, most famous for his work with the Manchester Guardian and his opposition to dictatorship and totalitarianism on the European Continent.	Frederick Augustus Voigt	1957
date of death	Nevesinli Salih Pasha (Bosnian: Salih-paša Nevesinjac; Cyrillic: Салих-паша Невесињац, died 16 September 1647) was an Ottoman civil servant and grand vizier.	Nevesinli Salih Pasha	16 September 1647
date of death	Sid Kuller (27 October 1910 New York, New York -- 16 September 1993 in Sherman Oaks, California) was an American comedy writer, producer and lyricist/composer, who concentrated on special musical material, gags and sketches for leading comics.	Sid Kuller	16 September 1993
date of death	Michael Birkett, 2nd Baron Birkett (22 October 1929 -- 3 April 2015), was a British film producer/director, author and hereditary peer.	Michael Birkett, 2nd Baron Birkett	3 April 2015
date of death	Charles Allen Duval, often spelled duVal or Du Val, (19 March 1810 -- 14 June 1872), was a well-known Victorian portrait painter, photographer, literary critic, illustrator and writer.	Charles Allen Duval	14 June 1872
date of death	Jacob Abbot Cummings (1773--1820) was a bookseller, publisher, schoolteacher and author in Boston, Massachusetts, in the early 19th-century.	Jacob Abbot Cummings	1820
date of death	Tuala Ainiu Iusitino (1936 -- 31 August 2010) was a Samoan politician and former Cabinet Minister.	Tuala Ainiu Iusitino	31 August 2010
date of death	Harry G. John, Jr. (1919--1992) was an American philanthropist, founder of the De Rance Foundation and heir to the Miller Brewing Company fortune through his grandfather, founder Frederick Miller.	Harry G. John	1992
date of death	William Wayne Paul (1939--1989) was an American martial artist, educator, psychologist and social/political activist.	William Wayne Paul	1989
date of death	William Blenkiron (1807?--1871) was an English breeder of racehorses.	William Blenkiron	1871
date of death	Count Johan Gabriel Oxenstierna (19 July 1750 -- 29 July 1818) is considered one of the foremost Swedish poets of the Gustavian period.	Johan Gabriel Oxenstierna	29 July 1818
date of death	John Fitzedmund Fitzgerald (died 1589) was the hereditary Seneschal of Imokilly, an Irish nobleman of the Welsh-Norman FitzGerald dynasty in the province of Munster, who rebelled against the crown during the reign of Queen Elizabeth of England.	John Fitzedmund Fitzgerald	1589
date of death	Tiny Winters (Frederick Gittens, 24 January 1909, London--7 February 1996) was an English jazz bassist and vocalist who worked in the bands of Roy Fox, Bert Ambrose, Lew Stone and Ray Noble.	Tiny Winters	1996
date of death	May Wirth (6 June 1894 -- 18 October 1978) was an Australian circus and vaudeville performer famous for her ability to do somersaults forwards and backwards on a running horse.	May Wirth	18 October 1978
date of death	Sir David de la Hay (c. 1318--1346) was Lord High Constable of Scotland.	David de la Hay	1346
date of death	Ernesto Ambrosini (29 September 1894 -- 4 November 1951) was an Italian athlete who competed mainly in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Ernesto Ambrosini	4 November 1951
date of death	Balthasar Siberer (1679--1757) was an Austrian-born German gymnasium teacher, known for having been an early organ instructor of both Johann Ernst Eberlin and Leopold Mozart.	Balthasar Siberer	1757
date of death	Reidar Haaland (21 February 1919 -- 17 August 1945) was a police officer and voluntary frontline soldier for the German forces.	Reidar Haaland	17 August 1945
date of death	Tarun Chandra Pamegam was born in the year 1928 and he died in the year 1986.	Tarun Chandra Pamegam	1986
date of death	John Lack O'Sullivan (1976--19 November 2002) was a Gaelic footballer and Australian rules footballer.	John Lack O'Sullivan	2002
date of death	Horst Höltring (30 June 1913 -- 24 August 1943) was a German U-boat commander in World War II.	Horst Höltring	24 August 1943
date of death	Andrew J. Kuehn (September 24, 1937 -- January 29, 2004) is notable for revolutionizing the American film trailer in the early 1960s and for producing and directing featurette films for television like Lights, Camera, Annie!	Andrew J. Kuehn	2004
date of death	Lorna Bingham (1912 -- July 1970) was an Australian actress writer best known for her work on radio and her children's books.	Lorna Bingham	1970
date of death	Claus Pavels (8 January 1769--16 February 1822) was a Norwegian priest and diarist.	Claus Pavels	16 February 1822
date of death	Thomas Henry Poole (1860 -- 31 July 1919) was British-born architect who designed numerous churches and schools in New York City.	Thomas Henry Poole	31 July 1919
date of death	Patrick Villiers Farrow (1942--2009) was an American sculptor and lifelong peace and environmental activist.	Patrick Villiers Farrow	2009
date of death	Boļeslavs Maikovskis (21 January 1904 -- 19 April 1996) was a Latvian and alleged Nazi collaborator who served as chief of police for the second precinct of Rēzekne while the Germans occupied Latvia in World War II. After the war Maikovskis went to Austria before reaching the United States in 1951.	Boļeslavs Maikovskis	19 April 1996
date of death	Strickland Kneass (29 July 1821 Philadelphia - 14 January 1884 Philadelphia) was a United States civil engineer.	Strickland Kneass	14 January 1884
date of death	Louis Plaidy (28 November 1810 in Hubertusburg, Saxony -- 3 March 1874 in Grimma, Saxony) was a celebrated German piano pedagogue and compiler of books of technical music studies.	Louis Plaidy	3 March 1874
date of death	Frits von der Lippe (1 June 1901 -- 5 September 1988) was a Norwegian journalist and theatre director.	Frits von der Lippe	5 September 1988
date of death	Daniel Zwicker (22 January 1612 -- 10 November 1678) was a German physician from Danzig, and a Socinian theologian and controversialist of the Polish Brethren.	Daniel Zwicker	10 November 1678
date of death	Barnett Cohen (1891--1952) was a Russian-born American bacteriologist who performed the first ultra-microscopic surgeries, including on amoeba.	Barnett Cohen	1952
date of death	Finan of Lindisfarne (died 17 February 661), also known as Saint Finan, was an Irish monk, trained at Iona in Scotland, who became the second Bishop of Lindisfarne from 651 until 661.	Finan of Lindisfarne	661
date of death	James W. McLaughlin (1834--1923) was a Cincinnati, Ohio architect.	James W. McLaughlin	1923
date of death	Albert Bird (17 August 1867 -- 16 June 1927) was an English cricketer: a right-arm off-break bowler and lower-order right-handed batsman who played for Worcestershire for the first ten years of their existence as a first-class county.	Albert Bird	16 June 1927
date of death	Henry Clegg (8 December 1850 -- 30 December 1920) was an English first-class cricketer, who played six matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1881.	Henry Clegg	30 December 1920
date of death	Gene Gutchë (born Romeo Maximilian Eugene Ludwig Gutschë; 3 July 1907, Berlin -- 15 November 2000, White Bear Lake, Minnesota) was a German composer active primarily in America.	Gene Gutchë	15 November 2000
date of death	Mary Howard de Liagre, née Rogers (18 May 1913 -- 6 June 2009) was an American actress usually credited as Mary Howard.	Mary Howard de Liagre	6 June 2009
date of death	Oskar Sala (18 July 1910 -- 26 February 2002) was a 20th-century German physicist, composer and a pioneer of electronic music born in Greiz.	Oskar Sala	26 February 2002
date of death	Andrée Marlière (born Andrée Isabelle Germaine Marlier, Antwerp 22 February 1934 -- Wilrijk, St-Augustinus hospital 10 January 2008) is a Belgian ballet dancer and painter.	Andrée Marlière	10 January 2008
date of death	William Dance (20 December 1755 -- 5 June 1840) was an English pianist and violinist.	William Dance	5 June 1840
date of death	Susan Williams-Ellis (6 June 1918 -- 26 November 2007) was an English pottery designer, who was best known for co-founding Portmeirion Pottery.	Susan Williams-Ellis	26 November 2007
date of death	Lucy Wright (February 5, 1760 -- 1821) was the leader of the United Society of Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, also known as the Shakers, from 1796 until 1821.	Lucy Wright	1821
date of death	Ernest Worrall (1898--1972) was an English artist and teacher.	Ernest Worrall	1972
date of death	Benjamin Flight (1767?--1847), was an organ-builder.	Benjamin Flight	1847
date of death	Juan de Ugalde later also (wrongly) known by American settlers as Juan de Uvalde (December 9, 1729 -- 1816) was born in Cádiz, Spain.	Juan de Ugalde	1816
date of death	William II, Lord of Béthune, nicknamed William the Red (French: Guillaume le Roux de Bethune; d. April 1214) was French nobleman.	William II, Lord of Béthune	April 1214
date of death	Alex Chola (5 June 1956 -- 27 April 1993) was a Zambian footballer and coach.	Alex Chola	27 April 1993
date of death	António José da Silva Coutinho (8 May 1705 -- 18 October 1739) was a Brazilian dramatist, known as ``the Jew'' (O Judeu).	António José da Silva	18 October 1739
date of death	Charles Tennyson d'Eyncourt (20 July 1784 -- 21 July 1861), born Charles Tennyson, was a British politician, landowner and Member of Parliament (MP) for Stamford from 1831 to 1832 and for Lambeth from 1832 to 1852.	Charles Tennyson d'Eyncourt	21 July 1861
date of death	Benjamin Wrench (1778--1843), was an actor, born in 1778 in London, where his father occupied ``a lucrative appointment in the Exchequer.''	Benjamin Wrench	1843
date of death	Bentley Collingwood Hilliam, usually credited as B C Hilliam (1890--1968), was a singer, song-writer and musician, and the first-named member of the comedy duo Mr. Flotsam and Mr. Jetsam (Mr. Jetsam was Malcolm McEachern).	Bentley Collingwood Hilliam	1968
date of death	Sir James Leyburn (c1490-20 August 1548) was MP for Westmorland in 1542 and 1545.	James Leyburn	20 August 1548
date of death	Richard Eastcott (baptised 1744--1828) was an English clergyman and writer on music.	Richard Eastcott	1828
date of death	Ranald George Macdonald (29 August 1788 -- 11 March 1873) was a Scottish clan chief and Member of Parliament.	Ranald George Macdonald	11 March 1873
date of death	Giovanni Picchi (1571 or 1572 -- 17 May 1643) was an Italian composer, organist, lutenist, and harpsichordist of the early Baroque era.	Giovanni Picchi	17 May 1643
date of death	Francesco Vaccaro or Vicaro (24 September 1636 -- 13 December 1675) was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque period, who trained in his native Bologna under Francesco Albani.	Francesco Vaccaro	13 December 1675
date of death	Sir Patrick Lindesay, KCB, KCH (24 February 1778 -- 14 March 1839) was a military officer during the Napoleonic Wars and Peninsular War but is most noted as having served as Acting Governor of New South Wales, Australia in 1831.	Patrick Lindesay	14 March 1839
date of death	Liu Yiming (1734--1821) was one of the main representatives of Taoist Internal Alchemy, or Neidan.	Liu Yiming	1821
date of death	Patricio Samper Gnecco (1 November 1930 -- 5 January 2006) was a Colombia architect, urbanist and politician.	Patricio Samper Gnecco	5 January 2006
date of death	Lionel Tollemache, 3rd Earl of Dysart (30 January 1649 -- 23 February 1727 n.s.)	Lionel Tollemache, 3rd Earl of Dysart	23 February 1727
date of death	Gruffydd Vychan ap Iowerth Goch (1150 - 1221) was a medieval British knight and Marcher lord.	Gruffydd Vychan ap Iowerth	1221
date of death	Peter Graham Scott (27 October 1923 -- 5 August 2007) was an English film producer, film director, film editor and screenwriter.	Peter Graham Scott	5 August 2007
date of death	Right Reverend Jacob Bastiampillai Deogupillai (9 April 1917 -- 25 April 2003) was a Ceylon Tamil priest and Roman Catholic Bishop of Jaffna.	Bastiampillai Deogupillai	25 April 2003
date of death	Lithang Tulku Tenzin Delek Rinpoche or Tenzing Deleg (Tibetan: བསྟན་འཛིན་བདེ་ལེགས་, Wylie: Bstan 'dzin bde legs) (1950 -- 12 July 2015) was a Tibetan Buddhist leader from Garze, Sichuan.	Tenzin Delek Rinpoche	12 July 2015
date of death	Rajkumari Singh (October 13, 1923 -- 1979) was an Indo-Caribbean, Guyanese writer, political activist, educator, and cultural leader.	Rajkumari Singh	1979
date of death	Ernest Harry Vestine (May 9, 1906 -- July 18, 1968) was an American geophysicist and meteorologist.	Ernest Harry Vestine	1968
date of death	Philip Zec (25 December 1909 -- 14 July 1983) was a British political cartoonist and editor.	Philip Zec	14 July 1983
date of death	Lucia Anguissola (1536 or 1538 -- c. 1565, before 1568) was an Italian mannerist painter of the late Renaissance.	Lucia Anguissola	1565
date of death	Antonio Amurri (28 June 1925 -- 18 December 1992) was an Italian author, radio and television writer and lyricist.	Antonio Amurri	18 December 1992
date of death	Koh Eng Tong (1921-2006) was a Malaysian athlete, professional photographer and founder of Eng Tong System Sdn.	Koh Eng Tong	2006
date of death	The Washington Post stated in 1909 shortly after his death that ``John Ericsson has for years monopolized all of the credit for inventing and building the Monitor, but as a matter of fact he was joint inventor with Theodore Timby.''	Theodore Timby	1909
date of death	Thomas St George (1615--1703) was an English officer of arms who rose to the rank of Garter Principal King of Arms (1686--1703).	Thomas St George	1703
date of death	Maria Leopoldine of Austria-Tyrol (6 April 1632 -- 7 August 1649) was the second spouse of her first cousin, Holy Roman Emperor Ferdinand III. As such, she was empress of the Holy Roman Empire.	Maria Leopoldine of Austria	7 August 1649
date of death	John Sheffield, 2nd Baron Sheffield, of Butterwick (c. 1538 -- 10 December 1568) was the first son of Edmund Sheffield, 1st Baron Sheffield, and Lady Anne de Vere.	John Sheffield, 2nd Baron Sheffield	10 December 1568
date of death	Theophylact of Ohrid (Greek Θεοφύλακτος, surname¨Ηφαιστος, Bulgarian Теофилакт Охридски, also known as Theophylact of Bulgaria) (around 1055--after 1107) was a Greek archbishop of Ohrid and commentator on the Bible.	Theophylact of Ohrid	1107
date of death	Simon Kooper, Nama name: ǃGomxab, (before 1860--31 January 1913) was the Captain of the ǃKharakhoen (Fransman Nama), a subtribe of the Nama people in Namibia from 1863 to 1909.	Simon Kooper	31 January 1913
date of death	Esau de' Buondelmonti (Greek: Ησαύ Μπουοντελμόντ) was the ruler of Ioannina and its surrounding area (central Epirus) from 1385 to his death in 1411, with the Byzantine title of Despot.	Esau de' Buondelmonti	1411
date of death	Alex Barningham (22 August 1889 -- 4 January 1956) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alex Barningham	4 January 1956
date of death	Jean-Hilaire Aubame (10 November 1912 -- 16 August 1989) was a Gabonese politician active during both the colonial and independence periods.	Jean-Hilaire Aubame	16 August 1989
date of death	Sean Ethan Owen (1980--2004) was a gay American white man who was murdered in Durham, North Carolina in February 2004.	Sean Ethan Owen	2004
date of death	Agnes Bernelle (7 March 1923 -- 15 February 1999) was a German actress and singer, who lived in England for most her life.	Agnes Bernelle	15 February 1999
date of death	Alessandro Plotti (8 August 1932 -- 19 October 2015) was an Italian Roman Catholic Archbishop.	Alessandro Plotti	19 October 2015
date of death	Joseph Willard (29 December 1738 -- 25 September 1804) was an American Congregational clergyman and academic.	Joseph Willard	25 September 1804
date of death	Kharkhul (English name:Khara Khula; died 1634) was a Choros-Oirat prince and tayishi of the Choros tribe.	Kharkhul	1634
date of death	Stella Ross-Craig (19 March 1906 -- 6 February 2006) was an English illustrator best known as a prolific illustrator of native flora.	Stella Ross-Craig	6 February 2006
date of death	Alexander Craighead (1705--1766) was a Scots-Irish American preacher.	Alexander Craighead	1766
date of death	François Debret (1777--1850) was a French architect and Freemason.	François Debret	1850
date of death	Bardhyl Çaushi (1936--1999) was a Kosovo Albanian human rights lawyer and activist.	Bardhyl Çaushi	1999
date of death	Count Franz Anton von Kolowrat-Liebsteinsky (Czech: František Antonín Kolovrat-Libštejnský; 31 January 1778 -- 4 April 1861) was a Bohemian noble and Austrian statesman.	Franz Anton von Kolowrat-Liebsteinsky	4 April 1861
date of death	Bimal Kar (Bengali: বিমল কর)(19 September 1921 -- 26 August 2003) was an eminent Bengali writer and novelist.	Bimal Kar	26 August 2003
date of death	Erik Julin (13 November 1796 -- 21 June 1874) was a Finnish apothecary, shipowner and industrialist.	Erik Julin	21 June 1874
date of death	Zenzile Miriam Makeba (4 March 1932 -- 9 November 2008), nicknamed Mama Africa, was a South African singer and civil rights activist.	Miriam Makeba	9 November 2008
date of death	Sam Snell (8 May 1911 -- 26 June 2002) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Sam Snell	26 June 2002
date of death	Philip Guthrie Hoffman (6 August 1915 -- 29 October 2008) was the fifth president of the University of Houston, and the first chancellor of the University of Houston System.	Philip Guthrie Hoffman	29 October 2008
date of death	Richard Pearsall (29 August 1698 -- 10 November 1762) was an English Congregationalist minister and friend of Philip Doddridge.	Richard Pearsall	10 November 1762
date of death	Thomas Sewell Robins (1810 -- 1880) was a British painter of maritime themes.	Thomas Sewell Robins	1880
date of death	William Arthur Evelyn (4 October 1860 -- 6 January 1935) was a distinguished historian of York, and the creator of The Evelyn Collection.	William Arthur Evelyn	6 January 1935
date of death	Charles Hamilton, 8th Earl of Haddington DL (5 July 1753 -- 17 March 1828) was a Scottish nobleman.	Charles Hamilton, 8th Earl of Haddington	17 March 1828
date of death	William Henry James Weale (8 March 1832 -- 1917) was a British art historian who lived and worked most of his life in Bruges and was one of the first to research the Early Netherlandish painting (then better known as ``Flemish Primitives'') extensively.	William Henry James Weale	1917
date of death	Foster Moverley McRae, commonly known as Peter McRae (12 February 1916 -- 25 February 1944) was an English cricketer who played 25 first-class matches for Somerset County Cricket Club between 1936 and 1939.	Peter McRae	25 February 1944
date of death	Mitchell Goodman (1923--1997) was an American writer, teacher, and activist.	Mitchell Goodman	1997
date of death	George Salter (5 October 1897 -- 31 October 1967), born Georg Salter, was an originally German, and from 1940 onwards US-American book cover designer.	George Salter	31 October 1967
date of death	Joseph Jay Deiss (1912--1999), an American author, businessman, historian and archaeologist was born in Twin Falls, Idaho and graduated from the University of Texas, where he also received his Masters.	Joseph Jay Deiss	1999
date of death	Sir Archibald Alison, 1st Baronet, GCB, FRSE (29 December 1792 -- 23 May 1867) was a Scottish advocate and historian.	Sir Archibald Alison, 1st Baronet	23 May 1867
date of death	Lwandile Zwelenkosi Matanzima (1970/71 -- 22 May 2010) was a South African clan leader and ruler as king of Western Thembuland.	Lwandile Zwelenkosi Matanzima	22 May 2010
date of death	Anne Macnaghten, CBE (9 August 1908 -- 31 December 2000) was a British classical violinist and pedagogue.	Anne Macnaghten	31 December 2000
date of death	William of Wykeham (1320 or 1324 -- 27 September 1404) was Bishop of Winchester and Chancellor of England.	William of Wykeham	27 September 1404
date of death	Richard Louis Dugdale (1841 -- 23 July 1883) was an American merchant and sociologist, best known for his 1877 family study, The Jukes:	Richard Louis Dugdale	23 July 1883
date of death	Thomas Exley (9 December 1774 -- 17 February 1855) was an English schoolmaster and schoolkeeper, who taught and occasionally published on mathematics, but was better known for advancing controversial scientific theories and for theological discussions, with special reference to Methodism.	Thomas Exley	17 February 1855
date of death	Kevin John Hewitt 1957 - 2001 (died aged 44) was involved with many circuses throughout his life, most notably the world famous Blackpool Tower Circus, where he was the ringmaster throughout 1996 and 1997, before moving to Ireland.	Kevin John Hewitt	2001
date of death	Piotr Fergusson Tepper (1713-1794) was a Polish banker of German burgher origin, merchant and industrial entrepreneur.	Piotr Fergusson Tepper	1794
date of death	Horace Wass (26 August 1903 -- 14 January 1969) was an English sportsman, who made over 400 Football League appearances playing football for Chesterfield from 1920 to 1937 and for Southport in 1937.	Horace Wass	14 January 1969
date of death	Francis Martin Sewell Stokes (16 November 1902, London -- 2 November 1979, London) was an English novelist, biographer, playwright, screenwriter, broadcaster and prison visitor.	Sewell Stokes	2 November 1979
date of death	Arun Thapa (born January 1952 -- 22 July 1999) was a famous Nepali singer and songwriter.	Arun Thapa	1999
date of death	Scroop Egerton, 1st Duke of Bridgewater (11 August 1681 -- 11 January 1744), known as Viscount Brackley from 1687 to 1701 and as the Earl of Bridgewater from 1701 to 1720, was a British peer and courtier from the Egerton family.	Scroop Egerton, 1st Duke of Bridgewater	11 January 1744
date of death	Etuate Tavai (died 1999) served as Attorney General of Fiji from 1996 to 1999.	Etuate Tavai	1999
date of death	Fanny Parkes (née Frances Susannah Archer) (1794--1875) was a Welsh travel writer.	Fanny Parkes	1875
date of death	Sir John Pelham, 3rd Baronet (1623--1703) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England variously between 1644 and 1698.	Sir John Pelham, 3rd Baronet	1703
date of death	Philip Gale (1978--1998) was an American pioneering Internet software developer, computer prodigy, and sophomore student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).	Philip Gale	1998
date of death	Jiří Nigrin (Černý) z Černého Mostu, since about 1590 titled z Nigropontu (died 1606) was an important printer in Prague between 1572 and 1606.	Jiří Nigrin	1606
date of death	Ahmad Rahi (12 November 1923 -- 2 September 2002) was a Punjabi poet and writer from Pakistan.	Ahmad Rahi	2 September 2002
date of death	Sir Mark Oldroyd (30 May 1843 -- 5 July 1927) was a British woollen manufacturer and Liberal Party politician from West Yorkshire.	Mark Oldroyd	5 July 1927
date of death	Charlie Meadway (16 October 1879 -- 1 January 1962) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Charlie Meadway	1 January 1962
date of death	Sir Richard Symons, 1st Baronet (c. 1743 -- 4 July 1796), was a British politician.	Richard Symons	4 July 1796
date of death	The Right Reverend Thomas Casady (June 6, 1881 -- 1958) was the third missionary bishop of Oklahoma and the first diocesan bishop of the Diocese of Oklahoma of the Episcopal Church, USA.	Thomas Casady	1958
date of death	James William Edmund Doyle (22 October 1822 -- 3 December 1892) was an antiquary and illustrator.	James William Edmund Doyle	3 December 1892
date of death	Josiah Ogden Watson (24 September 1784 -- 12 June 1852) was an American planter, physician, and statesman from North Carolina.	Josiah Ogden Watson	12 June 1852
date of death	Rejabhad, or Rejab bin Had, (23 August, - 14 November 2002), was a Malaysian cartoonist.	Rejabhad	14 November 2002
date of death	Clayton Valli (1951--2003) was a prominent deaf linguist and American Sign Language (ASL) poet whose work helped further to legitimize ASL and introduce people to the richness of American Sign Language literature.	Clayton Valli	2003
date of death	John Edward Jennings (1906--1973) was an American historical novelist, author of many best-selling novels of American history and seagoing adventure.	John Edward Jennings	1973
date of death	Saint Fergus (also Fergustian) (died c. 730 AD) was a bishop who worked in Scotland as a missionary.	Saint Fergus	730
date of death	Sir George Buchan-Hepburn, 1st Baronet (1739--1819) was a Scottish lawyer and judge.	George Buchan-Hepburn	1819
date of death	Herbert Bolt (1893--1916) was a pioneer Australian rugby league player, a state representative centre and soldier who served and fell in World War I. He is one of 75 Australian soldiers whose remains were identified by name in 2010 by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission as part of the Fromelles Military Cemetery project.	Herbert Bolt	1916
date of death	Leonard Max Gumpel (23 April 1890 -- 3 August 1965) was a Swedish building contractor and Olympic swimmer and water polo player.	Max Gumpel	3 August 1965
date of death	José Antonio Momeñe Campo (15 August 1940 -- 23 December 2010) was a Spanish professional road bicycle racer, who finished 4th place in the general classification of the 1966 Tour de France.	José Antonio Momeñe	23 December 2010
date of death	W. A. Silva (16 January 1890 -- 3 May 1957) was a best-selling author of Sinhala literature.	W. A. Silva	3 May 1957
developer	Rybka is a computer chess engine designed by International Master Vasik Rajlich.	Rybka	Vasik Rajlich
developer	Darklight Conflict is a space combat simulator video game developed by Rage Software and published by Electronic Arts in 1997 for PCs running MS-DOS or versions of Microsoft Windows before Windows 2000, and the Sega Saturn and Sony PlayStation game consoles.	Darklight Conflict	Rage Software
developer	Jeremy McGrath Supercross World is a Racing video game released in 2001 by Acclaim Entertainment.	Jeremy McGrath Supercross World	Acclaim Entertainment
developer	JumpStart 1st Grade (known as Jump Ahead Year 1 in the United Kingdom) is a personal computer game created by Knowledge Adventure in 1994 intended to teach a 1st grade curriculum.	JumpStart 1st Grade	Knowledge Adventure
developer	8-Bit Sampled Voice (8SVX) is an audio file format standard developed by Electronic Arts for the Commodore-Amiga computer series.	8SVX	Electronic Arts
developer	Windows Phone (WP) is a family of mobile operating systems developed by Microsoft for smartphones as the replacement successor to Windows Mobile and Zune.	Windows Phone	Microsoft
developer	Tizen is a project within the Linux Foundation and is governed by a Technical Steering Group (TSG) composed of Samsung and Intel among others.	Tizen	Linux Foundation	Samsung	Intel
developer	Developed by TikGames and published by Square Enix, Scarygirl was released on January 18, 2012 with an ESRB rating of 10+.	Scarygirl	TikGames
developer	The first SHMEM library, libsma, was created by Cray in 1993.	SHMEM	Cray
developer	X-Note is an otome game based on Adobe Flash, therefore it can be played on multiple platforms such as Windows, Linux and Mac OS. The game was developed and published by Zeiva Inc and was released on March 8, 2011.	X-Note	Zeiva Inc
developer	Google AdSense is a program run by Google that allows publishers in the Google Network of content sites to serve automatic text, image, video, or interactive media advertisements, that are targeted to site content and audience.	AdSense	Google
developer	Empire of Sports is an online multiple-sport MMORPG developed by the French company F4, that advertises itself as the first ever of that style.	Empire of Sports	F4
developer	Supreme Commander 2 is a real-time strategy (RTS) video game developed by Gas Powered Games and published by Square Enix.	Supreme Commander 2	Gas Powered Games
developer	Toy Racer is a racing game for the Dreamcast made by No Cliché and published by Sega.	Toy Racer	No Cliché
developer	Dungeon Hero was to have been a hack-and-slash role-playing video game developed by Firefly Studios and published by Gamecock Media Group.	Dungeon Hero	Firefly Studios
developer	Unreal Championship is a first-person shooter video game co-developed by Epic Games and Digital Extremes.	Unreal Championship	Epic Games
developer	Grand Theft Auto V is an open world, action-adventure video game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games.	Grand Theft Auto V	Rockstar North
developer	Mutant Storm Reloaded is a multi-directional shoot 'em up developed by PomPom Games.	Mutant Storm Reloaded	PomPom Games
developer	Madden NFL Football (sometimes mislabeled as Madden NFL 3D) is a sports video game for the Nintendo 3DS which was developed by EA Sports.	Madden NFL Football	EA Sports
developer	Panzer Strike is a 1987 tactical level simulation of small unit actions game set in World War II. It was made for Apple II and Commodore 64 and was released by Strategic Simulations, Inc. The game included an editor as well as over 250 weapon types; single scenarios can last up to 2 hours.	Panzer Strike	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
developer	Action 52 is an unlicensed multicart video game compilation developed by Active Enterprises for the NES, and Farsight Technologies for the Sega Genesis.	Action 52	Active Enterprises
developer	Quake Live is a first-person shooter video game by id Software.	Quake Live	id Software
developer	Eliminate Pro (also known as Eliminate) was a first-person shooter developed for iOS by Ngmoco.	Eliminate Pro	Ngmoco
developer	Down in the Dumps is a 1996 computer adventure game developed for MS-DOS and Microsoft Windows, by the French Haiku Studios and published by Philips Media.	Down in the Dumps	Haiku Studios
developer	Critter Round-Up (Saku Saku Animal Panic in Japan) is a puzzle video game developed by Epicenter Studios and Konami for the Wii.	Critter Round-Up	Epicenter Studios
developer	Countdown to Doom is a text adventure computer game, more recently termed interactive fiction, written in 1982 by Peter Killworth.	Countdown to Doom	Peter Killworth
developer	Battles in Time was a PC video game and was the only product co-developed by Quantum Quality Productions and American Laser Games.	Battles in Time	Quantum Quality Productions
developer	Chip's Challenge is a top-down tile-based puzzle video game originally published in 1989 by Epyx as a launch title for the Atari Lynx.	Chip's Challenge	Epyx
developer	Crystal Mines II is a puzzle video game designed by Ken Beckett (who also served as lead programmer) for Color Dreams and licensed to Atari, who published it as a cartridge for their Atari Lynx color handheld game console.	Crystal Mines II	Color Dreams
developer	Puzzle & Dragons Z + Super Mario Bros. Edition is a 2015 puzzle game for Nintendo 3DS developed by GungHo Online Entertainment.	Puzzle & Dragons Z + Super Mario Bros. Edition	GungHo Online Entertainment
developer	The Sims Social was a Facebook videogame developed by Playfish and EA, taking place in a fictional town called Littlehaven.	The Sims Social	Playfish
developer	Tony Hawk's Proving Ground is a video game developed by Vicarious Visions for the Nintendo DS, by Neversoft for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and by Page 44 Studios for the PlayStation 2 and Wii.	Tony Hawk's Proving Ground	Vicarious Visions
director	The Young Nun or La suora giovane is a 1965 Italian romantic drama film directed by Bruno Paolinelli.	The Young Nun	Bruno Paolinelli
director	In the Name of the Fatherland (Russian: Во имя Родины, Vo imya Rodini) is a 1943 Soviet film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Dmitriy Vasilyev based on the play Russian People by Konstantin Simonov.	In the Name of the Fatherland	Vsevolod Pudovkin
director	The Only Good Indian is a 2009 independent feature film directed by Kevin Willmott.	The Only Good Indian	Kevin Willmott
director	Life with Henry is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Theodore Reed and written by Clifford Goldsmith and Don Hartman.	Life with Henry	Theodore Reed
director	The Deadly Tower, also known as Sniper, is a 1975 television film directed by Jerry Jameson.	The Deadly Tower	Jerry Jameson
director	The Gang of Eight (Spanish:La banda de los ocho) is a 1962 Mexican-Spanish comedy film directed by Tulio Demicheli.	The Gang of Eight	Tulio Demicheli
director	Féminin, masculin is a 2007 Iranian documentary film directed by Sadaf Foroughi and co-authored by Foroughi and Kiarash Anvari.	Féminin, masculin	Sadaf Foroughi
director	Who's Your Neighbor? is a 1917 silent American propaganda and drama film directed by S. Rankin Drew.	Who's Your Neighbor?	S. Rankin Drew
director	Mole Men Against the Son of Hercules (Maciste, l'uomo più forte del mondo) is a 1961 Italian film directed by Antonio Leonviola.	Mole Men Against the Son of Hercules	Antonio Leonviola
director	The Scarlet West is a 1925 silent film historical drama directed by John G. Adolfi and starring Robert Frazer and Clara Bow.	The Scarlet West	John G. Adolfi
director	A Simple Case (Russian: Простой случай, Prostoy sloochay) is a 1932 Soviet film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Mikhail Doller.	A Simple Case	Vsevolod Pudovkin	Mikhail Doller
director	Things Happen at Night is a 1947 British supernatural ghost comedy film directed by Francis Searle and starring Gordon Harker, Alfred Drayton, Robertson Hare and Gwynneth Vaughan.	Things Happen at Night	Francis Searle
director	Last Plane to Baalbek (also known as Operation Baalbeck) is a 1964 Eurospy film directed by Marcello Giannini and Hugo Fregonese.	Last Plane to Baalbek	Hugo Fregonese
director	A Victim of the Mormons (Danish: Mormonens Offer) is a 1911 Danish silent film directed by August Blom.	A Victim of the Mormons	August Blom
director	Kiladi Ranga (Kannada: ಕಿಲಾಡಿ ರಂಗ) is a 1966 Indian Kannada film, directed by G. V. Iyer and produced by B. S. Ranga.	Kiladi Ranga	G. V. Iyer
director	Man in the Attic is a 1953 mystery film directed by Hugo Fregonese.	Man in the Attic	Hugo Fregonese
director	Hot Rod Girl is a 1956 action film directed by Leslie H. Martinson and released by American International Pictures as a double feature with Girls in Prison.	Hot Rod Girl	Leslie H. Martinson
director	Cheerleader Queens (Thai: ว้ายบึ้ม! เชียร์กระหึ่มโลก; aka I'm Lady) is a 2003 Thai film directed by Poj Arnon.	Cheerleader Queens	Poj Arnon
director	Hubal (film) is a Polish historical film directed by Bohdan Poręba.	Hubal (film)	Bohdan Poręba
director	Room for Two is a 1940 British comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey.	Room for Two	Maurice Elvey
director	How Awful About Allan is a 1970 made-for-television psychological thriller film, directed by Curtis Harrington, the first of two collaborations with writer Henry Farrell (the other was What's the Matter with Helen?), and starring Anthony Perkins and Julie Harris.	How Awful About Allan	Curtis Harrington
director	Her Husband's Secret is a 1925 American silent film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Antonio Moreno, Patsy Ruth Miller and Ruth Clifford.	Her Husband's Secret	Frank Lloyd
director	Sons of Provo is a 2004 film written by Peter Brown and Will Swenson, and directed by Will Swenson.	Sons of Provo	Will Swenson
director	Bujjigadu (Telugu: బుజ్జిగాడు) is a 2008 Telugu language film directed by Puri Jagannadh and produced by K. S. Rama Rao.	Bujjigadu	Puri Jagannadh
director	The Servant in the House is a lost 1921 American silent drama film directed by Jack Conway based on a 1908 Broadway play, The Servant in the House by Charles Rann Kennedy.	The Servant in the House	Jack Conway
director	Break Loose (Russian: Восьмёрка) is a 2013 Russian action film directed by Alexei Uchitel.	Break Loose	Alexei Uchitel
director	The Wishing-Table (German:Tischlein, deck dich) is a 1956 West German family film directed by Fritz Genschow and starring Werner Stock, Wolfgang Draeger and Harald Dietl.	The Wishing-Table	Fritz Genschow
director	The Very Idea is an American comedy film directed by Frank Craven and Richard Rosson and written by William Le Baron, based on his play of the same title.	The Very Idea	Richard Rosson
director	The Legend of Bigfoot is a 1976 American pseudo-documentary film directed by Harry Winer.	The Legend of Bigfoot	Harry Winer
director	Hibernatus is a 1969 French-Italian comedy directed by Édouard Molinaro and written by Jean Bernard-Luc.	Hibernatus	Édouard Molinaro
director	Strange Evidence (also known as Dance of the Witches, and Wife in Pawn ) is a 1933 U.K crime film directed by Robert Milton, produced by Alexander Korda and written by Lajos Biró and Miles Malleson.	Strange Evidence	Robert Milton
director	Insiang is a 1976 Filipino drama film directed by Lino Brocka, adapted from the teleplay of the same name by Mario O'Hara (who also co-wrote the screenplay), which tells of a young poverty-ridden woman who seeks revenge for those who have ruined her life.	Insiang	Lino Brocka
director	Mumbai Godfather is the name of an Indian Bollywood film directed by Deepak Balraj Vij released on 23 September 2005.	Mumbai Godfather	Deepak Balraj Vij
director	Falešná kočička aneb Když si žena umíní is a Czech silent comedy film directed by Svatopluk Innemann.	Falešná kočička aneb Když si žena umíní	Svatopluk Innemann
director	My Left Breast is a 2002 Canadian documentary film, produced by Pope Productions and directed and filmed by filmmaker Gerry Rogers and her partner Peg Norman.	My Left Breast	Gerry Rogers	Peg Norman
director	Suvarna Sethuve (Kannada: ಸುವರ್ಣ ಸೇತುವೆ) is a 1982 Indian Kannada film, directed by Geethapriya and produced by B. P. Baliga, B. S. Baliga and B. M. Baliga.	Suvarna Sethuve	Geethapriya
director	The Neglected Wife is a 1917 American drama film serial directed by William Bertram.	The Neglected Wife	William Bertram
director	The Ugly Boy (Hungarian: A csúnya fiú) is a 1918 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.	The Ugly Boy	Michael Curtiz
director	Estrellados is a 1930 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Salvador de Alberich and Edward Sedgwick and written by Salvador de Alberich, Paul Dickey and Richard Schayer.	Estrellados	Edward Sedgwick
director	Sitting Target or Screaming Target is a 1972 British film directed by Douglas Hickox and shot in London.	Sitting Target	Douglas Hickox
director	14-18 (also known as Over There, 1914-18) is a 1963 French documentary film about World War I, directed by Jean Aurel.	14-18	Jean Aurel
director	The Story Without a Name is a 1924 silent film melodrama directed by Irvin Willat and based on a novel by Arthur Stringer.	The Story Without a Name	Irvin Willat
director	Every Bastard a King (Hebrew: כל ממזר מלך‎, translit. Kol Mamzer Melech) is a 1968 Israeli drama film directed by Uri Zohar.	Every Bastard a King	Uri Zohar
director	Wohin? is a 1988 German drama film directed by Herbert Achternbusch.	Wohin?	Herbert Achternbusch
director	Blood on Wolf Mountain, also known as The Wolf Hill, Bloodbath in Langshan, and Bloodshed on Wolf Mountain, is a Chinese film directed by acclaimed Shanghainese film director Fei Mu.	Blood on Wolf Mountain	Fei Mu
director	The Girl from Florida Street (Spanish: La Chica de la calle Florida) is a 1922 Argentine silent film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra.	The Girl from Florida Street	José A. Ferreyra
director	Hearts in Conflict is a 1912 American romantic drama film directed by Edward LeSaint.	Hearts in Conflict	Edward LeSaint
director	Oru Nadigai Natakam Parkiral (English: An Actress Witnesses a Play) is a 1978 Indian Tamil film directed by A. Bhimsingh.	Oru Nadigai Natakam Parkiral	A. Bhimsingh
director	Meiseken is a 1937 German drama film directed by Hans Deppe and starring Josef Eichheim, Susi Lanner and Oskar Sima.	Meiseken	Hans Deppe
director	Holding Hope is a 2010 Nigerian drama film written by Uduak Isong Oguamanam, produced by Emem Isong and Uche Jombo, and directed by Desmond Elliot.	Holding Hope	Desmond Elliot
director	Seryi Volk & Krasnaya Shapochka, literally ``Grey Wolf and Little Red Riding Hood'' is a claymation film, produced in the USSR by Garri Bardin in 1990, a year before the USSR actually did break up.	Seryi Volk & Krasnaya Shapochka	Garri Bardin
director	City of Pain (Italian: La città dolente) is a 1948 Italian drama film directed by Mario Bonnard.	City of Pain	Mario Bonnard
director	Race Gurram (English: Race Horse) is a 2014 Telugu action-comedy film directed by Surender Reddy and produced by Nallamalupu Srinivas under his banner Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Productions.	Race Gurram	Surender Reddy
director	Hababam Sınıfı Sınıfta Kaldı (The Chaos Class Failed The Class) is a 1975 Turkish comedy film, directed by Ertem Eğilmez based on a novel by Rıfat Ilgaz.	Hababam Sınıfı Sınıfta Kaldı	Ertem Eğilmez
director	Annakutty Kodambakkam Vilikkunnu is a 1989 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Jagathy Sreekumar, starring Jagathy Sreekumar and Sreeja in the lead roles.	Annakutty Kodambakkam Vilikkunnu	Jagathy Sreekumar
director	Ashita wa Ashita no Kaze ga Fuku (明日は明日の風が吹く) is a 1958 color Japanese film directed by Umetsugu Inoue.	Ashita wa Ashita no Kaze ga Fuku	Umetsugu Inoue
director	Sweet Lies and Loving Oaths (French: Doux aveux) is a Canadian drama film, directed by Fernand Dansereau and released in 1982.	Sweet Lies and Loving Oaths	Fernand Dansereau
director	The Apartment Complex is a 1999 American thriller television film directed by Tobe Hooper.	The Apartment Complex	Tobe Hooper
director	Iru Medhaigal (Tamil: இரு மேதைகள்) is a 1984 Indian Tamil film, directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by Muktha Ramasami.	Iru Medhaigal	Muktha Srinivasan
director	Huie's Sermon (German: Huies Predigt) is a 1981 documentary film made for television by Werner Herzog.	Huie's Sermon	Werner Herzog
director	High Rolling (also called High Rolling in a Hot Corvette) is an Australian buddy comedy directed by Igor Auzins and written by Forest Redlich.	High Rolling	Igor Auzins
director	The Three-Day Reign (삼일천하 - Samil cheonha) aka Three Days of Their Reign is a 1973 South Korean film directed by Shin Sang-ok.	The Three-Day Reign	Shin Sang-ok
director	A Luz do Tom is a 2013 Brazilian documentary film directed by Nelson Pereira dos Santos, based on the book Antonio Carlos Jobim: um Homem Iluminado, written by Helena Jobim.	A Luz do Tom	Nelson Pereira dos Santos
director	The Circus Cavalcade (Spanish:La cabalgata del circo) is a 1945 Argentine musical film directed and written by Mario Soffici with Eduardo Boneo and Francisco Madrid.	The Circus Cavalcade	Mario Soffici
director	Tesoro mio (also spelled Tesoromio) is a 1979 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Giulio Paradisi.	Tesoro mio	Giulio Paradisi
director	City of Play is a 1929 British drama film directed by Denison Clift and starring Chili Bouchier, Patrick Aherne and Lawson Butt.	City of Play	Denison Clift
director	Sunday Dinner for a Soldier is a 1944 motion picture directed by Lloyd Bacon and based on a novelette by Martha Cheavens.	Sunday Dinner for a Soldier	Lloyd Bacon
director	The Blood Spattered Bride (Spanish: La Novia Ensangrentada translation: ``The Bloody Bride'') is a 1972 Spanish horror film written and directed by Vicente Aranda, based on the vampire story, ``Carmilla'' by Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu.	The Blood Spattered Bride	Vicente Aranda
director	Will Not End Here (Nije kraj) is a 2008 Croatian / Serbian co-production directed by Vinko Brešan.	Will Not End Here	Vinko Brešan
director	Megh Roddur (Bengali: মেঘ রোদ্দুর) (English: Clouds and Sunlight)is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Surajit Dhar and Sudarhan Basu and produced under the banner of DK Entertainment.	Megh Roddur	Surajit Dhar
director	Puthagam (English: Book) is a 2013 Tamil film directed by television personality Vijay Adhiraj and produced by S. Manjula for Ram Pictures Private Limited.	Puthagam	Vijay Adhiraj
director	Not Ok Here, Not Ok Anywhere is a 2012 British short film directed by Hannan Majid and Richard York, and stars Jeannette Tucker.	Not Ok Here, Not Ok Anywhere	Hannan Majid
director	Riders of the Dawn (Spanish: Los Jinetes del Alba) is a 1990 Spanish film, written and directed by Vicente Aranda, an adaptation of a novel by Jesús Fernández Santos.	Riders of the Dawn	Vicente Aranda
director	All Women Have Secrets is a 1939 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Agnes Christine Johnston.	All Women Have Secrets	Kurt Neumann
director	Abilene Town is a 1946 western film directed by Edwin L. Marin.	Abilene Town	Edwin L. Marin
director	The Boys of Baraka is a 2005 documentary film produced and directed by filmmakers Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady.	The Boys of Baraka	Heidi Ewing	Rachel Grady
director	A Man Called Dagger (1968) is a low-budget spy film that was the first collaboration between director Richard Rush, cinematographer László Kovács and stuntman Gary Warner Kent (who also did the film's special effects).	A Man Called Dagger	Richard Rush
director	Bangarada Kalasha (Kannada: ಬಂಗಾರದ ಕಳಶ) is a 1995 Indian Kannada film, directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by S Shankar.	Bangarada Kalasha	H. R. Bhargava
director	Climbing High is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Carol Reed.	Climbing High	Carol Reed
director	Pretty Ugly People is a 2008 American black comedy-drama film written and directed by Tate Taylor, and his feature film debut.	Pretty Ugly People	Tate Taylor
director	Titan A.E. is a 2000 American animated science fiction adventure film directed by Don Bluth and Gary Goldman.	Titan A.E.	Don Bluth	Gary Goldman
director	Without Evidence is a 1995 thriller co-written by Gill Dennis and Phil Stanford.	Without Evidence	Gill Dennis
director	Sayahnam (English: Twilight) is a 2000 Malayalam feature film that marks the directorial debut of R. Sarath with screenplay by himself.	Sayahnam	R. Sarath
director	Persécution is a 2009 romantic-drama film directed by Patrice Chéreau.	Persécution	Patrice Chéreau
director	Dark Rising is a science fiction comedy franchise created by Andrew Cymek and adapted for film and television by Mihkel Harilaid.	Dark Rising	Andrew Cymek
director	Body Business is a 1986 Australian TV mini-series directed by Colin Eggleston set against the background of the world of modelling.	Body Business	Colin Eggleston
director	Greenwich Village Story is a 1963 feature film written and directed by Jack O'Connell.	Greenwich Village Story	Jack O'Connell
director	Parinati (English: The Inevitable) is a 1989 Hindi film directed by Prakash Jha.	Parinati	Prakash Jha
director	Lost in the Crowd is a documentary film by Austrian filmmaker Susi Graf about LGBT homeless youth in New York City.	Lost in the Crowd	Susi Graf
director	Tsatsiki, morsan och polisen is a 1999 Swedish film directed by Ella Lemhagen, based on the books about Tsatsiki written by Moni Nilsson-Brännström.	Tsatsiki, morsan och polisen	Ella Lemhagen
director	Deliciously Amoral (Spanish: Deliciosamente amoral) is a 1969 Argentine sex comedy film directed by Julio Porter, starring Libertad Leblanc, Guillermo Bredeston, and Rodolfo Onetto.	Deliciously Amoral	Julio Porter
director	The Big Snooze is a 1946 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon directed by an uncredited Bob Clampett, his final theatrical cartoon for Warner and completed it after he left the Warner cartoon studio.	The Big Snooze	Bob Clampett
director	Adholokam is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Thevalakkara Chellappan.	Adholokam	Chellappan
director	Padmatheertham is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K. G. Rajasekharan and produced by .	Padmatheertham	K. G. Rajasekharan
director	Sushi Sushi is a French film, released on 19 June 1991 and directed by Laurent Perrin.	Sushi Sushi	Laurent Perrin
director	The Doll Master (Hangul: 인형사; RR: Inhyeongsa) is a 2004 South Korean horror film directed by Jeong Yong-ki.	Doll Master	Jeong Yong-ki
director	Autumn in March (Chinese: 午夜烟花; pinyin: Wǔyè Yānhuā; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ngó͘-iā-ian-hoa) is a Singaporean film written and directed by Huang Yiliang, and produced by Red Group Film.	Autumn in March	Huang Yiliang
director	Killer Butterfly (살인나비를 쫓는 여자 - Salin nabireul jjonneun yeoja lit. A Woman Chasing a Killer Butterfly) is a 1978 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.	Killer Butterfly	Kim Ki-young
director	The Wrong Ferarri (sic) is a feature-film written and directed by Adam Green.	The Wrong Ferarri	Adam Green
director	Spirits of the Air, Gremlins of the Clouds is a 1989 post-apocalyptic Australian film directed by Alex Proyas.	Spirits of the Air, Gremlins of the Clouds	Alex Proyas
director	Meeruthiya Gangsters is a 2015 bollywood, Crime - Comedy film directed and produced by Zeishan Quadri.	Meeruthiya Gangsters	Zeishan Quadri
director	Toy Tinkers was directed by Jack Hannah and features original and adapted music by Paul J. Smith which includes the song ``Jingle Bells'' and Schubert's Marche Militaire.	Toy Tinkers	Jack Hannah
director	Zakhmi Sher (English: Wounded Tiger) is a 1984 Bollywood Action film produced by Pradeep Sharma on TUTU Films banner, directed by Dasari Narayana Rao.	Zakhmi Sher	Dasari Narayana Rao
director	Mr. Lemon of Orange (1931) is a comedy film starring El Brendel and Fifi D'Orsay, directed by John G. Blystone, and released by Fox Film Corporation.	Mr. Lemon of Orange	John G. Blystone
director	The Symbol of the Unconquered (aka The Wilderness Trail) is a 1920 silent ``race film'' drama produced, written and directed by Oscar Micheaux.	The Symbol of the Unconquered	Oscar Micheaux
director	Ammavra Ganda (Kannada: ಅಮ್ಮಾವ್ರ ಗಂಡ) is a 1997 Indian Kannada comedy romance film directed by Phani Ramachandra and produced by M. K. Srinivasamurthy.	Ammavra Ganda	Phani Ramachandra
director	National Class Category Up to 785 ccm is a 1979 Yugoslav comedy film directed by Goran Marković.	National Class Category Up to 785 ccm	Goran Marković
director	Donald's Dilemma is a 1947 Walt Disney Studios animated cartoon directed by Jack King and starring Donald and Daisy Duck.	Donald's Dilemma	Jack King
director	Dark Side Romance (Thai: เกิดอีกที ต้องมีเธอ or Goet iik thii tawng mii theu) is a 1995 Thai romantic fantasy film directed by Prachya Pinkaew.	Dark Side Romance	Prachya Pinkaew
director	Directed by Andrew V. McLaglen, it was adapted for the screen by Andrew J. Fenady from his short story, ``Chisum and the Lincoln County Cattle War''.	Chisum	Andrew V. McLaglen
director	The Soul of a Man is a 2003 documentary film, directed by Wim Wenders, as the second instalment of the documentary film series The Blues, produced by Martin Scorsese.	The Soul of a Man	Wim Wenders
director	The Road to Jenin is a 2003 documentary directed by Pierre Rehov, a French-Algerian film director of Jewish descent, whose documentaries mostly deal with the Middle East conflict.	The Road to Jenin	Pierre Rehov
director	Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke (Hindi: हम हैं राही प्यार के translation: We Are Travelers on the Path of Love) is a 1993 Indian comedy-drama film directed by Mahesh Bhatt, produced by Tahir Hussain and with a musical score by Nadeem-Shravan.	Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke	Mahesh Bhatt
director	Devra Bhail Deewana (Hindi: देवरा भईल दिवाना) is a 2014 Indian, bhojpuri language film produced and directed by Rajkumar R. Pandey.	Devra Bhail Deewana	Rajkumar R. Pandey
director	Mazhavillinattam Vare (Malayalam: മഴവില്ലിനറ്റം വരെ; translation: Till the End of the Rainbow) is an upcoming Malayalam--language sports and musical film co-written and directed by Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri.	Mazhavillinattam Vare	Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri
director	Girlfriend's Day is an upcoming American comedy-drama film directed by Michael Stephenson and written by Bob Odenkirk, Philip Zlotorynski, and Eric Hoffman.	Girlfriend's Day	Michael Stephenson
director	Agniparvatham is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Chandrakumar and produced by K. P. Kottarakkara.	Agniparvatham	P. Chandrakumar
director	The Tao of Steve is a 2000 romantic comedy film written by Duncan North, Greer Goodman, and Jenniphr Goodman.	The Tao of Steve	Jenniphr Goodman
director	The Autobiography of Nicolae Ceaușescu (Romanian: Autobiografia lui Nicolae Ceaușescu) is a 2010 Romanian documentary film directed by Andrei Ujică.	The Autobiography of Nicolae Ceaușescu	Andrei Ujică
director	Son of Django (Italian: Il figlio di Django, also known as Vengeance Is a Colt 45 and Return of Django) is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film written and directed by Osvaldo Civirani.	Son of Django	Osvaldo Civirani
director	Sorority Boys is a 2002 American comedy film directed by Wallace Wolodarsky, about a group of college guys who dress up as women in order to prove their innocence for a crime they did not commit.	Sorority Boys	Wallace Wolodarsky
director	The Heart Machine is a 2014 romantic thriller film written and directed by Zachary Wigon based on his short film Someone Else's Heart.	The Heart Machine	Zachary Wigon
director	Queen X is a 1917 American silent crime-drama film directed by John B. O'Brien and produced and released through the Mutual Film Company.	Queen X	John B. O'Brien
director	Samurai Johnny Frankenstein is a 1993 martial art based action adventure movie that was directed by and stars Scott Shaw.	Samurai Johnny Frankenstein	Scott Shaw
director	Magical Maestro is a 1952 animated short film directed by Tex Avery and produced by the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio.	Magical Maestro	Tex Avery
director	Her Dangerous Path is a 1923 American adventure film serial directed by Roy Clements.	Her Dangerous Path	Roy Clements
dissolved or abolished	In January 2011, Bigpoint Games acquired the Planet Moon Studios staff in San Francisco, California, but did not acquire the company, its intellectual properties, or its other assets.	Planet Moon Studios	2011
dissolved or abolished	The Royal Lao Armed Forces (French: Forces Armées du Royaume), best known by its French acronym FAR, were the official armed defense forces of the Kingdom of Laos, a state that existed from 1949 to 1975 in what is now the Lao People's Democratic Republic.	Royal Lao Armed Forces	1975
dissolved or abolished	Boulton Paul Aircraft Ltd was a British aircraft manufacturer that was incorporated in 1934, although its origins in aircraft manufacturing began earlier in 1914, and lasted until 1961.	Boulton Paul Aircraft	1961
dissolved or abolished	In 2012, it was announced that the transformation from Carrefour to Carrefour Planet costs too much, as a result Carrefour stops further process of converting Carrefour hypermarkets, hypermarkets already converted to Planet stays as-is but loses the Planet sign in France.	Carrefour Planet	2012
dissolved or abolished	Regionalist League (Catalan: Lliga Regionalista, IPA: (ˈʎiɣə rəʒiunəˈɫistə); 1901--1936) was a right wing political party of Catalonia, Spain.	Regionalist League	1936
dissolved or abolished	Marendaz Special cars were made in Brixton Road, London SW9, England from 1926 to 1932 and in Maidenhead, Berkshire, England from 1932 to 1936.	Marendaz	1936
dissolved or abolished	The District of Ungava was a regional administrative district of Canada's Northwest Territories from 1895 to 1920, although it effectively ceased operation in 1912.	District of Ungava	1920
dissolved or abolished	Szczecin Voivodeship (1) (Polish: województwo szczecińskie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in the years 1975--1998, superseded by West Pomeranian Voivodeship.	Szczecin Voivodeship	1998
dissolved or abolished	Trakai Voivodeship, Trakai Palatinate, or Troki Voivodeship (Lithuanian: Trakų vaivadija, Latin: Palatinatus Trocensis, Polish: Województwo trockie), was a unit of administrative division and local government in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania from 1413 until 1795.	Trakai Voivodeship	1795
dissolved or abolished	The Duchy of Salzburg (German: Herzogtum Salzburg) was a Cisleithanian Kronland of the Austrian Empire and Austria-Hungary from 1849--1918.	Duchy of Salzburg	1918
dissolved or abolished	OzEmail was a major Internet service provider (ISP) in Australia, until it was acquired by the iiNet ISP on 28 February 2005.	OzEmail	2005
educated at	Michael Maniaci graduated from the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music with a bachelor's degree in Vocal Performance and went on to the Juilliard School of music where he graduated with a Masters in Vocal Performance.	Michael Maniaci	Juilliard School
educated at	Born in Stuttgart in 1965, Achim Fiedler studied violin at the Hochschule für Musik in Köln, in London at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and conducting at the Musikhochschule in Stuttgart.	Achim Fiedler	Guildhall School of Music and Drama
educated at	Moinuddin Ahmed Chowdhury passed his matriculation examination from Dinajpur Zilla School in the 1937 and acquired his B.A. degree in 1942 from Ripon College, Kolkata, Later, he acquired a master's degree in Islamic History from the University of Calcutta in 1945.	Moinuddin Ahmed Chowdhury	University of Calcutta
educated at	Jeanne Tsai is an Associate Professor of Psychology at Stanford University and director of the Culture and Emotion Lab. Her research focuses on cultural influences on basic psychological and social processes related to emotion.	Jeanne Tsai	Stanford University
educated at	Arthur fforde was educated at Rugby School (SH 1914--1919, Head of School) and Trinity College, Oxford.	Arthur fforde	Rugby School	Trinity College
educated at	Pierrette Mari was born in Nice and studied music at the Conservatory of Nice from 1943 to 1946.	Pierrette Mari	Conservatory of Nice
educated at	Robin Hemley, born May 28, 1958 in New York City, is a Jewish American nonfiction and fiction writer, author of twelve books, most recently, the short story collection, REPLY ALL (Break Away Books, Indiana University Press, 2012).	Robin Hemley	Indiana University
educated at	The son of Alexander and Matilda (Richards) Parr, Walter Parr was born in Liverpool, England, and graduated from the Beloit Academy in 1891, from Beloit College in 1895 and from the Chicago Theological Seminary in 1898.	Walter Parr	Beloit College
educated at	John Moulder Wilson (October 8, 1837 -- February 1, 1919) was a Union Army engineer and later served as Chief of Engineers as well as serving as Superintendent of the United States Military Academy from 1889--1893.	John Moulder Wilson	United States Military Academy
educated at	Antonio Strati (born 1949) is an Italian organizational theorist, artist and Professor at the University of Trento, particularly known for his work on ``Organization and aesthetics''.	Antonio Strati	University of Trento
educated at	Steele was born John Fletcher Steele in Rochester, New York, United States to a lawyer father and pianist mother, graduated from Williams College in 1907, and promptly joined the young landscape architecture program at Harvard University where Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr. was one of his professors.	Fletcher Steele	Williams College
educated at	William Warwick Buckland was educated in France, at Hurstpierpoint College and the Crystal Palace School of Engineering.	William Warwick Buckland	Hurstpierpoint College
educated at	Mohamed Mijarul Quayes(Bangla: মো. মিজারুল কায়েস), educated at Dhaka Residential Model College, Dhaka University & Harvard University, is a Bangladeshi career diplomat and is currently the Bangladesh High Commissioner to the Court of St James's United Kingdom.	Mohamed Mijarul Quayes	Harvard University
educated at	Michelle Olley attended the University of Westminster in London where she attained a BA (Hons) in Media Studies, specialising in print journalism.	Michelle Olley	University of Westminster
educated at	Samuel Taylor Marshall (1812--1895) was one of eight founders of Beta Theta Pi, a college fraternity founded at Miami University in 1839.	Samuel Taylor Marshall	Miami University
educated at	Gunnar Myrdal graduated with a law degree from Stockholm University in 1923 and a doctorate in economics in 1927.	Gunnar Myrdal	Stockholm University
educated at	Walter Bender earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard University in 1977 and a Master of Science degree from MIT in 1980.	Walter Bender	Harvard University
educated at	Alfred Menezes is co-author of several books on cryptography, including the Handbook of Applied Cryptography, and is a professor of Mathematics at the University of Waterloo in Canada.	Alfred Menezes	University of Waterloo
educated at	Joshua Hoyle (died 6 December 1654) was a Professor of Divinity at Trinity College, Dublin and Master of University College, Oxford during the Commonwealth of England.	Joshua Hoyle	Trinity College
educated at	Djuan Rivers (born 1965) is an Orlando native and attended Emory University where he earned his Bachelor of Arts in Economics in 1987.	Djuan Rivers	Emory University
educated at	Born in Miami, Florida, Catherine Kaputa first pursued journalism at Northwestern's Medill School of Journalism During her junior year, Kaputa had her first personal branding crisis and switched to Japanese art history, and graduated from Northwestern University with a Bachelor's degree in art history.	Catherine Kaputa	Medill School of Journalism	Northwestern University
educated at	Robert Alan Langlands, born 29 May 1952, Glasgow, attended Allan Glen's School in Glasgow and graduated with an ordinary degree in biological science from the University of Glasgow in 1974.	Alan Langlands	University of Glasgow
educated at	Trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, he began his career as an actor and then television presenter for ZDF Bermuda (The Tony Maylam Show) and the UK's ITV (Sportsweek), before concentrating solely on filmmaking.	Tony Maylam	Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
educated at	Taylor Henry received his bachelor's degree in English and Philosophy from Spring Hill College and his graduate degree in Mass Communication from the College of Communication and Information Sciences at the University of Alabama.	Taylor Henry	University of Alabama
educated at	Ryah Nixon is a graduate of the Carnegie Mellon University School of Drama, class of 2009.	Ryah Nixon	Carnegie Mellon University
educated at	After a rather severe education at Tipperary Grammar School, Standish James O'Grady followed his father to Trinity College, Dublin, where he won several prize medals and distinguished himself in several sports.	Standish James O'Grady	Trinity College
educated at	John Willock (or Willocks or Willox) (c. 1515 -- December 4, 1585), Scottish reformer, was a native of Ayrshire and was educated at the University of Glasgow.	John Willock	University of Glasgow
educated at	Kerry Lang holds a degree from the University of Edinburgh Medical School (MBChB, 1998) and from the Royal College of Surgeons (MRCS, Glasgow 2001).	Kerry Lang	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Gylfi Magnússon (born. 1966) is an Icelandic economist, an associate professor at University of Iceland and former chair of the Icelandic Competition Authority (Samkeppniseftirlitið).	Gylfi Magnússon	University of Iceland
educated at	Charlene Fite received a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Tennessee at Knoxville, Tennessee.	Charlene Fite	University of Tennessee
educated at	Andrea Modica earned her BFA in Visual Arts and Art History from State University of New York College (SUNY) at Purchase, Purchase, NY in 1982, and earned her MFA in Photography from Yale University in 1985.	Andrea Modica	Yale University
educated at	Yoshio Fukuyama (April 29, 1921 - April 3, 1995) was a theologian who held a doctorate in sociology from the University of Chicago and was a faculty member of the Chicago Theological Seminary.	Yoshio Fukuyama	University of Chicago
educated at	Darnell Hinson, who starred at Muskogee High School before playing for the Northeastern State University Redmen (now RiverHawks) from 2000 to 2004.	Darnell Hinson	Muskogee High School
educated at	Kingsley studied at the University of Salford and at Pendleton College, which later became home to the Ben Kingsley Theatre.	Ben Kingsley	University of Salford
educated at	in Economics at the London School of Economics under the supervision of Ralph Miliband, Allan Segal began his career as a research assistant at the BBC.	Allan Segal	London School of Economics
educated at	After having studied law at Lund University, Erik Penser commenced a career as a stockbroker at Bankirfirman Langenskiöld, which later became Carnegie Investment Bank.	Erik Penser	Lund University
educated at	Hugh Borton (May 14, 1903 -- August 6, 1995) was an American historian who specialized in the history of Japan, later serving as president of Haverford College.	Hugh Borton	Haverford College
educated at	Amy Courter graduated from Kalamazoo College in 1983 with a bachelor's degree in psychology and education, minoring in computer science and mathematics.	Amy Courter	Kalamazoo College
educated at	Diana L. Eck (born 1945 in Bozeman, Montana) is a scholar of religious studies who is Professor of Comparative Religion and Indian Studies at Harvard University, as well as a Master of Lowell House and the Director of The Pluralism Project at Harvard.	Diana L. Eck	Harvard University
educated at	David Hunter Riddle (April 14, 1805--1888) was the ninth and last president of Jefferson College from 1862 until its union with Washington College to form Washington & Jefferson College in 1865.	David Hunter Riddle	Washington & Jefferson College
educated at	Sylvan Fox graduated from Brooklyn College with a degree in philosophy, then earned a master's degree in musicology from the University of California, Berkeley.	Sylvan Fox	Brooklyn College	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	Evelyn Gibbs studied in Liverpool and at the Royal College of Art, before winning a Prix de Rome Scholarship for engraving, with which she spent two years in Italy.	Evelyn Gibbs	Royal College of Art
educated at	William Pepper, Jr., M.D. (August 21, 1843 - July 28, 1898), an American physician, was a leader in medical education in the nineteenth century, and a longtime Provost of the University of Pennsylvania.	William Pepper	University of Pennsylvania
educated at	William Edward Gumbleton was educated at Brasenose College, Oxford, where he matriculated 8 June 1858, but seems to have left the university before graduating, as there is no record of his being awarded a degree.	William Edward Gumbleton	Brasenose College
educated at	Ras J. Baraka was educated in the Newark Public Schools and subsequently earned a BA in Political Science from Howard University in Washington, DC, and an MA in Education Supervision from St. Peter's University in Jersey City.	Ras J. Baraka	Howard University
educated at	Ben Chacko was educated at Pate's Grammar School, Cheltenham, and St John's College, Oxford, where he studied Mandarin Chinese.	Ben Chacko	St John's College
educated at	Saad Hassar studied at the Mission laïque française of Rabat (Lycée Descartes) and at the École Spéciale des Travaux Publics of Paris.	Saad Hassar	École Spéciale des Travaux Publics
educated at	Ian Lake (January 26, 1935 in Quorn, Leicestershire -- August 12, 2004 in London, England) was a pianist and composer who taught for many years at the Royal College of Music in London.	Ian Lake	Royal College of Music
educated at	Michael W. Meister is an art historian, archaeologist and architectural historian at the University of Pennsylvania.	Michael W. Meister	University of Pennsylvania
educated at	He was educated in England at Clifton College, became a British subject, and worked in the grain trade in London before emigrating to the United States in 1925, where he took the stage name of John Houseman.	John Houseman	Clifton College
educated at	Morlon Greenwood played collegiate at Syracuse University where he started 48 consecutive games at linebacker.	Morlon Greenwood	Syracuse University
employer	David Balding is an Australian statistician and Professor in Statistical Genetics at University College London.	David Balding	University College London
employer	Peter L. Hagelstein is a principal investigator in the Research Laboratory of Electronics (RLE) and an Associate Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).	Peter L. Hagelstein	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Dror Bar-Natan (Hebrew: דרוֹר בָר-נָתָן‎; born January 30, 1966) is a Professor at the University of Toronto Department of Mathematics, Canada.	Dror Bar-Natan	University of Toronto
employer	Hiroute Guebre Sellassie, a native from Ethiopia, is the United Nations Secretary-General's Special Envoy for the Sahel and Head of Office.	Hiroute Guebre Sellassie	United Nations
employer	Boris Rankov (born August 9, 1954) is a professor of Roman history at Royal Holloway, University of London.	Boris Rankov	Royal Holloway, University of London
employer	James B. Rosenwald III (born January 19, 1958) is the co-founder and managing partner of Dalton Investments LLC, an asset management company headquartered in Santa Monica, California, and adjunct professor at Stern School of Business at New York University.	James B. Rosenwald	New York University
employer	Dennis Kezar is an associate professor of Renaissance English Literature at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, UT.	Dennis Kezar	University of Utah
employer	Frank Lantz (born December 17, 1963) is the Director of the New York University Game Center.	Frank Lantz	New York University
employer	Manson Benedict (October 9, 1907 -- September 18, 2006) was an American nuclear engineer and a professor of nuclear engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).	Manson Benedict	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Orizaba George Perry (14 September 1888 -- 29 December 1950), better known as Orrie Perry, was an Australian cinematographer who worked for Amalgamated Pictures.	Orrie Perry	Amalgamated Pictures
employer	Martha Woodmansee (born 1944) is an American professor at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio.	Martha Woodmansee	Case Western Reserve University
employer	After studying at the Governorate Gymnasium in Tartu, Konstantin Konik graduated from the faculty of Medicine of the University of Dorpat (now University of Tartu) in 1873, and made his doctorate degree at the Odessa University in 1903.	Konstantin Konik	University of Tartu
employer	Jeremy C. Stein (born 1960) is the Moise Y. Safra Professor of Economics at Harvard University and investment industry consultant, a former president of the American Finance Association, and a former member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.	Jeremy C. Stein	Harvard University
employer	Joseph Le Conte (alternative spelling: Joseph LeConte) (February 26, 1823 -- July 6, 1901) was a physician, geologist, professor at the University of California, Berkeley and early California conservationist.	Joseph LeConte	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Rhondda Jones was the first Professor of Zoology at James Cook University, and served as Deputy Vice-Chancellor.	Rhondda Jones	James Cook University
employer	Chia-Chiao Lin (Chinese: 林家翹; 7 July 1916 -- 13 January 2013) was a Chinese-born American applied mathematician and Institute Professor emeritus at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Chia-Chiao Lin	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Karen Barad is currently at the University of California Santa Cruz.	Karen Barad	University of California Santa Cruz
employer	Allan Balmain FRS is Barbara Bass Bakar Distinguished Professor of Cancer Genetics at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF).	Allan Balmain	University of California, San Francisco
employer	Wolff-Michael Roth (Born June 28, 1953, Heidelberg) is a learning scientist at the University of Victoria conducting research on how people across the life span know and learn mathematics and science.	Wolff-Michael Roth	University of Victoria
employer	Professor Angie Chabram-Dernersesian is a Full Professor at the University of California, Davis.	Angie Chabram-Dernersesian	University of California, Davis
employer	Friedwardt Winterberg (born June 12, 1929) is a German-American theoretical physicist and research professor at the University of Nevada, Reno.	Friedwardt Winterberg	University of Nevada
employer	Pieter B. Pelser (born 12 January 1976) is a Lecturer in Plant Systematics and the curator of the herbarium at the University of Canterbury in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Pieter B. Pelser	University of Canterbury
employer	Jacques Paul Klein is a retired United States diplomat, who served as head of three United Nations peacekeeping missions.	Jacques Paul Klein	United Nations
employer	Prods Oktor Skjaervo (Norwegian: Prods Oktor Skjærvø) (born 30 December 1944, in Steinkjer) is a professor of Iranian studies at department of Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations in Harvard University, where he succeeded Richard Frye as Agha Khan Professor of Iranistic.	Prods Oktor Skjaervo	Harvard University
employer	Peter Cathcart Wason (22 April 1924 -- 17 April 2003) was a cognitive psychologist at University College, London who pioneered the Psychology of Reasoning.	Peter Cathcart Wason	University College, London
employer	James E. Miller, Jr. (1920--2010) was an American scholar and the Helen A. Regenstein Professor Emeritus of English Language and Literature at the University of Chicago, where he completed his graduate work, taught, and served as chairman of the English department.	James E. Miller	University of Chicago
employer	Konrad Repgen (born 5 May 1923) is a German historian and a professor emeritus (retired) at the University of Bonn.	Konrad Repgen	University of Bonn
employer	Steven C. Baugh (born 1945) is an associate professor of education at Brigham Young University (BYU) who formerly was superintendent of the Alpine School District.	Steven C. Baugh	Brigham Young University
employer	Nilda (Nena) Peragallo the Dean and Professor of the School of Nursing and Health Studies at the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida.	Nilda (Nena) Peragallo	University of Miami
employer	Michael A. Campion is the Herman C. Krannert Chaired Professor of Management at Purdue University and the 2010 winner of the Scientific Contribution Award given by the Society for Industrial-Organizational Psychology (SIOP).	Michael A. Campion	Purdue University
employer	John D. Bransford holds the Shauna C. LarsonUniversity Professor of Education and Psychology at the University of Washington in Seattle.	John D. Bransford	University of Washington
employer	Birgit Grodal (24 June 1943 - 4 May 2004), was an economics professor at the University of Copenhagen from 1968 until her death in 2004.	Birgit Grodal	University of Copenhagen
employer	Dr. Mark Chignell (born June 17, 1956) is a tenured Professor of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering (with a status-only Cross Appointment to the Department of Computer Science at the University of Toronto, Canada).	Mark Chignell	University of Toronto
employer	John L. Wallace (born September 25, 1956) is a medical scientist and was the founder of the Inflammation Research Network at The University of Calgary and inaugural director of the Farncombe Institute at McMaster University.	John L. Wallace	McMaster University
employer	Mary Wakefield was raised in rural North Dakota, became a nurse and nurse educator, entered politics and worked as chief of staff for two United States Senators from North Dakota, then went on to a lead health policy research center at George Mason University.	Mary Wakefield	George Mason University
employer	Renata Laxova, Ph.D., (born July 15, 1931) an American pediatric geneticist, is Emeritus Professor of Genetics at the Departments of Pediatrics and Medical Genetics, Waisman Center, University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Renata Laxova	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Victor Raskin (born April 17, 1944) is a distinguished professor of linguistics at Purdue University.	Victor Raskin	Purdue University
employer	Tapan Misra is an Indian scientist who is an incumbent director of Space Applications Centre, Indian Space Research Organisation,	Tapan Misra	Space Applications Centre	Indian Space Research Organisation
employer	Anton Zeilinger, born 1945 in Austria, has held positions at the Technical University of Vienna and the University of Innsbruck.	Anton Zeilinger	University of Innsbruck
employer	Mark Bils (December 1, 1958) is a macroeconomist at the University of Rochester.	Mark Bils	University of Rochester
employer	Joel Stein (born July 23, 1971) is an American journalist who wrote for the Los Angeles Times and is a regular contributor to Time.	Joel Stein	Los Angeles Times	Time
father	Kaributas (Koribut, Korybut, baptized Dmitry; after 1350 -- after 1404) was a son of Algirdas, Grand Duke of Lithuania, and reigned in Severian Novgorod until 1393.	Kaributas	Algirdas
father	Celebrimbor was the son of Curufin, fifth son of Fëanor (son of Finwë and his first wife Míriel) and Nerdanel, and the only known grandchild of Fëanor.	Celebrimbor	Curufin
father	Constant d'Aubigné (1585 -- 31 August 1647) was a French nobleman, son of Théodore-Agrippa d'Aubigné, the poet, soldier, propagandist and chronicler.	Constant d'Aubigné	Agrippa d'Aubigné
father	Dunne was born Thomas Griffin Dunne in New York City, the son of Ellen Beatriz (née Griffin) and Dominick Dunne.	Griffin Dunne	Dominick Dunne
father	Bred in Florida by William R. Davis, Gate Dancer was a son of Sovereign Dancer, in turn a son of the great Northern Dancer.	Gate Dancer	Sovereign Dancer
father	Abdul-Rahman ibn Abi Bakr (died 666) was the eldest son of Abu Bakr, the first caliph in Sunni Islam.	Abdul-Rahman ibn Abi Bakr	Abu Bakr
father	James Fenimore Cooper was born in Burlington, New Jersey in 1789 to William Cooper and Elizabeth (Fenimore) Cooper, the eleventh of 12 children, most of whom died during infancy or childhood.	James Fenimore Cooper	William Cooper
father	Joan of Arc was born to Jacques d'Arc and Isabelle, a peasant family, at Domrémy in north-east France.	Joan of Arc	Jacques d'Arc
father	Guy de Montfort, Count of Nola (1244 -- c. 1288) was the son of Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester and Eleanor of England.	Guy de Montfort, Count of Nola	Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester
father	Graf Gustav Ernst von Stackelberg (Russian: Густав Оттонович Стакельберг) (born 5 June 1766 in Reval, Governorate of Estonia, died 18 April 1850 in Paris, France) was a Russian diplomat of Baltic-German descent, and was the son of Otto Magnus von Stackelberg.	Gustav Ernst von Stackelberg	Otto Magnus von Stackelberg
father	Afdera Franchetti was the daughter of Baron Raimondo Franchetti, a famous explorer who traveled extensively in Ethiopia and charted hitherto unexplored territories (Dancalia) during the 1920s.	Afdera Franchetti	Raimondo Franchetti
father	Gongsun Kang was the son of Gongsun Du, the Administrator of Liaodong.	Gongsun Kang	Gongsun Du
father	Evelina de Rothschild was the daughter of Baron Lionel de Rothschild (1808-1879), the first openly unconverted Jew to sit in the British House of Commons.	Evelina de Rothschild	Lionel de Rothschild
father	Antoine Adolphe Marcelin Marbot (March 22, 1781 - June 2, 1844), was born in La Riviere, the son of General Jean-Antoine Marbot, who died in the defence of Genoa under Masséna.	Antoine Adolphe Marcelin Marbot	Jean-Antoine Marbot
father	Agnes Leslie, Countess of Morton (born after 1541- died c.1606) was a Scottish noblewoman, being the daughter of George Leslie, 4th Earl of Rothes as well as a direct descendant of King James II in her maternal line.	Agnes Leslie, Countess of Morton	George Leslie, 4th Earl of Rothes
father	Flavius Victor (Latin: Flavius Victor Augustus) was the son of Magnus Maximus.	Flavius Victor	Magnus Maximus
father	Hans von Dohnányi was born to the Hungarian composer Ernő Dohnányi and his wife, the pianist Elisabeth Kunwald.	Hans von Dohnányi	Ernő Dohnányi
father	Muhammad Askari Mirza, sometimes known simply as Askari (1516 -- 1557 /1558) was a son of Babur Mirza, the founder of the Mughal dynasty.	Askari Mirza	Babur
father	Isabelle de Meulan, Dame de Mayenne, Dame de Craon (c. 1148 -- 10 May 1220) was a French noblewoman, being the daughter of Waleran de Beaumont, 1st Earl of Worcester, Count of Meulan.	Isabelle de Meulan	Waleran de Beaumont, 1st Earl of Worcester
founder	Interplay Entertainment Corporation is an American video game developer and publisher, founded in 1983 as Interplay Productions by Brian Fargo, Troy Worrell, Jay Patel and Bill Heineman.	Interplay Entertainment	Brian Fargo
founder	Digital Research, Inc. (a.k.a. DR or DRI; originally Intergalactic Digital Research) was the company created by Dr. Gary Kildall to market and develop his CP/M operating system and related products.	Digital Research	Gary Kildall
founder	The Portuguese House of Burgundy or the Afonsine Dynasty is a cadet branch of the House of Burgundy, descended from Henry, Count of Portugal.	Portuguese House of Burgundy	Henry, Count of Portugal
founder	Slave Labor Graphics was started in 1986 by Dan Vado, who remains the company's president and publisher.	Slave Labor Graphics	Dan Vado
founder	The Society of Anthropology of Paris (French: Société d’Anthropologie de Paris) was a French learned society for anthropology founded by Paul Broca in 1859.	Society of Anthropology of Paris	Paul Broca
founder	It was founded in 2000 by adult film actress Jenna Jameson, and Jay Grdina, who performed as an adult film actor under the name Justin Sterling and today is president of ClubJenna, Inc. Initially a single website, the business expanded into managing similar websites of other stars and began producing pornographic films in 2000.	ClubJenna	Jenna Jameson	Jay Grdina
founder	El Sistema is a publicly financed voluntary sector music education program in Venezuela, founded in 1975 by Venezuelan educator, musician and activist José Antonio Abreu which later adopted the motto Social Action for Music.	El Sistema	José Antonio Abreu
founder	Neutelings Riedijk Architects is an architecture firm based in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, founded by Willem Jan Neutelings and Michiel Riedijk in 1992.	Neutelings Riedijk Architects	Willem Jan Neutelings	Michiel Riedijk
founder	The Clayton Aniline Company Ltd. was an English manufacturer of dyestuffs, founded in 1876 by Charles Dreyfus in Clayton, Manchester.	Clayton Aniline Company	Charles Dreyfus
founder	Wild-Touch is a French non-profit organization created in 2010 by Luc Jacquet.	Wild-Touch	Luc Jacquet
founder	The Olmsted Brothers company was an influential landscape architectural firm in the United States, formed in 1898 by brothers John Charles Olmsted (1852--1920) and Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr. (1870--1957), who were the sons of the eminent landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted.	Olmsted Brothers	John Charles Olmsted	Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr.
founder	Roots & Shoots was founded by Jane Goodall, DBE in 1991, with the goal of bringing together youth from preschool to university age to work on environmental, conservation and humanitarian issues.	Roots & Shoots	Jane Goodall
founder	The Brandywine School was a style of illustration -- as well as an artists colony in Wilmington, Delaware and in Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania, near Brandywine River -- both founded by artist Howard Pyle (1853--1911) at the end of the 19th century.	Brandywine School	Howard Pyle
founder	Happy Madison Productions is an American film and television production company founded in 1999 by Adam Sandler which is best known for its comedy films.	Happy Madison Productions	Adam Sandler
founder	Castle Rock Entertainment is an American film and television production company founded in 1987 by Martin Shafer, director Rob Reiner, Andrew Scheinman, Glenn Padnick and Alan Horn.	Castle Rock Entertainment	Rob Reiner
headquarters location	Anchor Brewing Company is an American alcoholic beverage producer, operating a brewery and distillery on Potrero Hill in San Francisco, California.	Anchor Brewing Company	San Francisco
headquarters location	In 1906, the Boston-based Arctic Coal Company, with Ayer and Longyear as the main shareholders, started mining in Mine 1a, after having built docks and housing.	Arctic Coal Company	Boston
headquarters location	Continental Airlines was a major U.S. airline, founded in 1934 and eventually headquartered in Houston, Texas.	Continental Airlines	Houston
headquarters location	Look Effects is a visual effects company based in Culver City, California.	Look Effects	Culver City
headquarters location	Webtrends is a private company headquartered in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Webtrends	Portland
headquarters location	Digital Reality is a Hungarian video game developer, located in Budapest, Hungary.	Digital Reality	Budapest
headquarters location	The DEFA Film Library at the University of Massachusetts Amherst is the only archive and research center outside of Germany devoted to a broad spectrum of filmmaking from and related to former East Germany and the GDR.	DEFA Film Library	Amherst
headquarters location	The Nederlander Organization, founded in 1912 by David T. Nederlander and based in Detroit, Michigan, is one of the largest operators of legitimate theatres and music venues in the United States.	Nederlander Organization	Detroit
headquarters location	In September 2010, 6GMOBILE is supplying the platform for the Amsterdam soccer club Ajax Amsterdam MVNO, Ajax Mobiel.	6GMOBILE	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Cargills (Ceylon) PLC is a Sri Lankan Retail, FMCG, Banking and Restaurant company which is listed on the Colombo Stock Exchange.	Cargills (Ceylon) PLC	Colombo
headquarters location	North American Power is a retail energy supplier based in Norwalk, Connecticut, and has been recognized by Forbes as one of America's Most Promising Companies, and by Inc. 500 as one of America's Fastest Growing Private Companies.	North American Power	Norwalk
headquarters location	Sa Sa International Holdings (Chinese: 莎莎國際) (SEHK: 178) is a Hong Kong-based chain store company selling cosmetics, personal care, skin care and baby care products, often at discounted prices.	Sa Sa International Holdings	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Film and Music Entertainment is a British film production company based in London UK.	Film and Music Entertainment	London
headquarters location	Carleton University is a comprehensive university located in the capital of Canada, Ottawa, Ontario.	Carleton University	Ottawa
headquarters location	Adolph Saurer AG based in Arbon, Switzerland was a manufacturer of trucks and buses under the Saurer and Berna (beginning in 1929) brand names, active between 1903 and 1982.	Saurer	Arbon
headquarters location	Whitney National Bank is a regional community banking institution headquartered in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Whitney National Bank	New Orleans
headquarters location	Conrad Electronic SE is a German online retailer of electronic products based in Hirschau, Bavaria.	Conrad Electronic	Hirschau
headquarters location	Evga S.A. (Greek: ΕΒΓΑ) is a large Greek dairy product producer, with headquarters in Athens, founded in 1934.	Evga S.A	Athens
headquarters location	Michael Hess founded the company in Rochester, New York in 2000 as a subsidiary of Three Point Ventures, LLC. It was founded under the name RoadWired, and changed its name to Skooba Design in August 2007.	Skooba Design	Rochester
headquarters location	The first Internationale Walter Benjamin Gesellschaft (ɡəˈzɛlʃaft) (generally translated as ``community'' or ``society''), here understood as ``commune'', was a founding within the 68er-Bewegung in Hamburg, at the time when the American Counterculture reached Europe's students.	Internationale Walter Benjamin Gesellschaft	Hamburg
headquarters location	VI Technology was a privately owned company based in Austin, Texas that provided enterprise test solutions and services.	VI Technology	Austin
headquarters location	Söderbloms Gjuteri & Mekaniska Verkstad (Swedish for Söderblom's foundry and mechanical workshop) was founded in 1877 in Eskilstuna, Sweden.	Söderbloms Gjuteri & Mekaniska Verkstad	Eskilstuna
headquarters location	ExAlta Energy Inc., headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, was an oil and natural gas company engaged in the exploration for and the acquisition, development and production of oil and natural gas in West Central and Northwestern Alberta and Northeastern British Columbia.	ExAlta Energy	Calgary
headquarters location	The origins of Kruger Inc. date back to 1904, when Joseph Kruger founded a fine paper business in Montreal.	Kruger Inc.	Montreal
headquarters location	Bunnies on the Bayou is a 501(c)(3) organization and the name of its similarly-titled annual tradition among members of the LGBT community of Houston, Texas, in the United States.	Bunnies on the Bayou	Houston
headquarters location	Now headquartered in Medford, MA, Century Bank employs more than four hundred staff.	Century Bank	Medford
headquarters location	TalkFree, Inc., founded in 2003, is headquartered in San Francisco, California.	TalkFree, Inc	San Francisco
headquarters location	The National Refugee Service (NRS) was a refugee aid organization founded in New York City on 15 May 1939 to assist refugees from Europe fleeing Nazi persecution.	National Refugee Service	New York City
headquarters location	Ocean Star Cruises is a cruise line based in Mexico City, Mexico.	Ocean Star Cruises	Mexico City
headquarters location	Howard Hughes Engineering Pty Ltd is an Australian aircraft manufacturer, boat and automobile builder and general engineering company based in Ballina, New South Wales.	Howard Hughes Engineering	Ballina
headquarters location	Triple Five Group is a shopping mall owner and operator, hotel operator and real estate company based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Triple Five Group	Edmonton
headquarters location	The Biltmore Company in Asheville, North Carolina, owns and operates 8,000 acres (32 km²) of land and business.	The Biltmore Company	Asheville
headquarters location	Ampeg is a manufacturer of musical instruments, especially the musical instrument amplifier, established by Everett Hull and Stanley Michaels in 1946 , and now headquartered in Woodinville, Washington.	Ampeg	Woodinville
headquarters location	Vrije Academie voor Beeldende Kunsten (Free Academy of Visual Art) is an art school in The Hague, Netherlands.	Vrije Academie voor Beeldende Kunsten	The Hague
headquarters location	MDM Bank (Russian: Московский Деловой Мир (МДМ) Банк), literally meaning ``Moscow Business World Bank'' in English, is a Russian Joint Stock commercial bank, one of Russia's largest private banks based in Novosibirsk.	MDM Bank	Moscow	Novosibirsk
headquarters location	Exakt Entertainment is an American video game developer based out of Los Angeles, California.	Exakt Entertainment	Los Angeles
headquarters location	WOWIO was founded in 2006 in Los Angeles by ``author and entrepreneur'' William Lidwell.	WOWIO	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Sterilgarda Alimenti S.p.A. is an Italian dairy produce company, based in Castiglione delle Stiviere in the Province of Mantua.	Sterilgarda	Castiglione delle Stiviere
headquarters location	The Russian Trading System (RTS) was a stock market established in 1995 in Moscow, consolidating various regional trading floors into one exchange.	Russian Trading System	Moscow
headquarters location	Innovation Works is the Ben Franklin Technology Partner of the Pittsburgh area.	Innovation Works	Pittsburgh
headquarters location	ABS Jets is a business jet operator based in Prague, Czech Republic and Bratislava, Slovak Republic.	ABS Jets	Prague
headquarters location	Système U is a French retailers' cooperative, comprising about eight hundred independent hypermarkets and supermarkets, headquartered in the Parc Tertiaire SILIC in Rungis, France.	Système U	Rungis
headquarters location	The Howard Hughes Corporation (NYSE: HHC), co-founded by Howard R. Hughes, Sr. in 1913, is a major real estate development and management company based in Dallas, Texas.	Howard Hughes Corporation	Dallas
headquarters location	Ural Mining and Metallurgical Company (UMMC or UGMK Russian: Открытое акционерное общество ``Уральская горно-металлургическая компания'') is a Russian metallurgical company based in Verkhnyaya Pyshma.	Ural Mining and Metallurgical Company	Verkhnyaya Pyshma
headquarters location	European Digital Rights (EDRi) is an international advocacy group headquartered in Brussels, Belgium.	European Digital Rights	Brussels
headquarters location	Tom Balding Bits & Spurs is a small metalwork manufacturer in Sheridan, Wyoming that designs and sells handmade equine riding equipment.	Tom Balding Bits & Spurs	Sheridan
headquarters location	Mere Mortals is a British video game developer based in Newcastle upon Tyne, known for various ports, PDC World Championship Darts and mini game compilations.	Mere Mortals	Newcastle upon Tyne
headquarters location	Endocyte (NASDAQ: ECYT) is a biopharmaceutical company established in 1996 and headquartered in West Lafayette, Indiana, a resident of the Purdue Research Park.	Endocyte	West Lafayette, Indiana
headquarters location	The Fort Garry Brewing Company Ltd brews beer in Winnipeg, Canada.	Fort Garry Brewing Company	Winnipeg
headquarters location	Westinghouse Digital LLC is a US company that markets LCD and LED televisions located in Orange, California.	Westinghouse Digital	Orange
headquarters location	Initially co-founded by Jamie Cutter, in the English city of Norwich, Cutter & Buck's headquarters are now at 101 Elliott, Ave in the lower Queen Anne neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.	Cutter & Buck	Seattle
headquarters location	Commercial Iron Works was a manufacturing firm in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Commercial Iron Works	Portland
headquarters location	The Orlando Sentinel reported that The Riverside Company expected to see ``across-the-board growth'' in the Bohemia Interactive Simulations.	Bohemia Interactive Simulations	Orlando
headquarters location	World Events Productions is an American-based animation and distribution company in St. Louis, Missouri, best known for releasing the anime titles Voltron, Defender of the Universe and Saber Rider and the Star Sheriffs, as well as producing the original animated series Denver, the Last Dinosaur.	World Events Productions	St. Louis
headquarters location	Clavia Digital Musical Instruments (Clavia DMI AB) is a Swedish manufacturer of virtual analog synthesizers, virtual electromechanical pianos and stage pianos, founded in Stockholm Sweden in 1983 by Hans Nordelius and Mikael Carlsson.	Clavia	Stockholm
headquarters location	Dominick's was a Chicago-area grocery store chain and subsidiary of Safeway Inc..	Dominick's	Chicago
headquarters location	Holsten Brewery (Holsten-Brauerei AG) is a brewing company founded in 1879 in what is now Hamburg's Altona-Nord quarter.	Holsten Brewery	Hamburg
headquarters location	CME is the registered trademark of Central Music Company, a musical high-tech company founded in Beijing, China in 1993.	Central Music Company	Beijing
headquarters location	Bossini International Holdings Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (the Group or Bossini) is an apparel brand owner, retailer and franchiser, headquartered in Hong Kong.	Bossini	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Debix is a credit monitoring service based out of Austin, Texas.	Debix	Austin
headquarters location	Cadcorp has its headquarters in Stevenage, Hertfordshire, U.K. and a development office in London.	Cadcorp	Stevenage
headquarters location	Temasek Holdings Private Limited (abbreviated as Temasek) is an investment company owned by the Government of Singapore.	Temasek Holdings	Singapore
headquarters location	Tabanlıoğlu Architects (Turkish: Tabanlıoğlu Mimarlık) is an architectural firm based in Istanbul.	Tabanlıoğlu Architects	Istanbul
headquarters location	The Mighty Leaf Tea Company is a specialty tea manufacturer and distributor based in San Rafael, California.	Mighty Leaf Tea	San Rafael
headquarters location	SQL Star International Limited was an IT services company headquartered in Hyderabad, India.	SQL Star	Hyderabad
headquarters location	JSW Infrastructure Limited, is part of the JSW Group based in Mumbai.	JSW Infrastructure	Mumbai
headquarters location	Sunshine Minting, Inc., is a privately held company based in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, that processes silver, gold and other precious metals.	Sunshine Minting	Coeur d'Alene
headquarters location	3D Systems, headquartered in Rock Hill, South Carolina, is a company that engineers, manufactures and sells 3D printers.	3D Systems	Rock Hill
headquarters location	Cúram Software was an Irish software company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland with offices in Australia, Germany, India, the United Kingdom and the United States.	Cúram Software	Dublin
headquarters location	Banco de Chile (Bank of Chile), is a Chilean bank and financial services company with headquarters in Santiago.	Banco de Chile	Santiago
headquarters location	One Workplace opened in 1925 in downtown San Jose, California as a family-owned bookstore.	One Workplace	San Jose
headquarters location	Thomas Pink is a luxury clothing business started in London in 1984, by three Irish brothers James, Peter and John Mullen.	Thomas Pink	London
headquarters location	Blyth, Inc. is a Greenwich, Connecticut based marketing and manufacturing company that sells personal and decorative products.	Blyth, Inc.	Greenwich
headquarters location	The Academy of Labour and Social Relations (Russian: Академия труда и социальных отношений) is a university in Russia, located in Moscow.	Academy of Labour and Social Relations	Moscow
headquarters location	While the news channel has numerous affiliates, CNN primarily broadcasts from the Time Warner Center in New York City, and studios in Washington, D.C. and Los Angeles, its headquarters at the CNN Center in Atlanta is only used for weekend programming.	CNN	Atlanta
headquarters location	CITY-DT, virtual channel 57 (UHF digital channel 44), is a City owned-and-operated television station located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	CITY-DT	Toronto
headquarters location	West of Grafton Street Ltd. or West Jewellers was a jewellery store which was last located on 33 Grafton Street in Dublin, Ireland.	West Jewellers	Grafton Street
headquarters location	HarbourLynx was a private company based in Nanaimo, British Columbia that provided passenger-only high speed ferry service between the city centres of Nanaimo and Vancouver.	HarbourLynx	Nanaimo
headquarters location	In July 2011, Geoloqi was chosen as a recipient of $25,000 in convertible bonds and guidance through the Portland Seed Fund.	Geoloqi	Portland
headquarters location	Mediacorp Pte Ltd, better known as Mediacorp, is a group of commercial media companies in Singapore, with business interests in television and radio broadcasting, interactive media, and, to a lesser extent, print publishing and filmmaking.	Mediacorp	Singapore
headquarters location	Dexion Ltd (from the Greek for 'right') was established in 1937 in London by Australia-born engineer and printer Demetrius Comino, originally to deliver printing-related products.	Dexion	London
headquarters location	Argon 18 is a Canadian cycle manufacturer founded in 1989 by retired cyclist Gervais Rioux in Montreal, Quebec.	Argon 18	Montreal
headquarters location	The Isuzu Philippines Corporation, also referred to as IPC, is a subsidiary of the Japanese commercial vehicle manufacturer Isuzu and headquartered in Biñan, Laguna, Philippines.	Isuzu Philippines	Biñan
headquarters location	Edcon Limited is a retail company based in Johannesburg, South Africa.	Edcon	Johannesburg
headquarters location	The industrial firm Auergesellschaft was founded in 1892 with headquarters in Berlin.	Auergesellschaft	Berlin
headquarters location	Television Watch is an American non-profit, non-partisan organization based in Charleston, South Carolina.	Television Watch	Charleston
headquarters location	Shaftesbury plc is a British-based property business focused on properties in the West End of London.	Shaftesbury plc	London
headquarters location	Parrot Corporation Limited was a British floppy diskette manufacturer formed in 1983, that operated from Llantarnam Industrial Park in Cwmbran, south Wales.	Parrot Corporation	Cwmbran
headquarters location	HP Foods Limited, formerly based in Birmingham, England, was best known as the producer of HP, Lea & Perrins and Daddies sauce brands.	HP Foods	Birmingham
headquarters location	St. Joseph Communications is a Canadian communications company based out of Toronto.	St. Joseph Communications	Toronto
headquarters location	Callision is a privately owned business Voice Over IP company based out of New York City providing hosted PBX and Unified Communications.	Callision	New York
headquarters location	Paul Gauguin Cruises is a cruise line owned by Beachcomber Croisieres Limited with headquarters in Bellevue, Washington.	Paul Gauguin Cruises	Bellevue
headquarters location	Bellona Publishing House (Polish: Wydawnictwo Bellona, formerly also Dom Wydawniczy Bellona) is a publishing house based in Warsaw, Poland.	Bellona Publishing House	Warsaw
headquarters location	Zhejiang Television (ZJTV, Chinese: 浙江电视台; pinyin: Zhèjiāng Diànshìtái), is a television channel under Zhejiang Radio and Television Group serving the Hangzhou city and Zhejiang province area.	Zhejiang Television	Hangzhou
headquarters location	Landscape Structures Inc., founded in 1971 by Barbara and Steve King, is a playground design firm based in Delano, Minnesota.	Landscape Structures	Delano
headquarters location	North Flying A/S is a Danish airline with its head office in the North Flying Terminal of Aalborg Airport in Nørresundby, Aalborg Municipality.	North Flying	Aalborg Airport
headquarters location	Samba Sensors AB was founded in 1992 to commercialize a novel pressure sensor developed at Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Samba Sensors	Gothenburg
headquarters location	Oulton College is a Canadian private post secondary college situated in Moncton, New Brunswick.	Oulton College	Moncton
headquarters location	Republic Airways Holdings, Inc. is an American airline holding corporation based in Indianapolis, Indiana, that owns two American regional airlines operating in the Midwestern United States:	Republic Airways Holdings	Indianapolis
headquarters location	In 1996, a new Alenia subsidiary, Quadrics Supercomputers World (QSW) was formed, based in Bristol, UK and Rome, Italy, inheriting the Quadrics SIMD product line and the Meiko CS-2 massively parallel supercomputer architecture.	Quadrics	Bristol
headquarters location	Frontier Records is an independent record label, started in 1980 in Sun Valley, Los Angeles by Lisa Fancher, a former employee of Bomp!	Frontier Records	Los Angeles
headquarters location	The idea for Carnage UK was originally taken from a University of Birmingham event 'Carnage' run by the University's raising-and-giving society Carnival Rag.	Carnage UK	Birmingham
headquarters location	Krónika (Chronicle) is a Hungarian-language Romanian broadsheet newspaper, based in Cluj-Napoca.	Krónika	Cluj-Napoca
headquarters location	Exult Inc. was a company, headquartered in Irvine, California that provided business services related to Human Resources (HR)) and Business Process Outsourcing (BPO).	Exult Inc.	Irvine
headquarters location	The Financial Times Deutschland was a German-language financial newspaper based in Hamburg, Germany, published by Bertelsmann's Gruner + Jahr newspaper and magazine division.	Financial Times Deutschland	Hamburg
headquarters location	Fairey Marine Ltd was a boat building company based on the River Hamble, Southampton, England.	Fairey Marine	Southampton
headquarters location	ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is an oncology company founded in 1991 and headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	ARIAD Pharmaceuticals	Cambridge
headquarters location	The Bryant Electric Company was a manufacturer of wiring devices, electrical components, and switches founded in 1888 in Bridgeport, Connecticut, United States.	Bryant Electric Company	Bridgeport
headquarters location	Eletrobras Cepel, the Electric Power Research Center, was created in 1974 with headquarters in Rio de Janeiro (Ilha do Fundão).	Eletrobras Cepel	Rio de Janeiro
headquarters location	Siena Research Institute (SRI) is an affiliate of Siena College, located originally in Friars Hall and now in Hines Hall on the college's campus, in Loudonville, New York, in suburban Albany.	Siena Research Institute	Loudonville, New York
headquarters location	Sozialhelden e.V. is a registered nonprofit organisation based in Berlin, Germany.	Sozialhelden	Berlin
headquarters location	Harzfeld's was a Kansas City, Missouri-based department store chain specializing in women's and children's high-end apparel.	Harzfeld's	Kansas City
headquarters location	Del-One (formerly Delaware Federal Credit Union) is a federally chartered credit union headquartered in Dover, Delaware and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA).	Del-One	Dover
headquarters location	Afghanistan International Bank (AIB) is a local commercial bank in Afghanistan, with its head office in Kabul.	Afghanistan International Bank	Kabul
headquarters location	Kogswell Cycles, Inc. was a small bicycle frame company with its headquarters in El Dorado Hills, California.	Kogswell Cycles	El Dorado Hills, California
headquarters location	Digital Group Audio, commonly referred to as DGA, is a privately held consumer electronics company based in Carlsbad, California.	Digital Group Audio	Carlsbad
headquarters location	ENFOS, Inc. is a multinational enterprise software company with headquarters in San Mateo, California.	ENFOS, Inc.	San Mateo
headquarters location	Aero Union Corporation was an aircraft operation and maintenance company based in Chico, California, United States.	Aero Union	Chico
headquarters location	Nalcor Energy is a provincial energy corporation which is headquartered in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.	Nalcor Energy	St. John
headquarters location	Midtown Comics is a New York City comic book retailer with three shops in Manhattan and an e-commerce website.	Midtown Comics	New York City
headquarters location	In 1990, Schering-Plough sold Maybelline to a New York investment firm, Wasserstein Perella & Co. Maybelline Operational Headquarters remained in Memphis until being sold in 1996, when headquarters moved to New York City.	Maybelline	New York City
headquarters location	United American Insurance Company (UA), based in McKinney, Texas, provides supplemental life, health, and accident coverage.	United American Insurance Company	McKinney
headquarters location	Freescale Semiconductor, Inc. was an American multinational corporation headquartered in Austin, Texas with design, research and development, manufacturing and sales operations in more than 75 locations in 19 countries.	Freescale Semiconductor	Austin
headquarters location	Siberian State Technological University is the oldest university in Krasnoyarsk, Russia.	Siberian State Technological University	Krasnoyarsk
headquarters location	Spyderco is a Golden, Colorado, U.S.A. based cutlery company that produces knives and knife sharpeners.	Spyderco	Golden
headquarters location	HP Hood LLC is an American dairy company based in Lynnfield, Massachusetts.	HP Hood	Lynnfield, Massachusetts
headquarters location	Banco Patagonia is an Argentine commercial bank headquartered in Buenos Aires.	Banco Patagonia	Buenos Aires
headquarters location	Founded in Montreal, Canada, DataWind is a developer of wireless, web-access products and services.	DataWind	Montreal
headquarters location	Digital Chocolate, Inc. is a video game developer and publisher headquartered in San Mateo, California.	Digital Chocolate	San Mateo
headquarters location	Schempp-Hirth Flugzeugbau GmbH is a glider manufacturer based in Kirchheim unter Teck, Germany.	Schempp-Hirth	Kirchheim unter Teck
headquarters location	Jan De Nul Group is a family-owned company, with the financial headquarters in Luxembourg, that provides services relating to the construction and maintenance of maritime infrastructure on an international basis.	Jan De Nul	Luxembourg
headquarters location	The company was founded in 1886 by the De Cecco brothers in the small town of Fara San Martino in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.	De Cecco	Fara San Martino
headquarters location	Legend Fighting Championship (Legend FC) was a Hong Kong-based mixed martial arts (MMA) organisation which invited national champion fighters from throughout the Asia-Pacific to compete for regional supremacy.	Legend Fighting Championship	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Sageworks is a private company headquartered in Raleigh, North Carolina.	Sageworks	Raleigh
headquarters location	Merisant is privately held and headquartered in Chicago.	Merisant	Chicago
headquarters location	DigitalBridge was a privately held digital ecosystem and protected information sharing company located in Orem, Utah.	DigitalBridge	Orem
headquarters location	Harts Stores (Hart's Family Center) was a regional general merchandise chain in the midwestern United States, headquartered for many years in Columbus, Ohio.	Harts Stores	Columbus
headquarters location	Rocco Motto was an Italian (Turin) coachbuilding company established in 1930.	Rocco Motto	Turin
headquarters location	Heerenveen plant employed 700 to produce 70,000 Batavus mopeds and 250,000 bicycles a year.	Batavus	Heerenveen
headquarters location	Sprint Applied Research & Advanced Technology Labs (Sprint ATL/Sprint Labs) is Sprint Nextel research facility located in Burlingame, CA.	Sprint Applied Research & Advanced Technology Labs	Burlingame
headquarters location	Restaurant Nora is America's first certified organic restaurant, located in Washington, D.C..	Restaurant Nora	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Nambarrie is the brand name of a tea company based in Belfast, Northern Ireland, now owned by Twinings.	Nambarrie	Belfast
headquarters location	Mindjet is a mind mapping and innovation management software company headquartered in San Francisco, California.	Mindjet	San Francisco
headquarters location	OpenLink Software, Inc., is a software company founded in 1992 with its headquarters in Burlington, Massachusetts, United States, although some research and product development takes place within the EU, across the UK, Netherlands and Bulgaria.	OpenLink Software	Burlington
headquarters location	The Peruvian Corporation Ltd. (alternate: Peruvian Corporation of London) was registered under the Companies Act in London on 20 March 1890.	Peruvian Corporation	London
headquarters location	E & J Gallo Winery is a winery and distributor headquartered in Modesto, California.	E & J Gallo Winery	Modesto
headquarters location	Beverly Hills 6750, is a luxury aesthetic center in Makati City, Philippines.	Beverly Hills 6750	Makati
headquarters location	Energy Management Inc (EMI) is a Boston-based energy company that was founded by Jim Gordon in 1975.	Energy Management Inc	Boston
headquarters location	Kaznetmedia company was founded by Daniyar Sugralinov in Astana in 2009.	Kaznetmedia	Astana
headquarters location	Strato AG is an internet service provider headquartered in Berlin, Germany.	Strato AG	Berlin
headquarters location	Headquartered in Emeryville, California, Esperanto-USA is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization and is the US section of the Universala Esperanto-Asocio.	Esperanto-USA	Emeryville
headquarters location	Tri Synergy is a Video game publisher Founded in 1996 in Dallas, Texas, They specializes in co-publishing game's made by a variety of developers	Tri Synergy	Dallas
inception	Karlskrona HK is an ice hockey club located in Karlskrona, Sweden, established in 2001.	Karlskrona HK	2001
inception	Wisconsin Rebels were an American soccer team, founded in 1998, originally as the Fox River Rebels.	Wisconsin Rebels	1998
inception	The company was founded in 1883 by Friedrich Gretsch, a 27-year-old German immigrant, shortly after his arrival to the United States.	Gretsch	1883
inception	Yeghikian are an American Rock band from Los Angeles, CA, formed in 2014.	Yeghikian	2014
inception	The Pittsburgh Shamrocks were a professional ice hockey team, based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania that played in the International Hockey League in 1935--36.	Pittsburgh Shamrocks	1935
inception	The Union Beverages Factory, based in the UAE, began selling Maaza as a franchisee in the Middle East and Africa in 1976.	Maaza	1976
inception	Ritzaus Bureau A/S, or Ritzau for short, is a Danish news agency founded in 1866 by Erik Nicolai Ritzau.	Ritzau	1866
inception	Founded in 1969, Software AG is an enterprise software company with over 10,000 enterprise customers in over 70 countries.	Software AG	1969
inception	Appliance Art, Inc. was founded by Grant T. Smith in 2008 to give people options to upgrade the look of their kitchens without buying new appliances and countertops.	Appliance Art, Inc.	2008
inception	Helped by the French guitar player Eddy Santacreu, bassist Matt Hunter, rhythm guitarist Luke Cuerten and Chris Brown on drums, they formed the band Koritni in 2006.	Koritni	2006
inception	The new autonomous status, granted from 1972 onwards, has resulted in a considerable level of self-government, also due to the large financial resources of South Tyrol, retaining almost 90% of all levied taxes.	South Tyrol	1972
inception	The Elgar Society was founded in 1951 and was registered as a charity on 22 January 1988.	Elgar Society	1951
inception	The Suk Trio was a Czech piano trio founded in 1951 and disbanded in 1990.	Suk Trio	1951
inception	Fyxation is a bicycle company based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, founded by Nick and Ben Ginster in 2009.	Fyxation	2009
inception	Audimated.com, which launched in June 2010, offers a platform in which both artists and fans can sell music and related products to make a profit.	Audimated	2010
inception	Doubs is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790.	Doubs	4 March 1790
inception	King Brothers Productions was a film production company active from 1941 to the late 1960s.	King Brothers Productions	1941
inception	Frontier Energy Group, LLC traces its history back to 1986 with the opening of Frontier Wellhead & Supply in Watford City, North Dakota.	Frontier Energy Group	1986
inception	The Scuola Superiore di Studi Storici di San Marino (Advanced School of Historical Studies in San Marino), founded in 1988, is a doctorate-awarding centre for research and study in history and related humanities, with a strong international character.	Scuola Superiore di Studi Storici di San Marino	1988
inception	Main Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on Quadra Island.Established in 1997, the Main Lake Provincial Park encompasses a large wilderness area for visitor observation and outdoor recreation.	Main Lake Provincial Park	1997
inception	The Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) is the state news agency of North Korea that was established on December 5, 1946.	Korean Central News Agency	1946
inception	The New Zealand Chamber Soloists (NZCS) (established 2006), are a New Zealand based chamber music ensemble.	New Zealand Chamber Soloists	2006
inception	JSC Izhevsk Electromechanical Plant or IEMZ Kupol for short (Russian: Ижевский электромеханический завод ``Купол'') is a Soviet/Russian military R&D enterprise founded in 1957.	Izhevsk Electromechanical Plant	1957
inception	The 91st Reconnaissance Squadron was re-activated, re-organized, and re-designated the 1st Squadron (Airborne), 91st Cavalry Regiment on 8 June 2006, at Conn Barracks in Schweinfurt, Germany.	91st Cavalry Regiment	2006
inception	The Pentax K-x won the Technical Image Press Association (TIPA) award for Best DSLR Entry Level in Europe 2010 and Time Magazine listed the Pentax K-x in its Best Travel Gadgets of 2009 list.	Pentax K-x	2010
inception	The Fimcap was founded in 1962 and is recognised as an official catholic organization by the Pontifical Council for the Laity.	Fimcap	1962
inception	The Piccadilly Gallery was an art gallery which operated from a number of addresses in London between 1953 and 2007.	Piccadilly Gallery	1953
inception	Jacob Yates and the Pearly Gate Lock Pickers were formed in 2007 by Jake Lovatt, former front man with Uncle John & Whitelock.	Jacob Yates and the Pearly Gate Lock Pickers	2007
inception	Dead & Company was formed in 2015 following the hugely successful Fare Thee Well concerts performed by the surviving members of the Grateful Dead.	Dead & Company	2015
inception	The Deutscher Fernsehpreis (German Television Award) is a German award for television programming, created in 1999 by German television channels Das Erste, ZDF, RTL and Sat.1.	Deutscher Fernsehpreis	1999
inception	Camp Creek State Park was created in 1987 by dividing the 550-acre (220 ha) area from Camp Creek State Forest.	Camp Creek State Park	1987
inception	The Charter of the Forest was first issued on 6 November 1217 as a complementary charter to the Magna Carta from which it had evolved.	Charter of the Forest	6 November 1217
inception	Otay Ranch High School is a high school established in 2003 with 97 classrooms.	Otay Ranch High School	2003
inception	The Bandstand Marathon is a cultural event that began in 2008 and sees a range of free live music concerts take place simultaneously at bandstands and other outdoor venues across the United Kingdom.	Bandstand Marathon	2008
inception	The Centralist Republic of Mexico (Spanish: República Centralista de México), officially the Mexican Republic (Spanish: República Mexicana) was a unitary political regime established in Mexico on October 23, 1835, after the repeal of the Constitution of 1824.	Centralist Republic of Mexico	1835
inception	They were formed in 1990 under the name Kåre and The Cavemen, but changed their name to Euroboys in 1997 for releases outside of Norway.	Euroboys	1990
inception	Simian Records is a record label founded by actor and The Lord of the Rings star Elijah Wood in 2005.	Simian Records	2005
inception	Welkom officially came into being on 15 April 1947, six years after the first mining lease in the area was awarded to the St Helena Gold Mining Company, and was proclaimed a town on 23 July 1948.	Welkom	1947
inception	The Swedish Handball Federation was founded in 1931, and is a member of the Swedish Sports Confederation (Swedish: Riksidrottsförbundet, RF), the Swedish Olympic Committee (Swedish: Sveriges Olympiska Kommitté, SOK), the European Handball Federation (EHF) and the International Handball Federation (IHF).	Swedish Handball Federation	1931
inception	The Christian Association for Psychological Studies (CAPS), founded in 1956, is an association of Christians in the counseling and behavioral sciences.	Christian Association for Psychological Studies	1956
inception	Ghostfire Games is a video game developer and publisher based out of Austin, Texas, U.S., founded in late 2007.	Ghostfire Games	2007
inception	The complete name of the movement, which was founded on 26 November 2006 in Padua, is Venetians Movement for the Independence of Venetia (Movimento Veneti par ła Indipendensa de ła Venetia), but it is commonly known also as The Venetians (I Veneti).	Venetians Movement	2006
inception	Eskimo Callboy is a German electronicore band formed in Castrop-Rauxel in 2010.	Eskimo Callboy	2010
inception	Health PEI was established by the provincial government following Royal Assent of the Health Services Act on April 1, 2010.	Health PEI	2010
inception	In 1990 Gomel State Medical University was founded as per resolution of the Council of Ministers and Order of the Minister of Health of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic.	Gomel State Medical University	1990
inception	Coriant was formed as an independent company in 2013.	Coriant	2013
inception	The NASA Exceptional Achievement Medal is an award of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration established in 1991.	NASA Exceptional Achievement Medal	1991
inception	The Creative Circus, founded in Atlanta, Georgia in 1995 by Norm Grey, Rob Lawton, Carol Vick, Mike Jones-Kelley, Betty Gammage and Reva Ezell is an accredited, portfolio-building educational program for Creative Advertising (Copywriting and Art Direction), Interactive Development, Design and Photography.	The Creative Circus	1995
inception	Within the framework of municipal reform, the new community of Wildeck came into being on 31 December 1971 through the merger of the above-named communities.	Wildeck	1971
inception	On October 21, 2002, Covenant University opened.	Covenant University	2002
inception	The Australian Football Hall of Fame was established in 1996, the Centenary year of the Australian Football League, to help recognise the contributions made to the sport of Australian rules football by players, umpires, media personalities, coaches and administrators.	Australian Football Hall of Fame	1996
inception	SBI Capital Markets (SBICAPS) is an investment bank founded in August 1986.	SBI Capital Markets	1986
inception	Bootsauce was a Canadian rock band formed in Montreal in 1989.	Bootsauce	1989
inception	Inspired by her daughter Gaby, Donna Karan founded DKNY in 1989 as a younger, more affordable fast fashion diffusion line to run alongside her existing Donna Karan New York label.	DKNY	1989
inception	Airtel Tanzania was the result of partial privatization of TTCL on February 23, 2001.	Airtel Tanzania	2001
inception	Timbercorp, a now-defunct managed investment scheme within Australia from 1999 to 2008, was established to manage superannuation and investments in agriculture.	Timbercorp	1999
inception	Fanzz began operations in 1985 and has grown to be one of the largest sports apparel and merchandise providers in the United States.	Fanzz	1985
inception	The CESNET association was founded in 1996 by Czech public universities and the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic.	CESNET	1996
inception	Grandy's was founded in 1972 by Walter E. Johnson and Rex E. Sanders, who became friends while working together as teenagers at a Dallas, Texas cafeteria.	Grandy's	1972
inception	Lady Antebellum is an American country music group formed in Nashville, Tennessee in 2006.	Lady Antebellum	2006
inception	From 1992--93 season to 1997--98 season, Slovenian Third League was divided into two regional groups (East and West) with both group winners directly promoting to the Slovenian Second League.	Slovenian Third League	1992
inception	Cono Christian School, founded in 1951 near Walker, Iowa, by Max and Jean Belz, is a K-12 day and boarding school serving students from around the United States and the world.	Cono Christian School	1951
inception	The Special Goodness is an American alternative rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1996 by Weezer drummer Patrick Wilson.	The Special Goodness	1996
inception	In 1997, Nanosurf was awarded the ``Start-up-Label'' by the Swiss government agency for innovation (KTI).	Nanosurf	1997
inception	Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) is a public interest research group in Washington, D.C. EPIC was established in 1994 to focus public attention on emerging civil liberties issues and to protect privacy, the First Amendment and constitutional values in the information age.	Electronic Privacy Information Center	1994
inception	K.S.K. Ronse is a Belgian association football club from Ronse in East Flanders born in 1987 from the fusion between Assa Ronse and R.F.C. Renaisien.	K.S.K. Ronse	1987
inception	The station was assigned the WQOS-LP call letters by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on January 9, 2004.	WQOS-LP	2004
inception	It was founded in 1847 as Rockford Female Seminary and changed its name to Rockford College in 1892, and to Rockford University in 2013.	Rockford University	1847
inception	The Hummocks Watchman Eagles Football Club was formed in 1995 from a merger of Adelaide Plains Football League clubs, Hummocks Watchman and Port Wakefield.	Hummocks Watchman Eagles Football Club	1995
inception	Silversun Pickups is an alternative rock band from Los Angeles that was formed in 2002.	Silversun Pickups	2002
inception	Funk&Gonzo got the their start in the summer of 2008 when three of the founding members of Salt Lake City band VoxCarnage joined up with current Funk&Gonzo front man Eric Pehrson.	Funk&Gonzo	2008
inception	The Night Marchers are an alternative rock band formed in 2007 in San Diego, California.	The Night Marchers	2007
inception	Cosquin Rock is an Argentine music festival, held annually since 2001.	Cosquin Rock	2001
inception	Orsa Spelmän is a folk music sextet from Orsa in Sweden, which was founded in 1987.	Orsa Spelmän	1987
inception	Flugwissenschaftliche Vereinigung Aachen (abbreviation: FVA, English: Flight Research Association Aachen) is a non-profit organization, founded in 1920, which is closely associated to RWTH Aachen University (Rheinisch-Westfälische Technische Hochschule -- Aachen), with members consisting of RWTH Aachen students, which have included Felix Kracht.	Flugwissenschaftliche Vereinigung Aachen	1920
inception	Timber Lodge Steakhouse Inc. was originally founded under the name Minnesota Steakhouse in September 1991 in Burnsville, Minnesota.	Timber Lodge Steakhouse	1991
inception	The N. Waldo Harrison Professorship was established in 1987 by Virginia Tech College of Engineering alumnus Nathaniel Waldo Harrison.	N. Waldo Harrison Professor	1987
inception	A colony of North Australia existed briefly after it was authorised by letters patent of 17 February 1846.	North Australia	17 February 1846
inception	Air Anatolia (Turkish: Anadolu Havacılık A.Ş.) was a charter airline from Turkey, which was operational between 1998 and 2002.	Air Anatolia	1998
inception	The 1st Laotian Parachute Battalion (Fr: 1er bataillon de parachutistes laotiens) was a French paratroop battalion formed in Vientiane, French Indochina in 1951.	1st Laotian Parachute Battalion	1951
inception	The Militia Immaculatae (meaning the ``Army of the Immaculate One''), called in English the Knights of the Immaculata, is a worldwide Catholic evangelization movement founded by St. Maximilian Kolbe in 1917.	Militia Immaculatae	1917
inception	Adafruit Industries is an open-source hardware company founded by Limor Fried in 2005.	Adafruit Industries	2005
inception	Lifelover was a Swedish metal band, formed in 2005 by Jonas Bergqvist and Kim Carlsson.	Lifelover	2005
inception	Hi Fly Malta started operations in early 2013 with one Airbus A340-600 formerly operated by Virgin Atlantic with one more pre-owned on order.	Hi Fly Malta	2013
inception	Within the framework of administrative reform in Hesse on 31 December 1971, the community of Brechen came into being through the amalgamation of the formerly autonomous communities of Werschau and Niederbrechen.	Brechen	1971
inception	Licht ins Dunkel (German for ``light into the dark'') is an annual telethon held in Austria since 1973.	Licht ins Dunkel	1973
inception	On the basis of the Baku Marine College by the task of Great Leader Haydar Aliyev, by the decision of Cabinet of Ministers of the Azerbaijan Republic № 91, dated July 15, 1996 the Azerbaijan State Marine Academy (ASMA) was created.	Azerbaijan State Marine Academy	1996
inception	The Tornante Company, LLC is a privately held investment firm founded by former The Walt Disney Company CEO Michael Eisner in 2005.	The Tornante Company	2005
inception	The Free Republic of Wendland (from German Republik Freies Wendland) was a protest camp established in Gorleben, Germany, on 3 May 1980 to protest against the establishment of a nuclear waste dump there.	Free Republic of Wendland	3 May 1980
inception	Óčko (stylised as Òĉko) is the first Czech music television channel, which started broadcasting in 2002.	Óčko	2002
inception	Violet Scene was a Norwegian rock group whose key members included Kjetil Bergseth (vocals/guitar), Jo Espen Bergseth (bass), Ralf Lofstad (guitar), Arvid Nordstrand (drums) and Asbjørn Risøy (guitar) between 1995 and 2000.	Violet Scene	1995
inception	Qwest Records is the American record label started by Quincy Jones in 1980 as a joint venture with Warner Bros. Records, and owned by Warner Music Group.	Qwest Records	1980
inception	Art Projects International was founded in 1993 and opened its first commercial gallery space in the SoHo section of Manhattan.	Art Projects International	1993
inception	Brightcove was founded in 2004 by Jeremy Allaire, who now serves as Executive Chairman, and Bob Mason.	Brightcove	2004
inception	Edge Wireless LLC was a mobile phone provider founded in 1999 by Wayne Perry, Cal Cannon and Donnie Castleman, serving southern Oregon, northern California, southeastern Idaho and Jackson, Wyoming.	Edge Wireless	1999
inception	Open to the public in 1734 under Clement XII, the Capitoline Museums are considered the first museum in the world, understood as a place where art could be enjoyed by all and not only by the owners.	Capitoline Museums	1734
inception	The predecessor of the China Art Museum was the Shanghai Art Museum, which was established in 1956 in a former restaurant on West Nanjing Road, and completely rebuilt in 1986.	China Art Museum	1956
inception	Brava3D was a Dutch cultural 3D television channel aimed at the European market which launched on 25 November 2010 Free-to-air on the Astra 3B satellite.	Brava3D	2010
inception	Coke Boys Records is a record label, originally known as Cocaine City Records that was founded by American rapper French Montana in 2008.	Coke Boys Records	2008
inception	In 1920, a group of monks sent by Alfredo Ildefonso Schuster, then Abbot of the Abbey of St. Paul Outside the Walls in Rome (attached to the Basilica of Saint Paul Outside the Walls), gave a new life to Farfa Abbey by starting anew traditional monastic praying (the Divine office) and living.	Farfa Abbey	1920
inception	Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market research, analysis, and intelligence firm with offices in India and the U.S. The company was incorporated as a public partnership in 2011 by Anurag Singh and Utkarsh Koregaonkar.	Transparency Market Research	2011
inception	The Danish Astronomical Society (Dansk Astronomisk Selskab) was founded in 1916 'with the purpose of acting for the spread of knowledge and interest in astronomy and astronomical research'.	Danish Astronomical Society	1916
inception	The Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada (APF Canada), created by an Act of Parliament in 1984, is an independent, not-for-profit think-tank on Canada's relations with Asia.	Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada	1984
inception	Mezarkabul was formed in Bursa in 1986 by guitarist Hakan Utangaç and drummer Cenk Ünnü.	Mezarkabul	1986
inception	Port Dalrymple School was opened in 1999 after the merge of George Town Primary School and George Town High School.	Port Dalrymple School	1999
inception	46 South African Brigade was established on April 1, 1999 as part of the restructuring process of the South African Army.	46 South African Brigade	1999
inception	Jatipita Engineering College, now called Maheshwara Institute Of Technology was established in the 1997 at the Adilabad constituency in the district of Adilabad.	Maheshwara Institute Of Technology	1997
inception	Aliağa Petkim was established in 1993, and continued playing in the ranks of TB2L until in 2008-09 season.	Aliağa Petkim	1993
inception	Agip (Azienda Generale Italiana Petroli--General Italian Oil Company) is a former Italian automotive gasoline, Diesel, LPG, lubricants, fuel oil, and bitumen retailer established in 1926.	Agip	1926
inception	Icon Ventures was founded by Joe Horowitz in 2003 in Palo Alto, California under the name Jafco Ventures.	Icon Ventures	2003
inception	The Sadies are a Canadian rock and roll / country and western band formed in 1994 in Toronto.	The Sadies	1994
inception	MISCA was established on 5 December 2013 by United Nations Security Council resolution 2127 to stabilise the country as a result of the Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration and following the 2013 Central African Republic coup d'état.	MISCA	2013
inception	In 1993, Koryo Tours was set up by Nick Bonner and Joshua Green and they have been organizing trips into the Democratic People's Republic of Korea since 1993.	Koryo Tours	1993
inception	Airtasker was founded in 2012 by Australian entrepreneurs Tim Fung and Jonathan Lui and has raised AUD $3.5 million to date.	Airtasker	2012
inception	Oasis Academy Lord's Hill replaced Millbrook Community School and Oaklands Community School which both closed in August 2008.	Oasis Academy Lord's Hill	2008
inception	Von Thronstahl is a German electronic, martial-industrial, neoclassical, and neofolk band which was founded in 1995 by Josef Maria Klumb.	Von Thronstahl	1995
inception	Originally founded by Kotama Okada in 1959 under the name L.H. Yokoshi Tomo no Kai, Sukyo Mahikari was registered on 23 June 1978 by Keishu Okada as part of an amicable settlement following the passing of Kotama Okada.	Sukyo Mahikari	1959
inception	California X are a punk rock band formed in 2012 in Amherst, Massachusetts by Lemuel Gurtowsky.	California X	2012
inception	The Swiss Numismatic Society (SNS) was founded in 1879 and is a registered non-profit organization.	Swiss Numismatic Society	1879
inception	Oscar Theatre Company was founded by local performer Emily Gilhome in 2004 with a view to support and produce new works and productions for young Queensland theatre artists.	Oscar Theatre Company	2004
inception	The Yangon General Hospital was established in 1899 as the Rangoon General Hospital (RGH) with a capacity of 342 beds during the British colonial era.	Yangon General Hospital	1899
inception	Ansett New Zealand was a wholly owned airline subsidiary of Ansett Australia, serving the New Zealand domestic market between 1987 and 2000.	Ansett New Zealand	1987
inception	The construction of Yishun Junior College was completed in December 1986 and the college was officially declared open by Mr. Tang Guan Seng, Parliamentary Secretary, Ministry of Education on 28 May 1988.	Yishun Junior College	1986
inception	Laker Airways (Bahamas) was an airline founded in 1992, which operated until 2005.	Laker Airways (Bahamas)	1992
inception	Université Internationale de Casablanca (International University of Casablanca) is a licensed private university in Casablanca, Morocco, which opened in September 2010.	Université Internationale de Casablanca	2010
inception	From 1 October 2013, Capital for Enterprise Limited (CfEL), BIS SME policy teams and private sector expertise were brought together within BIS to start the British Business Bank programme.	British Business Bank	2013
inception	Founded in late 2008, the China LPGA Tour hosted six professional events in 2009, eight events the following year, and 12 events in 2011.	China LPGA Tour	2008
inception	Time Life was founded in 1961 as the book division of Time Inc..	Time Life	1961
inception	The Duskfall is a Swedish melodic death metal band from Luleå, Sweden, formed in 1999.	The Duskfall	1999
inception	Sister Hazel formed in Gainesville, Florida in 1993 and was named for Sister Hazel Williams, a local missionary who ran a homeless shelter.	Sister Hazel	1993
inception	Visceral Games was known as EA Redwood Shores from 1998 to May 2009.	Visceral Games	1998
inception	T.P.E. was a project of dance-pop and Freestyle music formed in 1991 by music producer Adam Marano, who also was the only member of the project.	T.P.E.	1991
inception	Highspeed Hayride is an American country music band established in 2002 in Victoria, Texas.	Highspeed Hayride	2002
inception	New West Electronic Arts & Music Organization (NWEAMO), founded by composer Joseph Waters in Portland, Oregon, U.S. in 1998, is a nonprofit organization based in San Diego, California that produces the annual international festival of electro-acoustic music.	NWEAMO	1998
inception	Ar Re Yaouank (The young people) is a Breton music group, established in 1986 by two brothers born in Quimper, Brittany, in northwestern France, Fred and Jean-Charles Guichen (16 and 14 years at that time) playing the diatonic accordion and the acoustic guitar respectively.	Ar Re Yaouank	1986
inception	Midsummer Eve Bonfire on Skagen Beach (Danish: Sankt Hansblus på Skagen strand) is a 1906 painting by P.S. Krøyer.	Midsummer Eve Bonfire on Skagen Beach	1906
inception	The first Flunch branch opened in the Englos shopping centre on the outskirts of Lille in 1971.	Flunch	1971
inception	EasyJet has seen rapid expansion since its establishment in 1995, having grown through a combination of acquisitions and base openings fuelled by consumer demand for low-cost air travel.	EasyJet	1995
inception	Villanos is an Argentinian band formed in 1994 in the neighborhood of Villa Celina.	Villanos	1994
inception	Tabriz Museum of Natural History is a museum of wild life in the city of Tabriz at north western Iran, established in 1993 by Department of Environment of Iran.	Tabriz Museum of Natural History	1993
inception	It was established by the Thai Public Broadcasting Service Act, BE 2551 (2008), which came into force on 15 January 2008.	Thai Public Broadcasting Service	2008
inception	List Current and past leaders General President-Director * Since 7 September 1992, the position of general President-Director of France 2 has governed over both France 2 and France Télévision.	France 2	7 September 1992
inception	Jiangning Road Station (Chinese: 江宁路) is a station on the Shanghai Metro, which services Line 13 and opened on December 19, 2015.	Jiangning Road Station	2015
inception	Tecumseh Products Company was founded by tool and die maker Raymond Herrick, in 1934.	Tecumseh Products	1934
inception	Mladost 1 Metro Station (Bulgarian: Метростанция ``Младост 1``) is a station on the Sofia Metro in Bulgaria. It opened on May 8, 2009.	Mladost 1 Metro Station	2009
inception	The Charleston Museum is recognized by the American Alliance of Museums as the first museum in America; it was founded in 1773 and opened to the public in 1824.	Charleston Museum	1773
inception	The Bundang Line was first opened in September 1994 between Suseo and Ori.	Bundang Line	1994
inception	On November 11, 2013, the ECHL Board of Governors approved the expansion membership application of the Indy Fuel for admission to the league for the 2014--15 season.	Indy Fuel	2013
inception	The Humanist Union was founded in 1961 in Munich and is the oldest existing civil rights organization of the Federal Republic of Germany.	Humanist Union	1961
inception	Afriqiyah Airways was established in April 2001 and commenced scheduled services on 1 December 2001.	Afriqiyah Airways	2001
inception	Sound Relief was a multi-venue rock music concert held on 14 March 2009, which was announced by the Premier of Victoria, John Brumby on 24 February 2009.	Sound Relief	2009
inception	Formed in 1988 by male vocalist Ty Elam as the gothic rock band Cradle of Thorns.	Cradle of Thorns	1988
inception	Chicklet originally started as a side project from the other musical projects Park and Barida were involved with prior to 1995.	Chicklet	1995
inception	The World Music Awards is an international awards show founded in 1989 under the high patronage of Albert II, Prince of Monaco and is based in Monte-Carlo.	World Music Awards	1989
inception	The Compagnie générale transsaharienne (CGT) was a French company founded in 1923 that provided road and air transport in the French colonial territories that covered most of the Sahara.	Compagnie générale transsaharienne	1923
inception	Zynga with Friends (formerly Newtoy, Inc.) is a video game developer founded in 2008 by brothers Paul Bettner and David Bettner, and their cousin Michael Chow.	Zynga with Friends	2008
inception	ASI Government (ASI) formerly Acquisition Solutions, Inc., started out in 1996 as an acquisition consultant to the federal government, and was one of the recognized contributors to the US Government's Performance Based Acquisition (PBA) Seven Steps guide.	ASI Government	1996
inception	The Las Vegas Legends is an American indoor soccer team founded in 2012 as a member of the Major Arena Soccer League.	Las Vegas Legends	2012
inception	Bhagat Phool Singh Mahila Vishwavidyalaya, also known as Bhagat Phool Singh Women's University, is the first exclusively women's only State university of Northern India established by the Government of Haryana in August 2006 at Village Khanpur Kalan, District Sonipat.	Bhagat Phool Singh Mahila Vishwavidyalaya	2006
inception	In 1803, as part of the Act of Mediation, the canton of Thurgau became a member of the Swiss confederation.	Thurgau	1803
inception	School friends Danny ``Brotha D'' Leaosavai'i and Andy Murnane founded Dawn Raid Entertainment in 1999.	Dawn Raid Entertainment	1999
inception	The Royal Saxon State Railways (Königlich Sächsische Staatseisenbahnen) were the state-owned railways operating in the Kingdom of Saxony from 1869 to 1918.	Royal Saxon State Railways	1869
inception	The Oxygen Green Party (Spanish: Partido Verde Oxígeno) was a political party in Colombia founded in 1998.	Oxygen Green Party	1998
inception	Coliban Water is a regional water corporation in Victoria, Australia, established on 1 July 1992.	Coliban Water	1992
inception	The Taiwan Indigenous Television (TITV; Chinese: 原住民族電視台; pinyin: Yuánzhù Mínzú Diànshìtái) is a satellite cable channel operated by Taiwan Broadcasting System (TBS) in Taiwan, launched on July 1, 2005.	Taiwan Indigenous Television	2005
inception	Boon Rawd Brewery (Thai: บริษัท บุญรอดบริวเวอรี่ จำกัด) is a well-known Asian brewery founded in 1933 by Boonrawd Srethabutra.	Boon Rawd Brewery	1933
inception	The acquired company, which had been formed in December 1963, was renamed W.H. Smith Do It All Limited on the same date, and traded thereafter as WHSmith Do It All.	Do It All	1963
inception	WAAKE-UP! (World Awareness and Action Koalition of Equal United Progressives) was a student and community coalition at the University of Colorado Boulder (CU-Boulder) active from 1998 to 2001.	WAAKE-UP!	1998
inception	Latvian Way was founded on 25 September 1993, by a group of former activists of Popular Front of Latvia and Latvian exiles who had returned to Latvia after it regained independence.	Latvian Way	25 September 1993
inception	Ghana Technology University College (GTUC), formerly Ghana Telecom University College is a university founded in 2005 by Ghana Telecom, the national telecommunications company.	Ghana Technology University College	2005
inception	Copenhell is a heavy metal festival held annually at Refshaleøen in Copenhagen, Denmark, since 2010.	Copenhell	2010
inception	Fullen Gaels were formed in February 2005 Manchester by a small group passionate about hurling and with a desire to reintroduce the sport to (historic) Lancashire after an absence of two decades, following the Sarsfields club's disbandment.	Fullen Gaels	2005
inception	The Beautiful Music (TBM) is a Canadian record label started in 2002 by Wally Salem, specializing in indie pop. Acts include Skytone, Nick Danger & the Danger City Rebels, The Mules, Jeremy Gluck, Dot Dash, Roy Moller, The Yellow Melodies, The Higher Elevations and The Social Icons.	The Beautiful Music	2002
inception	The English Shakespeare Company was an English theatre company founded in 1986 by Michael Bogdanov and Michael Pennington to present and promote the works of William Shakespeare on both a national and an international level.	English Shakespeare Company	1986
inception	The American Translators Association (ATA) was founded in 1959 and is now the largest professional association of translators and interpreters in the United States with more than 10,000 members in 90 countries.	American Translators Association	1959
inception	Lunatic Society is a Belgian old school punk rock band, established in 1992.	Lunatic Society	1992
inception	Spare Me Records was an independent record label based in Williamsburg, New York, active between 1996 and 2002.	Spare Me Records	1996
inception	Sergeant Steel is a hard rock band from Austria, which was found by guitar player Jack Power, singer Phil Vanderkill and bass player Cosy Coxx in 2007.	Sergeant Steel	2007
inception	Preceding the Asüna marque, Passport sold a Korean (Daewoo) made badge engineered Opel Kadett E known as the Passport Optima (which hit Canadian shores in 1991) as well as a selection of Isuzu cars and SUVs.	Asüna	1991
inception	The history of Orient Lines began in 1991 when Shipping & General Ltd, owned by Gerry Herrod, acquired the cruise ship Alexandr Pushkin from Far Eastern Shipping Company.	Orient Lines	1991
inception	Freefaller were a British pop/rock band from Newcastle upon Tyne, England, formed in 2001.	Freefaller	2001
inception	Airgas was founded by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Peter McCausland in 1982, and became a publicly traded company in 1986.	Airgas	1982
inception	Uprok Records was a record label created in 1999 under the parent company Tooth & Nail Records, with a focus on distributing Christian hip-hop artists.	Uprok Records	1999
inception	The Malayan High School of Science (MHSS) is a private secondary educational institution established in 2005, and it is managed and operated by the Mapúa Institute of Technology (MIT).	Malayan High School of Science	2005
inception	NU'EST (Hangul: 뉴이스트; acronym for New Establish Style Tempo) is a South Korean boy group formed by Pledis Entertainment in 2012.	NU'EST	2012
inception	The Tchicaya U Tam'si Prize for African Poetry, established in 1989, rewards a writer who is distinguished by an innovative poetic work, of high artistic value.	Tchicaya U Tam'si Prize for African Poetry	1989
inception	Golden Myanmar Airlines (Burmese: ရွှေမြန်မာ လေကြောင်းလိုင်း) domestic and international airlines established in August 2012.	Golden Myanmar Airlines	2012
inception	After the band's demise in 1996, Carns and Sloan continued to collaborate with July and named the new line-up The Need, releasing their debut EP, Margie Ruskie Stops Time, on Kill Rock Stars.	The Need	1996
inception	Angelit, formerly known as Angelin tytöt (Aŋŋel nieiddat), is a Finnish Sámi folk music group formed by sisters Ursula and Tuuni Länsman in 1989.	Angelit	1989
inception	The Koffler Centre of the Arts is a broad-based cultural institution established in 1977 by Murray and Marvelle Koffler and based at Artscape Youngplace in the West Queen West area of downtown Toronto, Ontario.	Koffler Centre of the Arts	1977
inception	The Pakistan Oilfields is a subsidiary of the Attock Group of Companies, was incorporated on 25 November 25, 1950, with the financial capital and technical cooperation of the Soviet Union.	Pakistan Oilfields	1950
inception	The airline was established as Astair Airlines in 1998 and became Interavia Airlines on 18 May 2005.	Interavia Airlines	1998
inception	Based in Taiwan, G.Skill corporation was established in 1989 by a group of computer enthusiasts.	G.Skill	1989
inception	The Libera Università Maria SS. Assunta, often simply abbreviated as ``LUMSA'' is a private university founded in 1939 in Rome.	Libera Università Maria SS. Assunta	1939
inception	Founded in 2009, John Meadow and his partners merged all of their restaurants and subsidiaries to form LDV Hospitality.	LDV Hospitality	2009
inception	CANADEM is an Ottawa based non-profit, government-related organization established in 1996 with funding from the Canadian Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade.	CANADEM	1996
inception	System Planning Corporation (SPC) is a Virginia based corporation founded in 1970 that produces military electronics, such as radar, and Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance in airwarfare, cybersecurity, program management and research of advanced weapons systems, advanced space systems and advanced microsystems for the United States Department of Defense (DoD).	System Planning Corporation	1970
inception	The Hamnet Players, founded in 1993, perform virtual theatre (cyberformance) using IRC chat.	The Hamnet Players	1993
inception	Luxor Temple is a large Ancient Egyptian temple complex located on the east bank of the Nile River in the city today known as Luxor (ancient Thebes) and was founded in 1400 BCE.	Luxor Temple	1400 BCE
inception	Benadir University was founded in October 2002 as a medical school to help train local doctors in Somalia.	Benadir University	2002
inception	BC Nadezhda Orenburg (Надежда Оренбург) is a Russian women's basketball club from Orenburg founded in 1994.	Nadezhda Orenburg	1994
inception	Per Aspera Press is a publisher of speculative fiction based in Seattle, Washington, founded by Karawynn Long and Jak Koke in 2003.	Per Aspera Press	2003
inception	Baghlan University (Pashto: د بغلان پوهنتون‎) (Baghlan Province, Afghanistan) was established in 1993 as Hakim Naser Khesraw University, and burned down in 1998 by the Taliban.	Baghlan University	1993
inception	University of Hertfordshire Press was formed in 1992 as the publishing wing of the University of Hertfordshire.	University of Hertfordshire Press	1992
inception	Ovum Recordings is a house music record label founded by Josh Wink and King Britt in October 1994.	Ovum Recordings	1994
inception	The company was incorporated on 15 January 1996 as Dynasty Dealer Private Ltd. In 1998, it was listed on BSE and changed its name to Binani Cement Ltd.	Binani Cement	1996
inception	Nelstar Entertainment, Inc. (also known as Nelstar Music or simply Nelstar) is a Canadian independent record label founded in 2009 by Nelly Furtado in cooperation with Last Gang Records.	Nelstar Entertainment	2009
inception	The Singapore Recreation Club was founded on 23 June 1883 by a group of thirty eurasian men and was officially established on 1 July 1883.	Singapore Recreation Club	23 June 1883
inception	Image3D was founded in 1997 by Rich Dubnow, the lead 3-D photographer for View-Master for more than two decades.	Image3D	1997
inception	The Friends of Herculaneum Society is an Oxford-based British charity founded in 2004 to promote research into the archaeological site of Herculaneum at Ercolano, near Naples, Italy.	Friends of Herculaneum Society	2004
inception	The Austin Motor Company Limited was an English manufacturer of motor vehicles, founded in 1905 by Herbert Austin.	Austin Motor Company	1905
inception	The Frink School opened in 1996 in Longton, moving to Tunstall in 1999.	Frink School	1996
inception	Created in April 1996 for the AB Sat package, Chasse et Pêche is a channel dedicated to hunting and fishing for sport, and those who enjoy them.	Chasse et Pêche	1996
inception	ITC Sangeet Research Academy (ITC-SRA) was established in 1978 with the objective of preserving and promoting Hindustani Classical Music.	ITC Sangeet Research Academy	1978
inception	MTV Greece was the Greek version of MTV, launched on September 1, 2008.	MTV Greece	2008
inception	The Midnight Ramblers were founded in 1998 by Jon Huang, then a sophomore at the University of Rochester.	Midnight Ramblers	1998
inception	The Object Data Management Group (ODMG) was conceived in the summer of 1991 at a breakfast with object database vendors that was organized by Rick Cattell of Sun Microsystems.	Object Data Management Group	1991
inception	The Taiwan Intellectual Property Office (TIPO) is the patent, trademark, and copyright office of Taiwan, established in 1999.	Taiwan Intellectual Property Office	1999
inception	The WNBA Finals has been played at the conclusion of every WNBA season in history, the first being held in 1997.	WNBA Finals	1997
inception	WFMX went on the air March 17, 1990 as a satellite fed oldies format under the call letters WHQO (Standing for ``Headquarters for Oldies'') changing a few years later to a community based AC format as ``The Light at the end of the dial''.	WFMX	1990
inception	Trepan Records is a pioneering independent English record label and promotions company, founded in London in 2007.	Trepan Records	2007
inception	Velocity Girl was an American indie rock band formed in 1989 in College Park, Maryland, although it was generally known as a Washington, DC-area band.	Velocity Girl	1989
inception	KMFM Shepway and White Cliffs Country launched on 29 September 1997 as Neptune Radio, broadcasting on 96.4 and 106.8 FM after a month-long trial concluded earlier that same morning.	KMFM Shepway and White Cliffs Country	1997
inception	Buckinghamshire University Technical College (or Buckinghamshire UTC) is a university technical college (UTC) which opened in September 2013 in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, England.	Buckinghamshire University Technical College	2013
inception	The Tamil Nadu Uniformed Services Recruitment Board (TNUSRB) was constituted by the Government of Tamil Nadu in November 1991 vide G.O. Ms. No. 1806, Home (Ser.F) Department, dated 29.11.1991 for the recruitment of personnel for the Uniformed Services like Police, Prison and Fire and Rescue Services.	Tamil Nadu Uniformed Services Recruitment Board	1991
inception	Lincoln UTC is a University Technical College in Lincoln, England which opened in 2014 and specialises in science and engineering skills.	Lincoln UTC	2014
inception	CLS Communication was created in 1997 as a spin-off from Swiss Bank Corporation (now UBS) and Zurich Financial Services.	CLS Communication	1997
inception	After receiving an extension to its original permit, KSJE received its license to cover from the FCC on December 9, 1992.	KSJE	1992
inception	In 2003, Ramiyah released their self-titled album Ramiyah, which was released through Columbia.	Ramiyah	2003
inception	WLBB Carrollton, Georgia, moved to 1330 kHz and the 1100 kHz signal moved to Hapeville and changed calls to WWWE on August 30, 1996.	WWWE	1996
inception	4 Runner was an American country music vocal group founded in 1993 by lead singer Craig Morris, baritone Billy Crittenden, tenor Lee Hilliard, and bass Jim Chapman.	4 Runner	1993
inception	The University of Priština (Serbian: Универзитет у Приштини/Univerzitet u Prištini) is the name of the Serbian-language higher education institution that emerged after the disestablishment of the University of Pristina (1969--1999) as a result of the Kosovo War.	Univerzitet u Prištini	1969
inception	Invitrogen was founded in 1987 by Lyle Turner, Joe Fernandez, and William McConnell and was incorporated in 1989.	Invitrogen	1987
inception	Atlantic Television was founded in 1997 by former BBC producer Howard Gibbins.	Atlantic Television	1997
inception	Ruffhouse Records is a record label founded in 1989 by Chris Schwartz and Joe Nicolo as a joint venture with Columbia Records.	Ruffhouse Records	1989
inception	In 1922, various non-aligned groups and individuals established the Organization of General Zionists as a non-ideological party within the Zionist Organization (later the World Zionist Organization) at a time when the Zionist movement was becoming polarized between Labour Zionists and Revisionist Zionism.	General Zionists	1922
inception	The Steamship Historical Society of America (SSHSA) is a non-profit organization that was founded in 1935 as a means of bringing together amateur and professional maritime historians in the waning years of steamboat services in the northeastern United States.	Steamship Historical Society of America	1935
inception	The death metal band Wayd was founded in 1994 when thrash metal band MARION and death metal band DYSENTERY fused together.	Wayd	1994
inception	The Lingerie Basketball League (LBL) is a women's basketball league, created in 2011.	Lingerie Basketball League	2011
inception	Zhone Technologies, Inc. is a provider of telecommunications networking equipment founded in 1999.	Zhone Technologies	1999
inception	Preventice, Inc., formerly known as Boost Information Systems, Inc., was founded in 2007 by Jonathan Otterstatter, Scott Burrichter, Greg Wobig, and Dan Spors.	Preventice	2007
inception	Viereck was founded in 1748 in the course of the repopulation policy under King Frederick II, the Great, of Prussia.	Viereck	1748
inception	The SI Leeds Literary Prize is a biennial award founded in 2012 by Soroptimist International of Leeds (SI Leeds) -- a branch of the worldwide women's organization Soroptimist International -- for unpublished fiction written by Black and Asian women resident in the UK.	SI Leeds Literary Prize	2012
inception	The McConnell Center is an endowed institution created in 1991 by U.S. Senator Mitch McConnell, and the University of Louisville.	McConnell Center	1991
inception	Pan Am International Flight Academy (PAIFA) is the only remaining division of the once iconic Pan American World Airways, which declared bankruptcy in January 1991 and shut down in December 1991.	Pan Am International Flight Academy	1991
inception	Radio Bremen began transmitting a daily programme on AM radio on 23 December 1945 under the post-war occupation of Germany by the Allied powers.	Radio Bremen	1945
inception	Essendon Keilor College was founded in 1992 from the amalgamation of Queens Park Secondary College (formerly Essendon Technical School), Essendon High School, Niddrie High School and Keilor Heights Secondary College.	Essendon Keilor College	1992
inception	The Société française de photographie (French Photographic Society) is an association, founded on 15 November 1854, devoted to the history of photography.	Société française de photographie	1854
inception	The opening of Eagles Meadow was Thursday 30 October 2008 at 10am.	Eagles Meadow	2008
inception	Blurtonia was a Canadian indie rock group, formed in May 1999 to play live shows in support of the well-received self-released debut Adventures in the Kingdom of Blurtonia, co-produced by Daryl Smith whose credits include Sloan, Tricky Woo, and Godspeed You!	Blurtonia	1999
inception	The New Dominion is a Dutch death metal band from Tilburg, formed in 2006.	The New Dominion	2006
inception	Youngstown State University (YSU), founded in 1908, is an urban research university located in Youngstown, Ohio, United States.	Youngstown State University	1908
inception	The Queen signed a warrant on 13 August 1994 to allow formation of the Corps of Army Music.	Corps of Army Music	1994
inception	Launched in October 2009, Epix is the youngest of the major premium TV channels in the United States (and several decades younger than the three other established premium networks).	Epix	2009
inception	Sky Real Lives first launched as Sky Travel on 3 October 1994, and became part of the Sky Multichannels package.	Sky Real Lives	1994
inception	Vibe 101 (latterly broadcasting as Vibe FM) has been relaunched as Kiss 101, effective 07:00 on 6 September 2006 as Emap integrates the stations of the former SRH into its own portfolio.	Kiss 101	2006
inception	The Communist Party of Lithuania (Lithuanian: Lietuvos komunistų partija, Russian: Коммунистическая партия Литвы) was a communist party in Lithuania, established in early October 1918.	Communist Party of Lithuania	1918
inception	Deli de Luca is a Norwegian convenience store founded in 2003 by Adriano Capoferro and four other founding partners (Thor Johansen, Geir Syversen, Terje Bergh and Vesna Milkovic).	Deli de Luca	2003
inception	Radiation City is an American indie rock band that began in Portland, Oregon, in 2010.	Radiation City	2010
inception	Aaj News was initially started on March 23, 2005 by the Business Recorder Group.	Aaj News	2005
inception	The Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency (SAMA), established in 1952, is the central bank of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.	Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency	1952
inception	Microland was started in Bangalore, India in August 1989 with a key focus on hardware and networking till date.	Microland	1989
inception	America's Talking was an American cable television channel focused mainly on talk based programming, created by NBC and spun off from economic channel CNBC, that was launched on July 4, 1994 and replaced on July 15, 1996.	America's Talking	1994
inception	After numerous lawsuits, BonairExel (now called Bonaire Express) and Curaçao Express merged to form Dutch Antilles Express, which started operations on April 30, 2005 with flights between the Netherlands Antilles and Aruba.	Dutch Antilles Express	2005
inception	The Bahrain Centre for Human Rights is a Bahraini non-profit non-governmental organisation which works to promote human rights in Bahrain, which was founded by a number of Bahraini activists in June 2002.	Bahrain Centre for Human Rights	2002
inception	Haliç University is a foundation university, which was founded in 1998 by the Children Leukemia Foundation in Turkey.	Haliç University	1998
inception	In 2004, Melissa Swingle's band Trailer Bride broke up, and she formed The Moaners with drummer Laura King, formerly of the Chapel Hill band Grand National.	The Moaners	2004
inception	Nosotek was founded in 2008 by the North Korean General Federation of Science and Technology (GFST) and the foreign entrepreneurs Felix Abt and Volker Eloesser.	Nosotek	2008
inception	Epoka University (EU) is a private for-profit university founded in 2007 in Tirana, Albania.	Epoka University	2007
inception	Singapore Press Holdings Limited was formed on 1 January 1984 through a merger of three organisations, The Straits Times Press, Singapore News and Publications Limited and Times Publishing Berhad.	Singapore Press Holdings	1984
inception	Hadas was established on 31 March 1991 following the liberation of Kuwait from the Iraqi invasion in the Gulf War.	Hadas	31 March 1991
inception	The Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems (CCSDS) was founded in 1982 for governmental and quasi-governmental space agencies to discuss and develop standards for space data and information systems.	Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems	1982
inception	Freeh Group International Solutions was founded by Former FBI Director Louis J. Freeh in May 2007.	Freeh Group International Solutions	2007
inception	Malignus Youth was a hardcore punk band from Sierra Vista, Arizona that was active from 1987--1994 and again from 1999-2001.	Malignus Youth	1987
inception	Focus Designs was incorporated in 2007 by Daniel Wood.	Focus Designs	2007
inception	Thermaltake (1999) - PC DIY, Cooler, Fans, PSU LUXA2 (2009) - Power, Audio, Holder Solutions Tt eSPORTS (2010) - a new brand for gaming mice, keyboards, and headsets.	Thermaltake	1999
inception	The Incheon Women Artists' Biennale, held in Incheon, South Korea, and inaugurated in 2004, subsequently had editions in 2007, 2009, and 2011 that focused on the work of contemporary women artists.	Incheon Women Artists' Biennale	2004
inception	Virgin Sun Airlines, branded as Virgin Sun, was a British scheduled and charter airline owned by the Virgin Group, formed in 1998.	Virgin Sun Airlines	1998
inception	The Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) was established on Monday 8 September 2014 following the windup of the Press Complaints Commission (PCC), which had been the main industry regulator of the press in the United Kingdom since 1990.	Independent Press Standards Organisation	2014
inception	The Austrian Empire (Austrian German: Kaiserthum Oesterreich, modern spelling Kaisertum Österreich) was an empire in Central Europe created out of the realms of the Habsburgs by proclamation in 1804.	Austrian Empire	1804
inception	Omnivore Recordings is an independent record label founded in 2010, specializing in CD and vinyl reissues of previously out-of-print albums by notable artists.	Omnivore Recordings	2010
inception	The United States Basketball Writers Association (USBWA) was founded in 1956 by National Collegiate Athletic Association director Walter Byers to serve the interests of journalists who cover college basketball.	United States Basketball Writers Association	1956
inception	CKJM-FM's history stems back to 1991, when the station was on the air intermittently on a special events license issued by the CRTC and Industry Canada, which allowed it to be on the air for only up to 28 days per event.	CKJM-FM	1991
inception	Silver Creek Entertainment is a U.S.-based game developer of classic card games since 1994.	Silver Creek Entertainment	1994
inception	Compiled of public bodies, including the General Council of Seine-Maritime, the towns of Dieppe and Fécamp as well as three Chambers of Commerce, Transmanche Ferries re-opened the route early in 2001 with the chartered Sardinia Vera.	Transmanche Ferries	2001
inception	The Center for Neural Science is a research institution founded in 1989 by members of the New York University Psychology Department, following a major funding drive.	Center for Neural Science	1989
inception	Creative Partnerships was the UK government's flagship creative learning programme, established in 2002 as part of the Council's SR2000 settlement to develop young people's creativity through artists' engagement with schools in nominated areas across England.	Creative Partnerships	2002
inception	Thunder Express has released two albums, We Play for Pleasure (2004) and Republic Disgrace (2007), as well as on a 4-way split album with the song ``I Can Feel The Fire''.	Thunder Express	2004
inception	Founded in 2009, Section23 Films is one of five successors to ADV Films, as well as the distributor for Sentai Filmworks and Switchblade Films.	Section23 Films	2009
inception	Block B (Hangul: 블락비) is a South Korean boy group created by Cho PD, active since 2011.	Block B	2011
inception	Elite Model Look India is an annual fashion event held in India since 2004.	Elite Model Look India	2004
inception	Damodaram Sanjivayya National Law University (DSNLU) is a National Law University located at Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India constituted by the DSNLU Act, 2008.	Damodaram Sanjivayya National Law University	2008
inception	In November 2011, Sony Music Entertainment partnered with Dr. Luke to create Kemosabe Records.	Kemosabe Records	2011
inception	The International Council of Sport Science and Physical Education (French: Conseil International pour l'Education Physique et la Science du Sport) is an organization based in Berlin, Germany which originated in Paris, France in 1958.	International Council of Sport Science and Physical Education	1958
instrument	Steve Gorn (born in New York City) is a master bamboo flautist and saxophone player.	Steve Gorn	saxophone
instrument	András Csáki (born 1981 in Budapest), is a musician and guitarist from Hungary, began to play the guitar at the age of 11.	András Csáki	guitar
instrument	Johnny Lee Middleton (born May 7, 1963 in St. Petersburg, FL) is an American musician and songwriter, best known as the bass guitar player for Savatage and Trans-Siberian Orchestra.	Johnny Lee Middleton	guitar
instrument	František Šolc (June 25, 1920 -- March 11, 1996) was Czech French hornist and horn teacher.	František Šolc	horn
instrument	Christina von Bülow (born 1962) is a jazz musician from Denmark who plays the saxophone and flute.	Christina von Bülow	saxophone
instrument	Julius Watkins (October 10, 1921 -- April 4, 1977) was an American jazz musician, and one of the first French horn players in jazz.	Julius Watkins	horn
instrument	Kristin Sevaldsen (born 10 January 1966 in Lillehammer, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (saxophone), composer, and music producer.	Kristin Sevaldsen	saxophone
instrument	Kirk Reeves (1956--2012), also known as ``Working'' Kirk Reeves, was an American street musician and entertainer best known for playing a trumpet on the west bank bridgehead of the Hawthorne Bridge in Portland, Oregon while wearing a Mickey Mouse hat and a white suit.	Kirk Reeves	trumpet
instrument	Harvey Mandel (born March 11, 1945, in Detroit, Michigan, United States) is an American guitarist known for his innovative approach to electric guitar playing.	Harvey Mandel	guitar
instrument	Josef Janíček (born 26 December 1947 in Prague, Czechoslovakia, now Czech Republic) is a Czech rock keyboardist, singer, accordion and guitar player.	Josef Janíček	guitar
instrument	Steve Lacy (July 23, 1934 -- June 4, 2004), born Steven Norman Lackritz in New York City, was a jazz saxophonist and composer recognized as one of the important players of soprano saxophone.	Steve Lacy	saxophone
instrument	Boban Marković (Serbian Cyrillic: Бобан Марковић) is a Serbian Romani trumpet player and brass ensemble leader from Vladičin Han, frequently recognized as the greatest trumpet player to emerge from the Balkans.	Boban Marković	trumpet
instrument	Norm Fisher (born 22 October 1963) is a Canadian bass guitar player.	Norm Fisher	guitar
languages spoken or written	Charles Edward Montague, (1 January 1867 -- 28 May 1928), was an English journalist, known also as a writer of novels and essays.	Charles Edward Montague	English
languages spoken or written	Edmé Quenedey des Ricets (sometimes Edmé Quenedey) (born Riceys-le-Haut, December 17, 1756 - died Paris, February 16, 1830) was a French painter and engraver, known most especially for his miniatures.	Edmé Quenedey des Ricets	French
languages spoken or written	Hanna Yablonka (Hebrew: חנה יבלונקה‎, born Tel Aviv, c. 1950) is an Israeli historian and scholar of the Holocaust.	Hanna Yablonka	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Lorenz von Stein (18 November 1815 -- 23 September 1890) was a German economist, sociologist, and public administration scholar from Eckernförde.	Lorenz von Stein	German
languages spoken or written	Severino Gazzelloni (January 5, 1919 -- November 21, 1992), was an Italian flute player.	Severino Gazzelloni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Michel Azcueta (born 1947) is a Spanish-Peruvian teacher and politician.	Michel Azcueta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Leonard Welsted (baptised 3 June 1688 -- August 1747) was an English poet and ``dunce'' in Alexander Pope's writings (both in The Dunciad and in Peri Bathos).	Leonard Welsted	English
languages spoken or written	David Carcassonne (20 December 1789 -- 15 November 1861 in Nîmes) was a French physician.	David Carcassonne	French
languages spoken or written	Jacques Aumont (born 25 February 1942) is a French academic and writer on film theory.	Jacques Aumont	French
languages spoken or written	Nachman Shai (Hebrew: נחמן שי‎; born Nachman Shaykevich on 28 November 1946) is an Israeli journalist and politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset and its Deputy Speaker.	Nachman Shai	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	José Ramón Flórez (also known as J.R. Flórez), is a Spanish songwriter and record producer.	José Ramón Flórez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Renato Ranucci, in art Renato Rascel (27 April 1912 -- 2 January 1991) was an Italian film actor, singer, and songwriter.	Renato Rascel	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pietro Giordani (January 1, 1774 -- September 2, 1848) was an Italian writer, classical literary scholar, and a close friend of, and influence on, Giacomo Leopardi.	Pietro Giordani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Silvia Monti (born as Silvia Cornacchia on 23 January 1946 in Venice), is an Italian actress.	Silvia Monti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Juan Navarro Baldeweg (11 June 1939, Santander) is a Spanish architect and professor at the Superior Technical School of Architecture of Madrid (ETSAM).	Juan Navarro Baldeweg	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alfred St. George Hamersley (8 October 1848 -- 25 February 1929) was a nineteenth-century solicitor and entrepreneur of great renown, an English MP, and an English rugby union international who played in the first ever international match.	Alfred St. George Hamersley	English
languages spoken or written	Pietro Ricchi (1606 -- 15 August 1675) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, born in Lucca.	Pietro Ricchi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Herbert Eimert (8 April 1897 -- 15 December 1972) was a German music theorist, musicologist, journalist, music critic, editor, radio producer, and composer.	Herbert Eimert	German
languages spoken or written	José Maria Ferreira de Castro (May 24, 1898 in Oliveira de Azeméis -- June 29, 1974 in Oporto) was a Portuguese writer and journalist.	José Maria Ferreira de Castro	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Jules-Élie Delaunay (French: (dəlonɛ); June 13, 1828 -- September 5, 1891) was a French academic painter.	Jules-Élie Delaunay	French
languages spoken or written	Doris Mary Stenton (1894--1971) was an English historian of the Middle Ages.	Doris Mary Stenton	English
languages spoken or written	Georges Sagnac (14 October 1869 -- 26 February 1928) was a French physicist who lent his name to the Sagnac effect, a phenomenon which is at the basis of interferometers and ring laser gyroscopes developed since the 1970s.	Georges Sagnac	French
languages spoken or written	Miguel Navarro Cañizares (c. 1835, Valencia - 23 October 1913, Río de Janeiro) was a Spanish painter and art teacher who worked in Venezuela and Brazil.	Miguel Navarro Cañizares	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Edward Spelman or Yallop (died 1767) was an English author and translator.	Edward Spelman	English
languages spoken or written	Bruno Barbey is a Moroccan-born French photographer (born 1941).	Bruno Barbey	French
languages spoken or written	Amelia Valcarcel (November 16, 1950) is a Spanish philosopher and feminist.	Amelia Valcarcel	Spanish
languages spoken or written	It was Hiren Gohain who for the first time brought the ideas and methods of Anglo-American New Criticism to the study of Assamese/Indian literature in Assamese.	Hiren Gohain	Assamese
languages spoken or written	Pierre Galet (born January 28, 1921) is a French ampelographer and author who was an influential figure within ampelography in the 20th century and before DNA typing was widely introduced.	Pierre Galet	French
languages spoken or written	Shenbaga also known as Chembakam is an Indian actress in Tamil and Malayalam movies.	Shenbaga	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Ingeborg Drewitz (born Ingeborg Neubert; 10 January 1923 -- 26 November 1986) was a German writer.	Ingeborg Drewitz	German
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Wilhelm Weber (25 December 1813 -- 5 April 1894) was a German doctor, politician of the Prussian House of Deputies, and poet.	Friedrich Wilhelm Weber	German
languages spoken or written	Winfried Nöth (born September 12, 1944 in Gerolzhofen) is a German linguist and semiotician.	Winfried Nöth	German
languages spoken or written	Ruben Saillens (24 June 1855 -- 5 January 1942) was a French musician, author, and pastor who became one of the most influential evangelical Protestants in the French-speaking world.	Ruben Saillens	French
languages spoken or written	Ricarda Huch (German: (huχ); July 18, 1864 -- November 17, 1947) was a pioneering German intellectual.	Ricarda Huch	German
languages spoken or written	Henri Auguste Ménégaux (17 May 1857 -- 15 July 1937) was a French ornithologist and malacologist born in Audincourt.	Auguste Ménégaux	French
languages spoken or written	Francesco Ferruccio (or Ferrucci) (1489 -- August 3, 1530) was an Italian captain from Florence who fought in the Italian Wars.	Francesco Ferruccio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Walter Sedlmayr (6 January 1926 -- 14 July 1990) was a German stage, television, and film actor from Bavaria.	Walter Sedlmayr	German
languages spoken or written	Nicholas Miklouho-Maclay (Russian: Николай Николаевич Миклухо-Маклай, Ukrainian: Микола Миколайович Миклухо-Маклай; 1846--1888) was a Russian explorer, ethnologist, anthropologist and biologist who became famous as the first scientist to settle among and study people who had never seen a European.	Nicholas Miklouho-Maclay	Russian
languages spoken or written	Charles Lacheroy (22 August 1906 -- 25 January 2005) was a French Army officer, theorist of Counter-insurgency warfare, and member of the Organisation de l'armée secrète.	Charles Lacheroy	French
languages spoken or written	Michael Sachs (3 September 1808 -- 31 January 1864) was a German rabbi from Groß-Glogau, Silesia.	Michael Sachs	German
languages spoken or written	Juan Moscoso del Prado Hernández (born 5 July 1966 in Pamplona) is a Spanish economist and politician.	Juan Moscoso del Prado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Luis de Milán (also known as Lluís del Milà or Luys Milán) (c. 1500 -- c. 1561) was a Spanish Renaissance composer, vihuelist (a forerunner to the baroque guitar), and writer on music.	Luis de Milán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Rudolf Christoph Eucken (German: (ˈɔʏkn̩); 5 January 1846 -- 15 September 1926) was a German philosopher.	Rudolf Christoph Eucken	German
languages spoken or written	Adolf Chybiński (1880--1952) was a Polish historian and musicologist.	Adolf Chybiński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Raghubir Yadav (also credited as Raghuvir Yadav; Hindi: रघुवीर यादव) is an Indian film, stage and television actor, music composer, singer and set designer.	Raghubir Yadav	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Spencer Charrington (24 May 1818 -- 11 December 1904) was an English brewer and Conservative politician.	Spencer Charrington	English
languages spoken or written	Arthur Braverman is an American author and translator, primarily translating from Japanese to English.	Arthur Braverman	English
languages spoken or written	Antonio de los Ríos Rosas (16 March 1812, in Ronda, Spain - 3 November 1873, in Madrid, Spain) was a Spanish politician who was elected three times President of the Congress of Deputies.	Antonio de los Ríos Rosas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Joan Amades i Gelats (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈan əˈmaðəz i ʒəˈɫats)) (Barcelona, 23 July 1890 - 17 January 1959), was an eminent Catalan ethnologist and folklorist.	Joan Amades	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Franco Fontana is an Italian photographer born in Modena, on December, 9th, 1933.	Franco Fontana	Italian
languages spoken or written	Józef Hen, originally Józef Henryk Cukier (born November 8, 1923 in Warsaw), is a Polish novelist, essayist, playwright, screenwriter, and reporter of Jewish origin.	Józef Hen	Polish
languages spoken or written	Keith Tyson (born Keith Thomas Bower, 23 August 1969) is an English artist.	Keith Tyson	English
languages spoken or written	Roberto García Orozco (Spanish pronunciation: (roˈβerto ɣarˈsi.a oˈɾosko); born 24 October 1974) is a Mexican football referee.	Roberto García Orozco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Albert Tissandier (1839 -- 5 September 1906) was a French architect, aviator, illustrator, editor and archaeologist.	Albert Tissandier	French
languages spoken or written	Henri de Mondeville (c. 1260 -- 1316), a medieval Frenchmen, has been claimed as the ``Father of French Surgery''.	Henri de Mondeville	French
languages spoken or written	Pavao Pavličić (born August 16, 1946 in Vukovar) is a Croatian writer, literary historian and translator whose main focus are crime novels.	Pavao Pavličić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Huber (born 12 August 1942 in Strasbourg, Germany) is a prominent German theologian and ethicist.	Wolfgang Huber	German
languages spoken or written	Habib Tengour (born March 29, 1947) is a French-Algerian poet, sociologist and anthropologist.	Habib Tengour	French
languages spoken or written	Mariano Armellini (1852--1896) was an Italian archaeologist and historian.	Mariano Armellini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Özker Yaşın (1932--2011) was a Turkish Cypriot poet, author and journalist.	Özker Yaşın	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Ezza Agha Malak (born 14 July 1942) is a Lebanese-born French novelist, poet, critic and essayist.	Ezza Agha Malak	French
languages spoken or written	Shlomo Goren (Hebrew: שלמה גורן) (February 3, 1917 -- October 29, 1994), was an Orthodox Religious Zionist rabbi in Israel, a Talmudic scholar and foremost authority on Jewish law.	Shlomo Goren	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Danny Ávila (born 1995) is a Spanish house and electro house DJ and producer.	Danny Ávila	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Saba Azad is an Indian actress, singer and musician working in the Hindi film industry, known for her leading role in the Bollywood production house Y-Films romantic comedy film Mujhse Fraaandship Karoge, set against the background of social networking site Facebook.	Saba Azad	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Alexander Movsesyan (Armenian: Ալեքսանդր Մինասի Մովսիսյան; 18 April 1858 -- 7 August 1935), better known by his pen name Alexander Shirvanzade (Armenian: Ալեքսանդր Շիրվանզադե) was an Armenian playwright and novelist.	Alexander Shirvanzade	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Thomas Kemp Sanderson (1821 -- 24 December 1897) was an English corn merchant from Wakefield in the West Riding of Yorkshire, and a Conservative Party politician.	Thomas Kemp Sanderson	English
languages spoken or written	Eusebi Güell i Bacigalupi, 1st Count of Güell (Catalan pronunciation: (əwˈzɛβi ˈɣweʎ); 15 December 1846 - 8 July 1918) was a Catalan entrepreneur who profited greatly from the industrial revolution in Catalonia in the late 19th century.	Eusebi Güell	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Alessandra Ferri (born 6 May 1963) is an Italian prima ballerina .	Alessandra Ferri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Henry Bernard Levin CBE (19 August 1928 -- 7 August 2004) was an English journalist, author and broadcaster, described by The Times as ``the most famous journalist of his day''.	Bernard Levin	English
languages spoken or written	Edoardo Amaldi (5 September 1908 -- 5 December 1989) was an Italian physicist.	Edoardo Amaldi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Edward Pasewicz (born 9 June 1971) is a Polish writer, poet and composer.	Edward Pasewicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Teresa Toda (Porto Alegre, Brazil, June 24th, 1950) is a Basque journalist.	Teresa Toda	Basque
languages spoken or written	Choe Je-u, who used the pen name Su-un, (18 December 1824 -- 15 April 1864) was the founder of Donghak, a Korean religious movement against foreign invasions and critical of Joseon Dynasty government policies of the time.	Choe Je-u	Korean
languages spoken or written	Teréz Karacs (18 April 1808 -- 2 October 1892) was a Hungarian writer, educator, memoirist, and women's rights activist.	Teréz Karacs	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Amal Abul-Qassem Donqol (Egyptian Arabic: أمل ابو القاسم دنقل, IPA: (ˈʔæmæl æbolˈʔæːsem ˈdonʔol); 1940--1983) was an Egyptian poet whose poems were influenced by Greek mythology, then pre-Islamic and Islamic imagery to modernize Arabic poetry.	Amal Abul-Qassem Donqol	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Thomas Pitt (5 July 1653 -- 28 April 1726), born at Blandford Forum, Dorset, to the Reverend John Pitt, a Church of England cleric, and rector of Blandford St Mary, and Sarah Jay, was an English merchant involved in trade with India.	Thomas Pitt	English
languages spoken or written	Giacomino Pugliese was one of the most notable poets to come out of the Sicilian school for Italian poetry during the early years of the 13th century.	Giacomino Pugliese	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ayyuqi (Persian: عیوقی‎) was a 10th-century Persian poet.	Ayyuqi	Persian
languages spoken or written	Robert Bent (c. 1745 -- 1832), of 46 Portugal Street, Lincoln's Inn Fields, Middlesex and West Molesey, Surrey, was an English politician.	Robert Bent	English
languages spoken or written	Elias Tcherikower, Eliahu Tcherikower, Elias Tscherikower, I. M. Cherikover (1881-1943), was a Russian-born Jewish historian of Judaism or the Jewish people.	Elias Tcherikower	Russian
languages spoken or written	Abul ʿAla Al-Maʿarri (Arabic أبو العلاء المعري Abū al-ʿAlāʾ al-Maʿarrī, full name أبو العلاء أحمد بن عبد الله بن سليمان التنوخي المعري Abū al-ʿAlāʾ Aḥmad ibn ʿAbd Allāh ibn Sulaimān al-Tanūẖī al-Maʿarrī; 973--1057) was a blind Arab philosopher, poet, and writer.	Al-Maʿarri	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Remo Gaspari (10 July 1921 -- 19 July 2011) was an Italian politician, who was several times minister of the Italian Republic.	Remo Gaspari	Italian
languages spoken or written	Mića Popović was elected a regular member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts in 1986.	Mića Popović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Father Claude Sicard (1677--1726) was a French Jesuit priest, and an early modern visitor to Egypt, between 1708 and 1712, producing the earliest known map of the country.	Claude Sicard	French
languages spoken or written	Tomás Caballero Pastor (Alfaro, La Rioja, February 25, 1935 -- Pamplona, May 6, 1998) was a Spanish union leader and politician from Navarra.	Tomás Caballero Pastor	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Philippus of Thessalonica (Greek:Φίλιππος ὁ Θεσσαλονικεύς)(1st century) or Philippus Epigrammaticus was the compiler of an Anthology of Epigrammatists subsequent to Meleager of Gadara and is himself the author of 72 epigrams in the Greek Anthology.	Philippus of Thessalonica	Greek
languages spoken or written	Benedict Stattler (30 January 1728 -- 21 August 1797) was a German Jesuit theologian, an opponent of Immanuel Kant.	Benedict Stattler	German
languages spoken or written	Hugo Ruf (1925--1999) was an influential German harpsichordist, music pedagogue and a pioneer of early music revival in Germany.	Hugo Ruf	German
languages spoken or written	Epiphanius Scholasticus was a sixth-century translator of Greek works into Latin.	Epiphanius Scholasticus	Latin
languages spoken or written	Krishna Winston is an American academic and translator of German literature.	Krishna Winston	German
languages spoken or written	Since 1949, Fanny de Sivers has lived in France, where she has worked as an interpreter and secretary at state institutions, from 1964 to 1986 she worked as linguist at the French National Centre for Scientific Research.	Fanny de Sivers	French
languages spoken or written	John Tengo Jabavu (11 January 1859 -- 10 September 1921) was a political activist and the editor of South Africa's first newspaper to be written in Xhosa.	John Tengo Jabavu	Xhosa
languages spoken or written	Juan Pablo de Miguel Bravo (born 28 September 1978), commonly known as Juanpa, is a Spanish retired footballer who plays as a right back.	Juanpa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Radamel Falcao García Zárate (Spanish pronunciation: (raðaˈmel falˈkao); 10 February 1986), also known as Radamel Falcao, or simply Falcao, is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Chelsea, on loan from French club Monaco, and captain of the Colombia national team.	Radamel Falcao	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Tao Yuanming (365--427), also known as Tao Qian or T'ao Ch'ien, was a Chinese poet who lived in the middle of the Six Dynasties period (c. 220 - 589 CE).	Tao Yuanming	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Christo Pimpirev (Bulgarian: Христо Пимпирев) is a Bulgarian scientist (geologist) and Polar explorer.	Christo Pimpirev	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Raimond Valgre (born Raimond Tiisel; 7 October 1913 -- 31 December 1949) was an Estonian composer and musician, whose songs have become some of the most well known in Estonia.	Raimond Valgre	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Armando Cossutta (2 September 1926 -- 14 December 2015) was an Italian communist politician.	Armando Cossutta	Italian
languages spoken or written	V. Anamika is a Contemporary Artist born in Neelankarai, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, a student of Shri.	V. Anamika	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Pedro de Villegas Marmolejo (1519--1596) was a Spanish sculptor and painter of the Renaissance period.	Pedro de Villegas Marmolejo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Carlo Lizzani (3 April 1922 -- 5 October 2013) was an Italian film director, screenwriter and critic.	Carlo Lizzani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Magdalena Jetelová (born 1946) is a Czech/German Installation artist and Land artist.	Magdalena Jetelová	Czech
languages spoken or written	Daniel Monzón (born 1968) is a Spanish film writer and director.	Daniel Monzón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Abu Bakr Ahmad ibn Husayn Ibn 'Ali Ibn Moussa al-Khosrojerdi al-Bayhaqi (Arabic) , البيهقي also known as Imam Al-Bayhaqi was born 994 CE/384AH in the small town of Khusraugird near Sabzevar, then known as Bayhaq, in Khurasan.	Al-Bayhaqi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Emmanuel Todd (born 16 May 1951) is a French historian, anthropologist, demographer, sociologist and political scientist at the National Institute of Demographic Studies (INED) in Paris.	Emmanuel Todd	French
languages spoken or written	Tenali Rama, a 1990 Hindi TV series aired in Doordarshan made by T.S. Nagabharana in which Vijay Kashyap played the lead role.	Tenali Rama	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Jules Lequier (or Lequyer; 30 January 1814 -- 11 February 1862) was a French philosopher from Brittany.	Jules Lequier	French
languages spoken or written	Fabio Albergati (1538--1606) was an Italian diplomat and writer, known for political theory and as a moralist.	Fabio Albergati	Italian
languages spoken or written	Félix Anaut (born Zaragoza, 1944) is a Spanish painter whose work is based in Abstract Expressionism and figurative monumentalism.	Félix Anaut	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Léon Bouveret (27 September 1850 -- 1929) was a French internist born in Saint-Julien-sur-Reyssouze, a community in the department of Ain.	Léon Bouveret	French
languages spoken or written	Sayed Darwish (Arabic: سيد درويش‎, IPA: (ˈsæjjed dæɾˈwiːʃ); 17 March 1892 -- 15 September 1923) was an Egyptian singer and composer who was considered the father of Egyptian popular music and one of Egypt's greatest musicians and its single greatest composer.	Sayed Darwish	Arabic
languages spoken or written	William Haughton (died 1605) was an English playwright in the age of English Renaissance theatre.	William Haughton	English
languages spoken or written	Juan Antonio San Epifanio Ruiz (``Epi'') (born 12 June 1959) is a retired Spanish professional basketball player, who is considered to be one of the greatest small forwards ever to play in Europe.	Juan Antonio San Epifanio	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Massimo Bray (born 11 April 1959) is an Italian intellectual and politician, who served as the minister of culture from 28 April 2013 to 22 February 2014.	Massimo Bray	Italian
languages spoken or written	Fathallah Oualalou (Arabic: فتح الله والعلو‎) (born 1942 in Rabat) is a Moroccan politician.	Fathallah Oualalou	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Jerónimo de la Gándara (1825--1877) was a Spanish architect who designed a number of public buildings during the reign of Isabella II of Spain.	Jerónimo de la Gándara	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mykola Khvylovy (Ukrainian: Микола Хвильовий, Ukrainian pronunciation: (mɪ'kɔɫɐ xvɪlʲo'vɪj)) (December 13 (O.S. December 1) 1893 -- May 13, 1933) was a Ukrainian writer and poet of the early Communist era Ukrainian Renaissance (1920--1930).	Mykola Khvylovy	Ukrainian
languages spoken or written	Mario De Caro (born 1963) is an Italian philosopher who teaches Moral Philosophy at the University of Rome III in Rome, Italy.	Mario De Caro	Italian
languages spoken or written	Thomas Tusser (1524 -- 3 May 1580) was an English poet and farmer, best known for his instructional poem Five Hundred Points of Good Husbandry, an expanded version of his original title, A Hundreth Good Pointes of Husbandrie, first published in 1557.	Thomas Tusser	English
languages spoken or written	Radoslav Katičić (pronounced (rǎdɔslaʋ kâtitʃitɕ)) (born in Zagreb, July 3, 1930) is a Croatian linguist, classical philologist, Indo-Europeanist, Slavist and Indologist, one of the most prominent Croatian scholars in the field of humanities.	Radoslav Katičić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Marcel Niedergang (1922-2001) was a French journalist and non-fiction author.	Marcel Niedergang	French
languages spoken or written	Jacqueline Joubert (29 March 1921 -- 8 January 2005), born Jacqueline Annette Édith Pierre, was a French television continuity announcer, producer and director.	Jacqueline Joubert	French
languages spoken or written	Abdelhamid Ben Badis (Arabic: عبد الحميد بن باديس‎, Ben Badis; December 4, 1889 -- April 16, 1940) was an emblematic figure of the Islamic Reform movement in Algeria.	Abdelhamid Ben Badis	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Father Ghevont Alishan (Armenian: Ղևոնդ Ալիշան) (1820-1901; also spelled Ghevond Alishan) was an ordained Armenian Catholic priest, historian and a poet.	Ghevont Alishan	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Charles Prévost was a French chemist.	Charles Prévost	French
languages spoken or written	Richard Rogler (born 19 September 1949 in Selb) is an award-winning German Kabarett artist and professor of Kabarett at the University of the Arts in Berlin.	Richard Rogler	German
languages spoken or written	Zi Zhongyun (simplified Chinese: 资中筠; traditional Chinese: 資中筠; pinyin: Zī Zhōngyún; born June 1930) is a Chinese translator and historian who is an expert on US studies with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.	Zi Zhongyun	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Jean Nicolas Arthur Rimbaud (/ræmˈboʊ/ or /ˈræmboʊ/; French pronunciation: (aʁtyʁ ʁɛ̃bo) ; 20 October 1854 -- 10 November 1891) was a French poet born in Charleville, Ardennes.	Arthur Rimbaud	French
languages spoken or written	António de Abreu (c. 1480 -- c. 1514) was a 16th-century Portuguese navigator and naval officer.	António de Abreu	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Thaman Kumar is an Indian film actor who has appeared in Tamil language films.	Thaman Kumar	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Sir John Comyns SL (c. 1667 -- 1 November 1740), of Writtle in Essex, was an English judge and Member of Parliament.	John Comyns	English
languages spoken or written	Christopher Ravenscroft (born 1946) is an English actor, best known for his recurring role as DI Mike Burden in The Ruth Rendell Mysteries, the ITV adaptation of Ruth Rendell's Inspector Wexford mysteries.	Christopher Ravenscroft	English
languages spoken or written	John de Monins Johnson (1882--1956) was an English papyrologist, printer of the Oxford English Dictionary, and collector.	John de Monins Johnson	English
languages spoken or written	Hermann Cohen (4 July 1842 -- 4 April 1918) was a German Jewish philosopher, one of the founders of the Marburg School of Neo-Kantianism, and he is often held to be ``probably the most important Jewish philosopher of the nineteenth century''.	Hermann Cohen	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Yves Mollier (born 5 November 1947) is a French contemporary history teacher.	Jean-Yves Mollier	French
languages spoken or written	Francesco Provenzale (15 September 1624 -- 6 September 1704) was an Italian Baroque composer and teacher.	Francesco Provenzale	Italian
languages spoken or written	Esteban Maroto (born 1942) is a Spanish comic book artist.	Esteban Maroto	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Eddy Marnay, the professional name of Edmond Bacri, (Algiers, 18 December 1920 -- 3 January 2003), was a French songwriter.	Eddy Marnay	French
languages spoken or written	Baron Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈkɑːɭ ˈɡɵˈstav ˈeːmɪl ˈmanːɛrˈheɪm); in Russian: Густав Карлович Ма́ннергейм, tr. Gustav Karlovich (lit.``Karl's son'') Mannerheim; 4 June 1867 -- 27 January 1951) was a Finnish military leader and statesman.	Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Tirso de Molina (24 March 1579 -- 12 March 1648) was a Spanish Baroque dramatist, a poet and a Roman Catholic monk.	Tirso de Molina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jaume Santamaria i Puig (26 July 1957 -- 16 February 2011), known as Santi Santamaria (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsanti ˌsantəməˈɾi.ə)), was a prominent avant-garde Spanish Catalan chef.	Santi Santamaria	Catalan	Spanish Catalan
languages spoken or written	Bibi Gaytán (Spanish pronunciation: (biˈβi ɣaiˈtan), born Silvia Gaytán Barragán on January 27, 1972 in Tapachula, Chiapas, Mexico) is Mexican singer and actress.	Bibi Gaytán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir Alfred Arnold MP (18 November 1835 -- 31 October 1908) was a Cambridge educated barrister and an English politician.	Alfred Arnold	English
languages spoken or written	Aemilius Asper, Latin grammarian, possibly lived in the 1st century AD or late 2nd century AD.	Aemilius Asper	Latin
languages spoken or written	Joachim Heinrich Campe (June 29, 1746 -- October 22, 1818) was a German writer, linguist, educator and publisher.	Joachim Heinrich Campe	German
languages spoken or written	António dos Reis Rodrigues (June 24, 1918 -- February 3, 2009) was a Portuguese Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.	António dos Reis Rodrigues	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Louis Le Chatelier (20 February 1815 -- 10 November 1873) was a French chemist and industrialist who developed a method for producing aluminium from bauxite in 1855.	Louis Le Chatelier	French
languages spoken or written	Niklas Rådström (born 12 April 1953) is a Swedish poet, novelist and playwright.	Niklas Rådström	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Friedemann Witecka, (August 31, 1951 Freiburg im Breisgau) is a German guitarist, multi-instrumentalist, songwriter and music producer	Friedemann Witecka	German
languages spoken or written	Sir John Dashwood-King, 3rd Baronet (4 August 1716 -- 6 December 1793) was an English country gentleman.	Sir John Dashwood-King, 3rd Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Ángel Agustín María Carlos Fausto Mariano Alfonso del Sagrado Corazón de Jesús Lara y Aguirre del Pino (Spanish pronunciation: (aɣusˈtin ˈlaɾa); October 30, 1897-- November 6, 1970), known as Agustín Lara was a Mexican composer and interpreter of songs and boleros.	Agustín Lara	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Johann Faber works (German and Latin) are homiletical and polemical in character.	Johann Faber	Latin
languages spoken or written	Jean Rousset de Missy (Laon, 26 August 1686--Uithoorn?, 13 August, 1762) was a French Huguenot writer, from early in life in the Netherlands.	Jean Rousset de Missy	French
languages spoken or written	Jaume Aiguader i Miró (or Jaime Aguadé Miró, 24 July 1882 -- 30 May 1943) was a Spanish doctor, writer, social activist, politician and Catalan nationalist.	Jaume Aiguader	Spanish	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Jean-Yves Empereur (French: (ɑ̃pʁœʁ); born 1952) is a French archeologist.	Jean-Yves Empereur	French
languages spoken or written	Pınar Selek (born October 8, 1971) is a Turkish sociologist, feminist, and author.	Pınar Selek	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Lalu Alex is a famous Malayalam film actor.	Lalu Alex	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Jacopo Carucci (May 24, 1494 -- January 2, 1557), usually known as Jacopo da Pontormo, Jacopo Pontormo or simply Pontormo, was an Italian Mannerist painter and portraitist from the Florentine School.	Pontormo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sir Frank Watson Dyson, KBE, FRS (8 January 1868 -- 25 May 1939) was an English astronomer and Astronomer Royal who is remembered today largely for introducing time signals (``pips'') from Greenwich, England, and for the role he played in proving Einstein's theory of general relativity.	Frank Watson Dyson	English
languages spoken or written	László Krasznahorkai (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈlaːsloː ˈkrɒsnɒhorkɒi); born 5 January 1954) is a Hungarian novelist and screenwriter who is known for critically difficult and demanding novels, often labeled as postmodern, with dystopian and melancholic themes.	László Krasznahorkai	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Kali Banerjee (20 November 1921 -- 5 July 1993) was an Indian film actor, who worked in the 1950s-70s in Bengali cinema.	Kali Banerjee	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Joseph Valentin Boussinesq (pronounced: (ʒɔzɛf valɑ̃tɛ̃ businɛsk)) (13 March 1842 -- 19 February 1929) was a French mathematician and physicist who made significant contributions to the theory of hydrodynamics, vibration, light, and heat.	Joseph Valentin Boussinesq	French
languages spoken or written	Abraham von Franckenberg (24 June 1593 -- 25 June 1652) was a German mystic, author, poet and hymn-writer.	Abraham von Franckenberg	German
languages spoken or written	Urtzi Urrutikoetxea (born 12 October 1977 in Bilbao, Biscay, Basque Country) is a Basque writer and journalist.	Urtzi Urrutikoetxea	Basque
languages spoken or written	Torben Tryde (12 November 1916 -- 24 March 1998) was a Danish lieutenant colonel, writer, olympian, resistance fighter and the last person to be appointed kammerjunker by the Danish Court.	Torben Tryde	Danish
languages spoken or written	Zbigniew Bieńkowski (31 August 1913, in Warsaw -- 23 February 1994) was a Polish poet, literary critic, translator and essayist.	Zbigniew Bieńkowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Don Angelo Grillo O.S.B. (1557--1629) was an Italian early baroque poet who published under the pen name Livio Celiano.	Angelo Grillo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Nikoghos Tahmizian (1926--2011, Armenian: Նիկողոս Թահմիզյան; also spelled: Nikogos Tahmizyan) was an Armenian musicologist, theorist and historian.	Nikoghos Tahmizian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Bartolomeu Anania (March 18, 1921 -- January 31, 2011), born Valeriu Anania, was a Romanian Orthodox bishop, translator, writer and poet; he was the Metropolitan of Cluj, Alba, Crişana and Maramureş.	Bartolomeu Anania	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Davide Ferrario (born 26 June 1956) is an Italian film director, screenwriter and author.	Davide Ferrario	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ernest Lluch Martín, (21 January 1937 - 21 November 2000) was a Spanish economist and politician from Catalonia.	Ernest Lluch	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Marie-Anne Charlotte de Corday d'Armont (27 July 1768 -- 17 July 1793), known to history as Charlotte Corday (French: (kɔʁdɛ)), was a figure of the French Revolution.	Charlotte Corday	French
languages spoken or written	Georg Lorenz Bauer (14 August 1755 -- 13 January 1806) was a German Lutheran Theologian, and writer on his subject.	Georg Lorenz Bauer	German
languages spoken or written	Chen Kaige (born August 12, 1952) is a Chinese film director and a leading figure of the fifth generation of Chinese cinema.	Chen Kaige	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Paul Abadie (9 November 1812 -- 3 August 1884) was a French architect and building restorer.	Paul Abadie	French
languages spoken or written	Guillaume Budé (Latin: Guilielmus Budaeus) (26 January 1467 -- 23 August 1540) was a French scholar.	Guillaume Budé	Latin
languages spoken or written	Thomas Watson, 3rd Earl of Rockingham (30 December 1715 -- 26 February 1746) was an English nobleman and politician.	Thomas Watson, 3rd Earl of Rockingham	English
languages spoken or written	Guglielmo Marconi, 1st Marquis of Marconi (Italian: (ɡuʎˈʎɛlmo marˈkoːni); 25 April 1874 -- 20 July 1937) was an Italian inventor and electrical engineer, known for his pioneering work on long-distance radio transmission and for his development of Marconi's law and a radio telegraph system.	Guglielmo Marconi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Coşkun Aral (born May 1, 1956) is a Turkish war correspondent, photo journalist, television journalist and documentary film producer.	Coşkun Aral	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Manuel Curros Enríquez (September 15, 1851 - February 7, 1908) was a Galician writer and journalist in the Galician language, and is considered to be one of the leading figures of Galician culture and identity.	Manuel Curros Enríquez	Galician
languages spoken or written	Max Goldt (pseudonym of Matthias Ernst) (born 23 November 1958) is a German satirical author and musician.	Max Goldt	German
languages spoken or written	Guy Billout (born in Decize in 1941) is a French artist and illustrator.	Guy Billout	French
languages spoken or written	Léon Lecornu (13 January 1854, Caen -- 13 November 1940, Saint-Aubin-sur-Mer, Calvados) was a French engineer and physicist.	Léon Lecornu	French
languages spoken or written	María Nsué Angüe (born 1945 in Ebebeyín (Río Muni), Spanish Guinea) is a noted contemporary Equatorial Guinean writer and former Minister of Education and Culture	María Nsué Angüe	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Otto Bollinger (2 April 1843 -- 13 August 1909) was a German pathologist born in Altenkirchen, Kusel, Rhineland-Palatinate.	Otto Bollinger	German
languages spoken or written	John Mordaunt, Viscount Mordaunt (c. 1681 -- 5 April 1710) was an English soldier and politician.	John Mordaunt, Viscount Mordaunt	English
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Paul Corssen (20 January 1820 -- 18 June 1875) was a German philologist noted for his work on Latin and Etruscan topics.	Wilhelm Paul Corssen	Latin
languages spoken or written	Albert André ( 24 May 1869 -- 11 July 1954) was a French Post-Impressionist figurative painter.	Albert André	French
languages spoken or written	Gotzone Mora (b. Bilbao in 1948) was a Spanish social-democratic politician, former member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).	Gotzone Mora	Spanish
languages spoken or written	William Radcliffe Birt (1804--1881) was an English amateur astronomer in the 19th century.	William Radcliffe Birt	English
languages spoken or written	Jacobo Sanz Ovejero (born 10 July 1983), known simply as Jacobo, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Jacobo Sanz Ovejero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Silvia Ballestra ( Porto San Giorgio, 1969 ) is an Italian writer.	Silvia Ballestra	Italian
languages spoken or written	Nathan Zach (Hebrew: נתן זך) (born 1930) is an Israeli poet.	Nathan Zach	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Eshkol Nevo (Hebrew: אשכול נבו‎, born 1971 in Jerusalem), is an Israeli writer who has published a collection of short stories, three novels and a work of non-fiction.	Eshkol Nevo	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Carl Brinkmann (19 March 1885 -- 20 May 1954) was a German sociologist and economist, focusing on socioeconomics and the history of political economy.	Carl Brinkmann	German
languages spoken or written	George Herbert (3 April 1593 -- 1 March 1633) was a Welsh-born English poet, orator and Anglican priest.	George Herbert	English
languages spoken or written	Father Henryk Jankowski (18 December 1936, Starogard Gdański -- 12 July 2010, Gdańsk) was a Polish Roman Catholic priest.	Henryk Jankowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Renuka Menon is an Indian Malayali film actress, who has appeared in various South Indian films in Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Kannada languages.	Renuka Menon	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Ciarrapico (born 28 January 1934) is an Italian entrepreneur, publisher and former politician.	Giuseppe Ciarrapico	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jakub Wujek (1541 -- 27 April 1597) son of Maciej Wujek; a Polish Jesuit, religious writer, Doctor of Theology, Vice-Chancellor of the Vilnius Academy and translator of the Bible into Polish.	Jakub Wujek	Polish
languages spoken or written	Joaquín Milans del Bosch y Carrió (in Catalan, Joaquim Milans del Bosch i Carrió) (Barcelona, 1854 - Madrid, 1936) was a Spanish military officer of Catalan origin.	Joaquín Milans del Bosch	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Diana Burrell (born 25 October 1948) is an English composer.	Diana Burrell	English
licensed to broadcast to	Licensed to Perry, Florida, USA, the station is currently owned by Dockins Communications, Inc. WPRY also is heard on an FM translator at 95.3.	WPRY	Perry
licensed to broadcast to	CFML-FM is the campus radio station of the British Columbia Institute of Technology in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada.	CFML-FM	Burnaby
licensed to broadcast to	WCKG (1530 AM) is a radio station licensed to Elmhurst, Illinois, USA.	WCKG	Elmhurst
licensed to broadcast to	WKHJ is a radio station with a Hot Adult Contemporary format licensed to Mountain Lake Park, Maryland, near Oakland.	WKHJ	Mountain Lake Park
licensed to broadcast to	KNRS-FM is licensed to Centerville, Utah, broadcasting to Salt Lake City and its suburbs.	KNRS-FM	Centerville
licensed to broadcast to	KCMS is an FM radio station licensed to Edmonds, Washington, serving the Seattle market.	KCMS	Edmonds
licensed to broadcast to	WZIS-FM (The Monkey) was formerly WMHD-FM, the student radio station at Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology in Terre Haute, Indiana.	WZIS-FM	Terre Haute
licensed to broadcast to	Rother FM is an Independent Local Radio station for Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England.	Rother FM	Rotherham
licensed to broadcast to	WKZN is an AM broadcasting radio station licensed to the city of West Hazleton, Pennsylvania with service area extending out to the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton radio market.	WKZN	West Hazleton
licensed to broadcast to	KOCP (95.9 FM, Old School 95.9) is a commercial radio station located in Camarillo, California, broadcasting to the Oxnard-Ventura, California, area.	KOCP	Camarillo
licensed to broadcast to	WKSE (98.5 FM) is a Contemporary Hit Radio/Top 40 Mainstream station serving the Buffalo and Niagara Falls region of Western New York.	WKSE	Niagara Falls
licensed to broadcast to	CJTT-FM 104.5 is an FM radio station in Temiskaming Shores, Ontario, with a hot adult contemporary format.	CJTT-FM	Temiskaming Shores
licensed to broadcast to	CFBK-FM is a Canadian radio station that airs at 105.5 FM in Huntsville, Ontario with an active rock format branded as Moose FM 105.5.	CFBK-FM	Huntsville
licensed to broadcast to	WPLO (``La Bonita 610 AM'') is an Atlanta area AM broadcasting station, licensed to Grayson, Georgia, that broadcasts Spanish language music programming.	WPLO	Grayson
licensed to broadcast to	WBVP and WMBA are news/talk radio stations based in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania, United States.	WBVP	Beaver Falls
licensed to broadcast to	WHCN (``The River 105.9'') is an adult hits music formatted radio station based in Hartford, Connecticut.	WHCN	Hartford
licensed to broadcast to	KNUV (1190 AM) is a Spanish-language station broadcasting from studios located in midtown Phoenix; the station is licensed to Tolleson, Arizona, where it maintains its transmitter facilities.	KNUV	Tolleson
licensed to broadcast to	WOLX-FM (94.9 FM) is an American radio station licensed to Baraboo, Wisconsin, that serves the Madison, Wisconsin, area.	WOLX-FM	Baraboo
licensed to broadcast to	CKLN-FM was a community radio station based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	CKLN-FM	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bakenesserkerk is a former church and seat of the local archeological workgroup in Haarlem, Netherlands, on the Vrouwestraat 10.	Bakenesserkerk	Haarlem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamniki (jamˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Jamniki	Gmina Urszulin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makosieje (makɔˈɕejɛ) (German: Makoscheyen, 1938--1945 Ehrenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Makosieje	Gmina Kalinowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Concordia Lutheran Theological Seminary, founded in 1976, is a seminary of Lutheran Church - Canada (LCC) affiliated with Brock University and located on that institution's campus on the Niagara Escarpment at the centre of Canada's Niagara Peninsula in St. Catharines, Ontario.	Concordia Lutheran Theological Seminary	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Huayllay National Sanctuary is a park in Peru located in the Meseta of Bombón in the Huayllay District of Pasco Region.	Huayllay National Sanctuary	Pasco Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flourmill Volcanoes, also known as The Flourmills, are a small volcano range near the west boundary of Wells Gray Provincial Park in east-central British Columbia, Canada.	Flourmill Volcanoes	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Wiec (ˈnɔvɨ ˈvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowy Wiec	Gmina Skarszewy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wansbeck was a local government district in south-east Northumberland, England.	Wansbeck	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Åndalsnes Station (Norwegian: Åndalsnes stasjon) is a railway station in the town of Åndalsnes, the administrative centre of Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Åndalsnes Station	Rauma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loutehel (Breton: Loutehel) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Loutehel	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gharjanga (Persian: غرجنگا‎, also Romanized as Gharjangā) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gharjanga	Montazeriyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fritz Cove is a bay on the northwestern coast of Douglas Island in the City and Borough of Juneau, Alaska, United States.	Fritz Cove	Juneau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Modzele-Wypychy (mɔˈd͡zɛlɛ vɨˈpɨxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Modzele-Wypychy	Gmina Łomża
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bigwin Island is the largest island on Lake of Bays, in the Muskoka District of Ontario, Canada.	Bigwin Island	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warsop is a civil parish in the District of Mansfield in Nottinghamshire, England, located on the outskirts of Sherwood Forest.	Warsop	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Bend Municipal Airport (IATA: GBD, ICAO: KGBD, FAA LID: GBD) is five miles west of Great Bend, in Barton County, Kansas.	Great Bend Municipal Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rocheport Interstate 70 Bridge is a four-lane continuous truss bridge over the Missouri River on Interstate 70 between Cooper County, Missouri and Boone County, Missouri at Rocheport, Missouri.	Rocheport Interstate 70 Bridge	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dreikönigsgymnasium (``Tricoronatum'', meaning ``Three Kings School'') is a regular public Gymnasium located in Cologne, Germany.	Dreikönigsgymnasium	Cologne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harrison West is a historic, urban neighborhood located northwest of downtown Columbus, Ohio.	Harrison West	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Anne is a four-star fort built to protect the harbour of Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia.	Fort Anne	Annapolis Royal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kor-e Sofla (Persian: كرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Kor-e Soflá; also known as Kowr-e Pā'īn and Kūr) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kor-e Sofla	Peyghan Chayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Desert Sky Wind Farm is a 160.5 megawatt wind power station located near the far West Texas town of Iraan, in Pecos County.	Desert Sky Wind Farm	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	111 West 57th Street is a supertall residential project by developer JDS Development Group and Property Markets Group in midtown Manhattan in New York City.	111 West 57th Street	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trophy Point is a scenic overlook of the Hudson River Valley located at West Point, New York.	Trophy Point	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roy Williams Airport (FAA LID: L80) is a privately owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Joshua Tree, in San Bernardino County, California, United States.	Roy Williams Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claygate is a suburban village in the English county of Surrey, and within the Greater London Urban Area, between 13.1 and 14.2 miles south-west of Charing Cross, central London.	Claygate	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Tredegar (Welsh: Tredegar Newydd) is a former mining community in the Rhymney Valley, Caerphilly county borough, Wales, within the historic boundaries of Monmouthshire.	New Tredegar	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petit Lac Nominingue is a small lake in Southwest Quebec, located in the Laurentian Mountains about 55 km, by road, northwest of Mont Tremblant.	Petit Lac Nominingue	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sackets Harbor Battlefield State Historic Site is a historically important location in Jefferson County, New York, USA.	Sackets Harbor Battlefield State Historic Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khan Tuman (Arabic: خان طومان‎) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Mount Simeon District of Aleppo Governorate, located southwest of Aleppo.	Khan Tuman	Aleppo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolob Arch is a natural arch in Zion National Park, Utah.	Kolob Arch	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanimangalam is a suburb of Thrissur in the Thrissur district of the state of Kerala in south India.	Kanimangalam	Thrissur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hurn Museum is a museum in Savannah, Georgia, United States, devoted to American folk art, as well as the work of international self-taught artists.	Hurn Museum	Savannah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Makan (Persian: آلي مكان‎‎, also Romanized as Ālī Makān) is a village in Bowalhasan Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Ali Makan	Bowalhasan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McGill Street Terminal is a former interurban railway station located in Montreal, Quebec.	McGill Street Terminal	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hebei District (simplified Chinese: 河北区; traditional Chinese: 河北區; pinyin: Héběi Qū) is a district of the municipality of Tianjin, People's Republic of China.	Hebei District	Tianjin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sogdiana Stadium (Uzbek: ``So'g'diyona'' sport majmuasi) is a Sogdiana Sporting Complex, stadium in Jizzakh, Uzbekistan.	Sogdiana Stadium	Jizzakh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hefei (/ˈhəˈfeɪ/), formerly known as Hofei, Luzhou, or Luchow, is the capital and largest city of Anhui Province in Eastern China.	Hefei	Anhui
located in the administrative territorial entity	Genesee Community College (GCC) is a public community college with its MAIN CAMPUS in Town of Batavia, New York, USA (near the City of Batavia).	Genesee Community College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yar Mohammad-e Kharut (Persian: يارمحمدخروط‎, also Romanized as Yār Moḩammad-e Kharūţ; also known as Yār Moḩammad-e Kūhī) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Yar Mohammad-e Kharut	Dust Mohammad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West End Hose Company Number 3, is located in Somerville, Somerset County, New Jersey, United States.	West End Hose Company Number 3	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palazzo dei Priori is a historical building in Perugia, Umbria, central Italy.	Palazzo dei Priori	Perugia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qonqor (Persian: قنقر‎) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qonqor	Qaleh Hamam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamlin Garland House is a site associated with the life of author Hamlin Garland in West Salem, Wisconsin, United States.	Hamlin Garland House	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khoshk Dahaneh (Persian: خشك دهنه‎; also known as Khoshgeh Dahaneh, Khoshkeh Dahaneh, and Khūshkdāneh) is a village in Virmuni Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khoshk Dahaneh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Don Jail is a former jail in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located to the east of the Don River, on Gerrard Street East in the Riverdale neighbourhood.	Don Jail	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Grafton County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building at 1 Court Street in Plymouth, New Hampshire.	Old Grafton County Courthouse	Plymouth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oostum is a wierde on the territory of Garnwerd in the municipality of Winsum in the Dutch province of Groningen.	Oostum	Winsum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fanning Springs State Park is a Florida State Park, located on US 19/98 in the town of Fanning Springs.	Fanning Springs State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amguri (IPA: æmˈgʊərɪ) is a town and municipal area committee in the Sivasagar district in the state of Assam, India.	Amguri	Sivasagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gudar (Persian: گودر‎, also Romanized as Gūdar, Gowdar, and Gūder) is a village in Rayen Rural District, Rayen District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gudar	Rayen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hope Cove is a small seaside village within the civil parish of South Huish in South Hams District, Devon, England.	Hope Cove	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skořenice (German: Skorenitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Skořenice	Ústí nad Orlicí District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Kharvar (Persian: چهارخروار‎, also Romanized as Chahār Kharvār; also known as Qeshlāq) is a village in Baba Aman Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chahar Kharvar	Baba Aman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mamquam Mountain is a mountain in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located 6 km (3.7 mi) southeast of Eanastick Meadows and 22 km (14 mi) east of Brackendale.	Mamquam Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bierzwnica (bjɛʐvˈnit͡sa) (formerly German Reinfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bierzwnica	Gmina Świdwin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coombabah State School is a P-6 state primary school located in Coombabah, Queensland, Australia.	Coombabah State School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapoutier, or Maison M. Chapoutier, is a winery and négociant business situated in Tain-l'Hermitage in the Rhône region in France.	Chapoutier	Tain-l'Hermitage
located in the administrative territorial entity	Separowo (sɛpaˈrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Granowo, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Separowo	Gmina Granowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pottersville District encompasses the earliest non-Native settlement in Harrisville, New Hampshire, as well as sites of some of the town's earliest industrial activities.	Pottersville District	Harrisville
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duncan Gallery of Art is located at 421 North Woodland Boulevard, DeLand, Florida, in Sampson Hall on the Stetson University campus.	Duncan Gallery of Art	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stabuniki (stabuˈniki) (German Stobnitt) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stabuniki	Gmina Morąg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nawcz (naft͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nawcz	Gmina Łęczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Saltpetre Cave is a notable limestone cave located in Rockcastle County in southeastern Kentucky.	Great Saltpetre Cave	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahkin-e Pain (Persian: بهكين پائين‎, also Romanized as Bahkīn-e Pā’īn; also known as Behkīn-e Soflá) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bahkin-e Pain	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziarnówko (d͡ʑarˈnufkɔ) (German: Klein Sehren) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dziarnówko	Gmina Iława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drumshanbo (Irish: Droim Sean Bhoth: Ridge of the Old Huts) is a small town situated in the heart of County Leitrim, Ireland.	Drumshanbo	County Leitrim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bavalak (Persian: باولگ‎, also Romanized as Bāvalak; also known as Bāāvalag) is a village in Gachi Rural District, Gachi District, Malekshahi County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Bavalak	Gachi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Battleford/Hamlin Airport, (TC LID: CJD4), was located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) northeast of Hamlin, Saskatchewan, Canada.	North Battleford/Hamlin Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabeguache Peak is one of the fourteeners of the US state of Colorado.	Tabeguache Peak	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dyer Airport (FAA LID: 2Q9) is a public use airport located six nautical miles (11 km) southeast of Dyer, in Esmeralda County, Nevada, United States.	Dyer Airport	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garbina (ɡarˈbina) (German: Willenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Garbina	Gmina Braniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haneh Gelan (Persian: هانه گلان‎, also Romanized as Hāneh Gelān) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Haneh Gelan	Sarab Qamish Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The R. Buckminster Fuller and Anne Hewlett Dome Home, located at 407 S. Forest Ave. in Carbondale, Illinois, is a geodesic dome house which was the residence of Buckminster Fuller from 1960 to 1971.	R. Buckminster Fuller and Anne Hewlett Dome Home	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Glacier is a large glacier located to the north of Mount Olympus in the Olympic Mountains of Washington.	Blue Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staniewo (staˈɲevɔ) (German: Ottoswalde) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Staniewo	Gmina Reszel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goonoo Important Bird Area is a 1034 km2 tract of wooded land in New South Wales, Australia.	Goonoo Important Bird Area	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edmonton City Centre is a shopping mall in downtown Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, across the street (west) from Churchill Square.	Edmonton City Centre	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jugdia is a village under the Magrahat Police station of South 24 Parganas of West Bengal.	Jugdia	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golugachi (Persian: گلوگچي‎, also Romanized as Golūgachī) is a village in Juyom Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Golugachi	Juyom Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eddy Arboretum is located at the Institute of Forest Genetics in the Sierra Nevada near Placerville, in El Dorado County, eastern California.	Eddy Arboretum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaleshkabad (Persian: كلشك اباد‎, also Romanized as Kaleshkābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kaleshkabad	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abrizi Parikdan (Persian: ابريزي پريكدان‎, also Romanized as Ābrīzī Parīkdān; also known as Ābrīzī) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Abrizi Parikdan	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WVTF is a National Public Radio affiliate serving most of southwestern Virginia.	WVTF	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Titkanlu Rural District (Persian: دهستان تيتكانلو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Khabushan District, Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Titkanlu Rural District	Khabushan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Latrobe Gate (also known as Main Gate, Washington Navy Yard) is a historic gatehouse located at the Washington Navy Yard in Southeast Washington, D.C. Built in 1806 and substantially altered in 1881, the ceremonial entrance to the U.S. Navy's oldest shore establishment is an example of Greek Revival and Italianate architecture.	Latrobe Gate	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kareh Pa (Persian: كره پا‎, also Romanized as Kareh Pā, Koreh Pā, Korreh Pā, and Kurreh Pa; also known as Khowreh) is a village in Hendijan-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Hendijan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kareh Pa	Hendijan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bunny Man is an urban legend that probably originated from two incidents in Fairfax County, Virginia, in 1970, but has been spread throughout the Washington, D.C. area.	Bunny Man	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grappenhall and Thelwall is a civil parish within the Borough of Warrington and the ceremonial county of Cheshire in England.	Grappenhall and Thelwall	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tasfiyeh Shekar (Persian: تصفيه شكر‎, also Romanized as Tasfīyeh Shekar and Tasfīyeh-Ye-Shekar) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tasfiyeh Shekar	Anaqcheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kesri (Persian: كسري‎, also Romanized as Kesrī) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Kesri	Bazoft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Washington State Forest is a scenic state forest in the southern Taconic Mountains of the southwestern Berkshire region of Massachusetts.	Mount Washington State Forest	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cemetery of Anchors (Portuguese: Cemitério das Âncoras) is a subaquatic archaeological site, situated within the Bay of Angra, in the civil parish of Sé, municipality of Angra do Heroísmo, on the Portuguese island of Terceira, in the Azores.	Cemetery of Anchors	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Michel Basilica-Cathedral (French: Basilique-cathédrale Saint-Michel) is a Roman Catholic minor basilica and cathedral dedicated to the St. Michael located in Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada.	Saint-Michel Basilica-Cathedral	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baliakheri (Hindi: बलिआखेरी) is a village in Saharanpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Baliakheri	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saugatuck River Railroad Bridge, also known as Saugatuck River Bridge, is a railroad bridge carrying trackage of Metro-North railroad's New Haven Line over the Saugatuck River in Westport, Connecticut.	Saugatuck River Railroad Bridge	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porto de Pedras is a municipality located in the northern coast of the Brazilian state of Alagoas.	Porto de Pedras	Alagoas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darchaq (Persian: درچاق‎, also Romanized as Darchāq) is a village in Bajestan Rural District, in the Central District of Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Darchaq	Bajestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charleston Springs Golf Course is a 36-hole public golf course located in the Charleston Springs section of Millstone Township, New Jersey, United States.	Charleston Springs Golf Course	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parkshore is a 556ft (169m) tall skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois.	The Parkshore	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jastrząbki (jasˈtʂɔmpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jastrząbki	Gmina Janowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Vosta (Persian: دهوسطي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Vosţá and Deh Vosţá) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Vosta	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRXT is a Rockdale, Texas based radio station.	KRXT	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erindale Secondary School is a public high school located in the Erin Mills community of Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Erindale Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Juan Expedition (also known as the San Juan Mission or the Hole-in-the-Rock Expedition) was a group of Mormon settlers intent on establishing a colony in what is now southeastern Utah, in the western United States.	San Juan Expedition	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamuteh (Persian: تموته‎, also Romanized as Tamūteh) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tamuteh	Mir Deh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Humboldt Bay Maritime Museum is located in Samoa, California, a small town across Humboldt Bay from Eureka.	Humboldt Bay Maritime Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadaqet (Persian: صداقت‎, also Romanized as Şadāqet) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Sadaqet	Zarneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomme de Terre Lake is located in southwest Missouri at the confluence of Lindley Creek and the Pomme de Terre River (for which it is named).	Pomme de Terre Lake	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	WOKC (True Country) is a commercial radio station in Okeechobee, Florida, broadcasting to the Okeechobee area on 1570 AM and 100.9 FM.	WOKC	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poręba Laskowska (pɔˈrɛmba lasˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skała, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Poręba Laskowska	Gmina Skała
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barjvan (Persian: برجوان‎, also Romanized as Barjvān; also known as Bajvān) is a village in Barvanan-e Gharbi Rural District, Torkamanchay District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Barjvan	Barvanan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pierzchne (ˈpjɛʂxnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Padew Narodowa, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Pierzchne	Gmina Padew Narodowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Astishan (Persian: استيشن‎, also Romanized as Āstīshan) is a village in Kut-e Abdollah Rural District, in the Central District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Astishan	Kut-e Abdollah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smolné Pece (German: Pechöfen) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.	Smolné Pece	Karlovy Vary District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Methodist District Parsonage is a 19th-century Italianate residence in Romney, West Virginia, United States.	Old Methodist District Parsonage	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Padam (Persian: حسن ابادپدم‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Padam; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Nasrovan Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Padam	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazareh-ye Qarnas (Persian: بازاره قارناس‎, also Romanized as Bāzāreh-ye Qārnās; also known as Bāzāreh and Bāzār) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bazareh-ye Qarnas	Atrak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Hummus, also Abu Humus, Abu Hommos, Abu Homos, Abou Homs (Arabic: أبو حمص‎) is a town in Beheira Governorate, Egypt, an administrative center of markaz Abu Hummus.	Abu Hummus	Beheira Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raquette Lake Camps is a group of summer camps located in the center of the Adirondack Mountains in upstate New York, west of Lake George and south of Lake Placid.	Raquette Lake Camps	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erect, North Carolina is an unincorporated community in Randolph County, North Carolina, United States, and part of the Piedmont Triad metropolitan region.	Erect, North Carolina	Randolph County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Collingrove Hillclimb is a motor sport facility located in South Australia's Barossa Valley.	Collingrove Hillclimb	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marquette Street Archaeological District is an archaeological site located in St. Ignace, Michigan near the St. Ignace Mission.	Marquette Street Archaeological District	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Memphis National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the Nutbush neighborhood of the City of Memphis, in Shelby County, Tennessee.	Memphis National Cemetery	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilczyn Leśny (ˈvilt͡ʂɨn ˈlɛɕnɨ) (German: Heidewilxen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wilczyn Leśny	Gmina Oborniki Śląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bovenkarspel is a town in the municipality of Stede Broec in the Dutch province of North Holland.	Bovenkarspel	Stede Broec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Sophia Ukrainian Orthodox Theological Seminary located in South Bound Brook, New Jersey, USA was established in 1975 through the foresight of Metropolitan Mstyslav of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the USA.	St. Sophia Ukrainian Orthodox Theological Seminary	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paddock Wood railway station serves the town of Paddock Wood in Kent.	Paddock Wood railway station	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Created in 1975, Tom Steed Reservoir is a reservoir in Kiowa County, Oklahoma, 6 miles (9.7 km) northwest of the city of Snyder, Oklahoma.	Tom Steed Reservoir	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oô (French pronunciation: ​(ɔ.o), Occitan: Òu) is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyrénées region in southwestern France.	Oô	Haute-Garonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łobódź (ˈwɔbut͡ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Łobódź	Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palisades State Park is a state park of South Dakota, USA, featuring cliffs and rock formations eroded out of pink Sioux Quartzite.	Palisades State Park	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabcorp Park is an Australian horse racing venue situated in Melton, Victoria, Australia; 40 kilometres (25 mi) north-west of the Melbourne CBD.	Tabcorp Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eranhimangad is a village near Chaliyar Grama Panchayath, in Nilambur municipality, Kerala state, India.	Eranhimangad	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Floyd County Schools is the school district created to serve the public education needs of Floyd County, Kentucky.	Floyd County Schools	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirjeh Kola (Persian: شيرجه كلا‎, also Romanized as Shīrjeh Kolā) is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shirjeh Kola	Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smosarz-Pianki (ˈsmɔsaʂ ˈpjaŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Smosarz-Pianki	Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willow Mill Complex is a complex of historic buildings located at Richboro, Northampton Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Willow Mill Complex	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taufers im Münstertal (Italian: Tubre; Romansh: Tuer) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) west of the city of Bolzano, on the border with Switzerland.	Taufers im Münstertal	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owrim Rudbar (Persian: اوريم رودبار‎, also Romanized as Owrīm Rūdbār and Ūrīm Rūdbār) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Owrim Rudbar	Rastupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asgata (Greek: Ασγάτα) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 6 km northeast of Monagroulli.	Asgata	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taubenloch, (French:gorges du Taubenloch) is a gorge located in the Canton of Bern, above Biel/Bienne in Switzerland.	Taubenloch	Canton of Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bank of Colorado Arena at Butler-Hancock Athletic Center is a 2,992-seat multi-purpose arena in Greeley, Colorado, USA.	Bank of Colorado Arena	Greeley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trolleholm Castle (Swedish: Trolleholms slott) is a castle in Svalöv Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Trolleholm Castle	Svalöv Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheyenne Arapaho Hall is a student residence hall at University of Colorado Boulder, in Boulder, Colorado.	Cheyenne Arapaho Hall	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh Sur (Persian: بنه سور‎‎, also Romanized as Boneh Sūr) is a village in Jowzar Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Boneh Sur	Jowzar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jezierzyce Małe (jɛʑɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jezierzyce Małe	Gmina Kondratowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvorjan (Persian: خورجان‎, also Romanized as Khvorjān and Khowrjān; also known as Khāneh Khurgān, Khāneh-ye Khūrqān, and Khowrgūn) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District, Mashhad-e Morghab District, Khorrambid County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khvorjan	Shahidabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stora Mellby Church (Swedish: Stora Mellby kyrka) is a church in Stora Mellby, Alingsås Municipality, Västergötland, Sweden.	Stora Mellby Church	Alingsås Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	110 Livingston Street is a Beaux Arts-style building located in Downtown Brooklyn, New York City, New York, United States.	110 Livingston Street	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esfestanaj (Persian: اسفستانج‎, also Romanized as Esfestānaj, Esfestānej, and Esfestānj; also known as Espestana and Yespestana) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Esfestanaj	Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The El Pomar Estate was the Penrose House and estate of Spencer and Julie Penrose in the Broadmoor, Colorado, Colorado Springs, Colorado It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places listings in El Paso County, Colorado and the Colorado State Register of Historic Properties.	El Pomar Estate	Colorado Springs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Del Valle Regional Park is a park of the East Bay Regional Park District (EBRPD) in unincorporated Alameda County, California, south of the city of Livermore.	Del Valle Regional Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deruiyeh (Persian: دروئيه‎, also Romanized as Derū’īyeh) is a village in Soghan Rural District, Soghan District, Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deruiyeh	Soghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barcelonnette (Occitan: Barcilona de Provença) is a commune of France and a subprefecture in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.	Barcelonnette	Alpes-de-Haute-Provence
located in the administrative territorial entity	White River Amphitheatre is a Live Nation managed concert venue, located 3 miles east of Auburn, Washington and 5 miles west of Enumclaw on the Muckleshoot Indian Reservation.	White River Amphitheatre	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowdenbeath (i/ˌkaʊdənˈbiːθ/; Scots: Coudenbeith) is a town and burgh in west Fife, Scotland.	Cowdenbeath	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filipowo (filiˈpɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wijewo, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Filipowo	Gmina Wijewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ślęcin (ˈɕlɛnt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ślęcin	Gmina Nagłowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lasów (ˈlasuf) (German: Lissa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieńsk, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the German border.	Lasów	Gmina Pieńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Begun in 1882, Camp Wild Air was the first permanent camp on Upper Saint Regis Lake, in the town of Brighton, Franklin County in New York's Adirondacks.	Camp Wild Air	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fayette Historic State Park is the state park of the historic town of Fayette in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Fayette Historic State Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Esplanada (Chinese: 灝景灣) is a private housing estate developed by Sun Hung Kai Properties, China Resources and Cheung Kong on Tsing Yi island in Hong Kong.	Villa Esplanada	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQFX-FM (103.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Russell, Pennsylvania, the station serves the Jamestown, NY and Warren, PA areas.	WQFX-FM	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Tybee Island is located south of Tybee Island, Georgia, USA.	Little Tybee Island	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qazqanchay Rural District (Persian: دهستان قزقانچائ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Arjomand District, Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Qazqanchay Rural District	Arjomand District
located in the administrative territorial entity	30 North LaSalle is a 553ft (169m) tall skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois, United States.	30 North LaSalle	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Houston Fort Bend Airport (FAA LID: 2H5) is a privately owned, public use airport located in unincorporated Fort Bend County, Texas, United States.	Houston Fort Bend Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walton and Willett Stone Store, also known as Cahill's Fish Market, is a historic commercial building located at Oswego in Oswego County, New York.	Walton and Willett Stone Store	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Freiberg Germany Temple (formerly the Freiberg GDR Temple) is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), located in Freiberg, Saxony, Germany.	Freiberg Germany Temple	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copake Grange Hall, also known as Copake Grange #935, is a historic Grange hall located at Copake in Columbia County, New York, U.S.A. It was built in 1902-1903, with additions in 1906 and 1921.	Copake Grange Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Don Bosco Cristo Rey High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school and work study program in Takoma Park, Maryland serving low-income students in the D.C. area.	Don Bosco Cristo Rey High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nushk (Persian: نوشك‎, also Romanized as Nūshk) is a village in Jowzar Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Nushk	Jowzar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heckmondwike is a town and electoral ward in the metropolitan borough of Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England, 9 miles (14 km) south west of Leeds.	Heckmondwike	West Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tovir (Persian: طوير‎, also Romanized as Ţovīr, Tavār, Ţavīr, and Tovīr; also known as Ţowvīr and Tuvīr) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tovir	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1411 Fourth Avenue Building is a historic building in Seattle, Washington, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 28, 1991 (ID #91000633).	1411 Fourth Avenue Building	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tasik (Armenian: Թասիկ, also Romanized as T’asik; formerly, Tazagyukh, T’azagyugh, Gushch’i, T’azak’end, Kushch’i, Kushch’i-T’azak’end, and Ghushch’i) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Tasik	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chandar Mahalleh (Persian: چندرمحله‎, also Romanized as Chandar Maḩalleh) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chandar Mahalleh	Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abercairny is an estate in the Scottish region of Perth and Kinross.	Abercairny	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jiavan (Persian: جياوان‎, also Romanized as Jīāvān and Jeyāvān; also known as Dzhiavan and Jīāravān) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District, Hir District, Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Jiavan	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cerami (Sicilian: Cirami) is a comune in Sicily, southern Italy, part of the Province of Enna.	Cerami	Province of Enna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flagler Museum, also known as Whitehall, is a 55-room mansion open to the public in Palm Beach, Florida in the United States.	Flagler Museum	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosrae (pronunciation: /koʊˈʃaɪ/ koh-shrye), formerly known as Kusaie, is an island in Federated States of Micronesia.	Kosrae	Federated States of Micronesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Itapagipe Peninsula is a peninsula located in the city of Salvador, capital of the Brazilian state of Bahia.	Itapagipe Peninsula	Salvador
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paseo Bridge was a suspension bridge over the Missouri River in Kansas City, Missouri.	Paseo Bridge	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Kheybar (Persian: مزرعه خيبر‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Kheybar; also known as Kheybar) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Kheybar	Dustan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Georgetown-Rowley State Forest is a 1,112-acre (450 ha) Massachusetts state forest located primarily in the towns of Georgetown and Rowley with a small spillage into the town of Boxford.	Georgetown-Rowley State Forest	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. George's Syrian Catholic Church is a former church located at 103 Washington Street between Rector Street and Carlisle Street in the Financial District of Manhattan, New York City.	St. George's Syrian Catholic Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Welshpool (Welsh: Y Trallwng) is a town in Wales, historically in the county of Montgomeryshire, but currently administered as part of the unitary authority of Powys.	Welshpool	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Avenue of the Giants is a scenic highway in Northern California, U.S.A., running through Humboldt Redwoods State Park.	Avenue of the Giants	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Vernon Mill No. 1 is a historic cotton mill complex located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Mount Vernon Mill No. 1	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llandderfel is a village and community in Gwynedd, Wales, formerly served by the Llandderfel railway station.	Llandderfel	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George M. Sullivan Arena (commonly shortened to the ``Sullivan Arena'' and often referred to colloquially as ``The Sully'') is a 6,290 seat arena in Anchorage, Alaska, United States.	Sullivan Arena	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lamerton House is a two-story Tudor Revival house constructed in 1930 located on the 40-acre (16 ha) Lamerton Terrace property Enid, Oklahoma in Garfield County, which has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1997.	Lamerton House	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sinnott Memorial Observation Station is a sheltered viewpoint built into the caldera cliff 900 feet above Crater Lake in southern Oregon, United States.	Sinnott Memorial Observation Station	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redruth (/rəˈdruːθ/ rə-DROOTH, Cornish: Resrudh) is a town and civil parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Redruth	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramnet (Persian: رمنت‎; also known as Ramtet) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ramnet	Feyziyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Providence Hospital Heliport (FAA LID: 0OR0) is a private heliport located east of Medford in Jackson County, Oregon, United States.	Providence Hospital Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badaq Ab (Persian: بداق آب‎, also Romanized as Badāq Āb) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Badaq Ab	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Völklingen station is the main railway station in the city of Völklingen in the German state of Saarland.	Völklingen station	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mitathal is a village in the Bhiwani tehsil of the Bhiwani district in the Indian state of Haryana.	Mitathal	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wołkusz (ˈvɔu̯kuʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Wołkusz	Gmina Lipsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arcoverde (Green Arch) is a municipality in Pernambuco, Brazil.	Arcoverde	Pernambuco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karganeh (Persian: كرگانه‎, also Romanized as Kargāneh; also known as Kargāh) is a village in Dehpir Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Karganeh	Dehpir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bamberg City Hall, located in Bamberg, South Carolina is a municipal city hall.	Bamberg City Hall	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Imperial County Airport (IATA: IPL, ICAO: KIPL, FAA LID: IPL) is a county-owned public-use airport in Imperial County, California, United States.	Imperial County Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esfarjan (Persian: اسفرجان‎, also Romanized as Esfarjān; also known as Esfaranjān, Samīrum, Semīrom, and Usburjān) is a village in Esfarjan Rural District, in the Central District of Shahreza County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Esfarjan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurash (Persian: گورش‎, also Romanized as Gūrash; also known as Kūrash) is a village in Bastam Rural District, in the Central District of Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gurash	Bastam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jurkan (Persian: جوركان‎, also Romanized as Jūrkān) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jurkan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bądecz (ˈbɔndɛt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysoka, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bądecz	Gmina Wysoka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dametir-e Shomali (Persian: دمتير شمالي‎, also Romanized as Dametīr-e Shomālī; also known as Dehnow Damītar-e Shomālī) is a village in Mehregan Rural District, in the Central District of Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dametir-e Shomali	Mehregan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KROX-FM, aka 101X, is an alternative rock terrestrial radio station in Austin, Texas, United States.	KROX-FM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iwniki (ivˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Iwniki	Gmina Szudziałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dave's Falls is a waterfall in Marinette County, Wisconsin, 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Amberg, in the town of Amberg.	Dave's Falls	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaliyur is a village in Sathyamangalam taluk in Erode district, Tamil Nadu.	Kaliyur	Erode district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matawatchan Aerodrome (TC LID: CMW3) is an aerodrome located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) northeast of Matawatchan, Ontario, Canada.	Matawatchan Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas J. Kehrer House is a house located near Jerome, Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.	Thomas J. Kehrer House	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Integrated Support Command Alameda (ISC Alameda) is a large operating base of the United States Coast Guard, located on Coast Guard Island in Alameda, California ISC Alameda provides a wide variety of services in direct support of Coast Guard activities throughout the west coast of the United States of America.	Integrated Support Command Alameda	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simkuiyeh (Persian: سيمكوئيه‎, also Romanized as Sīmkū’īyeh; also known as Semkūeeyeh) is a village in Asfyj Rural District, Asfyj District, Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Simkuiyeh	Asfyj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Neck of Land Cemetery is a small historic cemetery on Summer Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.	Neck of Land Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mercury Boulevard in the cities of Hampton and Newport News in the Peninsula region of southeastern Virginia carries U.S. Highway 258 approximately 10 miles (16 km) south from Fort Monroe at Old Point Comfort on Hampton Roads to the north end of the James River Bridge.	Mercury Boulevard	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYCA (102.3 FM) is licensed to Crete, Illinois, south of Chicago, with studios in Hammond, Indiana, and transmitter in Beecher, Illinois, south of Crete.	WYCA	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oad Street is a small hamlet in the English county of Kent.	Oad Street	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allen Army Airfield (IATA: BIG, ICAO: PABI, FAA LID: BIG) is a public and military use airport serving Fort Greely and located three miles (5 km) south of the central business district of Delta Junction, a city in the Southeast Fairbanks Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Allen Army Airfield	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamzehi (Persian: حمزه اي‎, also Romanized as Ḩamzeh’ī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hamzehi	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Bachut is a quarter in the 8th arrondissement of Lyon.	Le Bachut	8th arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valchava is a village in the Val Müstair (Müstair valley) of the canton of Graubünden (Grisons), Switzerland.	Valchava	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cölbe station is a junction station on the Main-Weser Railway in the town of Cölbe in the German state of Hesse.	Cölbe station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buszęcin (buˈʂɛnt͡ɕin) (German Büssenthin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Buszęcin	Gmina Kamień Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Arbat Avenue (Russian: Но́вый Арба́т) is a major street in Moscow running west from Arbat Square on the Boulevard Ring to Novoarbatsky Bridge on the opposite bank of the Moskva River.	New Arbat Avenue	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockaways' Playland was an amusement park located on Beach 98th Street in Rockaway Beach in the Borough of Queens, New York City, at Beach 98 Street between Rockaway Beach Boulevard and the beachfront.	Rockaways' Playland	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mallampet is a village situated at Quthbullapur Mandal, Rangareddy district, Telangana, India.	Mallampet	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramsnest Common is a hamlet in the far south of the Borough of Waverley, the largest district of Surrey, England centred on the A283 1.5 miles (2.4 km) SSW of Chiddingfold village centre between Milford and Petworth in West Sussex which it borders.	Ramsnest Common	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birchwood Airport (ICAO: PABV, FAA LID: BCV) is a state owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northwest of the central business district of Birchwood (also known as Chugiak), in the Anchorage Municipality of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Birchwood Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centennial Baptist Church is a historic church building at the corner of York and Columbia Streets in Helena, Arkansas.	Centennial Baptist Church	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daleli is a Keroun village development committee Ward no 9 in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern BayarbanKeroun VDC nepal in Nepal.	Daleli	Morang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glenn Highway (part of Alaska Route 1) is a highway in the U.S. state of Alaska, extending 179 miles (288 km) from Anchorage near Merrill Field to Glennallen on the Richardson Highway.	Glenn Highway	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karizak-e Kenar Kal (Persian: كاريزك كناركال‎, also Romanized as Kārīzak-e Kenār Kāl; also known as Kārīzak, Kārīzak-e Kāl, and Kārīzak Kāl) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Karizak-e Kenar Kal	Darbqazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alcove Springs was a stop along the Oregon Trail near Independence Crossing in Marshall County, Kansas.	Alcove Springs	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treglio is a municipality and town in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy	Treglio	Province of Chieti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conselheiro Lafaiete is a city of the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Conselheiro Lafaiete	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nagawczyna (naɡafˈt͡ʂɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Nagawczyna	Gmina Dębica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahsham Khosrow Khan (Persian: احشام خسروخان‎, also Romanized as Aḩshām Khosrow Khān) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ahsham Khosrow Khan	Dar Agah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campaigh or Campay is a steep and rocky islet in outer Loch Ròg, Lewis, Scotland that lies north of Cealasaigh and Little Bernera.	Campaigh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ring of Life (simplified chinese: 生命之环; pinyin: shēngmìng zhī huán) is a 515-foot (approximately 157 meters) landmark built in the city of Fushun, China.	Ring of Life	Fushun
located in the administrative territorial entity	The city of Kinzau-Mvuete is in the Bundi sector of Seke-Banza Territory.	Kinzau-Mvuete	Seke-Banza Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monteregian Hills (French: Collines Montérégiennes) is a linear chain of isolated hills in Montreal and Montérégie, between the Laurentians and the Appalachians.	Monteregian Hills	Montérégie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The closest 'village' to Beinn a' Bhùird is Braemar, Aberdeenshire and the most common approach by car is through this village.	Beinn a' Bhùird	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Frisia or Eastern Friesland (German: Ostfriesland; East Frisian Low Saxon: Oostfreesland) is a coastal region in the northwest of the German federal state of Lower Saxony.	East Frisia	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bastrop Academy, later renamed Bastrop Military Institute, was located in Bastrop, Texas.	Bastrop Academy	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parley's Canyon is a canyon located in the U.S. state of Utah.	Parley's Canyon	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Vara (Persian: دشت ورا‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Varā) is a village in Bid Shahr Rural District, Evaz District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Vara	Bid Shahr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joseph State Airport (ICAO: KJSY, FAA LID: JSY, formerly 4S3) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) west of the central business district of Joseph, a city in Wallowa County, Oregon, United States.	Joseph State Airport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	East York Town Centre is a shopping centre in the East York district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located at 45 Overlea Blvd.	East York Town Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karambayam is a village under Pattukottai Taluk in Thanjavur District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Karambayam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skinner Reserve is an Australian rules football stadium located on Churchill Avenue, Braybrook, Victoria.	Skinner Reserve	Braybrook, Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Profitis Ilias Greek Orthodox Church is a Greek Orthodox church located outside Endeavour, Saskatchewan, Canada, and dedicated to the Prophet Elias.	Profitis Ilias Greek Orthodox Church	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bely Gorodok (Russian: Белый Городок) is an urban-type settlement in Kimrsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia.	Bely Gorodok	Kimrsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stondon is a civil parish located in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire, England.	Stondon	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Totowa Borough Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district, serving students in Kindergarten through eighth grade in Totowa, in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States.	Totowa Borough Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akhtar Shah (Persian: اخترشاه‎, also Romanized as Akhtar Shāh) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Akhtar Shah	Torqabeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Charleston Stadium at Laidley Field, is an 18,500-capacity stadium located in downtown Charleston, West Virginia, near the state Capitol complex.	University of Charleston Stadium at Laidley Field	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Balsam Lake Mountain Fire Observation Station is located at the summit of the mountain of that name in the Town of Hardenburgh, New York, United States.	Balsam Lake Mountain Fire Observation Station	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Judge's Chop House was an eatery located on Twombly Place in Jamaica, New York.	The Judge's Chop House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upcerne is a hamlet lying between Minterne Magna and Cerne Abbas in Dorset, England.	Upcerne	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pratt Regional Airport (IATA: PTT, ICAO: KPTT, FAA LID: PTT) is a public use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) north of the central business district of Pratt, a city in Pratt County, Kansas, United States.	Pratt Regional Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilal (Persian: ايلال‎, also Romanized as Īlāl; also known as Īlāt) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ilal	Chahardangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canelones Department (Spanish: Departamento de Canelones), with an area of 4,536 km2 (1,751 sq mi) and 518,154 inhabitants, is located to the south of Uruguay.	Canelones Department	Uruguay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jerago con Orago is a town and a comune (municipality) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northwest of Milan and about 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Varese.	Jerago con Orago	Province of Varese
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bank of College Grove in College Grove, Tennessee, United States, is a building built in 1911.	The Bank of College Grove	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Salar-e Yek (Persian: ده سالار1‎, also Romanized as Deh Sālār-e Yek; also known as Deh-e Sālār and Deh Sālār) is a village in Dehsard Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Salar-e Yek	Dehsard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avhane is a village of Shevgaon taluka of Ahmednagar district in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Avhane	Shevgaon taluka	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langlade County Airport (ICAO: KAIG, FAA LID: AIG) is a county-owned public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northeast of the central business district of Antigo, a city in Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States.	Langlade County Airport	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJEG-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a hot adult contemporary format at 101.3 FM in Bonnyville, Alberta, branded as KOOL 101.3 FM.	CJEG-FM	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hamas government of 2012 was the second Palestinian Hamas-dominated government, ruling over the Gaza Strip, since the split of the Palestinian National Authority in 2007.	Gaza Strip	Palestinian National Authority
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Jaz (Persian: دره جاز‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Gāz) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Jaz	Darreh Kayad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taizihe District (simplified Chinese: 太子河区; traditional Chinese: 太子河區; pinyin: Tàizǐhé Qū) is a district of Liaoyang City, Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Taizihe District	Liaoyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballybofey (/ˌbæliːbəˈfeɪ/; Irish: Bealach Féich, meaning ``Fiach's pass'') is a town located on the south bank of the River Finn, County Donegal, Ireland.	Ballybofey	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taklibhan is a village located in Ahmednagar district, Maharashtra state in India.	Taklibhan	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gostyń Łobeski (ˈɡɔstɨɲ wɔˈbɛski) (German: Justin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gostyń Łobeski	Gmina Płoty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khalifeh Davud (Persian: خليفه داود‎, also Romanized as Khalīfeh Dāvūd) is a village in Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Khalifeh Davud	Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głuchy Bór (ˈɡwuxɨ ˈbur) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Głuchy Bór	Gmina Dziemiany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quilpie Airport (IATA: ULP, ICAO: YQLP) is an airport serving Quilpie, Queensland, Australia.	Quilpie Airport	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lighthouse of Ponta Garça (Portuguese: Farol da Ponta Garça) is a beacon/lighthouse located along cliffs of the civil parish of Ponta Garça in the municipality of Vila Franca do Campo, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Lighthouse of Ponta Garça	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Middle Elbe Biosphere Reserve is a Biosphere Reserve in the German Federal state Saxony-Anhalt.	Middle Elbe Biosphere Reserve	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gwangju (Korean pronunciation: (kwaŋdʑu)) is the sixth largest city in South Korea.	Gwangju	South Korea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otter Rapids Generating Station is a dam and hydroelectric power plant located in Pitt Township in the Unorganized North Part of Cochrane District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Otter Rapids Generating Station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Zawidów (ˈstarɨ zaˈviduf) (German: Alt Seidenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Stary Zawidów	Gmina Sulików
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bayard Park Neighborhood is a neighborhood in Evansville, Indiana which is bounded by Lincoln Avenue, US Highway 41, Washington Avenue and Garvin Street.	Bayard Park Neighborhood	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNIR ``Radio Maria'' (for: New IbeRia) is an AM broadcasting station at 1360 kHz on the AM band licensed to New Iberia, Louisiana serving the greater Lafayette area with Catholic programming as a repeater of KJMJ 580 kHz in Alexandria, Louisiana.	KNIR	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Mingo Creek is a tributary to the Black River in coastal South Carolina.	Black Mingo Creek	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarqaleh Rural District (Persian: دهستان سرقلعه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarqaleh Rural District	Ozgoleh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nosaby Church (Swedish: Nosaby kyrka) is located in the village Nosaby in Kristianstad Municipality, Sweden.	Nosaby Church	Kristianstad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojtkówka (vɔi̯tˈkufka) (Ukrainian: Війтівка, Viitivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wojtkówka	Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Gibson is now located adjacent to the present day city of Fort Gibson, in Muskogee County Oklahoma.	Fort Gibson	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Branch House (1785-1794, 1805-1870) was the only significant fur trading post on the South Saskatchewan River.	South Branch House	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sephu Gewog (Dzongkha: སྲས་ཕུག་) is a gewog (village block) of Wangdue Phodrang District, Bhutan.	Sephu Gewog	Wangdue Phodrang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabekona Lake is a clear lake in northern Minnesota, USA, located 2.5 miles south of Laporte in Hubbard County.	Kabekona Lake	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tasband (Persian: تسبند‎) is a village in Frughan Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tasband	Frughan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tulse Hill is a district in the London Borough of Lambeth in south London, England.	Tulse Hill	London Borough of Lambeth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hundling (German: Hundlingen) is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Hundling	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klementów (klɛˈmɛntuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Klementów	Gmina Poddębice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haranmar (Persian: هرانمر‎, also Romanized as Harānmar) is a village in Hendmini Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Haranmar	Hendmini Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karkajmy (karˈkai̯mɨ) (German: Korbsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orneta, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Karkajmy	Gmina Orneta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Datchworth is a village and civil parish between the towns of Hertford, Stevenage and Welwyn Garden City in the county of Hertfordshire, England.	Datchworth	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Governor's Mansion Historic District is a historic district covering a large historic neighborhood of Little Rock, Arkansas.	Governor's Mansion Historic District	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Becejły (bɛˈt͡sɛi̯wɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Becejły	Gmina Szypliszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adrian Public Library is a historic structure located at 110 East Church Street in downtown Adrian, Michigan.	Adrian Public Library	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leedstown is a village on the B3280 road between Helston and Hayle in the civil parish of Crowan, Cornwall, England.	Leedstown	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tha Kham also known as the town of ``Hot'' or ``Hod'', is the district headquarters of Hot District in the south of Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Tha Kham	Hot
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maksudan is a village at the Bank of Holy river Gomti near to Dhopap in Lambhua Mandal, Sultanpur district, Uttar Pradesh.	Maksudan	Sultanpur district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disney's BoardWalk Resort is a AAA Four-Diamond Award--winning hotel and entertainment complex at the Walt Disney World resort, in Bay Lake, Florida, near Orlando, Florida.	Disney's BoardWalk Resort	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	CIKX-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in Grand Falls, New Brunswick at 93.5 MHz and 5,300 watts.	CIKX-FM	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Behanak (Persian: بهانك‎, also Romanized as Behānak and Behnak) is a village in Qazqanchay Rural District, Arjomand District, Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Behanak	Qazqanchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVNF (90.9 FM), is a National Public Radio-affiliated community radio station in Paonia, Colorado.	KVNF	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tonquin Valley is located in Jasper National Park, Alberta, Canada, next to the border of the provinces of Alberta and British Columbia, an area which is also the continental divide, running along the peaks of the South Jasper Range (including The Ramparts subrange) which rise above Amethyst Lake.	Tonquin Valley	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Princess Margaret Bridge, sometimes called the Princess Margaret Rose Bridge or shortened to just PMB, is a two-lane highway bridge crossing the Saint John River at Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada.	Princess Margaret Bridge	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snipes Mountain AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in the Yakima Valley of Washington State.	Snipes Mountain AVA	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Codnor is a Derbyshire village and civil parish in the Amber Valley district, and a former mining community, with a population of nearly 5,000.	Codnor	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruff (Irish: Brú na nDeise) is a town in east County Limerick, in the midwest of Ireland, located on the old Limerick--	Bruff	County Limerick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soe Gewog (Dzongkha: སྲོས་) is a gewog (village block) of Thimphu District, Bhutan.	Soe Gewog	Thimphu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehr Gerd (Persian: مهرگرد‎, also Romanized as Mehr Gard) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Mehr Gerd	Vardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ana Bolaghi (Persian: انابلاغي‎, also Romanized as Ānā Bolāghī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ana Bolaghi	Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muker is a village and civil parish at the western end of Swaledale, one of the Yorkshire Dales, in North Yorkshire, England.	Muker	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tutak Sefid (Persian: توتك سفيد‎, also Romanized as Tūtak Sefīd; also known as Tūt Sefīd) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Tutak Sefid	Baqerabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gravel Hills are a low mountain range in the central Mojave Desert, in northwestern San Bernardino County, California.	Gravel Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Beygi (Persian: حاجي بيگي‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Beygī) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District, Kadkan District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hajji Beygi	Roqicheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pumpkin Hill Creek Preserve State Park is a Florida State Park, located 12 miles north of Jacksonville, west of Big and Little Talbot Islands.	Pumpkin Hill Creek Preserve State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shively Field (IATA: SAA, ICAO: KSAA, FAA LID: SAA) is a public airport located one mile (2 km) southwest of the central business district of Saratoga, a town in Carbon County, Wyoming, United States.	Shively Field	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barzuhandan (Persian: برزوهندان‎, also Romanized as Barzūhandān; also known as Barzūkhandān) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Barzuhandan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deutsche Botschaftsschule Peking (``German Embassy School of Beijing'', simplified Chinese: 北京德国使馆学校; traditional Chinese: 北京德國使館學校; pinyin: Běijīng Déguó Shǐguǎn Xuéxiào) is a German international school in Chaoyang District, Beijing, China.	Deutsche Botschaftsschule Peking	Chaoyang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slavyansk-na-Kubani (Russian: Славя́нск-на-Куба́ни) is a town in Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located in the Kuban River delta.	Slavyansk-na-Kubani	Krasnodar Krai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menunketesuck Island, also known as Menunketesuck Point, is an island in Long Island Sound belonging to the town of Westbrook in Middlesex County, Connecticut.	Menunketesuck Island	Middlesex County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klejwy (ˈklɛi̯vɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Klejwy	Gmina Sejny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dabri Chhoti (Hindi: डाबड़ी छोटी) is a village in Churu district, Rajasthan, India, situated on the road between Taranagar and Sahwa, 15 km away from Sahwa.	Dabri Chhoti	Churu district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stojeszyn Pierwszy (stɔˈjɛʂɨn ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stojeszyn Pierwszy	Gmina Modliborzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Escolca, Scorca or Scolca in sardinian language, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) north of Cagliari.	Escolca	Province of Cagliari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yunxi District (simplified Chinese: 云溪区; traditional Chinese: 雲溪區; pinyin: Yúnxī qū) is one of three urban districts of Yueyang, Hunan province, China.	Yunxi District	Yueyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Michael's Roman Catholic Church & Rectory (also known as St. Michael the Archangel Church, and currently called Angel's Arms Condominiums) is a former Roman Catholic church and rectory located at 21 Pius Street in the South Side Slopes neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Saint Michael's Roman Catholic Church & Rectory	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolinia (vɔˈliɲa) (German: Wollin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wolinia	Gmina Główczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parasala is a small village in Osian tehsil of Jodhpur district, Rajasthan state, India.	Parasala	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vasyeh Kash (Persian: وسيه كش‎, also Romanized as Vesyeh Kash, Vesyeh Kesh, and Vasīeh Kash; also known as Vastikah, Vazīr Kash, and Vesī Kesh) is a village in Valupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vasyeh Kash	Valupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smith's Hundred or Smythe's Hundred was a colonial English settlement in Virginia.	Smith's Hundred	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQAH-FM (105.7 FM, ``Big Country 105.7 FM WQAH'') is a classic country music, bluegrass, and gospel music formatted radio station licensed to Addison, Alabama, that serves Decatur, Alabama, and the western portion of the Huntsville, Alabama, market.	WQAH-FM	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Entronque de Herradura is one of thirteen villages (consejos populares) belonging to Consolación del Sur, in Pinar del Río Province, Cuba.	Entronque de Herradura	Pinar del Río Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brič (pronounced (ˈbɾiːtʃ)) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Brič	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Terry Fox is a peak in the Selwyn Range of the Canadian Rockies in British Columbia, Canada.	Mount Terry Fox	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piteh Now (Persian: پيته نو‎, also Romanized as Pīteh Now; also known as Pet Now, Pet Tow, and Tappeh-Ye-Now) is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Piteh Now	Shohada Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umtanum Ridge is a long anticline mountain ridge in Yakima County and Kittitas County in the U.S. state of Washington.	Umtanum Ridge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Kluki (ˈstarɛ ˈkluki) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stare Kluki	Gmina Smołdzino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuberka (kuˈbɛrka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Kuberka	Gmina Gródek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chuman (Persian: چومان‎, also Romanized as Chūmān) is a village in Bowalhasan Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Chuman	Bowalhasan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Awoonga was formed on the Boyne River by the dam located 30 km (19 mi) from Gladstone, in Central Queensland, Australia.	Lake Awoonga	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion, sometimes called The Woodlands Pavilion or simply The Pavilion, is a concert amphitheatre located in The Woodlands, Texas, an outer suburb of Houston, Texas.	Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Patrick's Parish Complex is a historic church building, with associated rectory and cemetery, located at Northfield Church and Whitmore Lake Roads in Ann Arbor, Michigan.	St. Patrick's Parish Complex	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zgniłobłoty (zɡniwɔˈbwɔtɨ) (German: Königsmoor) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Zgniłobłoty	Gmina Bobrowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garsdale Head is a hamlet mainly within the South Lakeland district of Cumbria, England.	Garsdale Head	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pogreby (pɔˈɡrɛbɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczele, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Pogreby	Gmina Kleszczele
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alexander McNish House, also known as the McNish-Musser House, is a historic home located at the town of Salem, Washington County, New York.	Alexander McNish House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nadbużanka (nadbuˈʐaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Uhruska, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Nadbużanka	Gmina Wola Uhruska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Welzheim Forest (German: Welzheimer Wald) is a wooded, hill ridge, up to 585.2 m above sea level (NHN), in the counties of Rems-Murr, Ostalb and Schwäbisch Hall in Baden-Württemberg (Germany).	Welzheim Forest	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Älta is a locality situated in Nacka Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 9,989 inhabitants in 2010.	Älta	Nacka Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahmudiyeh-ye Bahrami (Persian: محموديه بهرامي‎, also Romanized as Maḩmūdīyeh-ye Bahrāmī and Maḩmūdīyeh Bahrāmī; also known as Mahmūdi, Maḩmūdīyeh, and Moḩammadī) is a village in Azadegan Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mahmudiyeh-ye Bahrami	Azadegan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torre Canavese (Piedmontese: La Tor Bèr) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) north of Turin.	Torre Canavese	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château Dufresne (also known as the Dufresne House) is a historic building located in the borough Mercier-- Hochelaga-Maisonneuve in Montreal, Canada.	Château Dufresne	Mercier-- Hochelaga-Maisonneuve
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beit Zayit is under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council.	Beit Zayit	Mateh Yehuda Regional Council
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vaikuntham is a village community in Sankagiri taluk, Salem district, India.vaikuntham are located via NH 47 (salem to covai) Vaikuntham has a bank, school, telephone exchange, post office, Santhai (vegetable market) on every Tuesday, milk booth, etc. Selli Amman Temple:	Vaikuntham	Salem district
located in the administrative territorial entity	South San Francisco High School, known colloquially as ``South City High'', is an American public high school located in South San Francisco, California which serves grades 9-12 as part of the South San Francisco Unified School District (SSFUSD).	South San Francisco High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Oriental Covered Bridge, also known as the Sheaffer Covered Bridge, is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Perry Township near Meiserville in Snyder County, Pennsylvania and Susquehanna Township near Oriental in Juniata County, Pennsylvania.	East Oriental Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poleszyn (pɔˈlɛʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Poleszyn	Gmina Dobroń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashhad Factory Housing (Persian: كارخانه خانه سازي مشهد‎ -- Kārkhāneh Khāneh Sāzī Mashhad) is a village and company town in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mashhad Factory Housing	Shandiz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tedef (Arabic: تادف‎; also spelled Tadif), also known as Tedef al-Yahud (Tedef of the Jews), is a town just southeast of Al-Bab, about 20 miles (32 km) east of Aleppo, Syria.	Tedef	Al-Bab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kordak (Persian: كردك‎, also Romanized as Kardak and Karodak) is a village in Bayat Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Kordak	Bayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eqlid County (Persian: شهرستان اقلید‎) is a county in Fars Province in Iran.	Eqlid County	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Masiewo (ˈstarɛ maˈɕɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Stare Masiewo	Gmina Narewka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clonskeagh or Clonskea (Irish: Cluain Sceach, meaning ``meadow of the whitethorn''; pronounced (klɔnskiː)), is a southern suburb of Dublin, Ireland.	Clonskeagh	Dublin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall-e Shirazi (Persian: تل شيرازي‎, also Romanized as Tall-e Shīrāzī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tall-e Shirazi	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domodossola (Piedmontese: Dòm) is a city and comune in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola, in the region of Piedmont, northern Italy.	Domodossola	Verbano-Cusio-Ossola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boarhills is a hamlet close to Kingsbarns on the East Neuk of Fife, Scotland.	Boarhills	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Purple Point-Stehekin Ranger Station House is a National Park Service ranger residence located in the Lake Chelan National Recreation Area of northern Washington.	Purple Point-Stehekin Ranger Station House	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James B. Hunt Jr. Library is the second main library of North Carolina State University (NCSU) and is located on the University's Centennial Campus.	James B. Hunt Jr. Library	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George F. Shepard House is located at 1802 Wirt Street in the Near North Side neighborhood on the north end of Omaha, Nebraska.	George F. Shepard House	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cape Site, designated Site 36.27 by the Maine Archaeological Survey, is a prehistoric archaeological site in West Leeds, Maine.	Cape Site	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramarajapuram is a village panchayat in Nilakkottai taluk, Dindigul district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Ramarajapuram	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naqdi Kandi (Persian: نقدي كندي‎, also Romanized as Naqdī Kandī; also known as Nogdi Kandī) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Naqdi Kandi	Arshaq Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lapoinya (pronounced La-porn-ya) is a small agricultural centre on the north-west coast of Tasmania west of Wynyard.	Lapoinya	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eresk District (Persian: بخش ارسک‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Eresk District	Boshruyeh County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pender High School is located in Burgaw, North Carolina on Highway 53, and about 25 miles from Wilmington, North Carolina.	Pender High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żylice (ʐɨˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Żylice	Gmina Rawicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowiny Horynieckie (nɔˈvʲinɨ xɔrɨˈɲɛt͡skʲɛ) (Ukrainian: Новини Горинецькі, Novyny Horynets’ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horyniec-Zdrój, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Nowiny Horynieckie	Gmina Horyniec-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNNF (94.1 FM) is a radio station with a country music format in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA.	WNNF	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarnice (jarˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jarnice	Gmina Liw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Arjuni (Persian: ده ارجوني‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Arjūnī) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Arjuni	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bragassa Toy Store is a historic commercial building located in Lynchburg, Virginia.	Bragassa Toy Store	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marischal Museum was a museum in Aberdeen, Scotland, specialising in anthropology and artifacts from cultures around the world.	Marischal Museum	Aberdeen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guarujá (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɡwaɾuˈʒa)) is a municipality in the São Paulo state of Brazil.	Guarujá	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eufaula National Wildlife Refuge is an 11,184 acre (45.26 km2) National Wildlife Refuge located in Barbour and Russell counties in Alabama and Stewart and Quitman counties in Georgia.	Eufaula National Wildlife Refuge	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mudawad is small village in Shindkheda tehsil of Dhule district in Maharashtra, India.	Mudawad	Dhule district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owchtash (Persian: اوچ تاش‎, also Romanized as Owchţāsh and Ūchtāsh) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Owchtash	Qaleh Juq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cobham services is a motorway service area on the M25 motorway in Surrey between junctions 9 and 10.	Cobham services	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	McGill University Library is the library system of McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	McGill University Library	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harbor Club Condominiums is a high-rise residential building in San Diego, California composed of two towers of equal height.	Harbor Club Condominiums	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sather Gate is a prominent landmark separating Sproul Plaza from the bridge over Strawberry Creek, leading to the center of the University of California, Berkeley campus.	Sather Gate	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dindarlu (Persian: ديندارلو‎, also Romanized as Dīndārlū and Dindarloo) is a village in Qarah Bulaq Rural District, Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District, Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dindarlu	Qarah Bulaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vlodrop (Limburgish and town dialect: Vlórp) is a town in the south-eastern part of The Netherlands in the municipality of Roerdalen.	Vlodrop	Roerdalen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limpsfield is a village and civil parish in the east of the county of Surrey, England, by Oxted at the foot of the North Downs.	Limpsfield	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahan Godar (Persian: كهن گدار‎, also Romanized as Kahan Godār) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District, Ahmadi District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kahan Godar	Kuh Shah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoke-upon-Trent, commonly called Stoke, is a component town of the city of Stoke-on-Trent, in Staffordshire, England.	Stoke-upon-Trent	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zbulitów Duży (zbuˈlituf ˈduʐɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Podlaski, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zbulitów Duży	Gmina Radzyń Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darju (Persian: درجو‎, also Romanized as Darjū; also known as Dar Joveh, Dar Jovū, Darjūreh, and Darjūveh) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darju	Bakhtegan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Larkin House, located at 464 Calle Principal, Monterey, California, was built in 1835 by Thomas O. Larkin.	Larkin House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulphide Creek Falls is a tall, moderately large volume waterfall within North Cascades National Park in Washington state.	Sulphide Creek Falls	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Jamielnik (ˈnɔvɨ jaˈmjɛlnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nowy Jamielnik	Gmina Stoczek Łukowski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weed Airport (FAA LID: O46) is a public airport located four miles (6.4 km) northwest of Weed, serving Siskiyou County, California, USA.	Weed Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lisaneh (Persian: ليسانه‎, also Romanized as Līsāneh; also known as Līshomeh) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lisaneh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strembo (German: Stremben) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) west of Trento.	Strembo	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waukee High School (also known as Waukee Senior High School) is a three-year public high school in Waukee, Iowa, United States.	Waukee High School	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	City House is a building over Leeds railway station that was built as British Railways House in 1962.	City House	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Branch South Fork Eel River, a tributary of the South Fork Eel River, is formed by the confluence of Cruso Cabin Creek and Elkhorn Creek, in Mendocino County in the U.S. state of California.	East Branch South Fork Eel River	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fresno Dam is a dam on the Milk River, a tributary of the Missouri River, upstream of Havre, Montana.	Fresno Dam	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Instow is a village in north Devon, England.	Instow	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvajeh Marjan (Persian: خواجه مرجان‎, also Romanized as Khvājeh Marjān; also known as Haji Mijan and Khadzhi Myurdzhan) is a village in Chelleh Khaneh Rural District, Sufian District, Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khvajeh Marjan	Chelleh Khaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Etchemin River is a river in the Chaudière-Appalaches region of eastern Quebec.	Etchemin River	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandar Charak (Persian: بندرچارك‎, also Romanized as Bandar-e Chārak and Band-e Chārak; also known simply as Chārak) is a coastal city in and the capital of Shibkaveh District, in Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bandar Charak	Shibkaveh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doncaster Demonstration Forest is a state park in the state of Maryland 1,823 acres in Charles County.	Doncaster Demonstration Forest	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tverrelvdalen (Kven: Fallijoki) is a village area in the Tverrelvdalen valley in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Tverrelvdalen	Alta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hughes Hall, the former Robert M. Hughes Memorial Library, is a notable building on the Old Dominion University campus in Norfolk, Virginia designed by Edward Durell Stone in 1959.	Robert M. Hughes Memorial Library	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canadian Forces Base Rockcliffe (also CFB Rockcliffe) is a former Canadian Forces Base located in the eastern part of Ottawa, Ontario, now used for Ottawa/Rockcliffe Airport and the Canada Aviation and Space Museum.	CFB Rockcliffe	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Discovery Museum is a science museum and local history museum situated in Blandford Square in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.	Discovery Museum	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobbins Air Reserve Base or Dobbins ARB (IATA: MGE, ICAO: KMGE, FAA LID: MGE) is a United States air reserve base located in Marietta, Georgia a suburb about 20 miles (32 km) northwest of Atlanta.	Dobbins Air Reserve Base	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuri Bay is a remote coastal bay in the far north of Western Australia in the Kimberley region, about 370 km (230 mi) north of Broome.	Kuri Bay	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Kharani (Persian: ده خراني‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Kharānī; also known as Kharānī) is a village in Razavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Deh-e Kharani	Razavar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szymbory-Jakubowięta (ʂɨmˈbɔrɨ jakubɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Szymbory-Jakubowięta	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vale of Leven District General Hospital or simply the Vale of Leven Hospital is a District General Hospital in Alexandria, West Dunbartonshire, and is part of NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde.	Vale of Leven Hospital	West Dunbartonshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spalonki (spaˈlɔnki) (German: Bärenwinkel) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Spalonki	Gmina Dzierzgoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badger Farm is a suburb to the south of Winchester, Hampshire, England and a civil parish.	Badger Farm	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłopoty-Stanisławy (kwɔˈpɔtɨ staniˈswavɨ) (Polish: Troubles-Stanislavs) is a village in north-eastern Poland, located in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship.	Kłopoty-Stanisławy	Gmina Siemiatycze
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joseph Raphael De Lamar House is a mansion located at 233 Madison Avenue at the corner of 37th Street in the Murray Hill neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Joseph Raphael De Lamar House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moyland Castle (German: Schloss Moyland) is a moated castle in Bedburg-Hau in the district of Kleve, one of the most important neo-Gothic buildings in North Rhine-Westphalia.	Moyland Castle	Bedburg-Hau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal Kola (Persian: چال كلا‎, also Romanized as Chāl Kolā) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chal Kola	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fälensee (or Fählensee) is a lake in the Alpstein range of the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden, Switzerland.	Fälensee	Appenzell Innerrhoden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Belwood is a reservoir in East Garafraxa, Dufferin County and Centre Wellington, Wellington County, Ontario, Canada.	Lake Belwood	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guhar Moti is the western-most inhabited village in India, in Kutch district in Gujarat.	Guhar Moti	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gashur-e Aliabad (Persian: گشورعلي اباد‎, also Romanized as Gashūr-e ``Alīābād) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 273, in 52 families.	Gashur-e Aliabad	Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bennetts End is a neighbourhood within Hemel Hempstead in Hertfordshire, England.	Bennetts End	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carroll County Almshouse and Farm, also known as the Carroll County Farm Museum, is a historic farm complex located at Westminster, Carroll County, Maryland.	Carroll County Almshouse and Farm	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esperin (Persian: اسپرين‎, also Romanized as Esperīn, Esprīn, and Asperin; also known as Esfrīn, Isbarin, and Isbirin) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Esperin	Sojas Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalcheraneh (Persian: چال چرانه‎, also Romanized as Chālcherāneh; also known as Chel Charāneh) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Mugui Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chalcheraneh	Poshtkuh-e Mugui Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mont Ripley is a ski hill located in Franklin Township, Houghton County, in Michigan's Upper Peninsula.	Mont Ripley	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Isom is a small natural lake located in Lake County, Tennessee immediately south of Reelfoot Lake.	Lake Isom	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Titlagarh (also known as Titilagarh) is a town and Municipality in Balangir district in the Indian state of Odisha.	Titlagarh	Balangir district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paraíso do Sul (Paradise of the South) is a municipality in the state Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Paraíso do Sul	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	461 Fifth Avenue at 40th street is a 28-story skyscraper located in the Grand Central Terminal area of the Midtown Manhattan section of New York City.	461 Fifth Avenue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarbard (Persian: سربرد‎‎) is a village in Beleh Keh Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sarbard	Beleh Keh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Afogados da Ingazeira (Jamestown) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Pernambuco.	Afogados da Ingazeira	Pernambuco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palais Auersperg, originally called Palais Rosenkavalier, is a baroque palace at Auerspergstraße 1 in the Josefstadt or eighth district of Vienna, Austria.	Palais Auersperg	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łobozew Górny (wɔˈbɔzɛf ˈɡurnɨ) (Ukrainian: Лобізва Горішня Lobizva Horishnia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Łobozew Górny	Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Lyon is located in the Northwest Territories, Canada within Darnley Bay, 14 miles (23 km) from Clapperton Island.	Cape Lyon	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bollinger Mill State Historic Site is a state-owned property preserving a mill and covered bridge that pre-date the American Civil War in Burfordville, Cape Girardeau County, Missouri.	Bollinger Mill State Historic Site	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samuel J. Tilden High School is a New York City public high school in the East Flatbush section of Brooklyn, New York City.	Samuel J. Tilden High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rohusi is an island and a village in Jõelähtme Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia, located in the Kolga Bay.	Rohusi	Jõelähtme Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abomey-Calavi is a city, arrondissement, and commune located in the Atlantique Department of Benin.	Abomey-Calavi	Atlantique Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monroe Power Plant is a coal-fired power plant located in Monroe, Michigan, on the western shore of Lake Erie.	Monroe Power Plant	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panga Posht (Persian: پنگاپشت‎, also Romanized as Pangā Posht) is a village in Shanderman Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Panga Posht	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanzak (Persian: هنزك‎, also Romanized as Henzak and Hinzak) is a village in Lavasan-e Kuchak Rural District, Lavasanat District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hanzak	Lavasan-e Kuchak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pickens Hall was a vaudeville venue at Heuvelton in St. Lawrence County, New York.	Pickens Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karvansara-ye Olya (Persian: كاروانسراعليا‎‎, also Romanized as Karvansarā-ye ``Olyā; also known as Karvansarā) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10, in 4 families.	Karvansara-ye Olya	Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dickleburgh and Rushall is a parish in South Norfolk.	Dickleburgh and Rushall	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jałtuszczyki (jau̯tuʂˈt͡ʂɨki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jałtuszczyki	Gmina Milejczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frances Langford Promenade (also known as the First Civic Center and the Lake Mirror Promenade) is a historic site in Lakeland, Florida.	Frances Langford Promenade	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pogrzebień (pɔˈɡʐɛbjɛɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kornowac, within Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Pogrzebień	Gmina Kornowac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delaware Route 82 (DE 82) is a state highway in the northwest suburbs of Wilmington in New Castle County, Delaware.	Delaware Route 82	New Castle County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishopsbourne is a mostly rural and wooded village in Kent, England.	Bishopsbourne	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stony Brook Reservation Parkways are a group of historic parkways in Boston and Dedham, Massachusetts.	Stony Brook Reservation Parkways	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palisade National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Wyoming and Idaho on July 1, 1910, with 583,650 acres (2,361.9 km2), evenly divided between Wyoming and Idaho, from the southern portion of Targhee National Forest.	Palisade National Forest	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The UBC Farm is a 24 hectare farm and forest system on the southern end of the University of British Columbia campus in Vancouver.	UBC Farm	Vancouver
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandpey-ye Sharqi District (Persian: بخش بندپی شرقی‎, meaning ``Eastern Bandpey District'') is a district (bakhsh) in Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bandpey-ye Sharqi District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porośl-Kije (ˈpɔrɔɕl ˈkijɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Porośl-Kije	Gmina Sokoły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smużki (ˈsmuʂki) (German: Heinrichsfeld) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Smużki	Gmina Ustka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alem Kola (Persian: عالمكلا‎, also Romanized as ``Ālem Kolā, ``Ālam Kalā, ``Alam Kolā, and ``Ālem Kalā) is a village in Lafur Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 503, in 155 families.	Alem Kola	Lafur Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Gippsland Railway was a tourist railway located in south Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.	South Gippsland Railway	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prime F. Osborn III Convention Center is a 265,000-square-foot (24,600 m2) convention center located in downtown Jacksonville, Florida.	Prime F. Osborn III Convention Center	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tablshekin (Persian: طبل شكين‎, also Romanized as Ţablshekīn, Ţablashgīn, and Ţablshekan) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District, Avaj District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Tablshekin	Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	SARTA, (Stark Area Regional Transit Authority), is a public sector transit agency servicing Stark County, a county in Ohio containing Canton, Alliance, and Massillon.	Stark Area Regional Transit Authority	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Sky Basin is the most recent expansion to Vail Ski Resort in Colorado in the United States.	Blue Sky Basin	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szpitalna Wieś (ʂpiˈtalna ˈvjɛɕ) (German: Hospitalsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szpitalna Wieś	Gmina Sztum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ephraim Mogale Local Municipality (until 28 January 2010 named Greater Marble Hall Local Municipality) is located in the Sekhukhune District Municipality of Limpopo province, South Africa.	Ephraim Mogale Local Municipality	Sekhukhune District Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Piecząca (ˈvulka pjɛˈt͡ʂɔnt͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Piecząca	Gmina Stanisławów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Siegrist's Mill Covered Bridge is a 102-foot (31 m), Burr Arch Truss covered bridge over Chiques Creek between Rapho and West Hempfield townships, Lancaster County in U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	Siegrist's Mill Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Sara (Persian: حاجي سرا‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Sarā) is a village in Moridan Rural District, Kumeleh District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hajji Sara	Moridan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brwilno Dolne (ˈbrvilnɔ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Brwilno Dolne	Gmina Nowy Duninów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponjeravah (Cornish: Pons a Revedh, meaning wonder bridge) is a hamlet near to and east of Constantine in Cornwall, England, UK.	Ponjeravah	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oakley Country Club is a private 18 hole golf club located in Watertown, Massachusetts.	Oakley Country Club	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sable Island (French: île de Sable) is a small island situated 300 km (190 mi) southeast of Halifax, Nova Scotia, and about 175 km (109 mi) southeast of the closest point of mainland Nova Scotia in the Atlantic Ocean.	Sable Island	Halifax
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badrabad-e Sofla (Persian: بدرابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Badrābād-e Soflá; also known as Badrābād) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Badrabad-e Sofla	Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colonel Summers Park is a city park in the Southeast Portland, Oregon neighborhood of Buckman.	Colonel Summers Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in downtown Honolulu, the Hawaii State Capitol was commissioned and dedicated by John A. Burns, second Governor of Hawaii.	Hawaii State Capitol	Honolulu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Będzitowo (bɛnd͡ʑiˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Będzitowo	Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballycarney (Irish: Baile Uí Chearnaigh), County Wexford is on the R745 regional road on the east bank of the River Slaney.	Ballycarney	County Wexford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reklinek (rɛˈklinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec, within Wolsztyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Reklinek	Gmina Siedlec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fitchburg State University, also called Fitchburg State, is a four-year public institution of higher learning with a compact urban campus, in the city of Fitchburg, Massachusetts, United States.	Fitchburg State University	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Souris National Wildlife Refuge, located 30 miles (48 km) northwest of Minot, North Dakota, was established in 1935 as a refuge and breeding ground for migratory birds and other wildlife.	Upper Souris National Wildlife Refuge	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Finnerud Forest Scientific Area is a 300-acre (120 ha) forest in Oneida County, Wisconsin.	Finnerud Forest Scientific Area	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hornepayne Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CNJ6), is located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) west southwest of Hornepayne, Ontario, Canada.	Hornepayne Water Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Joseph College and Mother Seton Shrine are two closely related campuses in Emmitsburg, Maryland.	Saint Joseph College and Mother Seton Shrine	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doły Biskupie (ˈdɔwɨ bisˈkupjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Doły Biskupie	Gmina Kunów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lalami (Persian: لعلمي‎, also Romanized as La``lamī) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 253, in 49 families.	Lalami	Shibkaveh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karahe Wala is a small village in Moga district of Punjab state of India.	Karahe Wala	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wąsoszki (vɔ̃ˈsɔʂki) (German: Wonzower Weg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krajenka, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wąsoszki	Gmina Krajenka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Putnamville Correctional Facility, located in Warren Township, Putnam County, near Greencastle, Indiana, is a medium-security prison for men located on 4,350 acres (17.6 km2) in Putnam County, Indiana (the west-central part of the state, near U.S. Routes 231 and 40).	Putnamville Correctional Facility	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crveni Krst concentration camp (lit. Red Cross concentration camp), located in Crveni Krst, Niš, was operated by the German Gestapo and used to hold captured Serbs, Jews and Romanis during the Second World War.	Crveni Krst concentration camp	Niš
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Art - DeLand, Florida (formerly the Museum of Florida Art) is a 501(c)3 organization incorporated in the State of Florida and is a member of the American Alliance of Museums and the Florida Association of Museums.	Museum of Art - DeLand	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merenberg lies on the southern edge of the Westerwald between the district seat of Limburg and Weilburg.	Merenberg	Limburg and Weilburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brown Stocking Mill Historic District in Ipswich, Massachusetts encompasses the (now demolished) mill building of Harry S. Brown's stocking-making factory, and associated mill worker housing Brown had built.	Brown Stocking Mill Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pok Fu Lam Country Park is located on Pok Fu Lam, the western end of the Southern District of Hong Kong Island.	Pok Fu Lam Country Park	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oestrike Stadium is a stadium in Ypsilanti, Michigan at Eastern Michigan University.	Oestrike Stadium	Ypsilanti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Judge's House and Law Office is a historic home and office located at Georgetown, Sussex County, Delaware.	Judge's House and Law Office	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunnet is a village in Caithness, in the Highland area of Scotland.	Dunnet	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Pietro Avellana is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Isernia in the Italian region of Molise, about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northwest of Campobasso and some 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Isernia.	San Pietro Avellana	Province of Isernia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butterleigh is a village in Mid Devon, England situated about three miles south east of Tiverton.	Butterleigh	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małoszki (maˈwɔʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Małoszki	Gmina Krzykosy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaed-e Ebrahimi (Persian: قايدابراهيمي‎, also Romanized as Qāed-e Ebrāhīmī; also known as Qāedī) is a village in Baghak Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Qaed-e Ebrahimi	Baghak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Donald Lake is a reservoir lake in the Township of Greater Madawaska, Renfrew County and the Township of North Frontenac, Frontenac County in Eastern Ontario, Canada.	Black Donald Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karcz (kart͡ʂ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Karcz	Gmina Lipnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Proserpina sarcophagus is a Roman marble sarcophagus from the first quarter of the third century AD, in which Charlemagne was probably interred on 28 January 814 in Aachen cathedral.	Proserpina sarcophagus	Aachen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Art Institute of Chicago Building (1893 structure built as the World's Congress Auxiliary Building) houses the Art Institute of Chicago, and is located in the Chicago Landmark Historic Michigan Boulevard District in the Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois.	Art Institute of Chicago Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hay Gaol is located at Hay, in the Riverina District of New South Wales, Australia.	Hay Gaol	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humbug Mountain State Park is a state park located on the Oregon coast.	Humbug Mountain State Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jebreilabad (Persian: جبرئيل اباد ‎, also Romanized as Jebre'īlābād and Jebrā'īlābād) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jebreilabad	Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Kareyak (Persian: حسن ابادكريك‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Kareyak; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Dana Rural District, in the Central District of Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Kareyak	Dana Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samakhun (Persian: سماخون‎, also Romanized as Samākhūn; also known as Samākhon and Sīmākhūn) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Samakhun	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raduczyce (raduˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osjaków, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Raduczyce	Gmina Osjaków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Barnabas Medical Center (SBMC), an affiliate of the Barnabas Health (formerly known as Saint Barnabas Health Care System), is a 577-bed non-profit major teaching hospital located in Livingston, New Jersey.	Saint Barnabas Medical Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Rudbar (Persian: چهاررودبار‎, also Romanized as Chahār Rūdbār; also known as Chahār Deh-e Rūdbār) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chahar Rudbar	Chahardangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płaciszewo (pwat͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Płaciszewo	Gmina Glinojeck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow-e Moqimi (Persian: دهنومقيمي‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Moqīmī; also known as Deh-i-Nau, Dehnow, and Deh Now-e Pā’īn) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Moqimi	Rostam-e Do Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 917-metre-high (3,009 ft) Hausstein (``House-stone'') is a mountain at the front of the Bavarian Forest, southwest of the Lower Bavarian town Regen, and northeast of the town Deggendorf, and is located in the municipality of Schaufling, in the district of Deggendorf.	Hausstein	Schaufling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shulehabad-e Sofla (Persian: شول ابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Shūlehābād-e Soflā) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Shulehabad-e Sofla	Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ubbalagandi is a village in Sanduru taluk, located around 65 km (40 mi) from Bellary and Hospet.	Ubbalagandi	Bellary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belcarra is a village on the shore of Indian Arm, a side inlet of Burrard Inlet, and is part of Metro Vancouver.	Belcarra	Metro Vancouver
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Houmas, also known as Burnside Plantation and currently known as Houmas House Plantation and Gardens, is a historic plantation complex and house museum in Burnside, Louisiana.	The Houmas	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Housatonic Community College (HCC) is a two-year public community college located in Bridgeport, Connecticut.	Housatonic Community College	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flint Institute of Arts, also called FIA, is located in the Flint Cultural Center in Flint, Michigan.	Flint Institute of Arts	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lisbon Historic District is located at the intersection of U.S. Route 30 and Ohio route 45 in Lisbon, Ohio.	Lisbon Historic District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunting Quarters is the original name for the area of eastern North Carolina in Carteret County currently known as the towns of Sea Level and Atlantic.	Hunting Quarters	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bielecha (bjɛˈlɛxa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bielecha	Gmina Fajsławice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zahra va Mehdi (Persian: زهراومهدي‎, also Romanized as Zahrā va Mehdī) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Zahra va Mehdi	Seyyed Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edenvale Airport, (TC LID: CNV8), is located 2.8 nautical miles (5.2 km; 3.2 mi) west of Edenvale, Ontario, Canada.	Edenvale Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tmuše (Serbian Cyrillic: Тмуше) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Tmuše	Kalinovik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkburton is a village, civil parish and local government ward in the metropolitan county of West Yorkshire, England, 5 miles (8.0 km) south east of Huddersfield, in the Metropolitan Borough of Kirklees.	Kirkburton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Church of Christ, Swansea (also known as First Christian Congregational Church and Swansea White Church) is an historic church at 1113 G. A. R. Highway (United States Route 6) in Swansea, Massachusetts.	Church of Christ, Swansea	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keadue, officially Keadew (Irish: Céideadh), is a village in County Roscommon, Ireland.	Keadue	County Roscommon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozterk (ˈrɔstɛrk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Praszka, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rozterk	Gmina Praszka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Selargius, Ceràrgius or Ceràxius in Sardinian, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 6 kilometres (4 mi) northeast of Cagliari.	Selargius	Province of Cagliari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crow Wing State Park is a state park of Minnesota, United States, at the confluence of the Mississippi and Crow Wing Rivers.	Crow Wing State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nosratabad-e Khadayar (Persian: نصرت ابادخدايار‎, also Romanized as Noşratābād-e Khadāyār) is a village in Adaran Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Nosratabad-e Khadayar	Adaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Econfina River State Park is a 3,377 acres (14 km²) Florida State Park, located on the Gulf of Mexico at the mouth of the Econfina River.	Econfina River State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Emil J. Oberhoffer House overlooks Orchard Lake in Lakeville, Minnesota.	Emil J. Oberhoffer House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingsbury is a district of northwest London in the London Borough of Brent.	Kingsbury	London Borough of Brent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fedij (Persian: فديج‎, also Romanized as Fedīj) is a village in Raviz Rural District, Koshkuiyeh District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Fedij	Koshkuiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Man is a civil parish in the Wealden District of East Sussex, England which includes the villages of Wilmington, Milton Street and Folkington.	Long Man	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	E.T. Seton Park is a public park located in the North York district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located near the junction of Leslie Street and Eglinton Avenue.	E.T. Seton Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	LIU Post (formerly, and still formally known as, the C.W. Post Campus of Long Island University and often referred to as C.W. Post) is a private institution of higher education located in Brookville in Nassau County, New York, United States.	LIU Post	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwai Shing (葵盛) is an area on the hill between Kwai Fong and Tai Wo Hau in the Kwai Chung area of Hong Kong.	Kwai Shing	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Ruby is a natural freshwater lake in the suburbs southeast of Winter Haven, Florida.	Lake Ruby	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Darley (Cornish: Dowr Legh, meaning rock slab river) is a hamlet in Cornwall, England.	North Darley	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruszcza-Kępa (ˈruʂt͡ʂa ˈkɛmpa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połaniec, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ruszcza-Kępa	Gmina Połaniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tahiryuak Lake is a lake located in the Canadian Arctic's Northwest Territories.	Tahiryuak Lake	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kopernik Observatory & Science Center (KOSC) is an public observatory in Vestal, New York opened to the public on 16 June 1974 by the Kopernik Society of Broome County to commemorate the 500th anniversary of the birth of the astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus (Polish: Mikołaj Kopernik) in 1973.	Kopernik Observatory & Science Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalgodeltsi (Bulgarian: Дългоделци, also transliterated as Dulgodeltsi or Dŭlgodeltsi) is a village (село) in northwestern Bulgaria, located in the Yakimovo Municipality (община Якимово) of the Montana Province (Област Монтана).	Dalgodeltsi	Yakimovo Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The courts came to Karlsruhe after World War II, when the provinces of Baden and Württemberg were merged.	Karlsruhe	Baden and Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The BAA Ground (Burma Athletic Association Ground) was a cricket ground in Rangoon, Burma (today Yangon, Myanmar).	BAA Ground	Yangon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Battle Hall, also known as ``The Old Library,'' is a historic library on the campus of the University of Texas at Austin in Austin, Texas.	Battle Hall	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Foxboro Grange Hall is a historic Grange building at 11--15 Bird Street in Foxborough, Massachusetts.	Foxboro Grange Hall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rue Vaneau is a street in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Rue Vaneau	7th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newbawn (Irish: An Bábhun Nua, meaning ``the new enclosure'') is a small village located in the southwest of County Wexford, in Ireland.	Newbawn	County Wexford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białebłoto-Nowa Wieś (bjawɛˈbwɔtɔ ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Białebłoto-Nowa Wieś	Gmina Brańszczyk
located in the administrative territorial entity	KHTQ is an active rock outlet licensed to Hayden, Idaho and serving the Spokane, Washington area.	KHTQ	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bam County (Persian: شهرستان بم‎) is a county in Kerman Province in Iran.	Bam County	Kerman Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Addiscombe tram stop is a light rail stop in the London Borough of Croydon in the southern suburbs of London.	Addiscombe tram stop	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teribe is a town and corregimiento in the Changuinola District of Bocas del Toro Province of Panama.	Teribe	Changuinola District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lythe is a small village and large civil parish, in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire, England, situated near Whitby within the North York Moors National Park.	Lythe	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Xoulces is a small but abundant river in France which flows in Lorraine in the Vosges department.	Xoulces	Vosges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frontier Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Cheyenne, Wyoming.	Frontier Mall	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wollaston Beach is a public beach located along Quincy Shore Drive in the Wollaston section of Quincy, Massachusetts.	Wollaston Beach	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ginterowo (ɡintɛˈrɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianka, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ginterowo	Gmina Trzcianka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pol-e Parzin (Persian: پل پرزين‎, also Romanized as Pol-e Parzīn) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District, in the Central District of Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pol-e Parzin	Kiyaras Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellevue Christian School (BCS) is a private, nondenominational preschool-Grade 12 1A school located in Clyde Hill, Washington, in the United States.	Bellevue Christian School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiszniów (ˈviʂɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Wiszniów	Gmina Mircze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halvai-ye Do (Persian: حلوايي دو‎, also Romanized as Ḩalvā’ī-ye Do; also known as Alvāhī and Ḩalvā’ī) is a village in Karian Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Halvai-ye Do	Karian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	First (Park) Congregational Church is a historic church at 10 E. Park Place, NE in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	First (Park) Congregational Church	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Hill Lake is a body of water in Labette County, Kansas, United States.	Big Hill Lake	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The A. Everett Austin House is a historic house museum and National Historic Landmark at 130 Scarborough Street in Hartford, Connecticut.	A. Everett Austin House	Hartford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherkinlu (Persian: چركينلو‎, also Romanized as Cherkīnlū; also known as Cherkenlū) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Cherkinlu	Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pickford's House Museum of Georgian Life and Costume is in Derby, England	Pickford's House Museum	Derby
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arch of Janus is the only quadrifrons triumphal arch preserved in Rome.	Arch of Janus	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pittsford Village Historic District is a national historic district located at the village of Pittsford in Monroe County, New York.	Pittsford Village Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calvary Chapel Christian Schools Murrieta is a Pre School to 12th grade education system in Murrieta, California which was founded by the Calvary Chapel Church.	Calvary Chapel Christian Schools Murrieta	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Janków (ˈstarɨ ˈjaŋkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stary Janków	Gmina Radzymin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorton (or Dourton) is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire.	Dorton	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Golda Meir School (originally Fourth Street School) for gifted and talented students is a Milwaukee Public Schools district elementary, middle, and high school in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Golda Meir School	Milwaukee	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiltale (Irish: Cill Táile) is a small rural community district in County Meath, Ireland with a population of approx. 300.	Kiltale	County Meath
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Concord Free Public Library is a public library in the town of Concord, Massachusetts.	Concord Free Public Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clear Creek State Forest (formerly Kittanning State Forest) is a Pennsylvania State Forest in Pennsylvania Bureau of Forestry District #8.	Clear Creek State Forest	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elma Roane Fieldhouse is a 2,565 seat arena in Memphis, Tennessee.	Elma Roane Fieldhouse	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jedlinki (jɛˈdlinki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Górny, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Jedlinki	Gmina Potok Górny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Camdeboo National Park is located in the Karoo and almost completely surrounds the Eastern Cape town of Graaff-Reinet.	Camdeboo National Park	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neil Armstrong Airport (IATA: AXV, ICAO: KAXV, FAA LID: AXV) is a public use airport located eight nautical miles (9 mi, 15 km) southwest of the central business district of Wapakoneta, a city in Auglaize County, Ohio, United States.	Neil Armstrong Airport	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gers (French: le Gers, pronounced: (ʒɛʁs) or (ʒɛʁ); Gascon: Gers) is a department in the Languedoc-Roussillon-Midi-Pyrénées region in the southwest of France named after the Gers River.	Gers	Languedoc-Roussillon-Midi-Pyrénées
located in the administrative territorial entity	The physical store is located at 11-13 East 4th Street, in Greenwich Village, in lower Manhattan, in New York City, New York, U.S.A. In January 2007, Other Music announced that it plans to begin selling high-quality MP3 files for download without using any type of digital rights management.	Other Music	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chempazhanthy is a village in the suburbs of Thiruvananthapuram City, the capital of Kerala state in India, which lies about 7 km north.	Chempazhanthy	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Kol (Persian: قلعه كل‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Kol) is a village in Gasht Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 480, in 121 families.	Qaleh Kol	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khorramzar (Persian: خرم زار‎, also Romanized as Khorramzār) is a village in Jereh Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khorramzar	Jereh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeongcheon (Hangul: 영천) is a city in North Gyeongsang Province, South Korea.	Yeongcheon	North Gyeongsang Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amiran (Persian: اميران‎, also Romanized as Amīrān; also known as Omehrān) is a village in Rigestan Rural District, Zavareh District, Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Amiran	Rigestan Rural District	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSBL (101.7 FM, ``K-Lite'') is a commercial radio station licensed to Carpinteria, California broadcasting to the Santa Barbara, California area.	KSBL	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJSI-FM is a christian radio station that broadcasts at 88.9 FM from Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	CJSI-FM	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rice Lake Regional Airport (IATA: RIE, ICAO: KRPD, FAA LID: RPD) is a city-owned public-use airport located five nautical miles (9 km) southwest of the central business district of Rice Lake, a city in Barron County, Wisconsin, United States.	Rice Lake Regional Airport	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monikie is a village in Angus, Scotland, north-east of Dundee, and which takes its name from the civil parish of Monikie.	Monikie	Angus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mica Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park, in the U. S. state of Wyoming.	Mica Lake	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Barney National Park is a national park in Queensland (Australia), 90 km southwest of Brisbane.	Mount Barney National Park	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szyldak (ˈʂɨldak) (German: Schildeck) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szyldak	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manj-e Baraftab (Persian: منج برافتاب‎, also Romanized as Manj-e Barāftāb, Monj-e Barāftāb and Monj-e Barr Āftāb) is a village in Manj Rural District, Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Manj-e Baraftab	Manj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KAVE (88.5 FM) is a broadcast translator rebroadcasting a variety format of KRVM-FM 91.9 FM HD1 Eugene, Oregon, serving the community of Oakridge, Oregon, USA.	KAVE	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buskhyttan is a locality situated in Nyköping Municipality, Södermanland County, Sweden with 225 inhabitants in 2010.	Buskhyttan	Nyköping Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crump Stadium was a sports stadium in Memphis, Tennessee, built in 1934 and largely demolished in 2006.	Crump Stadium	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPRW-FM, also known as ``Power 107'', is an Mainstream Urban station located in the Augusta, Georgia radio market.	WPRW-FM	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rawlins Park is a park in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood of Washington, D.C. The statue General John A. Rawlins is located on the eastern end of the park.	Rawlins Park	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mist Mountain is a mountain located alongside Highway 40 in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta, Canada.	Mist Mountain	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Agua Dulce Mountains are a mountain range in the north-central Sonoran Desert of southwestern Arizona.	Agua Dulce Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rufford Old Hall is a National Trust property in Rufford, Lancashire, England.	Rufford Old Hall	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rohat is a village in Pali district, which is tehsil headquarters also.	Rohat	Pali district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stevenson University is a private, independent, coeducational university that is located in the Greenspring Valley area of Baltimore County, Maryland, United States.	Stevenson University	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bžostovskiai Palace - building in Vilnius Old Town, Universiteto/Domininkonų st. Currently there is a chemistry and individual flats.	Bžostovskiai Palace	Vilnius
located in the administrative territorial entity	385 Bourke Street is the former head office of the State Bank of Victoria and Commonwealth Bank of Australia.	385 Bourke Street	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The D'Aguilar Range is a mountain range near Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	D'Aguilar Range	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soraga (Ladin: Sorèga, German: Überwasser) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Trento.	Soraga	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sułocin-Teodory (suˈwɔt͡ɕin tɛɔˈdɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sułocin-Teodory	Gmina Sierpc
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheyenne County Municipal Airport (ICAO: KSYF, FAA LID: SYF) is a public airport located one mile (2 km) south of the central business district of St. Francis, a city in Cheyenne County, Kansas, United States.	Cheyenne County Municipal Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coquihalla River Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located 25km north of the town of Hope on BC Highway 5 adjacent to the Coquihalla River.	Coquihalla River Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nicollet Park is a former baseball ground located in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.	Nicollet Park	Minneapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tremezzo is a comune (or municipality) of some 1,300 people in the Province of Como, in the Italian region Lombardy.	Tremezzo	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gulf, Mobile and Ohio Passenger Terminal is a historic train station in Mobile, Alabama, United States.	Gulf, Mobile and Ohio Passenger Terminal	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alektora (Greek: Αλέκτορα, Turkish: Gökağaç) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 6 km north of Pissouri.	Alektora	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	River Rock Casino Resort in Richmond, British Columbia is the largest casino in the province of British Columbia.	River Rock Casino Resort	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fengman District (simplified Chinese: 丰满区; traditional Chinese: 豐滿區; pinyin: Fēngmǎn Qū) is a district of Jilin City, Jilin, People's Republic of China.	Fengman District	Jilin City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrush District, Dobrušski Rajon (Belarusian: Добрушскі раён) is a district of Gomel Region, in Belarus.	Dobrush District	Gomel Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Origins Institute (OI) is an interdisciplinary science research institute at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario.	Origins Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mall at Turtle Creek is an enclosed shopping mall located in Jonesboro, Arkansas, United States.	The Mall at Turtle Creek	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Sofla (Persian: سراب سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Soflá) is a village in Qohestan Rural District, Qohestan District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Sofla	Qohestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maryam Negar (Persian: مريمنگار‎, also Romanized as Maryam Negār) is a village in Dinavar Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Maryam Negar	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Besni is a district of Adıyaman Province of Turkey, 44 km west of the city of Adıyaman.	Besni	Adıyaman Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mamungari Conservation Park (formerly known as Unnamed Conservation Park) is a protected area located in South Australia within the southern Great Victoria Desert and northern Nullarbor Plain about 200 kilometres (120 mi) west of Maralinga and 450 kilometres (280 mi) northwest of Ceduna.	Mamungari Conservation Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Young Arena is a 3,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Waterloo, Iowa, United States, and was built in 1994.	Young Arena	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aggieville is the name of six square blocks consisting of college-age oriented bars, restaurants and shops in Manhattan, Kansas, USA.	Aggieville	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mossley Hill is a district of Liverpool, England and a Liverpool City Council Ward.	Mossley Hill	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archer County Courthouse and Jail is a historic courthouse building on Public Square and Sycamore and Pecan Streets in Archer City, Texas.	Archer County Courthouse and Jail	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carmen IOOF Home, also known as or associated with The Carmen Home of Pentecostal Holiness Church, is an Odd Fellows building in Carmen, Oklahoma that was built in 1906.	Carmen IOOF Home	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	After the Old Royal High School was vacated in 1968, the building became available and was refurbished to accommodate a new devolved legislature for Scotland.	Old Royal High School	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murry Site is a prehistoric archaeological site located in Manor Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Murry Site	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pontblyddyn is a small village outside Leeswood, in Flintshire, Wales and is situated around 8 miles from Wrexham.	Pontblyddyn	Flintshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Federal University of Sergipe (Portuguese: Universidade Federal de Sergipe, UFS) is a Brazilian public institution based in Sergipe, with campi sprawling through the cities of São Cristóvão (headquarters), Aracaju, Itabaiana, Laranjeiras and Lagarto.	Federal University of Sergipe	São Cristóvão
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadowo Pierwsze (saˈdɔvɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Malbork, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sadowo Pierwsze	Gmina Malbork
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vinton Street Commercial Historic District is located along Vinton Street between Elm Street on the west and South 17th Street on the east in south Omaha, Nebraska.	Vinton Street Commercial Historic District	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashton Villa is a fully restored, historic home located on the corner of 24th and Broadway in Galveston, Texas, United States.	Ashton Villa	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	W.J.B. Greenwood Provincial Park is a non-operating recreational class park and protected area in the town of Latchford, Timiskaming District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.	W.J.B. Greenwood Provincial Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glasgow Railroad Bridge is four-span through truss bridge over the Missouri River belonging to the Kansas City Southern railroad between Howard County, Missouri and Saline County, Missouri.	Glasgow Railroad Bridge	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Natitingou has an important administrative function and has some of the most important administrative bodies and services in the Atakora Department.	Natitingou	Atakora Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Habib Ishan (Persian: حبيب ايشان‎, also Romanized as Ḩabīb Īshān) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District, Voshmgir District, Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Habib Ishan	Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vápenná (German Setzdorf) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jeseník District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.	Vápenná	Jeseník District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Morden is an area within the district of Morden in south west corner of the London Borough of Merton, to the west of Morden Park and south of Raynes Park.	Lower Morden	London Borough of Merton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silverdale Detention Center is a medium security prison located in Chattanooga, Tennessee.	Silverdale Detention Center	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaem Luang (Thai: แจ่มหลวง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Galyani Vadhana District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Chaem Luang	Galyani Vadhana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newport Country Club, founded in 1893, is a historic private golf club in Newport, Rhode Island, that hosted both the first U.S. Amateur Championship and the first U.S. Open in 1895.	Newport Country Club	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pikestones is the remains of a Neolithic Burial Cairn, located on Anglezarke moor in Lancashire, England.	Pikestones	Anglezarke
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 115-117 Jewett Street in the Newton Corner village of Newton, Massachusetts, is one of the city's finest examples of the academic style of Second Empire design.	House at 115-117 Jewett Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Habibpur (Hindi: हबिबपुर) is a census town in Bhagalpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Habibpur	Bhagalpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oud-Vossemeer is a village on the island of Tholen in the Dutch province of Zeeland.	Oud-Vossemeer	Tholen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Window on the Plains Museum offers displays of ranching, farming, industrial, business, and family life exhibits of the Texas Panhandle during the late 19th and 20th centuries.	Window on the Plains Museum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pryor Brock Farmstead is a place on the National Register of Historic Places just west of Zionsville, Indiana, comprising 4.9 acres (20,000 m2) of what was once a 200-acre (0.81 km2) farm.	Pryor Brock Farmstead	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yek Lang (Persian: يكلنگ‎) is a village in Palangabad Rural District, Palangabad District, Eshtehard County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Yek Lang	Palangabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Septimus is the western summit of a jagged mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 50 km (31 mi) southeast of Gold River and 10 km (6 mi) south of Buttle Lake.	Mount Septimus	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Village State Preserve, or the Wittrock Indian Village State Preserve, is a state archaeological preserve near Sutherland, Iowa.	Indian Village State Preserve	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh Yeri (Persian: باغ يري‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Yerī; also known as Bāgh Barī) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bagh Yeri	Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bousta is a settlement on Mainland, in Shetland, Scotland.	Bousta	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashel is a census town in Ponda taluka, North Goa district in the state of Goa, India.	Mashel	North Goa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wood Green is a district of north London, England, in the London Borough of Haringey.	Wood Green	London Borough of Haringey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Basilica of San Martin de Mondoñedo is a church in the municipality of Foz in Galicia (Spain).	Basilica of San Martin de Mondoñedo	Foz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hiram Ramsdell House, also known as the Octagon House, is an historic octagonal house located at High and Perham streets in Farmington, Maine.	Hiram Ramsdell House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maybeck High School is a coeducational, independent, college preparatory high school located in Berkeley, California.	Maybeck High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kings Hill Pass is part of the Kings Hill Scenic Byway which passes through the Little Belt Mountains in the Lewis and Clark National Forest in Montana, United States.	Kings Hill Pass	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacific Coast High School (PCHS) is a public alternative high school in Tustin, California.	Pacific Coast High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cookeville Railroad Depot is a railroad depot in Cookeville, in the U.S. state of Tennessee.	Cookeville Railroad Depot	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acadia National Park is a national park located in the U.S. state of Maine.	Acadia National Park	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karimdowlati (Persian: كريمدولتي‎, also Romanized as Karīmdowlatī; also known as Moasseseh) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Karimdowlati	Mollasani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qari Mazraehsi (Persian: قاري مزرعه سي‎, also Romanized as Qārī Mazra``ehsī; also known as Qārī Mazra``ahsī) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 122, in 23 families.	Qari Mazraehsi	Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harwell Science and Innovation Campus is a science and technology campus near the villages of Harwell and Chilton, Oxfordshire, England.	Harwell Science and Innovation Campus	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Convent Gallery is located in the Spa region of Daylesford, in Central Victoria, Australia.	Convent Gallery	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bid Geruiyeh (Persian: بيدگروييه‎, also Romanized as Bīd Gerū’īyeh and Bīd-e Gerū’īyeh; also known as Bīd Gorū and Bīd Gūrū) is a village in Golzar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bid Geruiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padegan Nazami Shahrabad (Persian: پادگان نظامي شهراباد‎, also Romanized as Pādegān Naẓāmī Shahrābād) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Padegan Nazami Shahrabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ottawa Jail Hostel is a hostel operated by Hostelling International and located at 75 Nicholas Street in the city of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Ottawa Jail Hostel	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahaabad-e Sofla (Persian: بهاابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Bahāābād-e Soflá) is a village in Mahmudabad-e Seyyed Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bahaabad-e Sofla	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malek Hasan Yarijan (Persian: ملك حسن ياريجان‎, also Romanized as Malek Ḩasan Yārījān; also known as Malekḩasan) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Malek Hasan Yarijan	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Bar Aftab (Persian: باغ برافتاب‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Bar Āftāb) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District, Qarah Kahriz District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Bar Aftab	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mammoth Glacier is in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest, in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Mammoth Glacier	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosew (ˈkɔsɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie, within Łęczyca, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kosew	Gmina Świnice Warckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portalegre District (Portuguese pronunciation: (puɾtɐˈlɛɣɾ(ɨ)), Portuguese: Distrito de Portalegre) is located in the south of Portugal.	Portalegre District	Portugal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Święcko (ˈɕfjɛnt͡skɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Święcko	Gmina Kłodzko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gundershoffen (German: Gundershofen) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Gundershoffen	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Onondaga Creek is a major tributary of Onondaga Lake which is located in Onondaga County, New York.	Onondaga Creek	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Bagh (Persian: چشمه باغ‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Bāgh) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Bagh	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dothan Municipal Airport is a closed airport located 3 miles (5 km) west-northwest of Dothan, Alabama, United States.	Dothan Municipal Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rainy Mountain is a rounded hill standing northwest apart from the main Wichita Mountains in Kiowa County, Oklahoma.	Rainy Mountain	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cleveland Botanical Garden, located in the University Circle neighborhood of Cleveland, Ohio, in the United States, was founded in 1930 as the Garden Center of Greater Cleveland.	Cleveland Botanical Garden	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pedernales River (/ˌpɜrdəˈnælɨs/ PUR-də-NAL-iss) is a tributary of the Colorado River, approximately 106 miles (171 km) long, in central Texas in the United States.	Pedernales River	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donalsonville Municipal Airport is an airport located 2 miles south of Donalsonville, Georgia.	Donalsonville Municipal Airport	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Möhlin (German pronunciation: (ˈmøːlin)) is a municipality in the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.	Möhlin	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRDG is a large commercial radio station in Redding, California, broadcasting to the Northern California area on 105.3 FM.	KRDG	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canton of Barneville-Carteret in France is a former canton situated in the department of Manche and the region of Basse-Normandie.	Canton of Barneville-Carteret	Manche
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackton is a small village lying just beyond the western periphery of East Kilbride in South Lanarkshire, on the B764road (otherwise known as the 'Eaglesham Road') connecting it to the village of Eaglesham.	Jackton	South Lanarkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashley Ridge High School is a secondary school located in Dorchester County, South Carolina, USA, and is the newest high school in Dorchester School District 2.	Ashley Ridge High School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château d'Arcelot is a castle situated around 12 km (7.5 mi) from Dijon in the Arceau commune of Côte-d'Or, France.	Château d'Arcelot	Arceau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dog Mountain rises above the north side of the Columbia River Gorge in the U.S. state of Washington.	Dog Mountain	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montgomery Middle School (Monty Middle) is a middle school located in Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada.	Montgomery Middle School	Coquitlam
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Point Raceway is a motocross track in Mount Morris, Pennsylvania.	High Point Raceway	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsekone Ridge, also known as Tsekone Peak and Black Knight Cone, is a subglacial mound that sits out by itself in the Desolation Lava Field in northwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Tsekone Ridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Window Rock Airport (ICAO: KRQE, FAA LID: RQE, formerly P34) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) south of the central business district of Window Rock, in Apache County, Arizona, United States.	Window Rock Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoi Sham Island (Chinese: 海心島), also called To Kwa Wan Island (土瓜灣島), is a former island in Kowloon Bay off the coast at an urban and bay of To Kwa Wan of Kowloon Peninsula in Hong Kong.	Hoi Sham Island	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hulun Lake (simplified Chinese: 呼伦湖; traditional Chinese: 呼倫湖; pinyin: Hūlún Hú; Mongolian: hölön nuur, lit. foot lake) or Dalai Lake (Mongolian: Dalai nuur, lit. ocean lake), is a lake in Inner Mongolia, China.	Hulun Lake	Inner Mongolia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trinity Repertory Company (commonly abbreviated as Trinity Rep) is a non-profit regional theater located at 201 Washington Street in Providence, Rhode Island.	Trinity Repertory Company	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mędrzyki (mɛnˈdʐɨki) (German: Lauterbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelkowo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Mędrzyki	Gmina Lelkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pikhi Hajji (Persian: پيخي حاجي‎, also Romanized as Pīkhī Ḩājjī; also known as Pījī Ḩājjī) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Pikhi Hajji	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	King Lear Peak is a summit in the Jackson Mountains of Humboldt County, Nevada, overlooking the Black Rock Desert to the west.	King Lear Peak	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arboretum Park Härle (4.7 hectares) is a nonprofit arboretum located on the slopes of the Rhine Valley between Bonn and the Seven Mountains at Büchelstraße 40, Bonn, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Arboretum Park Härle	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Long Branch Variety Show is a western saloon show presented in the Long Branch Saloon located at Boot Hill Museum, a non-profit entertainment and museum theme park, in Dodge City, Kansas.	Long Branch Variety Show	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shops at Willow Bend is an upscale shopping mall located in Plano, Texas, with over 125 stores and three main anchors.	The Shops at Willow Bend	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Ridge Airport (IATA: XPR, ICAO: KIEN, FAA LID: IEN) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) east of the central business district of Pine Ridge, in Oglala Lakota County, South Dakota, United States.	Pine Ridge Airport	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Tabari (Persian: چشمه طبري‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Ţabarī) is a village in Tabar Rural District, Jolgeh Shoqan District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Tabari	Jolgeh Shoqan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azdaran (Persian: ازداران‎, also Romanized as Azdārān) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Azdaran	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ben Chifley Dam, or Chifley Dam, is a rock and earth-fill embankment dam across the Campbells River in the central west region of New South Wales, Australia.	Ben Chifley Dam	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fifth Church of Christ, Scientist is an historic Classical Revival-style Christian Science church building located at 9 East 43rd Street near Madison Avenue and Grand Central Terminal in Manhattan, New York City.	Fifth Church of Christ, Scientist	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kubert School, formerly the Joe Kubert School of Cartoon and Graphic Art or Joe Kubert School, located in Dover, New Jersey, is a three-year technical school that teaches the principles of sequential art and the particular craft of the comics industry as well as commercial illustration.	The Kubert School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saduny (saˈdunɨ) (German Sdunkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Saduny	Gmina Korsze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qomsheh-ye Seyyed Amin (Persian: قمشه سيدامين‎, also Romanized as Qomsheh-ye Seyyed Amīn) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qomsheh-ye Seyyed Amin	Mahidasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bucharzewo (buxaˈʐɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieraków, within Międzychód County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bucharzewo	Gmina Sieraków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Besharat (Persian: شيخ بشارت‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Beshārat) is a village in Korani Rural District, Korani District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Besharat	Korani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mateuszowo (matɛuˈʂɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Mateuszowo	Gmina Dubienka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Petersburg Tollhouse, now located in the hamlet of Addison, Pennsylvania, United States, was the first tollhouse that travelers encountered while on the National Road heading west into Pennsylvania.	Petersburg Tollhouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielkie Walichnowy (ˈvjɛlkʲɛ valixˈnɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wielkie Walichnowy	Gmina Gniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mondragone is a comune or municipality in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region of Campania.	Mondragone	Province of Caserta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martew (ˈmartɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Martew	Gmina Tuczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Campbellford Memorial Hospital is an Ontario class C and class G 34-bed hospital in the community of Campbellford, municipality of Trent Hills, Northumberland County in central Ontario, Canada.	Campbellford Memorial Hospital	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Basafa (Persian: پيرباصفا‎, also Romanized as Pīr Bāşafā) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District, in the Central District of Arsanjan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Pir Basafa	Aliabad-e Malek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buyaqchilu (Persian: بوياقچي لو‎, also Romanized as Būyāqchīlū; also known as Būyāghchelū) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District, in the Central District of Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Buyaqchilu	Gerdeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Madrisa (or Madrisahorn) is a mountain in the Rätikon mountain range, overlooking Klosters in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Madrisa	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khosuyeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان خسويه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khosuyeh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Someyl Ali (Persian: سميل علي‎, also Romanized as Someyl ``Alī) is a village in Baghak Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 4 families.	Someyl Ali	Baghak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Escolta Street is a historic east-west street located in the old downtown district of Binondo in Manila, Philippines.	Escolta Street	Binondo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mortąg (ˈmɔrtɔnk) (German Mortung) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mortąg	Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosetown is a town in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, at the junction of provincial Highway 7 and Highway 4, approximately 115 km southwest of Saskatoon.	Rosetown	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pesteh (Persian: پسته‎, also Romanized as Pisteh) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pesteh	Qaleh Zari Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiełbasy (kʲɛu̯ˈbasɨ) (German: Kelbassen, 1935-45:Wehrberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kiełbasy	Gmina Rozogi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dennis Melcher Pottery and House are historic structures located southwest of Danville, Iowa, United States.	Dennis Melcher Pottery and House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bengbu (Chinese: 蚌埠; pinyin: Bèngbù; Wade--Giles: Peng-pu) is a mid-sized city in northern Anhui Province, China.	Bengbu	Anhui
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kittanning Junior High School (KJHS) is a small middle school in Kittanning, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania.	Kittanning Junior High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liptovský Mikuláš District (okres Liptovský Mikuláš) is a district in the eastern part of Žilina Region of central Slovakia.	Liptovský Mikuláš District	Žilina Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nurstead (or Nursted) is a locality, ecclesiastical parish and former civil parish situated 3 miles south of Gravesend and ½ a mile north of Meopham, Kent, England.	Nurstead	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chettimedu is a small village in Sembanarkoil Taluk in the Nagapattinam District of Tamil Nadu State, India.	Chettimedu	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chitvel is a village in Kadapa district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Chitvel	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Corvallis Hotel, located in Corvallis, Oregon, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Corvallis Hotel	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh Nader (Persian: تپه نادر‎, also Romanized as Tappeh Nāder) is a village in Abravan Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tappeh Nader	Abravan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gisara urf Gidhsara (Hindi: गिसरा उर्फ़ गिद्सरा) is an area in the Sitamarhi district of the state of Bihar, in north-east India.	Gisara	Sitamarhi district	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Situated at the southern slope of the Uetliberg mountain, Friesenberg was formerly a part of Wiedikon municipality, which was incorporated into Zurich in 1893.	Friesenberg	Wiedikon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Singerd (Persian: سينگرد‎, also Romanized as Sīngerd and Sīngard; also known as Sangird) is a village in Zayandeh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Faridan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Singerd	Zayandeh Rud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zawodne (zaˈvɔdnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zawodne	Gmina Prażmów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J. Lawrence Walkup Skydome is an indoor multi-purpose stadium in the western United States, located on the campus of Northern Arizona University (NAU) in Flagstaff, Arizona.	Walkup Skydome	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Farm Park is a public park located in the suburb of New Farm, in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	New Farm Park	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Largoët (French pronunciation: ​(ʃɑtod laʁɡoɛt)), also known as the Tours d’Elven (Elven Towers), is a medieval castle in Elven, in the Morbihan département of France, 13 km from Vannes.	Château de Largoët	Elven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burt Lake is a 17,120 acre (69 km²) lake in Cheboygan County in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Burt Lake	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWWI-FM (95.9 FM, ``KQ 96'') is a radio station licensed to Pillager, Minnesota, and serving the Brainerd Lakes Area.	WWWI-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yangzhen (simplified Chinese: 杨镇; traditional Chinese: 楊鎮; pinyin: Yáng Zhèn) is town situated in the Shunyi District of Beijing.	Yangzhen	Shunyi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakbrook Center is a shopping center located near Interstate 88 in Oak Brook, Illinois.	Oakbrook Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilamolk (Persian: گيلاملك‎, also Romanized as Gīlāmolk) is a village in Bibalan Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gilamolk	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shellingford, historically also spelt Shillingford, is a village and civil parish about 2 1⁄2 miles (4 km) south-east of Faringdon in the Vale of White Horse in Oxfordshire, England.	Shellingford	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al-Alani (Arabic: العلاني‎, also spelled al-Alini or al-Lani) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Idlib Governorate, just east of the Syrian-Turkish border.	Al-Alani	Idlib Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bafrajerd (Persian: بفراجرد‎, also Romanized as Bafrājerd; also known asVarāvard) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Bafrajerd	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanming (Chinese: 三明; pinyin: Sānmíng; Foochow Romanized: Săng-mìng)) is a prefecture-level city in western Fujian province, China.	Sanming	Fujian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahdad Shahiki (Persian: شهدادشهيکي‎, also Romanized as Shahdād Shahīkī) is a village in Rigan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shahdad Shahiki	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bursdon is a village in north west Devon, England.	Bursdon	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Faust Landmark, formerly known as the Faust Hotel (or Hotel Faust) and Tebala Towers, is located on East State Street, is one of the largest buildings in downtown Rockford, Illinois, United States.	Faust Landmark	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Botngård is a village which is also the administrative centre of the municipality of Bjugn in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Botngård	Bjugn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalalabad-e Marbin (Persian: جلال ابادماربين‎, also Romanized as Jalālābād-e Mārbīn; also known as Jalālābād) is a village in Zazeran Rural District, in the Central District of Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Jalalabad-e Marbin	Zazeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuhuatai Memorial Park of Revolutionary Martyrs (雨花台烈士陵园) is a park and tourist site in the Yuhuatai District of Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, China.	Yuhuatai Memorial Park of Revolutionary Martyrs	Nanjing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amlak (Persian: املاك‎, also Romanized as Amlāk) is a village in Jereh Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Amlak	Jereh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolfershausen is one of the sixteen constituent communities that form the town of Felsberg in Schwalm-Eder-Kreis, North Hesse, Germany.	Wolfershausen	Felsberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thirumalapur is a small village in doulthabad Mandal and Medak district, Telangana, India.	Thirumalapur	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salperton is a village in the Cotswolds about 8 miles (13 km) east of Cheltenham in Gloucestershire.	Salperton	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harbayeh-ye Shalageh (Persian: حربايه شلاگه‎, also Romanized as Ḩarbāyeh-ye Shalāgeh; also known as Ḩarbābeh-ye Shalāgeh) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Harbayeh-ye Shalageh	Hoveyzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estijak (Persian: استيجك‎, also Romanized as Estījak; also known as Ashtajak and Īstījak) is a village in Bayat Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Estijak	Bayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tronfjellet or just Tron (official form on maps: Tronden) is a prominent mountain close to Alvdal, Hedmark, Norway.	Tronfjell	Alvdal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Tangal (Persian: چاه تنگل‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Tangal) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Tangal	Sedeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warendorf Railway (German: Warendorfer Bahn) is a single-track branch line from Münster via Warendorf to Rheda-Wiedenbrück in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Warendorf Railway	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anson Brown Building is the oldest extant commercial building in Ann Arbor, Michigan.	Anson Brown Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neilburg is small village located in mid-west Saskatchewan.	Neilburg	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hardyston Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Hardyston Township, in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States.	Hardyston Township School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saskatoon Minor Football Field at Gordon Howe Park (formerly known as Gordie Howe Bowl) is a football stadium located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Saskatoon Minor Football Field	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drogoniów (drɔˈɡɔɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sól, within Nowa Sól County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Drogoniów	Gmina Nowa Sól
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Main, University of Arizona, originally known as the University of Arizona, School of Agriculture building, was the first building constructed on the University of Arizona campus in Tucson, Arizona, United States.	Old Main, University of Arizona	Tucson
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Abbott Way is a section of West 45th Street northwest of Times Square in New York City, named for famed Broadway producer and director George Abbott.	George Abbott Way	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola-Krysk (ˈvɔla ˈkrɨsk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola-Krysk	Gmina Naruszewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Chang (Persian: چم چنگ‎) is a village in Saman Rural District, Saman District, Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Cham Chang	Saman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry Art Gallery (``The Henry'') is the art museum of the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington, USA.	Henry Art Gallery	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dair Mar Elia (Syriac: ܕܝܪܐ ܕܡܪܝ ܐܝܠܝܐ‎, Arabic: دير مار إيليا‎), also known as Saint Elijah's Monastery, was a Christian monastery located just south of Mosul, in the Nineveh Governorate, Iraq.	Dair Mar Elia	Nineveh Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chase Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located around Carina and Tomias Lakes, 70km north of Germansen Landing in the Omineca Mountains just to the west of the Finlay Arm of Williston Lake.	Chase Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Home Building Association Bank (or Home Building Association Company) is a historic building located at 1 North Third Street in Newark, Ohio, and was designed by noted Chicago architect Louis Sullivan.	Home Building Association Bank	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saragah (Persian: سراگاه‎, also Romanized as Sarāgāh) is a village in Saheli-ye Jokandan Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Saragah	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Georgetown College Historic Buildings are a group of historically significant building located on the campus of Georgetown College in Scott County, Kentucky.	Georgetown College Historic Buildings	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horyszów-Nowa Kolonia (xɔˈrɨʂuf ˈnɔva kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitno, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Horyszów-Nowa Kolonia	Gmina Sitno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Julia Richman High School is a defunct comprehensive high school in Manhattan, New York.	Julia Richman High School	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taszów (ˈtaʂuf) (German: Tassau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Kłodzki, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Taszów	Gmina Lewin Kłodzki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barony of Ladyland was in the old feudal Baillerie of Cunninghame, near Kilbirnie in what is now North Ayrshire, Scotland.	Barony of Ladyland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Theater in der Leopoldstadt (also: Leopoldstädter Theater) was an opera house in Vienna, founded in 1781 by Karl von Marinelli, following the Schauspielfreiheit (ending of the court's monopoly on entertainment) by Joseph II in 1776.	Theater in der Leopoldstadt	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zayegan (Persian: زايگان‎, also Romanized as Zāyegān and Zāygān) is a village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District, Rudbar-e Qasran District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Zayegan	Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQJQ (100.3 FM, Magic 100.3) is a 100-watt radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary music format simulcasting co-owned WGMT and is licensed to Barton, Vermont, USA.	WQJQ	Barton, Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Borj-e Sofla (Persian: چهاربرج سفلي‎, also Romanized as Chahār Borj-e Soflá; also known as Chahār Borj-e Pā’īn) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chahar Borj-e Sofla	Garmkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perth Bible College (PBC) (previously the Perth Bible Institute) is an Evangelical interdenominational Bible college in Perth, Western Australia.	Perth Bible College	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaganam Rajupalem is a village panchayath located in the Sydapuram Mandal,Nellore district of Andhra-Pradesh state,India.	Chaganam Rajupalem	Andhra-Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bid Darreh (Persian: بيددره‎, also Romanized as Bīd Darreh; also known as Baidarreh, Bīdar, Bīdāreh, and Bīdarreh) is a village in Kumasi Rural District, in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Bid Darreh	Kumasi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Curvér is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Range, between Andeer and Savognin, in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz Curvér	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pambula River is an open semi-mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial river located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Pambula River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanera Mòr (Scottish Gaelic: Tannara Mòr) is an uninhabited (previously inhabited) island in Loch Broom in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.	Tanera Mòr	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamson Farm, whose earliest components date to the 1770s, is a working farm and town-owned conservation land in Mont Vernon, New Hampshire.	Lamson Farm	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sommatino (Sicilian: Summatinu) is a town (municipality) in the Province of Caltanissetta in the Italian region Sicily, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of Caltanissetta.	Sommatino	Province of Caltanissetta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Civil Rights Museum is a complex of museums and historic buildings in Memphis, Tennessee; its exhibits trace the history of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States from the 17th century to the present.	National Civil Rights Museum	Memphis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastridge is a 1.4 million square foot (GLA) shopping mall owned by General Growth Properties, and located in between Tully Road, East Capitol Expressway, and Quimby Road in eastern San Jose, California.	Eastridge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Levi's Stadium is a football stadium located in Santa Clara, California, in the San Francisco Bay Area.	Levi's Stadium	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mata Grande is a municipality located at the north-western corner of the Brazilian state of Alagoas.	Mata Grande	Alagoas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jurupa Mountains are a small mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System, located in the southeastern Pomona Valley, within northwestern Riverside County and southwestern San Bernardino County of the Inland Empire region, southern California.	Jurupa Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nebušice is a district of Prague 6.	Nebušice	Prague
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNCB, known as ``B93.9'', is a country music radio station that serves the Raleigh-Durham market of North Carolina.	WNCB	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrozowo (mrɔˈzɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadki, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Mrozowo	Gmina Sadki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McIntire Garrison House is an historic house on Cider Hill Road (Maine State Route 91) in York, Maine.	McIntire Garrison House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Josep de sa Talaia (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsaɲ ʒuˈzɛb də sə təˈɫajə), Spanish: San José Obrero) is a village and municipality of the Balearic Islands in western Ibiza.	Sant Josep de sa Talaia	Balearic Islands	Ibiza
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wile Carding Mill is a defunct carding mill, in Bridgewater, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Wile Carding Mill	Bridgewater, Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frain Kalan is a village in the mandal of Narwana, in Jind district in the Indian state of Haryana.	Frain Kalan	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tanzilla Plateau is a plateau in the Stikine Country of the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Tanzilla Plateau	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vanavanmahadevi is a village in the Nagapattinam district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Vanavanmahadevi	Nagapattinam district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hirschhorn (Neckar) is a small town in the Bergstraße district of Hesse, Germany, and is known as ``The Pearl of the Neckar valley''.	Hirschhorn (Neckar)	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coffeen Lake State Fish and Wildlife Area is an Illinois state park on 297 acres (120 ha) in Montgomery County, Illinois, United States just south of Coffeen.	Coffeen Lake State Fish and Wildlife Area	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirabad-e Abadi (Persian: ميرابادعبدي‎, also Romanized as Mīrābād-e ʿAbadī; also known as Mīrābād) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mirabad-e Abadi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North County Transit District (NCTD) (reporting mark SDNX) is the agency responsible for public transportation in North San Diego County, California, United States.	North County Transit District	San Diego County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boulevard Beaumarchais is a boulevard of the 3rd, 4th and 11th arrondissement of Paris.	Boulevard Beaumarchais	11th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melakuppam (Tamil: மேலகுப்பம்) is one of the revenue village in Cuddalore district of Indian state, Tamil Nadu.	Melakuppam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godar-e Kabk (Persian: گداركبك‎, also Romanized as Godār-e Kabk) is a village in Dowrahan Rural District, Gandoman District, Borujen County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Godar-e Kabk	Dowrahan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moorsel is a village in the Denderstreek in the province East Flanders in Belgium, a deelgemeente of the city of Aalst.	Moorsel	Aalst
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuangcheng District (simplified Chinese: 双城区; traditional Chinese: 雙城區; pinyin: Shuāngchéng Qū) is one of nine districts of Harbin, the capital of Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China, covering part of the southwestern suburbs.	Shuangcheng District	Harbin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Badile (3,308 m) is a mountain of the Bregaglia range in the Swiss canton of Graubünden and the Italian region of Lombardy, the border between the two countries running along the summit ridge.	Piz Badile	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Roquetaillade (French: (ʁɔk.tɑ.jad)) is a castle in Mazères (near Bordeaux), in the French département of Gironde.	Château de Roquetaillade	Mazères
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waldomore, also known as The Waldomore, is a two-story Neo-Classical brick mansion located in uptown Clarksburg, West Virginia, United States.	Waldomore	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Castelnau-Bretenoux is a castle in the commune of Prudhomat, Lot département, France.	Château de Castelnau-Bretenoux	Prudhomat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saville Dam is an earthen embankment dam with masonry work on the eastern branch of the Farmington River 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) southwest of Barkhamsted, Connecticut.	Saville Dam	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boundary Peak Wilderness is a protected wilderness area in the White Mountains of Esmeralda County, in the western section of the state of Nevada in the western United States.	Boundary Peak Wilderness	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Commune of Musongati is a commune of Rutana Province in southeastern Burundi.	Commune of Musongati	Rutana Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WildWater Adventure is a water park in Muskegon, Michigan, located next door to Michigan's Adventure, and owned by Cedar Fair Entertainment Company Admission is included in the Michigan's Adventure ticket.	WildWater Adventure	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandyagash (Kazakh: Қандыағаш) is a town and the administrative center of Mugalzhar District in Aktobe Region of western Kazakhstan.	Kandyagash	Mugalzhar District	Aktobe Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łęsko (ˈwɛ̃skɔ) (German: Karlsbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łęsko	Gmina Goleniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Tang-e Bala (Persian: سرتنگ بالا‎, also Romanized as Sar Tang-e Bālā) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sar Tang-e Bala	Rostaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Enmore Theatre is a theatre and entertainment venue in Sydney, since opening in 1908 it is the longest running live music venue still operational in New South Wales.	Enmore Theatre	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rock Island High School, also known as ``Rocky'', is a public four-year high school located in Rock Island, Illinois, USA.	Rock Island High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clayton-Marsh Creek-Greenville Fault is a fault located in the eastern San Francisco Bay Area of California, in Alameda County and Contra Costa County.	Clayton-Marsh Creek-Greenville Fault	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballybay (Irish: Béal Átha Beithe, meaning ``mouth of the ford of the birch'') is a town in County Monaghan in Ireland, centered on the crossroads of the R183 and R162 regional roads.	Ballybay	County Monaghan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penart (Persian: پنارت‎, also Romanized as Penārt) is a village in Hombarat Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Penart	Hombarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Semadoh is a village located in dense Melghat Tiger Reserve in Dharni Tahsil, Amravati District, Maharashtra.	Semadoh	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aukena is the 4th largest of the Gambier Islands in French Polynesia.	Aukena	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPEZ (93.7 FM, ``Z 93.7'') is an American radio station serving the Macon, Georgia, area with an adult contemporary format.	WPEZ	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Escoe Building, also known as the Simmons Building, was at 228-230 N. 2nd St., Muskogee, Oklahoma.	Escoe Building	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ompton is a village in Nottinghamshire, England, three miles south-east of Ollerton.	Ompton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savat (Persian: ساوات‎, also Romanized as Sāvāt) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Savat	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowadays, Prenj falls almost entirely within the territory of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Prenj	Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMKX is a classic/modern rock music formatted radio station for northwestern Pennsylvania, broadcasting at 105.5 FM.	WMKX	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherla is a mandal in Khammam district.	Cherla	Khammam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ezz od Din (Persian: عزالدين‎, also Romanized as ``Ezz od Dīn, ``Azzaddīn, and ``Azz od Dīn) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 192, in 65 families.	Ezz od Din	Bazarjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Qazi District (Persian: بخش قلعه قاضی‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Qaleh Qazi District	Hormozgan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rybical (rɨˈbit͡sal) (German Rübenzahl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rybical	Gmina Ryn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riwasa is a village (Dhani) in Tosham tehsil of the Bhiwani District in Haryana, North India.	Riwasa	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cămărzana (Hungarian: Komorzán, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈkomorzaːn)) is a commune of 2,304 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Romania.	Cămărzana	Satu Mare County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florence Regional Airport (IATA: FLO, ICAO: KFLO, FAA LID: FLO) is a public airport three miles east of Florence, in Florence County, South Carolina.	Florence Regional Airport	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salman Davud (Persian: سلمان داود‎, also Romanized as Salmān Dāvūd) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Salman Davud	Ahudasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chubdar (Persian: چوبدر‎, also Romanized as Chūbdār; also known as Chobdarreh, Chobdarrekh, and Chūb Darreh) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Chubdar	Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Twin Range is a mountain range within the White Mountains of New Hampshire.	Twin Range	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balkut (Persian: بلكوت‎, also Romanized as Balkūt) is a village in Shuil Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Balkut	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shush Ab (Persian: شوشاب‎, also Romanized as Shūsh Āb; also known as Shūshābād) is a village in Haram Rud-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Shush Ab	Haram Rud-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basilica of St. Donatian and St. Rogatian (French: Basilique Saint-Donatien-et-Saint-Rogatien) is a Roman Catholic minor basilica in Nantes, France.	Basilica of St. Donatian and St. Rogatian	Nantes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ikermiut is a former settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Ikermiut	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Acueducto de los Milagros (English: Miraculous Aqueduct) is a ruined Roman aqueduct bridge, part of the aqueduct built to supply water to the Roman colony of Emerita Augusta, today Mérida, Spain.	Acueducto de los Milagros	Mérida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gitari (Persian: گيتري‎, also Romanized as Gītarī and Gītrī) is a village in Javar Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gitari	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Constitution Building is an 11 story Canadian office building in Ottawa, Ontario.	Constitution Building	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastend is a town in southwest Saskatchewan, Canada.	Eastend	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Truckee Tahoe Airport (IATA: TKF, ICAO: KTRK, FAA LID: TRK) is a public airport two miles east of Truckee, California, United States.	Truckee Tahoe Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Penn College is a private college located in Summerdale, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Harrisburg in the United States.	Central Penn College	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fuchskaute is an extinct volcano and, at 657.3 m above sea level (NHN), the highest mountain of the Westerwald and the county of Westerwaldkreis in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Fuchskaute	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rich Knob, elevation 4,152 feet, is located in Towns County, Georgia.	Rich Knob	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jub Khaleh-ye Sofla (Persian: جوب خله سفلي‎, also Romanized as Jūb Khaleh-ye Soflá and Jūbkhaleh-ye Soflá; also known as Jūb Khaleh-ye Pā’īn and Jūy Khaleh Pā’īn) is a village in Komehr Rural District, in the Central District of Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jub Khaleh-ye Sofla	Komehr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	McLeese Lake, originally Mud Lake, is a lake in the Cariboo region of British Columbia, Canada.	McLeese Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hooghly district (/ˈhuːɡliː/) is one of the districts of the state of West Bengal in India.	Hooghly district	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baltimore School for the Arts (BSA) is a public arts high school located in Baltimore, Maryland, and is part of its public school system.	Baltimore School for the Arts	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Falls Meetinghouse is a historic Friends meeting house located at Fallston, Harford County, Maryland, United States.	Little Falls Meetinghouse	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Hialeah Educational Academy, abbreviated as HEA, and also known as EA, is a public charter school in Hialeah, Florida.	City of Hialeah Educational Academy	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwaśniów Górny (ˈkfaɕɲuf ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klucze, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kwaśniów Górny	Gmina Klucze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allanwater Bridge railway station is located in the Allan Water area of the Canadian province of Ontario, just west of where the railway line crosses the river Allan Water over a truss bridge.	Allanwater Bridge railway station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkey and Gay Furniture Company Factory is a historic manufacturing plant in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	Berkey and Gay Furniture Company Factory	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hollis Street Church (1732 - 1887) in Boston, Massachusetts, was a Congregational (1732 - ca.1800) and Unitarian (ca.1800 - 1887) church.	Hollis Street Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thunderbird School of Global Management at Arizona State University (or simply Thunderbird) is a management school located in the United States, and a part of Arizona State University.	Thunderbird School of Global Management	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nong Tong (Thai: หนองตอง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Hang Dong District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Nong Tong	Hang Dong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aubrey Cliffs are a series of cliff escarpments located in Coconino County, in northwestern Arizona.	Aubrey Cliffs	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farizan-e Sofla (Persian: فريزن سفلي‎, also Romanized as Farīzan-e Soflá) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Farizan-e Sofla	Chahar Gonbad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kedreng (Persian: كدرنگ‎; also known as Kedrīng) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kedreng	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhander is a town and a nagar panchayat in Datia district in the state of Madhya Pradesh.	Bhander	Datia district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Kiełbów (ˈnɔvɨ ˈkʲɛu̯buf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Kiełbów	Gmina Stara Błotnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lord Baltimore Hotel is located at 20 West Baltimore Street in the downtown area of Baltimore, Maryland.	Lord Baltimore Hotel	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glendale Jr/Sr High School is a public school in Glendale, Oregon, United States serving middle- and high school-aged students.	Glendale Jr/Sr High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayyallur is a village located in Mattanur Municipality in the Indian state of Kerala.	Ayyallur	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRMN-LP (101.1 FM) is a College radio station licensed to serve Mena, Arkansas.	KRMN-LP	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Glemham is a small village on the A12 road, in the Suffolk Coastal District, in the county of Suffolk.	Little Glemham	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prospect Hill Academy Charter School (PHA) is K-12 college preparatory public charter school located on three campuses in Somerville, Massachusetts and Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Prospect Hill Academy	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hinson Mounds (8Cr180) comprise an archeological site in Collier County, Florida near Miles City.	Hinson Mounds	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boqrai (Persian: بقرايي‎, also Romanized as Boqrā’ī; also known as Boqrá) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District, Central District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Boqrai	Zirkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dudley Observatory is an astronomical observatory located in Schenectady, New York, United States.	Dudley Observatory	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Point Provincial Park is an Ontario provincial park on the northwest shore of Lake Erie near Port Rowan, Ontario, Canada.	Long Point Provincial Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tingley is a settlement in West Yorkshire, England, forming part of the parish of West Ardsley and of the City of Leeds metropolitan borough.	Tingley	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farrokh Pey (Persian: فرخ پي‎; also known as Sa``dūnī) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 523, in 97 families.	Farrokh Pey	Nasar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kendall Island Migratory Bird Sanctuary (KIBS) is a migratory bird sanctuary in the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Kendall Island Migratory Bird Sanctuary	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	KOVC (1490 AM) is a radio station based in Valley City, North Dakota, USA.	KOVC	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paluzy (paˈluzɨ) (German Plausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Paluzy	Gmina Bisztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cotgrave is a town and civil parish in the borough of Rushcliffe in Nottinghamshire, England.	Cotgrave	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qodratabad-e Bala (Persian: قدرت ابادبالا‎, also Romanized as Qodratābād-e Bālā) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qodratabad-e Bala	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matrei in Osttirol is a market town in the Lienz District in the Austrian state of Tyrol (East Tyrol).	Matrei in Osttirol	Lienz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bärenplatz (Bear Plaza) is a plaza in the Old City of Bern, the medieval city center of Bern, Switzerland.	Bärenplatz	Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Verlaine Message Museum or Museum of 5 June 1944 is a historical museum founded in 1991 in Tourcoing, France, near Lille.	Verlaine Message Museum	Tourcoing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borough Briggs is a football ground in Elgin, Moray, Scotland.	Borough Briggs	Elgin
located in the administrative territorial entity	General Byng School is a Kindergarten to Grade 9 school located in the south end of Winnipeg, Manitoba.	General Byng School	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naden-e Sofla (Persian: ندن سفلي‎, also Romanized as Naden-e Soflá; also known as Naden-e Pā’īn, Nadeng-e Pā’īn, and Nadeng Pā’īn) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Naden-e Sofla	Jolgeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halistra (Scottish Gaelic: Halastra), is a small crofting township located on the west coast of the Waternish peninsula, overlooking Loch Bay, on the island of Skye, Scotland.	Halistra	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziqan (Persian: زيقان‎, also Romanized as Zīqān; also known as Zīqūn) is a village in Pol Beh Pain Rural District, Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ziqan	Simakan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stocka is a locality situated in Nordanstig Municipality, Gävleborg County, Sweden with 382 inhabitants in 2010.	Stocka	Nordanstig Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Irvington Bowman Apartments is an apartment complex located in northeast Portland, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Irvington Bowman Apartments	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nakin (Persian: ناكين‎, also Romanized as Nākīn) is a village in Darjazin-e Olya Rural District, Qorveh-e Darjazin District, Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Nakin	Darjazin-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuy-e Raz (Persian: كوي راز‎, also Romanized as Kūy-e Rāz) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Kuy-e Raz	Chahardangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haypenny Bay is nearly a mile long stretch of beach located directly south of Christiansted in Company Quarter on the southeastern shore of St Croix United States Virgin Islands.	Haypenny Bay	United States Virgin Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Afrakoti (Persian: بالاافراكتي‎, also Romanized as Bālā Afrākotī) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Afrakoti	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall-e Siah-ye Ludab (Persian: تل سياه لوداب‎, also Romanized as Tall-e Sīāh-ye Lūdāb) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tall-e Siah-ye Ludab	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bloor Collegiate Institute (Bloor CI, BCI , or Bloor, originally Davenport High School and Bloor High School) is a public secondary school located at the intersection of Bloor Street and Dufferin Street in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Bloor Collegiate Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Boyce is located 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) north of Blackheath, in New South Wales, Australia.	Mount Boyce	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lawrence Smith Memorial Airport (ICAO: KLRY, FAA LID: LRY) is a city owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Harrisonville, a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States.	Lawrence Smith Memorial Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuba State Park is a state park of Utah, USA, featuring the Yuba Reservoir on the Sevier River.	Yuba State Park	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehdinlu (Persian: مهدينلو‎, also Romanized as Mehdīnlū and Mahdīnlū; also known as Mehdīlū) is a village in Shurakat-e Jonubi Rural District, Ilkhchi District, Osku County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mehdinlu	Shurakat-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sobniów (ˈsɔbɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Sobniów	Gmina Jasło
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Assabet River Rail Trail is a multi-use path under construction in Marlborough, Hudson, Stow, Maynard, and Acton in Massachusetts.	Assabet River Rail Trail	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dandu Gopalapuram is a village and panchayat in Santha Bommali mandal, Srikakulam district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Dandu Gopalapuram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coney Island Fire Station Pumping Station is a historic pumping station located in Brooklyn, New York, New York.	Coney Island Fire Station Pumping Station	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Cedar Lake (or Petit lac des Cèdres) is a 2.5 mile-long lake located in Messines, Quebec, 90 minutes from Ottawa.	Little Cedar Lake	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo Schifanoia is a Renaissance palace in Ferrara, Emilia-Romagna (Italy) built for the Este family.	Palazzo Schifanoia	Ferrara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Del Mar Landing State Marine Reserve (SMR) is a marine protected area that lies onshore, about two miles (3 km) south of the town of Gualala and three and a half miles north of Sea Ranch in Sonoma County on California's north central coast.	Del Mar Landing State Marine Reserve	Sonoma County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cohoes City Hall is located at 97 Mohawk Street in the city of Cohoes, New York, United States.	Cohoes City Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandalat (Persian: كندلات‎, also Romanized as Kandalāt and Kandelāt; also known as Gandelāt, Kandah Lat, and Kandeh Lāt) is a village in Blukat Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kandalat	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ru Darya (Persian: رودريا‎, also Romanized as Rū Daryā; also known as Rūd Daryā) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ru Darya	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kidów (ˈkiduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilica, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kidów	Gmina Pilica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malai District (Khmer: ស្រុកម៉ាឡៃ, ``Mountains of Malaya'') is a district (srok) in the south west of Banteay Meanchey Province, in north-western Cambodia.	Malai District	Banteay Meanchey Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kershopefoot is a small hamlet in Cumbria, England, formerly in Cumberland.	Kershopefoot	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuszkowo (tuʂˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Tuszkowo	Gmina Sośno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ Church Picture Gallery is an art museum at Christ Church, one of the colleges of Oxford University in England.	Christ Church Picture Gallery	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Dwór Wejherowski (ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur vɛi̯xɛˈrɔfski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowy Dwór Wejherowski	Gmina Wejherowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palamaner or Palamaneru is a town in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Palamaner	Chittoor district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Denmark Hill is an area and road in Camberwell, in the London Borough of Southwark.	Denmark Hill	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount McKay is a mafic sill located south of Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada, on the Indian Reserve of the Fort William First Nation.	Mount McKay	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kong Chow Temple (traditional Chinese: 岡州古廟; simplified Chinese: 冈州古庙; pinyin: Gāngzhōu Gǔmiào; Jyutping: gong1 zau1 gu2 miu6) is a temple dedicated to Guan Di, located in the Chinatown neighborhood of San Francisco, California, in the United States.	Kong Chow Temple	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sussex County Courthouse and the Circle is a historic courthouse located at The Circle in Georgetown, Sussex County, Delaware.	Sussex County Courthouse and the Circle	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bognie Castle (also called Conzie Castle) is a ruined castle near Huntly, in the Aberdeenshire region of Scotland.	Bognie Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowan Mill (also known as the Aurora Mill or Cowan Woolen Company Mill) was an historic mill at Island Mill Street in Lewiston, Maine.	Cowan Mill	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prarostino is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 40 kilometres (25 miles) southwest of Turin, at the confluence of Val Chisone and Val Pellice.	Prarostino	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amirabad District (Persian: بخش امیرآباد‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Amirabad District	Damghan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Florence Firehouse is located at 8415 North 29th Street in the Florence neighborhood in the north end of Omaha, Nebraska.	Florence Firehouse	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Menil Collection, located in Houston, Texas, USA, refers either to a museum that houses the private art collection of founders John de Menil and Dominique de Menil, or to the collection itself of approximately 17,000 paintings, sculptures, prints, drawings, photographs and rare books.	Menil Collection	Houston
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ludlow Monument is a granite memorial by sculptor Hugh Sullivan erected by the United Mine Workers of America (UMWA) at the Ludlow Tent Colony Site near Ludlow, Colorado in 1918 to honor the victims of the Ludlow massacre.	Ludlow Monument	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardens Oval was originally an AFL oval and now a cricket ground in Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.	Gardens Oval	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenar Khatun (Persian: چنارخاتون‎, also Romanized as Chenār Khātūn) is a village in Dorud Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chenar Khatun	Dorud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mauranipur is a city and a municipal board in Jhansi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Mauranipur	Jhansi district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghafel (Persian: غافل‎, also Romanized as Ghāfel) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ghafel	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Askern is a town and civil parish within the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster, in South Yorkshire, England.	Askern	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHYC (88.5 FM) is an American educational non-profit radio station liicensed to serve the community of Swan Quarter, North Carolina.	WHYC	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cropley Lake is an alpine lake in the City and Borough of Juneau, Alaska, United States.	Cropley Lake	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skyline Apartments is a skyscraper in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia located in the CBD residential precinct known as Petrie Bight.	Skyline Apartments	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	KGFT is a Christian talk radio station in Colorado Springs, Colorado broadcasting at 100.7 FM.	KGFT	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Whyte is a mountain in Alberta, Canada located in Banff National Park, near Lake Louise.	Mount Whyte	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	O'Brien's Tower marks the highest point of the Cliffs of Moher in County Clare, Ireland, located a short distance from the village Doolin, famous for its traditional Irish music.	O'Brien's Tower	Doolin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lolworth is a small village and civil parish in the district of South Cambridgeshire, in the county of Cambridgeshire, England, located approximately 5 miles (8 km) northwest of Cambridge city centre.	Lolworth	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Park Slope Jewish Center, known from 1942 to 1960 as Congregation B'nai Jacob - Tifereth Israel, is an egalitarian Conservative synagogue located at 1320 Eighth Avenue in South Slope, Brooklyn, New York City.	Park Slope Jewish Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Village Bottoms is a historic cultural district in the predominantly Black neighborhood of West Oakland, California.	Village Bottoms	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mulholland Dam is a Los Angeles Department of Water and Power dam located in the Hollywood Hills of Los Angeles, California.	Mulholland Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Winnow (Cornish: Sen Gwynnek) is a civil parish situated in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Winnow	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	McNary Dam Heliport (FAA LID: 59OR) is a private heliport located 1 mile south of Umatilla in Umatilla County, Oregon, USA.	McNary Dam Heliport	Umatilla County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jonathan Bourne Public Library (est. 1891) is a public library in Bourne, Massachusetts.	Jonathan Bourne Public Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fox Theater, Westwood Village, also known as the Fox Village Theater, is a historic, landmark cinema in Westwood, Los Angeles, California, in the Westwood Village.	Fox Theater, Westwood Village	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kierwałd (ˈkʲɛrvau̯t) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kierwałd	Gmina Morzeszczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Packard's Corner is located in Boston, Massachusetts at the intersection of Commonwealth Avenue and Brighton Avenue.	Packard's Corner	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baak is a small village in the municipality Bronckhorst in the Achterhoek part of the Dutch province of Gelderland.	Baak	Bronckhorst
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Huntingdon Valley Country Club is a golf, tennis and swim club located in Huntingdon Valley, Pennsylvania, 7 miles (11 km) northeast of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Huntingdon Valley Country Club	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayfield and Five Ashes is a civil parish in the High Weald of East Sussex, England.	Mayfield and Five Ashes	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kitzmeyer Furniture Factory, at 319 N. Carson St. in Carson City, Nevada, is a historic building built in 1873.	Kitzmeyer Furniture Factory	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zirmalleh (Persian: زيرمله‎, also Romanized as Zīrmalleh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Bushkan District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Zirmalleh	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieporaz (ɲeˈpɔras) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Alwernia, within Chrzanów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Nieporaz	Gmina Alwernia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peter Kirk Building, first known as the Kirkland Investment Company Building, is a historic building in Kirkland, Washington located at the corner of Market Street and Seventh Avenue, Kirkland's historic commercial core.	Peter Kirk Building	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luluhar (Persian: لولوهر‎, also Romanized as Lūlūhar) is a village in Avarzaman Rural District, Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Luluhar	Avarzaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takanlu (Persian: تكانلو‎, also Romanized as Takānlū) is a village in Ojarud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Takanlu	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murray Mallee is the grain-growing and sheep-farming area of South Australia bounded to the north and west by the Murray River, to the east by the Victorian border, and extending about 50 km south of the Mallee Highway.	Murray Mallee	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Venice Hills are a mountain range in Tulare County, California along the St. John's River in East Visalia.	Venice Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Ulm Oil Company Service Station is a historic gas station in New Ulm, Minnesota.	New Ulm Oil Company Service Station	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duttlenheim (German: Düttelnheim) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of Strasbourg, and approximately 20 km from the German border.	Duttlenheim	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyglądały (vɨɡlɔnˈdawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wyglądały	Gmina Jadów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palazzo Saporiti, also known as Palazzo Rocca-Saporiti, is a historic Neoclassical mansion in the centre of the north Italian city of Milan.	Palazzo Saporiti	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tukgahgo Mountain (TUG-a-ho) is located in the Takshanuk Mountains with a peak elevation of 4,675 feet (1,425 m) in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Tukgahgo Mountain	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Orchard Station, is a power plant located in Indian Orchard, Massachusetts, USA.	Indian Orchard Station	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangngagchhoeling Gewog (Dzongkha: གསང་སྔགས་ཆོས་གླིང་) is a gewog (village block) of Samtse District, Bhutan.	Sangngagchhoeling Gewog	Samtse District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Wieś Ełcka (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈɛu̯t͡ska) (German: Neuendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowa Wieś Ełcka	Gmina Ełk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobie Center, named after J. Frank Dobie, is a privately owned twenty-seven story residence hall located adjacent to the University of Texas at Austin campus.	Dobie Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dearborn Center for Math, Science and Technology (DCMST) is a specialized secondary education center with a four-year advanced, research based, science and math curriculum located in Dearborn Heights, Michigan.	Dearborn Center for Math, Science and Technology	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yazdan Shahr (Persian: يزدان شهر‎, also Romanized as Yazdanshahr; formerly, Yazdanabad (Persian: یزدان آباد), also Romanized as Yazdānābād and Yezdānābād) is a city in and capital of Yazdanabad District, in Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Yazdan Shahr	Yazdanabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalmanjan (Persian: كلمنجان‎, also Romanized as Kalmanjān) is a village in Qahab-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kalmanjan	Qahab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hockwold cum Wilton (``Hock/mallow wood and willow-tree farm/settlement'') is 10 miles west of Thetford, Norfolk, England and is in the borough of King's Lynn and West Norfolk.	Hockwold cum Wilton	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harku Parish (Estonian: Harku vald) is a rural municipality in Harju County, northern Estonia, located west and neighbouring the capital Tallinn.	Harku Parish	Harju County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pozo de Jacinto (English: Jacinto's Pit Cave) is a pit cave located at Jobos Beach in the northwestern Puerto Rican municipality of Isabela on Puerto Rico Highway 466.	Pozo de Jacinto	Puerto Rico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northwood Gratitude and Honor Memorial is a memorial in Irvine, California to American troops that lost their lives in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.	Northwood Gratitude and Honor Memorial	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Macaé (Portuguese pronunciation: (mɐkɐˈɛ)) is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro, 180 km northeast of the state capital.	Macaé	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barf Anbar (Persian: برف انبار‎, also Romanized as Barf Anbār) is a city in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Barf Anbar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Mary of the Assumption High School is a small Catholic high school on Broad Street in Elizabeth, in Union County, New Jersey, United States.	St. Mary of the Assumption High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bingham Military School was the state of North Carolina's first military school, founded in 1826 by Capt. D.H. Bingham, with the intention of providing more accessible training for military officers.	Bingham Military School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chapel of the Holy Shroud (Italian: Cappella della Sacra Sindone) is a Baroque-style Roman Catholic chapel in Turin in northern Italy.	Chapel of the Holy Shroud	Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackfriars Theatre and Arts Centre is a theatre and community centre situated in Spain Lane, Boston, Lincolnshire, England.	Blackfriars Theatre and Arts Centre	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nafech (Persian: نافچ‎, also Romanized as Nāfech and Nāfch; also known as Nafeh and Nafej) is a city in the Central District of Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Nafech	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lostwood Wetland Management District is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and extends from the Canadian border and to the neighboring state of Montana.	Lostwood Wetland Management District	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shir Daneh (Persian: شيردانه‎, also Romanized as Shīr Dāneh) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shir Daneh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perry-Foley Airport (IATA: FPY, FAA LID: 40J) is a public-use airport located 3 miles (4.8 km) south of the central business district of the city of Perry in Taylor County, Florida, United States.	Perry-Foley Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Locusts, also known as the Peter Eltinge House, is a 19th-century brick Federal style house built in 1826 located on Plains Road in the Town of New Paltz, New York, United States, two miles (3 km) south of the village of New Paltz.	The Locusts	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palos Verdes Library District (PVLD) is an independent special-purpose library district serving the 69,843 residents of the Palos Verdes Peninsula in Southern California.	Palos Verdes Library District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kucieje (kuˈt͡ɕejɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kucieje	Gmina Baranowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robbinsdale Cooper High School is a public secondary school located in New Hope, Minnesota, a northwest suburb of Minneapolis.	Robbinsdale Cooper High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Pękoszewska (ˈvɔla pɛŋkɔˈʂɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Pękoszewska	Gmina Kowiesy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Habost (Scottish Gaelic: Tàbost) is the name of two crofting townships on the Isle of Lewis in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.	Habost	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cleiman Mound and Village Site is a prehistoric archaeological site located near the Mississippi River in Jackson County, Illinois.	Cleiman Mound and Village Site	Jackson County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodenik (Serbian Cyrillic: Боденик) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bodenik	Bileća
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDTF-LP (107.9 FM) is a Catholic religious formatted low-power broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Berkeley Springs, West Virginia, USA.	WDTF-LP	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	History Park at Kelley Park (or just History Park) in San Jose, California, USA is designed as an indoor/outdoor museum, arranged to appear as a small US town might have in the early 1900s (decade).	History Park at Kelley Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frost Valley YMCA is a camping, environmental education, and conferencing center located in Claryville, New York, part of the Catskill Mountains.	Frost Valley YMCA	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirlan (Persian: سيرلان‎, also Romanized as Sīrlān and Sirelān; also known as Sariland, Sharīfābād, and Shrīfābād) is a village in Babarashani Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sirlan	Babarashani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefid Khani-ye Vosta (Persian: سفيدخاني وسطي‎, also Romanized as Sefīd Khānī-ye Vosţá) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County Ilam Province, Iran.	Sefid Khani-ye Vosta	Zangvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvorchan (Persian: خورچان‎, also Romanized as Khvorchān, Khowrchān, and Khūrchān; also known as Kharchūn, Khorchūn, and Khorechūn) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District, Jolgeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Khvorchan	Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pyramid Club is a nightclub in the East Village of Manhattan, New York City.	Pyramid Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joseph Haile House (or Gardner House) is an historic house at 106 George Street in the College Hill neighborhood of Providence, Rhode Island.	Joseph Haile House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bjoka Gewog (Dzongkha: འབྱོག་ཀ་) is a gewog (village block) of Zhemgang District, Bhutan.	Bjoka Gewog	Zhemgang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Self-Realization Fellowship Lake Shrine lies a few blocks from the Pacific Ocean, on Sunset Boulevard in Pacific Palisades, California.	Self-Realization Fellowship Lake Shrine	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of St George, Chester Road, Hulme, Manchester, is an early Gothic Revival church by Francis Goodwin, built in 1826-8.	Church of St George, Chester Road, Hulme	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veliki Slatnik (pronounced (ˈʋeːliki ˈslaːtnik)) is a settlement in the hills east of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Veliki Slatnik	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalmureh (Persian: چال موره‎, also Romanized as Chālmūreh) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chalmureh	Babuyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kau Pei Chau (Chinese: 狗髀洲) is an islet located off the coast of Hong Kong Island,about 50 metres off the tip of Cape D'Aguilar.	Kau Pei Chau	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ottershaw is a village in the Runnymede district of Surrey, England about 20 miles to the south-west of London.	Ottershaw	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiesmoor is a city in the district of Aurich in the northwest of Lower Saxony.	Wiesmoor	Aurich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inverleith (Scottish Gaelic: Inbhir Lìte) is an inner suburb in the north of Edinburgh, Scotland, on the fringes of the central region of the city.	Inverleith	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wysokie Brodno (vɨˈsɔkʲɛ ˈbrɔdnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wysokie Brodno	Gmina Zbiczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boston Manufacturing Company Housing are historic residential housing blocks at 380-410 and 153-165 River Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.	Boston Manufacturing Company Housing	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Île Chevreau is an island off the north coast of Saint Barthélemy in the Caribbean.	Île Chevreau	Saint Barthélemy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haydenville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the traditional village of Haydenville in Williamsburg, Massachusetts.	Haydenville Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Houxi Town (simplified Chinese: 后溪; traditional Chinese: 後溪; pinyin: Hòuxī; literally: ``back creek'') is a township-level division of Jimei District, Xiamen City, Fujian, China.	Houxi	Jimei District
located in the administrative territorial entity	J. J. Kelly High School is a former public high school in Wise, Virginia.	J. J. Kelly High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tidmarsh is a village and civil parish in West Berkshire England.	Tidmarsh	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Air Command and Staff College (ACSC) is located at Maxwell Air Force Base in Montgomery, Alabama and is the United States Air Force's intermediate level Professional Military Education (PME) school.	Air Command and Staff College	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khatam County (Persian: شهرستان خاتم‎) is a county in Yazd Province in Iran.	Khatam County	Yazd Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tirazabad (Persian: طيرزاباد‎, also Romanized as Ţīrazābād; also known as Ţarīzābād, Terīzābād, Tīrīzābād, and Tirjābād) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Tirazabad	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seiwa-en is a Japanese strolling garden located in the Missouri Botanical Garden, St Louis, Missouri, in the Midwestern United States.	Seiwa-en	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The A. Gary Anderson Graduate School of Management (commonly known as AGSM), is a part of the UCR School of Business Administration located at the University of California, Riverside.	A. Gary Anderson Graduate School of Management	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giles Weather Station (also referred to as Giles Meteorological Station or Giles) is located in Western Australia near the Northern Territory border, about 750 kilometres (470 mi) West-South-West of Alice Springs and 330 kilometres (210 mi) West of Uluru.	Giles Weather Station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNST (1570 kHz) is a sports radio station located in Towson, Maryland, near Baltimore.	WNST	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rangeley Lake Seaplane Base (FAA LID: M57) is a privately owned, public use seaplane base on Rangeley Lake, located two nautical miles (4 km) north of the central business district of Rangeley, a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.	Rangeley Lake Seaplane Base	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Franz railway station is a railway station located in the community of Franz, Unorganized North part Algoma District, northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Franz railway station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kendall Inn is a historic hotel located in Boerne, Texas, United States, that originally opened in 1859.	Kendall Inn	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Markaziy Harbiy Sportklubi Army Stadium, commonly known as the MHSK Stadium was a multi-use stadium in the Chilanzar area of Tashkent, Uzbekistan.	MHSK Stadium	Tashkent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andipattakkadu is a village and Gram panchayat in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Andipattakkadu	Ariyalur district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Francovich House, at 557 Washington St. in Reno, Nevada, was built during 1899-1900.	Francovich House	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakabeka Falls Generating Station is a hydroelectric facility operated by Ontario Power Generation on the bank of the Kaministiquia River, 2 km (1.2 mi) downstream from Kakabeka Falls in the community of Kakabeka Falls, Ontario, 30 km (19 mi) west of Thunder Bay.	Kakabeka Falls Generating Station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molalla High School is a public high school of in Molalla, Oregon, United States.	Molalla High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Linden Street Bridge is a historic bridge on the abandoned Central Massachusetts Railroad over Linden Street (Massachusetts Route 60) in Waltham, Massachusetts.	Linden Street Bridge	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shops at Westshore, formerly Westshore Mall, is an enclosed shopping mall in Holland, Michigan.	The Shops at Westshore	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karkan-e Pain (Persian: كركان پائين‎, also Romanized as Karkān-e Pā’īn and Karakān-Pā’īn; also known as Garakān-e Soflá and Karkān-e Soflá) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Saruq District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Karkan-e Pain	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodberry Forest School is a private, all-male boarding school located in Woodberry Forest, Madison County, Virginia, in the United States.	Woodberry Forest School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lungotevere Salvo D'Acquisto is the stretch of Lungotevere that connects Piazzale Cardinal Consalvi to the lungotevere dell'Acqua Acetosa, in Rome, in the Parioli district.	Lungotevere Salvo D'Acquisto	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Licensed to Georgetown, Kentucky, USA, WWTF serves the Lexington Metro Area.	WWTF	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skandławki (skanˈdwafki) (German Skandlack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Skandławki	Gmina Srokowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Statham's Quarry (also known as Darling Range Quarry, and then Perth City Council's Darling Range Quarry after 1920) is the site of a quarry on the Darling Scarp on the southern side of the entrance of the Helena River valley on to the Swan Coastal Plain in Perth, Western Australia.	Statham's Quarry	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vazireh (Persian: وزيره‎, also Romanized as Vazīreh; also known as Vazīrch) is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Vazireh	Rizab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palkot block is one of the twelve administrative blocks of Gumla district in the state of Jharkhand, India.	Palkot block	Gumla district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cherokee Strip Regional Heritage Center (CSRHC) museum at the eastern edge of Enid, Oklahoma focuses on the history and culture of the Cherokee Outlet and the Land Run of September, 16, 1893.	Cherokee Strip Regional Heritage Center	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Zu ol Faqar (Persian: ده ذوالفقار‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Z̄ū ol Faqār, Deh-e Z̄owlfaqār, Deh Z̄owifaqār, Deh Z̄owlfaqār, and Deh Zulfiqār) is a village in Zalian Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Deh-e Zu ol Faqar	Zalian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Zawada (ˈnɔva zaˈvada) (German: Sternau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Nowa Zawada	Gmina Baruchowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pyrénées-Orientales is part of the region of Languedoc-Roussillon-Midi-Pyrénées.	Pyrénées-Orientales	Languedoc-Roussillon-Midi-Pyrénées
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodegraven-Reeuwijk is a municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland with a population of 33,036 in 2014.	Bodegraven-Reeuwijk	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arnold Lava Tube System (or Arnold system) is series of lava tubes within Deschutes County, Oregon, of the United States.	Arnold Lava Tube System	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saqba (Arabic: سقبا‎; also spelled Sakba or Siqba) is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Markaz Rif Dimashq District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, 7 km east of central Damascus.	Saqba	Markaz Rif Dimashq
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Napoleon House, also known as the Mayor Girod House or Nicolas Girod House, is a historic building at 500 Chartres Street in the French Quarter of New Orleans, Louisiana, United States.	Napoleon House	New Orleans
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ambrose School is a classical Christian school in Meridian, Idaho.	The Ambrose School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henjam (Persian: هنجام‎, also Romanized as Henjām; also known as Henjān) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Henjam	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kõpu Parish (Estonian: Kõpu vald) is a rural municipality of Estonia, in Viljandi County.	Kõpu Parish	Viljandi County
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Eye Peak is part of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.	One Eye Peak	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahn Qaleh (Persian: كهن قلعه‎, also Romanized as Kahn Qal``eh and Kohan Qal``eh) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 5 families.	Kahn Qaleh	Chahar Gonbad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chrustowice (xrustɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatowiec, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Chrustowice	Gmina Opatowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guannan County (simplified Chinese: 灌南县; traditional Chinese: 灌南縣; pinyin: Guànnán Xiàn) is under the administration of Lianyungang, Jiangsu province, China.	Guannan County	Lianyungang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuravash-e Sofla (Persian: شورواش سفلي‎, also Romanized as Shūravāsh-e Soflá) is a village in Bazan Rural District, in the Central District of Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shuravash-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alviyeh-ye Zahra (Persian: علويه زهرا‎, also Romanized as ʿAlvīyeh-ye Zahrā) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Alviyeh-ye Zahra	Esmailiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ludlow Street Jail was New York City's Federal prison, located on Ludlow Street and Broome Street in Manhattan.	Ludlow Street Jail	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ennejma Ezzahra (``Star of Zahra'', sometimes spelled Nejma Ezzohara), is a palace at Sidi Bou Said, in northern Tunisia, built by Baron Rodolphe d'Erlanger (1872--1932) as his home there.	Ennejma Ezzahra	Sidi Bou Said
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMXZ (95.9 FM, ``Mix 96'') is a radio station licensed to Isle of Palms, South Carolina, USA, serving the South Carolina Lowcountry.	WMXZ	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borj-e Zanganlu (Persian: برج زنگانلو‎, also Romanized as Borj-e Zangānlū, Borj-e Zangālī, Borj Zangalanlū, and Burj Zanganali; also known as Borj) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Borj-e Zanganlu	Atrak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brockton Brightfield in Brockton, Massachusetts is a solar power plant in New England.	Brockton Brightfield	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaltandar-e Olya (Persian: كلتندرعليا‎, also Romanized as Kaltandar-e ``Olyā) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 93, in 17 families.	Kaltandar-e Olya	Qaleh Tall Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Côte Basque was a New York restaurant.	La Côte Basque	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The polder is part of three municipalities: the western part, including the hamlet Bisschopswetering and half of the village of Mastenbroek, lies in Kampen; the southeastern part lies in Zwolle; and the northeastern part, including the hamlet of Nieuwe Wetering and the other half of the village of Mastenbroek, lies in Zwartewaterland.	Mastenbroek	Zwartewaterland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Naked Ladies are a statue complex on a rockery and water cascade in the gardens of York House, Twickenham, in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, England.	The Naked Ladies	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cemmaes Road (Welsh: Glantwymyn) is a village in Powys, Wales.	Cemmaes Road	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stubienko (stuˈbjɛŋkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stubno, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Stubienko	Gmina Stubno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oscar Leibhart Site, designated (36YO9) is a historic archaeological site located at Lower Windsor Township, York County, Pennsylvania.	Oscar Leibhart Site	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tehatta is the headquarters of the Tehatta subdivision in Nadia district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Tehatta	Nadia district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rheingrafenstein Castle is a castle on a 136-metre-high (446 ft) porphyry rock formation, the Rheingrafenstein, known as Huhinstein a thousand years, on the river Nahe, opposite Bad Münster am Stein-Ebernburg in the district Bad Kreuznach.	Rheingrafenstein Castle	Bad Münster am Stein-Ebernburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Helmsdale is a small settlement, lying on the right bank of the River Helmsdale, on the east coast of Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	West Helmsdale	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Rudan-e Yek (Persian: ميانرودان1‎, also Romanized as Mīān Rūdān-e Yek; also known as Meyān Rūdān and Mīān Rūdān) is a village in Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Mian Rudan-e Yek	Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMFX-FM ``102.5 The Fox'' is a radio station in Rochester, Minnesota airing a country music format.	KMFX-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brawdy (Welsh: Breudeth) is a village and parish and community in Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Brawdy	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lasata was the childhood summer home of future First Lady of the United States Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis in East Hampton, New York until she was about 12.	Lasata	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Louise Arbour Secondary School is a high school located in Brampton, Ontario, operating under the Peel District School Board.	Louise Arbour Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phuentshogpelri Gewog (Dzongkha: ཕུན་ཚོགས་དབལ་རི་) is a gewog (village block) of Samtse District, Bhutan.	Phuentshogpelri Gewog	Samtse District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Widowo (viˈdɔvɔ) (Ukrainian: Видово, Vydovo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Widowo	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faber Double-Crib Barn is a historic barn located near Kenna, Jackson County, West Virginia.	Faber Double-Crib Barn	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sidna Allen House is a historic house located near the town of Fancy Gap, in Carroll County, Virginia.	Sidna Allen House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aspås (from Old Norse Öspáss 'aspen ridge') is a locality situated in Krokom Municipality, Jämtland County, Sweden with 375 inhabitants in 2010.	Aspås	Krokom Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nunnykirk is a civil parish in the county of Northumberland in England.	Nunnykirk	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Mountain Concert Hall is a historic performance hall in Pittsfield, Massachusetts.	South Mountain Concert Hall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahnuj Sadat (Persian: كهنوج سادات‎, also Romanized as Kahnūj Sādāt; also known as Kahnūj) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahnuj Sadat	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mozaffari-ye Shomali (Persian: مظفري شمالي‎, also Romanized as Moz̧affarī-ye Shomālī; also known as Moz̧affarī) is a village in Liravi-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Deylam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Mozaffari-ye Shomali	Liravi-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanie-Dąb (ˈsaɲe ˈdɔmp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sanie-Dąb	Gmina Kołaki Kościelne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thompson Observatory is an astronomical observatory at Beloit College in Beloit, Wisconsin.	Thompson Observatory	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Forsyth High School is a public high school, built in 1989, located in Cumming, Georgia, a suburb northeast of Atlanta, Georgia.	South Forsyth High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandford St. Martin is a village and civil parish in West Oxfordshire about 6.5 miles (10.5 km) east of Chipping Norton and about 9 miles (14 km) south of Banbury.	Sandford St. Martin	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Poe Elementary School bombing was a school bombing that occurred in Houston, Texas, United States on September 15, 1959.	Poe Elementary School bombing	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johnson College is a private, coeducational two-year college located in Scranton, Pennsylvania.	Johnson College	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sibley State Park is a Minnesota state park near New London, on the shores of Lake Andrew.	Sibley State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dadong District (simplified Chinese: 大东区; traditional Chinese: 大東區; pinyin: Dàdōng qū; literally: ``great east'') is one of nine districts of Shenyang, the capital of Liaoning province, People's Republic of China, and forms part of the urban core.	Dadong District	Shenyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ilimaussaq intrusive complex is a large alkalic layered intrusion located on the southwest coast of Greenland.	Ilimaussaq intrusive complex	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPRV (790 AM, ``AM 790'') is a radio station located in Providence, Rhode Island.	WPRV	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jessop's Clock is a large outdoor pendulum clock located in San Diego, California, USA.	Jessop's Clock	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mihanabad (Persian: ميهن اباد‎, also Romanized as Mīhanābād; also known as Mīhanābād-e Shomālī) is a village in Bostan Rural District, Bostan District, Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mihanabad	Bostan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coffin Shop, also known as the Kring Carpenter Shop, is a historic commercial building in Gainesville, Sumter County, Alabama.	Coffin Shop	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bouley is a contemporary French restaurant located at 163 Duane Street (between Greenwich Street and Hudson Street), in Tribeca in Manhattan, in New York City.	Bouley	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quicken Loans Arena, commonly known as ``The Q'', is a multi-purpose arena in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, United States.	Quicken Loans Arena	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Conrad Observatory is the only observatory of this particular type and is located on top of the Trafelberg (1146 m above the Adriatic) next to Muggendorf, municipality Pernitz in Lower Austria, approximately 45 km southwest of Vienna.	Conrad Observatory	Lower Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowrudbar (Persian: نورودبار‎, also Romanized as Nowrūdbār) is a village in Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nowrudbar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humanities Preparatory Academy (also known as Humanities Prep) is a public high school located in the Chelsea section of Manhattan in New York City, with an enrollment of 209.	Humanities Preparatory Academy	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mnich-Ośrodek (ˈmnix ɔˈɕrɔdɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oporów, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mnich-Ośrodek	Gmina Oporów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haas-Lilienthal House at 2007 Franklin Street, San Francisco, California, USA is the city's only intact Victorian era home that is open regularly as a museum, complete with authentic furniture and artifacts.	Haas-Lilienthal House	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New York City Lab School for Collaborative Studies is a secondary school in the Chelsea neighbourhood of Manhattan in New York City.	New York City Lab School for Collaborative Studies	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mittivakkat Glacier is located in southeast Greenland, and is part of the largest ice field on Ammassalik Island.	Mittivakkat Glacier	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort San Jose is a former Spanish fortification on the island of Guam, now a United States territory.	Fort San Jose	Guam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sovinj-e Sofla (Persian: سونج سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sovīnj-e Soflá; also known as Sovīch-e Pā'īn) is a village in Barvanan-e Gharbi Rural District, Torkamanchay District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sovinj-e Sofla	Barvanan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chumeh-ye Seyyed Alvan (Persian: چومه سيدعلوان‎, also Romanized as Chūmeh-ye Seyyed Alvān) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chumeh-ye Seyyed Alvan	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Weminuche Wilderness is a wilderness area in southwest Colorado managed by the United States Forest Service as part of the San Juan National Forest on the west side of the Continental Divide and the Rio Grande National Forest on the east side of the divide.	Weminuche Wilderness	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suthep (Thai: สุเทพ) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Mai District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Suthep	Mueang Chiang Mai
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barrachois Harbour Yacht Club (BHYC) was founded in 1996 and is a private, registered, not-for-profit yacht club located in Barrachois Harbour, northern Nova Scotia, Canada, 1.58 nautical miles east-northeast of the village of Tatamagouche with access to the Northumberland Strait across Amet Sound.	Barrachois Harbour Yacht Club	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilson is a historic Renaissance Revival apartment building located at 643 Fort Wayne Avenue in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.	The Wilson	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apache Mall is the largest enclosed shopping space in Rochester, Minnesota.	Apache Mall	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falconhead Airport (FAA LID: 37K) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (2.3 mi, 3.7 km) northwest of the central business district of Burneyville, in Love County, Oklahoma, United States.	Falconhead Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Qishah (Persian: قره قيشه‎, also Romanized as Qarah Qīshah; also known as Qaraqeshteh and Qarqashah) is a village in Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Qishah	Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rivoli is a bar, restaurant and performance space, established in 1982, on Queen Street West in Toronto, Ontario.	The Rivoli	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skarbiszowice (skarbiʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Seifersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tułowice, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Skarbiszowice	Gmina Tułowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tudar-e Samadi (Persian: تودارصمدي‎, also Romanized as Tūdār-e Şamadī; also known as Tū’ī Dar Samadī and Tu Yi Dar Samdi) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tudar-e Samadi	Sarab Qamish Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nurina Land District is a land district (cadastral division) of Western Australia, located within the Eucla Land Division on the Nullarbor Plain.	Nurina Land District	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calera de Tango is a Chilean commune in the Maipo Province, Santiago Metropolitan Region.	Calera de Tango	Maipo Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canadian National Exhibition Stadium (commonly known as Exhibition Stadium and CNE Stadium) was a multi-purpose stadium that formerly stood on the Exhibition Place grounds, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Exhibition Stadium	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar Shoals High School is a high school established in 1972 in Athens, Georgia, in the Clarke County School District.	Cedar Shoals High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pueblo Federal Building is a historic government building in Pueblo, Colorado, United States.	Pueblo Federal Building	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wassama Round House State Historic Park is in the Sierra Nevada foothills, in Madera County of central California.	Wassama Round House State Historic Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joy Theater is a theater and historic landmark built in 1947 on Canal Street in downtown New Orleans, Louisiana.	Joy Theater	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębniałki Kaliskie (dɛmbˈɲau̯ki kaˈliskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dębniałki Kaliskie	Gmina Blizanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTCZ-FM (97.1 FM, ``Cities 97'') is a Modern adult contemporary radio station broadcasting to the Twin Cities market of Minnesota and neighboring Wisconsin.	KTCZ-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iffley is a village in a designated Conservation Area in Oxfordshire, England.	Iffley	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Íþróttarhúsið á Torfnesi, known colloquially as Jakinn or Ísjakinn, is a multi-purpose indoor arena in Ísafjörður, Iceland.	Íþróttarhúsið á Torfnesi	Ísafjörður
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tha Nang Ngam (Thai: ท่านางงาม) is a sub-district in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Tha Nang Ngam	Bang Rakam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piekło Górne (ˈpjɛkwɔ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Piekło Górne	Gmina Przywidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wittlingen is a town in the southwestern German state of Baden-Württemberg, part of the district Lörrach.	Wittlingen	Lörrach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steven's Creek Heritage Preserve is a nature preserve in the US State of South Carolina.	Steven's Creek Heritage Preserve	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vahto was one of the 18 municipalities in the Turku region, and due to its close proximity to the center of Turku (about 20 km), it may also be considered part of the Turku metropolitan area.	Vahto	Turku
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Girard Academic Music Program (GAMP) is a magnet secondary school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Girard Academic Music Program	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Outlet Falls is a 69-foot plunge fed by Outlet Creek which flows out of farmland in Yakima County, Washington.	Outlet Falls	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Howard Taft National Historic Site is a National Historic Site in Cincinnati, Ohio, maintained by the National Park Service of the United States.	William Howard Taft National Historic Site	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harbour Main, formerly Harbour Main-Whitbourne and Harbour Main-Bell Island, is a provincial electoral district for the House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Harbour Main	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palazzo della Consulta (built 1732-1735) is a late Baroque palace in central Rome, Italy, that since 1955 houses the Constitutional Court of the Italian Republic.	Palazzo della Consulta	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDKN (1260 AM) is a radio station operating in Dickson, Tennessee, on a frequency of 1260 kHz.	WDKN	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohawk Racetrack is a harness racing track in Campbellville, Ontario.	Mohawk Racetrack	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Codrongianos (Codronzànu or Codronzànos in Sardinian language) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 170 kilometres (110 mi) north of Cagliari and about 13 kilometres (8 mi) southeast of Sassari.	Codrongianos	Province of Sassari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varden Amfi is a football venue in Bergen, Norway.	Varden Amfi	Bergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phoenix Mountains are a mountain range located in central Phoenix, Arizona.	Phoenix Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Volkmarsen is a small town in Waldeck-Frankenberg district in northern Hesse, Germany.	Volkmarsen	Waldeck-Frankenberg	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waldkappel is a small town in the Werra-Meißner-Kreis in northern Hesse, Germany.	Waldkappel	Werra-Meißner-Kreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonkuy-e Kazemi (Persian: بنكوي كاظمي‎, also Romanized as Bonkūy-e Kāz̧emī) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bonkuy-e Kazemi	Khvajehei Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mollasalar (Persian: ملاسالار‎, also Romanized as Mollāsālār; also known as Malānsālār) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Mollasalar	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amman Governorate, officially known as Muhafazat al-Asima (Arabic محافظة العاصمة, English translation: The Capital Governorate), is one of the governorates in Jordan.	Amman Governorate	Jordan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiley College is a four-year, private, historically black, liberal arts college located on the west side of Marshall, Texas.	Wiley College	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torbat-e Jam County (Persian: شهرستان تربت جام‎) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran.	Torbat-e Jam County	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bisrakh is a village of Greater Noida, in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, believed to be the birthplace of the mythological king Ravana of the epic Ramayana, who is called the ``Maha Brahman.''	Bisrakh	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lown-e Kohneh (Persian: لون كهنه‎; also known as Loon, Lown, Lowneh Kown, Lown-e Kohan, Lūn, and Lūneh Kūn) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Lown-e Kohneh	Zhavehrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayanchoqlu (Persian: باينچقلو‎, also Romanized as Bāyanchoqlū, Bāyencheqlū, and Bāyenchqolū; also known as Banch Khali, Bāyenjeqlū, and Bāyenj Qolī) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Bayanchoqlu	Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadabad-e Khazai (Persian: احمدابادخزائي‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Khazā’ī; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Pain Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Khazai	Pain Rokh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rio Maior (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈʁiu mɐˈjɔɾ)) is a municipality in the Santarém District in Portugal.	Rio Maior	Santarém District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pierre Werner Cricket Ground, also known as the Walferdange Cricket Ground, is a cricket ground in Walferdange, in central Luxembourg.	Pierre Werner Cricket Ground	Walferdange
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piotrowice-Kolonia (pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garbów, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Piotrowice-Kolonia	Gmina Garbów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thumb Lake, also known as Lake Louise by the ``Lake Louise Camp'' community, is a kettle lake located in Hudson Township, Charlevoix County, Michigan.	Thumb Lake	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiaoliuqiu, Little Liuqiu, or Lamay Island (Chinese: 小琉球; pinyin: Xiǎo Liúqiú) is an island belonging to Taiwan administered as Liuqiu Township (琉球鄉; Liúqiú Xiāng) of Pingtung County.	Xiaoliuqiu	Pingtung County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hauppauge High School is a public high school and part of the Hauppauge Union Free School District located in Hauppauge, Suffolk County, Long Island, New York.	Hauppauge High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linjat (Finnish), Linjerna (Swedish) is a neighborhood of the Kallio district of Helsinki, Finland.	Linjat	Kallio	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warborough is a village and civil parish in South Oxfordshire, about 2.5 miles (4 km) north of Wallingford and about 9 miles (14 km) south of Oxford.	Warborough	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frelichów (frɛˈlixuf) (German: Fröhlichhof) is a village in Gmina Chybie, Cieszyn County, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Frelichów	Gmina Chybie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chihuly Garden and Glass is an exhibit in the Seattle Center showcasing the studio glass of Dale Chihuly.	Chihuly Garden and Glass	Seattle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czepów (ˈt͡ʂɛpuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Czepów	Gmina Uniejów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loaf Island (52°50'N 173°12E) is a small satellite of Attu Island in the Near Islands group at the extreme western end of the Aleutian Islands, Alaska.	Loaf Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osoyoos Lake State Park was a Washington state park in Okanogan County until it was sold to the city of Oroville and renamed Osoyoos Lake Veteran's Memorial Park.	Osoyoos Lake State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in the Debub Wollo Zone of the Amhara Region, this town has a latitude and longitude of 10°36′N 39°26′E. From the 1870s, Were Ilu had a Thursday market.	Were Ilu	Debub Wollo Zone
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bank of Burbank is a historic bank building in Burbank, Oklahoma.	Bank of Burbank	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canadian Forces Base Chilliwack (also CFB Chilliwack) was a Canadian Forces Base located in Chilliwack, British Columbia.	CFB Chilliwack	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponpethi (Tamil: பொன்பெத்தி ) is a village in the Avadaiyarkoilrevenue block of Pudukkottai district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Ponpethi	Pudukkottai district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rock Hill Farm, also known as the Davis-Stauffer Farm Complex, is a historic home and farm and national historic district located at Montgomery Township in Franklin County, Pennsylvania.	Rock Hill Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Red River Exhibition (or ``The EX'' for short) is a ten-day festival hosted every summer, in June, in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Red River Exhibition	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pietzmoor (literally ``Pietz Bog'') is a bog southeast of the town of Schneverdingen, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Pietzmoor	Schneverdingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Levi Snell House is a house with Greek Revival and Italianate architecture in Fayetteville, New York.	Levi Snell House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornhaugh is a civil parish and village in the city of Peterborough, Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom.	Thornhaugh	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lochgelly ( listen ; Gaelic: Loch Gheallaidh) is a town in Fife, Scotland.	Lochgelly	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Praia da Vitória (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈpɾajɐ ðɐ viˈtɔɾiɐ)), translated as the Beach of the Victory, is a municipality in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Praia da Vitória	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Saint Agnes College was a Catholic women's college located in the Mount Washington neighborhood of Baltimore, Maryland.	Mount Saint Agnes College	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hunter House Victorian Museum in Norfolk, Virginia, USA is a house museum.	Hunter House Victorian Museum	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bastarm-e Olya (Persian: بسترم عليا‎, also Romanized as Bastarm-e ``Olyā and Besterom-e Olyā) is a village in Hana Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 425, in 102 families.	Bastarm-e Olya	Hana Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niegibalice (ɲɛɡibaˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Niegibalice	Gmina Bytoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lingdong District (simplified Chinese: 岭东区; traditional Chinese: 嶺東區; pinyin: Lǐngdōng Qū) is a district of the city of Shuangyashan, Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Lingdong District	Shuangyashan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brewham is a civil parish in Somerset, England, consisting of the villages of North Brewham and South Brewham, on either side of the river in the Brue Valley 3 miles (4.8 km) east of Bruton and 9 miles (14.5 km) south-west of Frome in the South Somerset district.	Brewham	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiedrowo (kʲɛˈdrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kiedrowo	Gmina Wągrowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Laramie-Poudre Tunnel is an early transmountain tunnel in the U.S. state of Colorado.	Laramie-Poudre Tunnel	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downtown Oakland is the central business district of Oakland, California; roughly bounded by 6th Street or the Oakland Estuary on the southwest, Interstate 980 on the northwest, Grand Avenue on the northeast, and Lake Merritt on the east.	Downtown Oakland	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prenteg is a hamlet that lies 3 miles (4.8 km) from Porthmadog, Wales, between Tremadog and Beddgelert.	Prenteg	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakran (Persian: بكران‎, also Romanized as Bakrān and Bokrān) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Bakran	Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beckwith Island is the eastern of three islands in southeastern Georgian Bay in Ontario, Canada.	Beckwith Island	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choozhattukotta is a village situated on the perimeter of Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India.	Choozhattukotta	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Summerfield Schools is a public school district in Petersburg, Michigan.	Summerfield Schools	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alice Austen House, also known as Clear Comfort, is located at 2 Hylan Boulevard in the Rosebank section of Staten Island, New York City, New York.	Alice Austen House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingswinford is a suburban area of the Metropolitan Borough of Dudley, in the West Midlands, England.	Kingswinford	Dudley
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJMM-FM is a Christian radio station based in Lexington, Kentucky serving all of Central Kentucky.	WJMM-FM	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Graveyard of the Atlantic Museum is a maritime museum that focuses on the maritime history and shipwrecks of the Outer Banks of North Carolina.	Graveyard of the Atlantic Museum	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ben and Harriet Schulein House, also known as the Ben Schulein House, is a two-story historic residence located at 2604 Jackson Street, Sioux City, Iowa, in the United States.	Ben and Harriet Schulein House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahsavarlu (Persian: شهسوارلو‎, also Romanized as Shahsavārlū, Shāhsavārlū; also known as Eslāmābād (Persian: اسلام اباد), Shāsīvarī, Shasiwarri, and Shasuar) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Shahsavarlu	Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muggiò is a city (municipality) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 15 kilometres (9 mi) northeast of Milan.	Muggiò	Province of Monza and Brianza
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Rapids Roadhouse is a historic Alaskan structure along the Richardson Highway in east-central Alaska.	Black Rapids Roadhouse	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saleh Kucheri (Persian: صالح كوچري‎, also Romanized as Şāleḥ Kūcherī) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Saleh Kucheri	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steelhead Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located at the west end of Kamloops Lake near the town of Savona.	Steelhead Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mendon Ponds Park is a county park located southeast of Rochester, New York, within the suburban towns of Mendon and Pittsford.	Mendon Ponds Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minyip is a town in the Wimmera region of Victoria, Australia, 320 kilometres (199 mi) north west of Melbourne.	Minyip	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Addiscombe Railway Park, also known as the Addiscombe Linear Park, is managed by the London Borough of Croydon.	Addiscombe Railway Park	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kombihallen is an indoor arena for association football in Malmö, Sweden.	Kombihallen	Malmö
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Petersfriedhof or St. Peter's Cemetery is - together with the burial site at Nonnberg Abbey - the oldest cemetery in the Austrian city of Salzburg, located at the foot of the Festungsberg with Hohensalzburg Castle.	Petersfriedhof	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kerr Creek is a ghost town located in the Similkameen Division Yale Land region of British Columbia.	Kerr Creek	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowloon Rock (Chinese: 九龍石) is an island in the middle of Kowloon Bay in Hong Kong, near the runway of Kai Tak Airport.	Kowloon Rock	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muxton is an ancient village between Lilleshall and Donnington in Shropshire, England.	Muxton	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Ueam (Thai: บ้านเอื้อม) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Lampang District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 10,401 people.	Ban Ueam	Mueang Lampang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaffcombe is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 2 miles (3.2 km) north east of Chard in the South Somerset district.	Chaffcombe	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rim Kok (Thai: ริมกก) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Rai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Rim Kok	Mueang Chiang Rai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mentz Church is a historic community church located at Montezuma in Cayuga County, New York.	Mentz Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The SO36 club is a music club on Oranienstrasse near Heinrichplatz in the area of Kreuzberg in Berlin, Germany.	SO36	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 25 Clyde Street in Somerville, Massachusetts is an example of a vernacular brickworker's house in the area.	House at 25 Clyde Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hyatt Regency Columbus is a high-rise hotel in Columbus, Ohio.	Hyatt Regency Columbus	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dark Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington, 1.5 mi (2.4 km) northwest of Bonanza Peak, the tallest non-volcanic peak in the Cascade Range.	Dark Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nafer (Persian: نافر‎, also Romanized as Nāfer) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nafer	Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zard-e Sham (Persian: زردشمع‎) is a village in Jaghin-e Jonubi Rural District, Jaghin District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Zard-e Sham	Jaghin-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holly Grove Mansion, also known as Holly Grove Inn or Ruffner Mansion, is a historic home located at Charleston, West Virginia on the grounds of the West Virginia State Capitol.	Holly Grove Mansion	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wollaton Hall is an Elizabethan country house of the 1580s standing on a small but prominent hill in Wollaton Park, Nottingham, England.	Wollaton Hall	Nottingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Askam and Ireleth is a civil parish close to Barrow-in-Furness in the county of Cumbria, in North West England.	Askam and Ireleth	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alexander K. McClure School is a school of the School District of Philadelphia located in a historic school building located in the Hunting Park neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Alexander K. McClure School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sha Tsui (Chinese: 沙咀/沙嘴) was a headland in Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong.	Sha Tsui	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banc Du is a prominent, fairly flat-topped southwards-projecting promontory of Foel Eryr, at about 334m OD at the west end of the Preseli Hills in north Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Banc Du	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qinnguata Kuussua is a river in a valley of the same name in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland.	Qinnguata Kuussua	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cold Springs Station Site, west of Austin, Nevada, is a historic stagecoach station site that was active during 1861-1869 as a passenger and freight station, and later for freight.	Cold Springs Station Site	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBHQ (92.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Beverly Beach, Florida, serving Flagler County.	WBHQ	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oldfields School is a college preparatory school for girls in grades 8 through 12 in Sparks Glencoe, Maryland.	Oldfields School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Market Airport (FAA LID: 8W2) is a privately owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) west of the central business district of New Market, a town in Shenandoah County, Virginia, United States.	New Market Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieszowola (pjɛʂɔˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnowica, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Pieszowola	Gmina Sosnowica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Škarić (Cyrillic: Шкарић) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Šamac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Škarić	Šamac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ventfort Hall Mansion and Gilded Age Museum is a historic, Jacobean-style mansion and museum located at 104 Walker Street, Lenox, Massachusetts.	Ventfort Hall Mansion and Gilded Age Museum	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Adrian is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 35 km (22 mi) southwest of Campbell River and 3 km (2 mi) northwest of Alexandra Peak.	Mount Adrian	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capricorn Highway is located in Central Queensland, Australia, and links the city of Rockhampton with western Queensland.	Capricorn Highway	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hascosay (Old Norse ``Hafskotsey'') is a small island lying between Yell and Fetlar in the Shetland Islands, Scotland.	Hascosay	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kastellaun Castle (German: Burg Kastellaun) is a ruined medieval castle in Kastellaun in the Rhein-Hunsrück district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Kastellaun Castle	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lahjebin (Persian: لهجبين‎, also Romanized as Lahjebīn) is a village in Oryad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Lahjebin	Oryad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vito d'Asio (Friulian: Vît) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northeast of Pordenone.	Vito d'Asio	Province of Pordenone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Arapiles is a rock formation that rises about 140 metres (460 ft) AHD above the Wimmera plains in western Victoria, Australia.	Mount Arapiles	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anjeshesh (Persian: انجشش‎, also Romanized as Anjesash, Anjesesh, Anjīshesh, and Anjshesh) is a village in Baq Mej Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Anjeshesh	Baq Mej Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarvizak (Persian: طرويزك‎, also Romanized as Ţarvīzak; also known as Tabrīzak) is a village in Afshariyeh Rural District, Khorramdasht District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Tarvizak	Afshariyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thyatira Presbyterian Church, Cemetery, and Manse is a historic church at 220 White Road off NC 150 in Mill Bridge in Rowan County, North Carolina, near the town of Salisbury.	Thyatira Presbyterian Church, Cemetery, and Manse	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Briarcliff High School (BHS) is a public secondary school in Briarcliff Manor, New York that serves students in grades 9--12.	Briarcliff High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hezar Som (Persian: هزارسم‎, also Romanized as Hezār Som) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Hezar Som	Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Buenaventura Mission Aqueduct was a seven-mile long, stone and mortar aqueduct built in the late 18th and/or early 19th century to transport water from the Ventura River to the Mission San Buenaventura in Ventura, California.	San Buenaventura Mission Aqueduct	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tygart Lake State Park sits on 391 acres (1.58 km²) along the shores of Tygart Lake in Taylor County near Grafton, West Virginia, United States.	Tygart Lake State Park	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangmere is a village, civil parish, and electoral ward in the Chichester District of West Sussex, England.	Tangmere	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diergaarde Blijdorp (Official Dutch name: Stichting Koninklijke Rotterdamse Diergaarde, Foundation Royal Zoo of Rotterdam) is a zoo in the northwestern part of Rotterdam, one of the oldest zoos in the Netherlands.	Diergaarde Blijdorp	Rotterdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardasht-e Kalus (Persian: سردشت كالوس‎, also Romanized as Sardasht-e Kālūs) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sardasht-e Kalus	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozwadówka (rɔzvaˈdufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rozwadówka	Gmina Sosnówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sereshbar (Persian: سرشبار‎, also Romanized as Sereshbār and Sarashbar; also known as Chahārāshpar, Serīshbār, and Serīsh Bār) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District, Bizineh Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Sereshbar	Bizineh Rud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edward River, or Kyalite River, an anabranch of the Murray River and part of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the western Riverina region of south western New South Wales, Australia.	Edward River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chopul (Persian: چپول‎, also Romanized as Chopūl and Chapūl; also known as Chupul'') is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chopul	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Worksop is the largest town in the Bassetlaw district of Nottinghamshire, England, on the River Ryton at the northern edge of Sherwood Forest.	Worksop	Bassetlaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alhak (Persian: الهك‎, also Romanized as Elhak) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Alhak	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheatham Annex is a Naval Base, located near Williamsburg, Virginia on the York River approximately 35 miles northwest of Norfolk in the heart of the famous Jamestown--	Cheatham Annex	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domrud-e Amir-e Vosta (Persian: دم روداميروسطي‎, also Romanized as Domrūd-e Amīr-e Vosţá) is a village in Afrineh Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Domrud-e Amir-e Vosta	Afrineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niedów (ˈɲeduf) (German: Nieda, 1937-45: Wolfsberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgorzelec, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the German border.	Niedów	Gmina Zgorzelec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strigno (German: Striegen) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) east of Trento.	Strigno	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łempino (wɛmˈpinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łempino	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toroni (Greek: Τορώνη, ancient form: Torone) is an ancient Greek city and a former municipality in the southwest edge of Sithonia peninsula in Chalkidiki, Greece.	Toroni	Sithonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Istu Chah (Persian: ايستوچاه‎, also Romanized as Īstu Chāh) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Istu Chah	Dokuheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Padre Pio Shrine is an outdoor Roman Catholic shrine in the Landisville section of Buena, New Jersey dedicated to the 20th-century Italian saint Padre Pio and completed in 2002.	St. Padre Pio Shrine	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Philharmonic Dining Rooms is a public house at the corner of Hope Street and Hardman Street in Liverpool, Merseyside, England, and stands diagonally opposite the Liverpool Philharmonic Hall.	Philharmonic Dining Rooms	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gursharan Owsta (Persian: گورشران اوستا‎, also Romanized as Gūrsharān Owstā; also known as Kūrsharān) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gursharan Owsta	Mahur Berenji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torqabeh District (Persian: بخش طرقبه‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Torqabeh District	Torqabeh and Shandiz County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darupey (Persian: دروپي‎, also Romanized as Darūpey, Daroopey, and Darow Pay) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Darupey	Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wartburg College is a four-year liberal arts college of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America located in Waverly, Iowa.	Wartburg College	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angus Cobblestone Farmhouse and Barn Complex is a historic home and barn located at Benton in Yates County, New York.	Angus Cobblestone Farmhouse and Barn Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwasów (ˈkfasuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kwasów	Gmina Pacanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baniéré Koré is a commune and village in the Cercle of Nioro in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Baniéré Koré	Kayes Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverfront Towers is an apartment/condominium complex of three luxury high rise residential skyscrapers along the International Riverfront in Detroit, Michigan, United States.	Riverfront Towers	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sun National Bank Center, formerly known as Sovereign Bank Arena, is a $53-million, 10,500-seat arena in Trenton, in the U.S. state of New Jersey; was home to the Trenton Freedom of the PIFL and hosts other special events including family shows, sporting events and concerts.	Sun National Bank Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Cheshmeh-ye Nazem (Persian: چهارچشمه ناظم‎, also Romanized as Chahār Cheshmeh-ye Nāz̧em; also known as Chahār Cheshmeh) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Japelaq District, Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chahar Cheshmeh-ye Nazem	Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilder Park Conservatory is a conservatory and botanical garden located in Wilder Park at 225 Prospect Avenue in Elmhurst, Illinois.	Wilder Park Conservatory	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pedra de São Domingos is a rock formation located between the municipalities of Córrego do Bom Jesus and Gonçalves, Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Pedra de São Domingos	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	The USA International Speedway was an oval located near Lakeland, Florida, United States, that opened in 1995.	USA International Speedway	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anna Maria College (AMC) is a coeducational Catholic liberal arts college in Paxton, Massachusetts.	Anna Maria College	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sammamish River (also known as Sammamish Slough) flows through north King County, Washington for about 14 miles (23 km), draining Lake Sammamish into Lake Washington.	Sammamish River	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Olympic Rink was an ice hockey venue in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada that was located at the corner of Church Avenue and Charles Street in Winnipeg's North End.	Olympic Rink	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dylife is a former mining settlement in Powys, Wales, located at the head of Afon Twymyn in the Cambrian Mountains, one mile west of the road between Llanidloes and Llanbrynmair (B4518).	Dylife	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Macy's Herald Square, originally known as the R. H. Macy and Company Store, is the flagship of Macy's department stores, located on Herald Square in Manhattan, New York City.	Macy's Herald Square	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blue Jay Inn, located in Buffalo Creek, Colorado was built in the 1880s and has served the local working lumbermen as a boarding house, been a girls retreat, operated as an inn and a restaurant.	Blue Jay Inn	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalvík is on the western shore of Eyjafjörður in the valley of Svarfaðardalur.	Dalvík	Eyjafjörður
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Ricasoli (Maltese: Forti Rikażli) is a bastioned fort in Kalkara, Malta, which was built by the Order of Saint John between 1670 and 1698.	Fort Ricasoli	Kalkara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monte San Giusto is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) south of Ancona and about 14 kilometres (9 mi) southeast of Macerata.	Monte San Giusto	Province of Macerata
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Potsdam Gate (German: Potsdamer Tor) was one of the western gates of the Berlin Customs Wall, south of the still-standing Brandenburg Gate.	Potsdam Gate	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dahaneh Tangal (Persian: دهنه تنگل‎; also known as Dahaneh Tangal-e Āb Garm and Darb-e Tangal) is a village in Heruz Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dahaneh Tangal	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Augusta Health, formerly Augusta Medical Center, is a hospital in Fishersville, Virginia.	Augusta Health	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fiddington is a village and civil parish 2.5 miles (4 km) north-east of Nether Stowey, and 6 miles (10 km) north-west of Bridgwater in the Sedgemoor district of Somerset, England.	Fiddington	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newton North High School, formerly Newton High School, is the larger and longer-established of two public high schools in Newton, Massachusetts, with about 1738 students, the other being Newton South High School.	Newton North High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butzbach (German pronunciation: (ˈbʊtsbax)) is a town in the Wetteraukreis district in Hessen, Germany.	Butzbach	Wetteraukreis
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas Woodrow Wilson Boyhood Home is located in Columbia, South Carolina and was one of the childhood homes of the 28th President of the United States, Woodrow Wilson.	Thomas Woodrow Wilson Boyhood Home	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Janów (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈjanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonia Janów	Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Hills National Forest is located in southwestern South Dakota and northeastern Wyoming.	Black Hills National Forest	South Dakota	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carlos Bulosan Theatre (CBT) is a Filipino-Canadian, community-based, professional theatre in Toronto, Ontario that was founded after Carlos Bulosan.	Carlos Bulosan Theatre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halabcheh Camp (Persian: اردوگاه حلبچه‎ -- Ardūgāh Ḩalabcheh) is a village in Gowdin Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Halabcheh Camp	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cann Hall is a ward, and former civil parish, in the London Borough of Waltham Forest.	Cann Hall	London Borough of Waltham Forest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotka is located on the coast of the Gulf of Finland at the mouth of Kymi River and it is part of the Kymenlaakso region in southern Finland.	Kotka	Kymenlaakso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panzdah-e Khordad (Persian: پانزده خرداد‎, also Romanized as Pānzdah-e Khordād) is a village in Lumar Rural District, Central District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Panzdah-e Khordad	Lumar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Store Magleby is a Danish town, seat with Dragør of the Dragør Municipality, in the Region Hovedstaden.	Store Magleby	Dragør Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qandabad (Persian: قنداباد‎, also Romanized as Qandābād) is a village in Baghin Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qandabad	Baghin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSPK (104.7 FM, ``K-104.7'') is a CHR radio station licensed to Poughkeepsie, New York and broadcasting from studios in Fishkill.	WSPK	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filgah (Persian: فيلگاه‎, also Romanized as Fīlgāh) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Filgah	Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alexander Campbell Mansion, also known as Campbell Mansion or Alexander Campbell House was the home of minister Alexander Campbell and his family in West Virginia.	Alexander Campbell Mansion	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	T.Kallupatti, is a panchayat town in Madurai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	T.Kallupatti	Madurai district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esfajin (Persian: اسفجين‎, also Romanized as Esfajīn and Esfejīn; also known as Isbadzhin and Isbājin) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Esfajin	Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Adams Wilderness is a 47,708-acre (19,307 ha) wilderness area in the U.S. state of Washington managed by the U.S. Forest Service.	Mount Adams Wilderness	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pontotoc County Courthouse is a Late 19th and 20th Century Revival architectural style building located at the corner of 13th Street and Broadway Avenue in Ada, Oklahoma.	Pontotoc County Courthouse	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smith Academy, a combination junior and senior high, is a small public school in Hatfield, Massachusetts.	Smith Academy	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Ela is a mountain in the Albula Alps, overlooking Bergün, in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Piz Ela	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choqa Said (Persian: چقاسعيد‎, also Romanized as Choqā Sa``īd; also known as Choghā Sa``īd and Choqā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 530, in 127 families.	Choqa Said	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBLB is a Southern Gospel and Black Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Pulaski, Virginia, serving Pulaski and Pulaski County, Virginia.	WBLB	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Igbo Landing (alternatively written as Ibo Landing, Ebo Landing, or Ebos Landing) is a historic site in the sand and marshes of Dunbar Creek in St. Simons Island, Glynn County, Georgia.	Igbo Landing	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEMC broadcasts from the campus of Montana State University-Billings.	KEMC	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halifax Transit is a Canadian public transport agency operating buses and ferries in Nova Scotia's Halifax Regional Municipality (HRM).	Halifax Transit	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Khoshkeh (Persian: دره خشكه‎) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Darreh Khoshkeh	Kalatrazan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monte Sano State Park is a publicly owned recreation area and mountaintop retreat encompassing 2,140 acres (870 ha) on the eastern portion of the top and slopes of Monte Sano Mountain on the east side of Huntsville, Alabama.	Monte Sano State Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sud Kola (Persian: سودكلا‎, also Romanized as Sūd Kolā) is a village in Banaft Rural District, Dodangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sud Kola	Banaft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Careil is a fortified house in the commune of Guérande in the Loire-Atlantique département of France.	Château de Careil	Guérande
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savage Dam is a dam across the Otay River in southern San Diego County, California.	Savage Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurab Dagchi (Persian: گوراب دگچي‎, also Romanized as Gūrāb Dagchī; also known as Dagchī) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gurab Dagchi	Chelo Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turahi (Persian: تورهي‎, also Romanized as Tūrahī) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District, Tashan District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Turahi	Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Medina Valley, also known as the Medina River Valley, is an area in south central Texas containing the Medina River, Lake Medina, and the Medina Dam.	Medina Valley	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQYZ (92.5 FM, ``92.5 The Beat'') is a radio station located in Biloxi, Mississippi, USA, that plays urban adult contemporary hits.	WQYZ	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dezg-e Pain (Persian: دزگپايين‎, also Romanized as Dezg-e Pā’īn and Dezag-e Pā’īn) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dezg-e Pain	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Central District (Chinese: 中西區; pinyin: Zhōngxī Qū; Wade--Giles: Chung-hsi Chü; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tiong-se-khu) is a district located in the central of Tainan City, Taiwan.	West Central District	Tainan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lost Pass is a mountain pass in the Olympic Mountains state of Washington.	Lost Pass	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thillens Stadium is a two-field baseball stadium in Chicago, Illinois.	Thillens Stadium	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPJX 1500 is an AM radio station, licensed to Zion, Illinois, that has aired a Spanish format since February 2011.	WPJX	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tańsk-Przedbory (ˈtaɲsk pʂɛdˈbɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tańsk-Przedbory	Gmina Dzierzgowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahulara (Bengali: বহুলাড়া) is a census village under Onda II village panchayat, in Bankura district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Bahulara	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The W. B. Davis Hosiery Mill (also known as the Alabama Builders' Hardware Manufacturing Company Complex) is a historic industrial complex in Fort Payne, Alabama.	W. B. Davis Hosiery Mill	Fort Payne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buffalo Ridge is sixty miles long and runs through Lincoln County, Pipestone County, Murray County, Nobles County, and Rock County in the southwest corner of Minnesota.	Buffalo Ridge	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahid Ab Shanasan Garrison (Persian: پادگان شهيد آب شناسان‎ -- Pādegān-e Shahīd Āb Shanāsān) is a village and military installation in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District, Anzal District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shahid Ab Shanasan Garrison	Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilczyny (vilˈt͡ʂɨnɨ) (German Wolfshagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Wilczyny	Gmina Srokowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefid Jan (Persian: سفيدجان‎, also Romanized as Sefīd Jān) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sefid Jan	Dughayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadwell Lake, sometimes called Broadwell Dry Lake, is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County, California, 75 km (47 mi) east of Barstow.	Broadwell Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aix Cathedral (French: Cathédrale Saint-Sauveur d'Aix-en-Provence) in Aix-en-Provence in southern France is a Roman Catholic cathedral and the seat of the Archbishop of Aix.	Aix Cathedral	Aix-en-Provence
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edwin C. Denby High School is a public secondary education school located at 12800 Kelly Road in northeastern Detroit, Michigan.	Denby High School	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée de la Chasse et de la Nature (Museum of Hunting and Nature) is a private museum of hunting and nature located at 62, rue des Archives, 3rd arrondissement of Paris, France.	Musée de la Chasse et de la Nature	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Double Adobe Site is an archaeological site in southern Arizona, twelve miles northwest of Douglas in the Whitewater Draw area.	Double Adobe Site	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamabad-e Makdin (Persian: اسلام ابادمكدين‎, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Makdīn) is a village in Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Eslamabad-e Makdin	Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klinge (Lower Sorbian: Glinka) is a village in the Lausitz region, east of the city of Cottbus in Brandenburg.	Klinge	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huta Borowska (ˈxuta bɔˈrɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodel, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Huta Borowska	Gmina Chodel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverview Medical Center is a 476-bed acute care community hospital located in Red Bank, New Jersey, United States.	Riverview Medical Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Croxley Green is a large suburb of Rickmansworth and a civil parish of approximately 5,000 dwellings and 12,000 residents located between Watford (to the north-east) and Rickmansworth (to the south-west) in Hertfordshire, England.	Croxley Green	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Band Dalaver (Persian: بنددلاور‎) is a village in Narjeh Rural District, in the Central District of Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Band Dalaver	Narjeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carnoustie (/kɑːrˈnuːsti/; Scottish Gaelic: Càrn Ùstaidh) is a town and former police burgh in the council area of Angus, Scotland.	Carnoustie	Angus	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amu Kandi (Persian: عموكندي‎, also Romanized as ``Amū Kandī) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District, Bizineh Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 268, in 51 families.	Amu Kandi	Bizineh Rud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cushing House Museum and Garden (circa 1808), also known as the Caleb Cushing House, is a Federal style mansion with fine garden located at 98 High Street, Newburyport, Massachusetts, United States.	Cushing House Museum and Garden	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ernei (Hungarian: Nagyernye; Hungarian pronunciation: (nɒɟɛrɲɛ)) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania, composed of six villages:	Ernei	Mureş County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dahaneh-ye Ojaq (Persian: دهنه اجاق‎, also Romanized as Dahaneh-ye Ojāq, Dahaneh Ojāq, Dahaneh-yē Ūjāq, and Dehāneh-i-Ujāgat) is a village in Bam Rural District, Bam and Safiabad District, Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dahaneh-ye Ojaq	Bam Rural District	North Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bovirdeh (Persian: بويرده‎, also Romanized as Bovīrdeh and Boveyr Deh; also known as Bavāredeh and Bwairda) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bovirdeh	Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alvaniyeh (Persian: علوانيه‎, also Romanized as ``Alvānīyeh) is a village in Gazin Rural District, Raghiveh District, Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 153, in 25 families.	Alvaniyeh	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Simcoe is a lake in Southern Ontario, Canada, the fourth-largest lake wholly in the province, after Lake Nipigon, Lac Seul, and Lake Nipissing.	Lake Simcoe	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Built in 1912, the First Presbyterian Church of Redmond is the oldest standing church structure in the city of Redmond, Oregon, United States.	First Presbyterian Church of Redmond	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Residence, also known as Woodberry, is a historic home located on the grounds of Woodberry Forest School at Woodberry Forest, Madison County, Virginia.	The Residence	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leśniakowizna (lɛɕɲakɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Leśniakowizna	Gmina Wołomin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buchanhaven is a village within the town of Peterhead in the district of Buchan, Aberdeenshire, in northeastern Scotland.	Buchanhaven	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartkowa (bartˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek nad Dunajcem, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Bartkowa	Gmina Gródek nad Dunajcem
located in the administrative territorial entity	'Santa Rita do Passa Quatro is a city and municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	Santa Rita do Passa Quatro	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	WVAS (90.7 FM) is a jazz-music formatted radio station in the Montgomery, Alabama, market licensed to the Alabama State University.	WVAS	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amir Deh (Persian: اميرده‎, also Romanized as Amīr Deh) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Amir Deh	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Korytnica (ˈstara kɔrɨtˈnit͡sa) (German: Alt Körtnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stara Korytnica	Gmina Kalisz Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckminster is a village and civil parish within the Melton district of Leicestershire, England.	Buckminster	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heber Springs Municipal Airport (ICAO: KHBZ, FAA LID: HBZ) is a public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northeast of the central business district of Heber Springs, in Cleburne County, Arkansas, United States.	Heber Springs Municipal Airport	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle Ridge Mall is a regional, enclosed shopping mall located on the north side of Lake Wales, Florida.	Eagle Ridge Mall	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharabian Rural District (Persian: دهستان شربيان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Mehraban District, Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sharabian Rural District	Mehraban District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamay (Persian: تماي‎, also Romanized as Tamāy; also known as Tamāk) is a village in Ansar Rural District, in the Central District of Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tamay	Ansar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipniak-Majorat (ˈlipɲak maˈjɔrat) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lipniak-Majorat	Gmina Długosiodło
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alta Plaza is a park in San Francisco, California, USA and caps the top of the western edge of Pacific Heights.	Alta Plaza	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fields Spring State Park is a 792-acre (321 ha) Washington state park located 4.5 miles (7.2 km) south of Anatone, Washington (or 30 miles (48 km) south of Clarkston), on State Route 129.	Fields Spring State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tighiyeh (Persian: تيغيه‎, also Romanized as Tīghīyeh) is a village in Vilkij-e Jonubi Rural District, Vilkij District, Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tighiyeh	Vilkij-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adg (Persian: ادگ‎, also Romanized as Adk) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Adg	Fazl Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linyuan District (Chinese: 林園區; pinyin: Línyuán Qū) is a suburban district of Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.	Linyuan District	Kaohsiung City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Bassin d'Apollo (En: The Fountain of Apollo) is a fountain at the Palace of Versailles, France.	Bassin d'Apollo	Versailles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knotty Ash is an area of Liverpool, Merseyside, England and a Liverpool City Council Ward, it was historically within the county of Lancashire.	Knotty Ash	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Synchrotron Radiation Center (SRC), located in Stoughton, Wisconsin and operated by the University of Wisconsin--	Synchrotron Radiation Center	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The name ``East Cape'' is also used to refer to the Gisborne region around the cape stretching from just north of the Mahia Peninsula northwards, and inland to Te Urewera National Park.	East Cape	Gisborne region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Unión y el Fénix Español building, destined to be the headquarters of the former insurance company ``La Unión y el Fénix Español'', was one of the first skyscrapers in Madrid.	Unión y el Fénix Español building	Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahraman (Persian: محرمان‎, also Romanized as Maḩramān) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Ahmadsargurab District, Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mahraman	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elmstead Pit is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Elmstead in the London Borough of Bromley.	Elmstead Pit	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lancaster County House of Employment, also known as Old County Hospital Building No. 1, is a historic building located at Lancaster Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Lancaster County House of Employment	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heffen is a village and deelgemeente in the municipality of Mechelen in the Belgian province of Antwerp.	Heffen	Mechelen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lauderdale Wildlife Management Area is an Alabama Wildlife Management Area (WMA) operated by the Alabama Department of Conservation and Natural Resources in Lauderdale County, Alabama near Waterloo, Alabama.	Lauderdale Wildlife Management Area	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Conservatory Garden is the only formal garden in Central Park, New York City.	Conservatory Garden	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sun Gro Centre is a multi-purpose recreation complex located in the town of Beausejour, Manitoba.	Sun Gro Centre	Beausejour
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hamersley River is an ephemeral river in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.	Hamersley River	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coqueiral is a municipality in the south of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.	Coqueiral	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żarnowa (ʐarˈnɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżów, within Strzyżów County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Żarnowa	Gmina Strzyżów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prusinowo Wałeckie (pruɕiˈnɔvɔ vaˈwɛt͡skʲɛ) (German: Preußendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Prusinowo Wałeckie	Gmina Wałcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Olaf Lee House was built in 1905 at 955 Jessie Street North in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Olaf Lee House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 309 Waltham Street in Newton, Massachusetts, is a well-preserved high style Greek Revival house.	House at 309 Waltham Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Partaleh (Persian: پرتاله‎, also Romanized as Partāleh; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Bilavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Partaleh	Bilavar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dukeville, North Carolina was built as a mill village along the banks of the Yadkin River in 1926 to house plant employees of the Buck Steam Station.	Buck Steam Station	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	General Mitchell International Airport (IATA: MKE, ICAO: KMKE, FAA LID: MKE) is a civil-military airport five miles (8 km) south of downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.	General Mitchell International Airport	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Yavari (Persian: چاه ياوري‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Yāvarī; also known as Chāh-e Bāhūr) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Yavari	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bullis Charter School (BCS) is a public charter school located in Los Altos, California, USA, for grades kindergarten through eighth.	Bullis Charter School	Los Altos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1128 (FM 1128) is a farm to market road located in Brazoria County, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 1128	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Webb Hill is a hill located in St. George, Utah, in Washington County.	Webb Hill	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Brett Richeson House in Maysville, Kentucky was built in 1832 and purchased by John Richeson, an educator from Charlottesville, Virginia, for his wife Mildred Richeson and their eight children.	John Brett Richeson House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 346, or FM 346, is a 28.760-mile (46.285 km) farm to market road in Cherokee and Smith counties, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 346	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLKJ is a radio station in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, located at 105.7 MHz. WLKJ broadcasts the K-LOVE Network, and is owned by EMF Broadcasting.	WLKJ	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tak-e Zow (Persian: تكزو‎; also known as Mīrzā Āqā’ī) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tak-e Zow	Kakhk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahn-e Nowruz (Persian: كهن نوروز‎, also Romanized as Kahn-e Nowrūz) is a village in Rameshk Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahn-e Nowruz	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Barad (Persian: چشمه برد‎; also known as Nūrābād) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Barad	Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Groenlo (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɣrunloː)) is a city in the municipality of Oost Gelre, situated in the eastern part of the Netherlands on the German border, a region in the province of Gelderland called the Achterhoek (literally: ``back corner'').	Groenlo	Oost Gelre
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGLC-FM is a radio station licensed to Mendota, Illinois, covering Northern Illinois, including Mendota, LaSalle, Princeton, and Peru.	WGLC-FM	Illinois
manufacturer	The TRS-80 Color Computer started out as a joint venture between Tandy Corporation of Fort Worth, Texas and Motorola Semiconductor, Inc. of Austin, to develop a low-cost home computer in 1977.	TRS-80 Color Computer	Tandy Corporation
manufacturer	The Matra R.530 is a French medium to short range air-to-air missile.	R.530	Matra
manufacturer	The AN/APQ-181 is an all-weather, low probability of intercept (LPI) radar system designed by Hughes Aircraft (now Raytheon) for the U.S. Air Force B-2A Spirit bomber aircraft.	AN/APQ-181	Raytheon
manufacturer	The Auto Avio Costruzioni 815 was the first car to be fully designed and built by Enzo Ferrari.	Auto Avio Costruzioni 815	Ferrari
manufacturer	Baldwin 60000 is an experimental steam locomotive built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works in Eddystone, Pennsylvania in 1926, during the height of the railroading industry.	Baldwin 60000	Baldwin Locomotive Works
manufacturer	The HTC Wildfire is a smartphone developed by the HTC Corporation, that was announced on 17 May 2010 and released in Europe in June of the same year.	HTC Wildfire	HTC Corporation
manufacturer	Byford Dolphin drilling rig is an Enhanced Aker H-3 design which was built by Aker Group at the Aker Verdal shipyard in 1974.	Byford Dolphin	Aker
manufacturer	The Zastava M72 is a light machine gun developed and manufactured by then Yugoslav Zastava Arms company.	Zastava M72	Zastava Arms
manufacturer	The Westinghouse J34, company designation Westinghouse 24C, was a turbojet engine developed by Westinghouse Aviation Gas Turbine Division in the late 1940s.	Westinghouse J34	Westinghouse Aviation Gas Turbine Division
manufacturer	The Marussia B-Series was a series of sports cars built by Russian automaker Marussia Motors (pronounced ma-rus-ya).	Marussia B-Series	Marussia Motors
manufacturer	Swingfire was developed by Fairey Engineering Ltd and the British Aircraft Corporation.	Swingfire	British Aircraft Corporation
manufacturer	The Remington Model 7600 is a series of pump-action, centerfire rifles made by Remington Arms.	Remington Model 7600	Remington Arms
manufacturer	The CGR class C1 and C1a were steam locomotives of the Garratt type built by Beyer, Peacock and Company for the Ceylon Government Railways (CGR), now Sri Lanka Railways.	CGR class C1 and C1a	Beyer, Peacock and Company
manufacturer	Built in 1998 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri, Disney Magic can hold approximately 2,700 passengers.	Disney Magic	Fincantieri
manufacturer	The AGM-176 Griffin is a lightweight, precision-guided munition developed by Raytheon.	AGM-176 Griffin	Raytheon
manufacturer	Built in the United States by Aerojet Rocketdyne (formerly, Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne), the J-2X burns cryogenic liquid hydrogen & liquid oxygen propellants, with each engine producing 1,307 kN (294,000 lbf) of thrust in vacuum at a specific impulse (Isp) of 448 seconds (4.39 km/s).	J-2X	Aerojet Rocketdyne
manufacturer	The Sky Scorcher project was proposed by the Convair Division of General Dynamics to the United States Air Force in 1956.	Sky Scorcher	Convair
manufacturer	The Halford Special was a Grand Prix racing car of the 1920s built by engine designer Major Frank Halford on the chassis of an early Side Valve Aston Martin tourer.	Halford Special	Aston Martin
member of political party	Mercedes Otero de Ramos (died June 20, 2012) was a Puerto Rican politician and public servant from the Popular Democratic Party (PPD).	Mercedes Otero	Popular Democratic Party
member of political party	Ian McKee (b. 1940) is an English-born Scottish National Party politician who was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Lothians region from 2007 to 2011.	Ian McKee	Scottish National Party
member of political party	Jane Dowdall (29 September 1899 -- 10 December 1974) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician, nurse and company director.	Jane Dowdall	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Owen John Thomas MA (born in Cardiff, 1939) is a former Plaid Cymru politician who represented the South Wales Central region in the National Assembly for Wales from 1999 to 2007.	Owen John Thomas	Plaid Cymru
member of political party	Lewis Payn Dawnay (1 April 1846 -- 30 July 1910) was an English Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1892.	Lewis Payn Dawnay	Conservative Party
member of political party	Charles Lollar (born June 22, 1971) is an American businessman and Republican Party politician.	Charles Lollar	Republican Party
member of political party	(Michael Christopher) Noel Davern (24 December 1945 -- 27 October 2013) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician.	Noel Davern	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Kenneth Roy Thomason, OBE (born 14 December 1944), known as Roy Thomason, is a British Conservative Party politician who was a local government leader and served one term as a member of parliament.	Roy Thomason	Conservative Party
member of political party	Edward Strutt, 1st Baron Belper PC, FRS (26 October 1801 -- 30 June 1880), was a British Liberal Party politician.	Edward Strutt, 1st Baron Belper	Liberal Party
member of political party	Jens-Halvard Bratz (21 April 1920 -- 19 January 2005) was a Norwegian businessman and politician for the Conservative Party.	Jens-Halvard Bratz	Conservative Party
member of political party	Mats Einarsson (born 1960) is a Swedish Left Party politician, member of the Riksdag 1998--2006.	Mats Einarsson	Left Party
member of political party	Beni Lar is a politician of the People's Democratic Party from Plateau State, Nigeria.	Beni Lar	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Sergio Tolento Hernández (born 22 December 1959) is a Mexican surgeon politician from the National Action Party.	Sergio Tolento Hernández	National Action Party
member of political party	Amran Abdul Ghani (born 12 August 1973) was the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Tanah Merah constituency in Kelantan from 2008 to 2013, sitting as a member of the People's Justice Party (PKR) in the Pakatan Rakyat opposition coalition.	Amran Abdul Ghani	People's Justice Party
member of political party	Abu Hena is an Indian National Congress politician, who was a cabinet minister and is a five-time MLA.	Abu Hena	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Gerhard Roßbach (February 28, 1893 -- August 30, 1967), also spelt Rossbach, was a German Freikorps leader and organizer of nationalist groups after World War I. He is generally credited with inventing the brown colored uniforms of the Nazi Party after supplying surplus tropical khaki shirts to early troops of the Sturmabteilung.	Gerhard Roßbach	Nazi Party
member of political party	Marie Borge Refsum (born 20 March 1927) is a Norwegian politician, who served as a member of the Conservative Party.	Marie Borge Refsum	Conservative Party
member of political party	Rahul Shewale (Marathi: राहुल शेवाळे)(born 1973) is an Indian politician from the Shiv Sena and the Lok Sabha member from the Mumbai South Central constituency.	Rahul Shewale	Shiv Sena
member of political party	Rossana Dinamarca (born 2 January 1974 in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean exile and Swedish Left Party politician and student.	Rossana Dinamarca	Left Party
member of political party	Henrika Juliana von Liewen (16 February 1709 -- 26 August 1779) was a Swedish noble, socialite and lady-in-waiting, politically active on behalf of the Hats (party) during the Age of liberty.	Henrika Juliana von Liewen	Hats
member of political party	Antonio Hernández Mancha (born April 1, 1951, Guareña, Badajoz) is a former Spanish politician and former president of the People's Alliance political party from 1987 - 1989.	Antonio Hernández Mancha	People's Alliance
member of political party	Bilal Ag Acherif (born 1977, last name alternatively spelled Cherif) is the Secretary-General of the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad (MNLA) and president of a briefly independent Azawad.	Bilal Ag Acherif	National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad
member of political party	Winifred Ann Taylor, Baroness Taylor of Bolton, PC (born 2 July 1947) is a British Labour Party politician, who was Minister for International Defence and Security, based at both the Ministry of Defence and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, from October 2008 until 11 May 2010.	Ann Taylor, Baroness Taylor of Bolton	Labour Party
member of political party	Joseph J. Roberts, Jr. (born July 14, 1952) is an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1987 to 2010, where he represented the 5th Legislative District.	Joseph J. Roberts	Democratic Party
member of political party	Erhard Heiden (23 February 1901 -- c. April 1933) was an early member of the Nazi Party and the third commander of the paramilitary wing of Schutzstaffel (SS), the Sturmabteilung (``Storm Detachment; SA'').	Erhard Heiden	Nazi Party
member of political party	Lyonpo Sangay Ngedup, whose demonstrated leadership style is democratic, was unanimously elected as president and leader of the newly constituted People's Democratic Party.	Sangay Ngedup	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Luc Recordon (born on 20 September 1955 in Pully) is a Swiss politician, member of the Green Party of Switzerland, representing Vaud in the Swiss National Council and then in the Swiss Council of States.	Luc Recordon	Green Party of Switzerland
member of political party	Norma Violeta Dávila Salinas is a Mexican teacher and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	Norma Violeta Dávila Salinas	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	David Kimutai Too (August 23, 1968 -- January 31, 2008) was a Kenyan politician affiliated to the Orange Democratic Movement (ODM).	David Kimutai Too	Orange Democratic Movement
member of political party	Murli Manohar (born 15 December 1895, date of death unknown) was an Indian politician from Uttar Pradesh state, and the member of parliament in 1962 for the Ballia Lok Sabha constituency from Indian National Congress.	Murli Manohar	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Gaspar Zarrías Arevalo (born April 30, 1955 Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish lawyer, politician and member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), which he joined in 1972.	Gaspar Zarrías	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Sir Joseph Alan Meale (born 31 July 1949) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Mansfield since 1987.	Alan Meale	Labour Party
member of political party	Armando Calderón Sol (born June 24, 1948) was President of El Salvador from June 1, 1994 to June 1, 1999, representing the Nationalist Republican Alliance (ARENA).	Armando Calderón Sol	Nationalist Republican Alliance
member of political party	Ruth Lilian Brekke (born 25 August 1938) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party, She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Akershus during the term 2001--2005.	Ruth Lilian Brekke	Conservative Party
member of political party	Wang Huiwu (Chinese: 王会悟; May 1898 -- 20 October 1993) was a social reformer, a Communist Party of China (CCP) women's organizer (in the early years), as well as a proponent of women's emancipation.	Wang Huiwu	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Ole Myrvoll (18 May 1911 -- 16 July 1988) was a Norwegian professor in economy and politician for the Liberal Party and later the New People's Party.	Ole Myrvoll	Liberal Party
member of political party	Driss Lachgar (Arabic: ادريس لشݣر‎ -- born 1954, Rabat) is a Moroccan politician of the Socialist Union of Popular Forces party.	Driss Lachgar	Socialist Union of Popular Forces
member of political party	Mario Mantovani (born 28 July 1950 in Arconate) is an Italian politician, Member of the European Parliament 1999-2009 for North-West with the Forza Italia, part of the European People's Party, Italian Senator and Vice-minister of Infrastructures and Transports since 2008.	Mario Mantovani	Forza Italia
member of political party	Susana Díaz Pacheco (Spanish pronunciation: (suˈsana ˈði.aθ); born 18 October 1974) is a Spanish politician and member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, currently President of the Regional Government of Andalusia and Secretary-General of the PSOE Andalusian branch.	Susana Díaz	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Sam Carr (July 7, 1906--1989) was an organizer for the Communist Party of Canada and, its successor, the Labor-Progressive Party in the 1930s and 1940s.	Sam Carr	Communist Party of Canada
member of political party	John Timmons JP (14 May 1890 -- 21 November 1964) was a British coalminer and Labour Party politician.	John Timmons	Labour Party
member of political party	Claude J. Jasper was Chairman of the Republican Party of Wisconsin in 1958.	Claude J. Jasper	Republican Party
member of political party	Rajaji Mathew Thomas is a journalist and an Communist Party of India politician from Thrissur and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ollur to Kerala Legislative Assembly in 2006.	Rajaji Mathew Thomas	Communist Party of India
member of political party	Frederick Clifton White, Sr., known as F. Clifton White or Clif White (June 13, 1918 - January 9, 1993), was an American political consultant and campaign manager for candidates of the Republican Party, the New York Conservative Party, and some foreign clients.	F. Clifton White	Republican Party
member of political party	Thomas E. Coleman (1893--1964), was Chairman of the Republican Party of Wisconsin.	Thomas E. Coleman	Republican Party
member of political party	Jānis Straume (born 27 August 1962 in Sigulda, Latvian SSR) is a former Latvian politician for For Fatherland and Freedom/LNNK (TB/LNNK).	Jānis Straume	For Fatherland and Freedom/LNNK
member of political party	Zachary Wong Wai-yin (born 22 December 1957, Hong Kong) is a Yuen Long District Councillor (representing Nam Ping) for the Meeting Point and later Democratic Party and former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.	Zachary Wong	Democratic Party
member of political party	José M. Dávila Monsanto (November 2, 1905 -- April 4, 2001) was a Puerto Rican politician and lawyer who in 1938 co-founded the political party Partido Popular Democrático de Puerto Rico (Popular Democratic Party of Puerto Rico or ``PPD'').	José M. Dávila Monsanto	Popular Democratic Party
member of political party	Daniel Jesús Granja Peniche (born 7 August 1986) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	Daniel Jesús Granja Peniche	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Brad Courtney is the chairman of the Republican Party of Wisconsin.	Brad Courtney	Republican Party
member of political party	Peter Angelo Cavicchia (May 22, 1879 -- September 11, 1967) was an American Republican Party politician from New Jersey, who served in the United States House of Representatives, where he represented New Jersey's 11th congressional district.	Peter Angelo Cavicchia	Republican Party
member of political party	Joseph Rakowski is an American Democratic Party politician who served as Acting Mayor of Jersey City, New Jersey.	Joseph Rakowski	Democratic Party
member of political party	Alberto Fermín Zubiría was a prominent member of the Uruguayan Colorado Party, which ruled the country for long periods.	Alberto Fermín Zubiría	Colorado Party
member of political party	Nathaniel Exum is an American politician from Maryland, a member of the Democratic Party and former member of the Maryland State Senate, representing Maryland's District 24 in Prince George's County.	Nathaniel Exum	Democratic Party
member of political party	Alfred Gusenbauer (born 8 February 1960) is an Austrian politician who until 2008 spent his entire professional life as an employee of the Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ) or as a parliamentary representative.	Alfred Gusenbauer	Social Democratic Party of Austria
member of political party	Kevin DeWine (born October 11, 1967) was the chairman of the Ohio Republican Party, serving from January 2009 until April 13, 2012.	Kevin DeWine	Republican Party
member of political party	Massimiliano Fedriga (born 2 July 1980) is an Italian Northern League politician.	Massimiliano Fedriga	Northern League
member of political party	Johan Martens (20 November 1861 -- 19 December 1932) was a Norwegian ship broker, politician for the Liberal Party and sports official.	Johan Martens	Liberal Party
member of sports team	Ludwig Kögl (born 7 March 1966 in Penzberg) is a former German football player who played as a midfielder, most notably with FC Bayern Munich and VfB Stuttgart.	Ludwig Kögl	FC Bayern Munich	VfB Stuttgart
member of sports team	Hasan Rustamov (born 30 November 1987) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for FK Khujand and the Tajikistan national football team.	Hasan Rustamov	FK Khujand
member of sports team	Frank Minnifield (born January 1, 1960, Lexington, Kentucky) is a former American football player who played defensive back for the Cleveland Browns from 1984-92.	Frank Minnifield	Cleveland Browns
member of sports team	Julien Frier (born September 28, 1974) is a French rugby union player and currently the captain of the Top 14 team CS Bourgoin-Jallieu.	Julien Frier	CS Bourgoin-Jallieu
member of sports team	Flip Johnson played in 27 National Football League games in 1988 and 1989 for the Buffalo Bills as a wide receiver and returner.	Flip Johnson	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	John Fruhmorgen (born September 28, 1965) was an American football Player in the National Football League for the Miami Dolphins and in The World Football League, London Monarchs.	John Fruhmorgen	Miami Dolphins
member of sports team	Francis Boadi (born 23 November 1991 in Ghana) is a Ghanaian footballer, currently playing as a Midfielder for Great Olympics in the Ghanaian Premiership.	Francis Boadi	Great Olympics
member of sports team	Steve Lyon (born May 16, 1952 in Toronto, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League with the Pittsburgh Penguins.	Steve Lyon	Pittsburgh Penguins
member of sports team	Ray Hogan born 21 November 1981 in Limerick, Ireland is a former rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.	Ray Hogan	Bristol Rugby
member of sports team	Emili Vicente Vives (born in La Seu d'Urgell, January 2, 1965) is a former Spanish footballer who played for UE Lleida, Balaguer and Tàrrega.	Emili Vicente	UE Lleida
member of sports team	Issiac Holt, III (born October 4, 1962) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Minnesota Vikings and Dallas Cowboys.	Issiac Holt	Minnesota Vikings	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Richard Tambling (born 12 September 1986) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Richmond Football Club and Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League.	Richard Tambling	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Luc Tardif Jr. (born November 30, 1984 in Rouen, France) is a French professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Brûleurs de Loups of the Ligue Magnus.	Luc Tardif	Brûleurs de Loups
member of sports team	William McBeath (7 May 1856 -- 15 July 1917) was a Scottish footballer and one of the founding members of Rangers Football Club.	William McBeath	Rangers
member of sports team	Joos Valgaeren (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈjoːs fɑɫ.ˈʝaː.rə(n)), born 3 March 1976 in Leuven) is a former Belgian international footballer who lastly played as a defender for FC Emmen in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Joos Valgaeren	FC Emmen
member of sports team	Tamás Huszák (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈtɒmaːʃ ˈhusaːk); born October 2, 1988 in Miskolc) is a Hungarian football (midfielder) player who currently plays for Debreceni VSC.	Tamás Huszák	Debreceni VSC
member of sports team	Pete Bucknall (born 24 August 1982) is a professional rugby union player for Leeds Carnegie His primary position is prop.	Pete Bucknall	Leeds Carnegie
member of sports team	Roger DeJordy (born August 28, 1937) was a Canadian professional hockey player who played for the Hershey Bears in the American Hockey League.	Roger DeJordy	Hershey Bears
member of sports team	Saleh Selim was the first Egyptian soccer player in Austria and it was a ``transfer-sensation'' when he joined Grazer AK and scored 3 goals in 6 championship-games (10/6 with friendly-games included) for the oldest Styrian football club during the 1962--63 season.	Saleh Selim	Grazer AK
member of sports team	Joni Yli-Torkko (born April 14, 1982) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who is a current member of SaiPa in the SM-liiga.	Joni Yli-Torkko	SaiPa
member of sports team	Álvaro Henrique Alves Pires, or simply Álvaro Pires, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive-midfielder, he currently plays for Nacional Futebol Clube.	Álvaro Pires	Nacional Futebol Clube
member of sports team	Saido Indjai (born 19 July 1981 in Bissau), commonly known as Banjai, is a Guinea-Bissauan professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Leixões S.C. as a central defender.	Banjai	Leixões S.C.
member of sports team	Diogo Antunes de Oliveira (born October 20, 1986 in Arapongas, Paraná), most commonly known as Diogo, is a Brazilian defensive midfielder who currently plays for Vegalta Sendai.	Diogo Antunes de Oliveira	Vegalta Sendai
member of sports team	Anthony Toney (born September 23, 1962 in Salinas, California) is a former professional American football running back for five seasons in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles.	Anthony Toney	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Nikos Boutzikos (Greek: Νίκος Μπουτζίκος) (born 6 September 1989) is a young Greek footballer who plays for Anagennisi Giannitsa F.C. in the Football League.	Nikos Boutzikos	Anagennisi Giannitsa F.C.
member of sports team	Jozef Talian (born 5 September 1985 in Bardejov) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for club 1. FC Tatran Prešov.	Jozef Talian	1. FC Tatran Prešov
member of sports team	Born in Conakry, Kalla Toure played with Hafia Football Club and Étoile du Congo before moving to Serbia.	Kalla Toure	Étoile du Congo
member of sports team	Colton Murray (born April 22, 1990) is an American professional baseball right-handed relief pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Colton Murray	Philadelphia Phillies
member of sports team	Massimo Ornatelli (born 17 January 1986) is an Italian-German footballer who plays for VfL Osnabrück.	Massimo Ornatelli	VfL Osnabrück
member of sports team	Yannick Macoa (born May 17, 1984) is a Mauritian international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Pointe-aux-Sables Mates.	Yannick Macoa	Pointe-aux-Sables Mates
member of sports team	Yiannis Ioannou (born on 10 September 1989) is a Swiss/Cypriot/GB professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Chalkanoras Idaliou.	Yiannis Ioannou	Chalkanoras Idaliou
member of sports team	Danny van der Ree (born 21 September 1988 in The Hague) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for ADO Den Haag.	Danny van der Ree	ADO Den Haag
member of sports team	Bryan Stoltenberg (August 25, 1972 -- January 4, 2013) was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for the San Diego Chargers, New York Giants, and Carolina Panthers.	Bryan Stoltenberg	San Diego Chargers	New York Giants	Carolina Panthers
member of sports team	Patrick Burgmeier (born 24 May 1980) is a Liechtenstein footballer, who plays for USV Eschen/Mauren in the Swiss 1.	Patrick Burgmeier	USV Eschen/Mauren
member of sports team	Tom Soetaers (born 21 July 1980) is a Belgian footballer is currently unattached to a club after recently departing KV Mechelen.	Tom Soetaers	KV Mechelen
member of sports team	Ioan Drăgan (2 December 1965 -- 2 January 2012) was a Romanian footballer who played 169 matches for FC Brașov.	Ioan Drăgan	FC Brașov
member of sports team	Ralf Minge (born 8 October 1960) is a German former footballer, later a coach, who currently works as sporting director of Dynamo Dresden.	Ralf Minge	Dynamo Dresden
member of sports team	Oliver Zelenika (pronounced (ǒliʋer zelěnika); born 14 May 1993) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for NK Lokomotiva in the Prva HNL.	Oliver Zelenika	NK Lokomotiva
member of sports team	Dzhemal Kyzylatesh (Ukrainian: Джемаль Алієвич Кизилатеш; Turkish: Cemâl Ali Kizilateş; born on 14 March 1994 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish-born Ukrainian midfielder who plays for FC Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Dzhemal Kyzylatesh	FC Vorskla Poltava
member of sports team	Rene Swette (born August 21, 1988) is an Austrian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing with the EC KAC of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Rene Swette	EC KAC
member of sports team	Mazin Masoud Darwish Al-Kasbi commonly known as Mazin Al-Kasbi (Arabic: مازن بن مسعود الكاسبي‎; born 27 April 1993) is an Omani footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Fanja SC.	Mazin Al-Kasbi	Fanja SC
member of sports team	Kendrick Jones (born November 30, 1982 in East St. Louis, Illinois) is a free agent wide receiver who last played for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.	Kendrick Jones	BC Lions
member of sports team	Tunahan Cicek (born 12 May 1992 in Arbon) is a Swiss-born professional footballer who currently plays for FC Winterthur as a midfielder.	Tunahan Cicek	FC Winterthur
member of sports team	Jordi César López Delgado (born 27 March 1992), known as Jordi César, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa as a central defender or a left back.	Jordi César López Delgado	Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa
member of sports team	Gordon Craig Baynham (born July 24, 1944 in Casper, Wyoming) is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys, Chicago Bears, and the St. Louis Cardinals.	Craig Baynham	Dallas Cowboys	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Manfred Pamminger (born December 28, 1977) is an Austrian football player currently playing for SC Rheindorf Altach.	Manfred Pamminger	SC Rheindorf Altach
member of sports team	Jorge Troiteiro Carasco (born 9 April 1984 in Almansa, Albacete, Castile-La Mancha) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Mérida AD as an attacking midfielder.	Jorge Troiteiro	Mérida AD
member of sports team	Alexander Kovalyev (Russian: Александр Ковалёв; born 24 September 1986) is a professional footballer who plays defender for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk.	Alexander Kovalyev	FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk
member of sports team	Rostyslav Horetskyi (born 4 February 1979 in Ukraine, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Rostyslav Horetskyi	FC Lviv
member of sports team	Rob Harley (born 26 May 1990) is a Scottish rugby union player for Glasgow Warriors in the RaboDirect Pro12.	Rob Harley	Glasgow Warriors
member of sports team	Stefan Nutz (born 15 February 1992) is an Austrian footballer who plays for SK Rapid Wien.	Stefan Nutz	SK Rapid Wien
member of sports team	Amanda Frisbie (born May 29, 1992) is an American soccer defender who currently plays for the FC Kansas City of the National Women's Soccer League.	Amanda Frisbie	FC Kansas City
member of sports team	Wilhelm Burgsmüller (born 18 January 1932 in Dortmund) is a German former football defender who played for Borussia Dortmund between 1952 and 1966.	Wilhelm Burgsmüller	Borussia Dortmund
member of sports team	Shad Meier was drafted as the 90th overall pick of the 2001 NFL Draft for Tennessee Titans.	Shad Meier	Tennessee Titans
member of sports team	Are Tronseth (born 3 September 1981 in Trondheim) is a Norwegian football defender who currently plays for Ranheim Fotball in the Norwegian First Division.	Are Tronseth	Ranheim Fotball
member of sports team	Denis Franskevich (born June 6, 1981 in Karaganda, Kazakh SSR, USSR) is a Kazakhstani-Russian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for Rubin Tyumen of the Higher Hockey League (VHL).	Denis Franskevich	Rubin Tyumen
member of sports team	Sverre Brandhaug (born 22 June 1959) is a retired football player from Norway, who played as a central midfield from 1981 to 1991 for Rosenborg BK in the Norwegian Premier League.	Sverre Brandhaug	Rosenborg BK
member of sports team	Henryk Jaźnicki (September 6, 1917 -- February 25, 2004) was a Polish football player, forward representing Polonia Warsaw and Polish National Team.	Henryk Jaźnicki	Polonia Warsaw
member of sports team	Heinz Beck (August 19, 1928 -- December 12, 2006) was a former football player best known for his stint at Karlsruher SC.	Heinz Beck	Karlsruher SC
member of sports team	Lance Whitnall (born 23 August 1979) is a former Australian rules footballer, and the ex-captain of the Carlton Football Club.	Lance Whitnall	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Gregory Polanco (born September 14, 1991), nicknamed ``El Coffee'', is a Dominican professional baseball right fielder for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Gregory Polanco	Pittsburgh Pirates
member of sports team	Gábor Bukrán (born 16 November 1975 in Eger) is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays in Belgium for Union Royale Namur.	Gábor Bukrán	Union Royale Namur
member of sports team	Alexandre Filipe Clemente Leitão (known as Alexandre) (born 28 March 1979) is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a midfielder for G.D. Estoril-Praia.	Alexandre Filipe Clemente Leitão	G.D. Estoril-Praia
member of sports team	Brandon Isaac (born December 11, 1984) is a professional Canadian football linebacker with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.	Brandon Isaac	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Carl Haworth (born July 9, 1989) is an English-born Canadian soccer player who currently plays for Ottawa Fury FC in the North American Soccer League.	Carl Haworth	Ottawa Fury FC
member of sports team	Horacio Ramírez (born November 24, 1979) is an American former baseball pitcher and current coach for the Atlanta Braves.	Horacio Ramírez	Atlanta Braves
member of sports team	Martin Albrechtsen (born 31 March 1980) is a Danish professional football player, currently playing for the Danish superliga team Brøndby IF.	Martin Albrechtsen	Brøndby IF
member of sports team	Frank Aolie (born November 8, 1992, in Ivory Coast) is an Ivorian footballer currently playing for Deportes Melipilla of the Segunda División in Chile.	Frank Aolie	Deportes Melipilla
member of sports team	Yann Schneider (born January 19, 1986 in Phalsbourg) is a French footballer currently playing for French club US Sarre-Union.	Yann Schneider	US Sarre-Union
member of sports team	Bill Hatanaka (born May 3, 1954) is a former Canadian football wide receiver who played four seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Ottawa Rough Riders and Hamilton Tiger-Cats.	Bill Hatanaka	Ottawa Rough Riders
member of sports team	Born in Igarassu, Pernambuco, Rovérsio started playing with Santa Cruz Futebol Clube, moving abroad in the 2004--05 season to Portugal's Gil Vicente F.C. and making his league debut on 28 August 2004 in a 2--3 away loss against Sporting Clube de Portugal.	Rovérsio	Santa Cruz Futebol Clube	Gil Vicente F.C.
member of sports team	David Kuchejda is a Czech ice hockey player who plays for the HC České Budějovice of the Czech Extraliga.	David Kuchejda	HC České Budějovice
member of sports team	Brian Sylvestre (born December 19, 1992) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Carolina RailHawks in the North American Soccer League.	Brian Sylvestre	Carolina RailHawks
member of sports team	Mohamed Faisal (born on 4 September 1988) is a Maldivian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper, currently for Club Valencia.	Mohamed Faisal	Club Valencia
member of sports team	Alexander Yunkov (Russian: Александр Юньков; born November 21, 1982) is a Russian ice hockey forward currently playing for Atlant Moscow Oblast team.	Alexander Yunkov	Atlant Moscow Oblast
member of sports team	Emanuel Zanders (born July 31, 1951 in Demopolis, Alabama) was an American football offensive lineman in the NFL for the New Orleans Saints and Chicago Bears.	Emanuel Zanders	New Orleans Saints	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	William Terry Nofsinger (July 13, 1938 -- October 2, 2007) was a professional American football player who played quarterback for seven seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers (1961--1964), the St. Louis Cardinals (1965--1966), and the Atlanta Falcons (1967).	Terry Nofsinger	Pittsburgh Steelers	Atlanta Falcons
member of sports team	Clint Lee Harris, known as Bo Harris (born January 16, 1953 in Leesville in Vernon Parish, Louisiana), is an American football former linebacker who played eight seasons in the National Football League with the Cincinnati Bengals.	Bo Harris	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Ihor Tymchenko (born 16 January 1986 in Poltava, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for FC Poltava in the Ukrainian First League.	Ihor Tymchenko	FC Poltava
member of sports team	Bobby Bryant (born January 24, 1944) was a cornerback for the Minnesota Vikings during the days of the Purple People Eaters (1968--1980).	Bobby Bryant	Minnesota Vikings
member of sports team	Boone Logan (born August 13, 1984) is an American professional baseball left-handed relief pitcher for the Colorado Rockies of Major League Baseball.	Boone Logan	Colorado Rockies
member of sports team	Rachid Bourabia (born 22 March 1985 in Dijon) is a football Franco-Moroccan central midfielder who plays for Waasland-Beveren in The Belgian Pro League.	Rachid Bourabia	Waasland-Beveren
member of sports team	Ali M'Madi (born 21 April 1990 in Marseille) is a Comorian international footballer who plays for French Championnat National club Gazélec Ajaccio on loan from Evian in Ligue 1.	Ali M'Madi	Gazélec Ajaccio
member of sports team	Bryan Hinkle (born June 4, 1959 in Long Beach, California) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for twelve seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers.	Bryan Hinkle	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Mauricio Asenjo (born 23 July 1994) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a striker for Club Atlético Banfield.	Mauricio Asenjo	Club Atlético Banfield
member of sports team	Denis Parshin (b. February 1, 1986, in Rybinsk, USSR) is a Russian professional ice hockey left wing currently playing for Avangard Omsk in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Denis Parshin	Avangard Omsk
member of sports team	Sandra Paños García-Villamil is a Spanish football goalkeeper who plays for FC Barcelona.	Sandra Paños	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Larry Gordon (July 8, 1954 in Monroe, Louisiana -- July 3, 1983 in Phoenix, Arizona) was an American football linebacker who played seven seasons in the National Football League for the Miami Dolphins.	Larry Gordon	Miami Dolphins
member of sports team	William Jex (23 March 1885 − 19 February 1934) was an English footballer who played as an inside left with Norwich City, Doncaster Rovers, Rotherham Town and Croydon Common, and in the Football League with Gainsborough Trinity in the early 20th century.	William Jex	Doncaster Rovers
member of sports team	Scott Barrows (born March 31, 1963 in Marietta, Ohio) is a former offensive lineman in the NFL for the Detroit Lions.	Scott Barrows	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Casey Bramlet (born April 2, 1981) is a former professional gridiron football quarterback for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.	Casey Bramlet	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Andrew Gee (born 23 April 1970 in Queensland) is an Australian rugby league administrator and former football operations manager at the Brisbane Broncos of the NRL.	Andrew Gee	Brisbane Broncos
member of sports team	Frank started his career in Feyenoord youth squad, never representing club at senior level, as Feyenoord manager Jan Mak moved to Sweden and Halmstads BK he took Frank Schinkels with him, which made Frank the first foreign player ever to play for the club.	Frank Schinkels	Feyenoord	Halmstads BK
member of sports team	Marion Lois Jones (born October 12, 1975), also known as Marion Jones-Thompson, is an American former world champion track and field athlete and a former professional basketball player for Tulsa Shock in the WNBA.	Marion Jones	Tulsa Shock
member of sports team	Dominggus Fakdawer (born 31 December 1989) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Persipura Jayapura in the Indonesia Super League.	Dominggus Fakdawer	Persipura Jayapura
member of sports team	Steeve Theophile (born 9 September 1980 in Paris, France) is a French footballer who played 3 matches in Ligue 1 for club FC Istres in the 2004-2005 season and played 55 matches and scored 9 goals in Ligue 2 for clubs FC Gueugnon and US Créteil-Lusitanos during 2002-2004 period .	Steeve Theophile	FC Istres
member of sports team	Marvin Ducksch (German pronunciation: (ˈmaːʀˈvɪn ˈduːkʃ); born 7 March 1994) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for Borussia Dortmund II in the Regionalliga West.	Marvin Ducksch	Borussia Dortmund II
member of sports team	Fahrudin Mustafić (born 17 April 1981) is a Singapore footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for S-League side, Tampines Rovers FC.	Fahrudin Mustafić	Tampines Rovers FC
member of sports team	Dimitri Fautrai (born in Guadeloupe) is a French football player who currently plays for French club L'Etoile de Morne-à-l'Eau on the island of Guadeloupe in the Guadeloupe Division d'Honneur.	Dimitri Fautrai	L'Etoile de Morne-à-l'Eau
member of sports team	Gerardo Seoane (born 30 October 1978) is a Swiss footballer who played for FC Luzern in the Swiss Super League, as a midfielder.	Gerardo Seoane	FC Luzern
member of sports team	Kevin Lotscher (born February 17, 1988) is a Swiss former professional ice hockey player who last played for EHC Biel in Switzerland's National League A. He is participating at the 2011 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team.	Kevin Lotscher	EHC Biel
member of sports team	Emiliano Çela (born 21 July 1985 in Memaliaj, Albania) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a defender for KF Laçi in the Albanian Superliga.	Emiliano Çela	KF Laçi
member of sports team	Bernie Faloney (June 15, 1932 -- June 14, 1999) was a professional football player in the Canadian Football League (primarily with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats) and an outstanding American college football player at the University of Maryland.	Bernie Faloney	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Travis Worra (born April 9, 1993) is an American soccer player currently playing for D.C. United in Major League Soccer.	Travis Worra	D.C. United
member of sports team	Antone Dominique Stevenson (born December 28, 1977 in Gaffney, South Carolina) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Buffalo Bills and Washington Redskins.	Dominique Stevenson	Buffalo Bills	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Sam Bates (born 2 December 1995) is an English rugby league footballer who plays as a prop for the Bradford Bulls of the Super League.	Sam Bates	Bradford Bulls
member of sports team	Gayson Gregory (born 5 April 1982) is an Antiguan footballer who plays for Antigua Barracuda FC in the USL Professional Division and the Antigua and Barbuda national team.	Gayson Gregory	Antigua Barracuda FC
member of sports team	Roland Kollmann (born October 8, 1976) is a retired Austrian football player who play for Grazer AK until January 2012.	Roland Kollmann	Grazer AK
member of sports team	Ludovic Chelle (born 3 January 1983 in Toulouse) is a Malian-French basketball player currently playing for JL Bourg-en-Bresse in the Ligue Nationale de Basketball.	Ludovic Chelle	JL Bourg-en-Bresse
member of sports team	Ákos Koller (born 4 September 1974 in Baia Mare, Romania) is a Romanian-born Hungarian football player who currently plays for Diósdi TC.	Ákos Koller	Diósdi TC
member of sports team	Mario Piccinocchi (born 21 February 1995) is an Italian footballer, who plays for Swiss club FC Lugano.	Mario Piccinocchi	FC Lugano
member of sports team	Patrik Jacko (born 26 September 1992 in Prešov) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for club 1. FC Tatran Prešov.	Patrik Jacko	1. FC Tatran Prešov
member of sports team	Perica Radić (Serbian: Перица Радић) (born 13 March 1984 in Smederevo, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian football player, he plays the position of goalkeeper for the French team AS Cannes.	Perica Radić	AS Cannes
member of sports team	Adrian Wichser (born March 18, 1980 in Winterthur, Switzerland) is a Swiss ice hockey winger, who currently plays for the Rapperswil-Jona Lakers in the Swiss National League A.	Adrian Wichser	Rapperswil-Jona Lakers
member of sports team	Fadhil Salim (born 24 January 1983) is a Singaporean goalkeeper and currently plays for S.League club Hougang United FC.	Fadhil Salim	Hougang United FC
member of sports team	Paweł Buśkiewicz (born 18 March 1983 in Ryki) is a Polish professional football striker who last played for Olimpia Elbląg.	Paweł Buśkiewicz	Olimpia Elbląg
member of sports team	Chung Woon (Hangul: 정운; born 30 June 1989) is a South Korean left back, who currently plays for Jeju United FC in the K League Classic.	Chung Woon	Jeju United FC
member of sports team	Justin Bernhardt (born February 25, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Elmira Jackals of the ECHL.	Justin Bernhardt	Elmira Jackals
member of sports team	Itziar Bakero Escudero (born 24 July 1969) is a Spanish former football midfielder who played for Añorga KKE in the former División de Honor, with which she won three championships and three national cups.	Itziar Bakero	Añorga KKE
member of sports team	Yvonne Krivohravek (or Krivohlavek) is an Austrian football striker who played for USC Landhaus Wien and SV Neulengbach in the ÖFB-Frauenliga.	Yvonne Krivohravek	USC Landhaus Wien
member of sports team	Casper Radza (born 26 February 1994) is a Danish footballer, who currently plays as a Goalkeeper for Næsby BK.	Casper Radza	Næsby BK
member of sports team	Ivan Ntege (born 8 September 1994) is a Ugandan professional e play for KF Tirana in Albania footballer who currently plays for Ugandan national team.	Ivan Ntege	KF Tirana
member of sports team	Miroslav Lažo (born October 18, 1977) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player (right wing) currently playing in Malmö Redhawks of the HockeyAllsvenskan.	Miroslav Lažo	Malmö Redhawks
member of sports team	Goce Toleski (Macedonian: Гоце Толески, born 5 May 1977 in Skopje) is a football player from the Republic of Macedonia who currently plays for Czech club FK Mladá Boleslav.	Goce Toleski	FK Mladá Boleslav
member of sports team	Benjamin Fadi (born 16 March 1995) is a Ghanaian footballer currently playing for Malmö FF as a forward.	Benjamin Fadi	Malmö FF
member of sports team	Wen Mukubu (born August 2, 1983) is a Congolese-born Belgian basketball player for BCM Gravelines of France's LNB Pro A. He has also played for Spirou Charleroi and the Belgian national team, where he participated at the EuroBasket 2015.	Wen Mukubu	BCM Gravelines
member of sports team	Colton Yellow Horn (born May 5, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player for the Orli Znojmo of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Colton Yellow Horn	Orli Znojmo
member of sports team	Julian Draxler (German pronunciation: (ˈjuːli̯aːn 'dʁakslɐ); born 20 September 1993) is a German professional footballer who plays as a left winger for VfL Wolfsburg and the Germany national football team.	Julian Draxler	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Cemal Amet (born 29 March 1998) is a Turkish footballer who plays for SK Austria Klagenfurt in the Austrian Football First League.	Cemal Amet	SK Austria Klagenfurt
member of sports team	Jerry Patton (born March 27, 1946 in Saginaw, Michigan -- May 19, 1983) was an American football defensive lineman in the National Football League for the Minnesota Vikings, Buffalo Bills, Detroit Lions, Philadelphia Eagles, and the New England Patriots.	Jerry Patton	Minnesota Vikings	Buffalo Bills	Philadelphia Eagles	New England Patriots
member of sports team	Helmut Winklhofer (born 27 August 1961) is a former German footballer who played as a defender or midfielder for Bayer 04 Leverkusen and FC Bayern Munich.	Helmut Winklhofer	FC Bayern Munich
member of sports team	Miikka Tuomainen (born May 22, 1986) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for EHC Klostersee of the Oberliga Süd, the third tier league in Germany.	Miikka Tuomainen	EHC Klostersee
member of sports team	Bruno Ormeno is a rugby league player of the Toulouse Olympique in Championship.	Bruno Ormeno	Toulouse Olympique
military branch	The 74th Regiment of (Highland) Foot was a British Army line infantry regiment raised to fight in the American Revolution.	74th Regiment of (Highland) Foot	British Army
military branch	Iain Harrison is a competitive shooter and former British Army Captain.	Iain Harrison	British Army
military branch	Joseph E. Tofalo was born to Margaret Tofalo, a member of the United States Navy WAVES, and United States Navy Captain Francis Tofalo.	Joseph E. Tofalo	United States Navy
military branch	Charles Lydiard (fl. 13 May 1780 -- 29 December 1807) was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	Charles Lydiard	Royal Navy
military branch	General Kenneth McLennan (May 31, 1925 -- September 20, 2005) was the Assistant Commandant of the United States Marine Corps from 1979 to 1981.	Kenneth McLennan	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Lloyd Edgar Acree was a member of the United States Navy and a posthumous awardee of the Navy Cross.	Lloyd Edgar Acree	United States Navy
military branch	Major General Hugh W. Hardy (December 10, 1924 -- April 3, 2003) was a United States Marine Corps Reserves major general and a geoscientist.	Hugh W. Hardy	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Admiral Bedford Clapperton Trevelyan Pim, RN, MP, FRGS (12 June 1826 -- 30 September 1886) was a Royal Navy officer, Arctic explorer, barrister, and author.	Bedford Clapperton Trevelyan Pim	Royal Navy
military branch	Field Marshal Sir William Maynard Gomm GCB (10 November 1784 -- 15 March 1875) was a British Army officer.	William Maynard Gomm	British Army
military branch	John Ferrier (c. 1759 -- 27 January 1836) was a British officer in the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	John Ferrier	Royal Navy
military branch	Moira Modzelewski is an American lawyer and Captain in the United States Navy.	Moira Modzelewski	United States Navy
military branch	Lieutenant-General Sir Philip Bainbrigge (1786--1862) was a British Army officer.	Philip Bainbrigge	British Army
military branch	Robert Brian James DSO & Two Bars (c.1913 -- 3 August 1944) was a British Army officer of the Second World War.	Robert Brian James	British Army
military branch	Colonel Joseph L. Romano is an officer in the United States Air Force and one of 26 American nationals charged by Italian authorities with the 2003 kidnapping of Italian resident cleric Hassan Nasr as part of an alleged covert CIA operation.	Joseph L. Romano	United States Air Force
military branch	George Robert Cholister (December 18, 1898 -- October 21, 1924) was a United States Navy sailor awarded a posthumous Medal of Honor for his actions on October 20, 1924.	George Robert Cholister	United States Navy
military branch	Colonel Charles Swinhoe (27 August 1838, Calcutta - 2 December 1923) was an English naturalist and lepidopterist, who served in the British Army in India.	Charles Swinhoe	British Army
military branch	Admiral Sir Francis Laforey, 2nd Baronet, KCB (31 December 1767 -- 17 June 1835) was an officer of the British Royal Navy during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, whose distinguished service record included numerous frigate commands in Home waters and in the West Indies.	Francis Laforey	Royal Navy
military branch	Erbo Graf von Kageneck (2 April 1918 -- 12 January 1942) was a German fighter pilot and flying ace in the Luftwaffe from 1938 to 1942.	Erbo Graf von Kageneck	Luftwaffe
military branch	Alexander Peters (November 16, 1869 -- June 11, 1951) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for attempting to rescue a shipmate from drowning during a storm.	Alexander Peters	United States Navy
military branch	Michael J. Williams (born July 12, 1943) is a retired United States Marine Corps 4-star general.	Michael J. Williams	United States Marine Corps
military branch	General Nathaniel Stevenson (1840--1911) was a British Army officer who became Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey.	Nathaniel Stevenson	British Army
military branch	Brigadier-General Charles Ogston CB CMG DSO (14 September 1877 -- 10 November 1944) was a British Army staff officer.	Charles Ogston	British Army
military branch	Carson Abel Roberts (September 4, 1905 - December 19, 1983) was a Lieutenant General in the United States Marine Corps.	Carson Abel Roberts	United States Marine Corps
mother	Margaret of Hohenzollern-Nuremberg (1367-1406) was a daughter of Burgrave Frederick V of Nuremberg and his wife, Elisabeth of Meissen.	Margaret of Hohenzollern-Nuremberg	Elisabeth of Meissen
mother	Her dam was the 1934 American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly Nellie Flag, and her sire was the 1930 Epsom Derby winner Blenheim, who had been imported to the United States in 1937 by a syndicate that included Mar-Kell's breeder, Calumet Farm.	Mar-Kell	Nellie Flag
mother	Princess Irene of Hesse and by Rhine (Irene Louise Marie Anne Princess of Hesse and by Rhine, 11 July 1866 -- 11 November 1953) was the third child and third daughter of Princess Alice of the United Kingdom and Ludwig IV, Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine.	Princess Irene of Hesse and by Rhine	Princess Alice of the United Kingdom
mother	Judith of Bavaria, Duchess of Swabia (19 May 1100 -- 27 Aug 1130) was a member of the powerful German House of Welf, being the eldest daughter of Henry IX of Bavaria and Wulfhilde of Saxony.	Judith of Bavaria, Duchess of Swabia	Wulfhilde of Saxony
mother	Lady Sun was the only daughter of Sun Jian and Lady Wu.	Lady Sun	Lady Wu
mother	George Roden was the presumed successor to his mother Lois Roden, who had become president of the Branch Davidians in 1978, when her husband and group leader Benjamin Roden had died.	George Roden	Lois Roden
mother	Lucia Visconti (Milan, 1372 -- April 14, 1424) was the daughter of Bernabò Visconti, Lord of Milan, and Beatrice Regina della Scala.	Lucia Visconti	Beatrice Regina della Scala
mother	Sophie Augusta of Holstein-Gottorp (5 December 1630 in Gottorp -- 12 December 1680 in Coswig) was a daughter van Frederick III, Duke of Holstein-Gottorp and Duchess Marie Elisabeth of Saxony.	Sophie Augusta of Holstein-Gottorp	Duchess Marie Elisabeth of Saxony
mother	Antoine Marie Jacob De la Gardie was born in Reval (today Tallinn), Estonia (then part of the Swedish Empire), as a son of Pontus De la Gardie and Sofia Johansdotter Gyllenhielm, the illegitimate daughter of king John III of Sweden.	Jacob De la Gardie	Sofia Johansdotter Gyllenhielm
mother	Princess Elizabeth of the United Kingdom (22 May 1770 -- 10 January 1840) was the 7th child and 3rd daughter of King George III and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.	Princess Elizabeth of the United Kingdom	Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz
mouth of the watercourse	The Bagaduce River is a tidal river in the Hancock County, Maine that empties into Penobscot Bay near the town of Castine.	Bagaduce River	Penobscot Bay
mouth of the watercourse	The Neglinnaya River (Russian: Неглинная), also known as Neglinka, Neglinna, Neglimna (Неглинка, Неглинна, Неглимна), is a 7.5-km long underground river in the central part of Moscow and a tributary of the Moskva River.	Neglinnaya River	Moskva River
mouth of the watercourse	It preserves the historic Carillon Canal that was first built in the 1830s to facilitate travel on the Ottawa River.	Carillon Canal	Ottawa River
mouth of the watercourse	Mand River is a tributary of Mahanadi and joins it in Chandrapur 28 km before Orissa border and before the river reaches Hirakud dam.	Mand River	Mahanadi
mouth of the watercourse	The Kiewa River flows generally north northwest, joined by eleven minor tributaries, towards its confluence with the Murray River, southeast of Albury and east of Wodonga.	Kiewa River	Murray River
mouth of the watercourse	It flows through Saint-Étienne-de-Tinée, Isola and Saint-Sauveur-sur-Tinée, and it flows into the Var near Utelle.	Tinée	Var
mouth of the watercourse	The Wallagaraugh River is a perennial river of the Genoa River catchment, with its headwaters located in the South Coast region of New South Wales and its lower reaches located in the East Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.	Wallagaraugh River	Genoa River
named after	San Paolo alle Tre Fontane (Italian), in English, St Paul at the Three Fountains is a church dedicated to St Paul the Apostle, at the presumed site of his martyrdom in Rome.	San Paolo alle Tre Fontane	Paul
named after	The Theodor Körner Prize (German: Theodor-Körner-Preis) is a set of annual Austrian awards bestowed by the Theodor Körner Fund in recognition of cultural and/or scientific advances.	Theodor Körner Prize	Theodor-Körner
named after	USS Mariano G. Vallejo (SSBN-658), was a Benjamin Franklin class fleet ballistic missile submarine, was named for Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo (1807--1890), a key proponent of California statehood.	USS Mariano G. Vallejo (SSBN-658)	Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo
named after	The G-spot, also called the Gräfenberg spot (for German gynecologist Ernst Gräfenberg), is characterized as an erogenous area of the vagina that, when stimulated, may lead to strong sexual arousal, powerful orgasms and potential female ejaculation.	G-spot	Ernst Gräfenberg
named after	In papyrology, Maas's law - named after classical scholar Paul Maas (1880--1964) - refers to the observation that columns in bookrolls often exhibit a forward tilt such that both edges of a column gradually move to the left as the column progresses.	Maas's law	Paul Maas
named after	The color indigo was named after the indigo dye derived from the plant Indigofera tinctoria and related species.	Indigo	indigo dye
named after	MusicBrainz Picard is named for Captain Jean-Luc Picard, a character in the US television series Star Trek:	MusicBrainz Picard	Jean-Luc Picard
named after	The Farnese Gardens (Orti Farnesiani sul Palatino or ``Gardens of Farnese upon the Palatine'') are a garden in Rome, central Italy, created in 1550 on the northern portion of Palatine Hill, by Cardinal Alessandro Farnese.	Farnese Gardens	Alessandro Farnese
named after	Mill's Methods are five methods of induction described by philosopher John Stuart Mill in his 1843 book A System of Logic.	Mill's Methods	John Stuart Mill
named after	Ismoil Somoni Peak (Tajik: Қуллаи Исмоили Сомонӣ, Qullai Ismoili Somonī; Russian: пик Исмаила Самани pik Ismaila Samani) is the highest mountain in Tajikistan and in the former Russian Empire and later in the Soviet Union, named after Ismail Samani, the greatest ruler of the Samanid dynasty.	Ismoil Somoni Peak	Ismail Samani
named after	Public Domain Day is an observance of when copyrights expire and works enter into the public domain.	Public Domain Day	public domain
named after	The Dovzhenko Film Studios (Ukrainian: Національна кіностудія художніх фільмів імені О. Довженка, translit. Natsional'na kinostudiya khudozhnikh filmiv imeni O. Dovzhenka) is a former Soviet film production studios located in Ukraine that were named after the Ukrainian film producer, Alexander Dovzhenko, in 1957.	Dovzhenko Film Studios	Alexander Dovzhenko
named after	The Bure kinship (Swedish: Bureätten) is a Scandinavian kinship, centered in the Skellefteå area, today's Bureå in Northern Sweden.	Bure kinship	Bureå
named after	It is usually thought that the first such camp in the general area of today's Khabarovsk was the fortified winter camp named Achansk (Ачанск) or Achansky gorodok (Ачанский городок), built by the Cossacks of Yerofey Khabarov in September 1651 after they had sailed to the area from the upper Amur.	Khabarovsk	Yerofey Khabarov
named after	The Letelier-Moffitt Human Rights Award commemorates Orlando Letelier and Ronni Moffitt, who in 1976 were assassinated in Washington, D.C. by agents of the Chilean secret service.	Letelier-Moffitt Human Rights Award	Orlando Letelier	Ronni Moffitt
narrative location	Set in Belfast in the 1950s, Judith Hearne has been described as ``a sensitive study of a middle-aged alcoholic woman in drab Belfast and her desperate last attempts at finding love and companionship''.	Judith Hearne	Belfast
narrative location	Set in Detroit, Gridlock'd centers around heroin addicts Spoon (Tupac Shakur), Stretch (Tim Roth) and Cookie (Thandie Newton).	Gridlock'd	Detroit
narrative location	Striking Distance is a 1993 American action thriller film starring Bruce Willis as a Pittsburgh Police homicide detective Thomas Hardy.	Striking Distance	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Dick and the Duchess is a 1950s CBS situation comedy filmed and set in London, England, and starring Patrick O'Neal and Hazel Court.	Dick and the Duchess	London
narrative location	The Cult of Sincerity is an independent film about hipster culture and postmodernist irony set in Williamsburg in Brooklyn, New York.	The Cult of Sincerity	Brooklyn
narrative location	Chasing News (formerly Chasing New Jersey) is a news and public affairs program broadcast by WWOR-TV, a MyNetworkTV O&O based in Secaucus, New Jersey, and sister to Fox flagship station WNYW-TV.	Chasing News	New Jersey
narrative location	Out of the Fire (ISBN 0-8041-0104-3) is a Vietnam War novel by David Sherman published in 1987 by the Ivy Book imprint of Ballantine Books.	Out of the Fire	Vietnam
narrative location	Tea with the Black Dragon is about Martha MacNamara, called west to San Francisco by a message from her daughter, Elizabeth, a computer programmer.	Tea with the Black Dragon	San Francisco
narrative location	Third World Cop is a 1999 Jamaican action-crime film starring Paul Campbell, directed by Chris Browne and produced by Chris Blackwell of Island Jamaica Films.	Third World Cop	Jamaica
native language	Antoine Joseph Gorsas (March 24, 1752 -- October 7, 1793) was a French publicist and politician.	Antoine Joseph Gorsas	French
native language	Gert Bastian (26 March 1923 -- presumably 1 October 1992) was a German military officer and politician with the German Green Party.	Gert Bastian	German
native language	Pierre-Jean de Béranger (19 August 1780 -- 16 July 1857) was a prolific French poet and chansonnier (songwriter), who enjoyed great popularity and influence in France during his lifetime, but faded into obscurity in the decades following his death.	Pierre-Jean de Béranger	French
native language	Gottlieb Konrad Pfeffel (28 June 1736 -- 1 May 1809) was a French-German writer and translator, whose texts were put to music by Ludwig van Beethoven, Joseph Haydn and Franz Schubert.	Gottlieb Konrad Pfeffel	French
native language	Jean Cluzel (born 18 November 1923 in Moulins, Allier) is a French politician who was renowned in the eighties for his reports about the audiovisual media.	Jean Cluzel	French
native language	Jean Carrière (born 6 August 1928 Nîmes -- 7--8 May 2005 Domessargues near Nîmes) was a French writer.	Jean Carrière	French
native language	Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire (15 April 1772 -- 19 June 1844) was a French naturalist who established the principle of ``unity of composition''.	Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire	French
native language	Matthias Paul (pronounced (maˈtiːas ˈpaʊ̯l)), better known by his stage name Paul van Dyk (pronounced (fan ˈdʏk); born 16 December 1971 in Eisenhüttenstadt, East Germany) is a German Grammy Award-winning electronic dance music DJ, musician and record producer.	Paul van Dyk	German
native language	José Clemente Maurer, C.Ss.R. (March 13, 1900--June 27, 1990) was a German Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	José Clemente Maurer	German
native language	Stephan Weil (born 15 December 1958) is a German politician and the leader of the Social Democratic Party in Lower Saxony.	Stephan Weil	German
native language	Pierre Ferri (3 September 1904 -- 23 November 1993) was a French stockbroker and conservative politician who was Minister of Posts, Telegraphs, and Telephones in 1953--54.	Pierre Ferri	French
native language	Péter Nádas (born 14 October 1942) is a Hungarian writer, playwright, and essayist.	Péter Nádas	Hungarian
native language	Jonathan-Simon Sellem is a French-Israeli journalist and politician born on February 25, 1983.	Jonathan-Simon Sellem	French
native language	Rosan Girard (born October 16, 1913, in Le Moule, Guadeloupe, and died June 5, 2001) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1946 to 1958.	Rosan Girard	French
native language	Elisabeth Schroedter (b. 11 March 1959, Dresden) is a German politician and has been a Member of the European Parliament in the Alliance '90/The Greens from 1994 to 2014.	Elisabeth Schroedter	German
native language	Eustache de Refuge, seigneur de Précy et de Courcelles (1564 - September 1617), was an Early Modern French courtier, statesman and author.	Eustache de Refuge	French
native language	Auguste Rejon (born July 23, 1893 in La Trinité, Martinique and died March 7, 1973 in La Trinité) was a politician from Martinique who was elected to the French Senate in 1958.	Auguste Rejon	French
native language	Jean Dionis du Séjour (born on 21 September 1956, in Agen, Lot-et-Garonne), is a French politician from the former centrist UDF party.	Jean Dionis du Séjour	French
native language	Maurice Risch is a French film and theater actor, born on 25 January 1943 in Paris.	Maurice Risch	French
native language	Louis Ducreux (September 22, 1911- December 19, 1992) was a French actor, screenwriter and composer.	Louis Ducreux	French
native language	Xavier Robic (born 17 November 1979) is a French actor and an alumni of Cours Simon, an acting school in Paris, and the Studio Théâtre d'Asnières.	Xavier Robic	French
native language	Fernando Arrabal Terán (born August 11, 1932) is a Spanish playwright, screenwriter, film director, novelist and poet.	Fernando Arrabal	Spanish
native language	Lee Yountaek (Hangul: 이윤택) is a South Korean poet, dramatist, and producer.	Lee Yountaek	Korean
native language	Gilles Ségal (13 January 1929 -- 11 June 2014) was a French actor, mime, and playwright.	Gilles Ségal	French
native language	Bogusław Sonik (born 3 December 1953 in Kraków) is a Polish politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Lesser Poland Voivodeship and Swietokrzyskie Voivodeship with the Civic Platform, part of the European People's Party and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.	Bogusław Sonik	Polish
native language	Wilhelm Niklas (24 September 1887 - 12 April 1957) was a German academic and politician, who was the first minister of food, agriculture and forestry of the German Federal Government in Konrad Adenauer's first cabinet.	Wilhelm Niklas	German
native language	Ruslan Pidhornyy (Ukrainian: Руслан Підгорний; born July 25, 1977) is a Ukrainian professional road bicycle racer, who competed most recently for UCI ProTeam Vacansoleil--	Ruslan Pidhornyy	Ukrainian
native language	Béatrice Vernaudon is a French politician born on 27 October 1953 in Papeete, Tahiti, French Polynesia.	Béatrice Vernaudon	French
native language	Alice Sapritch (29 July 1916 -- 24 March 1990) was a French film actress of Armenian descent.	Alice Sapritch	French
native language	Raymond van Barneveld (born 20 April 1967) is a Dutch professional darts player, currently playing in the Professional Darts Corporation.	Raymond van Barneveld	Dutch
native language	Armand Barbès (18 September 1809 -- 26 June 1870) was a French Republican revolutionary and a fierce and steadfast opponent of the July monarchy (1830--1848).	Armand Barbès	French
native language	Henri Thomas (December 7, 1912, Anglemont, Vosges -- November 3, 1993, Paris) was a French writer and poet.	Henri Thomas	French
native language	Louis Compain (14 April 1733, Toury -- after 1790), also known as Compain-Despierrières, was a French actor and singer.	Louis Compain	French
native language	Francis de Croisset (French: (fʁɑ̃sis də kʁwasɛ); born Franz Wiener, January 28, 1877 -- November 8, 1937) was a Belgian-born French playwright and opera librettist.	Francis de Croisset	French
native language	Liza Manili is a French actress and singer, born in 1986 in Strasbourg.	Liza Manili	French
native language	Gabrielle Suchon (December 24, 1631, Semur-en-Auxois -- March 5, 1703, Dijon) was a French moral philosopher and Catholic feminist.	Gabrielle Suchon	French
native language	Isaac Lipschits (born in Rotterdam on 19 November 1930; died in Groningen on 24 May 2008) was a Dutch historian and political scientist.	Isaac Lipschits	Dutch
native language	Dr.Abraham Bredius (18 April 1855 Amsterdam -- 13 March 1946 Monaco) was a Dutch art collector, art historian, and museum curator.	Abraham Bredius	Dutch
native language	Franz-Josef Röder (b. 22 July 1909 in Merzig, d. 26 June 1979 in Saarbrücken) was a German politician of the CDU and from 1959 to 1979 Minister-President of the Saarland.	Franz-Josef Röder	German
native language	Pierre-François Martin-Laval (nicknamed ``PEF'') is a French actor, film director, screenwriter and theatre director.	Pierre-François Martin-Laval	French
native language	Christiaan Karel Appel (pronounced (ˈkrɪstijaːn ˈkaːrəl ˈɑpəl); 25 April 1921 -- 3 May 2006) was a Dutch painter, sculptor, and poet.	Karel Appel	Dutch
native language	Dominique Davray (born Marie-Louise Gournay; 27 January 1919 in Paris -- 16 August 1998 in Paris) was a French actress.	Dominique Davray	French
native language	Cizia Zykë (born Jean-Charles Zykë; c. 1949 -- 27 September 2011) was a French writer and adventurer born in Morocco.	Cizia Zykë	French
native language	Catherine Leclerc du Rose, also known by her stage name Mademoiselle de Brie (1630 -- ca. 1706), was a French actress.	Catherine Leclerc du Rose	French
native language	Christa Goetsch (born 28 August 1952 in Bonn) is a German politician of the Alliance '90/The Greens party, member of the Hamburg Parliament, and from 2008-2010 was a Senator and Deputy Mayor of Hamburg.	Christa Goetsch	German
native language	Marga Minco (pseudonym of Sara Menco, born 31 March 1920) is a Dutch journalist and writer.	Marga Minco	Dutch
native language	Michael Gahler (born April 22, 1960 Frankfurt/Main) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for Hesse.	Michael Gahler	German
native language	Christiane Rochefort (17 July 1917 -- 24 April 1998) was a French feminist writer.	Christiane Rochefort	French
native language	Georges Eugène Charles Beauvisage (29 January 1852, Paris -- 8 April 1925, Lyon) was a French botanist and politician.	Georges Eugène Charles Beauvisage	French
native language	Chris van Abkoude (6 November 1880, Rotterdam - 2 January 1960, Portland, Oregon) was a Dutch writer and novelist of mostly children's books.	Chris van Abkoude	Dutch
native language	Erik Zürcher (Utrecht, September 13, 1928 -- Warmond, February 7, 2008) was a Dutch Sinologist.	Erik Zürcher	Dutch
native language	Georges Cravenne (24 January 1914 -- 10 January 2009), real name Joseph-Raoul Cohen, was a French film producer, publicity agent and founder of the César Award.	Georges Cravenne	French
native language	Louis Auguste Blanqui (French pronunciation: ​(lwi oɡyst blɑ̃ki); 8 February 1805, Puget-Théniers, Alpes-Maritimes -- 1 January 1881, Paris) was a French socialist and political activist, notable for his revolutionary theory of Blanquism.	Louis Auguste Blanqui	French
native language	Walter Fernández Balufo (born 14 August 1989), known simply as Walter, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Greek club Panthrakikos F.C. mainly as an attacking midfielder.	Walter Fernández	Spanish
native language	Hugues Panassié (27 February 1912, Paris -- 8 December 1974) was an influential French critic, record producer, and impresario of traditional jazz.	Hugues Panassié	French
native language	Antoine Saint-John (born 11 August 1940) (aka Domingo Antoine, Jean-Michel Antoine, Antoine Michel) is a French actor.	Antoine Saint-John	French
native language	Pierre Batcheff (born Piotr Bachev; 23 June 1907 in Harbin -- 12 April 1932 in Paris) was a French actor of Russian descent.	Pierre Batcheff	French
native language	Jérôme Robart (born 27 May 1970) is a French actor, producer, playwright, and director.	Jérôme Robart	French
native language	Hendrick de Keyser (15 May 1565 -- 15 May 1621) was a Dutch sculptor and architect born in Utrecht, Netherlands, who was instrumental in establishing a late Renaissance form of Mannerism in Amsterdam.	Hendrick de Keyser	Dutch
native language	Olaf Scholz (German pronunciation: (ˈoːlɐf ˈʃɔlts); born 14 June 1958, in Osnabrück) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany and Mayor of Hamburg since 7 March 2011.	Olaf Scholz	German
occupation	Jennifer Higdon (born December 31, 1962) is an American composer of classical music.	Jennifer Higdon	composer
occupation	James Breck Perkins (November 4, 1847 -- March 11, 1910) was an American historian, a United States Congressman, and a writer.	James Breck Perkins	historian
occupation	Hussin Ututalum Amin (born October 3, 1951) is a Filipino politician, scholar and current mayor of Jolo, capital of Sulu Province in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM).	Hussin Ututalum Amin	politician
occupation	Beryl Booker (June 7, 1922 -- September 30, 1978) was an American swing pianist of the 1950s.	Beryl Booker	pianist
occupation	Liz McComb (born December 1, 1952 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American gospel and blues singer, songwriter and pianist, who also loves jazz, spiritual and soul music.	Liz McComb	singer
occupation	Park Am (born November 11, 1924 -- March 22, 1989) was a South Korean actor.	Park Am	actor
occupation	Howard Eichenbaum (born 1947) is an American psychologist and neuroscientist who studies the hippocampus.	Howard Eichenbaum	psychologist
occupation	Alfred H. Moses (born July 24 1929) is an American attorney and diplomat who served as the U.S. Ambassador to Romania.	Alfred H. Moses	diplomat
occupation	Carole Simpson (born December 7, 1941) is an American broadcast journalist, news anchor, and author.	Carole Simpson	journalist
occupation	Martha Tilston is an English folk-based singer-songwriter.	Martha Tilston	singer
occupation	Belkis Ayón Manso (January 23, 1967 -- September 11, 1999) was a Cuban artist and lithographer.	Belkis Ayón	lithographer
occupation	Annie Little is an American singer-songwriter, and actress who co-wrote/sings the songs, and performs in the animated stop-motion commercials for the Amazon Kindle.	Annie Little	singer-songwriter
occupation	Orenda Fink (born September 18, 1975) is an American musician on Saddle Creek Records.	Orenda Fink	musician
occupation	Kallur Subba Rao was an Indian freedom activist and politician.	Kallur Subba Rao	politician
occupation	Prawaal Raman is an Indian film director and screenwriter known for his works in Hindi cinema.	Prawaal Raman	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Rafael Rodríguez Barrera (February 1, 1937 -- December 3, 2011) was a Mexican politician, lawyer and ambassador.	Rafael Rodríguez Barrera	politician
occupation	Lee Juck (Hangul: 이적; born February 28, 1974) is a Korean pop singer, songwriter, and musician.	Lee Juck	singer
occupation	Nikolas Metaxas participated as the songwriter and composer of the Cypriot entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia as his younger sister Christina Metaxa won the national final on 7 February 2009.	Nikolas Metaxas	composer
occupation	Douglas Leedy (March 3, 1938 - March 28, 2015 ) was an American composer, performer and music scholar.	Douglas Leedy	composer
occupation	Michael Doven is an American professional photographer who has also worked in the production of several Hollywood movies.	Michael Doven	photographer
occupation	Samuel Dashiell Hammett (/ˈsæmjʊəl dəˈʃiːl ˈhæmət/; May 27, 1894 -- January 10, 1961) was an American author of hard-boiled detective novels and short stories, a screenplay writer, and political activist.	Dashiell Hammett	writer
occupation	André Fauteux is a Canadian artist born in Dunnville, Ontario, Canada on March 15, 1946, who now lives in Toronto, Ontario.	André Fauteux	artist
occupation	Charles Bernard Spencer (1909 -- 1963) was an English poet, translator, and editor.	Bernard Spencer	poet
occupation	Zhao Haifeng (Chinese: 海峰; 1919 - August 21, 2006) was a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Zhao Haifeng	politician
occupation	Jon Huertas is an American actor of Puerto Rican descent.	Jon Huertas	actor
occupation	After completing his Talmudic, philosophical, historical, and bibliographic studies, Bernhard Wachstein settled in Vienna and became a librarian for the Israelitische Kultusgemeinde Wien (Vienna Israelite Community).	Bernhard Wachstein	librarian
occupation	Georges Akl is a Lebanese painter, born in Damour.	Georges Akl	painter
occupation	Anette Grecchi Gray is a chef, most recently the Chef de Cuisine of Jiko in Florida.	Anette Grecchi Gray	chef
occupation	Terri Tatchell is a Canadian screenwriter, best known for co-writing the screenplay of District 9 and was nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay at the 82nd Academy Awards.	Terri Tatchell	screenwriter
occupation	The Master of Heiligenkreuz was an Austrian painter active at the beginning of the 15th century; a tentative lifespan of 1395 to 1430 has been put forth but this appears highly conjectural.	Master of Heiligenkreuz	painter
occupation	Guillaume d'Amiens or Guillaume le Peigneur (floruit late 13th century) was a trouvère and painter from Amiens.	Guillaume d'Amiens	painter
occupation	Namgyal Lhamo is an internationally acclaimed Tibetan Opera, classical singer and actor.	Namgyal Lhamo	actor
occupation	Jason Webley is an American musician known for his fusion of folk, experimental and alternative music.	Jason Webley	musician
occupation	Thomas Dulorme Cordero (/djuːˈlɔərmeɪ/ dew-LOHR-may; born January 29, 1990) is a Puerto Rican professional boxer and world title challenger.	Thomas Dulorme	boxer
occupation	Jamie Teachenor is an American singer, songwriter, musician and producer.	Jamie Teachenor	singer, songwriter
occupation	Jack Gilford (July 25, 1907 -- June 4, 1990) was an American Broadway, film and television actor.	Jack Gilford	actor
occupation	David Schütz (Hebrew: דוד שיץ‎, born August 5, 1941) is an Israeli fiction writer.	David Schütz	writer
occupation	Charles Hotchkiss Norton (November 23, 1851, Plainville, Connecticut -- October 27, 1942, Plainville, Connecticut) was an American mechanical engineer and designer of machine tools.	Charles Hotchkiss Norton	engineer
occupation	Benjamin Milan (né Benjamin Jonsson) is a Swedish dancer, choreographer, dance teacher and model who now resides in London.	Benjamin Jonsson	teacher	model
occupation	John O. Hertler (born September 17, 1950 in Ridgewood, Queens) is an American Thoroughbred horse trainer.	John O. Hertler	horse trainer
occupation	Edwin Trevathan, M.D., M.P.H. is an American physician, a child neurologist and pediatrician.	Edwin Trevathan	neurologist
occupation	Louis Allmendiger, AIA, was an American architect practicing in New York City in the early twentieth century.	Louis Allmendiger	architect
occupation	Norman René (1951 -- May 24, 1996) was an American theatre and film director and film producer who frequently collaborated with playwright Craig Lucas.	Norman René	film director	film producer
occupation	Emil Oberholzer (December 24, 1883 -- May 4, 1958) was a Swiss-American psychiatrist.	Emil Oberholzer	psychiatrist
occupation	Ângelo Correia is a Portuguese manager, engineer and politician, former Minister of Internal Administration of the Portuguese Government under the leadership of Aníbal Cavaco Silva.	Ângelo Correia	engineer	politician
occupation	George R. Ellis (born 1937) was an author, art historian and director of the Honolulu Museum of Art from 1982 to 2003.	George R. Ellis	art historian
occupation	Wilhelm Sasnal (born December 29, 1972) is a Polish painter, photographer, and filmmaker.	Wilhelm Sasnal	painter
occupation	Andy T. W. Leung (born 26 Jun 1948), is a horse trainer.	Andy T. W. Leung	horse trainer
occupation	Karl Hermann Berendt (Danzig, November 12, 1817 -- Guatemala City, May 12, 1878) was a German-American physician, collector, explorer and investigator of Mesoamerican linguistics.	Karl Hermann Berendt	physician
occupation	Jordan de l'Isla de Venessi was a minor Provençal troubadour from L'Isle-sur-Sorgue.	Jordan de l'Isla de Venessi	troubadour
occupation	Carroll Dunham (born 1949) is an American painter who lives and works in New York and Connecticut.	Carroll Dunham	painter
occupation	Arthur William Savage (May 13, 1857 -- September 22, 1938), was a businessman, inventor and explorer.	Arthur William Savage	inventor
occupation	José Eugenio Tello (November 14, 1849 -- November 30, 1924) was an Argentine politician that governed the provinces of Jujuy, Chubut, and Río Negro.	José Eugenio Tello	politician
occupation	Hercules Grant (born 30 May 1957) is a former Antiguan born former Canadian cricketer.	Hercules Grant	cricketer
occupation	Paul Jackson Pollock (January 28, 1912 -- August 11, 1956), known professionally as Jackson Pollock, was an influential American painter and a major figure in the abstract expressionist movement.	Jackson Pollock	painter
occupation	Y Prydydd Bychan (fl. c. 1222-68) was a medieval Welsh language court poet.	Y Prydydd Bychan	poet
occupation	Hugo Gunckel Lüer (August 10, 1901 -- July 17, 1997) was a Chilean pharmacist, botanist, and university professor.	Hugo Gunckel Lüer	pharmacist	botanist	university professor
occupation	Mindy Utay is a licensed psychotherapist and psychoanalyst specializing in individual and couples therapy.	Mindy Utay	psychotherapist
occupation	Jess Roden (born 28 December 1947) is an English rock singer, songwriter and guitarist.	Jess Roden	guitarist
occupation	Ovidiu Savin (born January 1, 1977) is a Romanian mathematician who is active in the field of the partial differential equations.	Ovidiu Savin	mathematician
occupation	Huan Tan 桓譚 (c. 43 BC--28 AD) was a Chinese philosopher of the Han Dynasty (202 BC--220 AD) and short-lived interregnum of the Xin Dynasty (9--23 AD).	Huan Tan	philosopher
occupation	Richard Felix Staar (born January 10, 1923) is an American political scientist and historian.	Richard Felix Staar	political scientist
occupation	His son was the painter Heinrich Vogtherr the Younger (1513-1568).	Heinrich Vogtherr	painter
occupation	Padre Stefano Cassiani (fl. c. 1660) was an Italian painter of the Baroque.	Stefano Cassiani	painter
occupation	Nigel Parkinson is a British cartoonist who works for D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd and mainly draws for The Beano and The Dandy.	Nigel Parkinson	cartoonist
occupation	Ramin Karimloo (Persian: رامین کریملو‎‎; born September 19, 1978) is an Iranian-Canadian actor and singer recognized chiefly for his work in London's West End.	Ramin Karimloo	actor	singer
occupation	Orlaith Rafter is an Irish actor, novelist and playwright.	Orlaith Rafter	actor
occupation	William Franklin Graham III (born July 14, 1952), known as Franklin Graham, is an American Christian evangelist and missionary.	Franklin Graham	missionary
occupation	Mike O'Dowd (April 5, 1895 in St. Paul, Minnesota -- July 28, 1957) was an American boxer who held the World Middleweight Championship from 1917 to 1920.	Mike O'Dowd	boxer
occupation	Edwin Bidwell Wilson (April 25, 1879 -- December 28, 1964) was an American mathematician and polymath.	Edwin Bidwell Wilson	mathematician
occupation	Henry George Carroll, QC (January 31, 1865 -- August 20, 1939) was a Canadian politician, jurist and the 16th Lieutenant Governor of Quebec from 1929 to 1934 and the last anglophone to serve in that position to the present day.	Henry George Carroll	politician
occupation	Shimon Lev (Low) (Hebrew: שמעון לב‎; born August 1, 1962) is an Israeli multidisciplinary artist, writer, photographer, curator and researcher in the fields of Indian Studies, art and literature, religion, and travel.	Shimon Lev	photographer
occupation	Ras J. Baraka (born April 9, 1970) is an American politician who is currently the Mayor of Newark, New Jersey.	Ras J. Baraka	politician
occupation	Peggy Connelly (September 25, 1931 -- June 11, 2007) was a singer and actress, and former wife of Dick Martin (Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In), with whom she had a son, Cary Martin.	Peggy Connelly	singer
occupation	Nosrat-ollah Jahanshahlou was a leftist Iranian politician.	Nosrat-ollah Jahanshahlou	politician
occupation	Fr. Nicolas Sarrabat or Sarabat (February 7, 1698 -- April 27, 1739), also known as Nicolas Sarrabat de la Baisse, was an eighteenth-century French mathematician and scientist.	Nicolas Sarrabat	mathematician
occupation	Aleksander Krzyżanowski nom de guerre ``Wilk'' (1895--1951) was a Polish army officer, major, member of the Polish resistance movement in World War II and Commandant of the Armia Krajowa in the Vilnius Region.	Aleksander Krzyżanowski	officer
occupation	Malcolm L. McCallum (born December 26, 1968 in Maywood, Illinois) is an American environmental scientist, conservationist, herpetologist, and natural historian and is known for his work on the Holocene Extinction.	Malcolm L. McCallum	herpetologist
occupation	Tony Santos is a Spanish funk/R&B singer.	Tony Santos	singer
occupation	Emily Skinner (also known as Emily Scott Skinner) (born June 29, 1970) is a Tony-nominated American musical theatre actress and singer.	Emily Skinner	singer
occupation	Lance Dann (born ca. 1969) is an English sound artist, radio producer and writer working for international theatre and radio since 1994.	Lance Dann	sound artist	radio producer
occupation	Philippe Lemay (or LeMay) is a Canadian curler from Trois-Rivières, Quebec.	Philippe Lemay	curler
occupation	Nathaniel Brander (1796-?) was an American-Liberian politician and jurist who served as the first Vice President of Liberia (1848-1850), under President Joseph Jenkins Roberts.	Nathaniel Brander	politician
occupation	Hussain Ali Yousafi (Persian/Urdu: حسین علی یوسفی) was an ethnic Hazara politician in Balochistan, Pakistan.	Hussain Ali Yousafi	politician
occupation	John Coit Spooner (January 6, 1843 -- June 11, 1919) was a politician and lawyer from Wisconsin.	John Coit Spooner	politician	lawyer
occupation	Amandine du 38, or Miss Amanda, is a French amateur singer, whose rap videos went viral in January 2009.	Amandine du 38	singer
occupation	Gustave W. Buchen (September 25, 1886 -- December 3, 1951) was an American politician, educator, and lawyer.	Gustave W. Buchen	politician	lawyer
occupation	Yigal Azrouël is an Israeli American New York based fashion designer.	Yigal Azrouël	fashion designer
occupation	Cotter Smith (born May 29, 1949) is an American stage, film, and television actor.	Cotter Smith	actor
occupation	Christophe Josse (pronounced: (kʁistɔf ʒɔs)) is a French fashion designer and an haute couture fashion brand.	Christophe Josse	fashion designer
occupation	Peter O'Meara is an award-winning Irish actor.	Peter O'Meara	actor
occupation	Le'Andria Johnson (born January 23, 1983) is an American gospel musician and singer-songwriter.	Le'Andria Johnson	singer-songwriter
occupation	Yehuda Jacob Gilboa (Hebrew: יהודה יעקוב גלבוע) (May 2, 1920 -- May 9, 2007), born Erwin Goldberg, was an Israeli composer.	Jacob Gilboa	composer
occupation	Silas Deane (January 4, 1738 (O.S. December 24, 1737) -- September 23, 1789) was an American merchant, politician and diplomat.	Silas Deane	politician	diplomat
occupation	Caro Ramsay is a Scottish writer of crime fiction.	Caro Ramsay	writer
occupation	Susan Tifft (February 14, 1951 -- April 1, 2010) was an American journalist, author, and educator.	Susan Tifft	journalist
occupation	Thomas Jane (born Thomas Elliott III; February 22, 1969) is an American actor, screenwriter, director, producer, and comic book writer.	Thomas Jane	actor
occupation	Pedro de Morais Neto is an Angolan diplomat and military figure.	Pedro de Morais Neto	diplomat
occupation	The Marsyas Painter was an ancient Greek vase painter of the red-figure style.	Marsyas Painter	painter
occupation	Sterling Seagrave in an American historian (b. 1937).	Sterling Seagrave	historian
occupation	Carlos Efrén Reyes Rosado (born May 2, 1991), better known by his stage name Farruko is a Puerto Rican reggaeton singer and songwriter.	Farruko	singer
occupation	Levi Sterling (January 2, 1804 -- October 16, 1868) was an American politician, soldier, and public official.	Levi Sterling	politician
occupation	John Jacob Niles (April 28, 1892--March 1, 1980) was an American composer, singer, and collector of traditional ballads.	John Jacob Niles	composer	singer
occupation	Jesús Rafael Soto (June 5, 1923 - January 14, 2005) was a Venezuelan op and kinetic artist, a sculptor and a painter.	Jesús Rafael Soto	sculptor	painter
occupation	Yao Lee (Chinese: 姚莉), also credited as Yao Li, Yiu Lei and Miss Hue Lee, is a Chinese singer active from the 1930s to the 1970s.	Yao Lee	singer
occupation	Shahram Shabpareh (Persian: شهرام شب پره‎‎) is an Iranian pop singer and songwriter.	Shahram Shabpareh	singer and songwriter
occupation	Karine Ferri (born on April 25, 1982) is a French television presenter.	Karine Ferri	television presenter
occupation	Aaron Pauley (born August 4, 1988) is an American vocalist, bassist, and singer-songwriter.	Aaron Pauley	singer
occupation	Adi Senimili Dyer is a former Fijian politician, who served as an Assistant Minister for Women and Culture in the Prime Minister's Office in the interim Cabinet formed by Laisenia Qarase in the wake of the Fiji coup of 2000.	Senimili Dyer	politician
occupation	Lance Whitaker (born May 29, 1971) is an American former professional boxer and heavyweight contender.	Lance Whitaker	boxer
occupation	Waldemar Zboralski (born 4 June 1960) is a Polish veteran gay rights activist, politician, and journalist.	Waldemar Zboralski	politician
occupation	Clarence Lucas (October 19, 1866 - July 1, 1947), was a Canadian composer, lyricist, conductor, and music professor.	Clarence Lucas	composer
occupation	Toni Mannix (born Camille Bernice Froomess; February 19, 1906 -- September 2, 1983) was an American actress and dancer in the early talkies.	Toni Mannix	dancer
occupation	Mindy Smith (born June 1, 1972 on Long Island, New York) is an American singer-songwriter.	Mindy Smith	singer-songwriter
occupation	One newspaper, comparing the current lifestyles of the Sex Pistols, wrote: ``Only original bassist Glen Matlock remains touring with his own band, an irony given that he was sacked for being too conservative''.	Glen Matlock	bassist
occupation	Steve Remote is an American recording engineer, mixing engineer, music producer, recording studio designer and studio owner from Queens, New York.	Steve Remote	engineer
occupation	William Karel (born 1940) is a French film director and author.	William Karel	film director
occupation	Dag Achatz is a Swedish virtuoso pianist and composer.	Dag Achatz	pianist	composer
occupation	Ujjaini Mukherjee (Bengali: উজ্জৈনি মুখ্যপাধ্যায়, Hindi: उज्जैनी मुखेर्जी) is an Indian singer.	Ujjaini Mukherjee	singer
occupation	Manlaibaatar Damdinsüren (Mongolian: Манлайбаатар Дамдинсүрэн, first hero Damdinsüren, Standard Tibetan: རྟ་མགྲིན་སྲུང་།; March 13, 1871 -- January 27, 1921), born Jamsrangiin Damdinsüren (Жамсрангийн Дамдинсүрэн), was a military commander, Pan-Mongolist and diplomat who led Mongolia's struggle for independence in 1911.	Manlaibaatar Damdinsüren	diplomat
occupation	Alexander Ramati (December 20, 1921 -- February 18, 2006), born David Solomonovich Grinberg, was a Polish writer and film director.	Alexander Ramati	writer	film director
occupation	Pál Bokor (Budapest, 2 May 1942) is a Hungarian journalist, writer, translator and the director of Atlantic Press Publishers.	Pál Bokor	journalist
occupation	Bennie J. George was a head football and basketball coach for the Delaware State Hornets programs.	Bennie J. George	basketball coach
occupation	Ronald T. Mingo also Ron Mingo (born January 3, 1947) was a professional baseball player, typing teacher and a world record holder for fastest typist, with 160 words per minute.	Ron Mingo	baseball player
occupation	Jūratė Kiaupienė (1947 December 23 in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian historian, professor, Habilitated Doctor.	Jūratė Kiaupienė	historian
occupation	Arne Meurman (born April 6, 1956) is a Swedish mathematician working on finite groups and vertex operator algebras.	Arne Meurman	mathematician
occupation	Richard Kandt started as a psychiatrist in Bayreuth and Munich.	Richard Kandt	psychiatrist
occupation	Sahara Sunday Spain is an emerging writer born in California in 1991.	Sahara Sunday Spain	writer
occupation	Esteban Salas y Castro (December 25, 1725 -- July 14, 1803) was a Cuban composer of religious music.	Esteban Salas y Castro	composer
occupation	Tony Rampling is a former professional rugby league player in the New South Wales Rugby League.	Tony Rampling	rugby league player
occupation	Catherine Wolf of Elkhart, Indiana, was an important amateur American tennis player in the 1920s and 1930s.	Catherine Wolf	tennis player
occupation	Anton Köllisch (1888--1916) was the German chemist who, whilst working at Darmstadt for pharmaceutical giant Merck, first synthesized the chemical MDMA that would later come to be known as ``ecstasy''.	Anton Köllisch	chemist
occupation	Iwan Tirta (April 18, 1935 -- July 31, 2010) was an Indonesian batik fashion designer.	Iwan Tirta	fashion designer
occupation	Matthias Buchinger (June 3, 1674 -- 1739), sometimes called Matthew Buckinger in English, was a German artist, magician, calligrapher, and performer who was born without hands or feet and was 29 inches tall (about 74 cm).	Matthias Buchinger	magician
occupation	John S. Arnick (born 1933) was an American politician from Maryland and a member of the Democratic Party.	John S. Arnick	politician
occupation	Eng Chhai Eang (Khmer: អេង ឆៃអ៊ាង; born November 10, 1965) is a Cambodian politician.	Eng Chhai Eang	politician
occupation	Lang Jeffries (June 7, 1930--February 12, 1987) was a Canadian-American actor of television and film who was married from 1960 to 1962 to actress Rhonda Fleming.	Lang Jeffries	actor
occupation	Shou-Wu Zhang (Chinese: 张寿武; pinyin: Zhāng Shòuwǔ; born October 9, 1962) is a Chinese-American mathematician known for his work in number theory and arithmetic algebraic geometry.	Shou-Wu Zhang	mathematician
occupation	Katherine Stone Chase (born 1949 in Seattle, Washington) is an American doctor and writer of romance novels under her maiden name Katherine Stone.	Katherine Stone	writer
occupation	Franc O'Shea is a bassist and composer born in Swaziland.	Franc O'Shea	composer
occupation	Carl Josef Bayer (also Karl Bayer, March 4, 1847 -- October 4, 1904) was an Austrian chemist who invented the Bayer process of extracting alumina from bauxite, essential to this day to the economical production of aluminium.	Carl Josef Bayer	chemist
occupation	Walter H. Hunt (born 1959) is a science fiction novelist from Massachusetts, United States.	Walter H. Hunt	novelist
occupation	Ahmed Falah (Dhivehi: އަޙްމަދު ފަލާޙް; born 1975) is a Maldivian singer, musician, film director, screenwriter/ scriptwriter, song writer, lyricist and poet.	Ahmed Falah	musician	film director	writer	poet
occupation	Edward F. Daas (May 30, 1879 -- May 2, 1962) was an American amateur journalist.	Edward F. Daas	journalist
occupation	Valentin le désossé - Valentin the Boneless - (1843 -- 1907) was the stage name of Jacques Renaudin, a French Cancan dancer and partner of La Goulue.	Valentin le désossé	dancer
occupation	Gian Luca Mazzella (born in Rome) is an Italian journalist, wine and food critic, documentarian.	Gian Luca Mazzella	journalist
occupation	Jean Ven Robert Hal, stage name for Roberto D'Agostino Vendola born 11 May 1970 is an Italian musician, composer of Electronic Music, Kosmische Musik, space music, progressive rock, ambient, jazz, synthpop and orchestral music.	Jean Ven Robert Hal	composer
occupation	Raffaello da Montelupo (c. 1504/1505 -- c. 1566/1567), born Raffaele Sinibaldi, was a sculptor and architect of the Italian Renaissance, and an apprentice of Michelangelo.	Raffaello da Montelupo	sculptor	architect
occupation	Gibson Donald Lewis, known as Gib Lewis (born August 22, 1936), is a political consultant and a Democratic former politician from Fort Worth, Texas.	Gib Lewis	politician
occupation	René Alphonse Higonnet (April 5, 1902 -- October 13, 1983) was a French engineer and inventor who co-developed the phototypesetting process with Louis Moyroud, which allows text and images to be printed on paper using a photoengraving process, a method that made the traditional publishing method of hot metal typesetting obsolete.	René Alphonse Higonnet	engineer
occupation	Justin Tsoulos (born 20 February 1984) is a Greek Australian rugby league player who plays in the NRL for the Canterbury Bulldogs.	Justin Tsoulos	rugby league player
occupation	Bill Viola (born 1951) is a contemporary video artist whose artistic expression depends upon electronic, sound, and image technology in New Media.	Bill Viola	video artist
occupation	Lucius Furius Purpureo was a Roman politician and general, becoming consul in the year 196 BC. Lucius Furius was from the Furia (gens) patrician family in Rome.	Lucius Furius Purpureo	politician
occupation	Adélard Bellemare (March 2, 1871 -- March 25, 1933) was a Canadian politician from the Mauricie area.	Adélard Bellemare	politician
occupation	Sandra M. Castillo is a poet and South Florida resident.	Sandra M. Castillo	poet
occupation	Maroua Rahali is a Tunisian national champion boxer.	Maroua Rahali	boxer
occupation	Suzie Kerstgens (born 1971) is a German singer and lyricist.	Suzie Kerstgens	singer
occupation	Lee Guk-joo (Hangul: 이국주, hanja: 李國主 ; born on January 5, 1986), is a South Korean comedian under FNC Entertainment.	Lee Guk-joo	comedian
occupation	Following a serious injury to the ankle, inoperable at the time, Yvonne Cartier left England for France in 1957, and worked for twenty years as a mime with the celebrated troupes of Jacques Lecoq and Marcel Marceau, and as choreographer and movement specialist to theatre companies.	Yvonne Cartier	choreographer
occupation	Mickey Higham (born 18 September 1980) is an English rugby league player who currently plays for English club Leigh.	Mickey Higham	rugby league player
occupation	Falk Herwig (born 1969) is a Canadian astrophysicist who is known for his researches at the University of Victoria.	Falk Herwig	astrophysicist
occupation	Wang Fanzhi (Chinese: 王梵志; pinyin: Wáng Fànzhì; Wade--Giles: Wang Fan-chih, fl. 7th century) or Brahmacarin Wang was a Chinese Buddhist poet born in Hebi, Henan during the Tang Dynasty.	Wang Fanzhi	poet
occupation	Shaheen Sheik (born June 17, 1975) is an Indian American, singer, song-writer, producer, dancer and an actress based in Los Angeles, California.	Shaheen Sheik	singer
occupation	Robert Daymond Howard (born March 11, 1982), mostly known as Robbie Daymond, is an American actor and voice actor.	Robbie Daymond	actor	voice actor
occupation	Mihal Grameno (January 13, 1871 -- February 5, 1931) was an Albanian rilindas, politician, writer, freedom fighter, and journalist.	Mihal Grameno	politician	journalist
occupation	Dietisalvi di Speme was an Italian painter, who worked in Siena between 1250 and 1291.	Dietisalvi di Speme	painter
occupation	Raphael Carl Lee (born October 29, 1949 in Sumter, South Carolina) is an American surgeon, medical researcher, biomedical engineer, and entrepreneur.	Raphael Carl Lee	surgeon
occupation	Riley McKibbin (/ˈraɪli məˈkɪbɪn/; born September 9, 1988) is an American volleyball player.	Riley McKibbin	volleyball player
occupation	Eduard Kohout (1889--1976) was a Czech stage, film actor and television actor.	Eduard Kohout	actor
occupation	Paweł Domagała is a Polish actor in theater, film and television.	Paweł Domagała	actor
occupation	Eric S. Roberts is an American computer scientist noted for his contributions to computer science education through textbook authorship and his leadership in computing curriculum development.	Eric S. Roberts	computer scientist
occupation	Robert Jones Atkinson was a Democratic politician from the state of Ohio, United States.	Robert Jones Atkinson	politician
occupation	Carl Weyant (born October 4, 1983) is an American actor, producer, model and musician who has appeared in Karma:	Carl Weyant	actor
occupation	Betsy Clifford (born October 15, 1953) is a Canadian retired alpine skier.	Betsy Clifford	alpine skier
occupation	William A. Fletcher (born June 6, 1945) is a United States federal appeals court judge who has sat on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals since 1998.	William A. Fletcher	judge
occupation	Christina Maria Kardooni (born August 28, 1989) is an American professional wrestler, better known by her ring name Christina Von Eerie.	Christina Von Eerie	professional wrestler
occupation	Valérie Maltais (born July 4, 1990) is a Canadian short-track speed skater.	Valérie Maltais	short-track speed skater
occupation	Auguste-Joseph Carrier, a French painter, was born in Paris in 1797, January 14.	Auguste-Joseph Carrier	painter
occupation	Johanna Rosaly (born January 13, 1948) is a Puerto Rican actress, singer, and television host.	Johanna Rosaly	singer
occupation	Henry Cheke (c.1548-86), of Elstow, Bedfordshire; later of the Manor, York, was an English politician.	Henry Cheke	politician
occupation	Dakota Abberton (born in Maroubra, New South Wales), an Australian surfer, is a member of the Australian surf gang, the Bra Boys.	Dakota Abberton	surfer
occupation	Angela Topping (born 2 October 1954) is a British poet, literary critic and author.	Angela Topping	poet
occupation	Anne Stokes is an artist whose work has appeared in role-playing games, particularly Dungeons & Dragons.	Anne Stokes	artist
occupation	Edward Charles Spitzka (November 10, 1852 -- January 13, 1914) was an eminent late-19th century alienist, neurologist, and anatomist.	Edward Charles Spitzka	neurologist
occupation	Rúnar Júlíusson or Rúni Júl, was an Icelandic pop singer from Keflavík.	Rúnar Júlíusson	singer
occupation	Susan Polis Schutz (born Susan Polis; May 23, 1944) is an American poet and co-founder, with husband Stephen Schutz, of greeting card and book publisher Blue Mountain Arts.	Susan Polis Schutz	poet
occupation	Ben Koller (born July 29, 1980) is an American drummer currently in Converge, Mutoid Man, and All Pigs Must Die.	Ben Koller	drummer
occupation	David G. Armstrong (born February 18, 1969) is an American podiatric surgeon and researcher most widely known for his work in amputation prevention, the diabetic foot, and wound healing.	David G. Armstrong	surgeon
occupation	Ann Carr, also known as Ann Carr-Tunney, is an American gymnast.	Ann Carr	gymnast
occupation	``Alex'' Liu Lic Ka (born March 18, 1971 in Hong Kong) is an auto racing driver from Macau.	Liu Lic Ka	racing driver
occupation	Edward Haytley was an English portrait and landscape painter of the 18th century.	Edward Haytley	painter
occupation	Donald G. Alexander (born 1942) is an American lawyer and a justice on the Maine Supreme Judicial Court.	Donald G. Alexander	lawyer
occupation	Bruce Guthro (born Bruce Guthrie on August 31, 1961) is a Canadian singer / songwriter, from Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia.	Bruce Guthro	singer
occupation	Jenny Eakin Delony, also known as Jenny Eakin Delony Rice and Jenny Meyrowitz, (1866--1949) was an American painter and educator.	Jenny Eakin Delony	painter
occupation	George A. Freedman, DDS (born May 5, 1952) is a Canadian dentist, inventor, and dental educator, who is regarded as an international leader in the field of cosmetic and aesthetic dentistry.	George A. Freedman	dentist
occupation	Lyle W. Hillyard is a Utah politician and an attorney.	Lyle W. Hillyard	politician
occupation	Mel J. Cyrak (born October 23, 1936) was an American lawyer and politician.	Mel J. Cyrak	lawyer	politician
occupation	Joe Coburn (July 29, 1835, Middletown, County Armagh, Ireland -- December 6, 1890, New York City, New York) was an Irish-American boxer.	Joe Coburn	boxer
occupation	Nazir Naji (نذیر ناجی) is a famous Pakistani senior journalist and Urdu columnist.	Nazir Naji	journalist
occupation	Tina Landau (born May 21, 1962) is an American playwright and theatre director.	Tina Landau	playwright	theatre director
occupation	Marpessa Dawn (January 3, 1934 -- August 25, 2008), also known as Gypsy Marpessa Dawn Menor, was an American-born French actress, singer, and dancer, best remembered for her role in the film Black Orpheus (1959).	Marpessa Dawn	singer
occupation	Márcia Imperator (born Márcia Maria Imperator 1 March 1974) is a Brazilian actress, model, TV-personality and adult actress.	Márcia Imperator	model
occupation	Giorgos Ninios (born 1959) is a Greek television, film and stage actor with an extensive filmography.	Giorgos Ninios	actor
occupation	Marko Albrecht (born 23 June 1970), known by his stage name Mark 'Oh, is a German disc jockey and rave producer.	Marko Albrecht	disc jockey
occupation	Khalil Joseph Nepomuceno Ramos (born January 22, 1996), known professionally as Khalil Ramos, is a Filipino actor and singer.	Khalil Ramos	singer
occupation	Seymour Geisser (October 5, 1929 -- March 11, 2004) was a statistician noted for emphasizing the role of prediction in statistical inference.	Seymour Geisser	statistician
occupation	David Nathaniel Friedrich Dietrich (October 3, 1800 -- December 23, 1888) was German botanist and gardener.	David Nathaniel Friedrich Dietrich	botanist
occupation	Keith Carlock is an American jazz drummer originally from Clinton, Mississippi.	Keith Carlock	drummer
occupation	Adam Rutherford (born 1974/1975) is a British geneticist, author, and broadcaster.	Adam Rutherford	geneticist
occupation	Glen Daly (born Bartholomew Francis McCann McGovern Dick c. 1920 -- 1987) was a Scottish singer and entertainer.	Glen Daly	singer
occupation	Robert E. Gilka (July 12, 1916 -- June 25, 2013) was an American photojournalist best known for being an editor and director of photography at National Geographic for 27 years (1958-1985).	Robert E. Gilka	photojournalist
occupation	Sergio Ferrara (born May 2, 1945) is an Italian physicist working on theoretical physics of elementary particles and mathematical physics.	Sergio Ferrara	physicist
occupation	Clare Darcy was the pseudonym used by the American novelist Mary Deasy (1914--1978) for her Regency Romance novels, i.e., novels set in Regency England.	Clare Darcy	novelist
occupation	Miranda Stone is a Canadian singer-songwriter originating from the Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario region and currently based in Toronto where she operates independent record label Earthdress Productions.	Miranda Stone	singer
occupation	James W. VanStone (October 3, 1925 -- February 28, 2001) was an American cultural anthropologist specializing in the Inuit, Inupiat, and Yup'ik Eskimos.	James W. VanStone	anthropologist
occupation	Patrick Sabongui (born January 9, 1975) is a Canadian actor, stunt performer, theatre actor and drama teacher.	Patrick Sabongui	actor
occupation	Carlos Negrón Colón (born March 5, 1988) is a professional boxer who competes in the cruiserweight division.	Carlos Negrón	boxer
occupation	Nina Romberg has been an American writer since 1978.	Nina Romberg	writer
occupation	Hernán García de Gonzalo Vidal (born December 23, 1928), is a retired Chilean diplomat and academic.	Hernán García de Gonzalo	diplomat
occupation	Lawrence Pech (known as ``Larry'' to friends and co-workers) is a dancer, choreographer and teacher currently living and working in the San Francisco Bay Area.	Lawrence Pech	choreographer
occupation	John H. Palmieri is an American born mathematician working in algebraic topology and representation theory with an emphasis on stable homotopy theory.	John H. Palmieri	mathematician
occupation	Nick Stellino (b. May 1, 1958) is an Italian-American television chef and author.	Nick Stellino	chef
occupation	Wendy Wild, born Wendy Andreiev (August 31, 1956 -- October 26, 1996) was an American singer, musician, and artist who in the 1980s was a well-known presence in New York's downtown music and performance scenes.	Wendy Wild	singer
occupation	Jim Hegerle (alias Jimmy) (February 17, 1936 -- June 26, 2007) was a light heavyweight professional boxer from Saint Paul, Minnesota.	Jim Hegerle	boxer
occupation	Thue Christiansen (born February 25, 1940 Maamorilik, Greenland) is a Greenlandic Inuit teacher, artist and politician.	Thue Christiansen	politician
occupation	Allison Burnett is an American screenwriter, film director, and novelist.	Allison Burnett	film director	novelist
occupation	John Alvin Anderson (March 25, 1869 -- June 26, 1948) was a Swedish-American photographer who spent most of his life in the United States.	John Alvin Anderson	photographer
occupation	Sally Tracy DMid is an Australian, midwife, midwifery researcher, author and activist.	Sally Tracy	midwife
occupation	Baha' al-Dawlah ibn Siraj al-Din Shah Qasim ibn Muhammad al-Husayni Nurbakhshi (also sometimes called Nuri rather than Nurbakhshi), was a 15--16th century Persian physician.	Nurbakhshi	physician
occupation	Nancy Becker (born January 28, 1982) is an American professional wrestler best known by her ring name Annie Social, who regularly performs for Shimmer Women Athletes and Women Superstars Uncensored (WSU).	Annie Social	professional wrestler
occupation	William Stanley Haseltine (June 11, 1835 -- February 3, 1900) was an American painter and draftsman who was associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting, the Hudson River School and Luminism.	William Stanley Haseltine	painter
occupation	John Fulton Folinsbee (March 14, 1892 -- May 10, 1972) was an American landscape painter and member of the art colony at New Hope, Pennsylvania.	John Fulton Folinsbee	painter
occupation	Margaret Moyes Black (1853--1935) was a Scottish novelist and biographer.	Margaret Moyes Black	novelist
occupation	Giuliano di Simone (late 14th century - early 15th century) was an Italian painter, active near Lucca and Pisa in a late Gothic-style.	Giuliano di Simone	painter
occupation	Barton Seaver (born April 12, 1979) is an author, speaker and chef.	Barton Seaver	chef
occupation	William Alexander Richardson (January 16, 1811 -- December 27, 1875) was a prominent Illinois Democrat politician before and during the American Civil War.	William Alexander Richardson	politician
occupation	He is the father of Bobby Bare, Jr., also a musician.	Bobby Bare	musician
occupation	Čestmír Vejdělek (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtʃɛstmiːr ˈvɛjɟɛlɛk); October 8, 1925 -- November 14, 2011) was a Czech writer.	Čestmír Vejdělek	writer
occupation	In college, Desdamona and her friends formed a band in which Desdamona was the rapper, inspired by the R&B group TLC.	Desdamona	rapper
occupation	``Fred Imus, radio personality and songwriter, dies at 69''.	Fred Imus	songwriter
occupation	Edgar Howard (September 16, 1858 -- July 19, 1951) was a Nebraska editor and Democratic politician.	Edgar Howard	politician
occupation	Camden Toy is an American actor, screenwriter, and film editor.	Camden Toy	actor
occupation	Samuel J Leffler is a computer scientist, known for his extensive work on BSD, from the 1980s to FreeBSD in the present day.	Samuel J Leffler	computer scientist
occupation	Herbert B. Schmidt (born April 23, 1931 in East Prussia) is a German economist and public policy advisor best known for his work in privatization in the former East Germany and Eastern Europe.	Herbert B. Schmidt	economist
occupation	Hector Boyardee (born Ettore Boiardi) (October 22, 1897 -- June 21, 1985) was an Italian-born chef, famous for his brand of food products, named Chef Boyardee.	Hector Boyardee	chef
occupation	Chhangur Ram (born at Village - Katain, Azamgarh) was an Indian politician for the Lalganj (Lok Sabha Constituency) in Uttar Pradesh.	Chhangur Ram	politician
occupation	Brian Drummond (born August 10, 1969) is a Canadian voice and former stage actor.	Brian Drummond	actor
occupation	Roland Butcher (born Roland Orlando Butcher, 14 October 1953, Saint Philip Parish, Barbados) is a former English cricketer, who played in three Tests and three ODIs from 1980 to 1981.	Roland Butcher	cricketer
occupation	Mary Joe Fernández Godsick (born María José Fernández; August 19, 1971) is an American former professional tennis player.	Mary Joe Fernández	tennis player
occupation	Carl Walther Meyer was a German film actor who appeared in more than fifty productions during the silent and early sound eras.	Carl Walther Meyer	actor
occupation	Stanisław Biniecki (July 29, 1907 in Sławno -- May 3, 1999) was a Polish chemist.	Stanisław Biniecki	chemist
occupation	Lambert Courtois (also Courtoys, Curtois) (c.1520 -- after 1583) was a French composer, trombonist, and singer of the late Renaissance, active in Italy and Ragusa.	Lambert Courtois	composer	trombonist	singer
occupation	Elizabeth Ball is a Canadian politician, currently an elected member of Vancouver City Council.	Elizabeth Ball	politician
occupation	Lynne Billard is an American statistician and professor at the University of Georgia, known for her statistics research, leadership, and advocacy for women in science.	Lynne Billard	statistician
occupation	John Maurice Fitzroy was an English cricketer who played for Northamptonshire from 1925 to 1927.	Maurice Fitzroy	cricketer
occupation	Bill Doss (September 12, 1968 -- July 30, 2012) was an American rock musician.	Bill Doss	musician
occupation	John Markoff (born October 29, 1949) is a journalist best known for his work at The New York Times, and a book and series of articles about the 1990s pursuit and capture of hacker Kevin Mitnick.	John Markoff	journalist
occupation	Sally El Hosaini is a Welsh-Egyptian film director and screenwriter.	Sally El Hosaini	screenwriter
occupation	Jim Hendricks is an American actor and former disc jockey best known for his role as movie host Commander USA on USA Network's Commander USA's Groovie Movies that ran from 1985 to 1989.	Jim Hendricks	actor
occupation	Heath Sims (born October 14, 1971) is an American mixed martial artist, Olympic wrestler and MMA trainer.	Heath Sims	mixed martial artist
occupation	William Moy Thomas (1828--1910) was an English journalist, literary editor and novelist.	William Moy Thomas	journalist	editor
occupation	Mushfiq was a sub-imperial Mughal painter who worked in the atelier of Abd-ur-Rahim Khan-i-Khanan (also called Abdul Rahim Khan-I-Khana), commander-in-chief of the Mughal army in the late 16th/early 17th century.	Mushfiq	painter
occupation	Naoyuki Kotani (born December 8, 1981) is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division.	Naoyuki Kotani	mixed martial artist
occupation	Eliphalet Trask (January 8, 1806 -- December 9, 1890) was an American politician who served as the third Mayor of Springfield, Massachusetts, and as the 23rd Lieutenant Governor for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts from 1858 to 1861.	Eliphalet Trask	politician
occupation	Paul Morrissey (born February 23, 1938) is an American film director, best known for his association with Andy Warhol.	Paul Morrissey	film director
occupation	Churchill Kohlman (January 28, 1906 -- May 25, 1983) was an African-American songwriter who wrote Johnnie Ray's 1951 hit, ``Cry'' while working in a Pittsburgh dry cleaning factory as the night watchman.	Churchill Kohlman	songwriter
occupation	Fatma Koşer Kaya (born February 20, 1968 in Çarşamba, Turkey) is a Dutch lawyer and politician of Turkish origin.	Fatma Koşer Kaya	lawyer	politician
occupation	Ruth DeFries (born 1957) is an environmental geographer who specializes in the use of remote sensing to study Earth's habitability under the influence of human activities, such as deforestation, that influence regulating biophysical and biogeochemical processes.	Ruth DeFries	geographer
occupation	Timomachus of Byzantium (or Timomachos, a transliteration of Τιμόμαχος) was an influential painter of the first century BCE.	Timomachus	painter
occupation	Rachael Bermingham is an Australian entrepreneur, author, public speaker, mentor and former TV personality and hairdresser.	Rachael Bermingham	entrepreneur	hairdresser
occupation	Juraj Krnjević (February 19, 1895 -- January 9, 1988) was a Croatian politician who was among the leaders of the Croatian Peasant Party (HSS).	Juraj Krnjević	politician
occupation	William Stuart Symington, Jr. (/ˈsaɪmɪŋtən/; June 26, 1901 -- December 14, 1988) was an American businessman and politician from Missouri.	Stuart Symington	politician
occupation	Shira Tarrant is an American writer on gender politics, feminism, sexuality, pop culture, and masculinity.	Shira Tarrant	writer
occupation	Dominick McCaffrey (born September 24, 1863 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania -- December 29, 1926) was an Irish-American boxer.	Dominick McCaffrey	boxer
occupation	Dr. Salim Mehmud, also known as Salim Mehmood, is a Pakistani rocket scientist and a nuclear engineer.	Salim Mehmud	engineer
occupation	Daniel D. Langleben is a psychiatrist, professor, and scientific researcher at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia.	Daniel D. Langleben	psychiatrist
occupation	Kalle Könkkölä (born January 16, 1950) is a Finnish politician and the first chairperson of the Green League.	Kalle Könkkölä	politician
occupation	David Winning (born May 8, 1961) is a Canadian and American dual Citizen film and television director, screenwriter, producer, editor, and occasional actor.	David Winning	screenwriter	actor
occupation	Bob Havens (born May 3, 1930) is an American big band and jazz musician who appeared on The Lawrence Welk Show from 1960 to 1982.	Bob Havens	jazz musician
occupation	Santiago Schnell DPhil (Oxon) FRSC is a biophysical chemist and computational & mathematical biologist.	Santiago Schnell	biologist
occupation	Khola Maryam Hübsch (born October 25, 1980 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German journalist and writer of German-Indian origin.	Khola Maryam Hübsch	journalist
occupation	Qin Shaobo (Chinese: 秦少波) is a Chinese actor, acrobat and contortionist.	Qin Shaobo	actor
occupation	Martine Beaugrand is a Canadian politician, who was acclaimed as the new interim mayor of Laval, Quebec on July 3, 2013 following the resignation of Alexandre Duplessis.	Martine Beaugrand	politician
occupation	Arch Oboler (December 7, 1909 -- March 19, 1987) was an American playwright, screenwriter, novelist, producer, and director who was active in radio, films, theater, and television.	Arch Oboler	screenwriter	novelist
occupation	Mark LaMura (born October 18, 1948 in Perth Amboy, NJ) (sometimes spelled Mark La Mura or Mark Lamura) is an American actor.	Mark LaMura	actor
occupation	Terry Hirst was a cartoonist and one of the leading figures in Africa's post-independence ``golden age'' of art and scholarship from the mid-1960s to the early 1980s which saw a flowering of work in the arts, cinema and the academic world.	Terry Hirst	cartoonist
occupation	Karishma Karki (Nepali: करिश्मा कार्की) is Nepali Olympian swimmer.	Karishma Karki	swimmer
occupation	Dale Webster, known as ``The Daily Wavester'', is a surfer who lives in Valley Ford, California.	Dale Webster	surfer
occupation	Kurt Swinghammer is a Canadian singer-songwriter and visual artist.	Kurt Swinghammer	singer
occupation	Richard Foss is an American journalist, science fiction author, and food historian who has also chaired science fiction conventions and worked as a travel agent, restaurant reviewer, theater director, and instructor in Elizabethan history and culinary history at Osher Institute/UCLA Extension.	Richard Foss	journalist
occupation	Brant Rosen (born February 22, 1963) is an American rabbi, journalist, author and blogger, known for his activism and outspokenness on behalf of the Palestinian people.	Brant Rosen	rabbi
occupation	Chris Savido (born Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania) is an American artist whose acrylic portrait of George W. Bush composed of monkeys created controversy when the managers of Chelsea Market closed down the ``ANIMAL'S PARADISE'' art exhibition there because of it.	Chris Savido	artist
occupation	Patricia Kennealy-Morrison (born Patricia Kennely; March 4, 1946) is an American author and journalist.	Patricia Kennealy-Morrison	journalist
occupation	Hugo Ferreira (born March 7, 1974) is a Portuguese-American African-born singer/songwriter musician.	Hugo Ferreira	singer	songwriter
occupation	Jerry Samuels (born Jerrold Samuels on May 3, 1938), known by the stage name Napoleon XIV, is an American singer, songwriter and record producer.	Napoleon XIV	singer, songwriter
occupation	Julius Harris (August 17, 1923 -- October 17, 2004) was an American actor who appeared in more than 70 movies and numerous television series in a career that spanned four decades.	Julius Harris	actor
occupation	Alex Anthony is best known as the Public Address announcer for Major League Baseball's New York Mets, a position he has held since 2004, first at Shea Stadium and then at Citi Field since the Mets moved there in 2009.	Alex Anthony	announcer
occupation	Marty Read is a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives, representing the newly redistricted 4th district(Mound City, Kansas in Linn County, Kansas), defeating Shirley Palmer (Kansas politician).	Marty Read	politician
occupation	Theresa Thomason is an American Gospel music singer.	Theresa Thomason	singer
occupation	John Charlton Fisher, Esq., L.L.D. (October 23, 1794 -- August 10, 1849) was a Canadian author, journalist, and publisher.	John Charlton Fisher	journalist
occupation	Michael Cussen (born 11 April 1984) is an Irish hurler who plays as a full-forward for the Cork senior team.	Michael Cussen	hurler
occupation	Honourable Sri Justice K. Punnaiah is an Indian politician and latterly high Court judge.	K. Punnaiah	politician	judge
occupation	Justin Kerr-Smiley is a writer and journalist who lives in London, England.	Justin Kerr-Smiley	journalist
occupation	Tresa Spaulding Hamson was an American basketball player for the BYU Cougars women's basketball team from 1983 to 1987.	Tresa Spaulding Hamson	basketball player
occupation	Anthony DeVitis (born July 14th, 1965) is a politician in the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 36th District since his election in November 2012.	Anthony DeVitis	politician
occupation	Frederick Nolting (August 24, 1911 -- December 14, 1989) was a United States diplomat who he served as United States Ambassador to South Vietnam from 1961 to 1963.	Frederick Nolting	diplomat
occupation	Marilyn Mazur (born January 18, 1955) is a percussionist, drummer, composer, vocalist, pianist, dancer and bandleader.	Marilyn Mazur	percussionist	composer
occupation	Aileen Quimado Iwamoto (born on August 29, 1988), known by her stage name Iwa Moto (イワ モト), is a Filipina-Japanese actress, model and reality television personality.	Iwa Moto	model
occupation	Diego de Vega (1570-16?) was a Portuguese merchant, it was the first banker in Buenos Aires.	Diego de Vega	merchant
occupation	Jim Rimmer (April 1, 1934 -- January 9, 2010) was a Canadian graphic designer, letterpress printer, proprietor of the Pie Tree Press and is especially notable as a designer of typefaces.	Jim Rimmer	graphic designer
occupation	Eugen Kolisko was the author of numerous written works, published both in German and English; the following are a few of his better known English publications: ``The Human Organism in the Light of Anthroposophy'' ``Lead and the Human Organism'' ``Nutrition and Agriculture'' ``The Threefold Human Organism:	Eugen Kolisko	author
occupation	Shartai Jaafar Abdel Hakam is a Sudanese politician who served as governor of West Darfur and Chairperson of the Transitional Darfur Regional Authority (TDRA).	Shartai Jaafar Abdel Hakam	politician
occupation	Rosalind Kurita is a Tennessee politician who was formerly Speaker pro tempore of the Tennessee State Senate, representing State Senate District 22 (Cheatham, Houston, and Montgomery Counties), centered on Clarksville.	Rosalind Kurita	politician
occupation	Kathryn Schulz is an American journalist and author, and the former book critic for New York magazine.	Kathryn Schulz	journalist
occupation	Dr. Robert P. Hoyt is a physicist and engineer who is known for his work developing the SpiderFab architecture for in-space additive manufacture of spacecraft as well as for his invention of the Hoytether.	Robert P. Hoyt	engineer
occupation	Gary Archibald is a Canadian meteorologist, journalist and television anchor.	Gary Archibald	journalist
occupation	Fran Jesenko (March 14, 1875 -- July 14, 1932) was a Slovenian botanist and plant geneticist who became notable for his work on the hybridisation of wheat and rye.	Fran Jesenko	botanist	geneticist
occupation	Yobert K. Shamapande PhD, is a prominent Zambian international development economist, politician and author who was born to peasant parents and raised in the rural Chibombo district of central Zambia.	Yobert K. Shamapande	economist
occupation	Alexandria Anderson (born January 28, 1987) is an American track and field sprinter who specializes in the 100-meter dash and 200-meter dash.	Alexandria Anderson	sprinter
occupation	Mark C. Zauderer is a New York trial and appellate lawyer, and a senior partner in the New York litigation boutique law firm Flemming Zulack Williamson Zauderer LLP.	Mark C. Zauderer	lawyer
occupation	Robert M. Warner (June 28, 1927 -- April 24, 2007) was an American historian who served as the Sixth Archivist of the United States at the National Archives, from 1980 to 1985.	Robert M. Warner	historian
occupation	Ali Zia (born March 20, 1957 in Lahore) is a former Pakistani first class cricketer who played from 1974/75 until 1992/93.	Ali Zia	cricketer
occupation	Shadi Talaat (Arabic: شادي طلعت‎; born August 11, 1989) is an Egyptian sabre fencer.	Shadi Talaat	fencer
occupation	Charles Ellsworth Russell, much better known by his nickname Pee Wee Russell (March 27, 1906 -- February 15, 1969), was a jazz musician.	Pee Wee Russell	jazz musician
occupation	Eddie Rouse (November 30, 1953 -- December 7, 2014) was an American character actor whose feature film credits included American Gangster, The Number 23, and Pineapple Express.	Eddie Rouse	actor
occupation	Kareen Wynter is a general assignment reporter for Los Angeles-based television station KTLA, joining the station in July 2013.	Kareen Wynter	reporter
occupation	William Edward Hickson (January 7, 1803 -- March 22, 1870), commonly known as W. E. Hickson, was a British educational writer.	William Edward Hickson	writer
occupation	Gene Raymond (August 13, 1908 -- May 3, 1998) was an American film, television, and stage actor of the 1930s and 1940s.	Gene Raymond	actor
occupation	Vanessa Zamora Ramírez (born July 22, 1991), known professionally as Vanessa Zamora, is a Mexican singer and songwriter.	Vanessa Zamora	singer
occupation	Phil Rice (also known as Philip James Rice) (born Lancashire, England) is a songwriter, producer and keyboard player.	Phil Rice	songwriter
occupation	Daniel Lacambre is a cinematographer best known for his work for Roger Corman.	Daniel Lacambre	cinematographer
occupation	She is the lead singer of Danielle LoPresti and The Masses, an activist rock band out of San Diego, CA, and is the co-founder and producer of San Diego IndieFest.	Danielle LoPresti	singer
occupation	Alex Wong is a Malaysian independent musician and singer who performs under the stage name SingleTrackMind, and also a retired professional jet ski racer.	SingleTrackMind	singer
occupation	John Nance Garner IV, known among his contemporaries as ``Cactus Jack'' (November 22, 1868 -- November 7, 1967), was an American Democratic politician and lawyer from Texas.	John Nance Garner	politician	lawyer
occupation	On June 8, 1996 at the age of 55 years, Paul Youssef Matar was appointed archbishop of the Archeparchy of Beirut.	Paul Youssef Matar	archbishop
occupation	Dudley Fitts (April 28, 1903 -- July 10, 1968) was an American teacher, critic, poet, and translator.	Dudley Fitts	poet	translator
occupation	Sébastien Foucras (born January 4, 1971) is a French freestyle skier and Olympic medalist.	Sébastien Foucras	freestyle skier
occupation	Farouk Abdel Wahab Mustafa (also known as Farouk Abdel Wahab) was an Egyptian academic and translator based in the USA.	Farouk Abdel Wahab Mustafa	translator
occupation	Julius Stumpf was a German physician and scientist who used white clay from Germany to treat a deadly form of Asian cholera, diphtheria, gangrene, ulcers of the tibia and the skin disease eczema.	Julius Stumpf	physician
occupation	Abdul Raheem Glailati ('Abd al-Rahman Qalilat) was a renowned Sudanese poet, author and newspaper editor.	Abdul Raheem Glailati	poet
occupation	Carl Breer (1883--1970) was an American automotive industry engineer.	Carl Breer	engineer
occupation	Su Wu (simplified Chinese: 苏武; traditional Chinese: 蘇武; pinyin: Sū Wǔ; Wade--Giles: Su Wu; 140 BC - 60 BC) was a Chinese diplomat and statesman of the Han Dynasty.	Su Wu	diplomat
occupation	David Bazan (/bəˈzɑːn/; born January 22, 1976) is an indie rock singer-songwriter from Seattle, Washington.	David Bazan	singer-songwriter
occupation	David Roitman (November 1, 1884 -- April 4, 1943) was a Russian-American hazzan and composer.	David Roitman	hazzan	composer
occupation	Avraham Friedman is an Orthodox rabbi and Talmudic scholar in Skokie, Illinois.	Avraham Friedman	rabbi
occupation	Kashief Lindo (born c.1978) is a Jamaican reggae singer.	Kashief Lindo	singer
occupation	Matt Lukin (born August 16, 1964) is an American musician, best known as a bassist and founding member of the Melvins and Mudhoney.	Matt Lukin	bassist
occupation	Éder Saúl López is a Mexican actor, stunt man, and model.	Éder Saúl López	actor
occupation	Mustafa Zaidi (Urdu: مصطفیٰ زیدی‎) (1930--1970) was a progressive Urdu poet.	Mustafa Zaidi	poet
occupation	Mitch Buonaguro (born December 4, 1953) is an American college basketball coach and current assistant men's basketball coach at Fairfield University.	Mitch Buonaguro	basketball coach
occupation	Summer Rose Virshup better known as Summer XO, (born August 12, 1985) is a Los Angeles-based American singer-songwriter who plays guitar, piano, and ukulele.	Summer XO	singer-songwriter
occupation	Charles H. Heath (November 4, 1829 -- July 12, 1889) was a Vermont politician and attorney who served as President of the Vermont State Senate.	Charles H. Heath	politician
occupation	Mac McNeilly is an American musician, best known as the drummer for The Jesus Lizard.	Mac McNeilly	musician
occupation	Frank Gari (born Frank Daniel Garofalo in New York City on April 1, 1944) is a popular singer and songwriter from the late 1950s and early 1960s.	Frank Gari	singer
occupation	George Sumner Bridges (born September 16, 1950) is an American sociologist and the President of The Evergreen State College.	George Sumner Bridges	sociologist
occupation	Richard Arden-Davis was an English first-class cricketer with Middlesex.	Richard Arden-Davis	cricketer
occupation	Justin Vivian Bond (born May 9, 1963) is an American singer-songwriter, author, painter, performance artist, occasional actor, drag queen, and Radical Faerie.	Justin Vivian Bond	singer	drag queen
occupation	Richard Scrimger is a Canadian writer who has published fourteen books since 1996.	Richard Scrimger	writer
occupation	Nadia Oh is an English singer, rapper and producer.	Nadia Oh	singer	rapper
occupation	Kwanza Jones is an American dance / pop singer and songwriter.	Kwanza Jones	singer and songwriter
occupation	Han Zenki (潘善琪, born October 7, 1977, also known as Pan Shanqi) (Chinese: 潘善琪; pinyin: Pān Shànqí) is a professional Go player.	Han Zenki	Go player
occupation	Jonas Prapiestis (born August 2, 1952) is a Lithuanian judge, Professor of criminal law and politician.	Jonas Prapiestis	judge	politician
occupation	Chris Stafford (born Christopher Stafford on July 18, 1977, in Collinsville, Illinois) is an American actor.	Chris Stafford	actor
occupation	Gergely Gaal (born June 3, 1977) is a Hungarian educator and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz--	Gergely Gaal	politician
occupation	Andrés Lewin-Richter Ossiander (born 1937) is a Spanish composer of electronic music.	Andrés Lewin-Richter Ossiander	composer
occupation	El Hijo del Fantasma (Spanish for Son of the Ghost), also working under the ring name King Cuerno, is a Mexican professional wrestler active as a rudo in Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA).	El Hijo del Fantasma	professional wrestler
occupation	Sharon Weinberger is an American journalist and writer on defense and security issues.	Sharon Weinberger	journalist
occupation	Carlos Newton (born August 17, 1976) is a Canadian retired mixed martial artist and one of the original MMA pioneers.	Carlos Newton	mixed martial artist
occupation	Andru Branch is a Canadian reggae musician.	Andru Branch	musician
occupation	Andrew Benator is an actor best known for his work in the cult hit mock-umentary Filmic Achievement and in his string of national Citibank ads featuring him losing his bill, waiting on the phone while on hold with his bank, etc. He performed with the Rude Machanicals Theater Company.	Andrew Benator	actor
occupation	Shannon Vreeland (born November 15, 1991) is an American competition swimmer who is an Olympic gold medalist.	Shannon Vreeland	swimmer
occupation	Max Margules was a mathematician, physicist, and chemist.	Max Margules	mathematician	physicist	chemist
occupation	William Weir Stickney (24 Jun 1801 - 16 Mar 1888) was an American attorney and politician who served as the United States Attorney for the District of New Hampshire.	William Weir Stickney	politician
occupation	Anna-Maria Zimmermann (born December 14, 1988 in Gütersloh, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German singer and a Deutschland sucht den Superstar participant in 2006.	Anna-Maria Zimmermann	singer
occupation	Col. Mohamed Ahmed Alin (Somali: Maxamed Axmed Aliin, Arabic: محمد أحمد علين‎) is a Somali politician and former military leader.	Mohamed Ahmed Alin	politician
occupation	Orestes Ojeda (Luis Pagalilauan (born January 3, 1956) in real life, from Cagayan Valley) was a Filipino actor in movies and television.	Orestes Ojeda	actor
occupation	Sarah Posner is an American journalist and author.	Sarah Posner	journalist
occupation	Frederick Dierks Bentley (born November 20, 1975), known professionally as Dierks Bentley, is an American singer and songwriter who has been signed to Capitol Nashville since 2003.	Dierks Bentley	singer and songwriter
occupation	Gambhir Singh Mura was an Indian tribal dancer known for his contributions to the tribal martial dance of Chhau.	Gambhir Singh Mura	dancer
occupation	Elizabeth Gertrude Britton (née Elizabeth Gertrude Knight) (January 9, 1858 -- February 25, 1934) was an American botanist, bryologist, and educator.	Elizabeth Gertrude Britton	botanist	bryologist
occupation	Toby Huss (born December 9, 1966) is an American actor and screenwriter best known for portraying Artie in the Nickelodeon series The Adventures of Pete & Pete (1993--1996).	Toby Huss	actor
occupation	Michael Ziegfeld now ``Michael Paul'' is an American producer, comedian, ventriloquist and voice actor.	Michael Ziegfeld	voice actor
occupation	Kumar Navaratnam was a popular rock and roll singer in Colombo, Sri Lanka during the 1960s and 1970s .	Kumar Navaratnam	singer
occupation	Giuseppe Calì (August 14, 1846 -- March 1, 1930) was a Maltese painter, born in Valletta of Neapolitan parents and educated at the Accademia delle Belle Arti in Naples under Giuseppe Mancinelli.	Giuseppe Calì	painter
occupation	Franz Sala (1886--1952) was an Italian film actor who appeared in over seventy films, mostly during the silent era.	Franz Sala	actor
occupation	Drew Cheetwood (born July 14, 1983) is an American actor and personal trainer.	Drew Cheetwood	actor
occupation	Alessandro Scorzoni (Calcara di Crespellano, Province of Bologna, April 22, 1858 - Bologna, July 31, 1933) was an Italian painter, who depicted eclectic subjects, including sacred images, allegorical paintings, portraits, and landscapes.	Alessandro Scorzoni	painter
occupation	Con Errico (November 4, 1921 - March 21, 1993) was an American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey who went to prison after being convicted of race-fixing.	Con Errico	jockey
occupation	Sophie Boilley (born 18 December 1989) is a retired French biathlete and soldier.	Sophie Boilley	biathlete
occupation	Frank Armstrong Crawford Vanderbilt (January 18, 1839 -- May 4, 1885) was an American socialite and philanthropist.	Frank Armstrong Crawford Vanderbilt	socialite
occupation	Sohail Rana is a Pakistani music composer for films.	Sohail Rana	composer
occupation	Filippo de Lurano (also Luprano, or Lorano) (c. 1475 -- after 1520) was an Italian composer of the Renaissance.	Filippo de Lurano	composer
occupation	Raymond De Felitta (born June 30, 1964) is an American independent film director, screenwriter and musician.	Raymond De Felitta	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Douglas Romayne (born June 21, 1974) is a composer writing music for moving pictures (television, film, new media).	Douglas Romayne	composer
occupation	Jean K. Chalaby is a sociologist who specializes in global media, transnational television (including channels and formats), comparative media studies, and media history.	Jean K. Chalaby	sociologist
occupation	Dem Rădulescu (Romanian pronunciation: (dem rəduˈlesku); September 21, 1931 -- September 10, 2000) was a Romanian theatre, film and television actor and academic.	Dem Rădulescu	actor
occupation	Sweta Singh is an Indian journalist and news presenter.	Sweta Singh	journalist
occupation	Aline Valangin was a Swiss writer, pianist, and psychoanalyst.	Aline Valangin	writer
occupation	Cao Mianying (Chinese: 曹棉英; born June 19, 1967) is a Chinese rower.	Cao Mianying	rower
occupation	E. N. J. Carter (the pen-name for Earl Carter) is an American copywriter and novelist.	E. N. J. Carter	novelist
occupation	Annick Papillon (born May 27, 1980 in Rimouski, Quebec) is a Canadian politician, who served in the Canadian House of Commons from 2011 to 2015.	Annick Papillon	politician
occupation	Jack Tarpley Camp Jr. (born October 30, 1943) is a former United States federal judge who retired from the bench in November 2010 after pleading guilty to drug related charges, including a felony count for giving a stripper cocaine even though he knew she was a convicted felon.	Jack Tarpley Camp Jr.	judge
occupation	Liverus Hull (September 14, 1822 -- May 2, 1894) was a Massachusetts businessman and politician who served as a member of the Boards of Aldermen of Charlestown and Boston, and as the ninth mayor of Charlestown, Massachusetts.	Liverus Hull	politician
occupation	Mark Matousek (born February 5, 1957) is an American memoirist, teacher, and journalist.	Mark Matousek	journalist
occupation	Dan Wasserman is an American political cartoonist for The Boston Globe.	Dan Wasserman	cartoonist
occupation	The buzz 6 Tre G developed behind bars as a fierce battle rapper on the prison yard leaked so far into the free world that he landed a lucrative 7-year deal through Warner Brothers with a net worth of $11 million.	6 Tre G	rapper
occupation	Jason Reischel (born April 19, 1976) is an American singer-songwriter from Brooklyn, New York who sometimes goes by the stage name My Cousin, The Emperor.	Jason Reischel	singer-songwriter
occupation	Iraj Kalantari Taleghani is a renowned contemporary Iranian architect, famous for his contribution to the modernization of Iranian architecture.	Iraj Kalantari Taleghani	architect
occupation	Dr. Michael J. Neufeld is a historian and author.	Michael J. Neufeld	historian
occupation	Roger Kitter (20 October 1949 -- 3 January 2015) was a British actor best known for playing Captain Alberto Bertorelli in series 7 of the British sitcom TV series 'Allo 'Allo!.	Roger Kitter	actor
occupation	Nawell Azzouz better known as Wallen (born January 23, 1978) is a French R&B singer.	Wallen	singer
occupation	Russell Streiner (born February 6, 1940), also credited as Russ Streiner and Russell W. Streiner, is an American film producer and actor.	Russell Streiner	film producer	actor
occupation	John Thomas Howell (November 6, 1903 -- May 7, 1994) was an American botanist and Eriogonum expert.	John Thomas Howell	botanist
occupation	Richard Randolph McMahon (July 30, 1852 -- April 19, 1935) was a lawyer from West Virginia who served as Solicitor of the United States Treasury.	Richard Randolph McMahon	lawyer
occupation	Siôn Cent (ca. 1400 -- 1430/45), (or 1367? -- 1430?) was a Welsh language poet, and is an important figure in Medieval Welsh literature.	Siôn Cent	poet
occupation	Jerome Quinn (May 23, 1910 -- February 29, 2008) was a Wisconsin politician and realtor.	Jerome Quinn	politician
occupation	Vaneeza Ahmad Ali, nicknamed Vinny, (Urdu: ونیزہ احمد‎; born June 29, 1971) is a Pakistani model and actress.	Vaneeza Ahmad	model
occupation	Billings Learned Hand (/ˈlɜːrnᵻd/ LURN-id; January 27, 1872 -- August 18, 1961) was a United States judge and judicial philosopher.	Learned Hand	judge	philosopher
occupation	Glenn R. Conrad (September 3, 1932 -- June 4, 2003) was a historian of south Louisiana culture, as well as an expert on archival studies, nineteenth-century European history, and the history of colonial Louisiana.	Glenn R. Conrad	historian
occupation	Nate Mooney (c.1971) is an American actor best known for his recurring role as Ryan McPoyle on the FX comedy series It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.	Nate Mooney	actor
occupation	Danielle Hanus (born in March 16, 1998) is a Canadian youth swimmer who competes in the women's freestyle, backstroke, and individual medley competitions.	Danielle Hanus	swimmer
occupation	Dude Walker is an American voice-over talent and actor based in New York City.	Dude Walker	actor
occupation	Barry Cowsill (September 14, 1954 -- c. August 29, 2005) was an American musician and member of the musical group The Cowsills.	Barry Cowsill	musician
occupation	A. Lee Martinez is an American fantasy and science fiction author.	A. Lee Martinez	author
occupation	Antoine Marguier is a French orchestra conductor.	Antoine Marguier	conductor
occupation	C. Raja Mohan is an Indian academic, journalist and foreign policy analyst.	Raja Mohan	journalist
occupation	Hedwig Gorski (born July 18, 1949) is an American performance poet and an avant-garde artist who labels her aesthetic as ``American futurism.''	Hedwig Gorski	poet
occupation	Ashok Banthia, sometimes referred as Ashok Bathia or Ashok Bhatia, is a Hindi film and TV and theatre actor and director.	Ashok Banthia	actor
occupation	Jiang Zhujiu (Chinese: 江铸久; born February 17, 1962 in Taiyuan) is a Chinese professional Go player.	Jiang Zhujiu	Go player
occupation	Helen Redfield (born May 5, 1900 in Archbold, Ohio, died 1988), was an American geneticist.	Helen Redfield	geneticist
occupation	Sophie Moleta is an Australian singer, songwriter, composer and teacher with an intimate singing style.	Sophie Moleta	singer
occupation	Walter Cartier (March 29, 1922 -- August 17, 1995) was a professional boxer turned actor, originally from the Bronx in New York City, New York.	Walter Cartier	actor
occupation	Jefferson B. Snyder, known as Jeff Snyder (January 19, 1859 -- October 18, 1951), was a lawyer and politician from the Mississippi River delta country of northeastern Louisiana.	Jefferson B. Snyder	lawyer	politician
occupation	Thao + Mirah (2010) In early 2010, after performing with singer-songwriter Thao Nguyen at the Noise Pop Festival in San Francisco, the two announced a 2010 North American tour, billed under the name Thao and Mirah with the Most of All.	Mirah	singer
occupation	Felix Kolawole Bajomo (Chief Kola Bajomo) is a Nigerian politician who was elected a member of the Senate for the Ogun West constituency of Ogun State in April 2007.	Felix Kolawole Bajomo	politician
occupation	Brandon Iron (born on July 14, 1968) is a Canadian pornographic actor and director.	Brandon Iron	pornographic actor
occupation	William A. Wojnar, Ph.D. is a classical organist and a professor of music at Jamestown College, Jamestown, ND.	William A. Wojnar	organist
occupation	Mpho Skeef (pronounced Mmm'po), known by her stage name of Mpho (often stylised MPHO), is a South African-born British singer-songwriter based in London.	MPHO	singer-songwriter
occupation	Kristin dos Santos (née Veitch; born February 24, 1975) is an American journalist and columnist for the E! cable channel, specializing in coverage of current-day television series airing on the major American broadcast, cable and premium networks, along with streaming sources.	Kristin dos Santos	journalist
occupation	John Ferguson Weir (1841--1926) was an American painter, sculptor, writer, and educator.	John Ferguson Weir	painter
occupation	Henry Franklin Kilburn, FAIA, (February 20, 1844, Ashfield, Massachusetts -- September 26, 1905, New York City) was an American architect active in late-nineteenth- and early-twentieth-century New York City who is particularly associated with church architecture.	Henry Franklin Kilburn	architect
occupation	Zalpa Bersanova was born into the family of the famous Chechen writer Khozh-Akhmed Bersanov.	Zalpa Bersanova	writer
occupation	Rabbi Kalman Topp is an American rabbi, educator and author, currently serving as the Senior Rabbi of the Beth Jacob Congregation of Beverly Hills, California.	Kalman Topp	rabbi
occupation	William Foushee, Sr. (October 26, 1749 -- August 21, 1824) was an American physician, politician, and socialite.	William Foushee	politician
occupation	Simon Loftus, OBE, is a British wine trader, restaurateur and writer on wine and travel.	Simon Loftus	restaurateur
occupation	Walter Conrad Arensberg (April 4, 1878 -- January 29, 1954) was an American art collector, critic and poet.	Walter Conrad Arensberg	art collector
occupation	Joseph Cortese (born February 22, 1948) is an American actor who had major roles in films such as Windows (1980), Evilspeak (1981) and Monsignor (1982).	Joseph Cortese	actor
occupation	Phani Majumdar was a pioneering Indian film director, who worked in Hindi cinema, most known for his film Street Singer (1938) starring K.L. Saigal noted for its song, Babul Mora Naihar Chhooto Jaye, Meena Kumari classic Aarti (1962) and Oonche Log (1965).	Phani Majumdar	film director
occupation	Habiballah Esmaili (حبیب اله اسماعیلی) is an Iranian historian.	Habiballah Esmaili	historian
occupation	Józef Baka (Lithuanian: Juozapas Baka) was a late Baroque poet, Jesuit priest and missionary.	Józef Baka	poet
occupation	Paul Porter (born c. 1954) is an American public address announcer best known for his work for the Orlando Magic of the NBA.	Paul Porter	announcer
occupation	Jannelle So (born September 9, 1977) is a journalist and broadcaster known for her work as the creator, host and producer of ``Kababayan Today'' (formerly ``Kababayan L.A.), a daily show magazine/talk show for and about Filipinos airing on KSCI (LA-18) television.	Jannelle So	journalist
occupation	William G. Draper (June 28, 1920 -- November 26, 1964) was a career military officer and Air Force Aide to President Dwight D. Eisenhower.	William G. Draper	officer
occupation	Jules Jordan (born May 25, 1972) is an American pornographic movie director, actor and producer who is widely regarded as the most accomplished gonzo director of his generation.	Jules Jordan	actor
occupation	Tan Jing (simplified Chinese: 谭晶; traditional Chinese: 譚晶; pinyin: Tán Jīng) (born September 11, 1977) is a solo singer in the Song and Dance Ensemble of the People's Liberation Army and a first class national actress.	Tan Jing	singer
occupation	Jackie Winters (born April 15, 1937) is an American Republican politician in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Jackie Winters	politician
occupation	Manuel José Othón (June 14, 1858 -- November 28, 1906) was a poet, playwright, and Mexican politician.	Manuel José Othón	poet	playwright	politician
occupation	Bryan Lloyd Danielson (born May 22, 1981) is an American retired professional wrestler best known for his tenure in WWE under the ring name Daniel Bryan.	Daniel Bryan	professional wrestler
occupation	Nick Spencer is a comic book writer and former politician.	Nick Spencer	writer
occupation	Hiacynt Alchimowicz (11 September 1841, Dziembrów, Grodno Region - after 1897, France?) was a Polish painter in the Classical style who specialized in watercolor landscapes.	Hiacynt Alchimowicz	painter
occupation	Adam Brodsky is a locally popular anti-folk singer from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Adam Brodsky	singer
occupation	Henry Kwong is a Hong Kong racing driver previously competing in the World Touring Car Championship driver, where he made his debut in 2014.	Henry Kwong	racing driver
occupation	Tamim Bashir was a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who died of cerebral malaria on June 18, 2004, aged only 19.	Tamim Bashir	cricketer
occupation	Theresa Wolfson (1897--1972) was an American labor economist and educator.	Theresa Wolfson	economist
occupation	Jim Greco (born December 25, 1977) is an American professional skateboarder.	Jim Greco	skateboarder
occupation	Hugh H. Moore (born June 4, 1844 County Limerick, Ireland) was an American politician from New York.	Hugh H. Moore	politician
occupation	Peire d'Ussel or d'Uisel (Pèire d'Ussèl in modern Occitan; fl. c. 1200) was a Limousin troubadour, the middle of three brothers, castellans of the castle of Ussel-sur-Sarzonne, northeast of Ventadorn.	Peire d'Ussel	troubadour
occupation	Lawrence Garfinkel (January 11, 1922 -- January 21, 2010) was an American epidemiologist involved in demonstrating the link between smoking and lung cancer.	Lawrence Garfinkel	epidemiologist
occupation	Hana Mae Lee is an American actress, model, comedian, and fashion designer.	Hana Mae Lee	model
occupation	Francis H. Rankin, Jr. (December 28, 1854 -- December 7, 1925) was a Michigan politician and publisher.	Francis H. Rankin, Jr.	politician
occupation	Sam McCandless is an American musician, producer, and artist.	Sam McCandless	musician
occupation	Conrad of Gelnhausen (c. 1320 -- 1390) was a German theologian and canon lawyer, and one of the founders of the conciliar movement of the late fourteenth century.	Conrad of Gelnhausen	theologian	canon
occupation	Daisy von Scherler Mayer, sometimes credited as Daisy Mayer (born September 14, 1966) is an American film and television director.	Daisy von Scherler Mayer	television director
occupation	Rosa Pam Durban (born March 4, 1947 Aiken, South Carolina) is an American novelist, and short story writer.	Pam Durban	novelist
occupation	Hugh Alexander Bryson (August 21, 1912 -- October 13, 1987) was a Canadian politician, farmer and insurance agent.	Hugh Alexander Bryson	politician
occupation	Paliyath Jayachandrakuttan, popularly known as P. Jayachandran, is a South Indian playback singer from Kerala.	P. Jayachandran	singer
occupation	Marcelo Piñeyro (born March 5, 1953) is an Argentine award-winning film director, screenwriter, and film producer.	Marcelo Piñeyro	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Richard Bone (born February 3, 1952) is an American electronic musician.	Richard Bone	musician
occupation	Robert Fontaine Jr. (born July 11, 1967 in Brooklyn, New York, USA) is an American actor most notably recognized for his role as Rafe Castillo on NBC's soap opera Santa Barbara.	Robert Fontaine Jr.	actor
occupation	John J. Cove is a Canadian anthropologist known for his work with the Gitksan First Nation of northern British Columbia.	John J. Cove	anthropologist
occupation	Matteo Loves was a painter active in Cento from about 1625 to 1662.	Matteo Loves	painter
occupation	Florence Klotz (October 28, 1920 -- November 1, 2006) was an American costume designer on Broadway and film.	Florence Klotz	costume designer
occupation	Jason Chervokas is an American journalist, educator, writer, commentator, entrepreneur and musician.	Jason Chervokas	journalist
occupation	Peter Orno appears as the author of short papers written by an anonymous mathematician; thus ``Peter Orno'' is a pseudonym.	Peter Orno	mathematician
occupation	Moussa Sene Absa, Moussa Sène Absa,or Moussa Sène Absa (proper name: Moussa Sène) is a Senegalese film director, editor, producer, screenwriter, painter and songwriter.	Moussa Sene Absa	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Gualberto Fabricio de Vagad was an Aragonese Cistercian Benedictine monk and the first historian of the Kingdom of Aragon.	Gualberto Fabricio de Vagad	historian
occupation	Helen Haywood was an English writer and illustrator of children's books.	Helen Haywood	illustrator
occupation	Eli Fara (born 21 May 1960) is a popular Albanian folk singer from Korçë.	Eli Fara	singer
occupation	Rolland Bastien (January 27, 1931 -- August 11, 2012) was an American professional wrestler, better known as Red Bastien.	Red Bastien	professional wrestler
occupation	Warren Randolph Burgess (May 7, 1889 -- September 16, 1978) was an American banker and diplomat who served as ambassador to NATO from 1957 to 1961.	Warren Randolph Burgess	diplomat
occupation	Theodore Douglas Robinson (April 28, 1883 -- April 10, 1934) was an American politician from New York, and a member of the Roosevelt family.	Theodore Douglas Robinson	politician
occupation	Paul Hertzberg is an American producer, actor, casting, and writer.	Paul Hertzberg	actor	writer
occupation	Mary Martha Byrne (born December 23, 1969) is an American actress, singer and television writer.	Martha Byrne	singer
occupation	Ante Kušurin (born June 9, 1983 in Nova Gradiška) is a Croatian rower, who specialized in the double sculls.	Ante Kušurin	rower
occupation	Emile St. Godard (15 August 1905 - 26 March 1948) was a Canadian dog musher and dog sled racer from Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Emile St. Godard	musher
occupation	Leah Gilliam is an American filmmaker and media artist who deals with issues of race, gender, and sexual orientation in her art. Gilliam was the Director of Projects and Community Catalyst at gamelab's Institute of Play and a visiting faculty member at the Vermont College of Fine Arts.	Leah Gilliam	artist
occupation	This name was derived from a combination of the pseudonyms of master painter Hanabusa Itcho, and that of his successor Hanabusa Ikkei, with whom Kunisada had studied a new style of painting around 1824 - 1825.	Kunisada	painter
occupation	Fábio Barreto (born June 6, 1957) is a Brazilian filmmaker, actor, screenwriter, and film producer.	Fábio Barreto	actor
occupation	Simizhi Sundaram Iyer (Tamil: சுந்தரம் ஐயர்) (1884--1927) was a Carnatic music composer.	Simizhi Sundaram Iyer	composer
occupation	Roshana Taquise Palmer (born March 8, 1989) is a Canadian Positive/Inspirational R&B singer/songwriter managed by S4 Entertainment.	Roshana	singer
occupation	Haco is a Japanese singer, composer, multi-instrumentalist and sound artist, known for her work with After Dinner and Hoahio, among others.	Haco	composer
occupation	Heriberto Juárez (March 16, 1932 -- August 26, 2008) was a self-taught Mexican sculptor, known for his depictions of women and animals, especially bulls.	Heriberto Juárez	sculptor
occupation	Thorsten Hens (born December 19, 1961) is a German economist and finance academic.	Thorsten Hens	economist
occupation	Peter Frechette (/frəˈʃɛt/ frə-SHET; born October 3, 1956) is an American film, stage and television actor.	Peter Frechette	television actor
occupation	Chuck McCann (born September 2, 1934) is an American stage, film, television, voice actor and television personality.	Chuck McCann	voice actor
occupation	Juozas Girnius (May 23, 1915 in Sudeikiai, Utena district -- September 13, 1994 in Boston, Massachusetts) was a Lithuanian existentialist philosopher.	Juozas Girnius	philosopher
occupation	Wang Jing-li (Chinese: 王勁力; born September 7, 1976 in Taiwan) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Wang Jing-li	baseball player
occupation	Panos Koutrouboussis (Greek: Πάνος Κουτρουμπούσης; born 1937) is a Greek writer and artist.	Panos Koutrouboussis	writer
occupation	Safdar Tawakoli (Persian: صفدر توکلی‎‎) (born 1942) is a musician from Afghanistan who focuses on afghan folkloric music Hazaragi music.	Safdar Tawakoli	musician
occupation	Michael Glick is an American dentist, professor and researcher.	Michael Glick	dentist
occupation	Brane Mozetič (born 14 October 1958) is a Slovene poet, writer, editor and translator.	Brane Mozetič	writer
occupation	Michelle Sy is an American film producer and executive producer.	Michelle Sy	film producer
occupation	Stephan Klapproth (born 1958 in Luzern, Canton of Luzern) is a Swiss journalist, television presenter and professor, who was from 1993 to 2015 the popular anchorman of the Swiss national evening news shows 10vor10.	Stephan Klapproth	journalist	television presenter
occupation	Kimberly Ovitz (born July 10, 1983) is an American fashion designer and founder/creative director of the fashion line Kimberly Ovitz.	Kimberly Ovitz	fashion designer
occupation	Dr. Arthur Ting is an orthopaedic surgeon and the team physician for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League and San Jose Sabercats of the Arena Football League.	Arthur Ting	surgeon
occupation	Salvador Nava Martínez (April 7, 1914 - May 18, 1992) was a Mexican physician, politician and activist.	Salvador Nava Martínez	politician
occupation	Barry Gordon (born December 21, 1948) is an American film, television and voice actor and political talk show host and producer.	Barry Gordon	actor
occupation	Ashley Parker Angel (born August 1, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter and actor who rose to fame with the boyband O-Town.	Ashley Parker Angel	singer, songwriter	actor
occupation	Charles Eisenmann (October 5, 1855 -- December 8, 1927) was a famous New York photographer during the late 1880s who worked in the Bowery district.	Charles Eisenmann	photographer
occupation	Thomas Telford FRS, FRSE (1757--1834) was a Scottish civil engineer, architect and stonemason, and a noted road, bridge and canal builder.	Thomas Telford	civil engineer	architect
occupation	Annina Enckell (born 19 September 1957) is a Finnish award winning playwright and screenwriter.	Annina Enckell	playwright	screenwriter
occupation	Itzik Kol (Hebrew: איציק קול‎; January 12, 1932 -- July 8, 2007) was an Israeli television and film producer considered by many to be a pioneer and originator of Israeli cinema.	Itzik Kol	film producer
occupation	Josh Ostrander is an American singer-songwriter best known for being the front man of Eastern Conference Champions (ECC), a band started with his long-time friend and collaborator Greg Lyons.	Josh Ostrander	singer-songwriter
occupation	Joyce Tyldesley is a British archaeologist and Egyptologist, academic, writer and broadcaster.	Joyce Tyldesley	archaeologist
occupation	Hirotaka Sugawara (菅原寛孝 Sugawara Hirotaka, born March 15, 1938) is a Japanese physicist, specializing in the theoretical study of particle physics.	Hirotaka Sugawara	physicist
occupation	Eldred Gregory Peck (April 5, 1916 -- June 12, 2003) was an American actor who was one of the most popular film stars from the 1940s to the 1960s.	Gregory Peck	actor
occupation	Basheer Segu Dawood (Bazir Ceegu Dhawood) is a Sri Lankan politician and Member of Parliament.	Basheer Segu Dawood	politician
occupation	Samuel Goldwyn (born Szmuel Gelbfisz (Yiddish: שמואל גלבפֿיש‎); August 17, 1879 -- January 31, 1974), also known as Samuel Goldfish, was a Jewish Polish American film producer.	Samuel Goldwyn	film producer
occupation	Derek Hough (/ˈhʌf/; born May 17, 1985) is an American professional Latin and ballroom dancer, choreographer, actor, singer, and songwriter.	Derek Hough	actor	singer
occupation	Henri de Tonti (1649/50 - 1704) was an Italian soldier, explorer, and fur trader in the service of France.	Henri de Tonti	explorer
occupation	Richard E. Meyer (May 8, 1939 - August 18, 1992) was an American businessman, entrepreneur and record producer.	Richard E. Meyer	entrepreneur	record producer
occupation	François Perron is a French-born ballet dancer, choreographer and teacher, who now works and resides in the United States.	François Perron	choreographer
occupation	Reginald Engelbach (July 9, 1888 -- February 26, 1946) was an English Egyptologist and engineer.	Reginald Engelbach	engineer
occupation	Jack Hoxie (January 11, 1885 -- March 28, 1965) was an American rodeo performer and motion picture actor whose career was most prominent in the silent film era of the 1910s through the 1930s.	Jack Hoxie	actor
occupation	Amat Al Alim Alsoswa (Arabic: امه العليم السوسوه‎; Ta'izz, Yemen, August 27, 1958) is a Yemeni journalist and politician for the Yemeni Socialist Party.	Amat Al Alim Alsoswa	politician
occupation	Roberto McLellan (born October 5, 1984), is a Canadian professional boxer in the Middleweight division and is the former Canadian Professional Boxing Council - Light Middleweight Champion.	Roberto McLellan	boxer
occupation	Benjamin S. Edwards (June 3, 1818 -- February 4, 1886) was an Illinois lawyer, politician, and judge.	Benjamin S. Edwards	lawyer
occupation	Janice Giteck (born June 27, 1946 in New York) is an American composer.	Janice Giteck	composer
occupation	Gale Storm (April 5, 1922 -- June 27, 2009) was an American actress and singer who starred in two popular television programs of the 1950s, My Little Margie and The Gale Storm Show.	Gale Storm	singer
occupation	Paul Laurence Dunbar (June 27, 1872 -- February 9, 1906) was an American poet, novelist, and playwright of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Paul Laurence Dunbar	novelist
occupation	Ricardo Belmont Cassinelli was a Peruvian TV network owner and politician in the early 1990s.	Ricardo Belmont Cassinelli	politician
occupation	Iacomo Andrea was an architect from Ferrara and the author on a commentary on Vitruvius.	Iacomo Andrea	architect
occupation	Old Rashko or Old man Raško (Serbian: Старац Рашко; Старац Рашко Колашинац) was a Serbian storyteller and gusle player (guslar) known as one of the most important sources of the epic poetry recorded by Vuk Karadžić.	Old Rashko	gusle player
occupation	Rosalyn Tureck (December 14, 1914 -- July 17, 2003) was an American pianist and harpsichordist who was particularly associated with the music of Johann Sebastian Bach.	Rosalyn Tureck	pianist
occupation	Michael Varhol is a screenwriter and film producer.	Michael Varhol	screenwriter
occupation	Prem Joshua (Hindi: प्रेम जोशुआ) is a German musician, active since 1991.	Prem Joshua	musician
occupation	Viktor Lomidze, also known by his Polish name of Wiktor Łomidze-Wachtang, was a Georgian-Polish military officer.	Viktor Lomidze	officer
occupation	Cambridge Jones (real name Paul Barrow) is a British celebrity portrait photographer.	Cambridge Jones	photographer
occupation	Pat Duffy (born January 17, 1975) is a goofy-footed professional skateboarder, and is widely recognized among skateboarders for his handrail skateboarding.	Pat Duffy	skateboarder
occupation	Mahlon Clark (March 7, 1923 -- September 20, 2007) was an American musician who was a member of the Lawrence Welk orchestra from 1962 to 1968.	Mahlon Clark	musician
occupation	Lucia Cormani was a 19th and early 20th-century Italian ballet dancer and one of the founders of the Royal Academy of Dance.	Lucia Cormani	ballet dancer
occupation	Chacho Gaytán (born Gonzalo Gaytán Barragán on January 5, 1969) is a Mexican musician, composer and member of Sentidos Opuestos, a Mexican Latin pop duet prominent during the 1990s.	Chacho Gaytán	composer
occupation	Peire Vidal (born mid-12th century) was an Old Occitan troubadour.	Peire Vidal	troubadour
occupation	Feng Gong (simplified Chinese: 冯巩; traditional Chinese: 馮鞏; pinyin: Féng Gǒng; born 1957) is a Chinese actor, xiangsheng performer, film director, and screenwriter from Tianjin, China.	Feng Gong	film director
occupation	Ching-Po Paul Chiang (also known as Ching-Po Chiang and Po-Po Chiang) is a Taiwanese symphony orchestra conductor, producer, chamber musician.	Ching-Po Paul Chiang	conductor
occupation	Edward John Phelps (July 11, 1822 -- March 9, 1900) was an American lawyer and diplomat from Vermont.	Edward John Phelps	lawyer	diplomat
occupation	Alexandra Crandell is an American fashion model and television personality best known for her appearance on MTV's The City.	Alexandra Crandell	model
occupation	Roderick White (June 23, 1814 Springville, then in Niagara Co., now in Erie County, New York -- May 26, 1856 Olean, Cattaraugus County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Roderick White	politician
occupation	Serge Rudaz (born August 19, 1954, pronounced ``Rü-DAH'') is a Canadian theoretical physicist and Professor of Physics at the University of Minnesota.	Serge Rudaz	physicist
occupation	Geraint Jennings is a Jersey politician and linguist.	Geraint Jennings	politician
occupation	Timothy Hayes Yule (January 4, 1947 -- September 23, 2006), better known as Tim Rooney, was an American actor and voice actor.	Tim Rooney	actor
occupation	Annejet van der Zijl lives in Amsterdam with her husband, a journalist.	Annejet van der Zijl	journalist
occupation	Zaina Agoro (born in Chicago, Illinois on the 7th of June), better known by her stage name Zaina, is a Nigerian American singer and songwriter.	Zaina Agoro	singer
occupation	Patricia Marx is an American humorist and writer.	Patricia Marx	writer
occupation	Natalie Kampen (February 1, 1944 -- August 12, 2012) was an American art historian and women's studies professor.	Natalie Kampen	art historian
occupation	Michael Lodahl is a theologian in the Church of the Nazarene.	Michael Lodahl	theologian
occupation	John James Uy is a Filipino/Chinese actor, artist, host and model.	John James Uy	model
occupation	Josef Zemann (May 25, 1923 -- ) is an Austrian mineralogist and geologist.	Josef Zemann	mineralogist
occupation	Robert Alexander Walker, QC (March 6, 1916 - March 28, 1989) was a lawyer and a Saskatchewan politician who served in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.	Robert Alexander Walker	lawyer	politician
occupation	Herbert Spiegel (June 29, 1914 -- December 15, 2009) was an American psychiatrist who popularized therapeutic hypnosis as a mainstream medical treatment for patients suffering from pain, anxiety and addictions.	Herbert Spiegel	psychiatrist
occupation	Tadeusz Kruczkowski (Belarusian: Тадэвуш Кручкоўскі; born January 5, 1961 in Jaskołda near Vyalikaya Byerastavitsa) is a Polish-Belarusian historian and activist.	Tadeusz Kruczkowski	historian
occupation	Brian Clement (born March 21, 1977) is a Canadian independent film director, writer, and producer.	Brian Clement	film director
occupation	Sanjay Puran Singh Chauhan (born 8 October) is an Indian film director and screenwriter, who is most known for his award winning and internationally acclaimed film Lahore.	Sanjay Puran Singh Chauhan	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Thomas Whitefield (fl. 1378-1401) was an English politician.	Thomas Whitefield	politician
occupation	Kardosné (16th century) was the mistress of Hungarian king János Szapolyai.	Kardosné	mistress
occupation	William McKendree (July 6, 1757 -- March 5, 1835) was the fourth Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church, and the first Methodist bishop born in the United States.	William McKendree	bishop
occupation	Chris D. (born Chris Desjardins; January 15, 1952) is a punk poet, rock critic, singer, writer, actor and filmmaker.	Chris D.	singer
occupation	Juan Miguel de Guzman (born September 9, 1988), popularly known by his screen name JM de Guzman, is a Filipino actor, mixed martial artist, model and singer.	JM de Guzman	singer
occupation	Ryan Dunlap (born October 21, 1983) is an American independent film and short story actor, writer, and director.	Ryan Dunlap	actor
occupation	Marija Knežević, a Serbian poet, fiction writer, essayist, literary translator and professor of literature was born in Belgrade, Serbia, in 1963.	Marija Knežević	poet	writer
occupation	Kirsty MacColl was the daughter of folk singer Ewan MacColl and dancer Jean Newlove.	Kirsty MacColl	singer
occupation	Fabián E. Bustamante is an Argentinian-American computer scientist specializing in distributed systems and computer networking.	Fabián E. Bustamante	computer scientist
occupation	William D. Chapple (August 6, 1868 -- ?) was a Massachusetts lawyer and politician who served on the Salem City Council, in the Massachusetts House of Representatives; and as a member, and President of, the Massachusetts Senate.	William D. Chapple	lawyer	politician
occupation	Lenin Arroyo (born October 19, 1979 in San José, Costa Rica) is a professional boxer based in Miami, Florida, in the United States.	Lenin Arroyo	boxer
occupation	The Argentinean guitarist Pablo Márquez is considered today as one of the most accomplished and versatile virtuosi of his instrument.	Pablo Márquez	guitarist
occupation	Gordon H. Peck (1857 -- February 18, 1921) was an American manufacturer and politician from New York.	Gordon H. Peck	politician
occupation	František Antonín Nickerl (December 4, 1813 in Prague -- February 4, 1871 in Prague) was a Czech entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera, especially those of the Riesengebirges.	František Antonín Nickerl	entomologist
occupation	Kim Goody (born 19 February 1954, London, England) is an English actress, composer, singer and songwriter.	Kim Goody	singer and songwriter
occupation	Luc Malo (born November 2, 1973) is a Canadian politician, who was a Member of Parliament for the riding of Verchères--	Luc Malo	politician
occupation	Shira Nayman (born April 26, 1960) is a novelist and short story writer best known for her collection Awake in the Dark, published in 2006.	Shira Nayman	novelist
occupation	George Henry Corliss (June 2, 1817 -- February 21, 1888) was an American mechanical engineer and inventor, who developed the Corliss steam engine, which was a great improvement over any other stationary steam engine of its time.	George Henry Corliss	engineer
occupation	Timothy Ting Ting-yu (丁庭宇, born 1954) is a Taiwanese politician and sociologist.	Timothy Ting	politician	sociologist
occupation	Patrick O'Hea (born 1848) was an Irish nationalist politician and a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1885 to 1890.	Patrick O'Hea	politician
occupation	Nouraiz Shakoor (Urdu, Punjabi: نوریز شکور; born Chaudhry Nouraiz Shakoor Khan on October 19, 1950) is a Pakistani politician from Sahiwal who has been a member of the National Assembly three times (in the 1988, 1993 and 2002 elections respectively).	Nouraiz Shakoor	politician
occupation	Hanna Fahl (born October 23, 1978) is a Swedish music journalist and translator.	Hanna Fahl	journalist
occupation	Roberto Iniesta Ojea (Spanish pronunciation: (roˈβeɾto iˈnjesta oˈxe.a); May 16, 1962), also known as Robe; is a Spanish songwriter, singer and guitarist.	Roberto Iniesta	songwriter	singer
occupation	Boris Sidis (/ˈsaɪdɪs/; October 12, 1867 -- October 24, 1923) was a Ukrainian American psychologist, physician, psychiatrist, and philosopher of education.	Boris Sidis	psychologist	psychiatrist
occupation	Howard McCalebb (b. Indianola, Mississippi, May 13, 1947) is an African-American abstract sculptor.	Howard McCalebb	sculptor
occupation	Bryce Goggin is a record producer and sound engineer.	Bryce Goggin	record producer
occupation	Alice Meichi Li (李美姿) is a Chinese-American, New York City-based visual artist and illustrator for comic books, magazines, and album covers.	Alice Meichi Li	artist	illustrator
occupation	Fred Sammartino is an American communications-industry engineer and executive, well known as the founding president and chairman of the board of the ATM Forum.	Fred Sammartino	engineer
occupation	Roberto Juan Rodríguez (Havana) is a Cuban-American jazz musician who is known for fusion of Latin music and Jewish Klezmer elements.	Roberto Juan Rodríguez	jazz musician
occupation	Zvi Hercowitz (Hebrew: צבי הרקוביץ‎) is an Israeli economist and economics professor.	Zvi Hercowitz	economist
occupation	Ameet Chana (born 12 September 1975 in Epsom, Surrey, England) is a British Indian actor.	Ameet Chana	actor
occupation	Dabney Carr (April 27, 1773 -- January 8, 1837) was a Virginia lawyer, writer and a justice of the Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals.	Dabney Carr	lawyer
occupation	Ernst Mosch (November 7, 1925 -- May 15, 1999) was a German musician, composer and conductor.	Ernst Mosch	composer	conductor
occupation	Anders Holm (born May 29, 1981) is an American actor, comedian and writer.	Anders Holm	comedian
occupation	Earl Hurd (September 14, 1880 -- September 28, 1940) was a pioneering American animator and film director.	Earl Hurd	animator	film director
occupation	Tim Hicks (born August 22, 1979) is a Canadian country music singer-songwriter from Niagara Falls, Ontario.	Tim Hicks	singer
occupation	Zhou Lulu (Chinese: 周璐璐; born March 19, 1988) is a Chinese weightlifter.	Zhou Lulu	weightlifter
occupation	Fred Federspiel is an American technology entrepreneur, nuclear physicist and inventor.	Fred Federspiel	entrepreneur
occupation	Clé Bennett is a Canadian television, film and stage actor.	Clé Bennett	actor
occupation	Francisco Maria da Veiga, GCNSC, KCVO was a Portuguese judge and pro-monarchist.	Francisco Maria da Veiga	judge
occupation	Nonna Bella was a Turkish singer of Armenian descent, in the 1970s.	Nonna Bella	singer
occupation	Shirley Kaneda is an abstract painter.	Shirley Kaneda	painter
occupation	Sara Howard (b. September 24, 1981) is a politician from the U.S. state of Nebraska.	Sara Howard	politician
occupation	Sam Witt is an American poet and journalist who currently lives in Massachusetts and teaches at Framingham State University.	Sam Witt	journalist
occupation	Charis Romas or Haris Romas (Greek: Χάρης Ρώμας) is a Greek actor, screenwriter, and lyricist.	Haris Romas	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Thomas Hecht (born October 31, 1960 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American pianist, composer and professor of piano, based at the Yong Siew Toh Conservatory of Music, National University of Singapore where he was appointed founding head of piano studies in 2003.	Thomas Hecht	composer
occupation	Jack Epps Jr. (born 1949) is an American screenwriter, known chiefly for such popular 80's films as Top Gun, Legal Eagles and The Secret of My Success, which he wrote with longtime partner Jim Cash.	Jack Epps Jr.	screenwriter
occupation	Michael Moriarty (born April 5, 1941) is an American-Canadian stage and screen actor and a jazz musician.	Michael Moriarty	actor	jazz musician
occupation	Sapna Mukherjee is a Bollywood playback singer who won the Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer for the song ``Tirchi Topi Wale'' in Tridev (1989).	Sapna Mukherjee	singer
occupation	William J. Ruane (October 24, 1925 -- October 4, 2005) was an American businessman, investor, and philanthropist.	William J. Ruane	philanthropist
occupation	Janet Sternburg (born January 18, 1943) is an American writer of essays, poetry and memoir, as well as a fine art photographer.	Janet Sternburg	writer	photographer
occupation	Pascal Breland was a famous 19th-century Pre-confederation Canadian Métis farmer and politician.	Pascal Breland	politician
occupation	Anas el-Fiqqi (alternate spelling: Anas El Feki, Anas El-Feki, Anas Al-Faki, Anas al-Fiqi, Anas El-Fekky or el-Fiqi) is an Egyptian politician.	Anas el-Fiqqi	politician
occupation	Christopher Straub is a fashion designer who was a contestant on season 6 of the competitive reality show Project Runway and also appeared on season 1 of the competitive reality show Models of the Runway as the designer for the model Katie Sticksel, Celine Chua, and Matar Cohen.	Christopher Straub	fashion designer
occupation	William Boone Douglass was a lawyer, engineer, surveyor, genealogist, and founding President of the Boone Family Association.	William Boone Douglass	genealogist
occupation	Valeen Tippetts Avery (December 22, 1936 -- April 7, 2006) was an American biographer and historian best known for her work on Western American and Latter Day Saint history.	Valeen Tippetts Avery	biographer	historian
occupation	Rose Aguilar is a progressive journalist and radio host from San Francisco, California.	Rose Aguilar	journalist
occupation	Tricia Cooke is an American film editor who is married to director Ethan Coen.	Tricia Cooke	film editor
occupation	Josefa Celsa Señaris or Señaris (born 2 November 1965) is a Venezuelan herpetologist.	Josefa Celsa Señaris	herpetologist
occupation	Susan Isaacs (born December 7, 1943) is an American novelist, essayist, and screenwriter.	Susan Isaacs	novelist	screenwriter
occupation	Lynn Meredith is an American musician who was a founding member of Kansas.	Lynn Meredith	musician
occupation	Mark Angelo Cadaweng Cielo (May 12, 1988 -- December 7, 2008), better known as Marky Cielo, was a Filipino actor, dancer, and the first known Igorot in Philippine showbiz.	Marky Cielo	actor
occupation	Richard John Neuhaus (May 14, 1936 -- January 8, 2009) was a prominent Christian cleric (first as a Lutheran pastor and later as a Roman Catholic priest) and writer.	Richard John Neuhaus	Catholic priest
occupation	Terry Tufts (William Terence Tufts born 1954 in Gasline, Ontario) is a Canadian singer-songwriter writing in many different musical genres.	Terry Tufts	singer
occupation	Andrew John Schofield (Andy Schofield) is a theoretical physicist and a professor at the University of Birmingham where he is a Pro-Vice-Chancellor and the Head of the College of Engineering and Physical Sciences (EPS).	Andrew John Schofield	physicist
occupation	Patrick Cantlay (born March 17, 1992) is an American professional golfer who was the number one golfer in the World Amateur Golf Ranking for a record 55 weeks.	Patrick Cantlay	golfer
occupation	Carla van de Puttelaar (born November 1, 1967) is a Dutch fine art photographer.	Carla van de Puttelaar	photographer
occupation	Julius Stieglitz (1867--1937) was an American chemist of German Jewish origin.	Julius Stieglitz	chemist
occupation	Vera Sell-Ryazanoff (born 1951) is a Russian-German painter and philosopher.	Vera Sell-Ryazanoff	painter
occupation	Larry Hovis (February 20, 1936 -- September 9, 2003) was an American singer and actor best known for playing Sergeant Carter on the 1960s television sitcom Hogan's Heroes.	Larry Hovis	actor
occupation	Filbert Bayi Sanka (born June 23, 1953) is a former Tanzanian middle-distance runner of the 1970s who set the world records for 1500 metres in 1974 and the mile in 1975.	Filbert Bayi	middle-distance runner
occupation	Brady Hicks is a Philadelphia area journalist, radio personality, blogger, columnist, wrestling reporter, professional wrestling manager, play-by-play commentator, color analyst, and occasional Pro Wrestling Illustrated contributing writer.	Brady Hicks	journalist
occupation	Hobart Freeman (October 17, 1920 -- December 8, 1984) was a charismatic preacher and author, who ministered in northern Indiana and actively promoted faith healing.	Hobart Freeman	author
occupation	Felicitas Heyne is a German psychologist and book author.	Felicitas Heyne	psychologist
occupation	Peter van Nieuwenhuizen (Dutch: (vɑn ˈniu̯əˌɦœyzə); born October 26, 1938) is a Dutch physicist.	Peter van Nieuwenhuizen	physicist
occupation	Frank Bank (April 12, 1942 -- April 13, 2013) was an American actor, particularly known for his role as Clarence ``Lumpy'' Rutherford on the 1957--1963 situation comedy television series Leave It to Beaver.	Frank Bank	actor
occupation	St. Margaret Mary Alacoque, V.H.M. (French: Marguerite-Marie Alacoque) (1647-1690), was a French Roman Catholic nun and mystic, who promoted devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus in its modern form.	Margaret Mary Alacoque	mystic
occupation	Adrian Grunberg is an American film director and screenwriter.	Adrian Grunberg	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Ruth Brown (January 12, 1928 -- November 17, 2006) was an American singer-songwriter and actress, sometimes known as the ``Queen of R&B''.	Ruth Brown	singer
occupation	Aster Yohannes is the wife of detained Eritrean politician Petros Solomon.	Aster Yohannes	politician
occupation	Arturo Soto Rangel (March 12, 1882 -- May 25, 1965) was a Mexican film, television, and stage actor.	Arturo Soto Rangel	actor
occupation	Alberto Arvelo Torrealba (September 3, 1905 - March 28, 1971), was a Venezuelan lawyer, educator and folklorical poet.	Alberto Arvelo Torrealba	poet
occupation	Joyce Haddelsey was an English Women's Test cricketer.	Joyce Haddelsey	cricketer
occupation	Matt Jaffe (born April 20, 1995) is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist and founder of the band Matt Jaffe & The Distractions.	Matt Jaffe	singer-songwriter
occupation	Hermann Bellinghausen (born May 17, 1953) is a Mexican physician, poet, writer, and editor.	Hermann Bellinghausen	writer
occupation	Viera Tomanová (born February 5, 1948) is a Slovak politician, former Minister of Labour of Slovakia under Prime Minister Robert Fico.	Viera Tomanová	politician
occupation	Ishion Hutchinson is an award-winning Jamaican poet and essayist.	Ishion Hutchinson	poet
occupation	László Benedek (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈlaːsloː ˈbɛnɛdɛk); March 5, 1905 -- March 11, 1992; sometimes Laslo Benedek) was a Hungarian-born film director and cinematographer, most notable for directing The Wild One (1953).	László Benedek	film director
occupation	Sidney Schwartz was a tennis player from the United States who competed in the mid-20th century.	Sidney Schwartz	tennis player
occupation	Abdullah Dukuly (Also known as Abdulai Dukuly, Abdoulaye W. Dukule) is a Liberian journalist and news editor, formerly of The News, a Monrovia-based daily publication.	Abdullah Dukuly	journalist
occupation	Abdullahi Ibrahim is a Nigerian lawyer, politician and administrator.	Abdullahi Ibrahim	politician
occupation	Joseph Percival Pollard (January 29, 1869 - December 17, 1911) was an American literary critic, novelist and short story writer.	Percival Pollard	novelist
occupation	Harry Sawyerr was a Ghanaian politician and quantity surveyor.	Harry Sawyerr	politician
occupation	Chen Wu-hsiung (Chinese: 陳武雄; pinyin: Chén Wǔxióng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chen Wu-hsiung	politician
occupation	Mark Anthony Carpio is a choral conductor and a countertenor who is the present choirmaster of the Philippine Madrigal Singers, Kilyawan Boys Choir and Pansol Choir.	Mark Anthony Carpio	conductor
occupation	Guillaume IV de Melun, Count of Tancarville, Lord of Montreuil-Bellay, was a French politician, chamberlain and advisor to King Charles VI of France.	Guillaume IV de Melun	politician
occupation	Basil Gill (March 10, 1877 -- April 23, 1955) was a British stage actor and film actor.	Basil Gill	actor
occupation	Jeanne Lee (January 29, 1939 -- October 25, 2000) was an American jazz singer, poet and composer.	Jeanne Lee	singer
occupation	William Bakewell (May 2, 1908 -- April 15, 1993), also known as Billy Bakewell, was an American actor, who achieved his greatest fame as one of the premiere juvenile performers of the late 1920s and early 1930s.	William Bakewell	actor
occupation	Jack Kilmer (born June 6, 1995) is an American actor best known for starring in the 2013 film Palo Alto.	Jack Kilmer	actor
occupation	Luther Severance (October 26, 1797 -- January 25, 1855) was a United States Representative and diplomat from Maine.	Luther Severance	diplomat
occupation	Gogea Mitu (born Goagă Stephen on September 23, 1911 -- June 8, 1936) was a Romanian boxer and the tallest Romanian in history (followed by Ghiţă Mureșan).	Gogea Mitu	boxer
occupation	Deandre Latimore (born August 31, 1985) is an American professional boxer and world title challenger.	Deandre Latimore	boxer
occupation	Pieter Stoop is a Dutch painter of large abstract paintings.	Pieter Stoop	painter
occupation	Rex Bell, born George Francis Beldam (October 16, 1903 -- July 4, 1962), was an American actor and politician.	Rex Bell	actor
occupation	Glenn Firebaugh is an American sociologist (born: Charleston, West Virginia) and leading international authority on social science research methods.	Glenn Firebaugh	sociologist
occupation	Devin Vargas (born December 25, 1981 in Toledo, OH) is a boxer who represented the United States at the 2004 Olympic Games in the heavyweight division.	Devin Vargas	boxer
occupation	Leigh Dragoon is a professional American comics writer and illustrator.	Leigh Dragoon	illustrator
occupation	Erich Kobler was a German film editor and director.	Erich Kobler	film editor
occupation	Dr. Robert D. Maurer (born July 20, 1924) is an American industrial physicist noted for his leadership in the invention of optical fiber.	Robert D. Maurer	physicist
occupation	Ryley Walker (born July 21, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist from Rockford, Illinois.	Ryley Walker	singer-songwriter
occupation	Christopher Atkins (born Christopher Atkins Bomann; February 21, 1961) is an American actor, who became famous in his debut role with co-star Brooke Shields in the 1980 film The Blue Lagoon.	Christopher Atkins	actor
occupation	Margot Zemach (November 30, 1931 -- May 21, 1989) was an American illustrator of more than forty children's books, some of which she also wrote.	Margot Zemach	illustrator
original network	The Infinite Worlds of H. G. Wells is a four-hour miniseries conceived by Nick Willing and released in 2001 by the Hallmark Channel.	The Infinite Worlds of H. G. Wells	Hallmark Channel
original network	American Idol Extra is a television show that was shown on the Fox Reality Channel and Star! and billed as ``the show that picks up right where American Idol leaves off''.	American Idol Extra	Fox Reality Channel
original network	ESPN Friday Night Fights (last known as Friday Night Fights presented by Just for Men Haircolor for sponsorship reasons) was a series of boxing events broadcast by ESPN2.	Friday Night Fights	ESPN2
original network	The Gemma Factor is a BBC Three sitcom starring Anna Gilthorpe, Claire King and Gwyneth Powell.	The Gemma Factor	BBC Three
original network	Zapped is an American Disney Channel Original Movie.	Zapped	Disney Channel
original network	Trial & Retribution is a feature-length ITV police procedural television drama series that began in 1997.	Trial & Retribution	ITV
original network	MasterChef France is a French television series broadcast on TF1 in France.	MasterChef France	TF1
original network	Comics Britannia is a three-part documentary series from BBC Four which started on 10 September 2007.	Comics Britannia	BBC Four
original network	The Smothers Brothers Show is an American fantasy sitcom featuring the Smothers Brothers that aired on CBS on Friday nights at 9:30 p.m. ET from September 17, 1965 to April 22, 1966, co-sponsored by Alberto-Culver's VO5 hairdressing products and American Tobacco (Tareyton).	The Smothers Brothers Show	CBS
original network	Saved by the Bell is an American television sitcom that aired on NBC from 1989 to 1993.	Saved by the Bell	NBC
original network	Codice rosso (Code Red) is an Italian television series produced in 2006 and broadcast on Canale 5 between 16 November and 15 December 2006.	Codice rosso	Canale 5
original network	Late Night with Conan O'Brien is an American late-night talk show hosted by Conan O'Brien that aired 2,725 episodes on NBC between 1993 and 2009.	Late Night with Conan O'Brien	NBC
original network	Welcome to the Parker is an American reality television series on Bravo that premiered on July 26, 2007.	Welcome to the Parker	Bravo
original network	Murdoch Mysteries is a Canadian television drama series aired on both City and CBC Television, titled The Artful Detective on the Ovation cable TV network, featuring Yannick Bisson as William Murdoch, a police detective working in Toronto, Ontario, around the turn of the twentieth century.	Murdoch Mysteries	City
original network	Domenica in is an Italian Sunday long-running television show broadcast by Rai 1 since 1976.	Domenica in	Rai 1
original network	13 x 13 was a Catalan TV series which aired in TV3.	13 x 13	TV3
original network	Liquid Television is an animation showcase that appeared on MTV.	Liquid Television	MTV
original network	Acceptable.TV is a television program created by Dan Harmon and Rob Schrab that aired on VH1 from March 23 to May 11, 2007.	Acceptable.TV	VH1
original network	The Colgate Comedy Hour is an American comedy-musical variety series that aired live on the NBC network from 1950 to 1955.	The Colgate Comedy Hour	NBC
original network	Ice Cold Gold is a reality television series that airs on Animal Planet.	Ice Cold Gold	Animal Planet
original network	Felicidade (English: Happiness) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo from October 7, 1991 to May 30, 1992.	Felicidade	Rede Globo
original network	Making the Band was an ABC/MTV reality television series that exists in separate iterations, each iteration focusing on a specific music act.	Making the Band	MTV
original network	Boxing After Dark is an HBO boxing program, premiering in April 1996, that usually shows fights between well-known contenders, but usually not ``championship'' or ``title'' fights.	Boxing After Dark	HBO
original network	Cash Bonanza is an Australian game show hosted by Larry Emdur, which was broadcast on the Nine Network in 2001.	Cash Bonanza	Nine Network
original network	Tony Robinson's Crime and Punishment is a British documentary for Channel 4.	Tony Robinson's Crime and Punishment	Channel 4
original network	Oi Aparadektoi (Greek: Οι Απαράδεκτοι, English: The Unacceptables) is a comedy television series broadcast by Mega Channel from September 1991 to January 1993.	Oi Aparadektoi	Mega Channel
original network	Weekends with Alex Witt is a news program on MSNBC anchored by Alex Witt.	Weekends with Alex Witt	MSNBC
original network	Piel salvaje is a Venezuelan telenovela produced by RCTV for Televen.	Piel salvaje	Televen
original network	Goodnight, Beantown is an American sitcom that aired on CBS for two brief seasons in 1983 and 1984.	Goodnight, Beantown	CBS
original network	Arka Sokaklar (Turkish for ``back streets''), a long-running television crime series on Turkish Kanal D, was first broadcast in July 2006.	Arka Sokaklar	Kanal D
original network	Through the Eyes of Tomorrow was a Canadian variety and public affairs television series for youth which aired on CBC Television from 1966 to 1969.	Through the Eyes of Tomorrow	CBC Television
original network	The Glee Project is an American reality television series from Oxygen.	The Glee Project	Oxygen
original network	The PBA on Viva TV was a presentation of Philippine Basketball Association games on Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation by VIVA Entertainment after the company absorbed Vintage Sports.	PBA on Viva TV	Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation
original network	Deadly Women is a television series first aired in 2005 on the Discovery Channel, focusing on female killers.	Deadly Women	Discovery Channel
original network	Ktsarim (Hebrew: קצרים‎, lit. Shorts) is an Israeli sketch comedy series, broadcast on Channel 2, and based on the British comedy show The Sketch Show.	Ktsarim	Channel 2
original network	C'mon, Have A Go! was an Australian television game show broadcast on the Seven Network in 1985 and 1986.	C'mon, Have A Go!	Seven Network
original network	Top Ground Gear Force is a one-off TV special, featuring the cast of BBC's Top Gear, which originally aired on BBC Two at 22:00 GMT on 14 March 2008 as part of Sport Relief 2008.	Top Ground Gear Force	BBC Two
original network	Brooklyn Kinda Love is an adult reality series currently airing on Playboy TV.	Brooklyn Kinda Love	Playboy TV
original network	NFL Insiders is a National Football League studio show, currently airing Monday through Friday at 3:00 p.m. ET on ESPN.	NFL Insiders	ESPN
original network	Poor Nastya (Russian: Бедная Настя, Bednaya Nastya) is a Russian telenovela originally aired from 31 October 2003 to 30 April 2004 on the STS.	Poor Nastya	STS
original network	The Judy and Jim Show is a Canadian variety television miniseries which aired on CBC Television as separate runs in 1973 and 1977.	The Judy and Jim Show	CBC Television
original network	Plats bruts (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈpɫats ˈβɾuts), meaning in English ``Dirty dishes'') is a sitcom issued for TV3.	Plats bruts	TV3
original network	Peninta Peninta (in English Fifty-Fifty) is a Greek television series that was first aired from 2005 to 2007 by Mega Channel.	Peninta Peninta	Mega Channel
parent taxon	Pachybrachis is a genus of leaf beetles, Chrysomelidae, in the tribe Cryptocephalini of the subfamily Cryptocephalinae and belong to the group of casebearers called the Camptosomata.	Pachybrachis	Cryptocephalini
parent taxon	The Tyrrhenian painted frog (Discoglossus sardus) is a species of frog in the Alytidae family (formerly Discoglossidae).	Tyrrhenian painted frog	Discoglossus
parent taxon	Comocladia is a genus of flowering plants in the cashew family, Anacardiaceae.	Comocladia	Anacardiaceae
parent taxon	Auroracetus, from Aurora (the location the holotype was discovered, Aurora N.C.) and the Latin cetus (whale), is a genus of Pontoporiidae, the river dolphins, and contains one extinct species.	Auroracetus	Pontoporiidae
parent taxon	(2010) showing the phylogenetic relationship of Cerrejonisuchus within Dyrosauridae:	Cerrejonisuchus	Dyrosauridae
parent taxon	Stiles's tapaculo (Scytalopus stilesi) is a member of the tapaculos, a group of Neotropical birds.	Stiles's tapaculo	Scytalopus
parent taxon	Taiwanotrechus subglobosus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Taiwanotrechus.	Taiwanotrechus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Duabanga was traditionally included in the ditypic family Sonneratiaceae, but it is now classified in its own monotypic subfamily Duabangoideae of the Lythraceae.	Duabanga	Lythraceae
parent taxon	Austropaxillus is a genus of fungi in the family Serpulaceae, containing nine species found in Australia, New Zealand and South America.	Austropaxillus	Serpulaceae
parent taxon	The Pacific angelshark (Squatina californica) is a species of angel shark, family Squatinidae, found in the eastern Pacific Ocean from Alaska to the Gulf of California, and from Ecuador to Chile, although those in the Gulf of California and southeastern Pacific may in fact be separate species.	Pacific angelshark	Squatina
parent taxon	Capraria is a genus of flowering plants in the figwort family, Scrophulariaceae.	Capraria	Scrophulariaceae
parent taxon	The Cyphonocerinae are a subfamily of fireflies (Lampyridae) with only a few handful of species in (presumably) two genera found in North America and Eurasia.	Cyphonocerinae	Lampyridae
parent taxon	The Radde's accentor (Prunella ocularis) is a species of bird in the Prunellidae family.	Radde's accentor	Prunella
parent taxon	Monneus longiventris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Monneus.	Monneus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The genus Eudyptula (``good little diver'') contains two species of penguin.	Eudyptula	penguin
parent taxon	Gnaphalodes trachyderoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Gnaphalodes.	Gnaphalodes	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Mayaphaenops sbordonii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Mayaphaenops.	Mayaphaenops	Carabidae
parent taxon	Ramphotrigon is a genus of tyrant flycatchers in the Tyrannidae family.	Ramphotrigon	Tyrannidae
parent taxon	The Beijing barbastelle (Barbastella beijingensis), also known as the Beijing wide-eared bat, is a species of vesper bat endemic to Beijing Municipality, China.	Beijing barbastelle	Barbastella
parent taxon	Data based on nuclear DNA support Glires as a sister of Euarchonta to form Euarchontoglires (Murphy et al. and Madsen et al. 2001), but some genetic data from both nuclear and mitochondrial DNA have been less supportive (Arnason et al. 2002).	Glires	Euarchontoglires
parent taxon	The Lentariaceae are a family of fungi belonging in what is classically known as the Gomphales order, or cladistically as the gomphoid-phalloid clade.	Lentariaceae	Gomphales
parent taxon	The Catophragmidae are a family of barnacles in the superfamily Chthamaloidea with eight shell wall plates (rostrum, carina, paired rostrolatera, carinolatera I and carinolatera II), surrounded by several whorls of imbricating plates.	Catophragmidae	Chthamaloidea
parent taxon	The Mount Oku hylomyscus (Hylomyscus grandis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Mount Oku hylomyscus	Hylomyscus
parent taxon	Zoopagomycotina is a subphylum (incertae sedis) of the fungal phylum Zygomycota sensu lato.	Zoopagomycotina	Zygomycota
parent taxon	Welleritidae is one of five families of the Schistocerataceae superfamily.	Welleritidae	Schistocerataceae
parent taxon	The Korean skate (Hongeo koreana) is a skate in the family Rajidae, and is the sole member of its genus.	Korean skate	Hongeo
parent taxon	Rooniella camerunica is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Rooniella.	Rooniella	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Brosset's big-eared bat (Micronycteris brosseti) is a bat species from South America.	Brosset's big-eared bat	Micronycteris
parent taxon	Hortia is a genus of plants in family Rutaceae, with 10 species native to Central America and northern South America.	Hortia	Rutaceae
parent taxon	Pomatiopsis is a genus of amphibious snails with gills and an operculum, aquatic freshwater gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae.	Pomatiopsis	Pomatiopsidae
parent taxon	Navanax is a genus of sea slugs, marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Aglajidae.	Navanax	Aglajidae
parent taxon	Peach latent mosaic viroid is a type species from the genus Pelamoviroid, which belongs to the family Avsunviroidae.	Peach latent mosaic viroid	Pelamoviroid
parent taxon	The Florida black bear (Ursus americanus floridanus) is a subspecies of the American black bear that has historically ranged throughout most of Florida and southern portions of Alabama, Georgia, and Mississippi.	Florida black bear	American black bear
parent taxon	The Texas heelsplitter, scientific name Potamilus amphichaenus, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Texas heelsplitter	Potamilus
parent taxon	Malakichthys is a genus of fish in the family Acropomatidae, the temperate ocean-basses or lanternfishes.	Malakichthys	Acropomatidae
parent taxon	Morierina is a genus of plant in family Rubiaceae first described as a genus in 1865.	Morierina	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	The Penang betta (Betta pugnax) is a species of gourami native to Southeast Asia and common in swiftly flowing forest streams of the Malay Peninsula, Cambodia, Thailand, Borneo, and Sumatra.	Penang betta	Betta
parent taxon	Lamiinae, commonly called flat-faced longhorns, are a subfamily of the longhorn beetle family (Cerambycidae).	Lamiinae	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Eritrea clawed frog or Peracca's clawed frog (Xenopus clivii) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family found in Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, and Sudan.	Eritrea clawed frog	Xenopus
parent taxon	The King Kong grosbeak or giant grosbeak (Chloridops regiskongi) is a prehistoric species of Hawaiian honeycreeper, that was endemic to Hawaiʻi.	King Kong grosbeak	Chloridops
parent taxon	Mizotrechus novemstriatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Mizotrechus.	Mizotrechus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Ruspoli's turaco (Tauraco ruspolii), also known as Prince Ruspoli's turaco or Touraco De Ruspoli, is a species of bird in the Musophagidae family.	Ruspoli's turaco	Tauraco
parent taxon	The Kivu long-haired shrew (Crocidura lanosa) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Kivu long-haired shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Neofelis diardi borneensis (Wilting et al., 2007) is a subspecies of the Sunda clouded leopard (Neofelis diardi) native to the island of Borneo.	Neofelis diardi borneensis	Sunda clouded leopard
parent taxon	Cleistesiopsis is an orchid genus in the tribe Pogonieae.	Cleistesiopsis	Pogonieae
parent taxon	Fraxinus latifolia (Oregon ash) is a member of the ash genus Fraxinus, native to western North America.	Fraxinus latifolia	ash
parent taxon	The family Rallidae has traditionally been grouped with two families of larger birds, the cranes and bustards, as well as several smaller families of usually ``primitive'' mid-sized amphibious birds, to make up the order Gruiformes.	Rallidae	Gruiformes
parent taxon	Zeaspora (scientific name Diheterospora zeaspora) is a rare medical condition and species of fungus.	Zeaspora	Diheterospora
parent taxon	The parotias are a genus, Parotia, of passerine birds in the bird-of-paradise family Paradisaeidae.	Parotia	bird-of-paradise
parent taxon	Cofana is a genus of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae.	Cofana	Cicadellidae
parent taxon	The Solomons cuckooshrike or black-bellied cicadabird (Coracina holopolia) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.	Solomons cuckooshrike	Coracina
parent taxon	Dasyspora is a genus of rust fungi in the family Uropyxidaceae.	Dasyspora	Uropyxidaceae
parent taxon	Stenorhynchus is a genus of marine crabs in the family Inachidae, containing the following species:	Stenorhynchus	Inachidae
parent taxon	Netrostoma is a genus of true jellyfish in the family Cepheidae.	Netrostoma	Cepheidae
parent taxon	Dicoelia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae and the only genus of the tribe (Dicoelieae).	Dicoelia	Dicoelieae
parent taxon	Tmesisternini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Lamiinae containing the following genera:	Tmesisternini	Lamiinae
parent taxon	The Tacarcuna bush tanager (Chlorospingus tacarcunae) is a species of bird traditionally placed in the family Thraupidae, but perhaps closer to Arremonops in the Emberizidae.	Tacarcuna bush tanager	Chlorospingus
parent taxon	Lasiognathus is a genus of deep-sea anglerfish in the family Thaumatichthyidae, with six species known from the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.	Lasiognathus	Thaumatichthyidae
parent taxon	Paratylopus is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae, endemic to North America from the Eocene through Oligocene 38.0--30.8, existing for approximately 7.2 million years.	Paratylopus	Camelidae
parent taxon	Varicellovirus (var′i-sel′ō-vi′rŭs) is a genus of viruses belonging to subfamily Alphaherpesvirinae, a member of family Herpesviridae.	Varicellovirus	Alphaherpesvirinae
parent taxon	Whitespotted conger (Conger myriaster) (Japanese name: ma-anago) is in the family of conger eels, widespread in the Northwest Pacific near the coasts of Japan, Korean Peninsula, and the East China Sea.	Whitespotted conger	Conger
parent taxon	Hovenia is a small genus of deciduous trees or shrubs in the family Rhamnaceae.	Hovenia	Rhamnaceae
parent taxon	Trichodrias esoterica is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae, the only species in the genus Trichodrias.	Trichodrias esoterica	Dermestidae
parent taxon	The Archbold's bowerbird (Archboldia papuensis) is a medium-sized, up to 37 cm long, dark grey songbird with brown iris, grey feet and black bill.	Archbold's bowerbird	Archboldia
parent taxon	The Ipanema bat (Pygoderma bilabiatum), is a bat species from South America.	Ipanema bat	Pygoderma
parent taxon	Cinereomyces is a genus of resupinate (crust-like) fungi in the family Polyporaceae, circumscribed by Swiss mycologist Walter Jülich in 1981.	Cinereomyces	Polyporaceae
parent taxon	Kiwitrechus karenscottae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Kiwitrechus.	Kiwitrechus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Scotonycteris is a small genus of bat in the family Pteropodidae.	Scotonycteris	Pteropodidae
parent taxon	Acanthochitona is a genus of chitons in the family Acanthochitonidae, of worldwide distribution.	Acanthochitona	Acanthochitonidae
parent taxon	The Schalow's turaco (Tauraco schalowi) is a frugivorous bird in the Musophagidae family.	Schalow's turaco	Tauraco
parent taxon	The Maracaibo tody-flycatcher (Todirostrum viridanum), also known as the short-tailed tody-flycatcher, is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Maracaibo tody-flycatcher	Todirostrum
parent taxon	The Alagoas tyrannulet (Phylloscartes ceciliae) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Alagoas tyrannulet	Phylloscartes
parent taxon	Plectopylidae is a taxonomic family of large air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Plectopyloidea.	Plectopylidae	Plectopyloidea
parent taxon	Von der Decken's hornbill (Tockus deckeni) is a hornbill found in East Africa, especially to the east of the East African Rift, from Ethiopia south to Tanzania.	Von der Decken's hornbill	Tockus
parent taxon	Erinus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Plantaginaceae (previously in the family Scrophulariaceae), native to stony mountainous sites in North Africa and southern Europe.	Erinus	Plantaginaceae
parent taxon	Oxyria is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with two currently accepted species.	Oxyria	Polygonaceae
parent taxon	FAMILY CERCOPITHECIDAE Subfamily Cercopithecinae Tribe Cercopithecini Genus Allenopithecus - Allen's swamp monkey Genus Miopithecus - talapoins Genus Erythrocebus - patas monkey Genus Chlorocebus - vervets monkeys, etc. Genus Cercopithecus - guenons Tribe Papionini	Cercopithecini	Cercopithecinae
parent taxon	Eocypraeidae is a small family of large sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Cypraeoidea, the cowries and cowry allies.	Eocypraeidae	Cypraeoidea
parent taxon	Frieseomelitta is a stingless bee (Meliponini) genus in the family Apidae.	Frieseomelitta	Meliponini
parent taxon	Neonida grandis is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Munididae.	Neonida	Munididae
parent taxon	Archinemapogon is a somewhat disputed genus of the fungus moth family, Tineidae.	Archinemapogon	Tineidae
parent taxon	Acanthion is a subgenus of Old World porcupines in the genus Hystrix.	Acanthion	Hystrix
parent taxon	Scortechinia is a family of fungi in the Ascomycota, of the family Nitschkiaceae.	Scortechinia	Nitschkiaceae
parent taxon	Astrometis is a genus of sea star in the Asteriidae family.	Astrometis	Asteriidae
parent taxon	Cisticolas (pronounced sis-TIC-olas) are a genus of very small insectivorous birds formerly classified in the Old World warbler family Sylviidae, but now usually considered to be in the separate family Cisticolidae, along with other southern warbler genera.	Cisticola	Cisticolidae
parent taxon	Parnips is a genus of the family Figitidae, order Hymenoptera.	Parnips	Figitidae
parent taxon	The Tsinpa salamander (Liua tsinpaensis) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family.	Tsinpa salamander	Liua
parent taxon	The Vespa simillima, including the subspecies known as the Japanese hornet or Japanese yellow hornet (Vespa simillima xanthoptera) (キイロスズメバチ), is a common hornet species in the Eastern Hemisphere.	Vespa simillima	hornet
parent taxon	The Indian burrowing frog (Sphaerotheca breviceps) is a species of frog found in South Asia (Pakistan, Nepal, India, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, and probably Bangladesh).	Indian burrowing frog	Sphaerotheca
parent taxon	Rudd's lark (Heteromirafra ruddi) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.	Rudd's lark	Heteromirafra
parent taxon	Triviella is a genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Triviidae, the trivias.	Triviella	Triviidae
parent taxon	The Murphy's crow (Euploea caespes) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Murphy's crow	Euploea
parent taxon	The Maduran leaf-nosed bat (Hipposideros madurae) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae endemic to Indonesia.	Maduran leaf-nosed bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	Hemitoma is a genus of slit limpets, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Hemitoma	Fissurellidae
parent taxon	The Antarctic minke whale or southern minke whale (Balaenoptera bonaerensis) is a species of minke whale within the suborder of baleen whales.	Antarctic minke whale	Balaenoptera
parent taxon	The Armenian cucumber, Cucumis melo var. flexuosus, is a type of long, slender fruit which tastes like a cucumber and looks somewhat like a cucumber inside.	Armenian cucumber	Cucumis melo
parent taxon	Spix's yellow-toothed cavy, Galea spixii, is a rodent, a cavy species from South America.	Spix's yellow-toothed cavy	Galea
parent taxon	The Gangetic whiting, Sillaginopsis panijus (also known as the flathead sillago), is a species of inshore marine and estuarine fish of the smelt-whiting family, Sillaginidae.	Gangetic whiting	Sillaginopsis
parent taxon	Aphylax lyciformis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Aphylax.	Aphylax	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The South American tern (Sterna hirundinacea) is a species of tern found in coastal regions of southern South America, including the Falkland Islands, ranging north to Peru (Pacific coast) and Brazil (Atlantic coast).	South American tern	Sterna
parent taxon	Turkanillus strinatii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Turkanillus.	Turkanillus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Rhizangiidae is a family of stony corals in the order Scleractinia.	Rhizangiidae	Scleractinia
parent taxon	Aurantilaria is a monotypic genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.	Aurantilaria	Fasciolariidae
parent taxon	Halimium (rockrose, false sun-rose, or halimium) is a genus of 12 species of evergreen or semi-evergreen subshrubs in the family Cistaceae, closely related to Cistus.	Halimium	Cistaceae
parent taxon	Ctenitis is a genus of large ferns in the Dryopteridaceae.	Ctenitis	Dryopteridaceae
parent taxon	Tetradium is a genus of nine species of trees in the family Rutaceae, occurring in temperate to tropical east Asia.	Tetradium	Rutaceae
parent taxon	Zeacolpus is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turritellidae, known as the turritellas or tower shells.	Zeacolpus	Turritellidae
parent taxon	Williamsoceras is an endocerid that Rousseau Flower (1968) added to his Allotrioceratidae (Flower 1955) on the basis of having a vertical partition within the siphuncle, known as a ventral process, with inter-connecting tubule-like structures along its margin where intercepted by endocones.	Williamsoceras	Allotrioceratidae
parent taxon	Lactifluus corrugis (formerly Lactarius corrugis), commonly known as the corrugated-cap milky, is a species of fungus in the family Russulaceae.	Lactifluus corrugis	Lactarius
parent taxon	Hose's frog (Odorrana hosii, often misspelled as O. hosei) is a true frog species with a wide range in Southeast Asia.	Hose's frog	Odorrana
parent taxon	Cyphostemma is a flowering plant genus belonging to the family Vitaceae.	Cyphostemma	Vitaceae
parent taxon	Because of the similarity, Harpactognathus was assigned to the subfamily Scaphognathinae of the family Rhamphorhynchidae.	Harpactognathus	Rhamphorhynchidae
parent taxon	The West Sepik tree frog (Litoria leucova) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	West Sepik tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Daiopterix is an extinct genus of moth within the family Eolepidopterigidae, containing two species.	Daiopterix	Eolepidopterigidae
parent taxon	Dhori virus (DHOV) is a species of the genus Thogotovirus and a member of the family Orthomyxoviridae.	Dhori virus	Thogotovirus
parent taxon	George Myers (1931) synonymized Pseudotropichthys with Cranoglanis, as well as described the family Cranoglanididae.	Cranoglanis	Cranoglanididae
parent taxon	The Terre-de-Haut racer (Alsophis sanctonum) is a species of snake found in the Caribbean, on the Lesser Antilles.	Terre-de-Haut racer	Alsophis
parent taxon	Seicercus is a genus of Old World warbler formerly in the Sylviidae family but now placed in Phylloscopidae.	Seicercus	Sylviidae
parent taxon	The Gulf wobbegong or banded wobbegong (Orectolobus halei) is a species of carpet shark in the family Orectolobidae, found in southern Australia between Southport, Queensland and Norwegian Bay, Western Australia.	Gulf wobbegong	Orectolobus
parent taxon	The Lake Rukwa suckermouth (Chiloglanis rukwaensis) is a species of upside-down catfish native to Tanzania and Zambia where it is found in the Lake Rukwa drainage.	Lake Rukwa suckermouth	Chiloglanis
parent taxon	Lognkosauria is a group of giant long-necked sauropod dinosaurs within the clade Titanosauria.	Lognkosauria	Titanosauria
parent taxon	Artemidiconus is a monospecific genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conorbidae.	Artemidiconus	Conorbidae
parent taxon	Sibyllidae is a family of mantises in the order Mantodea.	Sibyllidae	Mantodea
parent taxon	Mice in the genus Dendromus are commonly referred to as African climbing mice or tree mice, although these terms are often used to describe all members of the subfamily Dendromurinae.	Dendromus	Dendromurinae
parent taxon	Chiniquodontoidea is a clade of cynodonts that is defined as including all probainognathians closer to mammals than to Probainognathus, which is the more primitive form in Probainognathia.	Chiniquodontoidea	Probainognathia
parent taxon	Chondrosteus is a genus of extinct actinopterygian fish belonging to the family Chondrosteidae.	Chondrosteus	Chondrosteidae
parent taxon	The Franklin's gull (Leucophaeus pipixcan) is a small gull.	Franklin's gull	Leucophaeus
parent taxon	Thomas's nectar bat (Lonchophylla thomasi) is a bat species from South and Central America.	Thomas's nectar bat	Lonchophylla
parent taxon	Carduoideae is the thistle subfamily of the Asteraceae, or sunflower family, of flowering plants.	Carduoideae	Asteraceae
parent taxon	The Antioquia wren (Thryophilus sernai) is a passerine from the wren family (Troglodytidae).	Antioquia wren	Thryophilus
parent taxon	Zacotus matthewsii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Zacotus.	Zacotus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Discopyge is a small genus of fish, the apron rays, in the family Narcinidae.	Discopyge	Narcinidae
parent taxon	The Antarctic starry skate (Amblyraja georgiana) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family.	Antarctic starry skate	Amblyraja
parent taxon	The Arroyo of Paradise brucie (Brucepattersonius paradisus) is a South American rodent species of the family Cricetidae.	Arroyo of Paradise brucie	Brucepattersonius
parent taxon	The New Zealand sprat, Sprattus muelleri, is a herring-like, marine fish in the family Clupeidae found in the subtropical southwest Pacific Ocean endemic to New Zealand.	New Zealand sprat	Sprattus
parent taxon	The Japanese robin (Erithacus akahige, formerly Luscinia akahige) or komadori is a songbird.	Japanese robin	Erithacus
parent taxon	Electromethes is an extinct genus of beetle closely resembling members of the family Omethidae.	Electromethes	Omethidae
parent taxon	Cedrela is a genus of several species in the mahogany family, Meliaceae.	Cedrela	Meliaceae
parent taxon	The Macrocephalini are a tribe of ambush bugs, which are a subfamily (Phymatinae) of the assassin bug family (Reduviidae).	Macrocephalini	Phymatinae
parent taxon	Pissarrachampsinae is one of two subfamilies of Baurusuchidae, the other being Baurusuchinae.	Pissarrachampsinae	Baurusuchidae
parent taxon	The Brazilian skate (Rajella sadowskii) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family.	Brazilian skate	Rajella
parent taxon	Calamphoreus inflatus is the only species of the flowering plant genus Calamphoreus in the family Scrophulariaceae.	Calamphoreus	Scrophulariaceae
parent taxon	The Bornean barbet (Megalaima eximia) is a species of bird in the Ramphastidae family.	Bornean barbet	Megalaima
parent taxon	Brevipalpus is a genus of mites in the family Tenuipalpidae, the flat mites.	Brevipalpus	Tenuipalpidae
parent taxon	Monortha is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.	Monortha	Tortricidae
parent taxon	The Middle American indigo snake (Drymarchon melanurus), also known as the blacktail cribo, is a large, nonvenomous, colubrid snake species found in the southwestern United States, Mexico, Central America, and northern South America.	Middle American indigo snake	Drymarchon
parent taxon	Craticulina is a genus of true flies in the family Sarcophagidae.	Craticulina	Sarcophagidae
parent taxon	Iphiclides is a genus of butterflies of the family Papilionidae.	Iphiclides	Papilionidae
parent taxon	Harpoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the family Hildoceratidae.	Harpoceras	Hildoceratidae
parent taxon	Zephyra is a genus of cormous plants in the Tecophilaeaceae, first described as a genus in 1832.	Zephyra	Tecophilaeaceae
parent taxon	The Tupana scythebill (Campylorhamphus procurvoides gyldenstolpei), is a new subspecies of Brazilian scythebill in the genus Campylorhamphus in the woodcreeper subfamily (Dendrocolaptinae).	Tupana scythebill	Campylorhamphus
parent taxon	Trichuris, often referred to as whipworms (which typically refers to T. trichiura only in medicine, and to any other species in veterinary medicine), is a genus of parasite worms from the roundworm family Trichuridae, which is a type of helminth.	Trichuris	Trichuridae
parent taxon	Reynoldsiella parallela is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, the only species in the genus Reynoldsiella.	Reynoldsiella	Mordellidae
parent taxon	The Hudsonian whiteface (Leucorrhinia hudsonica) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Hudsonian whiteface	Leucorrhinia
parent taxon	Emerald-striped slim or green-striped slim (Aciagrion pinheyi) is a damselfly described by Samways in 2001.	Emerald-striped slim	Aciagrion
parent taxon	Balsam woolly adelgids (Adelges piceae) are small wingless insects that infest and kill firs, especially balsam fir and Fraser fir.	Balsam woolly adelgid	Adelges
parent taxon	Alauda is a genus of larks with four species found across much of Europe, Asia and in the mountains of north Africa, and one species (the Raso lark) endemic to the islet of Raso in the Cape Verde Islands.	Alauda	lark
parent taxon	The Hawaiian blackhead triplefin (Enneapterygius atriceps), also known as the Hawaiian triplefin in Hawaii, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Hawaiian blackhead triplefin	Enneapterygius
parent taxon	Medinella is a genus of tachinid flies in the family Tachinidae.	Medinella	Tachinidae
parent taxon	Illiosentidae is a family of parasitic worms from the order Echinorhynchida.	Illiosentidae	Echinorhynchida
parent taxon	The Pacific spoon-nose eel (Echiophis brunneus, also known commonly as the Fangjaw eel in Mexico) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Pacific spoon-nose eel	Echiophis
parent taxon	Larsenia is a genus of extremely small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Vanikoridae.	Larsenia	Vanikoridae
parent taxon	Pepinia is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Pitcairnioideae.	Pepinia	Bromeliaceae
parent taxon	Leptoclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing one species Leptoclanis pulchra, it is known from Brachystegia woodland from Angola and Zimbabwe to Zambia, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and southern Tanzania.	Leptoclanis	Sphingidae
parent taxon	The Menzbier's marmot (Marmota menzbieri) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Menzbier's marmot	Marmota
parent taxon	The Réunion olive white-eye (Zosterops olivaceus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Réunion olive white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	Stygoporus oregonensis is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Stygoporus.	Stygoporus	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	Cranwell's horned frog (Ceratophrys cranwelli), also called the Chacoan horned frog, is a terrestrial frog endemic to the dry Gran Chaco region of Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay and Brazil.	Cranwell's horned frog	Ceratophrys
parent taxon	The Santarem marmoset (Mico humeralifera), also known as a black and white tassel-ear marmoset is a marmoset endemic to Brazil.	Santarem marmoset	Mico
parent taxon	The Atlantic weasel shark, Paragaleus pectoralis, is a weasel shark of the family Hemigaleidae, found in the Eastern Atlantic Ocean, from the surface to a depth of 100 m. It can reach a length of 1.4 m.	Atlantic weasel shark	Paragaleus
parent taxon	Redlichia is a genus of redlichiid trilobite in the family Redlichiidae, with large to very large species (up to 35 centimetres or 14 inches long).	Redlichia	Redlichiidae
parent taxon	The Phaneropterinae are a subfamily of bush crickets or katydids belonging to the family Tettigoniidae; nearly 2060 species in 85 genera throughout the world are known.	Phaneropterinae	Tettigoniidae
parent taxon	The Sillem's mountain finch or tawny-headed mountain finch (Carpodacus sillemi) is a species of rosefinch in the finch family.	Sillem's mountain finch	Carpodacus
parent taxon	Abyssochrysoidea is a superfamily of deep-water sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Caenogastropoda.	Abyssochrysoidea	Caenogastropoda
parent taxon	The Micronesian starling (Aplonis opaca) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae.	Micronesian starling	Aplonis
parent taxon	Euoplocyon is an extinct genus of the Borophaginae and a small terrestrial canine which inhabited most of North America during the Hemingfordian stage of the Early Miocene subepoch through the Barstovian stage of the Middle Miocene subepoch living 20.6--13.6 Mya, existing for about 7 million years.	Euoplocyon	Borophaginae
parent taxon	The Australian sprat, Sprattus novaehollandiae, is a sprat fish whose habitat ranges in the waters surrounding Australia including Tasmania.	Australian sprat	Sprattus
parent taxon	The New Caledonian barn owl (Tyto letocarti), also referred to as Letocart's barn owl, is an extinct species of owl in the barn owl family.	New Caledonian barn owl	Tyto
parent taxon	Dalmanitoidea is a superfamily of trilobites in the order Phacopida, containing the three families Dalmanitidae, Diaphanometopidae and Prosopiscidae.	Dalmanitoidea	Phacopida
parent taxon	Imaia is a fungal genus in the family Morchellaceae found in Japan, and in the Appalachian Mountains of the USA.	Imaia	Morchellaceae
parent taxon	Shyrodes dohertyi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Shyrodes.	Shyrodes	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Ecuadorian cacique (Cacicus sclateri) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae.	Ecuadorian cacique	Cacicus
parent taxon	Horseradish (Armoracia rusticana, syn. Cochlearia armoracia) is a perennial plant of the Brassicaceae family (which also includes mustard, wasabi, broccoli, and cabbage).	Horseradish	Armoracia
parent taxon	Cassidulinacea is included in the suborder Rotaliina by Loeblich and Tappan, e.g. 1964 and 1988, since redefined as the Rotaliida and since reassigned to the Buliminida in Sen Gupta 2002.	Cassidulinacea	Rotaliina
parent taxon	The Samoa sawtooth eel, Serrivomer samoensis, is a sawtooth eel of the genus Serrivomer, found in the southwest Pacific at depths between 500 and 2,000 m. Their length is up to 75 cm.	Samoa sawtooth eel	Serrivomer
parent taxon	The Xenopsyllini form a flea tribe (or depending on classifications a subfamily called Xenopsyllinae) in the family Pulicidae.	Xenopsyllini	Pulicidae
parent taxon	Polyceroidea is a taxonomic superfamily of sea slugs, specifically dorid nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Doridacea.	Polyceroidea	Doridacea
parent taxon	The Caribbean reef octopus (Octopus briareus) is a coral reef marine animal.	Caribbean reef octopus	Octopus
parent taxon	The black geese of the genus Branta are waterfowl belonging to the true geese and swans subfamily Anserinae.	Branta	Anserinae
parent taxon	Philydrum is a genus of tufted, herbaceous, aquatic macrophyte plants, one of three genera constituting the plant family Philydraceae.	Philydrum	Philydraceae
parent taxon	Anshunsaurus is a genus of thalattosaurs within the family Askeptosauridae.	Anshunsaurus	Askeptosauridae
parent taxon	Glaphyroptera insignis is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Glaphyroptera.	Glaphyroptera	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Owl's spiny rat, Carterodon sulcidens, is a rodent species from South America in the family Echimyidae.	Owl's spiny rat	Carterodon
parent taxon	The Nemestrinoidea are a small, monophyletic superfamily of flies, whose relationship to the remaining Brachycera is uncertain; they are sometimes grouped with the Tabanomorpha rather than the Asilomorpha.	Nemestrinoidea	Asilomorpha
parent taxon	The Northern rock sole, Lepidopsetta polyxystra, is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae.	Northern rock sole	Lepidopsetta
parent taxon	Bruchidius is a genus of beetles in the bean weevil subfamily (Bruchinae) of the leaf beetle family, Chrysomelidae.	Bruchidius	Bruchinae
parent taxon	Psilothrix is a genus of soft-winged flower beetles belonging to the family Melyridae, subfamily Dasytinae.	Psilothrix	Dasytinae
parent taxon	Sloggett's vlei rat or ice rat (Otomys sloggetti or Myotomys sloggetti) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Sloggett's vlei rat	Otomys	Myotomys
parent taxon	Platyphora is a genus of broad-shouldered leaf beetles belonging to the Chrysomelidae family.	Platyphora	Chrysomelidae
parent taxon	Guaranobunus guaraniticus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Guaranobunus	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Chilostoma is a genus of medium-sized, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae, the true snails.	Chilostoma	Helicidae
parent taxon	Xyloolaena is a genus within Sarcolaenaceae family.	Xyloolaena	Sarcolaenaceae
parent taxon	Ipsa is a genus of small or medium-sized sea snails, cowries, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Ipsa	Cypraeidae
parent taxon	Brace's emerald (Chlorostilbon bracei) is an extinct species of hummingbird which was endemic to the main island of the Bahamas, New Providence.	Brace's emerald	Chlorostilbon
parent taxon	The Vanuatu flying fox or white flying fox (Pteropus anetianus) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.	Vanuatu flying fox	Pteropus
participant of	Tito Nordio was a sailor from Italy, who represented his country at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Tito Nordio	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Velimir Valenta (April 21, 1929 -- November 27, 2004) was a Yugoslav/Croatian rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Velimir Valenta	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ludovic Valborge (born 1889, date of death unknown) was an Olympic sport shooter who was part of the team won Haiti's first ever Olympic medal, a bronze in team free rifle at the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Ludovic Valborge	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erik Hochstein (born October 1, 1968 in Düsseldorf, North-Rhine Westphalia) is a former swimmer from Germany, who won the bronze medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Erik Hochstein	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Birgit Heeb-Batliner (born 14 October 1972) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics, 1994 Winter Olympics, 1998 Winter Olympics, and 2002 Winter Olympics.	Birgit Heeb-Batliner	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics	1998 Winter Olympics	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	LaTanya Sheffield (born October 11, 1963 in El Cajon, California) is a retired hurdler from the United States, who finished in eight place in the women's 400 metres hurdles final at the 1988 Summer Olympics (Seoul, South Korea).	LaTanya Sheffield	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gábor Balogh (born August 5, 1976 in Budapest, Hungary) is a former Hungarian modern pentathlete who won silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Gábor Balogh	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Damir Dugonjič (born 21 February 1988) is a Slovenian swimmer who competed for his native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Damir Dugonjič	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mariette Rix (born 8 April 1981) is a South African field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Mariette Rix	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yumiko Ishiguro (born 31 October 1983) is a Japanese synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Yumiko Ishiguro	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shawn Dulohery (born May 4, 1965 in Kansas City, Missouri) is an American sport shooter who represented the United States at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Shawn Dulohery	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Uschi Keszler qualified to represent the Unified Team of Germany at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck and finished 24th.	Uschi Keszler	1964 Winter Olympics
participant of	Aleksei Barkalov (Ukrainian: Олексій Степанович Баркалов, Russian: Алексей Степанович Баркалов; 18 February 1946 -- 9 September 2004) was a Ukrainian water polo player who competed in the 1968, 1972, 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics and won two gold and one silver medals for the Soviet Union team.	Aleksei Barkalov	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Uwe Steingross (born 19 April 1951) is a German sailor who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and 1980 Summer Olympics.	Uwe Steingross	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vasyl Kovalchuk (born April 18, 1973) is a Ukrainian sports-shooter who won a gold medal in Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the Mixed 10 metre air rifle prone SH2.	Vasyl Kovalchuk	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Anthony Douglas (born 22 November 1985) is a former British short track speed skater who competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics.	Anthony Douglas	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Ronald Serugo (born 5 September 1984) is an Ugandan amateur boxer who qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in the junior flyweight division.	Ronald Serugo	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Giulio Cacciandra (July 15, 1884 -- January 28, 1970) was an Italian horse rider who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Giulio Cacciandra	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Chan Yun To (Chinese: 陳潤韜; Jyutping: can4 jeon6 tou1; born 21 February 1966) is a bodybuilder from Hong Kong who won a gold medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the men's -75 kg class.	Chan Yun To	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Ulrike Tauber (born 16 June 1958) is a retired medley and butterfly swimmer from East Germany, who won the gold medal in the women's 400 m individual medley at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada.	Ulrike Tauber	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karl Schwegler (born September 17, 1902, date of death missing) was a Swiss rower who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Karl Schwegler	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Christl Haas (19 September 1943 -- 8 July 2001) was an Austrian alpine skiing champion at the 1964 Winter Olympics.	Christl Haas	1964 Winter Olympics
participant of	Mirko Sandić (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирко Сандић; May 9, 1942 in Belgrade -- December 24, 2006) was a Serbian water polo player who led the Yugoslav team to gold at the 1968 Summer Olympics and silver at the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Mirko Sandić	1968 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sándor Cséfai (July 13, 1904 in Budapest -- September 2, 1984 in Budapest) was a Hungarian field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Sándor Cséfai	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Valdemaras Venckaitis (born September 4, 1983 in Vilnius) is a Greco-Roman wrestler from Lithuania, who competed for the men's 74 kg (middleweight division) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Valdemaras Venckaitis	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	In the Women's 400m individual medley at the 2010 Asian Games, Ye Shiwen, aged 14, swam 4:33.79.	Ye Shiwen	2010 Asian Games
participant of	Mehrullah Lassi (born November 24, 1979, Karachi, Sindh) is a former Pakistani amateur boxer best known to win a gold medal at the 2002 Asian Games.	Mehrullah Lassi	2002 Asian Games
participant of	Sirop Arslanian (born 27 November 1966) is a former Lebanese racing cyclist who competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in the individual road race.	Sirop Arslanian	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hamdy Awad El Safi (Arabic: حمدي عوض الصافي‎) (born April 14, 1972) is an Egyptian indoor volleyball player, who played with the Egypt national team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Hamdy Awad	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eva-Maria ten Elsen (born 14 September 1937) is a German former swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 200 m breaststroke event at the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Eva-Maria ten Elsen	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hans Matthiae (born December 22, 1884 - died ?) was a Germany rower who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Hans Matthiae	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dalia Henry (born 14 June 1965) is a Cuban former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Dalia Henry	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ulderico Sergo (Rijeka, 4 July 1913 -- Cleveland, 20 February 1967) was a bantamweight professional boxer from Italy, who won the gold medal at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin.	Ulderico Sergo	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Edsel Martis (born December 22, 1961) is a Dutch baseball player who represented the Netherlands at the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Edsel Martis	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kiyomi Takahashi (born 3 March 1966) is a Japanese former swimmer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Kiyomi Takahashi	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kate Hooper (born 26 February 1978 in Auckland, New Zealand) is an Australian water polo player from the gold medal squad of the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Kate Hooper	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ragnar Olsen (13 March 1914 -- 9 July 1990) was a Norwegian racewalker who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Ragnar Olsen	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Željko Nimš (born 22 April 1950) is a Croatian handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia.	Željko Nimš	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gian Bazzi (1 April 1931 -- 12 January 2016) was a Swiss professional ice hockey player who competed for the Swiss national team at the 1952 Winter Olympics.	Gian Bazzi	1952 Winter Olympics
participant of	Nancy Merki (June 1, 1926 -- October 7, 2014), also known by her married names Lees, Cory and Boland, was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.	Nancy Merki	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Franz Pitschmann (born 16 December 1954 in Hall in Tirol) is an Austrian former wrestler who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics, in the 1980 Summer Olympics, in the 1984 Summer Olympics, and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Franz Pitschmann	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Parviz Hadi elected Pahlevan of Iran in 2014. Asian Games -- 2010 Asian Championships -- 2012, 2013 World Cup -- 2014, 2015 Universiade -- 2013	Parviz Hadi	2014. Asian Games
participant of	Neo Chwee Kok, John Paul (Chinese: 梁水国; pinyin: Liáng Shuǐguó; 31 May 1931 -- 23 January 1987) was a Singaporean swimmer who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Neo Chwee Kok	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	István Csák, also known as Hircsák (February 18, 1915 -- December 31, 1976) was a Hungarian ice hockey and field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	István Csák	1936 Winter Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jean Grüner (born October 10, 1916) is a Swiss field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics, in the 1948 Summer Olympics, and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Jean Grüner	1936 Summer Olympics	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Juan Enrique Escalas (born 25 March 1964 in Palma de Mallorca) is a Spanish former swimmer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Juan Enrique Escalas	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Carlos Alberto Martins Cavalheiro (25 January 1932 -- 29 June 2012) is a Brazilian former footballer who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Carlos Alberto Martins Cavalheiro	1952 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sharon Day-Monroe placed 24th in the high jump clearing a height of 1.85 meters at Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Sharon Day-Monroe	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jerson Ravelo (born July 30, 1977, in San Cristobal) is a boxer from the Dominican Republic, who represented his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney in the Men's 75 kg Division.	Jerson Ravelo	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Amadeo Ortega (date of birth unknown, died 17 October 1983) was a Paraguayan football forward who played for Paraguay in the 1930 FIFA World Cup.	Amadeo Ortega	1930 FIFA World Cup
participant of	In the 1970 FIFA World Cup, improvised as a forward, Tostão scored two of his 32 goals for Brazil, as the national team won its third trophy, whilst finding the net on 19 occasions.	Tostão	1970 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Mark Precious (born 29 August 1956) is a former field hockey player, who won the bronze medal with the British team at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.	Mark Precious	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Luis Pierri (born 10 March 1963) is an Uruguayan former basketball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Luis Pierri	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kenichi Konishi (Japanese: 小西 健一, born March 20, 1909) was a Japanese field hockey player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Kenichi Konishi	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Henri Weewauters (born 8 November 1875 -- died ?) was a Belgian sailor who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Henri Weewauters	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Klaus Gruner (born August 22, 1952 in Frankenhausen, Crimmitschau) is a former East German handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Klaus Gruner	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michael Hilgers (born August 6, 1966) is a former field hockey forward from Germany, who won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Michael Hilgers	1988 Summer Olympics
performer	SpeciAlisa is the sixth studio album by Japanese recording artist Alisa Mizuki, released through Avex Tune on May 25, 2011.	SpeciAlisa	Alisa Mizuki
performer	The Staple Swingers is a 1971 soul album by The Staple Singers.	The Staple Swingers	The Staple Singers
performer	``Oh Carolina'' is a 1958 song by John Folkes recorded by the Folkes Brothers in 1960 and by Shaggy in 1993.	Oh Carolina	Shaggy
performer	Crack My Nut is the third studio album by Dutch rock and roll band Claw Boys Claw.	Crack My Nut	Claw Boys Claw
performer	Casa Babylon is the fifth record album by Mano Negra, released in May 1994.	Casa Babylon	Mano Negra
performer	``Je lui dirai'' (meaning ``I Will Tell Him'') is the third promotional single from Celine Dion's album Miracle.	Je lui dirai	Celine Dion
performer	Cold in California is the third studio album released by the pop-rock band Ingram Hill August 21, 2007.	Cold in California	Ingram Hill
performer	Extension of the Wish is the debut album by Andromeda.	Extension of the Wish	Andromeda
performer	``Links 2-3-4'' (German for Left 2-3-4) is a song by the Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein, released on their third studio album, Mutter (Mother).	Links 2-3-4	Rammstein
performer	``Can't Be Sure'' was the 1989 debut single by the British indie pop group The Sundays.	Can't Be Sure	The Sundays
performer	Lincoln Burrows, played by Dominic Purcell, is a fictional character and one of the two protagonists of the American television series Prison Break.	Lincoln Burrows	Dominic Purcell
performer	``Invisible Sun'' is a hit single by rock group The Police, released in September 1981.	Invisible Sun	The Police
performer	Future Perfect is the debut full-length album by Autolux, released November 21, 2004 on T-Bone Burnett's label, DMZ, via Columbia.	Future Perfect	Autolux
performer	``Innervision'' is a song by Armenian American rock band System of a Down.	Innervision	System of a Down
performer	Bamboo Collage is Hitomi Takahashi's second album released under gr8! records, a division of Sony Records.	Bamboo Collage	Hitomi Takahashi
performer	Turf Buccaneers is a 2001 album by Mac Dre and his group, Cutthroat Committee, composing of Dre, PSD, & dubee	Turf Buccaneers	Mac Dre
performer	Bipolar and Proud is a 2004 album released by country music parodist Cledus T. Judd.	Bipolar and Proud	Cledus T. Judd
performer	``I Believe (When I Fall in Love It Will Be Forever)'' is a soul song co-written and performed by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder and Yvonne Wright, for Wonder's fifteenth studio album Talking Book (1972).	I Believe (When I Fall in Love It Will Be Forever)	Stevie Wonder
performer	The Dream Calls for Blood is the seventh studio album from American thrash metal band Death Angel.	The Dream Calls for Blood	Death Angel
performer	``Father to a Sister of Thought'' is a song written by Stephen Malkmus of Pavement that appears on the band's third album, Wowee Zowee (1995).	Father to a Sister of Thought	Pavement
performer	``I Don't Need It'' is a song performed by R&B singer Jamie Foxx from his third studio album, Intuition.	I Don't Need It	Jamie Foxx
performer	``You're Gonna Get Yours'' (sometimes subtitled ``My 98 Oldsmobile'') is a 1987 single by hip hop group Public Enemy from their debut album Yo!	You're Gonna Get Yours	Public Enemy
performer	Starlite Walker is the first full-length studio album by indie-rock group Silver Jews.	Starlite Walker	Silver Jews
performer	Get Evens is the second album by indie/punk duo The Evens.	Get Evens	The Evens
performer	Monstereo Delicio is a rock album by Girl Monstar, released in 1992.	Monstereo Delicio	Girl Monstar
performer	No Place for Disgrace is the second album by American thrash metal band Flotsam and Jetsam, released in 1988.	No Place for Disgrace	Flotsam and Jetsam
performer	``Step in the Name of Love (Remix)'' is the title of a hit song by R&B singer R. Kelly.	Step in the Name of Love	R. Kelly
performer	Koi Aanay Wala Hai (Urdu: کوئی آنے والا ہے, literal English translation: ``someone is coming'') is the fifth studio album by the Pakistani pop band Strings, released on 16 May 2008.	Koi Aanay Wala Hai	Strings
performer	``Glitter in Their Eyes'' is a rock song written by Patti Smith and Oliver Ray, and released as a promo single from Patti Smith 2000 album Gung Ho.	Glitter in Their Eyes	Patti Smith
performer	Eternal Echoes is the name of John Barry's final solo album.	Eternal Echoes	John Barry
performer	``La Fel De Prost Ca Tine'' (Just As Dumb As You) is the third single by B.U.G. Mafia from their ninth studio album, Înapoi În Viitor (Back To The Future).	La Fel De Prost Ca Tine	B.U.G. Mafia
performer	``The Jackass Song'' is the fifth and final single released by Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am from the political compilation album Change Is Now:	The Jackass Song	will.i.am
performer	The World's Not Big Enough is the only solo album by John Du Cann, who was best known as guitarist and vocalist with Atomic Rooster and Hard Stuff in the 1970s.	The World's Not Big Enough	John Du Cann
performer	Salma ya salama is a studio album released by Dalida in March 1977 in France, Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Egypt and other countries.	Salma ya salama	Dalida
performer	Venus No. 17 is an extended play by Squarepusher.	Venus No. 17	Squarepusher
performer	``I Wish I Was James Bond'' was the fifth single from Scouting for Girls' debut album, Scouting for Girls.	I Wish I Was James Bond	Scouting for Girls
performer	``Last Cup of Sorrow'' is the third track from Faith No More's sixth studio album Album of the Year.	Last Cup of Sorrow	Faith No More
performer	``Fire Lake'' is a song written and recorded by American musical artist Bob Seger.	Fire Lake	Bob Seger
performer	``Love Yourself'' is a song recorded by Canadian singer Justin Bieber for his fourth studio album Purpose (2015).	Love Yourself	Justin Bieber
performer	``Since You've Gone'' is the final promo single from Belinda Carlisle's Belinda album, released in 1986 (See 1986 in music).	Since You've Gone	Belinda Carlisle
performer	``The Lover in You'' was the second and final single released from Big Daddy Kane's fourth studio album, Prince of Darkness.	The Lover in You	Big Daddy Kane
performer	``I'm Into You'' is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez for her seventh studio album Love? (2011).	I'm Into You	Jennifer Lopez
performer	``Written on Her'' is the second single from rapper Birdman's fourth studio album, Priceless.	Written on Her	Birdman
performer	``Walkampf'' (Whale struggle) is a song by Die Toten Hosen.	Walkampf	Die Toten Hosen
performer	Another Day Has Passed is the debut studio album by American hard rock--heavy metal band Goes Cube.	Another Day Has Passed	Goes Cube
performer	``Young Savage'' is the second single by Ultravox!.	Young Savage	Ultravox
performer	Watch It, Sucker! is the second and most acclaimed album released by American comic and actress LaWanda Page, who released the album in 1972 under the name LaWanda.	Watch It, Sucker!	LaWanda Page
performer	Cardio-Vascular is an EP by British dance-punk band Youves.	Cardio-Vascular	Youves
performer	Lust Lust Lust is the third album by The Raveonettes, released on November 12, 2007 in the UK, and February 19, 2008 in the US, with bonus tracks included.	Lust Lust Lust	The Raveonettes
performer	Idiots on the Miniature Golf Course is an album by experimental rock composer Zoogz Rift, released in 1979 through Snout Records.	Idiots on the Miniature Golf Course	Zoogz Rift
performer	That Is Why You're Overweight is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1976 and released on the Atlantic label.	That Is Why You're Overweight	Eddie Harris
performer	``Stayin' Alive'' is a disco song by the Bee Gees from the Saturday Night Fever motion picture soundtrack.	Stayin' Alive	Bee Gees
performer	Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah is the Bikini Kill side of a split album between American and English riot grrrl bands Bikini Kill and Huggy Bear.	Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah	Bikini Kill
performer	``Burn Rubber on Me (Why You Wanna Hurt Me)'' is a song originally performed by The Gap Band in 1980 and written by member Charlie Wilson and producer Lonnie Simmons.	Burn Rubber on Me (Why You Wanna Hurt Me)	The Gap Band
performer	Jewel of the Nile is the third album by rap duo, Nice & Smooth.	Jewel of the Nile	Nice & Smooth
performer	``We're Going Wrong'' is a song by British supergroup Cream from the album Disraeli Gears.	We're Going Wrong	Cream
performer	What the Toll Tells is the second album recorded by Two Gallants released in February 2006 (see 2006 in music).	What the Toll Tells	Two Gallants
performer	New Conversations is an album by American jazz pianist Bill Evans, released in 1978.	New Conversations	Bill Evans
performer	Şans is second studio album by the Turkish R&B singer, Murat Boz.	Şans	Murat Boz
performer	``Opus 17 (Don't You Worry 'bout Me)'' is a song composed by Sandy Linzer and Denny Randell and recorded by The Four Seasons in 1966 for their album Working My Way Back to You.	Opus 17 (Don't You Worry 'bout Me)	The Four Seasons
performer	Sobre(tudo) was a 2001 album by Sam the Kid.	Sobre(tudo)	Sam the Kid
performer	A-Town Blues is the fourth studio album by American country musician Wayne Hancock, released in 2001.	A-Town Blues	Wayne Hancock
performer	Rainbow Visions is the fifth album by R&B group Side Effect.	Rainbow Visions	Side Effect
performer	``Bitter Sweet Symphony'' is a song by English alternative rock band The Verve, and is the lead track on their third studio album, Urban Hymns (1997).	Bitter Sweet Symphony	The Verve
performer	Crashin' A Party was the second single by American R&B singer and rapper Lumidee, from her debut album Almost Famous (2003).	Crashin' A Party	Lumidee
performer	Saudades de Rock (which roughly translates from Portuguese as ``Nostalgic Yearnings of Rock'') is Extreme's fifth studio album, released on August 12, 2008.	Saudades de Rock	Extreme
performer	``Cheapskate (You Ain't Gettin' Nada)'' is the first single released from the Sporty Thievz debut album, Street Cinema.	Cheapskate (You Ain't Gettin' Nada)	Sporty Thievz
performer	The Wack Album is the third studio album by American comedy hip hop group The Lonely Island.	The Wack Album	The Lonely Island
performer	Upon the Bridge is the sixth album by American reggae band Groundation.	Upon the Bridge	Groundation
performer	Young and Free is the third studio album by British all-female heavy metal band Rock Goddess.	Young and Free	Rock Goddess
performer	Dinah, Yes Indeed! is a 1958 studio album by Dinah Shore, arranged by Nelson Riddle.	Dinah, Yes Indeed!	Dinah Shore
performer	``For the Love of Money'' is a soul/funk song written by Kenneth Gamble, Leon Huff, and Anthony Jackson; and recorded by Philadelphia soul group The O'Jays for the album Ship Ahoy.	For the Love of Money	The O'Jays
performer	``We're Not the Same'' is a song written and produced exclusively for the launch and promotion of Tommy Hilfiger's fragance LOUD by The Ting Tings.	We're Not the Same	The Ting Tings
performer	``Friedenspanzer'' (in German: Peace tank) is a punk song by Die Ärzte.	Friedenspanzer	Die Ärzte
performer	First Breath is the first album released by the band Mercenary.	First Breath	Mercenary
performer	Como Ama una Mujer (English: How a Woman Loves) is the fifth studio album by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez.	Como Ama una Mujer	Jennifer Lopez
performer	So Long, Scarecrow is the second album by the rock band Scarling.	So Long, Scarecrow	Scarling
performer	The Rules of Dada is the second studio album by the Swedish electronic music duo Dada Life (Olle Corneér and Stefan Engblom).	The Rules of Dada	Dada Life
performer	Jhazmyne's Lullaby is the sole studio album from Milwaukee metalcore band 7 Angels 7 Plagues.	Jhazmyne's Lullaby	7 Angels 7 Plagues
performer	Hand Cut is the third studio album by pop group Bucks Fizz.	Hand Cut	Bucks Fizz
performer	Por Qué Será (Why Would That Be?) is an album released by Venezuelan performer Rudy La Scala in 1991.	Por Qué Será	Rudy La Scala
performer	Night Child is an album by Canadian pianist Oscar Peterson, accompanied by Joe Pass, Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen and Louie Bellson.	Night Child	Oscar Peterson
performer	I Com is an album by Miss Kittin released in 2004 on label NovaMute.	I Com	Miss Kittin
performer	Dwell in the House is the ninth (and last) Christian worship music album recorded by Ron Kenoly.	Dwell in the House	Ron Kenoly
performer	Company of Justice was Play Dead's final studio album.	Company of Justice	Play Dead
performer	Dauði Baldrs (English: ``Baldr's Death'' or ``The Death of Baldr'') is the fifth album by the Norwegian band Burzum.	Dauði Baldrs	Burzum
performer	Insanity and Genius is the third studio album by Gamma Ray and final album with Ralf Scheepers on vocals.	Insanity and Genius	Gamma Ray
performer	The Universal Cure is reggae artist Jah Cure's second studio album.	The Universal Cure	Jah Cure
performer	``Where Is My Man'' is a song from 1983 by the American singer and actress Eartha Kitt, which appeared on her 1984 album I Love Men.	Where Is My Man	Eartha Kitt
performer	``Lie About Us'' is a song recorded by American recording artist Avant from his fourth studio album Director (2006).	Lie About Us	Avant
performer	The Healing Game is the twenty-sixth studio album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison, released in 1997 (see 1997 in music).	The Healing Game	Van Morrison
performer	``Et uus saaks alguse'' (``So there can be a new beginning'') is a song recorded by Estonian singer Birgit Õigemeel.	Et uus saaks alguse	Birgit Õigemeel
performer	Acid Country is the third solo album by British artist Paul Heaton, following his debut album (under the guise of Biscuit Boy aka Crackerman) Fat Chance and second solo album as himself, The Cross Eyed Rambler.	Acid Country	Paul Heaton
performer	``Four Walls / Paradise Circus'' is a collaboration between Massive Attack and Burial, which was first released as a limited vinyl edition on 17 October 2011, with pre-orders from 10 October 2011.	Four Walls / Paradise Circus	Massive Attack	Burial
performer	A Snow Capped Romance is the second album of Alaskan metalcore band 36 Crazyfists.	A Snow Capped Romance	36 Crazyfists
performer	The Dance of Death & Other Plantation Favorites (originally issued as Vol. 3: The Dance of Death & Other Plantation Favorites) is the third album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey, released in 1965.	The Dance of Death & Other Plantation Favorites	John Fahey
performer	``Don't You Miss Me'' is a single by Bosnian band Sikter from the album My Music, written and produced by Enes Zlatar and Dragan Rokvić.	Don't You Miss Me	Sikter
performer	Chasing After Ghosts was the first full length studio album released by Sheffield based indie pop group The Crookes.	Chasing After Ghosts	The Crookes
performer	To Find Me Gone is the second studio album by Andy Cabic's San Francisco based band Vetiver.	To Find Me Gone	Vetiver
performer	Cloaked by Ages, Crowned in Earth is the third and last album by the American doom metal band Morgion.	Cloaked by Ages, Crowned in Earth	Morgion
performer	Vagabonds and Hooligans is the fifth album by Backyard Tire Fire, released on February 6, 2007.	Vagabonds and Hooligans	Backyard Tire Fire
performer	Brother Jug!' is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label.	Brother Jug!	Gene Ammons
performer	The Ride Majestic is the tenth studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band, Soilwork.	The Ride Majestic	Soilwork
performer	``Maybe It Was Memphis'' is a song written by Michael Anderson, and recorded by American country music artist Pam Tillis on two separate occasions.	Maybe It Was Memphis	Pam Tillis
performer	The Modern Tribe is the second studio album from Baltimore's Celebration.	The Modern Tribe	Celebration
performer	``Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad'' is a 1992 single by British hard rock band Def Leppard from their multi-platinum album Adrenalize.	Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad	Def Leppard
performer	Everything Is Borrowed is the fourth album from The Streets.	Everything Is Borrowed	The Streets
performer	Ayami Beek (Arabic: ايامي بيك‎) is Elissa's sixth studio album and the follow-up to 2006's Bastanak.	Ayami Beek	Elissa
performer	This Dollar Saved My Life at Whitehorse is the first studio album by Swedish/German band Lucyfire.	This Dollar Saved My Life at Whitehorse	Lucyfire
performer	``An Sommertagen'' was released with ``Um bei dir zu sein'' from Christina Stürmer's fourth album, Lebe Lauter.	An Sommertagen	Christina Stürmer
performer	``Champione'' is the 14th single from the Japanese band Orange Range.	Champione	Orange Range
performer	Underwater Moonlight is the second studio album by English rock band The Soft Boys, released on 28 June 1980 by record label Armageddon.	Underwater Moonlight	The Soft Boys
performer	``Never Trust a Stranger'' is the third single from Close, the sixth original album by Kim Wilde.	Never Trust a Stranger	Kim Wilde
performer	``It's Going to Happen!'' is a punk rock song originally written and recorded by Northern Irish band The Undertones.	It's Going to Happen!	The Undertones
performer	The Texas-Jerusalem Crossroads is a double-disc, concept album from Lift to Experience, an indie rock trio from Denton, Texas.	The Texas-Jerusalem Crossroads	Lift to Experience
performer	Second Home is Marié Digby's second album and first Japanese studio album, released on March 4, 2009.	Second Home	Marié Digby
performer	``Keep Givin' Me Your Love'' is a 1994 song by the musician CeCe Peniston, originally from her studio album Thought 'Ya Knew.	Keep Givin' Me Your Love	CeCe Peniston
performer	``Why Baby Why'' is the title of a country music song co-written and originally recorded by George Jones.	Why Baby Why	George Jones
performer	Mixtape Messiah 7 is a mixtape by southern rapper Chamillionaire.	Mixtape Messiah 7	Chamillionaire
performer	``Gym and Tonic'' is a single released by British production duo Spacedust.	Gym and Tonic	Spacedust
performer	Take It Back, Take It On, Take It Over! is the 2005 release by the punk rock band 7 Seconds.	Take It Back, Take It On, Take It Over!	7 Seconds
performer	``Don't Turn Out the Lights'' is a song by American recording artists New Kids on the Block and Backstreet Boys from their collaboration compilation album, NKOTBSB.	Don't Turn Out the Lights	New Kids on the Block	Backstreet Boys
performer	``You're a God'' is a song by American rock band Vertical Horizon from the 1999 album Everything You Want.	You're a God	Vertical Horizon
performer	In Mysterious Ways is a 1985 album by John Foxx, the follow-up to his album The Golden Section, released two years previously.	In Mysterious Ways	John Foxx
performer	Step Off is a 2002 album by rock band ESG.	Step Off	ESG
performer	``Crazy on You'' is the debut American single from the rock band Heart.	Crazy on You	Heart
performer	``Sweet Home Alabama'' is a song by Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd that first appeared in 1974 on their second album, Second Helping.	Sweet Home Alabama	Lynyrd Skynyrd
performer	Wasps' Nests is the 1995 debut album by The 6ths.	Wasps' Nests	The 6ths
performer	Eight Ways is the fifth studio album by Madder Mortem, released on June 16, 2009.	Eight Ways	Madder Mortem
performer	Lever mina drömmar was released on April 20, 2005 and is an album by the Swedish pop singer Shirley Clamp.	Lever mina drömmar	Shirley Clamp
performer	Country Croonin' is an RIAA Gold-certified album by Canadian country music artist Anne Murray.	Country Croonin'	Anne Murray
performer	``All Day and All of the Night'' is a song by the British band The Kinks from 1964.	All Day and All of the Night	The Kinks
performer	Freestyle Candela is Artist Leif Totusek's debut album.	Freestyle Candela	Leif Totusek
performer	Jar of Kingdom is the debut album by Australian progressive metal band, Alchemist.	Jar of Kingdom	Alchemist
performer	Sounds of Silence is the second studio album by Simon & Garfunkel, released on January 17, 1966.	Sounds of Silence	Simon & Garfunkel
performer	``Look Me in the Heart'' is a song by recording artist Tina Turner.	Look Me in the Heart	Tina Turner
performer	``Animale'' is a song performed by electronic music DJ and producer Don Diablo featuring Canadian electropop group Dragonette.	Animale	Don Diablo	Dragonette
performer	Hombre Invisible is the 5th studio album recorded by Mexican singer-songwriter Ely Guerra, released by her own label Homey Company.	Hombre Invisible	Ely Guerra
performer	Collateral Defect is the sixth studio album by the Melodic death metal band Graveworm, released in 2007.	Collateral Defect	Graveworm
performer	Star Trails is a 2004 album by Canadian band Spirit of the West.	Star Trails	Spirit of the West
performer	Pretty Ugly is the fourth studio album by the punk rock band Lunachicks.	Pretty Ugly	Lunachicks
performer	A Pauper in Paradise is the fifth studio album by Italian-Canadian singer Gino Vannelli.	A Pauper in Paradise	Gino Vannelli
performer	``I Owe You Nothing'' is a song by British boy band Bros. Written by Nicky Graham and Tom Watkins and produced by Watkins, ``I Owe You Nothing'' was Bros's sole UK number one single, spending two weeks at the top in June 1988.	I Owe You Nothing	Bros
performer	An Overdose of Death... is the third full-length album released by American thrash metal band Toxic Holocaust on September 2, 2008.	An Overdose of Death...	Toxic Holocaust
performer	Monumension is the sixth studio album by Norwegian metal band Enslaved.	Monumension	Enslaved
performer	Always Let Me Go is a live album by American pianist Keith Jarrett's ``Standards Trio'' featuring Gary Peacock and Jack DeJohnette recorded in concert in April 2001 at the Bunkamura Orchard Hall and Tokyo Bunka Kaikan, in Japan and released on the ECM label in 2002.	Always Let Me Go	Keith Jarrett
performer	``Fool No More'' is a song by British pop group S Club 8 released as the first single from their second album Sundown.	Fool No More	S Club 8
performer	Broken Boy Soldiers is the debut album by American rock band The Raconteurs, released on May 15, 2006 in the United Kingdom and May 16, 2006 in the United States.	Broken Boy Soldiers	The Raconteurs
performer	We Shine is Fee's first major label studio album, released on September 25, 2007 through INO Records.	We Shine	Fee
performer	``The Least You Can Do'' is a 2003 single release by English singer Phil Collins from his seventh solo album Testify, released in 2002.	The Least You Can Do	Phil Collins
performer	``Long Haired Country Boy'', is a song written and performed by the Charlie Daniels Band and released on their 1974 album Fire on the Mountain.	Long Haired Country Boy	Charlie Daniels
performer	Kenneth allein zu Haus (German: Kenneth Home Alone) is the debut album by German hip hop artist Kay One.	Kenneth allein zu Haus	Kay One
performer	Mondialement vôtre is a multi-language album released by Dalida in 1982.	Mondialement vôtre	Dalida
performer	``She Moves in Her Own Way'' is a song by British band The Kooks and is featured on their debut album, Inside In/Inside Out.	She Moves in Her Own Way	The Kooks
performer	Virtuoso No. 4 is an album by American jazz guitarist Joe Pass, recorded in 1973 and released in 1983 (see 1983 in music).	Virtuoso No. 4	Joe Pass
performer	Reggae Hit L.A. is the third full-length studio album from Los Angeles reggae band The Aggrolites.	Reggae Hit L.A.	The Aggrolites
performer	Beyond the Thunder is the second solo album by American guitarist Neal Schon released in 1995.	Beyond the Thunder	Neal Schon
performer	All tracks composed by James Chance; except where indicated ``Disco Jaded'' ``Irresistible Impulse'' ``Money to Burn'' ``Sax Machine'' ``Sax Maniac'' ``That Old Black Magic'' (Harold Arlen, Johnny Mercer) ``The Twitch''	Sax Maniac	James Chance
performer	The Future Is Medieval is the fourth studio album released by English rock band Kaiser Chiefs.	The Future Is Medieval	Kaiser Chiefs
performer	Shine Through the Stars is the first full-length studio album from the Christian rock band Chasen, released on April 15, 2008.	Shine Through the Stars	Chasen
performer	Smile×Smile (released on July 24, 2003) is J-pop artist Mayumi Iizuka's seventh album and was produced by Tore Johansson, who is a Swedish musician.	Smile×Smile	Mayumi Iizuka
performer	Dis/Location is the sixth studio album by American post-grunge band Seven Mary Three.	Dis/Location	Seven Mary Three
performer	Wa-Tu-Wa-Zui (Beautiful People) is an album by organist Charles Kynard which was recorded in 1970 and released on the Prestige label.	Wa-Tu-Wa-Zui (Beautiful People)	Charles Kynard
performer	House of Nightmares is a collaboration album by Joseph Vargo of Nox Arcana and Jeff Hartz of Buzz-Works.	House of Nightmares	Nox Arcana
performer	Opasan ples (trans. Dangerous Dance) is the fifth studio album from a Serbian rock band Van Gogh.	Opasan ples	Van Gogh
performer	``Wasting All These Tears'' is a song by American singer-songwriter Cassadee Pope, written by Caitlyn Smith and Rollie Gaalswyk.	Wasting All These Tears	Cassadee Pope
performer	Black Roulette is the second and final studio album by rapper DMG.	Black Roulette	DMG
performer	``My First Night with You'' is a ballad by American recording artist Mýa.	My First Night with You	Mýa
performer	Rusholme Rock is the second album by former Stone Roses guitarist Aziz Ibrahim on Indus Records.	Rusholme Rock	Aziz Ibrahim
performer	Crowded in the Ear (Hebrew: צפוף באוזן, Tzafuf BaOzen) is the third and final studio album by Israeli rock band, Kaveret, released in 1975.	Crowded in the Ear	Kaveret
performer	``Feels Like I'm in Love'' was a number-one hit in the UK Singles Chart for two weeks in September 1980 for Kelly Marie.	Feels Like I'm in Love	Kelly Marie
performer	La Población is a music album recorded by Víctor Jara and released in 1972 and reissued in 2001.	La Población	Víctor Jara
performer	Polnareff's is an album by Michel Polnareff released in 1971 on AZ Disques.	Polnareff's	Michel Polnareff
performer	You Are the Quarry is the seventh studio album by English alternative rock singer Morrissey.	You Are the Quarry	Morrissey
performer	Face of Fact (Resolution Ver.) is the opening theme performed by Kotoko while Undelete is the ending theme which was performed by Mami Kawada.	Face of Fact	Kotoko	Mami Kawada
performer	``Last Beautiful Girl'' is the fifth and final single from Matchbox Twenty's second album, Mad Season (2000).	Last Beautiful Girl	Matchbox Twenty
performer	Whoracle is the third album by Swedish melodic death metal band In Flames.	Whoracle	In Flames
performer	Fully Completely is the third full-length album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip.	Fully Completely	The Tragically Hip
performer	Ferrari Boyz is a collaborative studio album by American rappers Gucci Mane and Waka Flocka Flame.	Ferrari Boyz	Waka Flocka Flame
performer	Hold On Me is a song by British pop artist Marlon Roudette, from his debut solo album Matter Fixed.	Hold On Me	Marlon Roudette
performer	Robo Ghost is the second studio album by Scottish rock and electronic music band Keser.	Robo Ghost	Keser
performer	I Miss My Friend is the second album of country music singer Darryl Worley, it was released on July 16, 2002.	I Miss My Friend	Darryl Worley
performer	Digital Shades Vol. 1 is the fourth studio album by French electronic group M83.	Digital Shades Vol. 1	M83
performer	Mexican Moon is the fifth full-length album from alternative rock band Concrete Blonde.	Mexican Moon	Concrete Blonde
performer	Immigrés is a 1984 album by Senegalese singer and percussionist Youssou N'Dour.	Immigrés	Youssou N'Dour
performer	'Daydreams in Cold Weather' (2002) is an album by DJ John Tejada.	Daydreams in Cold Weather	John Tejada
performer	``Go That Deep'' is a song by NUfrequency featuring Shara Nelson released as a single in 2008 on NRK Sound Division in the UK, Spinnin' Records in the Netherlands and on Rebirth in Italy.	Go That Deep	Shara Nelson
performer	Whistle on the Wind is the first solo album by flute and tin whistle player Joanie Madden.	Whistle on the Wind	Joanie Madden
performer	``Let's Forget About It'' is a song by Lisa Loeb from her 1997 album Firecracker.	Let's Forget About It	Lisa Loeb
performer	Hello, I'm Dolly was Dolly Parton's 1967 debut album.	Hello, I'm Dolly	Dolly Parton
performer	Vile Vicious Vision is the fourth studio album by Polish thrash metal band Acid Drinkers.	Vile Vicious Vision	Acid Drinkers
performer	Swain's First Bike Ride is the debut studio album by the Berkeley, California-based punk rock band Fifteen.	Swain's First Bike Ride	Fifteen
performer	``Spaccacuore'' is a song written by Italian singer-songwriters Samuele Bersani and Lucio Dalla, together with Giuseppe D'Onghia.	Spaccacuore	Samuele Bersani
performer	Supply and Depend is the first full-length release by Warship, the band founded by Fran Mark and Rob Lauritsen, formerly of the now defunct From Autumn to Ashes.	Supply and Depend	Warship
performer	``Seishun Hanamichi'' (青春花道; English: ``Youth runway'') is the thirty-eighth single by the Japanese pop rock band Porno Graffitti.	Seishun Hanamichi	Porno Graffitti
performer	Agehachō (アゲハ蝶) (English: Swallowtail Butterfly) is the sixth single released by the Japanese pop-rock band Porno Graffitti.	Agehachō	Porno Graffitti
performer	The Thumper is the debut album by saxophonist Jimmy Heath featuring performances recorded in 1959 originally released on the Riverside label.	The Thumper	Jimmy Heath
performer	``You Are More'' is a song by the Christian band Tenth Avenue North, released as the second single from their 2010 album The Light Meets the Dark.	You Are More	Tenth Avenue North
performer	``Rowdy Rowdy'' is the second single released by rapper 50 Cent, following the release of ``How to Rob''.	Rowdy Rowdy	50 Cent
performer	Inoxydable is the first studio album by French Canadian singer Marie-Mai, released on 28 September 2004.	Inoxydable	Marie-Mai
performer	``Two You Four You'' is Tackey & Tsubasa's 2nd album to be released under avex trax.	Two You Four You	Tackey & Tsubasa
performer	Amor Chiquito is the fourth album released by Mexican rock band Fobia on December 22, 1995.	Amor Chiquito	Fobia
performer	Under the Sound Umbrella is the second album from The Dude of Life, a childhood friend of Phish leader Trey Anastasio and a lyrical contributor to many of Phish's early songs.	Under the Sound Umbrella	The Dude of Life
performer	Lovely Standards is the fourth studio album by American R&B-soul singer-songwriter Amel Larrieux, released in the United States on May 22, 2007 by Blisslife Records.	Lovely Standards	Amel Larrieux
performer	``How Come'' is a song by the American rap group D12.	How Come	D12
performer	Where the Future Ends is the first studio album of Echocast (third studio album altogether including when they were Redline).	Where the Future Ends	Echocast
performer	Buddies of Swing is an album by fiddle and mandolin player Peter Ostroushko, released in 1987.	Buddies of Swing	Peter Ostroushko
performer	His Last Walk is the debut full-length album by American post-hardcore band Blessthefall, released April 10, 2007.	His Last Walk	Blessthefall
performer	Palirroia is an album released by popular Greek singer, Irini Merkouri.	Palirroia	Irini Merkouri
performer	Paint and Paint is the second album by the British band Haircut One Hundred, released in 1984.	Paint and Paint	Haircut One Hundred
performer	``Typical Situation'' is the a song by American rock group Dave Matthews Band.	Typical Situation	Dave Matthews Band
performer	The Truth Is That You Are Alive is the third full length album by An Angle.	The Truth Is That You Are Alive	An Angle
performer	``Glad All Over'' is a song written by Dave Clark and Mike Smith and recorded by The Dave Clark Five.	Glad All Over	The Dave Clark Five
performer	Dub 56 is the fifth album released by the ska group The Toasters.	Dub 56	The Toasters
performer	Freedom What Freedom is Skrewdriver's eight full length studio album.	Freedom What Freedom	Skrewdriver
performer	Groove Patrol was the eighth and final album by High Inergy.	Groove Patrol	High Inergy
performer	Sonny Meets Hawk! is a 1963 album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins, with Coleman Hawkins appearing as guest artist.	Sonny Meets Hawk!	Sonny Rollins
performer	``Under the Westway'' is a single by English band Blur, released in July 2012.	Under the Westway	Blur
performer	``From tha Chuuuch to da Palace'' is a single that appeared on Snoop Dogg's sixth album Paid tha Cost to Be da Bo$$.	From tha Chuuuch to da Palace	Snoop Dogg
performer	Evolution 4.0 is Finnish power metal band Thunderstone's fourth album.	Evolution 4.0	Thunderstone
performer	Fucked Up Friends is the first studio album by American electronic musician Tobacco.	Fucked Up Friends	Tobacco
performer	Hitori no Yoru (ヒトリノ夜) (English: Lonely night) is the second single by the Japanese pop-rock band Porno Graffitti.	Hitori no Yoru	Porno Graffitti
performer	Dextronaut is the first album by the black metal band Velvet Cacoon, released in 2002 via Peer-to-Peer platforms.	Dextronaut	Velvet Cacoon
performer	Young Giant is the debut full-length album from Queens Club.	Young Giant	Queens Club
performer	A Certain Trigger is the first album by the Newcastle-based independent alternative rock band Maxïmo Park.	A Certain Trigger	Maxïmo Park
performer	Timeless Journey is the fifteenth solo studio release by Patti LaBelle and her first release off Def Soul Classics notable for the hit songs ``New Day'' and ``2 Steps Away''.	Timeless Journey	Patti LaBelle
performer	Tales for Bad Girls is the second album by the Spanish band Forever Slave, released on April 4, 2008.	Tales for Bad Girls	Forever Slave
performer	``Skin (Sarabeth)'' (listed on the album, Feels Like Today, as just ``Skin'') is a song written by Doug Johnson and Joe Henry, and performed by American country music group Rascal Flatts.	Skin (Sarabeth)	Rascal Flatts
performer	Love.Live.Life is the third studio album to be released by British hip hop group N-Dubz, released on 29 November 2010, as a collaboration by All Around the World and Island Records.	Love.Live.Life	N-Dubz
performer	Sackcloth 'n' Ashes is the first full-length studio album by the band 16 Horsepower.	Sackcloth 'n' Ashes	16 Horsepower
performer	Golonka, flaki i inne przysmaki (Polish: Knuckle, tripe and other delicacies) is a studio album by punk rock band Big Cyc, released in 1995.	Golonka, flaki i inne przysmaki	Big Cyc
performer	``Histoires de Luv'' is fourth single by French-Canadian rapper K.Maro, and the first single from his third studio album Million Dollar Boy.	Histoires de Luv	K.Maro
performer	Only with Laughter Can You Win is the second album by American singer-songwriter Rosie Thomas, released on September 23, 2003 by Sub Pop. The album's title is taken from the lyric of Joni Mitchell's ``Roses Blue''.	Only with Laughter Can You Win	Rosie Thomas
performer	Get Wise to Yourself is the third studio album released by blues guitarist Guitar Shorty (David Kearney).	Get Wise to Yourself	Guitar Shorty
performer	``Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast'' is the fifth and final track from the 1970 Pink Floyd album Atom Heart Mother written primarily by Nick Mason but credited to the whole group.	Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast	Pink Floyd
performer	``Fester Kun Med Mig Selv'' is a single by Danish singer Jon Nørgaard, from his third studio album Uden dig. It was released in Denmark as a digital download on 27 June 2011.	Fester Kun Med Mig Selv	Jon Nørgaard
performer	Tame the Volcano is the 1988 final album by the Christian group Crumbächer.	Tame the Volcano	Crumbächer
performer	On Your Mark, Get Set... is the debut album by Gobotron, the solo side project of Manchester Orchestra lead guitarist and backing vocalist Robert ``Robot'' McDowell, released on January 19, 2010, through Favorite Gentlemen Recordings.	On Your Mark, Get Set...	Gobotron
performer	``Baby It's Over'' is a song by the Greek Pop singer Elena Paparizou.	Baby It's Over	Elena Paparizou
performer	L'insulto delle parole is the fourth album released by the Italian singer Susanna Parigi.	L'insulto delle parole	Susanna Parigi
performer	Lightning Flash is the 12th album by British pop group Brotherhood of Man.	Lightning Flash	Brotherhood of Man
performer	Hello Starling is the third album by Josh Ritter, released on September 9, 2003.	Hello Starling	Josh Ritter
performer	``Mister Pleasant'' (usually spelled as Mr. Pleasant) is a song recorded by British rock group The Kinks in 1967, written by Ray Davies.	Mister Pleasant	The Kinks
performer	``Little T&A'' is the fourth song on rock and roll band The Rolling Stones' 1981 album Tattoo You.	Little T&A	The Rolling Stones
performer	``Clampdown'' is a single and a song by The Clash from their album London Calling.	Clampdown	The Clash
performer	Miss Modular is a 1997 EP by the post-rock band Stereolab, which served as the lead single from their fifth full-length studio album Dots and Loops.	Miss Modular	Stereolab
performer	The Lonesome Picker Rides Again is the fourth album by folk musician John Stewart, former member of the Kingston Trio, released in 1971.	The Lonesome Picker Rides Again	John Stewart
performer	``More Stars'' a.k.a. ``Stars on 45 Vol. 2'' was a song issued in 1981 by the Dutch studio group Stars on 45, in the UK credited to 'Starsound'.	More Stars	Stars on 45
performer	``A Pair of Brown Eyes'' is a single by The Pogues, released on 18 March 1985.	A Pair of Brown Eyes	The Pogues
performer	``Forget to Remember'' is the third single and eighth track from Mudvayne's third album Lost and Found.	Forget to Remember	Mudvayne
performer	Tear Yo Club Down is the 1999 album by Memphis underground rapper, Gangsta Pat, in response to Three 6 Mafia comments in The Source magazine a year earlier, calling Pat ``a fake ass rapper with no skills.''	Tear Yo Club Down	Gangsta Pat
performer	Don't Break the Oath is the second studio album by the Danish heavy metal band Mercyful Fate, released in 1984.	Don't Break the Oath	Mercyful Fate
performer	Dinner for One, World for Two (Chinese: 一人晚餐, 二人世界; pinyin: Yi Ren Wancan, Er Ren Shijie) is the debut album by Linda Chung, and was released on 20 August 2008.	Dinner for One, World for Two	Linda Chung
performer	``Freaky Like Me'' is an English language song by the Norwegian urban duo Madcon featuring vocals from Belgian-Tunisian singer Ameerah.	Freaky Like Me	Madcon
performer	Turn Loose the Swans is the second album by the British doom metal band My Dying Bride, released in 1993 and remastered in 2013.	Turn Loose the Swans	My Dying Bride
performer	Listening Booth: 1970 is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Marc Cohn, released in 2010.	Listening Booth: 1970	Marc Cohn
performer	Three Pieces for Blues Band and Symphony Orchestra was recorded in 1972 by the San Francisco Symphony and the Siegel-- Schwall Band, conducted by Seiji Ozawa.	Three Pieces for Blues Band and Symphony Orchestra	Siegel-- Schwall Band
performer	``Soliluna'', is a Duet Studio album by the Latin Jazz Mexican Singers Magos Herrera and Iraida Noriega.	Soliluna	Magos Herrera
performer	``That's What Love Can Do'' is a hit song by American female pop group Boy Krazy.	That's What Love Can Do	Boy Krazy
performer	Three Cheers for Disappointment is the final studio album released by The Arrogant Sons of Bitches.	Three Cheers for Disappointment	The Arrogant Sons of Bitches
performer	Legend of the Bone Carver is the second studio album by the Danish/American progressive power metal band Pyramaze, released by Nightmare Records on February 20, 2006.	Legend of the Bone Carver	Pyramaze
performer	This Brings Us to Volume 1 is an album by Henry Threadgill featuring six of Threadgill's compositions performed by Threadgill's Zooid.	This Brings Us to Volume 1	Henry Threadgill
performer	Screamin' the Blues is an album by American saxophonist Oliver Nelson, originally released in 1961 on New Jazz Records.	Screamin' the Blues	Oliver Nelson
performer	The Frail Tide is the first studio album by Australian melodic death metal band, Be'lakor, released on April 21, 2007.	The Frail Tide	Be'lakor
performer	Hafana (pronounced Hav - ana) is the third studio album by Welsh language artist Elin Fflur released in the United Kingdom on July 7, 2008.	Hafana	Elin Fflur
performer	How Glory Goes is the second album from Audra McDonald, released in 2000.	How Glory Goes	Audra McDonald
performer	Pure Poverty is the second album from Hip Hop group Poor Righteous Teachers.	Pure Poverty	Poor Righteous Teachers
performer	Pavana Triste is a 1997 album by the classical guitarist Leon Koudelak.	Pavana Triste	Leon Koudelak
performer	Conquer Your House is a 1991 single by Excessive Force, a side project of KMFDM and My Life With the Thrill Kill Kult.	Conquer Your House	Excessive Force
performer	Naked II is a live acoustic album by Dutch hard rock band Golden Earring, released in 1997 (see 1997 in music).	Naked II	Golden Earring
performer	I Need Some Money is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1974 and released on the Atlantic label.	I Need Some Money	Eddie Harris
performer	Stronger Than Heaven was the third album by the German heavy metal band Stormwitch, released in 1986.	Stronger Than Heaven	Stormwitch
performer	Still Stuck in Your Throat is a 2006 studio album by Fishbone.	Still Stuck in Your Throat	Fishbone
performer	Yo Bailo/Don't Call me Crazy (ジョバイロ/DON'T CALL ME CRAZY) is the nineteenth single by the Japanese Pop-rock band Porno Graffitti.	Yo Bailo/Don't Call me Crazy	Porno Graffitti
performer	Stage Door Witchdoctors was, until 2008, Chants R&B's only full length album.	Stage Door Witchdoctors	Chants R&B
performer	True Carnage is the fourth album by death metal band Six Feet Under.	True Carnage	Six Feet Under
performer	``Little 15'' is a Depeche Mode single, released on 16 May 1988, and the fourth single from the album Music for the Masses.	Little 15	Depeche Mode
performer	Herbstleyd (Autumn Suffering) is the debut studio album of the black metal band Nargaroth.	Herbstleyd	Nargaroth
performer	``Like Dat'' is the debut single by rapper Stat Quo, released in 2005.	Like Dat	Stat Quo
performer	``(I Just Wanna) B with U'' was a single released by UK band Transvision Vamp in 1991 and was the first to be taken from their final studio album, Little Magnets Versus the Bubble of Babble.	(I Just Wanna) B with U	Transvision Vamp
performer	Sagan om konungens årsinkomst, Swedish for ``The Saga of the King's Annual Income'', is the second full-length album by the Swedish synthpop group Slagsmålsklubben.	Sagan om konungens årsinkomst	Slagsmålsklubben
performer	``Desecration Smile'' is a song from the Red Hot Chili Peppers and was on their 2006 double album, Stadium Arcadium.	Desecration Smile	Red Hot Chili Peppers
performer	My Inspiration is a full-length studio album, released in the Philippines only, by Filipina singer Charice, released on May 1, 2009.	My Inspiration	Charice
performer	``Baby Universal'' is a song by Tin Machine, released as the second single from their Tin Machine II album in October 1991.	Baby Universal	Tin Machine
performer	Gift of Love is the first English album of Norwegian singer Sissel Kyrkjebø.	Gift of Love	Sissel Kyrkjebø
performer	You Can Make Sound is the second studio album by Delorentos released on 9 October 2009.	You Can Make Sound	Delorentos
performer	Nervous System Failure is the third full-length album by the Italian band Infernal Poetry (fifth studio-album), released on 25 June 2009 through Casket Records, sub-label of Copro.	Nervous System Failure	Infernal Poetry
performer	Twisting by the Pool is a 1983 song by Dire Straits which appears on ExtendedancEPlay.	Twisting by the Pool	Dire Straits
performer	Studio Sessions New York 1963 is the fourth volume of The Private Collection a series of recordings made by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington for his personal collection which was first released on the LMR label in 1987 and later on the Saja label.	Studio Sessions New York 1963	Duke Ellington
performer	``At Night I Pray'' is a song by Wild Orchid, released as the first single from their self-titled debut, Wild Orchid.	At Night I Pray	Wild Orchid
performer	Once Like a Spark is the second full length release from Northern Ireland band, Jetplane Landing.	Once Like a Spark	Jetplane Landing
performer	The Original Human Being (or BC#5) is Blue Cheer's fifth album.	The Original Human Being	Blue Cheer
performer	Welcome to the Zoo is the debut studio album by Atlanta-native rapper Gorilla Zoe.	Welcome to the Zoo	Gorilla Zoe
performer	``Ich Bin Ein Auslander'' (German for 'I am a foreigner', correct spelling Ich bin ein Ausländer) is a single by Pop Will Eat Itself released in 1994 from the album Dos Dedos Mis Amigos.	Ich Bin Ein Auslander	Pop Will Eat Itself
performer	To the Teeth is singer-songwriter Ani DiFranco's tenth studio album (excluding EPs and her collaborations with Utah Phillips), released in November 1999.	To the Teeth	Ani DiFranco
performer	A Curious Thing is the second album by Scottish singer-songwriter Amy Macdonald, and was released on 8 March 2010.	A Curious Thing	Amy Macdonald
place of birth	Pálmi Hannesson (born Skagafjarðarsýsla 3 January 1898, died 22 November 1956) was an Icelandic naturalist and rector of the Menntaskólinn í Reykjavík.	Pálmi Hannesson	Skagafjarðarsýsla
place of birth	Ram Vaswani (born c. 1970 in London) is an English professional snooker player, turned professional poker player and the youngest member of The Hendon Mob.	Ram Vaswani	London
place of birth	Marlene van Niekerk was born on 10 November 1954 on the farm Tygerhoek near Caledon in the Western Cape, South Africa.	Marlene van Niekerk	Caledon
place of birth	James Six FRS (1731 -- 25 August 1793) was a British scientist born in Canterbury.	James Six	Canterbury
place of birth	Robert Zakanitch was born in 1935 in Elizabeth, New Jersey and grew up in Rahway.	Robert Zakanitch	Elizabeth
place of birth	Velibor Jonić was born on 12 February 1892 in Krnjevo, Kingdom of Serbia to Krsta and Sofia Jonić (née Veljković).	Velibor Jonić	Krnjevo
place of birth	Guillaume Canet was born in Boulogne-Billancourt on 10 April 1973 to a family of horse breeders.	Guillaume Canet	Boulogne-Billancourt
place of birth	Jayaram Padikkal I.P.S. was born in Peruvemba village Palghat in Kerala as the son of an Indian Army officer and had his education in Pune.	Jayaram Padikkal	Peruvemba
place of birth	Susan Batten (born September 21, 1961, in Clayton, North Carolina) is an American soap opera actress, best known for her role as Luna Moody Holden on One Life to Live, a role she originally played from 1991 to 1995.	Susan Batten	Clayton, North Carolina
place of birth	Saskia Laroo (born July 31, 1959 in Amsterdam), is a Dutch jazz musician who has been dubbed the ``Lady Miles Davis''.	Saskia Laroo	Amsterdam
place of birth	Dragana Tomašević (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгана Томашевић; born June 4, 1982 in Sremska Mitrovica) is a Serbian discus thrower.	Dragana Tomašević	Sremska Mitrovica
place of birth	Tobias Haitz (born 12 February 1992, in Aachen) is a German professional footballer who currently plays as a centre back for FC Viktoria Köln in the German Regionalliga West.	Tobias Haitz	Aachen
place of birth	Barrington Belgrave (born 16 September 1980 in Bedford, England) is an English footballer, currently playing for St Neots Town.	Barrington Belgrave	Bedford
place of birth	Masako Hozumi (Japanese: 穂積 雅子; born 11 September 1986 in Fukushima) is a Japanese speed skater from Hokkaido.	Masako Hozumi	Fukushima
place of birth	Angélica Gorodischer (née Angélica Arcal; Buenos Aires, 28 July 1928) is an Argentine writer known for her collection of short stories, which belong to a wide variety of genres, including science-fiction, fantasy, crime and stories with a feminist perspective.	Angélica Gorodischer	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Sara González Rodríguez, known as Sara Tui is a Spanish football currently playing in the Spanish 1st Division for UD Granadilla Tenerife Sur.	Sara González	Tui
place of birth	Jacek Lech (born Leszek Zerhau; 15 April 1947 in Bielsko-Biała -- 25 March 2007 in Katowice) was a popular Polish singer.	Jacek Lech	Bielsko-Biała
place of birth	Nic Balthazar (born 24 July 1964 in Ghent) is a Belgian film director and a TV/radio personality (presenter, reporter, producer).	Nic Balthazar	Ghent
place of birth	Danielle Guéneau (married name is Ménard)(born 21st of August 1947 at Pornic) is a former French athlete, who specialised in the sprints and hurdles.	Danielle Guéneau	Pornic
place of birth	Brian Cooke (born 1937, in Liverpool, Merseyside, Northern England) is a British comedy writer who, along with co-writer Johnnie Mortimer wrote scripts for and devised many of the top TV sitcoms of the 1970s, including Man About the House, George and Mildred and Robin's Nest.	Brian Cooke	Liverpool
place of birth	Karen Tei Yamashita (Japanese: 山下てい, Born January 8, 1951 in Oakland, California) is a Japanese-American writer.	Karen Tei Yamashita	Oakland
place of birth	Jan Wilkens (born February 4, 1945 in Johannesburg) is a retired South African professional wrestler who is a former South African Heavyweight Champion and six-time EWU World Super Heavyweight Champion.	Jan Wilkens	Johannesburg
place of birth	Johann Nepomuk Ehrlich (February 21, 1810 -- October 23, 1864) was an Austrian theologian and philosopher born in Vienna.	Johann Nepomuk Ehrlich	Vienna
place of birth	Wendel Santana Pereira Santos, most known as ``Wendel Zuero'' (born October 8, 1981 in Itapetinga-BA), is a Brazilian defensive midfielder.	Wendel Santana Pereira Santos	Itapetinga
place of birth	Stjepan Sarkotić was born in Sinac near Otočac on 4 October 1858 as one of four siblings.	Stjepan Sarkotić	Otočac
place of birth	Yahya Berrabah (Arabic: يحيى بالرابح‎, born 13 October 1981 in Oujda) is a Moroccan long jumper.	Yahya Berrabah	Oujda
place of birth	Elena Kuschnerova was born into a musical family in Moscow and trained at the Moscow Central Music School and the Moscow Tchaikovsky Conservatory.	Elena Kuschnerova	Moscow
place of birth	Miraziz Jalalov (born 22 January 1992 in Tashkent) is an Uzbekistani football striker, playing for Uzbek League side Bunyodkor.	Miraziz Jalalov	Tashkent
place of birth	Sunny Joseph, ISC (born October 12, 1957) is an Indian Cinematographer and director from Kerala, most known for his work in Shaji N. Karun classic, Piravi, for which he won the 1988 Kerala State Film Award for Best Photography.	Sunny Joseph	Kerala
place of birth	Stefania Sandrelli (born 5 June 1946 in Viareggio, Province of Lucca) is an Italian actress, famous for her many roles in the commedia all'Italiana, starting from 1960s.	Stefania Sandrelli	Viareggio
place of birth	Juan Luis Cipriani Thorne (born in Lima, 28 December 1943) is a Cardinal Priest and Archbishop of Lima in the Roman Catholic Church.	Juan Luis Cipriani Thorne	Lima
place of birth	Lau Kong (劉江) is a Hong Kong actor who works on the network TVB.	Lau Kong	Hong Kong
place of birth	Billy Edwards (December 21, 1844 in Birmingham, Warwickshire, England -- August 12, 1907) was a standout lightweight of the late 1860s and 1870s in England.	Billy Edwards	Birmingham
place of birth	Paul Deussen was born in 1845 in Oberdreis in the Rhine Province, one of eight children of a clergyman of modest means.	Paul Deussen	Oberdreis
place of birth	Jane Edna Hunter (December 13, 1881 -- January 13, 1971), an African-American social worker, was born near Pendleton, South Carolina.	Jane Edna Hunter	Pendleton
place of birth	Indy Sagu was born and raised in Bradford, UK and began his professional musical career in his hometown in 1996.	Indy Sagu	Bradford
place of birth	Bernard Holley (born 9 August 1940 in Eastcote, Middlesex) is a British actor whose career has spanned more than 40 years.	Bernard Holley	Eastcote
place of birth	Sue Miller (born November 29, 1943, Chicago, Illinois) is an American novelist and short story writer who has written a number of best-selling novels.	Sue Miller	Chicago
place of birth	Zhu Jianrong (Simplified Chinese: 朱建荣) (born 12 July 1991 in Qingdao) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Qingdao Jonoon in the China League One.	Zhu Jianrong	Qingdao
place of birth	As Robert Todd Duncan, he was born 12 February 1903 in Danville, Kentucky to John and Lettie (Cooper) Duncan.	Todd Duncan	Danville
place of birth	Dario Antiseri (born 1940 in Foligno) is a Philosophy professor.	Dario Antiseri	Foligno
place of birth	Émile Burnat (21 October 1828 in Vevey, Vaud -- 31 August 1920) was a Swiss botanist.	Émile Burnat	Vevey
place of birth	Michele Di Piedi (born 21 December 1980 in Palermo), is an Italian professional footballer, most famous for playing for Sheffield Wednesday.	Michele Di Piedi	Palermo
place of birth	Ji Mingyi (simplified Chinese: 季铭义; traditional Chinese: 季銘義; pinyin: Jì Míngyì; born December 15, 1980 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a former Chinese international footballer who spent the majority of his career with Dalian Shide where he won four league titles and two Chinese FA Cups.	Ji Mingyi	Dalian
place of birth	Nora Gubisch (born Paris, 1971) is a French operatic mezzosoprano.	Nora Gubisch	Paris
place of birth	Davydas Arlauskis (born 18 November 1986 in Telšiai, USSR) is a Lithuanian footballer, who is currently playing for MRU-TiuMenas in Lithuanian I Lyga.	Davydas Arlauskis	Telšiai
place of birth	Ieuan Wyn Jones was born in Denbigh, Wales, and is a Welsh speaker.	Ieuan Wyn Jones	Denbigh
place of birth	Dick Rienstra (Assen, 1941) is a Dutch singer and actor.	Dick Rienstra	Assen
place of birth	Leon Jessel was born in the eastern German city of Stettin (now Szczecin, Poland), in 1871, the son of Jewish merchant Samuel Jessel and his American wife Mary.	Leon Jessel	Szczecin
place of birth	Irina Zahharenkova (born 23 February 1976 in Kaliningrad) is an Estonian pianist and harpsichordist trained at the Estonian Academy of Music and the Sibelius Academy.	Irina Zahharenkova	Kaliningrad
place of birth	Paul Mayeda Berges (born September 11, 1968 in Torrance, California) is an American screenwriter and director.	Paul Mayeda Berges	Torrance
place of birth	Ralph Rodgerson (born 1893 in Sunderland) was a professional footballer who played for, amongst others, Huddersfield Town and Leeds United.	Ralph Rodgerson	Sunderland
place of birth	Lorenzo Bini Smaghi (born 29 November 1956 in Florence) is an Italian economist who is currently Chairman of Snam, an Italian listed company.	Lorenzo Bini Smaghi	Florence
place of birth	Claudio Cavalieri (born August 4, 1954 in Rome, died June 9, 1977) was an Italian professional football player.	Claudio Cavalieri	Rome
place of birth	Hafiz Mazhar Husain (1857--1912) was Chief Justice at Bhopal state during the period of Nawab Sultan Jahan Begum.	Hafiz Mazhar Husain	Bhopal
place of birth	Clara Williams was born in Seattle, Washington, and made her screen debut in Western Chivalry in 1910.	Clara Williams	Seattle
place of birth	Mohamed Hansal (Arabic: محمد حنصال‎) (born November 6, 1947 in Oran) is a retired Algerian football referee.	Mohamed Hansal	Oran
place of birth	Manfred Nowak (born 26 June 1950 in Bad Aussee) is an Austrian human rights lawyer.	Manfred Nowak	Bad Aussee
place of birth	Sy Bartlett was born on July 10, 1900 in the Black Sea seaport of Mykolaiv in southern Ukraine.	Sy Bartlett	Mykolaiv
place of birth	Born in Nova Venécia, Espírito Santo, Jussiê began his career at Cruzeiro in 2001.	Jussiê	Nova Venécia, Espírito Santo
place of birth	Jose Antonio García Prieto (born 16 October 1964 in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a retired Salvadoran football player and current coach pf Titán.	Antonio García Prieto	San Salvador
place of birth	Craig Safan (born December 17, 1948 in Los Angeles, California) is a Hollywood film composer whose biggest scores include The Last Starfighter, Mr. Wrong, Stand and Deliver, Fade to Black, Major Payne, Remo Williams:	Craig Safan	Los Angeles
place of birth	Shaun Palmer (``Napalm'') was born in South Lake Tahoe on November 14, 1968.	Shaun Palmer	South Lake Tahoe
place of birth	Louie Rolko (born September 7, 1984 in Hudson, Ohio) is a former American soccer player, currently serving as senior assistant to Reid Ayers in the Baldwin Wallace University soccer program.	Louie Rolko	Hudson, Ohio
place of birth	Nikola Kljusev was born in Štip, then part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes and today in the Republic of Macedonia, on October 2, 1927.	Nikola Kljusev	Štip
place of birth	Edvan França de Moraes, the Edvan born in the São Paulo, is a Right back who plays in the Santo André.	Edvan França de Moraes	São Paulo
place of birth	Sophie Malbranque (born December 24 1959 at Arras) is a former French athlete, who specialised in the 400 meters.	Sophie Malbranque	Arras
place of birth	Gyaincain Norbu was born on 13 February 1990 in Lhari County in northern Tibet Autonomous Region.	Gyaincain Norbu	Lhari County
place of birth	Peter Eccles (born 24 August 1962 in Dublin) is an Irish former professional soccer player.	Peter Eccles	Dublin
place of birth	Arthur Chambers (born 6 December 1846 in Salford, Lancashire, England -- 8 April 1923 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was an Anglo-American boxer.	Arthur Chambers	Salford
place of birth	Hsin Wen-bing (1 February 1912 -- 20 March 1999) was a Taiwanese politician who served as mayor of Tainan from 1960 to 1964.	Hsin Wen-bing	Tainan
place of birth	Luigi Zoia (born 21 January 1948 in Milan) is a karateka, 6th Dan karate master, and Italian entrepreneur.	Luigi Zoia	Milan
place of birth	Olav Larssen was born in Furnes as a son of baker Kristian Larssen and Lovise Wahlum (1873--1923).	Olav Larssen	Furnes
place of birth	Michael Kandel (born December 24, 1941 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American translator and author of science fiction.	Michael Kandel	Baltimore
place of birth	Friedrich Eduard Bilz (June 12, 1842 -- January 30, 1922) was a German naturopath who was a native of Arnsdorf in the Kingdom of Saxony.	Friedrich Eduard Bilz	Arnsdorf
place of birth	Neil Shawcross MBE (born 15 March 1940) is an artist born in Kearsley, Lancashire, England, and resident in Northern Ireland since 1962.	Neil Shawcross	Kearsley
place of birth	Arthur Gordon Webster was born on 28 November 1863 at Brookline, Massachusetts to William Edward Webster and Mary Shannon Davis.	Arthur Gordon Webster	Brookline
place of birth	Samuel Stritch was born in Nashville, Tennessee, to Garret (1841--1896) and Katherine (née O'Malley) Stritch.	Samuel Stritch	Nashville
place of birth	Henry Stanton Burton (1819--1869) was a graduate of West Point, a career American Army officer who served in the Second Seminole War, Mexican--	Henry Stanton Burton	West Point
place of birth	Tayfur Havutçu (born 23 April 1970 in Hanau, Hesse) is a former Turkish international footballer and manager.	Tayfur Havutçu	Hanau
place of birth	John Norton-Griffiths was born John Griffiths in Somerset on 13 July 1871, the son of John Griffiths, a clerk of works at St Audries Manor Estate, West Quantoxhead.	John Norton-Griffiths	Somerset
place of birth	Alison Van Pelt (born September 16, 1963, Los Angeles) is an American painter.	Alison Van Pelt	Los Angeles
place of birth	Franz Lackner was born in Feldbach in the district of Styria.	Franz Lackner	Feldbach
place of birth	Born in Vårdö, Åland, Sally Salminen was the eighth child of twelve.	Sally Salminen	Vårdö
place of birth	Jesse Macy, the thirteenth of fourteen children, was born to Quaker parents in Indiana, but the family moved to central Iowa in 1856 and started farming outside Lynnville, near the newly founded town of Grinnell.	Jesse Macy	Indiana
place of birth	Stephanie Hightower (born July 19, 1958 in Louisville, Kentucky) is the president of USA Track & Field (USATF).	Stephanie Hightower	Louisville
place of birth	James Harold ``Harry'' Chatton (born 23 April 1899 in Enniskillen, County Fermanagh, Ireland), commonly referred to as Harry Chatton, was an Irish footballer who played for several clubs in the Scottish League, the American Soccer League and the League of Ireland.	Harry Chatton	Enniskillen
place of birth	Kang Dae-ha was born in Seogwipo, Jeju Island, Korea in 1942, and majored in creative writing at Seorabeol Arts University.	Kang Dae-ha	Seogwipo
place of birth	Brian Surewood (real name Brian Gilbert Barnes, born June 1, 1963 in California, United States) is a former pornographic actor.	Brian Surewood	California
place of birth	Tommy Grupe (born 29 March 1992, in Rostock) is a German footballer who plays for Hansa Rostock in the 3.	Tommy Grupe	Rostock
place of birth	Georg Friedrich Strass (French: Georges Frédéric Strass; 29 May 1701, Wolfisheim near Strasbourg - 22 December 1773) was an Alsatian jeweler and inventor of imitation gemstones.	Georg Friedrich Strass	Strasbourg
place of birth	Franz Xaver Wolfgang Mozart was born in Vienna, five months before his father's death.	Franz Xaver Wolfgang Mozart	Vienna
place of birth	Isaac Myers (January 13, 1835 -- 1891) was a pioneering African American trade unionist, a co-operative organizer and a caulker from Baltimore, Maryland.	Isaac Myers	Baltimore
place of birth	Michael Dell was born in 1965 in Houston, to a Jewish family whose surname reflects the translation into English of the original German/Yiddish Thal (``valley'' or ``dale (q.v.)''; modern common-noun spelling Tal) upon the family's immigration to the United States.	Michael Dell	Houston
place of birth	Henry Flynt (born 1940 in Greensboro, North Carolina) is a philosopher, avant-garde musician, anti-art activist and exhibited artist often associated with Conceptual Art, Fluxus and Nihilism.	Henry Flynt	Greensboro
place of birth	Florent Groberg was born in Poissy, France, near Paris, on May 8, 1983.	Florent Groberg	Poissy
place of birth	Cut Tari Aminah Anasya was born on November 1, 1977, in Jakarta.	Cut Tari	Jakarta
place of birth	Abdelwahab Doukkali (born 1 January 1941 in Fes, one of 13 children to a conservative family) is a Moroccan composer and performer.	Abdelwahab Doukkali	Fes
place of birth	Miladin Bečanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Миладин Бечановић, born 18 April 1973 in Nikšić) is a former Montenegrin football striker.	Miladin Bečanović	Nikšić
place of birth	Lisa Sheridan (born December 5, 1974 in Macon, Georgia) is an American actress and Photographer.	Lisa Sheridan	Macon
place of birth	Marko Bencun (born 9 November 1992 in Metković) is a Bosnian Croat from Međugorje.	Marko Bencun	Metković
place of birth	Ramakanta Panda was born at Damodarpur village of Jajpur district.	Ramakanta Panda	Jajpur district
place of birth	Thomas Mashaba (born Khutsong, NWP, South Africa) is a professional boxer in the featherweight division holding the lightly regarded IBO title.	Thomas Mashaba	Khutsong
place of birth	Reed Alexander is an American actor and healthy-living advocate from Boca Raton, Florida.	Reed Alexander	Florida
place of birth	Dane Reynolds (born September 7, 1985 in Long Beach, California) is a professional surfer from Ventura, California.	Dane Reynolds	Long Beach
place of birth	Jean-Pierre Timbaud (Payzac, Dordogne, September 20, 1904 - Chateaubriant, October 22, 1941) was the secretary of the steelworkers'' trade union section of the Confédération Générale du Travail (CGT).	Jean-Pierre Timbaud	Payzac
place of birth	Javier Hernán García (born January 29, 1987, in Buenos Aires), is an Argentine football Goalkeeper who plays for Tigre in the Argentine Primera División.	Javier Hernán García	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Barry Stroud (born 1935, Toronto) is a Canadian philosopher known for his work on philosophical skepticism, David Hume, and Ludwig Wittgenstein, among other topics.	Barry Stroud	Toronto
place of birth	Tayfun Pektürk (born 13 May 1988 in Wermelskirchen) is a German-Turkish footballer playing for Karşıyaka.	Tayfun Pektürk	Wermelskirchen
place of birth	Klaas Heufer-Umlauf (born September 22, 1983 in Oldenburg) is a German television host, actor and singer.	Klaas Heufer-Umlauf	Oldenburg
place of birth	Christian Monacizzo (born April 5, 1991 in La Spezia) is an Italian professional football player who plays in the Lega Pro Prima Divisione for S.S. Tritium 1908, on loan from Atalanta.	Christian Monacizzo	La Spezia
place of birth	Mirah (born Mirah Yom Tov Zeitlyn, September 17, 1974, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania), is an American musician and songwriter based in Brooklyn, New York.	Mirah	Philadelphia
place of birth	Jędker (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjɛntker)), real name Andrzej Wawrynkiewicz (Polish pronunciation: (ˈandʑɛj vavrɨnˈkʲiɛvit͡ʂ)), is a rapper from Warsaw, Poland.	Jędker	Warsaw
place of birth	She was born as Juana Sujovolsky to an Argentine Jewish family in Buenos Aires and spent some of childhood in Brazil and Germany.	Juana Sujo	Buenos Aires
place of birth	After studying Letters and Philosophy at Sapienza University in Rome, in 1996 Luca Ragazzi became a journalist and a film critic.	Luca Ragazzi	Rome
place of birth	Robyn Nevin was born 25 September 1942, in Melbourne, to William George Nevin and Josephine Pauline Casey.	Robyn Nevin	Melbourne
place of birth	Egil Svartdahl (born 16 August 1954 in Sarpsborg) is a famous Norwegian TV-pastor.	Egil Svartdahl	Sarpsborg
place of birth	James L. Nederlander (born January 23, 1960) of the Nederlander family of Detroit, Michigan, is also known (somewhat incorrectly) as James Nederlander, Jr., and is a veteran on Broadway as a theatre owner, operator, producer and presenter.	James L. Nederlander	Detroit
place of birth	Eduard Imhof was born in Schiers, a town in eastern Switzerland.	Eduard Imhof	Schiers
place of birth	Sam Shaber is an American singer/songwriter from New York City.	Sam Shaber	New York City
place of birth	Michael Angelo Batio (; born February 23, 1956) also known as Mike Batio or MAB, is an American heavy metal guitarist and columnist from Chicago, Illinois.	Michael Angelo Batio	Chicago
place of birth	Tihomir Živković (Burmese: Tihomir Zivkovic; born 28 December 1985) is a footballer from Croatia.	Tihomir Živković	Croatia
place of birth	Isis van der Wel (born 29 April 1975 in Amsterdam), better known by her stage name DJ Isis and previously as 100% Isis, is a Dutch DJ.	DJ Isis	Amsterdam
place of birth	Gérard Bruchési (born March 30, 1931 in Montreal, Quebec) is a former Canadian politician and insurance broker.	Gérard Bruchési	Montreal
place of birth	Ronald Gërçaliu (German: Ronald Gercaliu, born 12 February 1986) is an Albanian-born Austrian footballer who plays for Tirana.	Ronald Gërçaliu	Tirana
place of birth	Jean-Philippe Toussaint (29 November 1957, Brussels) is a Belgian prose writer, photographer and filmmaker.	Jean-Philippe Toussaint	Brussels
place of birth	Jean-Yves Ollivier (born 8 October 1944 in Algiers, Algeria) is a French businessman who works primarily in the commodities sector in emerging markets.	Jean-Yves Ollivier	Algiers
place of birth	Jo Wheeler (born 1963, Manchester) is an English weather forecaster who currently works for Sky News.	Jo Wheeler	Manchester
place of birth	Ashfaq Hussain was born in a lower middle class family in Karachi, Pakistan on 1 January 1951.	Ashfaq Hussain	Karachi
place of birth	Giacinto Campana ( born c. 1600, Bologna) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Giacinto Campana	Bologna
place of birth	Jeanne Bal (May 3, 1928, Santa Monica, California -- April 30, 1996, Sherman Oaks, California) was an American actress who worked primarily in 1960s television.	Jeanne Bal	Santa Monica
place of birth	Michal Petrouš (born 6 December 1969) is a Czech former football player who now works as a caretaker manager for Slavia Prague.	Michal Petrouš	Prague
place of birth	Tonny Mols (born 8 January 1969 in Eeklo) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays midfield for K.S.K. Maldegem.	Tonny Mols	Eeklo
place of birth	Mbongeni Ngema (born 1 June 1956) is a South African writer, lyricist, composer, director and theatre producer, born in Verulam, KwaZulu-Natal (near Durban).	Mbongeni Ngema	Verulam
place of birth	Argo Meresaar (born 13 January 1980 in Pärnu) is a retired Estonian volleyball player who is currently the assistant coach of Bigbank Tartu.	Argo Meresaar	Pärnu
place of birth	Romy Tarangul (born 19 October 1987 in Frankfurt (Oder)) is a German judoka.	Romy Tarangul	Frankfurt (Oder
place of birth	Randolph Caldecott (/ˈkɔːldəˌkɑːt/; 22 March 1846 -- 12 February 1886) was an English artist and illustrator, born in Chester.	Randolph Caldecott	Chester
place of birth	Rejnaldo Troplini (born 9 November 1994 in Durrës) is an Albanian football player who currently plays for KF Erzeni in the Albanian Second Division.	Rejnaldo Troplini	Durrës
place of birth	Jason Sherman (born July 28, 1962 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian playwright and screenwriter.	Jason Sherman	Montreal
place of birth	Pedro Neschling (born June 28, 1982 Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian actor, director and writer.	Pedro Neschling	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Amir Aghaei (Persian: امیر آقایی‎, was born 1970 in Urmia) is an Iranian actor.	Amir Aghaei	Urmia
place of birth	Pieter Sjoerds Gerbrandy was born in the village of Goënga near Sneek, in the province of Friesland, in the Netherlands.	Pieter Sjoerds Gerbrandy	Goënga
place of birth	Gerhold K. Becker grew up in Bad Salzschlirf, Hesse, the eldest son of the violinist Josef Becker and his wife Agnes née Goldbach.	Gerhold K. Becker	Bad Salzschlirf
place of birth	Elena Gerhardt was born at Connewitz near Leipzig, the daughter of a Leipzig restaurateur.	Elena Gerhardt	Connewitz
place of birth	Eugene Jarvis was born in Palo Alto, California in 1955 and grew up in Menlo Park.	Eugene Jarvis	Palo Alto
place of birth	Gustav Weder (born 2 August 1961 in Diepoldsau) is a Swiss bobsledder who competed from the late 1980s to the early 1990s.	Gustav Weder	Diepoldsau
place of birth	Karel Zelenka (born March 31, 1983 in Louny, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech-Italian figure skater.	Karel Zelenka	Louny
place of birth	John James Bagshaw (25 December 1885 -- 25 August 1966) was an English football player who spent the majority of his career with Derby County.	James Bagshaw	Derby
place of birth	Valie Export (often written as 'VALIE EXPORT') (born May 17, 1940 in Linz as Waltraud Lehner, later Waltraud Höllinger) is an Austrian artist.	Valie Export	Linz
place of birth	Charles Constantin Pecqueur was born into a wealthy upper-middle-class family in the Department du Nord; his town of birth is variously given as Arleux or Douai.	Constantin Pecqueur	Arleux
place of birth	Diana Sorbello (born June 27, 1979 in Bocholt, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German schlager singer.	Diana Sorbello	Bocholt
place of birth	Jakob Prandtauer (baptized in Stanz bei Landeck (Tyrol) on 16 July 1660; died in Sankt Pölten on 16 September 1726) was an Austrian Baroque architect.	Jakob Prandtauer	Stanz bei Landeck
place of birth	Philipp Wende (born 4 July 1985 in Wurzen) is a German rower.	Philipp Wende	Wurzen
place of birth	Jean-Claude Panet, (b. December? 1719 -- d. February 28, 1778) was from Paris, France and came to Canada at 20 years of age as a soldier in the colonial regular troops.	Jean-Claude Panet	Paris
place of birth	Georg Loeschcke (28 June 1852 -- 26 November 1915) was a German archaeologist born in Penig, Saxony.	Georg Loeschcke	Penig
place of birth	Hans-Werner Gessmann (born 24 March 1950 in Duisburg) is a German psychologist, founder of humanistic psychodrama and university teacher in Russia.	Hans-Werner Gessmann	Duisburg
place of birth	Priya Rajvansh was born as Vera Sunder Singh in Shimla in a Sikh family.	Priya Rajvansh	Shimla
place of birth	Murray Head was born in London to Seafield Laurence Stewart Murray Head (1919 -- 22 March 2009), a documentary filmmaker and a founder of Verity Films, and Helen Shingler, an actress.	Murray Head	London
place of birth	Sakari Saarinen (born 18 July 1978 in Tampere) is a Finnish footballer, who represents NoPS of Finnish fourth division Kolmonen.	Sakari Saarinen	Tampere
place of birth	Tim Mitchell is a Grammy winning music record producer, songwriter, and guitarist from Detroit, Michigan.	Tim Mitchell	Detroit
place of birth	Tsang Chi Hau (Chinese: 曾至孝; Jyutping: zang1 zi3 haau3 ; born 12 January 1990 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Kitchee.	Tsang Chi Hau	Hong Kong
place of birth	Edit Kovács (born 9 June 1954, Veszprém) is a Hungarian fencer, who won three Olympic medals in the foil team competitions.	Edit Kovács	Veszprém
place of birth	Matthias Blazek was born in Celle and spent his youth in Hanover, where he completed his Abitur at the Lutherschule Hannover in 1987.	Matthias Blazek	Celle
place of birth	Zev Braun (born October 19, 1928 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American motion picture producer.	Zev Braun	Chicago
place of birth	Brooke Skye (born Hope Danielle Miller, September 5, 1986 in Plant City, Florida) is a model, and former American pornographic actress who currently lives in San Diego, California.	Brooke Skye	Plant City
place of birth	Catriona Rowntree studied journalism at Macleay College in Sydney, after working as a researcher with Business Review Weekly, 2GB and Prime Television.	Catriona Rowntree	Sydney
place of birth	Born in Ilha das Flores, Sergipe, Geuvânio appeared the most of his youth career with Santos' youth system, but also appeared with some lower clubs in the process.	Geuvânio	Ilha das Flores
place of birth	Costantino Barbella (Chieti, January 31, 1853 -- December 5, 1925) was an Italian sculptor, known as il Michetti della scultura.	Costantino Barbella	Chieti
place of birth	Lino Baldassarre Giovanni Battista Mosca Cirvella, known as Lino Mosca (born August 27, 1907 in Campiglia Cervo; died February 15, 1992) was an Italian professional football player.	Lino Mosca	Campiglia Cervo
place of birth	Sopho Khalvashi (Georgian: სოფო ხალვაში (sɔpʰɔ xalvaʃi); born 31 May 1986 in Batumi, Adjara), also sometimes known as simply Sopho, is a Georgian musician of Laz heritage.	Sopho Khalvashi	Batumi
place of birth	Joanne Linville (born January 15, 1928 in Bakersfield, California) is a retired American film and television actress.	Joanne Linville	Bakersfield
place of birth	Nelly O'Brien was born Ellen Lucy O'Brien on 4 June 1864, at Cahirmoyle, County Limerick.	Nelly O'Brien	County Limerick
place of birth	Marius George Țucudean (born 30 April 1991 in Arad) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a striker for ASA Târgu Mureș, on loan from English club Charlton Athletic.	George Țucudean	Arad
place of birth	Sarah Schleper (born February 19, 1979 in Glenwood Springs, Colorado) is an American-Mexican alpine skier whose career started in 1995.	Sarah Schleper	Glenwood Springs
place of birth	Marlon LeBlanc (born in East Windsor Township, New Jersey) is an American soccer coach.	Marlon LeBlanc	East Windsor Township, New Jersey
place of birth	Carlo Chatrian graduated in Literature and Philosophy from Turin University in 1994.	Carlo Chatrian	Turin
place of birth	Januarius Zick was born in Munich and began to learn his trade from his father, Johannes Zick, a renowned painter himself, to whom he was apprenticed in order to learn how to paint frescoes.	Januarius Zick	Munich
place of birth	Matthias Steinmetz(born 8 March 1966 in Saarbrücken) is a German astronomer and astrophysicist.	Matthias Steinmetz	Saarbrücken
place of birth	Ciro De Cesare (Salerno, 16 December 1971) is an Italian footballer.	Ciro De Cesare	Salerno
place of birth	Giampaolo di Cocco (born September 6, 1947 in Florence) is an Italian artist, architect and writer.	Giampaolo di Cocco	Florence
place of birth	Damian Bellón (born 28 August 1989 in St. Gallen) is a Swiss footballer, who is currently plays with Saraburi in Thai Premier League.	Damian Bellón	St. Gallen
place of birth	Coleridge was born Ethel Coleridge Tucker in South Molton, Devonshire, and educated at Bristol University.	Ethel Coleridge	South Molton
place of birth	Inela Nogić (born 1976 in Sarajevo) became world-famous during the Siege of Sarajevo when she won the 1993 Miss Besieged Sarajevo beauty pageant, which was held in a basement in an effort to avoid the barrage of sniper attacks from Serb militias.	Inela Nogić	Sarajevo
place of birth	Wacław Martyniuk (pronounced (ˈvat͡swaf marˈtɨɲuk); born November 10, 1949 in Bytom) is a Polish politician.	Wacław Martyniuk	Bytom
place of birth	Harry Kesten (19 November 1931, Germany) is an American mathematician best known for his work in probability, most notably on random walks and percolation theory.	Harry Kesten	Germany
place of birth	Thomas Ammer (born Eisenberg 19 July 1937) is a German historian who as a young man studied to become a physician.	Thomas Ammer	Eisenberg
place of birth	Alfred Dührssen (March 23, 1862 - October 11, 1933) was a German gynecologist and obstetrician born in Heide, Schleswig-Holstein.	Alfred Dührssen	Heide
place of birth	Niki Leferink (born February 12, 1976 in Haaksbergen, Overijssel) is a Dutch former football striker, who ended his professional career in 2008.	Niki Leferink	Haaksbergen
place of birth	Gergely Bobál (born 31 August 1995 in Salgótarján) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for VfL Wolfsburg II. He was also part of the Hungarian U-19 at the 2014 UEFA European Under-19 Championship.	Gergely Bobál	Salgótarján
place of birth	Mark McGeown (born 10 May 1970 in Paisley, Scotland) is a former Scottish footballer, who last played for Queen's Park in the Scottish Football League Third Division.	Mark McGeown	Paisley
place of birth	Christophe Kern (born 18 January 1981 in Wissembourg, Bas-Rhin) is a French road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam Team Europcar.	Christophe Kern	Wissembourg
place of birth	David Zeman (born in Czechoslovakia in 1942) is a former Association football defender.	David Zeman	Czechoslovakia
place of birth	Alan Bissett (born 17 November 1975) is an author and playwright from Hallglen, an area of Falkirk in Scotland.	Alan Bissett	Falkirk
place of birth	Stefan Vladar (born in Vienna, 1965) is an Austrian pianist and conductor.	Stefan Vladar	Vienna
place of birth	Woldemar Kernig, better known as Vladimir Mikhailovich Kernig (Latvian: Voldemārs Kernigs; Russian: Владимир Михайлович Керниг; June 28, 1840 in Liepāja -- April 18, 1917 in St. Petersburg) was a notable Russian and Baltic German internist and neurologist whose medical discoveries saved thousands of people with meningitis.	Woldemar Kernig	Liepāja
place of birth	Winston Holness, better known as Niney the Observer (born George Boswell, 1951, Montego Bay), is a Jamaican record producer and singer who was a key figure in the creation of many classic reggae recordings dating from the 1970s and early 1980s.	Niney the Observer	Montego Bay
place of birth	Marshall Howard Saville (1867--1935) was an American archaeologist, born in Rockport, Massachusetts.	Marshall Howard Saville	Rockport
place of birth	Karin Kadenbach was born in 1958 in Vienna, where she also went to school.	Karin Kadenbach	Vienna
place of birth	Fabien Vehlmann, born in 1972 in Mont-de-Marsan, grew up in the Landes and the Savoie.	Fabien Vehlmann	Mont-de-Marsan
place of birth	Luigi Galleani was born in the city of Vercelli, Italy, to a family of modest means.	Luigi Galleani	Vercelli
place of birth	Josef von Sternberg was born Jonas Sternberg in 1894 to a Jewish family in Vienna.	Josef von Sternberg	Vienna
place of birth	Reginald Ballard (born October 13, 1965) is an American character actor and comedian from Galveston, Texas, who is probably best known as ``Bruh-man from the fifth flo''' (he would often hold up four fingers when saying this) in the Fox sitcom Martin.	Reginald Ballard	Galveston
place of birth	Jochen Lettmann (born 10 April 1969 in Duisburg) is a German slalom canoeist who competed in the 1990s.	Jochen Lettmann	Duisburg
place of birth	Marcelo Samuel Berman (born Buenos Aires, Argentina, 10 April 1945) is an Argentine/Brazilian (double citizenship) theoretical physicist, specializing in relativistic cosmology, and a journalist.	Marcelo Samuel Berman	Argentina
place of birth	Claude Strebelle, was an architect and Belgian town planner, graduate of Royal Academy of fine arts of Brussels in 1941.	Claude Strebelle	Brussels
place of birth	Džoni Novak (born 4 September 1969 in Ljubljana) is a former Slovenian footballer who represented his country at Euro 2000 and the 2002 World Cup.	Džoni Novak	Ljubljana
place of birth	Gu Cao (Chinese: 顾操; born 31 May 1988 in Shanghai) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Henan Jianye in the Chinese Super League.	Gu Cao	Shanghai
place of birth	Eliane Brum (Ijuí, March 1966) is a Brazilian journalist, writer and documentarist.	Eliane Brum	Ijuí
place of birth	Wolfgang Niedecken (born 30 March 1951, Cologne) is a German singer, musician, and visual artist.	Wolfgang Niedecken	Cologne
place of birth	Luca Scassa (born 23 August 1983 in Arezzo) is an Italian motorcycle racer who has competed in the Superbike World Championship, the MotoGP World Championship, the Supersport World Championship, the AMA Superbike Championship and the British Superbike Championship.	Luca Scassa	Arezzo
place of birth	Born to John Bowman, Jr. and Mary Mechum in Mercer County, Kentucky, John Bryan Bowman was a member of the Disciples of Christ and attended Bacon College; his father being an incorporator and trustee.	John Bryan Bowman	Mercer County
place of birth	Yelena Shchapova (Russian: Елена Щапова, born June 22, 1950, Moscow, USSR) is Russian model, writer and poet.	Yelena Shchapova	Moscow
place of birth	Ömer Seyfettin was born in Kahta, a town in Balıkesir Province, to a Circassian family in 1884.	Ömer Seyfettin	Balıkesir Province
place of birth	Ernst Leopold Salkowski (October 11, 1844 -- March 8, 1923) was a German biochemist who was a native of Königsberg.	Ernst Leopold Salkowski	Königsberg
place of birth	Iva Prandzheva (Bulgarian: Ива Пранджева, born February 15, 1972 in Plovdiv) is a former Bulgarian athlete who was successful in both long jump and triple jump.	Iva Prandzheva	Plovdiv
place of birth	Nick McAnulty is a Canadian film maker who was born in Guelph, Ontario.	Nick McAnulty	Guelph
place of birth	After his football career Sondre Jensen has worked as a postman for Posten Norge, the Norwegian postal service, in Loddefjord in Bergen.	Sondre Jensen	Bergen
place of birth	Bill Tancred was born in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, and grew up in Felixstowe.	Bill Tancred	Quetta
place of birth	Jeffrey Luck Lucas (born Donald Jeffrey Lucas 23 September 1962, in Gary, Indiana) is an American musician.	Jeffrey Luck Lucas	Gary
place of birth	Todd Frazier was born in Point Pleasant, New Jersey, as the youngest of three boys and of partial Scottish ancestry from his father's side.	Todd Frazier	Point Pleasant
place of birth	Friedrich August Körnicke (29 January 1828 -- 16 January 1908) was a German agronomist and botanist born in Pratau (now a part of Wittenberg, Saxony-Anhalt).	Friedrich August Körnicke	Pratau
place of birth	Marcos Martins dos Anjos, better known as Marcos (Souto Soares, July 24, 1989), is a Brazilian footballer who acts as right back.	Marcos Martins dos Anjos	Souto Soares
place of birth	Alexandre de Moraes Gomes or simply, Alex Moraes, (born March 25, 1988 in Barão de Cocais, Minas Gerais), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a center back for Esporte Clube São José.	Alex Moraes	Barão de Cocais
place of birth	Dominique Caillat (born in Washington D.C.) is a Swiss playwright and writer.	Dominique Caillat	Washington D.C.
place of birth	Madhu Shalini was born in Hyderabad, Telangana, her father Hameed is a businessman and her mother Raj Kumari an advocate and a classical dancer.	Madhu Shalini	Hyderabad
place of birth	Abdelmalek Cherrad (Arabic: عبدالمالك شراد‎) (born 14 January 1981 in La Tronche) is a French born Algerian footballer who currently plays for Championnat de France amateur side Grenoble Foot 38 as a striker.	Abdelmalek Cherrad	La Tronche
place of birth	Sun Guowen (Chinese: 孙国文; Pinyin: Sūn Guówén, born 30 September 1993 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Dalian Aerbin in the China League One.	Sun Guowen	Dalian
place of birth	Nikolai Kormiltsev (Russian: Николай Кормильцев; born 1946, Omsk) was Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Ground Forces from 2001 to 2004, before being replaced by Alexey Maslov.	Nikolai Kormiltsev	Omsk
place of birth	Pierre-Julien Gilbert (1783 in Brest -- 1860 in Brest) was a French painter who specialised in naval scenes.	Pierre-Julien Gilbert	Brest
place of birth	Graham Vick CBE (born 30 December 1953 in Birkenhead) is an English opera director known for his experimental and revisionist stagings of traditional and modern operas.	Graham Vick	Birkenhead
place of birth	Lacy J. Dalton (born Jill Lynne Byrem on October 13, 1946 in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania) is an American country singer and songwriter.	Lacy J. Dalton	Bloomsburg
place of birth	Xenophanes of Colophon (/zəˈnɒfəniːz/; Ancient Greek: Ξενοφάνης ὁ Κολοφώνιος (ksenopʰánɛːs ho kolopʰɔ̌ːnios); c. 570 -- c. 475 BC) was a Greek philosopher, theologian, poet, and social and religious critic.	Xenophanes	Colophon
place of birth	Arif Suyono (born in Batu, Malang, East Java, January 3, 1984, age 30 years) is an Indonesian footballer, whose nickname is ``Keceng'', refers to his skinny appearance.	Arif Suyono	Batu
place of birth	José Vasconcelos was born in Oaxaca, Oaxaca on February 28, 1882, the son of a customs official.	José Vasconcelos	Oaxaca
place of birth	Pierre Billon (born June 15, 1937 in Geneva, Switzerland) is a novelist and screenwriter from Quebec.	Pierre Billon	Geneva
place of birth	Theo Eltink (born November 27, 1981 in Eindhoven) is a Dutch former professional road bicycle racer.	Theo Eltink	Eindhoven
place of birth	He was born in Amsterdam, where his father, David Jacob van Lennep (1774--1853), a scholar and poet, was professor of eloquence and the classical languages in the Atheneum.	Jacob van Lennep	Amsterdam
place of birth	Kevon Villaroel (born December 17, 1987 in Diego Martin) is a Trinidadian soccer player who currently plays for the Central FC of the TT Pro League	Kevon Villaroel	Diego Martin
place of birth	Giuseppe Perrone (born 19 May 1975) is a Swiss footballer, born in Arbon.	Giuseppe Perrone	Arbon
place of birth	Ivaylo Ivanov is a product of CSKA Sofia's youth system.	Ivaylo Ivanov	Sofia
place of birth	Patrick Jonker (born 25 May 1969 in Amsterdam) is a retired Australian road bicycle racer from Dutch and German ancestry.	Patrick Jonker	Amsterdam
place of birth	Brandon Escobar (born on Long Island, New York on 25 September 1990) is a Honduran American wrestler.	Brandon Escobar	Long Island
place of birth	Yosyf Zisels (born 2 December 1941 in Tashkent) is a human rights activist and Ukrainian dissident.	Yosyf Zisels	Tashkent
place of birth	Redding was born in Dawson, Georgia, the fourth of six children, and the first son, of Otis Redding, Sr., and Fannie Mae Redding.	Otis Redding	Dawson
place of birth	Karl Ludwig Fridolin von Sandberger (22 November 1826 -- 12 April 1898), German palaeontologist and geologist, was born at Dillenburg, Nassau, on the 22nd of November 1826.	Karl Ludwig Fridolin von Sandberger	Dillenburg
place of birth	Sumalee Montano (born August 3, 1972) is an American actress and voice actress, born in Columbus, Ohio, United States.	Sumalee Montano	Columbus
place of birth	Michael Kyomya is the bishop of the Anglican diocese of Busoga in Uganda.	Michael Kyomya	Uganda
place of birth	Patrizia Paterlini-Bréchot , born in Italy city of Reggio Emilia, is an Italian scientist and a professor of cell biology and oncology working at the Faculté de Médecine Necker-Enfants Malades, Université Paris Descartes and at INSERM in Paris	Patrizia Paterlini-Bréchot	Reggio Emilia
place of birth	Luiz Henrique de Oliveira or simply Luiz Henrique (born 3 September 1985) in São Paulo is a Brazilian attacking midfielder who plays for Guarani in the Brazilian Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. .	Luiz Henrique de Oliveira	São Paulo
place of birth	Thijs Berman (born September 26, 1957 in Coevorden) is an independent consultant based in Brussels, Belgium.	Thijs Berman	Coevorden
place of birth	Yuen Kin Man (Chinese: 阮健文; Jyutping: jyun5 gin6 man4; born January 19, 1989, Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong footballer who played for Rangers of Hong Kong First Division League.	Yuen Kin Man	Hong Kong
place of birth	Mel Tottoh (born 26 July 1956 in Manchester) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Preston North End.	Mel Tottoh	Manchester
place of birth	Neusa Maria Faro (born February 18, 1945 in Sorocaba) is a Brazilian actress and dubber.	Neusa Maria Faro	Sorocaba
place of birth	João Leiva Campos Filho, usually called Leivinha (little Leiva), (born 11 September 1949 in Novo Horizonte, São Paulo) is a retired Brazilian footballer who played striker.	Leivinha	Novo Horizonte, São Paulo
place of birth	Maximilian Hugo Bettauer, later known as Hugo Bettauer, was born in Baden bei Wien on 18 August 1872, the son of the stockbroker Arnold (Samuel Aron) Bettauer from Lemberg (Lviv) and his wife Anna (née Wecker).	Hugo Bettauer	Baden bei Wien
place of birth	James Clarence Mangan, born James Mangan (1 May 1803, Dublin -- 20 June 1849), was an Irish poet.	James Clarence Mangan	Dublin
place of birth	Giambattista della Porta was born at Vico Equense, near Naples, to the nobleman Nardo Antonio della Porta.	Giambattista della Porta	Vico Equense
place of birth	Konstantinos Tzechanis (Albanian: Kostë Xhehani, Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Τζεχάνης, Latin: Constantinus Tzechani, 1740--1800) was a philosopher, mathematician and poet from the 18th century Aromanian center of Moscopole.	Konstantinos Tzechanis	Moscopole
place of birth	Damophon (Greek: Δαμοφῶν; fl. 2nd century BC) was an ancient Greek sculptor of the Hellenistic period from Messene, who executed many statues for the people of Messene, Megalopolis, Aegium and other cities of Peloponnesus.	Damophon	Messene
place of birth	Bernadette Malgorn (born 19 June 1951 in Nantes, Loire-Atlantique) is a French civil servant and politician.	Bernadette Malgorn	Nantes
place of birth	Robert Eberle (1815--1862), a German animal painter, was born at Meersburg, on Lake Constance, July 22.	Robert Eberle	Meersburg
place of birth	Sidney Santos de Brito (born October 16, 1979 in Recife), known as Sidney, is a Brazilian footballer.	Sidney Santos de Brito	Recife
place of birth	Frederick Sidney Cotton was born on 17 June 1894 on a cattle station at Goorganga, near Proserpine, Queensland.	Sidney Cotton	Queensland
place of birth	Achmed Akkabi (born 3 October 1983 in The Hague) is a Moroccan-Dutch actor.	Achmed Akkabi	The Hague
place of birth	Herman Cain was born in Memphis, Tennessee, to Lenora (Davis) Cain, a cleaning woman and domestic worker, and Luther Cain Jr., who was raised on a farm and worked as a barber and janitor, as well as a chauffeur for Coca-Cola Company president Robert W. Woodruff.	Herman Cain	Memphis
place of birth	He was born in London the son of William Macready the elder, and the actress Christina Ann Birch.	William Macready	London
place of birth	Lodovico, Count Corti (October 24, 1823 -- February 19, 1888), Italian diplomat, was born at Gambarana, near Pavia.	Lodovico, Count Corti	Gambarana
place of birth	Amos Dewon Day (born September 29, 1980, in Jackson, Mississippi) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher who was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays.	Dewon Day	Jackson
place of birth	Born Auguste Henriette Mendel in Darmstadt, Hesse-Darmstadt, she was the daughter of Adam Mendel and of Anna Sophie Müller.	Henriette Mendel	Darmstadt
place of birth	Jaleh Amouzgar (Persian: ژاله آموزگار‎‎, born 2 December 1939 in Khoy, West Azerbaijan) is a world-class Iranist and a university professor.	Jaleh Amouzgar	Khoy
place of birth	Maria Maunder (born 19 March 1972 in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador) is a Canadian rower.	Maria Maunder	St. John
place of birth	Rick Allison (real name: Éric Vleminckx, born July 17, 1964, in Brussels) is a Belgian-born Canadian musician and record producer best known for his work with singer Lara Fabian.	Rick Allison	Brussels
place of birth	Richelle Mead was born in Michigan, and currently lives in the Seattle suburb of Kirkland, Washington, United States.	Richelle Mead	Michigan
place of birth	Barnabas Brough was born around 1795 in Newcastle upon Tyne, the third of six children born to William and Mary (née Trotter) Brough.	Barnabas Brough	Newcastle upon Tyne
place of birth	Edward Spring Knapp (1879--1940), of New York City, was a philatelist known for his remarkable collections of postage stamps and postal history.	Edward Spring Knapp	New York City
place of birth	Born in Mostar, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, then still within Yugoslavia, Nikola Jokišić began playing football with FK Velež Mostar, making 34 appearances in the Yugoslav First League.	Nikola Jokišić	Mostar
place of birth	Charikleia Pantazi (Greek: Χαρικλέια Πανταζή; born 18 March 1985 in Athens) is a Greek rhythmic gymnast.	Charikleia Pantazi	Athens
place of birth	Aleksei Dressen (born 1968 in Riga) is a former Estonian Internal Security Service officer being charged with treason.	Aleksei Dressen	Riga
place of birth	Alyz Henrich was born in Punto Fijo, a Caribbean city located in western Venezuela.	Alyz Henrich	Punto Fijo
place of birth	Rich Paul is an American sports agent based in Cleveland, Ohio.	Rich Paul	Cleveland
place of birth	Jindřich Kabát (born 24 April 1953 in Prague) is a Czech psychologist, professor and politician.	Jindřich Kabát	Prague
place of birth	Jeanne DuPrau (born 1944 in San Francisco, California) is an American writer, best known for The City of Ember, a series of novels for young people.	Jeanne DuPrau	San Francisco
place of birth	Roderic's exact date of birth is unknown but probably was after 687, estimated from his father's marriage having taken place after his exile to Córdoba following the succession of King Egica in that year.	Roderic	Córdoba
place of birth	Einar Gelius (born 15 May 1959 in Arendal) is a Norwegian priest who has also been involved in politics for the Labour Party.	Einar Gelius	Arendal
place of birth	Marguerite Lamour (Marguerite Arzel born on June 12, 1956 in Ploudalmézeau, Finistère) is the mayor of Ploudalmézeau.	Marguerite Lamour	Ploudalmézeau
place of birth	Daniel Acon (born January 24, 1958 Rome) is an American Special Effects Coordinator and Supervisor.	Daniel Acon	Rome
place of birth	Pauline Croze (Noisy-le-Sec, 4 May 1979) is a French pop/folk singer and musician.	Pauline Croze	Noisy-le-Sec
place of birth	Steve Trotter (born November 13, 1962 in Providence, Rhode Island) is a daredevil who is the youngest person to have gone over Niagara Falls in a barrel.	Steve Trotter	Providence
place of birth	Peter Willey (born 6 December 1949 in Sedgefield, County Durham) is a former English cricketer, who played as a right-handed batsman and right-arm offbreak bowler.	Peter Willey	Sedgefield
place of birth	Francesco Amico was a prominent Roman Catholic theologian, born in Cosenza, in Calabria, 2 April 1578.	Francesco Amico	Cosenza
place of birth	Erika Mann was born in Munich and was the firstborn daughter of the writer and later Nobel-prize winner Thomas Mann and his wife, Katia (née Pringsheim), the daughter of an intellectual German family of Jewish heritage.	Erika Mann	Munich
place of birth	Jan Slavomír Tomíček (1806, in Branná by Jilemnice -- 28 April 1866, in Praha) was a Czech writer, journalist, historian and ethnologist.	Jan Slavomír Tomíček	Jilemnice
place of birth	Daniel Ludwig Ernst Betche (31 December 1851, in Potsdam -- 28 June 1913, in Sydney) was a German-Australian horticulturist and botanist.	Ernst Betche	Potsdam
place of birth	Born in 1933 in Cleveland, Ohio, Judah Folkman accompanied his father, a rabbi, on visits to hospital patients.	Judah Folkman	Cleveland
place of birth	Nathaniel Wallich was born in Copenhagen in 1786 as Nathan ben Wulff.	Nathaniel Wallich	Copenhagen
place of birth	JUDr.Bc.Jaromír Tauchen, Ph.D., LL.M.Eur.Integration (Dresden) (* 23. Juli 1981, Sušice) is a Czech lawyer, law-historian, certified judiciary interpreter and translator (German/Czech) and lecturer at the Faculty of Law, Masaryk University, Brno.	Jaromír Tauchen	Sušice
place of birth	Enrico Baiano (Naples, 1960) is an Italian harpsichordist and fortepianist, known on the international stage as a virtuoso and strict interpreter of early music.	Enrico Baiano	Naples
place of birth	Louis Gerlach Pareau, (August 10, 1800 -- October 27, 1866) was a Dutch theologian born in Deventer.	Louis Gerlach Pareau	Deventer
place of birth	Dimitrios Mougios (Greek: Δημήτριος Μούγιος, born October 13, 1981 in Marousi, Athina) is a Greek rower.	Dimitrios Mougios	Marousi
place of birth	Gabi Packer is a former Israeli footballer who is mostly known for playing in Maccabi Netanya for 14 seasons.	Gabi Packer	Netanya
place of birth	Mirza Babayev was born on July 16, 1913 in Baku, into a family of oil agent.	Mirza Babayev	Baku
place of birth	Brunello Cucinelli (born 3 September 1953 at Castel Rigone) is an Italian fashion designer and eponymous chief executive of his brand, Brunello Cucinelli.	Brunello Cucinelli	Castel Rigone
place of birth	Aurelio De Laurentiis (born 24 May 1949 in Rome) is a prominent Italian film producer through his company, Filmauro and the current chairman of his native Italian football club Napoli.	Aurelio De Laurentiis	Rome
place of birth	Alice Nina Hoysradt, née Conarain (b. Dublin, Ireland) was an Irish writer of over 70 romance novels as her maiden name Nina Conarain and under the pseudonym of Elizabeth Hoy from 1933 to 1980.	Elizabeth Hoy	Dublin
place of birth	Aitor Hernández Gutiérrez (born 24 January 1982 in Ermua, Basque Country) is a Spanish racing cyclist who is currently not under contract to any team.	Aitor Hernández	Ermua
place of birth	Born in Havana on November 10, 1976, Viengsay Valdés moved at three months to Laos, where her father was the Cuban Ambassador.	Viengsay Valdés	Havana
place of birth	Pavel Loskutov (born 2 December 1969 in Valka, Latvia) is a former Estonian long-distance runner who specialized in marathon races.	Pavel Loskutov	Valka
place of birth	Sona Mohapatra (born 17 June 1976) is an Indian singer, music composer and lyricist born in Cuttack, Odisha.	Sona Mohapatra	Cuttack
place of birth	Oleg Sudakov (Russian: Олег Судаков; 4 May 1962, Novosibirsk), better known as Manager is a Russian musician, poet, artist, and publicist.	Oleg Sudakov	Novosibirsk
place of birth	Tommaso Righi (1727--1802) was an Italian sculptor and stuccator with a practice in Rome.	Tommaso Righi	Rome
place of birth	Lukáš Pollert (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlukaːʃ ˈpolɛrt)) (born 24 March 1970 in Prague) is a Czech slalom canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the early 2000s.	Lukáš Pollert	Prague
place of birth	Ewerton Ribeiro Páscoa or simply Ewerton Páscoa (born 14 March 1989) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Brazilian club Sport Recife, on loan from Audax São Paulo.	Ewerton Páscoa	São Paulo
place of birth	Josef Benda, also Joseph Benda (baptized 7 May 1724 in Benátky nad Jizerou -- died 22 February 1804 in Potsdam), was a Bohemian violinist and composer active in Germany.	Joseph Benda	Benátky nad Jizerou
place of birth	Aleksander Väinö Nyström (11 September 1857, Ruovesi - 31 January 1918, Pirkkala) was a Finnish civil servant, bank director and politician.	Väinö Nyström	Ruovesi
place of birth	Clift Andrus was born on October 12, 1890 at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas as a son of army colonel, Edwin Proctor Andrus and his wife Marie Josephine (néé Birdwell).	Clift Andrus	Fort Leavenworth
place of birth	Flavien Belson Bengaber (born 22 February 1987 in Sainte-Adresse) is a French born Guadeloupe international footballer who is currently plays for Stade Bordelais.	Flavien Belson	Sainte-Adresse
place of birth	Ladislav Sutnar (9 November 1897 -- 13 November 1976) was a graphic designer from Plzeň, Czechoslovakia (in western Bohemia) who was a pioneer of information design and information architecture.	Ladislav Sutnar	Plzeň
place of birth	Marcel Zanini (real name Zannini, born September 9, 1923 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a French jazz musician.	Marcel Zanini	Istanbul
place of birth	Lucien Weiler (born 3 August 1951 in Ettelbruck) is a Luxembourgian politician and jurist.	Lucien Weiler	Ettelbruck
place of birth	Fred Daniels (Churchover, Warwickshire, 26 July 1892 -- 1959) was a pioneer of still photography in the film industry using a plate camera.	Fred Daniels	Churchover
place of birth	Wendy Windham (born January 13, 1967, in Los Angeles) is an American actress, working primarily in Italy.	Wendy Windham	Los Angeles
place of birth	She was born Nora Dorothy Bernard in Port Elizabeth, British Cape Colony, now part of South Africa, to William H Bernard and Roy Elizabeth Ayrd.	Dorothy Bernard	Port Elizabeth
place of birth	Diego Higino Nascimento (born September 14, 1986 in Salvador), is a Brazilian football striker.	Diego Higino	Salvador
place of birth	Allan Théo (born Alain Rouget on 11 April 1972, Saint-Amand-Montrond) is a French singer.	Allan Théo	Saint-Amand-Montrond
place of birth	Wilhelm Sollmann was born on 2 April 1881 in Oberlind, Saxe-Meiningen (today a part of Sonneberg, Thuringia).	Wilhelm Sollmann	Oberlind
place of birth	Rodney Graham (born January 16, 1949) is an artist and musician born in Abbotsford, British Columbia.	Rodney Graham	Abbotsford, British Columbia
place of birth	Alejandro Escovedo (born January 10, 1951, in San Antonio, Texas) is a Mexican American singer-songwriter.	Alejandro Escovedo	San Antonio
place of birth	Malkhaz Asatiani (Georgian: მალხაზ ასათიანი; born 4 August 1981 in Kutaisi) is a retired Georgian football defender who last recently played for Lokomotiv Moscow.	Malkhaz Asatiani	Kutaisi
place of birth	George Sale (1697, Canterbury, Kent, England -- 1736, London, England) was an Orientalist and practising solicitor, best known for his 1734 translation of the Qur'an into English.	George Sale	Canterbury
place of birth	Santiago Federico Valverde Dipetta (born 22 July 1998 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Uruguayan club Peñarol as a Midfielder on loan from Spanish club Real Madrid .	Federico Valverde	Montevideo
place of birth	Mariano Rivera was born in Panama City, Panama, on November 29, 1969, to Mariano Rivera Palacios and Delia Jiron.	Mariano Rivera	Panama City
place of birth	Sabrina Le Beauf (born March 21, 1958 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American actress best known for her portrayal of Sondra Huxtable on the NBC situation comedy The Cosby Show.	Sabrina Le Beauf	New Orleans
place of birth	Sócrates was born in Belém do Pará.	Sócrates	Belém
place of birth	Vahagn Khachatryan (Armenian: Վահագն Խաչատրյան; born July 26, 1959 in Sisian) is an Armenian politician.	Vahagn Khachatryan	Sisian
place of birth	Curtis was born on 15 June 1905 in London, the only child of Herbert John Curtis and Elizabeth Winifred Curtis (née Baker).	Winifred Curtis	London
place of birth	Marcel Langiller (born in Charenton-le-Pont, Val-de-Marne, 2 June 1908 -- died 28 December 1980) was a French footballer and is an Olympian.	Marcel Langiller	Charenton-le-Pont
place of birth	Born in Radom, Lech Owron graduated from the Edward Rontaler Gimnazjum in Warsaw, he then studied mining engineering in Mons, Belgium.	Lech Owron	Radom
place of birth	Robert Brito Luciano or simply Robinho (born September 8, 1987 in Volta Redonda) is a Brazilian footballer, who currently plays for Madureira.	Robert Brito Luciano	Volta Redonda
place of birth	Milne founded the Aberdeen-based Stewart Milne Construction Group in 1975, a housebuilding contractor.	Stewart Milne	Aberdeen
place of birth	Radostin Kishishev (Bulgarian: Радостин Кишишев; born 30 July 1974) is a former Bulgarian footballer and current manager of Neftochimic Burgas.	Radostin Kishishev	Burgas
place of birth	Yura Movsisyan was born 2 August 1987 in Baku, Azerbaijan SSR to an Armenian family of parents Sergey Movsisyan and Aida Sahakyan and brothers Movses and Hovhannes.	Yura Movsisyan	Baku
place of birth	Giacomo Di Chirico was born in Venosa into a carpenter's family, the younger son of Luigi and Caterina Savino.	Giacomo Di Chirico	Venosa
place of birth	Dmitry Kawarga (Russian: Дмитрий Викторович Каварга) born in Moscow, Russia Dmitry Kawarga is a Russian artist whose works are based on the synthesis of science, art and technology.	Dmitry Kawarga	Moscow
place of birth	James Atherton (born 1872 in Lancaster, England) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Leicester Fosse.	James Atherton	Lancaster
place of birth	Andrea Giocondi (born in Tivoli, 17 January 1969) is an Italian middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.	Andrea Giocondi	Tivoli
place of birth	Beba Idelson (née Trakhtenbereg) was born in Ekaterinoslav in the Russian Empire (now Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine) in 1895.	Beba Idelson	Dnipropetrovsk
place of birth	Roman Vasyanov (Russian: Роман Васьянов; born October 24, 1980 in Moscow) is a Russian cinematographer.	Roman Vasyanov	Moscow
place of birth	Keith Wyness (born 26 October 1958) is a Scottish businessman, who was chief executive officer of the Scottish Premier League club Aberdeen and later the Premier League club Everton during the 2000s.	Keith Wyness	Aberdeen
place of birth	Stacey Grenrock-Woods (born November 22, 1968, in Los Angeles) is an American writer, actress, and former correspondent on The Daily Show.	Stacey Grenrock-Woods	Los Angeles
place of birth	Oscar Corrochano (born 6 September 1976 in Hanau) is a German-Spanish football coach and former player.	Oscar Corrochano	Hanau
place of birth	Marion Grasby (born 29 September 1982 in Darwin, Northern Territory) is a Thai-Australian cook, and the owner and creator of Marion's Kitchen food range.	Marion Grasby	Darwin
place of birth	Adrian Pearsall (born 1925, Trumansburg, New York) was an American architect and furniture designer.	Adrian Pearsall	Trumansburg, New York
place of birth	Përparim Kovaçi (born 8 January 1956 in Berat) is a former Albanian football player and coach who spent nearly all of his career at Tomori Berat, where he is the club's top goalscorer with over 100 league goals scored.	Përparim Kovaçi	Berat
place of birth	Sue Bond (born 9 May 1945 in Aylesbury, England) is a British actress, cabaret singer and comedienne best remembered for her appearances on The Benny Hill Show in the early 1970s.	Sue Bond	Aylesbury
place of birth	Zechariah Buck (9 September 1798, Norwich -- 5 August 1879, Newport, Essex), was an English Organist.	Zechariah Buck	Norwich
place of birth	Roshan Taqui is a multi-published Indian writer on Lucknow and its culture.	Roshan Taqui	Lucknow
place of birth	Dennis Dun (born April 19, 1952) is an American actor from Stockton, California, currently residing in Los Angeles.	Dennis Dun	Stockton
place of birth	Dorothy Paul (born 1937 in Dennistoun, ((Glasgow)dffsdfs) as Dorothy Pollock) is a Scottish actress, comedian and entertainer.	Dorothy Paul	Glasgow
place of birth	Helen Cornelius (b. Helen Lorene Johnson, Dec. 6, 1941, Monroe City, Missouri) is an American country singer-songwriter and actress, best remembered for a series of hit duets with Jim Ed Brown, many of which reached the U.S. country singles top ten during the late 1970s and early '80s.	Helen Cornelius	Monroe City
place of birth	José Gerson Ramos or simply Gérson (born March 29, 1981 in Carmópolis), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder for Atlético Sorocaba.	José Gerson Ramos	Carmópolis
place of birth	Luciana Littizzetto (born October 29, 1964 in Turin, Piedmont) is an Italian comedy actress, shock jock and humor writer.	Luciana Littizzetto	Turin
place of birth	Lutz Fleischer (born 1956 in Dresden) is a German painter and graphic artist.	Lutz Fleischer	Dresden
place of birth	Melvin Anthony grew up in the lower-middle-class neighborhoods of Sacramento and San Bernardino, California.	Melvin Anthony	Sacramento
place of birth	Catherine Flemming (born 2 February 1967 in Berlin) is a German film and TV actress.	Catherine Flemming	Berlin
place of birth	Luka Milunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Лука Милуновић; born 21 December 1992 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football striker who plays for Superleague Greece side Platanias.	Luka Milunović	Belgrade
place of birth	Eduard Norden was born in Emden in East Frisia, the son of a Jewish physician.	Eduard Norden	Emden
place of birth	Nicolas Reissig (born 7 April 1989, in Oberndorf bei Salzburg) is an Austrian tennis player.	Nicolas Reissig	Oberndorf bei Salzburg
place of birth	Garry Bushell (born 13 May 1955, Woolwich, South East London) is an English newspaper columnist, rock music journalist, television presenter, author and political activist.	Garry Bushell	London
place of birth	Luciano Caravani (born 14 April 1953 in Vicenza, Veneto) is a retired Italian sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres.	Luciano Caravani	Vicenza
place of birth	Guelfo Zamboni was born at Santa Sofia, then part of Tuscany.	Guelfo Zamboni	Santa Sofia
place of birth	Viviane Dorsile (born 1 June 1967 in Sainte Anne, Guadeloupe) is a French athlete who specialises in the 800 meters and the 4 x 400 meter relay.	Viviane Dorsile	Sainte Anne
place of birth	Fabio Badilini (born 22 October 1964 in Montichiari, Brescia) is an Italian scientist and business man.	Fabio Badilini	Montichiari
place of birth	Diego Dubcovsky (born Buenos Aires) is an Argentine film producer, production manager, and production designer.	Diego Dubcovsky	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Born in Watford, Hertfordshire, England in 1888, the oldest child of Louise and George Pearkes, he attended Berkhamsted School.	George Pearkes	Watford
place of birth	Giuseppe De Stefano (born Reggio Calabria, 1 December 1969) is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta, the Calabrian mafia.	Giuseppe De Stefano	Reggio Calabria
place of birth	Ellie Raymond (born 29 January 1991) is an Australian football (soccer) player currently playing for Australian W-League team Canberra United.	Ellie Raymond	Canberra
place of birth	Peter Shmock (Peter Carlton ``Pete'' Shmock; born April 29, 1950 in Detroit, Michigan) is a retired American track and field athlete, primarily known for throwing the shot put, and former Seattle Mariners coach.	Peter Shmock	Detroit
place of birth	Josef Grassi was born in Vienna, the younger brother of sculptor and porcelain modeller Anton Grassi.	Josef Grassi	Vienna
place of birth	Tony Aitken (born 20 June 1946 in Solihull, Warwickshire, England) is an English actor, known for playing a variety of parts in popular television programmes.	Tony Aitken	Solihull
place of birth	André Boulerice (born May 8, 1946 in Joliette, Quebec) is a Québécois politician and gay rights activist.	André Boulerice	Joliette
place of birth	Sebastiano Galeotti (1656--1746) was a peripatetic Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, active in Florence, Genoa, Parma, Piacenza, Codogno, Lodi, Cremona, Milan, Vicenza, Bergamo, and Turin.	Sebastiano Galeotti	Florence
place of birth	Jack Mahaney (1844-?) was an American criminal, sneak thief, confidence man and gang leader in New York City during the late-19th century.	Jack Mahaney	New York City
place of birth	Renato Cipollini (born August 27, 1945 in Codogno, Province of Lodi) is a retired Italian professional football player.	Renato Cipollini	Codogno
place of birth	Carl Myerscough (pronounced Myers/co) (born 21 October 1979 in Hambleton, Lancashire) is an English athlete.	Carl Myerscough	Hambleton
place of birth	Otto Walter (1882, in Vienna -- 1965, in Parsch in the state of Salzburg) was an Austrian archaeologist.	Otto Walter	Vienna
place of birth	César Aparecido Rodrigues (born October 24, 1974 in São Paulo), better known just as César, is a Brazilian former footballer currently under contract as youth coach of Lazio.	César Aparecido Rodrigues	São Paulo
place of birth	Tor Seidler (born 1952 in Littleton, New Hampshire) is an American author of children's literature.	Tor Seidler	Littleton, New Hampshire
place of birth	Ivica Pirić (born 24 January 1977 in Split) is a retired Croatian football player who is last played for RNK Split.	Ivica Pirić	Split
place of birth	Alisha Farrer was born on was born on 19 October 1993 in Perth, Western Australia to parents of Indian heritage.	Alisha Farrer	Perth
place of birth	Kushtrim Munishi started his career in 1990 making his first appearance for FC Prishtina at the age 17.	Kushtrim Munishi	Prishtina
place of birth	Khaled Badra (Arabic: خالد بدرة‎, born 8 April 1973 in Kairouan) is a retired Tunisian footballer, who recently retired from international football, he last played for Tunisian League side Espérance of Tunis.	Khaled Badra	Kairouan
place of birth	Geoffrey Burnand was born in Hastings, Sussex to an English father, a Colonel in the British Army, and an Irish mother.	Geoffrey Burnand	Hastings
place of birth	John Kenyon Nicholson was born in Crawfordsville, Indiana, on May 21, 1894, the oldest son of Thomas B. and Anne (Kenyon) Nicholson.	Kenyon Nicholson	Crawfordsville
place of birth	Manuel Moreno (Buenos Aires, 1782 -- íb., 1857) was an Argentine politician, brother of Mariano Moreno.	Manuel Moreno	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Dario Damjanović (born 23 July 1981 in Gradačac) is a Bosnian football player who is playing for OFK Beograd in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Dario Damjanović	Gradačac
place of birth	Yacoob Omar (born 7 August 1948 in Durban) is a former South African first-class cricketer who played for Natal, mostly in Howa Bowl matches.	Yacoob Omar	Durban
place of birth	Peter Varellas (born October 2, 1984) is an American water polo player who grew up in Moraga, CA and attended Campolindo High School.	Peter Varellas	Moraga
place of birth	Michele Gammino (born 16 June 1941 in Rome) is an Italian film and television actor and radio and television presenter.	Michele Gammino	Rome
place of birth	Marco Antônio, real name Marco Antônio Feliciano, (born February 6, 1951 in Santos) was an association footballer.	Marco Antônio	Santos
place of birth	Louis Banks was born to Indian Gorkha parents Sarswati and George Banks, a musician, in his hometown of Darjeeling.	Louis Banks	Darjeeling
place of birth	Leopoldo Roberto Markovsky - Léo (born 29 August 1983 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian football striker, currently playing for Pattaya United.	Leopoldo Roberto Markovsky	São Paulo
place of birth	Charles-Marie-Napoléon de Beaufort d'Hautpoul (9 November 1804, Naples - 18 May 1890) was a French general of the 19th century.	Charles-Marie-Napoléon de Beaufort d'Hautpoul	Naples
place of birth	Vishal Kanoi born May 12, 1983 is Kolkata's eminent choreographer, producer of musical stage shows and the founder of Studio Vishal: the official platform for learning various western dance forms.	Vishal Kanoi	Kolkata
place of birth	Eliahu Inbal (born 16 February 1936, Jerusalem) is an Israeli conductor.	Eliahu Inbal	Jerusalem
place of birth	Gary Indiana (born 1950 as Gary Hoisington in Derry, New Hampshire) is an American writer, filmmaker, and visual artist.	Gary Indiana	Derry, New Hampshire
place of birth	Juliane Robra (born 8 January 1983 in Herdecke, Germany) is a Swiss judoka, competing in the 70 kg-category and currently ranked at 3rd Dan.	Juliane Robra	Herdecke
place of birth	Young Corbett II (born William J. Rothwell on October 4, 1880 Denver, Colorado and died on April 10, 1927) is a boxer who held the world featherweight championship.	Young Corbett II	Denver
place of birth	Leroy Golding (born 1950 in Jamaica) is a British actor, most famous for playing Celestine Tavernier in the BBC soap opera EastEnders; a role that he played from 1990 to 1992, returning briefly in 1993.	Leroy Golding	Jamaica
place of birth	The third son of Hans Christoph Ernst, Baron von Gagern, a liberal statesman from Hesse, Heinrich von Gagern was born at Bayreuth, educated at the military academy at Munich and, as an officer in the service of the duke of Nassau, fought at Waterloo.	Heinrich von Gagern	Bayreuth
place of birth	Cathe Friedrich, born July 20, 1964, is an American ACE certified group fitness instructor, personal trainer and entrepreneur from Glassboro, New Jersey.	Cathe Friedrich	Glassboro
place of birth	Patty Chang (born February 3, 1972, in San Francisco, California) is an American film director and performance artist.	Patty Chang	San Francisco
place of birth	Cengiz Küçükayvaz (born 30 July 1968 in Uşak) is a Turkish actor who usually appears in comedic roles.	Cengiz Küçükayvaz	Uşak
place of birth	Jimmy Engoulvent (born December 7, 1979 in Le Mans) is a French road racing cyclist who rides for Direct Énergie.	Jimmy Engoulvent	Le Mans
place of birth	Abdilatif Abdalla (born 1946 in Mombasa) is a Kenyan writer and politician.	Abdilatif Abdalla	Mombasa
place of birth	Weigand of Redwitz (1476 in Tüschnitz, now part of Küps -- 20 May 1556 in Kronach) was Prince-Bishop of Bamberg from 1522 until his death.	Weigand of Redwitz	Küps
place of birth	Franz Vohwinkel (born 1964 in Munich) is a German artist and illustrator whose work has appeared in role-playing games.	Franz Vohwinkel	Munich
place of birth	Juan Manuel Morales (born 19 December 1988 in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan footballer who currently plays as a left back.	Juan Manuel Morales	Montevideo
place of birth	Branko Radovanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бpaнкo Paдoвaнoвић ;born February 18, 1981 in Obrenovac) is a Serbian football player who has been a free agent since July 2009.	Branko Radovanović	Obrenovac
place of birth	Keshia Chanté was born in Ottawa, Ontario and raised in nearby Orléans, Ontario.	Keshia Chanté	Ottawa
place of birth	Bilaal Rajan (born in Toronto, Ontario) is a fundraiser, motivational speaker, author, United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) Canada's child ambassador, and founder of the Making Change Now organization.	Bilaal Rajan	Toronto
place of death	Mehdi Mohammed Zeyo (c. 1962 -- 20 February 2011) was a Libyan middle manager for a state oil company in Benghazi, Libya.	Mehdi Mohammed Zeyo	Benghazi
place of death	Maria Judite de Carvalho (Lisbon, 1921--1998) was a Portuguese author.	Maria Judite de Carvalho	Lisbon
place of death	Nikolaus III, Prince Esterházy (Hungarian: Esterházy III. Miklós, German: Nikolaus III Esterházy (Regensburg, June 25, 1817 - Vienna, January 28, 1894) was the ninth prince of the Hungarian House of Esterházy.	Nikolaus III, Prince Esterházy	Vienna
place of death	Giambattista Bodoni (Italian pronunciation: (dʒambatˈtiˑsta boˈdoːni); February 26, 1740 in Saluzzo -- November 30, 1813 in Parma) was an Italian typographer, type-designer, compositor, printer and publisher in Parma.	Giambattista Bodoni	Parma
place of death	Gerhard Koall was killed on 27 April 1945 after being hit by Soviet anti-aircraft fire near Anklam.	Gerhard Koall	Anklam
place of death	Experience Estabrook died in Omaha, Nebraska, and was buried in Forest Lawn Cemetery in Omaha.	Experience Estabrook	Omaha
place of death	Wilhelm Brückner-Rüggeberg (April 15, 1906 in Stuttgart - April 1, 1985 in Hamburg) was a German conductor.	Wilhelm Brückner-Rüggeberg	Hamburg
place of death	Mammad Araz (Azerbaijani: Məmməd Araz) (14 October 1933 in Nursu, Nakhchivan -- 1 December 2004 in Baku, Azerbaijan), born Mammad Ibrahimov, was an Azerbaijani poet.	Mammad Araz	Baku
place of death	Sebastian Arcos Bergnes (1931 -- December 22, 1997, New York City) was a Cuban human rights activist.	Sebastian Arcos Bergnes	New York City
place of death	Basiliscus, his wife Aelia Zenonis and his son Marcus were sent to a fortress in Cappadocia, where Zeno had them enclosed in a dry cistern, to die from exposure.	Basiliscus	Cappadocia
place of death	Gordon Thomas Whyburn (7 January 1904 Lewisville, Texas -- 8 September 1969 Charlottesville, Virginia) was an American mathematician who worked on topology.	Gordon Thomas Whyburn	Charlottesville
place of death	Born and raised on the south side of Chicago, he was named after his father Oscar Brown, Sr., a successful attorney and real estate broker.	Oscar Brown	Chicago
place of death	Christoph Wilhelm Mitscherlich (20 October 1760 in Weissensee (Thuringia) -- 6 January 1854 in Göttingen) was a German classical scholar.	Christoph Wilhelm Mitscherlich	Göttingen
place of death	Charles Sprigg (1889 -- 1969) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham.	Charles Sprigg	Birmingham
place of death	Edward Alfred Cowper (10 December 1819 London -- 9 May 1893 Rastricke, Weybridge, Surrey) was a British mechanical engineer.	Edward Alfred Cowper	Weybridge
place of death	Shota Iamanidze (Georgian: შოთა იამანიძე) (born 15 March 1937 in Tbilisi; died 15 October 1971 in Tbilisi) was a Georgian Soviet football player.	Shota Iamanidze	Tbilisi
place of death	On 17 March 1990, Capucine jumped to her death from her eighth-floor apartment in Lausanne, Switzerland, where she had lived for 28 years, having reportedly suffered from illness and depression for some time.	Capucine	Lausanne
place of death	Ekkehard Schall (May 29, 1930 in Magdeburg -- September 3, 2005 in Berlin) was a German stage and screen actor/director.	Ekkehard Schall	Berlin
place of death	Vincent Rose (né Vincenzo Cacioppo; 13 June 1880 Palermo, Italy -- 20 May 1944 Rockville Centre, New York) was an Italian-born American violinist, pianist, composer, and bandleader.	Vincent Rose	Rockville Centre
place of death	Vaclavs Borduško (born 3 October 1914 in Riga, died 14 October 1999 in Toronto, Canada) was a Latvian international footballer, a two-time champion of Latvia.	Vaclavs Borduško	Toronto
place of death	Azelin (before 1000 -- 8 March 1054) was Bishop of Hildesheim from 1044 until 1054.	Azelin	Hildesheim
place of death	Antonio Maria Lucchini or Luchini (Venice, c. 1690 -- Venice, before 1730) was an Italian librettist.	Antonio Maria Lucchini	Venice
place of death	In the monologue of the Apology, Socrates states he was active for Athens in the battles of Amphipolis, Delium, and Potidaea.	Socrates	Athens
place of death	Daniel Whitehead Hicky, known to friends as Jack Hicky, (December 6, 1900 -- July, 1976) was a prominent Atlanta poet, world traveler, and businessman, who in his day was ``the toast of the literati'' and ``one of the most widely published poets in America'' .	Daniel Whitehead Hicky	Atlanta
place of death	As the spiritual axis shifted to America, Christopher Hills visited his friend Laura Huxley who urged him to move to the United States where he settled in Boulder Creek, California, and became a U.S. citizen.	Christopher Hills	Boulder Creek, California
place of death	Jean Seignemartin (16 April 1848, Lyon - 29 November 1875, Algiers) was a French painter of the Lyon School.	Jean Seignemartin	Algiers
place of death	Kosta Hakman spent the final three years of his life in Opatija, where he died on 9 December 1961, of a heart condition.	Kosta Hakman	Opatija
place of death	Wilson Eyre, Jr. (October 30, 1858 - Oct. 23, 1944) was an American architect, teacher and writer who practiced in the Philadelphia area.	Wilson Eyre	Philadelphia
place of death	Bernardo del Carmen Fregoso Cázares, who worked and lived under the name Carmelo Torres Fregoso (July 16, 1927 in La Barca, Jalisco, Mexico -- January 29, 2003 in Caracas, Venezuela) was a matador, businessman, journalist, author and TV producer.	Carmelo Torres	Caracas
place of death	Giacomo Panizza (27 March 1804 -- 1 May 1860) was a conductor at La Scala, Milan for 13 years, during which time, he composed two operas and thirteen ballets.	Giacomo Panizza	Milan
place of death	Rolf Kauka (9 April 1917 in Markranstädt, Saxony -- 13 September 2000 in Thomasville, Georgia) was a comic artist, most famous for the series Fix and Foxi.	Rolf Kauka	Georgia
place of death	William Henry Finlay (born 17 June 1849 in Liverpool; died 7 December 1924 in Cape Town, South Africa) was a South African astronomer.	William Henry Finlay	Cape Town
place of death	Trinity Loren (born Joyce Evelyn McPherson; August 21, 1964 in La Jolla, California -- October 25, 1998) was a pornographic film actor, model, and stripper.	Trinity Loren	La Jolla
place of death	Alice Gurschner (née Pollak, 8 October 1869, Vienna -- 26 March 1944, Vienna) was an Austrian writer.	Alice Gurschner	Vienna
place of death	Frans Anneessens (in Dutch) or in French François Anneessens (Brussels, 25 February 1660 -- Brussels, 19 September 1719) was dean of a Brussels guild.	Frans Anneessens	Brussels
place of death	Lazarus Spengler (March 13, 1479 in Nuremberg -- September 7, 1534 in Nuremberg) was a prominent supporter of Martin Luther and leader of the Protestant Reformation in Nuremberg, as well as a famous hymnwriter.	Lazarus Spengler	Nuremberg
place of death	Antoniotto di Montaldo (1368 - 25 July 1398) was the doge of Genoa on two occasions between 1392 and 1394.	Antoniotto di Montaldo	Genoa
place of death	Russell Lee Smith (February 6, 1947 -- May 24, 1975) was an American spree killer who killed two people and wounded nine others in Dayton, Ohio, United States on May 24, 1975.	Russell Lee Smith	Dayton
place of death	Susan Paul (1809--1841) was an African-American abolitionist from Boston, Massachusetts.	Susan Paul	Boston
place of death	Hanns In der Gand was the pen name of Ladislaus Krupski (born 25 February 1882 in La Vernaz, France (formerly Savoy); died 24 May 1947 in Zumikon, canton of Zurich) was a Swiss folklorist and collector of traditional and military songs.	Hanns In der Gand	Zumikon
place of death	Samuel Earnshaw (1 February 1805, Sheffield, Yorkshire -- 6 December 1888, Sheffield, Yorkshire) was an English clergyman and mathematician, noted for his contributions to theoretical physics, especially ``Earnshaw's Theorem''.	Samuel Earnshaw	Sheffield
place of death	Maung Khin was born to Kya Hnaing and Po Kyaw in Rangoon (Yangon) in 1872, twenty years after the British had captured Lower Burma.	Maung Khin	Yangon
place of death	José de Bustamante y Guerra (Corvera de Toranzo, Cantabria 1 April 1759 -- Madrid 10 March 1825), sometimes referred to simply as Bustamante, was a Spanish naval officer, explorer, and politician.	José de Bustamante y Guerra	Madrid
place of death	Pedro Pablo Figueroa Luna (born December 25, 1857 in Copiapó, Chile; died 1906 in Santiago) was a Chilean writer and researcher.	Pedro Pablo Figueroa	Santiago
place of death	Theodoret of Cyrus or Cyrrhus (Greek: Θεοδώρητος Κύρρου; c. AD 393 -- c. 458/466) was an influential theologian of the School of Antioch, biblical commentator, and Christian bishop of Cyrrhus (423--457).	Theodoret	Cyrrhus
place of death	Albert M. Bender (1866--1941) was a leading patron of the arts in San Francisco in the 1920s and 1930s, who played a key role in the early career of Ansel Adams and was one of Diego Rivera's first American patrons.	Albert M. Bender	San Francisco
place of death	Nicolas René Berryer, comte de La Ferrière (4 March 1703, Paris -- 15 August 1762, Versailles) was a French magistrate and politician.	Nicolas René Berryer	Versailles
place of death	Leung Sheung (Chinese: 梁相; 1918 - 1978) was a Chinese martial artist who studied Wing Chun Kung Fu who is known as the senior-most student of Yip Man (葉問) in Hong Kong.	Leung Sheung	Hong Kong
place of death	Arthur Lennox Ochse (11 October 1899 in Graaff-Reinet, Cape Province -- 5 May 1949 in Middelburg, Cape Province) was a South African cricketer who played in three Tests in 1927--28 and 1929.	Arthur Lennox Ochse	Middelburg
place of death	Eduard Van De Walle (12 July 1932 -- 6 February 2016), known by his stage name Eddy Wally, was a Belgian singer from Zelzate, East Flanders, and the once self-proclaimed ``Voice of Europe''.	Eddy Wally	Zelzate
place of death	René Carmille (born Trémolat, Dordogne, 1886; died Dachau, Bavaria, January 25, 1945) was a punched card computer expert and comptroller general of the French Army in the early 20th century.	René Carmille	Dachau
place of death	Simón Bajour also Szymsia Bajour (born Szymon Bachórz) (April 4, 1928, Nasierowo Górne or Nasielsk, Poland - February 8, 2005, Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a Jewish Polish-Argentine violinist who was known for both his popular and classical repertoires.	Simón Bajour	Buenos Aires
place of death	Ippolita Trivulzio (1600 -- 20 June 1638) was the wife of Honoré II of Monaco and was the first Monegasque consort to bear the title of Princess.	Ippolita Trivulzio	Monaco
place of death	Cornelis Kiliaan (1528, Duffel -- 1607, Antwerp), was a 16th-century lexicographer, linguist, translator and poet of the Southern Netherlands.	Cornelis Kiliaan	Antwerp
place of death	Agostino Ciasca (secular name Pasquale) (born at Polignano a Mare, in the province of Bari, 7 May 1835; died at Rome, 6 February 1902) was an Italian Augustinian and Cardinal.	Agostino Ciasca	Rome
place of death	Benito Quinquela Martín (March 1, 1890 -- January 28, 1977) was an Argentine painter born in La Boca, Buenos Aires.	Benito Quinquela Martín	Buenos Aires
place of death	Henry Luyten (Hendrik Luyten, 21 May 1859, in Roermond -- 21 January 1945, in Brasschaat) was a Dutch-born Belgian painter.	Henry Luyten	Brasschaat
place of death	Werner von Trapp became a naturalized United States citizen while serving in the United States Army, initially serving with the 101st Infantry Battalion and later the 10th Mountain division in Italy during World War II. He then became a dairy farmer before eventually retiring in Waitsfield, Vermont.	Werner von Trapp	Waitsfield
place of death	Born in 1894 in Kyustendil to an affluent family, Dimitar Peshev had studied languages in Saloniki and law in Sofia.	Dimitar Peshev	Sofia
place of death	Jakov of Zadar (Italian: Giacomo Illirico or Giacomo Varingez; c. 1400 -- April 27, 1485) is a blessed of the Roman Catholic Church, Franciscan monk and patron of the Italian town of Bitetto.	Jakov of Zadar	Bitetto
place of death	Giuseppe Zocchi (Italian pronunciation: (dʒuˈzɛppe ˈdzɔkki), c. 1711--1767) was an Italian painter and printmaker, active in Florence, and best known for his vedute of the city.	Giuseppe Zocchi	Florence
place of death	Ernest Bruce Digby-Worsley was born on 6 February 1899 in Gloucester, England and died in 1980 in Hastings, England.	Bruce Digby-Worsley	Hastings
place of death	Adalberto Almeida y Merino (Bachíniva, Chihuahua, June 6, 1916 - Chihuahua, Chihuahua, June 21, 2008) was a Mexican prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Tulancingo, 1956--1962;	Adalberto Almeida y Merino	Chihuahua
place of death	Philippe de Luxembourg (1445--1519) was a French Cardinal He was bishop of Le Mans in 1476.	Philippe de Luxembourg	Le Mans
place of death	Federico Barocci (c. 1526 in Urbino -- 1612 in Urbino) was an Italian Renaissance painter and printmaker.	Federico Barocci	Urbino
place of death	In the early morning of January 30, 2008, Herbert Kenwith died at his home in Century City, Los Angeles, CA.	Herbert Kenwith	Los Angeles
place of death	Tan Siew Sin died on 17 March 1988 in Kuala Lumpur, and was buried in the family burial ground in Malacca.	Tan Siew Sin	Kuala Lumpur
place of death	Karl Schenkl (Brno, 11 December 1827 - Graz, 20 September 1900) was an Austrian classical philologist.	Karl Schenkl	Graz
place of death	Camille-Christophe Gerono (1799 in Paris, France -- 1891 in Paris) was a French mathematician.	Camille-Christophe Gerono	Paris
place of death	Irmengard of Oettingen (c. 1304 -- 6 November 1389 in Worms, Germany) was a princess of the Counts von Oettingen by birth, and by marriage, Countess Palatine of the Rhine and, as a widow, a Dominican nun.	Irmengard of Oettingen	Worms
place of death	Godfrey Edward Arnold, born as Gottfried Eduard Arnold (born Olmütz/then Austria-Hungary January 6, 1914, died Vienna July 5, 1989) was an Austrian American professor of medicine and researcher.	Godfrey Edward Arnold	Vienna
place of death	Lucien Goethals was born in Ghent, but spent his formative years in Argentina, where he studied at the Dima Conservatory of Buenos Aires.	Lucien Goethals	Ghent
place of death	Lyuben Dilov (1927, Cherven Bryag - 10 June 2008, Sofia), also known as Luben Dilov and Ljuben Dilov was a Bulgarian science-fiction writer.	Lyuben Dilov	Sofia
place of death	Johann Georg von Soldner (16 July 1776 in Feuchtwangen, Ansbach -- 13 May 1833 in Bogenhausen, Berlin) was a German physicist, mathematician and astronomer, first in Berlin and later in 1808 in Munich.	Johann Georg von Soldner	Bogenhausen
place of death	Erika Nõva née Volberg (4 April 1905, Muuksi -- 22 April 1987, Tallinn) was an Estonian architect, remembered mainly for her farmhouse designs.	Erika Nõva	Tallinn
place of death	Romuald Joubé died in 1949 at the age of age 73 in Gisors, Eure, France.	Romuald Joubé	Gisors
place of death	Nicoletto Vernia (ca. 1420, in Chieti -- October 31, 1499, in Vicenza) was an Italian Averroist philosopher, at the University of Padua.	Nicoletto Vernia	Vicenza
place of death	Karl Kurz (born November 21, 1898 - died November 26, 1933 in Basel, Switzerland) was an Austrian football player and manager.	Karl Kurz	Basel
place of death	Bram Bart died at the age of 49, in the University Hospital Leuven, Belgium.	Bram Bart	Leuven
place of death	Jaroslav Havlíček (February 3, 1896, Jilemnice - April 7, 1943, Prague) was a Czech novelist.	Jaroslav Havlíček	Prague
place of death	Konstantīns Pēkšēns (born 3 March 1859, Mazsalaca parish, Russian Empire -- died 23 June 1928, Bad Kissingen, Weimar Republic) is one of the most prominent Latvian architects of all times.	Konstantīns Pēkšēns	Bad Kissingen
place of death	Ferdinand Wolf (8 December 1796, Vienna - 18 February 1866, Vienna) was a romanist from Austria.	Ferdinand Wolf	Vienna
place of death	Friedrich Bleek (July 4, 1793 in Ahrensbök in Holstein (a village near Lübeck) -- February 27, 1859 in Bonn), German was a Biblical scholar.	Friedrich Bleek	Bonn
place of death	He was born in Venice, the son of Francesco di Daniele Barbaro and Elena Pisani, daughter of the banker Alvise Pisani and Cecilia Giustinian.	Daniele Barbaro	Venice
place of death	Stefan Rozental (13 August 1903, Łódź - 2 August 1994, Copenhagen), was a nuclear physicist, specialising in quantum mechanics.	Stefan Rozental	Copenhagen
place of death	Albin Dunajewski (born 1 March 1817 in Stanisławów - 19 June 1894 in Kraków) was a Bishop of Kraków, Poland, as well as charitable patron and high-profile social activist.	Albin Dunajewski	Kraków
place of death	Giovanni Andrea Sirani (4 September 1610 -- 21 May 1670) was an Italian Baroque painter from Bologna.	Giovanni Andrea Sirani	Bologna
place of death	Filippo De Nobili (September 23, 1876 in Catanzaro-February 7, 1962 in Catanzaro) was an Italian writer.	Filippo De Nobili	Catanzaro
place of death	Ludwig Meyn (1 October 1820, Pinneberg−4. November 1878, Uetersen), was a German agricultural scientist, soil scientist, geologist, journalist and mineralogist.	Ludwig Meyn	Uetersen
place of death	Renat Nelli (Occitan pronunciation: (reˈnad ˈnelːi)), who was born in Carcassonne, Aude in 1896 and died in 1982, was one of the major Occitan authors of the 20th century.	Renat Nelli	Carcassonne
place of death	Gabriela Preissová, née Gabriela Sekerová, sometimes used pen name Matylda Dumontová (March 23, 1862 in Kutná Hora -- March 27, 1946 in Prague), was a Czech writer and playwright.	Gabriela Preissová	Prague
place of death	Greg Shaw (January 1949 -- October 19, 2004) was a Los Angeles-based fanzine publisher, magazine editor, music historian and record label owner.	Greg Shaw	Los Angeles
place of death	Emmi Pikler (born 9 January 1902 in Vienna; died 6 June 1984 in Budapest, birth name Emilie Madleine Reich) was a Hungarian pediatrician who introduced new theories of infant education, and put them into practice at an orphanage she ran.	Emmi Pikler	Budapest
place of death	Van Snowden died from cancer on September 22, 2010, at St. Joseph's Hospital in Burbank, California, at the age of 71.	Van Snowden	Burbank
place of death	Antonio Gai (Born 3 May 1686 -- 4 June, 1769) was an Italian sculptor, active in his native Venice and Veneto during the late-Baroque period.	Antonio Gai	Venice
place of death	Genereux was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, the son of Catherine Mary (née Devine), a nurse who was originally from Mount Carmel, Pennsylvania, and Dr. Arthur George Genereux.	George Genereux	Saskatoon
place of death	Murtuza Mukhtarov (Azerbaijani: Murtuza Muxtarov) (1865 -- 1920) was an Azerbaijani oil industrialist and millionaire who built the Mukhtarov Palace in Baku and the Mukhtarov Mosque in Vladikavkaz.	Murtuza Mukhtarov	Baku
place of death	Giuseppe Sciuti (Zafferana Etnea, Sicily, February 26, 1834- Rome, March 13, 1911) was an Italian painter.	Giuseppe Sciuti	Rome
place of death	Antoine Le Grand (1629, in Douai -- 1699, in London) was a French Recollect and Cartesian philosopher.	Antoine Le Grand	London
place of death	Geoffrey Barraclough (10 May 1908, Bradford -- 26 December 1984, Burford) was an English historian, known as a medievalist and historian of Germany.	Geoffrey Barraclough	Burford
place of death	Olof Wilhelm Peterson-Berger (27 February 1867, Ullånger, Ångermanland -- 3 December 1942, Östersund) was a Swedish composer and music critic.	Wilhelm Peterson-Berger	Östersund
place of death	Giacinto Platania (Acireale, circa 1612 - 1691) was an Italian painter	Giacinto Platania	Acireale
place of death	Blessed Luigi Biraghi (2 November 1801 -- 11 August 1879) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest who served in his home of Milan.	Luigi Biraghi	Milan
place of death	Antonio Garbiglietti (30 November 1807, Biella -- 24 January 1887, Turin) was an Italian entomologist who specialised in Heteroptera .	Antonio Garbiglietti	Turin
place of death	Hans Robert Jauss (German: Jauß; 21 December 1921 in Göppingen -- 1 March 1997 in Konstanz) was a German academic, notable for his work in reception theory and medieval and modern French literature.	Hans Robert Jauss	Konstanz
place of death	Jos Hinsen (Rijkevorsel, Belgium, 14 April 1931 - Turnhout, Belgium, 15 March 2009 ) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer.	Jos Hinsen	Turnhout
place of death	Michele Cammarano (25 February 1835, Naples - 15 September 1920, Naples) was an Italian painter who was best known for his battle scenes, although he worked with a wide variety of subjects.	Michele Cammarano	Naples
place of death	Edward Bouchet was born at home in New Haven, Connecticut, to parents William and Susan (Cooley) Bouchet.	Edward Bouchet	New Haven, Connecticut
place of death	Ira Murchison died of cancer in Harvey, Illinois, aged 61.	Ira Murchison	Harvey
place of death	Giovanni Domenico Lombardi (1682--1751) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period in Lucca.	Giovanni Domenico Lombardi	Lucca
place of death	Herold Georg Wilhelm Johannes Schweickerdt (29 February 1903, Schmie, Baden-Württemberg - 21 February 1977, Pretoria) was a German botanist.	Herold Georg Wilhelm Johannes Schweickerdt	Pretoria
place of death	Charles Luckman (May 16, 1909 in Kansas City -- January 26, 1999 in Los Angeles) was an American businessman and an American architect, famous as the ``Boy Wonder of American Business'' when he was named president of the Pepsodent toothpaste company in 1939 at the age of 30.	Charles Luckman	Los Angeles
place of death	Jean-Étienne Guettard (22 September 1715 -- 7 January 1786), French naturalist and mineralogist, was born at Étampes, near Paris.	Jean-Étienne Guettard	Paris
place of death	Jacinto Guerrero (16 August 1895 Ajofrín, Toledo, Spain -- 15 September 1951 Madrid, Spain), was a prolific composer of zarzuelas and revues, as well as some orchestral compositions.	Jacinto Guerrero	Madrid
place of death	Ignasi de Solà-Morales Rubió (Barcelona 1942 - Amsterdam 2001) was a Catalan architect, historian and philosopher.	Ignasi de Solà-Morales	Amsterdam
place of death	Manuel Antonio de Varona y Loredo (November 25, 1908 in Camagüey, Cuba - October 29, 1992 in Miami, Florida, USA) was a Cuban lawyer and politician.	Manuel Antonio de Varona	Miami
place of death	August Abendroth (b Hamburg, 6 October 1796, d 19 March 1867) was a Hamburg jurist, merchant and philanthropist.	August Abendroth	Hamburg
place of death	Benjamín Solari Parravicini (1898--1974), born in Buenos Aires, Argentina on August 8, was an artist.	Benjamín Solari Parravicini	Buenos Aires
place of death	Luca Longhi (14 January 1507 -- August 12, 1580) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance or Mannerist period, active in and near Ravenna, where he mainly produced religious paintings and portraits.	Luca Longhi	Ravenna
place of death	Ferrantino Malatesta (1258 -- 12 November 1353) was a lord of Rimini and several other lands in northern Italy, a member of the Malatesta family.	Ferrantino Malatesta	Rimini
place of death	Gordon Cheesbrough died at Toronto General Hospital after a short battle with lymphoma on June 23, 2010.	Gordon Cheesbrough	Toronto General Hospital
place of death	Walerian Łukasiński (15 April 1786, in Warsaw -- 27 January 1868, Shlisselburg) was a Polish officer and political activist.	Walerian Łukasiński	Shlisselburg
place of death	Eleonore Prochaska (11 March 1785, Potsdam - 5 October 1813, Dannenberg) was a German woman soldier who fought in the Prussian army against Napoleon during the War of the Sixth Coalition.	Eleonore Prochaska	Dannenberg
place of death	Jeanne-Irène Biya died in office in Yaoundé at age 57.	Jeanne-Irène Biya	Yaoundé
place of death	Michel Ange Houasse (Paris, 1680 -- Arpajon, 1730) was a French painter, most of whose career was spent at the court of Philip V of Spain, who summoned him to the court in Madrid in 1715 whilst he was still Philip of Anjou.	Michel Ange Houasse	Arpajon
place of death	Charles Nagel (August 9, 1849 -- January 5, 1940) was a United States politician and lawyer from St. Louis, Missouri.	Charles Nagel	St. Louis
place of death	Kamala Bhattacharya (Bengali: কমলা ভট্টাচার্য) was an Indian student who was martyred in the Bengali Language Movement in Silchar in 1961.	Kamala Bhattacharya	Silchar
place of death	Bela Hubbard (April 23, 1814 -- June 13, 1896) was a 19th-century naturalist, geologist, writer, historian, surveyor, explorer, lawyer, real estate dealer, lumberman and civic leader of early Detroit, Michigan.	Bela Hubbard	Michigan
place of death	Anna Lühring (3 August 1796, in Bremen -- 25 August 1866, in Hamburg) (sometimes wrongly referred to as Anna Lührmann) was a soldier in the Prussian army during the Napoleonic Wars.	Anna Lühring	Hamburg
place of death	Giovanni d'Alemagna (died 1450) was a German painter, active in Italy, who collaborated with his brother-in-law Antonio Vivarini on various important religious paintings in Venice and Padua.	Giovanni d'Alemagna	Padua
place of death	Georg Schambach (9 January 1811, Göttingen -- 15 April 1879, Einbeck) was a German educator and folklorist.	Georg Schambach	Einbeck
place of death	Nicolas Mathieu (born 164?- died 30 March 1706, Paris) was a noted music collector and a Catholic priest of the Église Saint-André-des-Arts in Paris from 1681 until his death.	Nicolas Mathieu	Paris
place of death	He hosted Dining Around with Gene Burns, a Wine and cheese program, which aired Saturdays on NewsTalk 810 AM in San Francisco.	Gene Burns	San Francisco
place of death	Giuseppe Samonà (1898--1983) was an Italian architect and urban planner, whose notable works include the post office in the Appio quarter of Rome (built 1933--6), the Banca d'Italia in Padua (1968) and a theatre in Sciacca, Sicily (1974--9).	Giuseppe Samonà	Rome
place of death	Lorenzo Guerrero Gutiérrez (13 November 1900 in Granada -- 15 April 1981) was a Nicaraguan politician and a close associate of Somoza family.	Lorenzo Guerrero	Granada
place of death	Ellis Rabb (June 20, 1930, Memphis, Tennessee -- January 11, 1998, Memphis, Tennessee) was an American actor and director who in 1959 formed the Association of Producing Artists, a theatre company that brought new works and noteworthy revivals to Broadway and to regional theatres.	Ellis Rabb	Memphis
place of death	Edith Heath died on December 27, 2005 at her home in Tiburon, California.	Edith Heath	Tiburon
place of death	Jan Marek Marci FRS (13 June 1595 -- 10 April 1667), or Johannes (Greek: Ioannes) Marcus Marci, was a Bohemian doctor and scientist, rector of the University of Prague, and official physician to the Holy Roman Emperors.	Jan Marek Marci	Prague
place of death	Ahmed Bahnini (Arabic: أحمد بحنيني; l909, Fes -- 10 July 1971, Rabat) studied at the University of Al-Karaouine, Abdeslam Serghini was his professor.	Ahmed Bahnini	Rabat
place of death	Enos Lowe (May 5, 1804--February 13, 1880) was a pioneer doctor and businessman who was among the original founders of Omaha, Nebraska and served as president of the Second Iowa Constitutional Convention.	Enos Lowe	Omaha
place of death	Aldo Semerari (Martina Franca, 1921 − Ottaviano, 1 April 1981) was an Italian criminologist, psychiatrist and political diplomat of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta.	Aldo Semerari	Ottaviano
place of death	Giambattista Altieri was born 20 June 1589 in Rome, the son of Lorenzo Altieri and Victoria Delphini, a Venetian lady.	Giambattista Altieri	Rome
place of death	Jacques Thuillier, (March 18, 1928, Vaucouleurs, Meuse -- October 18, 2011, Paris) was a French art historian specializing in 17th-century French painting.	Jacques Thuillier	Paris
place of death	Horst Bienek (May 7, 1930, Gleiwitz -- December 7, 1990, Munich) was a German novelist and poet.	Horst Bienek	Munich
place of death	Antonín Vranický, Germanized as Anton Wranitzky, and also seen as Wranizky (June 13, 1761 in Nová Říše -- August 6, 1820 in Vienna), was a famous Czech violinist and composer of the 18th century.	Antonín Vranický	Vienna
place of death	Arvīds Jansons (10 October 1914 in Liepāja -- 21 November 1984 in Manchester) was a Latvian conductor and father of conductor Mariss Jansons.	Arvīds Jansons	Manchester
place of death	Alois Dryák (24 February 1872 in Olšany - 6 June 1932 in Prague) was Czech architect and professor of ornamental design.	Alois Dryák	Prague
place of death	Hector Hodler (1 October 1887, in Geneva -- 31 March 1920, in Leysin, Switzerland) was a Swiss Esperantist who had a strong influence on the early Esperanto movement.	Hector Hodler	Leysin
place of death	Gilbert Percy Whitley (9 June 1903 -- 18 July 1975) was a British-born Australian ichthyologist and malacologist who was Curator of Fishes at the Australian Museum in Sydney for about 40 years.	Gilbert Percy Whitley	Sydney
place of death	Kafunga died on November 17, 1991, in Belo Horizonte, after suffering five strokes.	Kafunga	Belo Horizonte
place of death	Eduard Heis (18 February 1806, Cologne -- 30 June 1877 in Münster) was a German mathematician and astronomer.	Eduard Heis	Münster
place of death	Adolfo Feragutti Visconti (Pura, Canton Ticino, 1850 -- Milan, 1924) was an Italian/Swiss painter, of eclectic styles and subjects, including orientalist themes, genre works, and landscapes.	Adolfo Feragutti Visconti	Milan
place of death	Giovanni Lilliu (born in Barumini, Italy on 13 March 1914 -- died in Cagliari, 19 February 2012), was a renowned archeologist, academician, publicist and politician and public figure and an expert of the Nuragic civilization.	Giovanni Lilliu	Cagliari
place of death	Jacob Jan van der Maaten (Elburg, 4 January 1820 -- Apeldoorn, 16 April 1879) was a Dutch painter and etcher.	Jacob Jan van der Maaten	Apeldoorn
place of death	Jimmy McDougall was Procurator Fiscal in Dumfries when Pan Am Flight 103 crashed at Lockerbie, Scotland, on 21 December 1988 killing all 243 passengers and 16 crew on board, as well as 11 people in the town of Lockerbie .	Jimmy McDougall	Lockerbie
place of death	Claus Breger was wounded on 16 December 1944 and died the next day in Aachen, Germany.	Claus Breger	Aachen
place of death	Ludwig Philipp Scharwenka (16 February 1847, Samter, Grand Duchy of Posen -- 16 July 1917, Bad Nauheim) was a German composer and teacher of music.	Philipp Scharwenka	Bad Nauheim
place of death	Fritz Ascher (17 October 1893 in Berlin, Germany -- 26 March 1970 in Berlin, Germany) was a German Expressionist, whose artwork is characterized by bold brushstrokes and expressionist colors combined with a strong commitment to authenticity.	Fritz Ascher	Berlin
place of death	Claudio Scarchilli (10 February 1924, Rome -- 25 July 1992) was an Italian film actor who appeared in film throughout the 1960s.	Claudio Scarchilli	Rome
place of death	Pierre Brambilla (12 May 1919 at Villarbeney in Switzerland -- 13 February 1984 at Grenoble, France) is a former French former professional road bicycle racer.	Pierre Brambilla	Grenoble
place of death	John II of Rosenberg (nicknamed: the peaceful; Czech: Jan II. ``Pokojný'' z Rožmberka; 1434 -- 8 November 1472, Ortenburg) was a member of the House of Rosenberg.	John II of Rosenberg	Ortenburg
place of death	Svatopluk Čech (February 21, 1846 in Ostředek near Benešov -- February 23, 1908 in Prague) was a Czech writer, journalist and poet.	Svatopluk Čech	Prague
place of death	A road in Carrasco, Montevideo, is named after Máximo Tajes.	Máximo Tajes	Montevideo
place of death	He was born Charles Wyndham Standing in London, England and died in Los Angeles, California.	Wyndham Standing	Los Angeles
place of death	Henri Sarolea (January 18, 1844, Maastricht -- September 12, 1900, Heerlen), was a Dutch railway entrepreneur and contractor who settled in Heerlen after having worked on the railways in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia).	Henri Sarolea	Heerlen
place of death	Charles Francis Coghlan died in Galveston, Texas, on November 27, 1899, after a month's illness.	Charles Francis Coghlan	Galveston
place of death	Pachacuti Inca Yupanqui or Pachacutec (in hispanicized spellings) or Pachakutiq Inka Yupanki (Quechua) was the ninth Sapa Inca (1438--1471/1472) of the Kingdom of Cusco which he transformed into the Inca Empire (Tawantinsuyu).	Pachacuti	Cusco
place of death	Vicente Antonio García de la Huerta (9 March 1734, Zafra - 12 March 1787, Madrid) was a Spanish dramatist, educated at Salamanca.	Vicente Antonio García de la Huerta	Madrid
place of death	Hans Ertel (March 24, 1904 in Berlin -- July 2, 1971 in Berlin) was a German natural scientist and a pioneer in geophysics, meteorology and hydrodynamics.	Hans Ertel	Berlin
place of death	James Schwarzenbach who was also a writer of regional novels, died at 83 in St. Moritz.	James Schwarzenbach	St. Moritz
place of death	Hippolyte Aucouturier (17 October 1876 in La Celle, Allier, France -- 22 April 1944 in Paris, France) was a French professional road bicycle racer.	Hippolyte Aucouturier	Paris
place of death	James Orton (21 April 1830, Seneca Falls, New York -- 25 September 1877, Lake Titicaca, Peru) was an American naturalist who contributed much to the knowledge of South America and the Amazon basin.	James Orton	Titicaca
place of death	Alexander Winton, in Cleveland, Ohio invented the world's first semi-truck in 1898 and sold his first manufactured semi-truck in 1899 He was inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame, and National Inventors Hall of Fame.	Alexander Winton	Cleveland
place of death	After many years living in Charlottesville, Virginia, Eleanor Ross Taylor last resided in Falls Church, Virginia.	Eleanor Ross Taylor	Falls Church
place of death	Nevada Stoody Hayes (21 October 1885 at Sandyville, Ohio, -- 11 January 1941 at Tampa, Florida), sometimes called Nevada de Bragança, was an American socialite who became the wife of Infante Afonso, Duke of Porto, whose nephew, Manuel II, was the last king of Portugal.	Nevada Stoody Hayes	Tampa
place of death	On July 28, 1938, Lampião and his band were betrayed by one of his supporters, Joca Bernardes, and were ambushed in one of his hideouts, the Angicos farm, in the state of Sergipe.	Lampião	Sergipe
place of death	Kustaa Artturi Järviluoma (b. August 9, 1879 in Alavus - d. January 31, 1942 in Helsinki) was a Finnish journalist, screenwriter and author.	Artturi Järviluoma	Helsinki
place of death	Pieter Pietersz II (1578 in Haarlem -- 1631 in Amsterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Pieter Pietersz II	Amsterdam
place of death	Juan Pérez de la Serna (1570 in Cervera, Spain -- August 8, 1631 in Zamora, Spain), was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Zamora (1627--1631) and as the seventh Archbishop of Mexico (1613--1627).	Juan Pérez de la Serna	Zamora
place of death	Alain de Weck grew up in Crans-Montana, attended the Collège Calvin in Geneva and later completed his Baccalauréat in classical studies at the Collège Saint-Michel in Fribourg in 1947.	Alain de Weck	Fribourg
place of death	Wilhelm Kress (July 29, 1836 in Saint Petersburg - February 24, 1913 in Vienna) was an aviation pioneer and an early aircraft designer.	Wilhelm Kress	Vienna
place of death	She was born in London as Julia Myra Hess, and at the age of five began to study the piano.	Myra Hess	London
place of death	Princess Cecylia Lubomirska (28 June 1907, Poręba Wielka, Poland -- 20 September 2001, São Paulo, Brazil) was a Princess Lubomirska by birth and a Princess of Bourbon-Two Sicilies through her marriage to Prince Gabriel of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.	Princess Cecylia Lubomirska	São Paulo
place of death	François Pierre Hippolyte Ernest Breton, a French artist and archaeologist, was born in Paris in 1812.	Ernest Breton	Paris
place of death	Knocky Parker (August 8, 1918, Palmer, Ellis Co., Texas - September 3, 1986, Los Angeles), born John William Parker, II, was an American jazz pianist.	Knocky Parker	Los Angeles
place of death	Victor Capesius (February 7, 1907 Reußmarkt, Transylvania (Hungary) -- March 20, 1985 Göppingen, Germany) was a Nazi SS-Sturmbannführer (Major) and KZ-Apotheker (concentration camp pharmacist) in the concentration camps of Dachau (1943--1944) and Auschwitz (1944-1945).	Victor Capesius	Göppingen
place of death	João Carlos de Oliveira, also known as ``João do Pulo'' (born in Pindamonhangaba, São Paulo, Brazil May 28, 1954 -- May 29, 1999 in São Paulo, Brazil) was a Brazilian athlete who competed in the triple jump and the long jump.	João Carlos de Oliveira	São Paulo
place of death	Glenn W. Ferguson (January 28, 1929 in Syracuse, New York - December 20, 2007 in Santa Fe, New Mexico) was an American diplomat and university president.	Glenn W. Ferguson	Santa Fe
place of death	Félix-Sébastien Feuillet de Conches (4 December 1798 -- 5 February 1887 in Paris) was a French diplomat, journalist, writer and collector.	Félix-Sébastien Feuillet de Conches	Paris
place of death	Arturo Falaschi (21 January 1933, Rome -- 1 June 2010, Montopoli in Val d'Arno) was an Italian geneticist.	Arturo Falaschi	Montopoli in Val d'Arno
place of death	Henri François Pittier de Fabrega (August 13 1857, Bex, Switzerland - January 27 1950, Caracas, Venezuela) was a Swiss-born geographer and botanist.	Henri François Pittier	Caracas
place of death	Edward Oliver Essig ( 29 September 1884 Arcadia, Indiana - 23 November 1964, Lafayette, California) was an American entomologist who specialized in Hemiptera.	Edward Oliver Essig	Lafayette, California
place of death	Charles wrote almost nothing about mathematics, and most of what has been credited to him was due to mistaking him with another Jacques Charles, also a member of the Paris Academy of Sciences, entering on May 12, 1785.	Jacques Charles	Paris
place of death	Willem Hondius or Willem Hondt (ca. 1598 in The Hague -- 1652 or 1658 in Gdańsk) was a Dutch engraver, cartographer and painter who spent most of his life in Poland.	Willem Hondius	Gdańsk
place of death	Alice White (August 24, 1904, Paterson, New Jersey -- February 19, 1983, Los Angeles, California) was an American film actress.	Alice White	Los Angeles
place of death	Jacques Réattu (3 August 1760, Arles - 7 April 1833, Arles) was a French painter and winner of the grand prix de Rome.	Jacques Réattu	Arles
place of death	Henri Barbé (14 March 1902, Paris -- 24 May 1966, Paris) was a French Communist.	Henri Barbé	Paris
place of death	Debendranath Tagore was born to the Tagore family in Jorasanko, popularly known as Jorasanko Thakur Bari in North-western Kolkata, which was later converted into a campus of the Rabindra Bharati University.	Debendranath Tagore	Kolkata
place of death	Jorge Mayer (20 November 1915 -- 25 December 2010) was the Roman Catholic Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Bahía Blanca, Argentina from 1972 to 1991.	Jorge Mayer	Bahía Blanca
place of death	Peter Hänsel (born 29 November 1770 in Leppe, Silesia Province; d. 18 September 1831 in Vienna) was a German-Austrian violinist and classical composer of almost exclusively chamber music.	Peter Hänsel	Vienna
place of death	Martin Drolling (Oberhergheim, 1752 -- Paris, 1817, aka Drolling the Elder) was a French painter.	Martin Drolling	Paris
place of death	Gustav von Bunge (19 January 1844, Dorpat -- 5 November 1920, Basel) was a German physiologist known for work in the field of nutrition physiology.	Gustav von Bunge	Basel
place of death	Howard Brookner was born April 30, 1954 in New York City and grew up in Great Neck, Long Island.	Howard Brookner	New York City
place of death	Edoardo Mascheroni (born Milan, September 4, 1852 - died Valganna, March 4, 1941) was an Italian composer and conductor.	Edoardo Mascheroni	Valganna
place of death	Joe Curl (December 1, 1954 -- April 14, 2014) was an American women's basketball coach at the University of Houston.	Joe Curl	Houston
place of death	Alvin F. Waller (1808--1872) was an American missionary in Oregon Country and an early leader at Willamette University in Salem, Oregon.	Alvin F. Waller	Salem
place of death	Wilhelm Stählin (24 September 1883, Gunzenhausen, Bavaria - 16 December 1975, Prien am Chiemsee, Bavaria) was a German Lutheran theologian, bishop, preacher and one of the major initiators of the Liturgical Movement in German Protestantism in the 20th Century.	Wilhelm Stählin	Prien am Chiemsee
place of death	Macar Hacı Hasan Pasha (also known as Uzun Hasan Pasha (Hasan Pasha the Tall) or Macar Hasan Pasha (Hasan Pasha the Hungarian) or Hacı Hasan Pasha (Hajji Hasan Pasha) or Kazıkçı Macar Hacı Hasan Pasha; died 1768, Belgrade) was an Ottoman statesman and admiral.	Macar Hacı Hasan Pasha	Belgrade
place of death	Valentino Siani (c.1595--1672) was an Italian violinmaker who worked in Brescia and Florence.	Valentino Siani	Florence
place of death	Kalevi Kotkas (10 August 1913 in Tallinn -- 24 August 1983 in Vantaa) was a Finnish athlete, specializing in high jump, discus throw and shot put.	Kalevi Kotkas	Vantaa
place of death	Pierre Flotte or Pierre Flote (Languedoc, second half of the 13th century -- Kortrijk, July 11, 1302) was a French legalist, Chancellor and Keeper of the Seals of Philip IV the Fair.	Pierre Flotte	Kortrijk
place of death	Cosme Damián de Churruca y Elorza (Mutriku, 27 September 1761 -- Battle of Trafalgar, 21 October 1805) was a Basque Spanish noble, an Admiral of the Royal Spanish Armada, scientist and Mayor of Mutriku, who died at the Battle of Trafalgar while commanding the ship of the line San Juan Nepomuceno.	Cosme Damián de Churruca y Elorza	Battle of Trafalgar
place of death	Hans Hartmann-MacLean (born Hans Rudolf Hartmann; 20 May 1862 in Dresden -- 28 December 1946 in Dresden) was a German sculptor.	Hans Hartmann-MacLean	Dresden
place of death	Paul Petiet (24 July 1770 in Châtillon-sur-Seine -- 20 December 1849 in Limoux) was a French adjutant-general during the Napoleonic Wars.	Paul Petiet	Limoux
place of death	Steven Blankaart (24 October 1650, Middelburg -- 23 February 1704, Amsterdam), was a Dutch physician, Iatrochemist, and entomologist, who worked on the same field as Jan Swammerdam.	Steven Blankaart	Amsterdam
place of death	Cangrande II della Scala (8 June 1332 -- 14 December 1359) was Lord of Verona from 1351 until his death.	Cangrande II della Scala	Verona
place of death	František Sušil (14 June 1804 in Rousínov, Moravia - 31 May 1868 in Bystřice pod Hostýnem) was a Moravian Roman Catholic priest most noted for his published collection of traditional Moravian folk music, Moravské národní písně, which contained 2091 songs and 2361 texts.	František Sušil	Bystřice pod Hostýnem
place of death	Job Charnock (c. 1630--1692) was an employee and an administrator of the English East India Company, and traditionally regarded as the founder of the city of Calcutta, now Kolkata.	Job Charnock	Kolkata
place of death	William Gibson Sloan (4 September 1838 in Dalry, North Ayrshire, Scotland -- 4 September 1914 in Tórshavn, Faroe Islands), was a Plymouth Brethren evangelist to the Faroe Islands and Shetland.	William Gibson Sloan	Tórshavn
place of death	Cansignorio della Scala (5 March 1340 -- 19 October 1375) was Lord of Verona from 1359 until 1375, initially together with his brother Paolo Alboino.	Cansignorio della Scala	Verona
place of death	Walter Masing (born 22 June 1915 in Petrograd -- died 29 March 2004 in Erbach) was a German physicist and honorary president of the German Association for Quality.	Walter Masing	Erbach
place of death	Sibylle of Bavaria (16 June 1489 -- 18 April 1519 in Heidelberg) was a member of the House of Wittelsbach was a princess of Bavaria-Munich and by marriage Electress Palatine.	Sibylle of Bavaria	Heidelberg
place of death	Alceu Amoroso Lima (Petrópolis, December 11, 1893 -- Rio de Janeiro, August 14, 1983) was a writer, journalist, activist from Brazil and founder of the Brazilian Christian Democracy.	Alceu Amoroso Lima	Petrópolis
place of death	Leonhard Beck (c. 1480 -- 1542) was a painter and designer of woodcuts in Augsburg, Germany.	Leonhard Beck	Augsburg
place of death	Lon Nol fled from Cambodia to Indonesia and then to the United States; first settling in Hawaii and in 1979 in Fullerton, California.	Lon Nol	Fullerton
place of death	Erinnerungen aus den Jahren 1837, 1838 und 1839, 2 Bände, Frankfurt am Main, 1841 Felix Lichnowsky:	Felix Lichnowsky	Frankfurt
place of death	Fadil Paçrami (born Shkodër, May 25, 1922 -- died Tirana, January 16, 2008) was an Albanian politician, writer and playwright.	Fadil Paçrami	Tirana
place of death	Robert Pötzelberger (9 June 1856, Vienna -- 2 August 1930, Reichenau, Baden-Württemberg) was an Austrian painter, sculptor and lithographer.	Robert Pötzelberger	Reichenau
place of death	Johann Nobis (born 16 April 1899, St. Georgen bei Salzburg, Austria; died 6 January 1940, Plötzensee Prison, Berlin, Germany) was an Austrian conscientious objector.	Johann Nobis	Plötzensee Prison
place of death	Jules-Léopold Renouard (27 January 1833 -- 7 March 1910) was a stock broker, financier and banker from Paris.	Léopold Renouard	Paris
place of death	Jakub Ignacy Łaszczyński (24 July 1791--18 September 1865) was a Polish regional administrator who, between 1831 and 1837, held the post of President of Warsaw.	Jakub Ignacy Łaszczyński	Warsaw
position held	Edward Fitzsimmons Dunne (October 12, 1853 -- May 24, 1937) was an American politician who was the 24th Governor of Illinois from 1913 to 1917 and previously served as the 38th mayor of Chicago from April 5, 1905 to 1907.	Edward Fitzsimmons Dunne	Governor of Illinois
position held	Dan Dodd is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives who represented the 91st District from 2007 to 2010.	Dan Dodd	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Rajendrasinh Ghanshyamsinh Rana (born 22 May 1956) was a member of the Lok Sabha of India from 1996 to 2014.	Rajendrasinh Ghanshyamsinh Rana	member of the Lok Sabha
position held	Romanzo E. Davis (April 8, 1831 - October 31, 1908) was a farmer and merchant from Middleton, Wisconsin who served as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate from Dane County.	Romanzo E. Davis	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Simon-Pierre Saint-Hillien (July 6, 1951 -- July 22, 2015) was a Roman Catholic bishop.	Simon-Pierre Saint-Hillien	bishop
position held	Orso Ipato (Latin Ursus) was the third traditional Doge of Venice (726--737) and the first historically known.	Orso Ipato	Doge of Venice
position held	Bonaventure Giffard (1642--1734) was a Roman Catholic bishop who served as the Vicar Apostolic of the Midland District of England from 1687 to 1703 and Vicar Apostolic of the London District of England from 1703 to 1734.	Bonaventure Giffard	Catholic bishop
position held	Nestor Assogba (born February 21, 1929 in Abomey) is a retired Beninese Roman Catholic archbishop.	Nestor Assogba	archbishop
position held	Liam Cosgrave (born 13 April 1920) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician who served as Taoiseach (1973--77) and as Leader of Fine Gael (1965--77).	Liam Cosgrave	Taoiseach	Leader of Fine Gael
position held	Joseph McIlvaine (October 2, 1769 -- August 19, 1826) was a United States Senator from New Jersey from 1823 until his death.	Joseph McIlvaine	United States Senator
position held	Eusebio Ayala (August 14, 1875 -- June 4, 1942) was President of Paraguay from 7 November 1921 to 12 April 1923 and again from 15 August 1932 to 17 February 1936.	Eusebio Ayala	President of Paraguay
position held	Teophilus Seremi (also spelled Szeremi; died July 1697) was an Orthodox bishop and metropolitan of Bălgrad (of Transylvania) between 1692 and 1697.	Teophilus Seremi	bishop
position held	Mohammed Abdul Khalek Hassouna (Arabic: محمد عبد الخالق حسونة‎) (October 28, 1898 -- January 20, 1992) was an Egyptian diplomat who served as the second Secretary-General of the Arab League from 1952 to 1972.	Abdul Khalek Hassouna	Secretary-General of the Arab League
position held	Rémi Gaulin (30 June 1787 -- 8 May 1857) was a Roman Catholic priest and bishop who spent time in the service of Bishop Joseph-Octave Plessis.	Rémi Gaulin	bishop
position held	Maryon Pittman Allen (born November 30, 1925) is an American journalist who served as United States Senator from Alabama for five months in 1978, after her husband, Senator James B. Allen, died in office.	Maryon Pittman Allen	United States Senator
position held	Littleton Waller Tazewell (December 17, 1774 -- May 6, 1860) was a U.S. Representative, U.S. Senator from and the 26th Governor of Virginia.	Littleton Waller Tazewell	Governor of Virginia
position held	Christopher Del Sesto (March 10, 1907 -- December 23, 1973) was a United States politician and a member of the Republican Party, who served as 64th Governor of Rhode Island.	Christopher Del Sesto	Governor of Rhode Island
position held	Bernardo Navagero (Venice 1507- Verona 1565) was a Venetian ambassador and a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Bernardo Navagero	ambassador	cardinal
position held	Lieutenant General Sir Henry Pottinger, 1st Baronet, GCB, PC (Chinese: 砵甸乍; 3 October 1789 -- 18 March 1856), was an Anglo-Irish soldier and colonial administrator who became the first Governor of Hong Kong.	Henry Pottinger	Governor of Hong Kong
position held	Lucius Calpurnius Piso (also known to contemporaries as Lucius Calpurnius Piso the Augur) (died AD 24) was a Roman senator who was appointed Roman consul in 1 BC, and an augur.	Lucius Calpurnius Piso the Augur	Roman consul
position held	Fernando de Toledo Oropesa (1520--1590) was a Spanish Roman Catholic priest who was made a cardinal but who refused the honor.	Fernando de Toledo Oropesa	cardinal
position held	Basil of Amasea (Basileus or Basilius) was a fourth-century Christian bishop and martyr.	Basil of Amasea	bishop
position held	Jaime de Casanova (died 1504) (called Cardinal Casanova) was a Spanish Roman Catholic cardinal.	Jaime de Casanova	cardinal
position held	Pierre de Langle (6 March 1643, Evreux- 12 April 1724, Boulogne-Sur-Mer) was a French bishop and Jansenist theologian.	Pierre de Langle	bishop
position held	Edward Henry Durell (July 14, 1810 -- March 29, 1887) was the 25th mayor of New Orleans, and later a United States federal judge.	Edward Henry Durell	mayor of New Orleans
position held	Louis Payette (25 December 1854 -- 19 March 1932) was a Canadian construction contractor and politician, the Mayor of Montreal, Quebec between 1908 and 1910.	Louis Payette	Mayor of Montreal
position held	Peter of Aquila, O.F.M., (Scotellus) (d. 1361) was an Italian Friar Minor, theologian and bishop.	Peter of Aquila	bishop
position held	Pierre Bürcher (born on December 20, 1945 in Fiesch, Switzerland) is a Swiss prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, he was bishop of Diocese of Reykjavík, Iceland.	Pierre Bürcher	bishop
position held	Devji M Patel is a member of the Lok Sabha, which is the lower house of parliament of India.	Devji M Patel	member of the Lok Sabha
position held	William Meade Fishback (November 5, 1831 -- February 9, 1903) was the 17th Governor of Arkansas and U.S. Senator-Elect for Arkansas.	William Meade Fishback	Governor of Arkansas
position held	Isaac Coleman Lindsey, known as Coleman Lindsey (October 2, 1892 -- November 15, 1968), was a Democratic member of the Louisiana State Senate, a district judge, and from 1939 to 1940, the lieutenant governor under Governor Earl Kemp Long.	Coleman Lindsey	member of the Louisiana State Senate
position held	Alessandro Cesarini (died February 13, 1542), bishop of Pistoia, was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Alessandro Cesarini	cardinal
position held	Frank Pace, Jr. (July 5, 1912 -- January 8, 1988) was the 3rd United States Secretary of the Army and a business executive.	Frank Pace	United States Secretary of the Army
position held	General Sir Reginald Alexander Dallas Brooks GCMG KCB KCVO DSO KStJ (22 August 1896 -- 22 March 1966) was a British military commander who went on to become the 19th and longest-serving Governor of Victoria, Australia.	Dallas Brooks	Governor of Victoria
position held	Gaius Flaminius Nepos was a politician and consul of the Roman Republic in the 3rd century BC. He was the greatest popular leader to challenge the authority of the Senate prior to the Gracchi a century later.	Gaius Flaminius Nepos	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	DeWitt Clinton (March 2, 1769 -- February 11, 1828) was an American politician and naturalist who served as a United States Senator and was the sixth Governor of New York.	DeWitt Clinton	United States Senator	Governor of New York
position held	Farzad Nazem (Persian: فرزاد ناظم‎) (born 1961), also known as Zod Nazem, was Yahoo!'s chief technology officer and one of its longest-serving executives.	Farzad Nazem	chief technology officer
position held	William Livingston (November 30, 1723 -- July 25, 1790) served as the Governor of New Jersey (1776--1790) during the American Revolutionary War and was a signer of the United States Constitution.	William Livingston	Governor of New Jersey
position held	Pablo Abeita (1871--1940) was the governor of Isleta Pueblo in New Mexico, United States, during the decades that Father Anton Docher, known as ``The Padre of Isleta,'' served there.	Pablo Abeita	governor
position held	Roy Clyde Clark (July 24, 1920 - May 27, 2014) is a retired American bishop of the United Methodist Church, elected in 1980.	Roy Clyde Clark	bishop
position held	Varyon Cullie Shannon, known as V. C. Shannon (May 2, 1910 - June 1, 1989), was a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Shreveport in Caddo Parish in northwestern Louisiana.	V. C. Shannon	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	John Kemp (c. 1380 -- 22 March 1454) was a medieval English cardinal, Archbishop of Canterbury, and Lord Chancellor of England.	John Kemp	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	John Alan Berthelot, known as Johnny Berthelot (born November 1951), is a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 88, based in his hometown of Gonzales in eastern Ascension Parish near Baton Rouge, Louisiana.	Johnny Berthelot	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	José de la Cruz Porfirio Díaz Mori (Spanish pronunciation: (porˈfiɾjo ði.as); 15 September 1830 -- 2 July 1915) was a Mexican soldier and politician, who served seven terms as President of Mexico; a total of three and a half decades from 1876 to 1911.	Porfirio Díaz	President of Mexico
position held	Emmanuel Marie Louis de Noailles, marquis de Noailles (1743--1822) was a French diplomat and ambassador to Hamburg from 1768 to 1770, to Amsterdam from 1770 to 1776, to London 1776--1783, and to Vienna 1783--1792.	Emmanuel Marie Louis de Noailles	ambassador
position held	Abuzed Omar Dorda (Arabic: أبو زيد عمر دوردة‎) (born 4 April 1944) was General Secretary of the People's Committee (Prime Minister) of Libya from 7 October 1990 to 29 January 1994, and as Libya's Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 1997 to 2003.	Abuzed Omar Dorda	Prime Minister) of Libya
position held	Nebka is the birth name of an Ancient Egyptian king (pharaoh) who ruled during the 3rd dynasty of the Old Kingdom.	Nebka	pharaoh
position held	James Anthony Goolsby, known as Tony Goolsby (born November 9, 1933), is a businessman in Dallas, Texas, who was from 1993 to 2009 a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 102 in northeastern Dallas County.	Tony Goolsby	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Giovanni Francesco Ugolini was a Captain Regent of San Marino together with Andrea Zafferani for the semester from 1 October 2010 to 1 April 2011.	Giovanni Francesco Ugolini	Captain Regent of San Marino
position held	Thomas Joseph Byrnes (11 November 1860 -- 27 September 1898) was Premier of Queensland from April 1898 until his death in October of the same year, having previously served in several ministerial positions in his parliamentary career.	Thomas Joseph Byrnes	Premier of Queensland
position held	Dee Dee Myers (born Margaret Jane Myers, September 1, 1961), a political analyst, was the White House Press Secretary during the first two years of the Clinton administration, from January 1993 to December 1994.	Dee Dee Myers	White House Press Secretary
position held	Frederick Holbrook (February 15, 1813 -- April 28, 1909) was an agriculturist, politician, and the 27th Governor of Vermont.	Frederick Holbrook	Governor of Vermont
position held	Ahmet Davutoğlu (Turkish pronunciation: (ahˈmet daˈvutoːɫu); born 26 February 1959) is a Turkish academic, politician and former diplomat who has been the Prime Minister of Turkey since 28 August 2014 and the leader of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) since 27 August 2014.	Ahmet Davutoğlu	Prime Minister of Turkey
position held	Antonio Parkinson (born in Oakland, California) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Tennessee House of Representatives representing District 98 since his special election March 8, 2011 following the death of Representative Ulysses Jones, Jr.	Antonio Parkinson	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	James H. Meyer, known as 'Jim' Meyer, was a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 48th district from 1993 until his retirement at the end of his term in January 2009.	James H. Meyer	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Carla Blanchard Dartez (born 1965) is a Democratic former member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 51 (Assumption, St. Mary, and Terrebonne parishes).	Carla Blanchard Dartez	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Markijan Trofimiak (born April 16, 1947 in Kozova, Ukraine) is a Roman Catholic bishop, Auxiliary Bishop of Lviv in 1991-1998 and diocesan Bishop of Lutsk in 1998-2012.	Markijan Trofimiak	bishop
position held	Samuel Bell (February 9, 1770 -- December 23, 1850) was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 14th Governor of New Hampshire from 1819 to 1823, and as the United States Senator for New Hampshire from 1823 to 1835.	Samuel Bell	Governor of New Hampshire	United States Senator
position held	Matthias Mawson (1683--1770) was an English churchman and academic, Master of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, Bishop of Llandaff, Bishop of Chichester, and Bishop of Ely.	Matthias Mawson	Bishop of Llandaff	Bishop of Chichester	Bishop of Ely
position played on team / speciality	Torin Ferguson (born 29 July 1985 in the Bahamas) is a footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Torin Ferguson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Leandra Smeda (pronounced Schmeda) is a South African women's footballer and plays as a winger.	Leandra Smeda	winger
position played on team / speciality	Rick Carriere (born March 14, 1959) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman.	Rick Carriere	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Jack Blackwell (28 October 1909 -- 25 October 2001) was an English footballer who played at inside-forward for Huddersfield Town, Charlton Athletic, Port Vale, Boston United, Ipswich Town, and Bridlington Town.	Jack Blackwell	forward
position played on team / speciality	Zoltán Péter (born 23 March 1958 in Zalaistvánd, Hungary) is a retired Hungarian football defender who played for Zalaegerszegi and First Vienna.	Zoltán Péter	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alex Peterson (born 17 October 1994) is an English footballer who currently plays as a centre forward for non-league side Scarborough Athletic.	Alex Peterson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Cephas Chimedza (born 5 December 1984) is a Zimbabwean footballer who can play in a number of positions, (left back, holding midfielder, attacking midfielder and left side midfield.)	Cephas Chimedza	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pietro Broccini (2 January 1928, in Portovenere, La Spezia -- 2 September 2006, in Sanremo, Imperia) was an Italian football (soccer) player in the midfielder role.	Pietro Broccini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ante Ćorić (born 14 April 1997) is a Croatian footballer playing for Dinamo Zagreb in the Prva HNL as a midfielder.	Ante Ćorić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zdravko Brkljačić (born 22 May 1936) is a former Croatian football goalkeeper who played in several clubs in Yugoslavia, Austria and Belgium.	Zdravko Brkljačić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rafael Salvador Salguero González (born 10 August 1951 in Lima, Peru) is a retired Peruvian professional football defender.	Salvador Salguero	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Jozić (Serbian Cyrillic: Hикoлa Joзић ; born 29 September 1982 in Ludwigshafen) is German born Serbian football defender.	Nikola Jozić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anders Grimberg is a Swedish football manager and former player who played as a forward.	Anders Grimberg	forward
position played on team / speciality	Heather Mitts Feeley (born June 9, 1978), née Heather Blaine Mitts, is an American former professional soccer defender.	Heather Mitts	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Luis Campos Velázquez (born 11 August 1970 in Asunción) is a former Paraguayan footballer, who played as a midfielder or upfront.	Jorge Luis Campos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Fajardo Martínez (born 5 September 1989) is a Costa Rican football defender who currently plays at Santos de Guápiles.	Kevin Fajardo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kelvin Garmon (born October 26, 1976) is a former American football offensive guard in the National Football League.	Kelvin Garmon	guard
position played on team / speciality	Martin Stefanov (Bulgarian: Мартин Стефанов) (born 25 April 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays as a forward for Sportist Svoge.	Martin Stefanov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jacques LaDouceur (born April 29, 1959 in Port-au-Prince, Haiti) is a retired Haitian-American soccer forward.	Jacques LaDouceur	forward
position played on team / speciality	Echendu Adiele (17 November 1978 -- 18 June 2011) was a Nigerian professional footballer who played as a central defender.	Echendu Adiele	defender
position played on team / speciality	Carsten Ramelow (German pronunciation: (ˈkaʁstən ˈʁamɛlo); born 20 March 1974) is a retired German footballer who played as either a central defender or a defensive midfielder.	Carsten Ramelow	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stan Keery (9 September 1931 -- 7 March 2013) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half.	Stan Keery	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Nguyễn Thanh Bình (born 11 August 1987) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for V-League club SHB Đà Nẵng and the Vietnamese internationals.	Nguyễn Thanh Bình	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mal Roche (born in Coventry) is a retired English football (soccer) forward who played seven seasons in the American Soccer League and at least one in the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Mal Roche	forward
position played on team / speciality	Antal Szabó (4 September 1910 in Soroksár -- 18 April 1972 in Nürtingen, West Germany) was a Hungarian goalkeeper who played in the 1930s.	Antal Szabó	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ewandro Felipe de Lima Costa (born 15 March 1996), known as Ewandro, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Atlético Paranaense, on loan from São Paulo FC as a forward.	Ewandro	forward
position played on team / speciality	Huỳnh Quang Thanh (born on October 10, 1984 in Hồ Chí Minh City, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese footballer who is a defender for Becamex Bình Dương.	Huỳnh Quang Thanh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Arne Kotte (20 March 1935 -- 8 July 2015) was a Norwegian footballer who played as a forward.	Arne Kotte	forward
position played on team / speciality	Paulo Rinaldo Cruzado Durand (born 21 September 1984 in Lima) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Peruvian Torneo Descentralizado club Club Deportivo Universidad César Vallejo and the Peruvian national team.	Rinaldo Cruzado	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christophe Lestrade (born October 27, 1969 in Bordeaux, France) is a former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Christophe Lestrade	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Per Johan Sjöberg (born 14 November 1980 in Borås) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a defender.	Johan Sjöberg	defender
position played on team / speciality	Joseph Leonard Gilles Lupien (born April 20, 1954 in Lachute, Quebec and raised in Brownsburg, Quebec) is a sports agent and retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman.	Gilles Lupien	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Zoran Banović (Cyrillic: Зоран Бановић, born 14 October 1977) is a former Montenegrin football goalkeeper.	Zoran Banović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kostyantyn Odolskyi (Ukrainian: Костянтин Володимирович Одольський; born 5 January 1989 in Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper played in the professional Ukrainian Premier League club Metalurh Donetsk.	Kostyantyn Odolskyi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Peter Arnautoff (born December 29, 1951) was an American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.	Peter Arnautoff	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jonathan Vosselman (born June 14, 1984 in Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a professional football defender who currently is without a club.	Jonathan Vosselman	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alexander Sudnitsin (born November 21, 1987) is a Russian ice hockey goaltender, who currently plays for Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Alexander Sudnitsin	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Ēriks Raisters (26 November 1913 -- 25 May 1942) was a Latvian right-wing football forward who played 27 international matches for Latvia between 1934 and 1940.	Ēriks Raisters	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jacques-Alaixys Romao (born 18 January 1984), commonly known as Alaixys Romao, is a French-born Togolese football midfielder, who plays for Marseille in the Ligue 1.	Alaixys Romao	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Larios Iwasaki (born July 31, 1960) was a football goalkeeper from Mexico.	Pablo Larios	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giuseppe Pugliese (born 4 November 1983) is an Italian footballer who plays for Cittadella as a defender.	Giuseppe Pugliese	defender
position played on team / speciality	January Zyambo (born September 9, 1980) is a Zambian international soccer forward who plays for KS Besa Kavaje in Albanian First Division.	January Zyambo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Stanislav Seman (born 6 August 1952 in Košice) is a former football goalkeeper from Czechoslovakia.	Stanislav Seman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Natalie Ross (born 14 September 1989) is a Scottish football midfielder who plays for Celtic and has represented Scotland at youth and senior level.	Natalie Ross	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Felipe Anderson Pereira Gomes (born 15 April 1993), commonly known as Felipe Anderson is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Italian side Lazio as an attacking midfielder.	Felipe Anderson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Virgile Reset (born 3 August 1985) is a French football midfielder, who currently plays for Sporting Toulon Var.	Virgile Reset	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gocha Jamarauli (Georgian: გოჩა ჯამარაული; born 23 July 1971) is a former Georgian football midfielder.	Gocha Jamarauli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Greg Sammons (born 31 December 1987) is an English rugby union hooker.	Greg Sammons	hooker
position played on team / speciality	Raphael Holzhauser (born 16 February 1993 in Wiener Neustadt) is an Austrian football midfielder who plays for Austria Wien.	Raphael Holzhauser	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	J. McAulay was a Scottish footballer who played as a forward.	J. McAulay	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jovan Stefanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Joвaн Cтeфaнoвић ;born February 5, 1984) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Jovan Stefanović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bennett Chenene (born 2 February 1984) is a South African footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier Soccer League club SuperSport United and South Africa.	Bennett Chenene	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Ovie (born June 2, 1978 in Lagos) is a former Nigerian football defender last playing for FC Lokomotiv Astana in the Kazakhstan Premier League since 2009.	Patrick Ovie	defender
position played on team / speciality	Brian Carolin (born 6 December 1939) was an English footballer who played as a wing half.	Brian Carolin	wing half
position played on team / speciality	David Lazari (born 30 April 1989 in Novo Horizonte) is a Brazilian football player, who plays as a attacking midfielder for Kuwaiti Premier League side Qadsia SC.	David Lazari	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Brent Belecki (born December 22, 1977 in Calgary, Alberta) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender who played in the Western Hockey League, East Coast Hockey League, Central Hockey League, United Hockey League, and American Hockey League.	Brent Belecki	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Armand Forcherio (born 1 March 1941) is a former Monégasque footballer, who played as a defender for AS Monaco from 1961 to 1972.	Armand Forcherio	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lukas Kiefer (born 25 April 1993) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1.	Lukas Kiefer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christophe Jeannet (born September 22, 1965 in France) is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Christophe Jeannet	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Muharrem Uz (born 10 December 1980) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for side Nigde Belediyespor.	Muharrem Uz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nawaf Al Humaidan (Arabic: نواف الحميدان‎, born 8 March 1981) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a midfielder for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Kazma.	Nawaf Al Humaidan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rich Reice is a retired American professional soccer forward who played in the North American Soccer League, Major Indoor Soccer League, American Soccer League and United Soccer League.	Rich Reice	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nuria Zufía Elizalde is a former Spanish football who played as a forward.	Nuria Zufía	forward
position played on team / speciality	Filip Pivkovski (born 31 January 1994) is a Swedish/Macedonian footballer who plays for Landskrona BoIS in Division 1 as a left winger.	Filip Pivkovski	winger
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Munguía Flores (born June 27, 1942) is a former Mexican football midfielder, who played for the Mexico national team between 1967 and 1971, gaining 44 caps.	Antonio Munguía	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nora Hamou Maamar is an Algerian international football midfielder, born and raised in France, who plays for Montpellier HSC.	Nora Hamou Maamar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fabiano Ribeiro de Freitas (born 29 February 1988), known simply as Fabiano, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Fenerbahçe SK on loan from FC Porto as a goalkeeper.	Fabiano Ribeiro de Freitas	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Willian Thiego de Jesus (born 22 July 1986 in Aracajú) known as William Thiego or simply Thiego, is a Brazilian central defender who plays for Chapecoense.	Thiego	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milan Badelj (pronounced (míːlan baːdêʎ); born 25 February 1989) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian Serie A club Fiorentina and for the Croatia national football team.	Milan Badelj	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luís Miguel Silva Mendonça (born 24 September 1991 in Porto da Cruz - Machico) simply Luís Miguel, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.S. Marítimo B as a midfielder.	Luís Miguel Silva Mendonça	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Baranka (born 19 May 1985) is a Slovak ice hockey defenceman currently playing with HC Slovan Bratislava in the KHL.	Ivan Baranka	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Yan Aung Kyaw (Burmese: ရန်အောင်ကျော်; born 4 August 1989) is a footballer from Burma, and a midfielder for the Myanmar national football team.	Yan Aung Kyaw	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Derick Brassard (born September 22, 1987) is a Canadian ice hockey player who currently plays as a centre for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Derick Brassard	centre
position played on team / speciality	Matthieu Ligoule (born 6 March 1983) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Orléans as a defensive midfielder.	Matthieu Ligoule	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joachim Standfest (born 30 May 1980) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder / defender for Wolfsberger AC in the Austrian First League.	Joachim Standfest	defender
position played on team / speciality	Randy Garber is a former U.S. soccer midfielder who played four seasons in the North American Soccer League and two seasons in the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Randy Garber	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stéphane Sparagna (born 17 February 1995) is a French footballer who predominantly plays as a defender for Ligue 1 club Marseille and the France U21 national football team.	Stéphane Sparagna	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mahamoudou Kéré (born 2 January 1982 in Ouagadougou) is a Burkinabé football Central defender.	Mahamoudou Kéré	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jassem Al-Hamdan (Arabic: جاسم الحمدان‎; born October 9, 1986 ) is a Saudi football player who plays a forward for Hajer.	Jassem Al-Hamdan	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mohammed Ali Karim (Arabic: محمد علي كريم‎) (born June 25, 1986 in Iraq) is an Iraqi football defender.	Mohammed Ali Karim	defender
position played on team / speciality	Wander Luiz Bitencourt Junior or simply Wander Luiz (born May 30, 1987 in Lamim), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an defensive midfielder.	Wander Luiz Bitencourt Junior	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Asier Garitano Aguirrezábal (born 6 December 1969 in Bergara, Basque Country) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward, and the current coach of CD Leganés.	Asier Garitano	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alexandre Lacazette (French pronunciation: ​(alɛksɑ̃dʁ lakazɛt); born 28 May 1991) is a French footballer who plays as a forward for French club Lyon and the France national team.	Alexandre Lacazette	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nicky Spooner (born 5 June 1971) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender and midfielder.	Nicky Spooner	defender
position played on team / speciality	Abbas Nshimirimana (born 19 May 1998) is a Burundian professional footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Bujumbura City F.C..	Abbas Nshimirimana	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sven Butenschön (born March 22, 1976) is a German-Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who has spent parts of eight seasons in the National Hockey League.	Sven Butenschön	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Rhys Day (born 31 August 1982) is a Welsh professional footballer who last played as a central defender for Conference North side Hyde.	Rhys Day	defender
position played on team / speciality	Peter Tilley (13 January 1930 -- 11 August 2008) was a Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a wing half.	Peter Tilley	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Danilo Pustinjaković (Serbian Cyrillic: Дaнило Пустињаковић; born March 12, 1977 in Zrenjanin) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who currently for Dolina Padina.	Danilo Pustinjaković	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dieudonné Yarga (born February 24, 1986) is a Burkinabé football player who currently plays for ASFA Yennega as a goalkeeper.	Dieudonné Yarga	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Bouchalakis (Greek: Ανδρέας Μπουχαλάκης, born 5 April 1993) is a Greek footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Superleague Greece club Olympiacos.	Andreas Bouchalakis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carla Guerrero (born 23 December 1987) is a Chilean footballer who plays as a defender for Colo Colo.	Carla Guerrero	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohamad Omar Hemidi (Arabic: محمد عمر حميدي‎, born 1 May 1986 in Aleppo, Syria) is a Syrian footballer who plays as a defender for Al-Jaish, which competes in the Syrian Premier League the top division in Syria and is currently a member of the Syria national football team.	Omar Hemidi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nikos Sarganis (born 13 January 1954) is a Greek retired football goalkeeper.	Nikos Sarganis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rogerio Pinheiro Dos Santos, known as Rogério Pinheiro in the K-League, (born: April 21, 1972) is a former Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender.	Rogério Pinheiro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mihai Panc (born 7 April 1981 in Reșița) is a Romanian football defender who currently is a Free Agent.	Mihai Panc	defender
position played on team / speciality	W. Lamont was a Scottish footballer who played as a right winger.	W. Lamont	winger
position played on team / speciality	Charles Richard Gough (born in Stockholm, Sweden, 5 April 1962) is a former Scottish football defender.	Richard Gough	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Campano Franco (born 1 June 1987 in Badajoz), aka Sota, is a Spanish footballer who plays as a midfielder (winger or playmaker).	Sergio Campano Franco	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wolfgang Knaller (born 9 October 1961), is an Austrian football goalkeeper, who played mostly for Admira Wacker and Austria Wien.	Wolfgang Knaller	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Saulius Atmanavičius (born 8 February 1970) is a retired Lithuanian football defender, who last played for Rodovitas Klaipėda during his professional career.	Saulius Atmanavičius	defender
position played on team / speciality	Filiz İşikırık (born August 20, 1993 in Siverek, Şanlıurfa, Turkey) is a Turkish women's football forward currently playing in the Turkish Women's Third Football League for Iğdır Spor with jersey number 9.	Filiz İşikırık	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Amine Aoudia (Arabic: محمد أمين عودية‎) (born June 6, 1987) is an Algerian footballer who plays as a forward for Algerien Ligue 1 club USM Alger, on loan from FSV Frankfurt.	Mohamed Amine Aoudia	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dewi Morris (born 9 February 1964) is a former rugby union footballer, who played scrum half for England.	Dewi Morris	scrum half
position played on team / speciality	Asen Nikolov (Bulgarian: Асен Николов; born 5 August 1976 in Plovdiv), nicknamed Bebeto (Бебето), is a Bulgarian footballer playing as an attacking midfielder.	Asen Nikolov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Johannes Nordström (born 23 January 1993) is a Finnish footballer, currently playing as a defender at FC Åland.	Johannes Nordström	defender
position played on team / speciality	Thomas von Heesen (born 1 October 1961) is a former German football attacking midfielder, and a current coach.	Thomas von Heesen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alessandro Orlando (born June 1, 1970 in Udine) is a retired Italian professional football player, who played a defender.	Alessandro Orlando	defender
position played on team / speciality	Maja Krantz (born 27 March 1987) is a Swedish football defender playing for English FA WSL club Notts County.	Maja Krantz	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Shyshkin born 16 September 1983 in Magdeburg, GDR, (now Germany), is a Ukrainian football midfielder currently playing for PFC Sevastopol.	Ivan Shyshkin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Miguel Ángel Loayza Ríos (born 21 June 1940 in Lima) is a retired football midfielder from Peru.	Miguel Ángel Loayza	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pavel Londak (born 14 May 1980) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper the Estonia national football team.	Pavel Londak	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Godwin Okpara (born September 20, 1972 in Obaku, Imo) is a former football defender.	Godwin Okpara	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andrew Mwesigwa (born 24 April 1984) is a Ugandan international footballer who last played for KTFF Süper Lig side Yenicami Ağdelen, as a defender.	Andrew Mwesigwa	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zheng Kaimu (Chinese: 郑凯木; pinyin: Zhèng Kǎimǔ; born January 28, 1992) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a defender or defensive midfielder for Shanghai Shenhua in the Chinese Super League.	Zheng Kaimu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Thabo Mngomeni (born 24 June 1969, Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African former football (soccer) midfielder.	Thabo Mngomeni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alan Humphreys (born Chester, England, 18 November 1939) is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Shrewsbury Town, Leeds United, Mansfield Town and Chesterfield in the 1950s and 1960s.	Alan Humphreys	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Haydn Morgan (born 30 July 1936) was a Welsh international flanker who played club rugby for Abertillery.	Haydn Morgan	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Frank Halai (born 6 March 1988) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a wing.	Frank Halai	wing
position played on team / speciality	Anette Hansson (born 2 May 1963) is a Swedish former football defender who won 39 caps for the Sweden women's national football team, scoring three goals.	Anette Hansson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Conor Powell (born 26 August 1987 in Dublin) is an Irish footballer who plays as a defender for League of Ireland Premier Division side Longford Town.	Conor Powell	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jeremy Duchesne (born October 17, 1986) is an American-born Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who plays for the Saint-Georges Cool FM 103.5 of the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey (LNAH).	Jeremy Duchesne	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Helen Björk (born 9 July 1965, as Helen Johansson) is a Swedish former association football forward who won 88 caps and scored 23 goals for the Sweden women's national football team.	Helen Johansson	forward
position played on team / speciality	John Ryan Murphy (born May 13, 1991), also known as J. R. Murphy is an American professional baseball catcher for the Minnesota Twins of Major League Baseball (MLB).	John Ryan Murphy	catcher
present in work	Brienne of Tarth is a fictional character in George R. R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels.	Brienne of Tarth	A Song of Ice and Fire
present in work	Chris Keller is a fictional character on the HBO series Oz, portrayed by Christopher Meloni from 1998 to 2003.	Chris Keller	Oz
present in work	Lemuel Gulliver (/ˈɡʌlɪvər/) is the fictional protagonist and narrator of Gulliver's Travels, a novel written by Jonathan Swift, first published in 1726.	Lemuel Gulliver	Gulliver's Travels
present in work	Severus Snape is a fictional character in J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series.	Severus Snape	Harry Potter
present in work	The Graboid is a fictional species of sandworm that acts as the primary antagonist of the Tremors franchise.	Graboid	Tremors
present in work	The Girls of Old Town are fictional characters in Frank Miller's Sin City.	The Girls of Old Town	Sin City
present in work	The Firecons are a group of three fictional Decepticons in the Transformers toyline.	Firecons	Transformers
present in work	Boxey is a fictional character from the original Battlestar Galactica television series portrayed by Noah Hathaway.	Boxey	Battlestar Galactica
present in work	Johnny Cage is a fictional character from the Mortal Kombat fighting game franchise.	Johnny Cage	Mortal Kombat
publication date	The End of Eden is a 1986 environmental documentary in which the South African filmmaker Rick Lomba (1950--1994) showed the rapid degradation of Africa's ecosystems.	The End of Eden	1986
publication date	Up in the Wind (Chinese: 等风来) is a 2013 Chinese romance-comedy film directed by Teng Huatao and starring Ni Ni and Jing Boran.	Up in the Wind	2013
publication date	Demonicus is a 2001 horror film from Full Moon Entertainment.	Demonicus	2001
publication date	The Sea Change is a 1998 British-Spanish comedy film directed by Michael Bray and starring Maryam d'Abo, Sean Chapman and Ray Winstone.	The Sea Change	1998
publication date	Marrying the Mafia IV (Hangul: 가문의 영광4 - 가문의 수난; hanja: 家門의 榮光4 - 家門 受難; RR: Gamunui Youngkwang 4 - Gamunui Sunan; MR: Kamunŭi yŏnggwang 4 - Kamunŭi Sunan) is a 2011 South Korean film and the fourth installment of Marrying the Mafia series.	Marrying the Mafia IV	2011
publication date	Days of Dreams (Serbian: Дани од снова, translit. Dani od snova) is a 1980 Yugoslav drama film directed by Vlatko Gilic.	Days of Dreams	1980
publication date	American Standoff is an American 2002 documentary film by Kristi Jacobson which documents much of a strike by the Teamsters against a package delivery company, Overnite Transportation (now a subsidiary of United Parcel Service).	American Standoff	2002
publication date	Rough House Rosie is a 1927 American silent romantic comedy film produced and released by Paramount Pictures and directed by Frank Strayer.	Rough House Rosie	1927
publication date	The Doll Squad is a 1973 low-budget action film Z movie by Feature-Faire that was later re-released under the title Seduce and Destroy.	The Doll Squad	1973
publication date	Chandraharam (Telugu: చంద్రహారం; (Tamil: சந்திரஹாரம்) is a 1954 bilingual Telugu/Tamil film directed by Kamalakara Kameswara Rao and produced by Vijaya Pictures.	Chandraharam	1954
publication date	Roald Amundsen's South Pole Journey (Norwegian: Roald Amundsens sydpolsferd) is a Norwegian documentary film that features Roald Amundsen's original footage from his South Pole expedition from 1910 to 1912.	Roald Amundsen's South Pole Journey	1912
publication date	12 in a Box is a 2007 Independent British comedy film written and directed by John McKenzie.	12 in a Box	2007
publication date	In 2008, a free online version of Clockwiser was released by the programmer responsible for the original DOS and Windows versions.	Clockwiser	2008
publication date	Denver, the Last Dinosaur is an American cartoon for children originally released in 1988 by World Events Productions.	Denver, the Last Dinosaur	1988
publication date	Chahoonga Main Tujhe is a 1993 Hindi-language Indian feature film produced by Asgar Hussain and directed by Kamal, starring Irfan Kamal and Niloo Kapoor in lead roles with Kiran Kumar and Kader Khan.	Chahoonga Main Tujhe	1993
publication date	Lezioni di violoncello con toccata e fuga is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana film.	Lezioni di violoncello con toccata e fuga	1976
publication date	First on the Moon (Russian: Первые на Луне, Pervye na Lune) is a 2005 Russian mockumentary about a fictional 1930s Soviet landing on the Moon.	First on the Moon	2005
publication date	This Old Cub is a documentary film which was released in 2004.	This Old Cub	2004
publication date	Arsho is a 2014 Punjabi language Indian romance film directed by Shapinder Pal Singh and produced by Dakssh Ajit Singh.	Arsho	2014
publication date	Bahaddur (Kannada: ಬಹದ್ದೂರ್) is a 2014 Indian Kannada language film directed by Chethan Kumar and produced by R. Srinivas.	Bahaddur	2014
publication date	Parting Glances is an American film shot in 1984 and released in 1986.	Parting Glances	1986
publication date	The Clerics (Indonesian: Sang Kiai) is a 2013 Indonesian drama film directed by Rako Prijanto.	The Clerics	2013
publication date	The General Died at Dawn is a 1936 American drama film that tells the story of a mercenary who meets a beautiful girl while trying to keep arms from getting to a vicious warlord in war-torn China.	The General Died at Dawn	1936
publication date	The 8th Plague is a 2006 low-budget American horror film starring DJ Perry, Leslie Ann Valenza, and Charles Edwin Powell and is directed by Franklin Guerrero Jr.	The 8th Plague	2006
publication date	Tall, Tan, and Terrific is a 1946 American film directed by Bud Pollard.	Tall, Tan, and Terrific	1946
publication date	The Motivation is a 2013 documentary film that premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival.	The Motivation	2013
publication date	Echo of a Dream (German: Verklungene Träume) is a 1930 German-Romanian musical film directed by Martin Berger.	Echo of a Dream	1930
publication date	A Cat, a Mouse and a Bell is a 1935 Color Rhapsodies film.	A Cat, a Mouse and a Bell	1935
publication date	An African Election is a 2011 documentary film about elections in Africa, directed by Jarreth and Kevin Merz.	An African Election	2011
publication date	Baffled! is a 1973 television movie intended as a pilot for a television series.	Baffled!	1973
publication date	Hers to Hold is a 1943 American musical comedy film and is the third film in the unofficial Three Smart Girls trilogy.	Hers to Hold	1943
publication date	Bill's Tomato Game is a 1992 puzzle, platform computer game for the Atari ST and Amiga.	Bill's Tomato Game	1992
publication date	Namets! is a 2008 Filipino independent film directed by Jay Abello.	Namets!	2008
publication date	Jane and the Lost City was a 1987 UK film, based on the British newspaper strip Jane by Norman Pett.	Jane and the Lost City	1987
publication date	Police Police is a 2010 Telugu buddy cop film directed by Manmohan and produced by Chandu.	Police Police	2010
publication date	Double Game, also known as Violent Turin (in original Italian, Torino violenta), is a 1977 poliziotteschi film.	Double Game	1977
publication date	BattleGround: 21 Days on the Empire's Edge was released in 2004, and received the Silver Hugo Award for documentaries at the 2004 Chicago International Film Festival.	BattleGround: 21 Days on the Empire's Edge	2004
publication date	Goshta Choti Dongraevadhi(गोष्ट छोटी डोंगराएवढी) is a Marathi film, released in 2009.	Goshta Choti Dongraevadhi	2009
publication date	Once Upon a Holiday is a 2015 American/Canadian holiday romantic comedy directed by James Head and starring Briana Evigan, Paul Campbell, and Greg Evigan.	Once Upon a Holiday	2015
publication date	Rabbit of Seville is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon short released in 1950.	Rabbit of Seville	1950
publication date	Morning Light is a 2008 film directed by Mark Monroe and executive produced by Roy E. Disney.	Morning Light	2008
publication date	The Class of '92 is a 2013 British documentary film, released on 1 December 2013.	The Class of '92	2013
publication date	The Magnificent Seven Ride (also known as The Magnificent Seven 4) is a 1972 western film and is the third and last sequel of the 1960 western, The Magnificent Seven.	The Magnificent Seven Ride	1972
publication date	Gowri Ganda (Kannada: ಗೌರಿ ಗಂಡ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by Sundara Rao Nadakarni.	Gowri Ganda	1968
publication date	The Mysterious Edge of the Heroic World (2007) is a middle-age or young-adult novel by E.L. Konigsburg.	The Mysterious Edge of the Heroic World	2007
publication date	Swat the Fly is a 1935 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop and Pudgy the Puppy.	Swat the Fly	1935
publication date	Vijetha Vikram (Telugu: విజేత విక్రమ్) is a 1987 Tollywood film directed by S S Ravichandran and produced by T.Tirupathi Reddy on Samyutha Arts.	Vijetha Vikram	1987
publication date	Tomorrow My Love (Danish: I morgen, min elskede) is a 1971 Danish drama film directed by Finn Karlsson and starring Lykke Nielsen.	Tomorrow My Love	1971
publication date	Tweet Tweet Tweety is a 1951 Looney Tunes (reissued as a 1960 Blue Ribbon Merrie Melodies) animated short featuring Sylvester and Tweety.	Tweet Tweet Tweety	1951
publication date	Kulir 100° (English: Cold 100°) is a Tamil film released in 2009 and directed by Anita Udeep.	Kulir 100°	2009
publication date	Commodore Force rated Fun School 2 for Under 6 Years as #43, Fun School 2 Ages 6--8 as #36 and Fun School 2 Over 8 Years as #10 rankings of the top 100 Commodore 64 games of 1993.	Fun School	1993
publication date	Jacques and November (French: Jacques et novembre) is a 1984 Canadian drama film directed by Jean Beaudry and François Bouvier.	Jacques and November	1984
publication date	Goyenda Gogol (or Goenda Gogol; English: Detective Gogol, Bengali: গোয়েন্দা গোগোল) is a 2013 Bengali film, directed by Arindam Dey and produced by Supratik Ghosh under the banner of Ishani Films.	Goyenda Gogol	2013
publication date	Wettermark is a fictional crime novel written by American novelist Elliott Chaze, published by Scribner, New York in 1969.	Wettermark	1969
publication date	Tear This Heart Out (Spanish: Arráncame la vida) is a 2008 Mexican film directed by Roberto Sneider based on the novel of the same name by Ángeles Mastretta.	Tear This Heart Out	2008
publication date	2 Little, 2 Late is a 1999 film produced by Deadpool Pictures that tells the stories of different students at a local high school and how they dealt with the situations that arose after racial tensions erupted.	2 Little, 2 Late	1999
publication date	Folkmusik för folk som inte kan bete sig som folk is an album by bob hund, released in 2009.	Folkmusik för folk som inte kan bete sig som folk	2009
publication date	Azhakulla Saleena (Malayalam: അഴകുള്ള സെലീന) is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film based on the novel of the same name by Muttathu Varkey, directed by KS Sethumadhavan and produced by KSR Moorthy.	Azhakulla Saleena	1973
publication date	Third Contact is a 2012 British psychological thriller film written and directed by Simon Horrocks.	Third Contact	2012
publication date	Originally a Johan and Peewit adventure, The Smurfs and the Magic Flute was adapted into an animated film in 1976 in Europe, with considerable success.	Johan and Peewit	1976
publication date	Black & White & Sex is a 2011 feature film produced by Melissa Beauford.	Black & White & Sex	2011
publication date	Girl from Hanoi (Vietnamese: Em be ha noi) is a 1975 Vietnamese drama film directed by Hai Ninh.	Girl from Hanoi	1975
publication date	Franklin's Magic Christmas was the second Franklin movie, released direct-to-video and DVD in 2001.	Franklin's Magic Christmas	2001
publication date	Miss Gold Digger (Hangul: 용의주도 미스 신; RR: Yonguijudo Miseu Sin; lit. ``Prudent/Careful Miss Shin'') is a 2007 South Korean romantic comedy film.	Miss Gold Digger	2007
publication date	The Orchard End Murder is a 1980 British short thriller film by Marnham & Harvey Productions.	The Orchard End Murder	1980
publication date	Die-ner (Get It?) (also known as Kentucky Fried Zombies) is a 2009 American zombie comedy directed and written by Patrick Horvath.	Die-ner (Get It?)	2009
publication date	Clancy's Kitchen is a 1996 gay-themed film directed by Duncan Roy and starring Mark Aiken, Indira Varma, and Rocky Marshall.	Clancy's Kitchen	1996
publication date	Asli-Naqli (English: Real And Fake) is a 1962 Hindi movie produced by L.B Lachman and L.B Thakur.	Asli-Naqli	1962
publication date	Big Time Beach Party is a 2011 made-for-television film and the fourth film of the series film franchise of the Nickelodeon television series, Big Time Rush.	Big Time Beach Party	2011
publication date	Best SF: 1968 (also known as The Year's Best Science Fiction No. 2) is the second on a series of annual anthologies of science fiction stories edited by Harry Harrison and Brian W. Aldiss, first published in a British edition in January 1969 by Sphere Books.	Best SF: 1968	1969
publication date	Married to the Enemy is a 2006 Nigerian drama film directed Willie Adah Ajenge.The film has bean produced by Andy K. Nwawulhe.	Married to the Enemy	2006
publication date	Banwra is 1950 Bollywood film directed by G. Rakesh, pseudonym of Raghupat Roy Kapur, grandfather of actor Aditya Roy Kapoor.	Banwra	1950
publication date	Blood Thirst was filmed in the 1965 but not released until 1971 in the USA, where it mostly played the grindhouse circuit.	Blood Thirst	1965
publication date	Rainbow Walker is a color-changing action game designed by Steve Coleman for the Atari 8-bit computers and published by Synapse Software in 1983.	Rainbow Walker	1983
publication date	Her Private Hell is a 1968 British sexploitation film.	Her Private Hell	1968
publication date	Storm over Mont Blanc premiered in Dresden, Germany on 25 December 1930.	Storm over Mont Blanc	25 December 1930
publication date	VDF Thasana was released at Bhagyachandra Open Air Theatre on 27 March 2014.	VDF Thasana	27 March 2014
publication date	Kaun Sachcha Kaun Jhootha is a Bollywood thriller film which released on 11 April 1997.	Kaun Sachcha Kaun Jhootha	1997
publication date	The Magical Brush (Chinese: 神笔马良) is a 2014 Chinese animated fantasy film directed by Frankie Chung.	The Magical Brush	2014
publication date	The Last Alarm is a 1940 American Monogram Picture film directed by William West and starring veteran character actor J. Farrell MacDonald.	The Last Alarm	1940
publication date	Planet B-Boy is a 2007 documentary film that focuses on the 2005 Battle of the Year while also describing B-boy culture and history as a global phenomenon.	Planet B-Boy	2007
publication date	Jitterbugs is a 1943 Laurel and Hardy feature film produced by Sol M. Wurtzel and directed by Mal St.Clair.	Jitterbugs	1943
publication date	Chithramela is a 1967 Malayalam anthology film directed and produced by T .	Chithramela	1967
publication date	The Flamingo Rising is a 2001 dramatic film in the Hallmark Hall of Fame released on television in 2001, and based on the novel The Flamingo Rising written by Larry Baker in 1997.	The Flamingo Rising	2001
publication date	Table for Three was released straight to DVD on the 23 of June 2009.	Table for Three	2009
publication date	Seven Little Monsters was published by Harper & Row in 1977 and served as the basis for the Canadian-Chinese television production of the same name (2000-2007).	Seven Little Monsters	1977
publication date	Cinderela Baiana (Portuguese for Bahian Cinderella) is a 1998 Brazilian semi-fictionalized biographical romantic comedy film directed by Conrado Sanchez (who also wrote the screenplay, even though he was uncredited for it) and produced by Antônio Polo Galante.	Cinderela Baiana	1998
publication date	Mahasangram is a 2006 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Kumarjit Patitundu, starring Pradeep Roy, Supriya Choudhury and Rituparna Sengupta	Mahasangram	2006
publication date	Tillie and Gus is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Francis Martin and written by Francis Martin and Walter DeLeon.	Tillie and Gus	1933
publication date	Lotte from Gadgetville (Leiutajateküla Lotte) is a 2006 Estonian/Latvian feature-length animated film directed by Heiki Ernits and Janno Põldma.	Lotte from Gadgetville	2006
publication date	Una Excursión a los indios ranqueles is a 1963 Argentine film, based on a book of the same name by Lucio V. Mansilla.	Una Excursión a los indios ranqueles	1963
publication date	Thumbida Koda (Kannada: ತುಂಬಿದ ಕೊಡ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film, directed by N. C. Rajan and produced by G. K. Venkatesh & Friends.	Thumbida Koda	1964
publication date	Varadhi is a 2015 Indian Telugu romantic drama film directed by Sathish Karthikeya.	Varadhi	2015
publication date	The Demon's Rook is a 2013 independent fantasy-horror film and the directorial debut of James Sizemore (who is also known under the pseudonym of Loup'Rah Garomore).	The Demon's Rook	2013
publication date	Invasion from Inner Earth (1974) is an apocalyptic science fiction film, starring Paul Bentzen and Debbi Pick.	Invasion from Inner Earth	1974
publication date	Porky's Revenge! is the 1985 third installment to the Porky's film series.	Porky's Revenge!	1985
publication date	Disney's Extremely Goofy Skateboarding is a game created in September 2001 for PC.	Disney's Extremely Goofy Skateboarding	September 2001
publication date	Where in Space Is Carmen Sandiego? is a game produced by Brøderbund and released in 1993 for DOS and 1994 for Macintosh.	Where in Space Is Carmen Sandiego?	1993
publication date	The Wrong Box (1966) is a British comedy film made by Salamander Film Productions and distributed by Columbia Pictures.	The Wrong Box	1966
publication date	Lovers Courageous is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and written by Frederick Lonsdale.	Lovers Courageous	1932
publication date	Biker Boyz is a 2003 film about a group of underground motorcycle drag racers.	Biker Boyz	2003
publication date	Nandhi is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language action-masala film directed by Thamizhvannan and produced by Dinesh Karthik.	Nandhi	2011
publication date	Gingerclown 3D is a 2013 Hungarian horror comedy film written and directed by Balázs Hatvani.	Gingerclown	2013
publication date	Riley's First Date? is a 2015 Pixar computer animated short directed by Josh Cooley.	Riley's First Date?	2015
publication date	The first alpha version of Rhye's and Fall of Civilization, then called ``Rhye's Catapult'', was released on 26 April 2006, featuring an elaborated Earth map and the ``Rise and Fall'' mechanism.	Rhye's and Fall of Civilization	26 April 2006
publication date	Briton and Boer is a 1909 silent film produced and distributed by Selig Polyscope Company.	Briton and Boer	1909
publication date	Green Card Fever is a 2003 Indian Independent film written and directed by Bala Rajasekharuni.	Green Card Fever	2003
publication date	Kathirmandapam is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film, directed by KP Pillai and produced by HD Combines.	Kathirmandapam	1979
publication date	The Endless Summer is a seminal 1966 surf movie.	The Endless Summer	1966
publication date	Attack of the Sabretooth is a 2005 horror film that premiered on the Sci Fi Channel, directed by George T. Miller, and starring Robert Carradine, Nicholas Bell, Brian Wimmer and Stacy Haiduk.	Attack of the Sabretooth	2005
publication date	The Wild Women of Wongo is a 1958 American film directed by James L. Wolcott, featuring low budget, stereotypical portrayals of fictional tropical islanders.	The Wild Women of Wongo	1958
publication date	Girls, Please! is a 1934 British comedy film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Sydney Howard, Jane Baxter, Meriel Forbes and Peter Gawthorne.	Girls, Please!	1934
publication date	Ticket to Heaven is a 1981 Canadian film about the recruiting of a man into a group portrayed to be a cult, and his life in the group until forcibly extracted by his family and friends.	Ticket to Heaven	1981
publication date	Nutty but Nice was filmed from April 27 to May 2, 1940.	Nutty but Nice	1940
publication date	Beach Party is a 1963 American film which was the first of several beach party films from American International Pictures (AIP) aimed at a teen audience.	Beach Party	1963
publication date	The Bad and the Beautiful is a 1952 MGM melodrama that tells the story of a film producer who alienates all around him.	The Bad and the Beautiful	1952
publication date	Vigilante 3D (Nepali: भिजिलान्ते) is a Nepali Social Thriller film released in April 5, 2013.	Vigilante 3D	2013
publication date	Vaincre à Olympie (English: Win to Olimpie) is a French TV film from 1977.	Vaincre à Olympie	1977
publication date	An Officer and a Car Salesman is a comedy/thriller television film made in 1988 as a spin-off from the successful television series Minder.	An Officer and a Car Salesman	1988
publication date	The Big Bad Swim is a 2006 American independent film about a group of adults who enroll in an adult education beginner's swim class.	The Big Bad Swim	2006
publication date	Eyan Mayweather is the fifth studio album by Nigerian rap artist Olamide, released on 23 November 2015.	Eyan Mayweather	23 November 2015
publication date	Oh Mary Be Careful is an extant 1921 American silent comedy film produced by Goldwyn Pictures and released by an independent distributor.	Oh Mary Be Careful	1921
publication date	Thiruttu Payale (Tamil: திருட்டு பயலே; English: Yo, the Thief) is a (2006) Tamil erotic-thriller directed by Susi Ganesan.	Thiruttu Payale	2006
publication date	Radhan Ganda (Kannada: ರಾಧನ್ ಗಂಡ) is a 2013 Kannada comedy - action film written and directed by Murugan.	Radhan Ganda	2013
publication date	``Charlie X'' is a first season episode of the science fiction television series, Star Trek first broadcast on September 15, 1966.	Charlie X	1966
publication date	Historic Live Tuna is a Hot Tuna album released in 1985 with side A containing some previously unreleased tracks from a live acoustic performance played on KSAN radio in 1971 and with side B containing some previously unreleased live material from a live electric performance in 1971 recorded at the Fillmore West auditorium in San Francisco.	Historic Live Tuna	1985
publication date	``När vi två blir en'', written by Per Gessle, and also known after the refrain's opening line ``''Jag vill känna din kropp emot min``'', is a song with lyrics describing teenage love, released as a single on 29 October 1980 by pop group Gyllene Tider.	När vi två blir en	1980
publication date	Yo quiero ser hombre (``I Want to be a Man'') is a 1949 Mexican film.	Yo quiero ser hombre	1949
publication date	La Visa Loca is a 2005 Filipino comedy-drama film directed by Mark Meily and produced by Sharon Cuneta.	La Visa Loca	2005
publication date	Naa Desam (Telugu: నా దేశం) (lit. My Country) is a 1982 Telugu action-drama film directed by K. Bapaiah.	Naa Desam	1982
publication date	Free Jimmy (No: Slipp Jimmy fri) is a 2008 Norwegian/British computer adult animated comedy film first released in Norwegian in 2006, and later in English in 2008.	Free Jimmy	2006
publication date	They Were Not Divided is a 1950 British war film, which depicted the Guards Armoured Division in Second World War Europe.	They Were Not Divided	1950
publication date	Jetstrike is a side-scrolling shoot 'em up released in 1994 with the aircraft and weapons choices of a sim.	Jetstrike	1994
publication date	Fawn Story is a 1975 episode of the ABC Afterschool Special, directed by Larry Elikann.	Fawn Story	1975
publisher	A Gnome There Was is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore, published under their Lewis Padgett pseudonym by Simon & Schuster in 1950.	A Gnome There Was	Simon & Schuster
publisher	The Otaku Encyclopedia is a 2009 encyclopedia written by Patrick Galbraith and published by Kodansha which provides an overview of anime and manga fandom topics, and interviews and profiles of important people in Japanese fandom.	The Otaku Encyclopedia	Kodansha
publisher	English Today is an academic journal on the English language, established in 1985 and published quarterly by Cambridge University Press.	English Today	Cambridge University Press
publisher	The American Journal of Audiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published biannually by the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association.	American Journal of Audiology	American Speech-Language-Hearing Association
publisher	Small Changes is a collection of science fiction short stories by Hal Clement, published by Doubleday in 1969.	Small Changes	Doubleday
publisher	Knowing How to Know is a book by the writer Idries Shah published posthumously by Octagon Press in 1998.	Knowing How to Know	Octagon Press
publisher	Legends of the Diamond is a baseball simulation video game developed by Tose for the Nintendo Entertainment System, and published by Bandai in North America in 1992.	Legends of the Diamond	Bandai
publisher	The Journal of English and Germanic Philology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of medieval studies that was established in 1897 and is now published by University of Illinois Press.	Journal of English and Germanic Philology	University of Illinois Press
publisher	The original Oriental Adventures (ISBN 0-88038-099-3) was written by Gary Gygax, David ``Zeb'' Cook, and François Marcela-Froideval, and published in 1985 by TSR, Inc. as a 144-page hardcover for use with the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons (AD&D) 1st edition rules.	Oriental Adventures	TSR
publisher	Red Steel is a first person shooter video game published by Ubisoft for Nintendo's Wii console.	Red Steel	Ubisoft
publisher	Winning Ways for your Mathematical Plays (Academic Press, 1982) by Elwyn R. Berlekamp, John H. Conway, and Richard K. Guy is a compendium of information on mathematical games.	Winning Ways for your Mathematical Plays	Academic Press
publisher	Academic Questions is a quarterly journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the National Association of Scholars.	Academic Questions	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Full Auto is a video game for the Xbox 360 console published by Sega.	Full Auto	Sega
publisher	The Journal of Applied Electrochemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering electrochemistry, focusing on technologically oriented aspects.	Journal of Applied Electrochemistry	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Why Didn't They Ask Evans? is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie, first published in the United Kingdom by the Collins Crime Club in September 1934 and in the United States by Dodd, Mead and Company in 1935 under the title of The Boomerang Clue.	Why Didn't They Ask Evans?	Collins Crime Club
publisher	The Population Bomb was written at the suggestion of David Brower the executive director of the environmentalist Sierra Club, and Ian Ballantine of Ballantine Books following various public appearances Ehrlich had made regarding population issues and their relation to the environment.	The Population Bomb	Ballantine Books
publisher	Tatler is a British glossy magazine published by Condé Nast Publications focusing on fashion and lifestyle, as well as coverage of high society and politics.	Tatler	Condé Nast Publications
publisher	Science Software Quarterly was founded in 1984 by executive editor Diana Gabaldon, who at the time was an assistant professor in the Center for Environmental Studies at Arizona State University.	Science Software Quarterly	Arizona State University
publisher	Trading Futures is a BBC Books original novel written by Lance Parkin and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Trading Futures	BBC Books
publisher	Concepts, Techniques, and Models of Computer Programming is a textbook published in 2004 about general computer programming concepts from MIT Press written by Université catholique de Louvain professor Peter Van Roy and Royal Institute of Technology, Sweden professor Seif Haridi.	Concepts, Techniques, and Models of Computer Programming	MIT Press
publisher	Ranch Rush 2 is a time management farming game that was first released by FreshGames on April 27, 2010 on the PC, then later for MAC and the Apple iPad.	Ranch Rush 2	FreshGames
publisher	The Lyme Caxton Missal is an incunable or early printed book containing the liturgy of the mass according to the Sarum Rite, published in 1487 by William Caxton.	Lyme Caxton Missal	William Caxton
publisher	Physical Review Letters (PRL), established in 1958, is a peer-reviewed, scientific journal that is published 52 times per year by the American Physical Society.	Physical Review Letters	American Physical Society
publisher	F-Zero GX is a futuristic racing video game for the Nintendo GameCube console.	F-Zero GX	Nintendo
publisher	Clinical Leukemia was a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that was published by CIG Media Group from 2006 until 2009.	Clinical Leukemia	CIG Media Group
publisher	The Conduit was first revealed by the developer on the video game website IGN on April 17, 2008, and on October 29, 2008, the developer announced that Sega had signed on to be the game's official publisher.	The Conduit	Sega
publisher	Towdie is a platform adventure game published in Europe in 1994 by Ultrasoft for the ZX Spectrum platform.	Towdie	Ultrasoft
publisher	The Journal of Criminal Law & Criminology is a peer-reviewed quarterly academic journal published by the Northwestern University School of Law.	Journal of Criminal Law & Criminology	Northwestern University School of Law
publisher	Cetaganda is a science fiction novel by Lois McMaster Bujold, first published in four parts from October to December 1995 in Analog Science Fiction and Fact, and published in book form by Baen Books in January 1996.	Cetaganda	Baen Books
publisher	AStA Advances in Statistical Analysis is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media and the German Statistical Society.	AStA Advances in Statistical Analysis	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Wandering Stars is an anthology of Jewish fantasy and science fiction, edited by Jack Dann, originally published by Harper & Row in 1974.	Wandering Stars	Harper
publisher	Tuck Everlasting is an American children's novel written by Natalie Babbitt and published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux in 1975.	Tuck Everlasting	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
publisher	The Man Who Japed was first published by Ace Books as one half of Ace Double D-193, bound dos-à-dos with The Space Born by E. C. Tubb.	The Man Who Japed	Ace Books
publisher	In the fall of 2008, Scientific American was put under the control of Nature Publishing Group, a division of Holtzbrinck.	Scientific American	Nature Publishing Group
publisher	First published in 1975 by Chatto and Windus, A Word Child charts the trials and tribulations of the title character, the ``word child'', Hilary Burde as he attempts to recover his soul from the misery of his troubled past.	A Word Child	Chatto and Windus
publisher	The Sacred Armour of Antiriad is an action game published by Palace Software in September 1986 for Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 DOS, TRS-80 and ZX Spectrum.	The Sacred Armour of Antiriad	Palace Software
publisher	Middle East Quarterly (MEQ) is a peer reviewed (since 2009) quarterly journal, a publication of the think tank Middle East Forum (MEF) founded by Daniel Pipes in 1994.	Middle East Quarterly	Middle East Forum
record label	Have a Ball is the first album by Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, released in 1997 on the Fat Wreck Chords independent record label.	Have a Ball	Fat Wreck Chords
record label	William Michael Coleman (born July 8, 1992), professionally known as Mike Zombie, is a record producer and recording artist from Willingboro, NJ, signed as a producer to Drake's OVO Sound record label.	Mike Zombie	OVO Sound
record label	Supermodel of the World is the debut studio album by American drag queen RuPaul, released on June 8, 1993 by Tommy Boy Records.	Supermodel of the World	Tommy Boy Records
record label	The Congress for Democracy and Justice (French: Congrès pour la démocratie et la justice, CDJ) is a political party in Gabon, led by Jules-Aristide Bourdes-Ogouliguende.	Congress for Democracy and Justice	political party
record label	Mezzogiorno sulle Alpi is the twelfth studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Alice, released in 1992 on EMI Music.	Mezzogiorno sulle Alpi	EMI
record label	Orange Crate Art is a 1995 album by Brian Wilson and Van Dyke Parks released on Warner Bros. Records, where Parks has been contracted since 1967.	Orange Crate Art	Warner Bros. Records
record label	As the Veneer of Democracy Starts to Fade is the second album by vocalist Mark Stewart, released in 1985 through Mute Records.	As the Veneer of Democracy Starts to Fade	Mute Records
record label	Jo Stafford's Sweet Hour of Prayer (1964) is a studio album of inspirational songs recorded by American singer Jo Stafford on Capitol Records T/ST-2096.	Jo Stafford's Sweet Hour of Prayer	Capitol Records
record label	11 Dreams is the third album released by Danish metal band Mercenary through Century Media Records.	11 Dreams	Century Media Records
record label	Love at Absolute Zero was the debut album by indie pop band My Favorite, released on the Double Agent record label in 1999.	Love at Absolute Zero	Double Agent
record label	A Time & Place is the second studio album by reggae artist Julian Marley, released in 2003 on Lightyear Entertainment.	A Time & Place	Lightyear Entertainment
record label	Death to False Metal is a compilation album by the American alternative rock band Weezer, released on November 2, 2010 by Geffen Records.	Death to False Metal	Geffen Records
record label	Fork in the Road is the thirtieth studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young, released April 7, 2009, on Reprise Records.	Fork in the Road	Reprise Records
record label	When So Beautiful or So What was released by Hear Music on April 8, 2011, it received widespread acclaim from critics, many of whom considered it Simon's best work in two decades.	So Beautiful or So What	Hear Music
record label	In the UK, RSO Records issued ``Children of the World'' as the third single from the album with ``Boogie Child'' as the B-side.	Boogie Child	RSO Records
record label	``End Love'' is an alternative rock song by OK Go from the album Of the Blue Colour of the Sky.	End Love	OK Go
record label	Out in L.A. is a compilation of rare tracks by the Red Hot Chili Peppers released November 1, 1994 on EMI.	Out in L.A.	EMI
record label	Third World Warrior is an album by Kris Kristofferson, released on Mercury Records in 1990 (see 1990 in music).	Third World Warrior	Mercury Records
record label	Tenshi No Gijinka is an album by Japanese musician Keiji Haino, released on John Zorn's Tzadik label in 1995.	Tenshi No Gijinka	Tzadik
record label	Portrait of Sheila is the 1963 debut album of American jazz singer Sheila Jordan, released by Blue Note Records.	Portrait of Sheila	Blue Note Records
record label	The Trouble Tree is the debut album of Freedy Johnston, released in 1990 through Bar/None Records.	The Trouble Tree	Bar/None Records
record label	``Teardrops on My Guitar'' was released on February 19, 2007 by Big Machine Records, as the second single from Swift's eponymous debut studio album (2006).	Teardrops on My Guitar	Big Machine Records
record label	After rumours that they had broken up following the problems they faced with Geffen Records when Twice Removed was released, Sloan began touring and writing again in 1995 and released One Chord to Another on Murderecords in 1996.	One Chord to Another	Murderecords
record label	Hi-Five Soup! is the fifth studio album from American band The Aquabats, released on January 18, 2011 by Fearless Records.	Hi-Five Soup!	Fearless Records
record label	Crack the Skye is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Mastodon, released on March 24, 2009 through Reprise Records.	Crack the Skye	Reprise Records
record label	``Just a Fool'' was sent to contemporary hit and hot adult contemporary radio stations in the United States by RCA Records as the second and final single from the album on December 4, 2012.	Just a Fool	RCA Records
record label	In October 2007, Voiceprint Records re-issued Centigrade 232 in a package containing both a reprint of the 1977 book and a CD of the 1986 recitations.	Centigrade 232	Voiceprint Records
record label	Don't Get Comfortable was released on September 5, 2006 via Reunion Records.	Don't Get Comfortable	Reunion Records
record label	Classic Blue was released in 1989 by Trax Records (later re-released on Castle Music Records in 1994), and features Mike Batt, who also produced the album, and the London Philharmonic Orchestra.	Classic Blue	Trax Records
record label	Pandisc Records released two more of Trinere's singles, including ``Can't Stop The Beat'', which was her biggest hit for Pandisc.	Trinere	Pandisc Records
record label	``Universal Child'' is a single by Scottish recording artist Annie Lennox, released worldwide on 12 October 2010 on Island Records.	Universal Child	Island Records
record label	Ornette on Tenor is the eighth album by the American jazz composer and saxophonist Ornette Coleman, released in 1962 on Atlantic Records, his sixth and final one for the label.	Ornette on Tenor	Atlantic Records
record label	Climbin' the Walls is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Wrathchild America, released in 1989 by Atlantic Records.	Climbin' the Walls	Atlantic Records
record label	We Are Young Money is the first compilation album by American hip hop record label Young Money Entertainment, and released on December 21, 2009 by Young Money Entertainment and Cash Money Records.	We Are Young Money	Cash Money Records
record label	I Think of You was Perry Como's 20th 12`` long-play album released by RCA Records.	I Think of You	RCA Records
record label	Flight 602 is the sixth album released by Aim, and the first released on his own ATIC Records independent record label.	Flight 602	ATIC Records
record label	When Love Met Destruction is the second EP by American gothic metalcore band Motionless in White released under Tragic Hero Records on February 17, 2009.	When Love Met Destruction	Tragic Hero Records
record label	It's Our Thing is the sixth album released by The Isley Brothers on their own T-Neck Records imprint on April 26, 1969.	It's Our Thing	T-Neck Records
record label	Feeling the Space is Yoko Ono's fourth solo album, her last one on Apple Records and her last release of the 1970s.	Feeling the Space	Apple Records
record label	Back Stabbers is a studio album by Philadelphia soul group The O'Jays, released in August 1972 on Philadelphia International Records.	Back Stabbers	Philadelphia International Records
record label	From these sessions, ''My Bonnie``/''The Saints was released as a single through Polydor Records (who had an exclusive deal with Kaempfert's company)credited to ``Tony Sheridan and the Beat Brothers'', as the Beatles' contract enabled the record company to use a pseudonym.	My Bonnie	Polydor Records
record label	Something on the Inside is the seventh overall album of gospel singer Vanessa Bell Armstrong, and fourth for major label Jive Records.	Something on the Inside	Jive Records
record label	From the Underground and Below is the ninth studio album by the thrash metal band Overkill released in 1997 by CMC International.	From the Underground and Below	CMC International
record label	Crypt of the Wizard is a compilation album by Norwegian solo artist Mortiis, though it is largely recognised as a complete album.	Crypt of the Wizard	Mortiis
record label	Take Us to the Start is the first full-length studio album by American pop-rock singer-songwriter Matt Hires, released exclusively through iTunes on July 15, 2009 and then released August 25, 2009 on Atlantic Records.	Take Us to the Start	Atlantic Records
record label	Another Year of Disaster is the debut studio album released by Adept in 2009 on Panic & Action Records.	Another Year of Disaster	Panic & Action
record label	Conversations with My Family is the eleventh solo album by notable jazz pianist Mike Garson, and was released in 2008 on Resonance Records.	Conversations with My Family	Resonance Records
record label	The Gone Wait is the 35th album by Jandek, and the first of two released in 2003 It is Corwood Industries release #0773, and is the first release to feature the artist accompanying himself on fretless electric bass, rather than on his usual acoustic or electric guitar.	The Gone Wait	Corwood Industries
record label	``Twistin' Postman'' is a song recorded by Motown singing group The Marvelettes, who released it in 1961, and was the follow-up to their smash debut single, ``Please Mr. Postman''.	Twistin' Postman	Motown
record label	State and Ancientry is the second album by folk duo Hannah James and Sam Sweeney.	State and Ancientry	Hannah James and Sam Sweeney
screenwriter	A Dry White Season is a 1989 American drama-historical film directed by Euzhan Palcy and starring Donald Sutherland, Jürgen Prochnow, Marlon Brando, Janet Suzman, Zakes Mokae and Susan Sarandon.	A Dry White Season	Euzhan Palcy
screenwriter	Rendezvous in July (French: Rendez-vous de juillet) is a 1949 French comedy film directed and written by Jacques Becker.	Rendezvous in July	Jacques Becker
screenwriter	Einer spinnt immer is a 1971 Austrian / West German film directed by Franz Antel.	Einer spinnt immer	Franz Antel
screenwriter	Shall We Kiss? (French title: Un baiser s'il vous plaît) is a 2007 French romantic comedy film directed by Emmanuel Mouret and starring Virginie Ledoyen, Mouret, Julie Gayet, Michaël Cohen, Frédérique Bel and Stefano Accorsi.	Shall We Kiss?	Emmanuel Mouret
screenwriter	The Mighty Anselmo and His Squire (Italian: Il prode Anselmo e il suo scudiero) is a 1972 comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci and starring Alighiero Noschese and Enrico Montesano.	The Mighty Anselmo and His Squire	Bruno Corbucci
screenwriter	That same month, Singer was approached by Warner Bros. to pitch his idea for Superman Returns, as he was preparing to leave for Hawaii on a short vacation with his X2 writers Michael Dougherty and Dan Harris.	Superman Returns	Michael Dougherty	Dan Harris
screenwriter	Let's Go with Pancho Villa (Spanish: Vámonos con Pancho Villa) is a Mexican motion picture directed by Fernando de Fuentes in 1936, the last of the director's Revolution Trilogy, besides El prisionero trece and El compadre Mendoza.	Let's Go with Pancho Villa	Fernando de Fuentes
screenwriter	Sinister 2 (also stylized as Sinister II) is a 2015 American supernatural horror film directed by Ciaran Foy and written by Scott Derrickson and C. Robert Cargill.	Sinister 2	Scott Derrickson	C. Robert Cargill
screenwriter	Ferragosto in bikini is a 1960 Italian comedy film directed by Marino Girolami.	Ferragosto in bikini	Marino Girolami
screenwriter	My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a 2002 Canadian-American romantic comedy film written by and starring Nia Vardalos and directed by Joel Zwick.	My Big Fat Greek Wedding	Nia Vardalos
screenwriter	Whatever Works is a 2009 American comedy film directed and written by Woody Allen, starring Larry David, Evan Rachel Wood, Patricia Clarkson, Ed Begley, Jr., Michael McKean, and Henry Cavill.	Whatever Works	Woody Allen
screenwriter	Names in Marble (Estonian: Nimed marmortahvlil) is an Estonian 2002 film directed by Elmo Nüganen.	Names in Marble	Elmo Nüganen
screenwriter	Giovani, belle... probabilmente ricche is a 1982 commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini and starring Carmen Russo and Nadia Cassini, most prominent stars of the genre in the early 1980s with Olinka Hardiman (credited as Olinka Link).	Giovani, belle... probabilmente ricche	Michele Massimo Tarantini
screenwriter	Pinocchio in Outer Space is a 1965 Belgian-American animated film which sets Carlo Collodi's Pinocchio character on a rocketship adventure.	Pinocchio in Outer Space	Carlo Collodi
screenwriter	The Fire Within (French: Le feu follet (lə fø fɔlɛ), meaning ``The Manic Fire'' or ``Will-o'-the-Wisp'') is a 1963 French drama film directed by Louis Malle.	The Fire Within	Louis Malle
screenwriter	A Pistol Shot (Italian: Un colpo di pistola) is a 1942 Italian historical drama film directed by Renato Castellani and starring Assia Noris, Fosco Giachetti and Antonio Centa.	A Pistol Shot	Renato Castellani
screenwriter	The Stuff (aka Larry Cohen's The Stuff) is a 1985 American science fiction horror comedy film written, produced, and directed by Larry Cohen and starring Michael Moriarty, Garrett Morris, Andrea Marcovicci, and Paul Sorvino.	The Stuff	Larry Cohen
screenwriter	Belle al Bar is a 1994 Italian comedy film directed, written and starred by Alessandro Benvenuti.	Belle al Bar	Alessandro Benvenuti
screenwriter	Blue Belle, also known as Annie, is a 1976 British-Italian drama film directed by Massimo Dallamano and starring Annie Belle, Felicity Devonshire and Maria Rohm.	Blue Belle	Massimo Dallamano	Annie Belle
screenwriter	The Color of Money is a 1986 American drama film directed by Martin Scorsese from a screenplay by Richard Price, based on the 1984 novel of the same name by Walter Tevis.	The Color of Money	Richard Price
screenwriter	Zero Patience is a 1993 Canadian musical film written and directed by John Greyson.	Zero Patience	John Greyson
screenwriter	L'arcano incantatore, internationally released as The Mysterious Enchanter, is a 1996 Italian horror film directed by Pupi Avati and set in the 18th century.	The Mysterious Enchanter	Pupi Avati
screenwriter	A Terrible Night (French: Une nuit terrible) is an 1896 French silent comedy film by Georges Méliès.	A Terrible Night	Georges Méliès
screenwriter	The Camp Followers (Italian: Le soldatesse), is a 1965 Italian World War II film directed by Valerio Zurlini and starring Anna Karina.	The Camp Followers	Valerio Zurlini
screenwriter	Love Is Eternal While It Lasts (Italian: L'amore è eterno finché dura, also known as Love Is Eternal, as Long as It Lasts) is a 2004 Italian romantic comedy film written, directed and starred by Carlo Verdone.	Love Is Eternal While It Lasts	Carlo Verdone
screenwriter	The Last Woman (French: La Dernière femme, Italian: L'ultima donna) is a 1976 French-Italian film directed by Marco Ferreri and starring Gérard Depardieu and Ornella Muti.	The Last Woman	Marco Ferreri
screenwriter	Odd Little Man (Norwegian title: Da jeg traff Jesus... med sprettert) is a Norwegian family movie from 2000, directed by Stein Leikanger, based on one of the biographic memoirs of Odd Børretzen.	Odd Little Man	Stein Leikanger
screenwriter	We All Loved Each Other So Much (Italian: C'eravamo tanto amati) is a 1974 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Ettore Scola and written by Scola and the famous screenwriter duo of Age & Scarpelli.	We All Loved Each Other So Much	Ettore Scola	Age & Scarpelli
screenwriter	Sinking Sands is a 2010 Ghanaian drama film written, produced & directed by Leila Djansi, and starring Jimmy Jean-Louis, Ama Abebrese & Yemi Blaq.	Sinking Sands	Leila Djansi
screenwriter	Black Killer is a 1971 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Carlo Croccolo and starring Klaus Kinski.	Black Killer	Carlo Croccolo
screenwriter	Home Alone 3 is a 1997 American family comedy film written and produced by John Hughes.	Home Alone 3	John Hughes
screenwriter	Boys from the Streets (Norwegian: Gategutter) is a 1949 Norwegian drama film directed by Ulf Greber and Arne Skouen, starring, among others, Tom Tellefsen, Ivar Thorkildsen and Pål Bang-Hansen.	Boys from the Streets	Arne Skouen
screenwriter	The Conspiracy of Torture (Italian: Beatrice Cenci, also known as Conspiracy) is a 1969 Italian historical drama film directed by Lucio Fulci.	The Conspiracy of Torture	Lucio Fulci
screenwriter	In the Company of Men is a 1997 Canadian/American black comedy written and directed by Neil LaBute and starring Aaron Eckhart, Matt Malloy, and Stacy Edwards.	In the Company of Men	Neil LaBute
screenwriter	Mittal v/s Mittal is a 2010 Bollywood film written and directed by Karan Razdan and produced by Rajeev Kore and Dinesh Chugh.	Mittal v/s Mittal	Karan Razdan
screenwriter	Club de rencontres is a 1987 French comedy film directed and written by Michel Lang.	Club de rencontres	Michel Lang
screenwriter	Oru Indhiya Kanavu (English: An Indian Dream) is a 1983 Indian Tamil film written and directed by Tamil playwright Komal Swaminathan.	Oru Indhiya Kanavu	Komal Swaminathan
screenwriter	Char Adhyay (English: Four Chapters) 1997 Indian Hindi drama film written and directed Kumar Shahani.	Char Adhyay	Kumar Shahani
screenwriter	Farewell to the King is a 1989 film, written and directed by John Milius.	Farewell to the King	John Milius
screenwriter	Don't Waste Your Time, Johnny! (Italian: Lascia perdere, Johnny!) is a 2007 Italian biographical comedy-drama film written and directed by Fabrizio Bentivoglio.	Don't Waste Your Time, Johnny!	Fabrizio Bentivoglio
screenwriter	Rendezvous in Paris is a 1982 Franco-German film directed by Gabi Kubach and starring Claude Jade, Harald Kuhlmann and Barry Stokes.	Rendezvous in Paris	Gabi Kubach
screenwriter	A Gun Fightin' Gentleman is a 1919 American Western film directed by John Ford and starring Harry Carey.	A Gun Fightin' Gentleman	John Ford	Harry Carey
screenwriter	Monty Python and the Holy Grail is a 1975 British surreal comedy film written and performed by the comedy group of Monty Python (Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, and Michael Palin), and directed by Gilliam and Jones.	Monty Python and the Holy Grail	Graham Chapman	John Cleese	Terry Gilliam	Eric Idle	Terry Jones	Michael Palin
screenwriter	Manhattan Murder Mystery (1993) is a comedy murder mystery film, directed by and starring Woody Allen and written by Woody Allen and Marshall Brickman.	Manhattan Murder Mystery	Woody Allen	Marshall Brickman
screenwriter	The Honey Pot, also known as The Honeypot, is a 1967 crime comedy-drama film written for the screen and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz.	The Honey Pot	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
screenwriter	Fast Times at Ridgemont High is a 1982 American coming-of-age teen comedy film written by Cameron Crowe, adapted from his 1981 book of the same name.	Fast Times at Ridgemont High	Cameron Crowe
screenwriter	100 Feet is a 2008 American horror film written and directed by Eric Red and starring Famke Janssen, Bobby Cannavale, Ed Westwick and Michael Paré.	100 Feet	Eric Red
screenwriter	Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles (simplified Chinese: 千里走单骑; traditional Chinese: 千里走單騎, Japanese: 単騎, 千里を走る) is a 2005 drama film directed by Zhang Yimou and starring Ken Takakura.	Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles	Zhang Yimou
screenwriter	Comic book scribe Geoff Johns, who first wrote the season eight episode ``Legion'', wrote both hours of ``Absolute Justice''.	Absolute Justice	Geoff Johns
screenwriter	The movie was filmed a sequel in 2002, Febbre da cavallo - La mandrakata directed by Carlo Vanzina (son of Steno, whose real name was Stefano Vanzina), again starring Gigi Proietti.	Febbre da cavallo	Stefano Vanzina
screenwriter	Sheer Madness (German: Heller Wahn, and also released as Friends and Husbands) is a 1983 German arthouse drama film directed by Margarethe von Trotta.	Sheer Madness	Margarethe von Trotta
screenwriter	Three Fugitives is a 1989 crime-comedy film written and directed by Francis Veber, starring Nick Nolte and Martin Short, and featuring Sarah Rowland Doroff, James Earl Jones and Alan Ruck in supporting roles.	Three Fugitives	Francis Veber
screenwriter	Les Yeux cernés (English title: Marked Eyes) is a 1964 French thriller film directed by Robert Hossein who wrote original story.	Les Yeux cernés	Robert Hossein
screenwriter	My Man Godfrey is a 1936 American comedy-drama film directed by Gregory La Cava.	My Man Godfrey	Gregory La Cava
screenwriter	Napoleon and Samantha is a 1972 American adventure drama film directed by Bernard McEveety and written by Stewart Raffill.	Napoleon and Samantha	Stewart Raffill
screenwriter	The Rebound is a 2009 American romantic comedy film directed by Bart Freundlich, starring Catherine Zeta-Jones and Justin Bartha.	The Rebound	Bart Freundlich
screenwriter	Une époque formidable... is a French comedy-drama film directed by Gérard Jugnot, released in 1991.	Une époque formidable...	Gérard Jugnot
screenwriter	Naboer (English: Next Door) is a 2005 Norwegian psychological thriller film, directed by Pål Sletaune.	Naboer	Pål Sletaune
screenwriter	The Drums of Tabu (also known as Fugitivos de las islas del sur and Tabu: le vergini di Samoa) is a 1966 adventure film directed by Javier Setó and produced by Sidney W. Pink.	The Drums of Tabu	Javier Setó
screenwriter	Roba da ricchi (Stuff of rich) is a 1987 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci.	Roba da ricchi	Sergio Corbucci
screenwriter	They Live is a 1988 American satirical science fiction action horror film written and directed by John Carpenter.	They Live	John Carpenter
screenwriter	The film began as a commission by Jean-Paul Belmondo to the screenwriter Jorge Semprún to develop a scenario about Stavisky.	Stavisky	Jorge Semprún
screenwriter	Antropophagus (released in the United Kingdom as Anthropophagous: The Beast and in the United States as The Grim Reaper; also known as Zombie 7) is a 1980 Italian horror film directed by Joe D'Amato and co-written by D'Amato and George Eastman, who starred in the film as the monster.	Antropophagus	George Eastman
screenwriter	He Knows You're Alone (also known as Blood Wedding) is a 1980 American slasher film directed by Armand Mastroianni, written by Scott Parker, and starring Caitlin O'Heaney, Don Scardino and Paul Gleason.	He Knows You're Alone	Scott Parker
screenwriter	Cats' Play (Hungarian: Macskajáték) is a 1972 Hungarian drama film directed by Károly Makk.	Cats' Play	Károly Makk
screenwriter	Very Happy Alexander (French: Alexandre le bienheureux, ``Blissful Alexander'') is a 1968 French comedy film, directed by Yves Robert, starring Philippe Noiret, Marlène Jobert and Françoise Brion.	Very Happy Alexander	Yves Robert
screenwriter	Alois Nebel is a 2011 Czech animated drama film directed by Tomáš Luňák, based on the comic-book trilogy by Jaroslav Rudiš and Jaromír 99.	Alois Nebel	Jaroslav Rudiš
screenwriter	Hollywood or Bust is a 1956 film comedy starring the team of Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis.	Hollywood or Bust	Dean Martin
screenwriter	From Hell to Victory is a European Macaroni-War film directed in 1979 by Umberto Lenzi.	From Hell to Victory	Umberto Lenzi
screenwriter	If You Go Down in the Woods Today is a British TV film comedy released in 1981, written, directed and starring Eric Sykes, also featuring Fulton Mackay and Roy Kinnear amongst a cast of dozens.	If You Go Down in the Woods Today	Eric Sykes
series	The Dreaming Void is a science fiction novel by British writer Peter F. Hamilton, the first in his Void Trilogy.	The Dreaming Void	Void Trilogy
series	Doomwyte is the 20th novel in the Redwall series by Brian Jacques.	Doomwyte	Redwall
series	``Live Fast and Prosper'' is the 141st episode of Star Trek: Voyager, the 21st episode of the sixth season.	Live Fast and Prosper	Star Trek: Voyager
series	Puss n' Toots is a 1942 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 6th Tom and Jerry short.	Puss n' Toots	Tom and Jerry
series	In Winter's Shadow is the final book in a trilogy of fantasy novels written by Gillian Bradshaw.	In Winter's Shadow	Gillian Bradshaw
series	Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Mouse is a 1947 American one-reel animated cartoon and is the 30th Tom and Jerry short.	Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Mouse	Tom and Jerry
series	``The Torrents of Greed'' is a two-part episode of NBC's legal drama Law & Order.	The Torrents of Greed	Law & Order
series	Daisy Town is a Lucky Luke adventure written by Goscinny with Morris and illustrated by Morris.	Daisy Town	Lucky Luke
series	Justin Taylor is a fictional character from the American/Canadian Showtime television series Queer as Folk, a drama about the lives of a group of gay men and women living in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Justin Taylor	Queer as Folk
series	``Remember the Monsters?'' is the series finale of the Showtime television series Dexter.	Remember the Monsters?	Dexter
series	Slawter is the third book in The Demonata series (4th chronologically) written by Darren Shan.	Slawter	The Demonata
series	The SEAT Ibiza is a supermini car manufactured by the Spanish automaker SEAT since 1984.	SEAT Ibiza	supermini
series	``Gimcrack & Bunkum'' is the fifth episode of the second season of the HBO television series Boardwalk Empire, and 17th episode overall.	Gimcrack & Bunkum	Boardwalk Empire
series	Tinne is the Irish name of the eighth letter of the Ogham alphabet, ᚈ, meaning ``ingot'' or ``iron bar''.	Tinne	Ogham
series	``Treehouse of Horror XI'' is the first episode of The Simpsons' twelfth season and the 249th overall, and the eleventh Halloween episode.	Treehouse of Horror XI	The Simpsons
series	The Last Kingdom is the first historical novel in The Saxon Stories by Bernard Cornwell, published in 2004.	The Last Kingdom	The Saxon Stories
series	The Scarlet Letters is an English language novel published in 1953 by American author Ellery Queen.	The Scarlet Letters	Ellery Queen
series	``The Lame Duck Congress'' is the 28th episode of The West Wing which aired November 8, 2000, the day following the 2000 United States Presidential election.	The Lame Duck Congress	The West Wing
series	``Arrow on the Doorpost'' is the thirteenth episode of the third season of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead.	Arrow on the Doorpost	The Walking Dead
series	``That's Lobstertainment!'' is the eighth episode in season three of Futurama.	That's Lobstertainment!	Futurama
series	Huckleberry Hound Meets Wee Willie is the very first pilot episode of the Huckleberry Hound cartoon series, debuting in the premiere segment of The Huckleberry Hound Show on October 2, 1958.	Huckleberry Hound Meets Wee Willie	The Huckleberry Hound Show
series	The Girls Want to Go to a Nightclub is the second filmed episode of I Love Lucy but the first one aired.	The Girls Want to Go to a Nightclub	I Love Lucy
series	``A Fish Called Selma'' is the nineteenth episode of The Simpsons' seventh season and originally aired on March 24, 1996.	A Fish Called Selma	The Simpsons
series	``Friend with Benefit'' is the sixth episode of the twenty-seventh season of the animated television series The Simpsons, and the 580th episode of the series overall.	Friend with Benefit	The Simpsons
series	A Wizard of Mars is the ninth novel in the Young Wizards series by Diane Duane.	A Wizard of Mars	Young Wizards
series	Dragon Flame is the fourteenth novel in the long-running Nick Carter-Killmaster series of spy novels.	Dragon Flame	Nick Carter-Killmaster
series	``Crazy as a Soup Sandwich'' is the sixty-fourth episode and the twenty-ninth episode of the third season (1988--89) of the television series The Twilight Zone.	Crazy as a Soup Sandwich	The Twilight Zone
series	The Vanishing Duck is a 1958 one reel animated Tom and Jerry short, directed and produced by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera with music by Scott Bradley.	The Vanishing Duck	Tom and Jerry
series	``Treehouse of Horror XXII'' is the third episode of the twenty-third season and the twenty-second Halloween episode of the animated comedy series The Simpsons.	Treehouse of Horror XXII	The Simpsons
series	``Remedial Chaos Theory'' is the third (aired as fourth) episode of the third season of the U.S. television series Community.	Remedial Chaos Theory	Community
series	Renegade of Callisto is a science fiction novel written by Lin Carter, the eighth and last in his Callisto series.	Renegade of Callisto	Callisto series
series	Chromolume No. 7 is the 128th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.	Chromolume No. 7	Desperate Housewives
series	``Nightmare at 20,000 Feet'' is episode 123 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone, based on the short story of the same name by Richard Matheson, first published in Alone by Night (1961).	Nightmare at 20,000 Feet	The Twilight Zone
sex or gender	Ana Ligia Fabian Hernández (born November 7, 1988 in Santo Domingo) is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic, who participated with the at the 2007 Junior World Championship in Thailand.	Ana Ligia Fabian	female
sex or gender	Dolores Cross is an educator and university administrator who became the first female president of Chicago State University (1990) and Morris Brown College (MBC) (1998--2002).	Dolores Cross	female
sex or gender	Cédric Plançon (born April 20, 1969 in Lille, Nord) is a retired male weightlifter from France.	Cédric Plançon	male
sex or gender	Niels Pittomvils (born 18 July 1992) is a male Decathlete from Belgium.	Niels Pittomvils	male
sex or gender	Kateryna Burmistrova (Ukrainian: Катерина Володимирівна Бурмістрова, sometimes written as Burmystrova, born 20 November 1979) is a Ukrainian female wrestler.	Kateryna Burmistrova	female
sex or gender	Serfoji I did not have a legitimate male offspring of his own.	Serfoji I	male
sex or gender	Karina Fernández Madrigal (born June 22, 1978) is a female athlete from Costa Rica.	Karina Fernández	female
sex or gender	Alisa Melekhina (born June 26, 1991) is one of the top female chess players in the United States, a classically trained ballerina, and an alumna of the University of Pennsylvania Law School.	Alisa Melekhina	female
sex or gender	Cho Chun-ying (Chinese: 卓春英; pinyin: Zhuó Chūnyīng; Wade--Giles: Chuó Chūn-yīng), a Taiwanese female politician, is the deputy secretary of the Republic of China Presidential Office Department of Public Affairs.	Cho Chun-ying	female
sex or gender	Dezarie is a female roots reggae singer born in St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands.	Dezarie	female
sex or gender	Prince Michał Serwacy Wiśniowiecki (1680--1744) was a Polish nobleman, magnate, politician, diplomat, general, a successful military commander and the last male representative of the Wiśniowiecki family.	Michał Serwacy Wiśniowiecki	male
sex or gender	Joanna Jóźwik (born 30 January 1991 in Wałbrzych) is a Polish female middle distance runner, who specializes in the 800 metres.	Joanna Jóźwik	female
sex or gender	Haywoode (Sidney Haywoode, London) is an English female singer.	Haywoode	female
sex or gender	Ubaldina Valoyes Cuesta (born July 6, 1982 in Quidbo, Chocó) is a female weightlifter from Colombia.	Ubaldina Valoyes	female
sex or gender	SPC Lizbeth Robles (April 4, 1973 -- March 1, 2005) was a female soldier born in Puerto Rico that died in Operation Iraqi Freedom.	Lizbeth Robles	female
sex or gender	Joke van Beusekom (born 23 June 1952 in Wassenaar, Zuid-Holland) is a retired female badminton player from the Netherlands.	Joke van Beusekom	female
sex or gender	Josane Sigart (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɔzan siɡaʁ); 7 January 1909 -- 20 August 1999) was a Belgian female tennis player who was active in the 1930s.	Josane Sigart	female
sex or gender	Justice Anna Chandy (1905-1996) was the first female judge in India and also the first woman in India to become a high court judge.	Anna Chandy	female
sex or gender	Semra Yetiş (born October 1, 1987) is a Turkish female professional road cyclist and mountain biker riding for Ankara Gençlik Hizmetleri SK.	Semra Yetiş	female
sex or gender	Lin Yanfen (Chinese: 林燕芬; born January 4, 1971) is a Chinese female badminton player of the 1990s.	Lin Yanfen	female
sex or gender	Jacqueline Makokha or Jackline Makokha (born 15 November 1974) is a former Kenyan female volleyball player.	Jacqueline Makokha	female
sex or gender	Vanessa Virgen Zepeda (born July 11, 1984 in Manzanillo, Colima) is a female beach volleyball player from Mexico, who played during the Swatch FIVB World Tour 2005 playing with Alejandra Acosta and 2006, playing with Diana Estrada.	Vanessa Virgen	female
sex or gender	In 2011 his work featured in the Black London's Film Heritage Project, with the compilation Big City Stories including Reckord's 1963 film Ten Bob in Winter, as well an excerpt from the television play by his brother entitled You in Your Small Corner, in which Lloyd Reckord played the lead male character.	Lloyd Reckord	male
sex or gender	Yasemin Şahin (born June 25, 1988 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish female handballer playing in left wing position.	Yasemin Şahin	female
sex or gender	June Millington (born April 14, 1948) is a Filipino American guitarist, songwriter, producer, educator, and actress who is perhaps best known for being a co-founder and lead guitarist of the all-female rock band Fanny, which was active from 1970 to 1974.	June Millington	female
sex or gender	Vivienne Spence-Gardner (born 22 January 1965) is a retired female sprinter from Jamaica, who mainly competed in the women's 100 metres during her career.	Vivienne Spence	female
sex or gender	Colette Nelson (born April 5, 1974) is an American professional female bodybuilder and women's physique competitor.	Colette Nelson	female
sex or gender	Tijana Milojević (born 10 September 1998) is a female volleyball player from Serbia.	Tijana Milojević	female
sex or gender	Katherine Jashinski (born 1982) was the first female soldier to refuse duty in American military operations following September 11, 2001.	Katherine Jashinski	female
sex or gender	Estefania Aldaba-Lim, Ph.D. (1917 -- March 7, 2006) was the first female secretary of any Cabinet of the Philippines, serving as Secretary of Social Services and Development from 1971 to 1977.	Estefania Aldaba-Lim	female
sex or gender	Valérie André (born 21 April 1922 in Strasbourg) is a veteran of the French resistance, a neurosurgeon, an aviator and the first female member of the military to achieve the rank of General Officer, in 1976, as Physician General.	Valérie André	female
sex or gender	Sümeyra Kaya-Yazıcı, née Kaya, is a European champion Turkish female boxer competing in the flyweight division.	Sümeyra Kaya	female
sex or gender	Ilija Bozoljac (Serbian Cyrillic: Илија Бозољац; Serbian pronunciation: (ˈilija bɔˈzɔːʎats)) (born August 2, 1985) is a professional male tennis player from Serbia.	Ilija Bozoljac	male
sex or gender	Maria Jonae Palmgren (1630, Gränna - before 28 May 1708) was a Swedish female scholar.	Maria Jonae Palmgren	female
sex or gender	Naoko Sato (born 2 January 1955 ) is a retired Japanese female professional tennis player.	Naoko Sato	female
sex or gender	Lawrence Colwell, Jr., aka Charles Durrant, a 35-year-old white male, was voluntarily executed by lethal injection at the Nevada State Prison in Carson City, Nevada on March 26, 2004.	Lawrence Colwell, Jr.	male
sex or gender	Zehava Ben (Hebrew: זהבה בן‎, Arabic: زهافا بن‎; born November 8, 1968) is one of the most popular Israeli female vocalists in the Mizrahi music genre; the Middle Eastern-style of singing rising from Israel's Mizrahi Jewish population, dominating Israeli music in the 1990s and popular ever since.	Zehava Ben	female
sex or gender	Greta Duréel and her female accomplices acquired large sums from the bank using this method:	Greta Duréel	female
sex or gender	Judit Kovács (born 7 June 1969 in Debrecen, Hajdú-Bihar) is a retired female high jumper from Hungary.	Judit Kovács	female
sex or gender	Lu Lan (born May 2, 1987 in Changzhou, Jiangsu) is a female badminton player from China.	Lu Lan	female
sex or gender	Charlotta von Liewen is also confirmed to have been an agent of the French ambassador, Charles Louis de Biaudos de Casteja, who was known for his network of agents during his tenure in Sweden, especially female ones, such as Margareta Gyllenstierna and Hedvig Catharina Lillie.	Charlotta von Liewen	female
sex or gender	Terril Davis (born April 21, 1968) is a retired male middle distance runner from the United States, who specialized in the 800-meter run.	Terril Davis	male
sex or gender	Andrea Ghiurghi (born December 15, 1966 in Varese) is a male beach volleyball player from Italy, who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta for his native country.	Andrea Ghiurghi	male
sex or gender	Somrot Kamsing (Thai: สมรถ คำสิงห์, born 1971-09-24) is a retired male boxer from Thailand, who competed for his Asian country at the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Somrot Kamsing	male
sex or gender	Lin Que (born Lin Que Ayoung 7 September 1969) is a female hip-hop artist.	Lin Que	female
sex or gender	Sariye Kumral (born 23 February 1979) is a Turkish professional female basketball player of Galatasaray Medical Park .	Sariye Kumral	female
sex or gender	Alla Jakovleva (also written as Alla Jakowlewa and Alla Yakovleva) is a retired Soviet Union female road cyclist.	Alla Jakovleva	female
sex or gender	In July 2013 Hayley Marie Norman was chosen as the female lead in L.A. Rangers, a webseries for the CW network.	Hayley Marie Norman	female
sex or gender	Bashir Ramzy (born 4 May 1979 in Las Cruces, New Mexico) is a male American long jumper.	Bashir Ramzy	male
sex or gender	Xue Ming (Chinese: 薛明; pinyin: Xuē Míng; born 23 February 1987 in Beijing) is a female Chinese volleyball player.	Xue Ming	female
sex or gender	Peggy Gilbert earned renown as a female jazz musician, with a career that lasted more than 80 years.	Peggy Gilbert	female
sex or gender	Chitra Fernando (1935--1998) was a female writer and critic from Sri Lanka.	Chitra Fernando	female
sex or gender	Vaughn Scott (born 11 January 1990) is a male Taekwondo fighter who represented New Zealand in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London in the Men's -80kg weight class.	Vaughn Scott	male
sex or gender	Ora Alexander was an American classic female blues singer.	Ora Alexander	female
sex or gender	Valdas Kazlauskas (born February 23, 1958 in the Vilnius, Lithuania) is a retired male racewalker and athletics coach from Lithuania.	Valdas Kazlauskas	male
sex or gender	Gretchen Abaniel (her name also transliterated as Gretchen Albaniel; born 21 December 1985 in Puerto Princesa City, Palawan, Philippines) is a Filipino professional boxer she won the WIBA Women's International Boxing Association minimumweight title and the WBC International female minimumweight title (2007).	Gretchen Abaniel	female
sex or gender	Li Jinhe (Chinese: 李金河; born 22 May 1964) is a male Chinese weightlifter.	Li Jinhe	male
sex or gender	Larissa Muldoon (b. March 11, 1991) is a female rugby union player.	Larissa Muldoon	female
sex or gender	Ron Wallwork (born 26 May 1941) is a retired male race walker from England, who represented his home nation at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games.	Ron Wallwork	male
sex or gender	Irina Soldatova (Cyrillic:Ирина Солдатова; 1965 in Cheboksary, Chuvash Republic, USSR -- 2002) was a female Russian archer.	Irina Soldatova	female
sport	The Ukrainian Hockey Championship (Ukrainian: Чемпіонат України з Хокею, Chempionat Ukrayiny z Khokeyu) is an annual ice hockey award and national title, bestowed to the ice hockey organization judged to have the best performing team in Ukraine, founded in 1992.	Ukrainian Hockey Championship	ice hockey
sport	The 1994 Family Circle Cup was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Sea Pines Plantation on Hilton Head Island, South Carolina in the United States that was part of Tier I of the 1994 WTA Tour.	1994 Family Circle Cup	tennis
sport	The 2015 Chinese Figure Skating Championships (Chinese: 2014/2015年全国花样滑冰锦标赛) are a national figure skating competition in the 2014--2015 season.	2015 Chinese Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Tomasz Wójtowicz (born 22 September 1953) is a former Polish volleyball player, a member of Polish national team in 1973-1984, Olympic Champion 1976, World Champion 1974, silver medalist of the European Championship (1975, 1977, 1979, 1983).	Tomasz Wójtowicz	volleyball
sport	The 2013 Men's Pan-American Volleyball Cup was the eighth edition of the annual men's volleyball tournament, played by seven countries.	2013 Men's Pan-American Volleyball Cup	volleyball
sport	The Derbyshire Arrows, often known as simply The Arrows, are a basketball club based in Killamarsh, Derbyshire.	Derbyshire Arrows	basketball
sport	The Hutt Valley Lakers were a New Zealand professional basketball team based in Hutt Valley, Wellington that competed in the National Basketball League (NBL) during the 1990s.	Hutt Valley Lakers	basketball
sport	Franco Properzi Curti (born Dehradun, India, 4 November 1965) is a former Indian-born Italian rugby union player and a current assistant coach.	Franco Properzi	rugby union
sport	Thomas Wilson Barnes (1825--1874) was an English chess master, one of the leading British masters of his time.	Thomas Wilson Barnes	chess
sport	The Pakistan Golf Federation, also known as the PGF, is Pakistan national association of golf courses, clubs and facilities and the governing body of golf for Pakistan.	Pakistan Golf Federation	golf
sport	Giorvis Duvergel (born September 8, 1979) is an olympic baseball player for Cuba.	Giorvis Duvergel	baseball
sport	Besta United PNG is a semi-professional association football club, based in Lae, Papua New Guinea.	Besta United PNG	association football
sport	Brady Heslip (born June 19, 1990) is a Canadian professional basketball player who currently plays for Pallacanestro Cantù of the Lega Basket Serie A. He played college basketball for Baylor University and represents Canada in international competition.	Brady Heslip	basketball
sport	The 1989 Virginia Slims of Washington was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Patriot Center in Fairfax, Virginia in the United States and was part of Tier II of the 1989 WTA Tour.	1989 Virginia Slims of Washington	tennis
sport	The 1960 European Figure Skating Championships was a figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters competed for the title of European Champion.	1960 European Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	An Eephus pitch (also spelled Ephus) in baseball is a very low speed junk pitch.	Eephus pitch	baseball
sport	Henriette Henriksen (born June 12, 1970 in Stavanger) is a Norwegian team handball player and Olympic medalist.	Henriette Henriksen	handball
sport	Behra-Porsche was a Formula One constructor competing briefly in 1959 and 1960.	Behra-Porsche	Formula One
sport	Aleš Vodseďálek (Czech pronunciation: (ˈalɛʃ ˈvotsɛɟaːlɛk)) (born March 5, 1985) is a Czech Nordic combined skier from Jilemnice who has competed since 2003.	Aleš Vodseďálek	Nordic combined
sport	The Texas League is a minor league baseball league which operates in the South Central United States.	Texas League	baseball
sport	The Free Internet Chess Server (FICS) is a volunteer-run Internet chess server.	Free Internet Chess Server	chess
sport	Christos Zoupas (Greek: Χρήστος Ζούπας) is a retired Greek professional basketball player.	Christos Zoupas	basketball
sport	East Molesey Cricket Club is a cricket club in Molesey, Surrey.	East Molesey Cricket Club	cricket
sport	The Kazakhstan Hockey Cup is the national ice hockey cup in Kazakhstan.	Kazakhstan Hockey Cup	ice hockey
sport	Matt Mangene (born March 12, 1989) is an American professional ice hockey player currently playing with the Texas Stars of the American Hockey League (AHL).	Matt Mangene	ice hockey
sport	Mike Martin Field at Dick Howser Stadium is a baseball venue located in Tallahassee, Florida, United States, located adjacent to Doak Campbell Stadium on the campus of Florida State University.	Mike Martin Field at Dick Howser Stadium	baseball
sport	Can Korkmaz (born October 21, 1992) is a Turkish professional basketball player.	Can Korkmaz	basketball
sport	SG Bornim is a German association football club based in Bornim, an Ortsteil of Potsdam in Brandenburg.	SG Bornim	association football
sport	Akwasi Owusu-Ansah (/əˈkwɑːsi oʊˈwuːsuː ˈɑːnsɑː/ ə-KWAH-see o-WOO-soo AHN-sah; born April 10, 1988) is an American football cornerback for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL).	Akwasi Owusu-Ansah	American football
sport	SV Stegersbach is an Austrian association football club playing in the Austrian BVZ Burgenland Liga for the season 2010/2011.	SV Stegersbach	association football
sport	The Virginia Slims of Nashville is a defunct WTA Tour tennis tournament held in Nashville, Tennessee between 1973 and 1984 and at the Maryland Farms Racquet Club in Brentwood, Tennessee between 1988 and 1991.	Virginia Slims of Nashville	tennis
sport	Anne Shilcock (born 13 June 1932) is a British former tennis player who was active in the 1950s.	Anne Shilcock	tennis
sport	The 2008 FFSA Premier League was the third edition of the FFSA Premier League as the second level domestic association football competition in South Australia.	2008 FFSA Premier League	association football
sport	The 2012 Estonian Figure Skating Championships (Estonian: Eesti Meistrivõistlused 2012) were the Estonian Figure Skating Championships of the 2011-2012 figure skating season.	2012 Estonian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Dane Carlaw (born 21 February 1980 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s and 2010s.	Dane Carlaw	rugby league
sport	OV Helsingborg HK, is a handball team from Helsingborg, Sweden founded in 1994.	OV Helsingborg HK	handball
sport	Lennox Lewis vs. Henry Akinwande was a professional boxing match contested on July 12, 1997, for the WBC Heavyweight Championship.	Lennox Lewis vs. Henry Akinwande	boxing
sport	The International Surfing Association (ISA), founded in 1964, is recognized by the International Olympic Committee as the world governing authority for surfing, standup paddle racing and surfing, bodysurfing, wakesurfing, and all other wave riding activities on any type of waves, and on flat water using wave riding equipment.	International Surfing Association	surfing
sport	Stig Lundholm (14 November 1917 in Luleå, Sweden -- 2009) was a Swedish chess master.	Stig Lundholm	chess
sport	The Big Chill at the Big House (a.k.a. Cold War II) was an outdoor college ice hockey game played on December 11, 2010, at Michigan Stadium at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.	The Big Chill at the Big House	ice hockey
sport	Hardy Sauter (born February 25, 1971) is a Canadian former ice hockey defenseman and coach.	Hardy Sauter	ice hockey
sport	Danielle Robinson (born May 10, 1989) is a professional basketball player who plays for the San Antonio Stars of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).	Danielle Robinson	basketball
sport	The University of Gloucestershire All Golds are a rugby league team based at the University of Gloucestershire, Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.	Gloucestershire All Golds	rugby league
sport	The 2008 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 teams playing in a single-elimination tournament to determine the 2007--08 national champion of women's NCAA Division I college basketball.	2008 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	The NWA Central States Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling championship that currently serves as the main title for the National Wrestling Alliance promotion, NWA Central-States Championship Wrestling.	NWA Central States Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Justin Tubbs (born November 19, 1987) is an American professional basketball player for the Homenetmen of the Lebanese Basketball League.	Justin Tubbs	basketball
sport	Karl Stewart (born June 30, 1983 in Aurora, Ontario) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League before finishing his career with the Straubing Tigers of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Karl Stewart	ice hockey
sport	The Badminton Players Federation (BPF) is an independent organisation of badminton which was founded in 1972 by Danish World Champion Steen Fladberg with the mission of creating a more profitable structure in the badminton arena, to make the sport more enjoyable and to promote badminton.	Badminton Players Federation	badminton
sport	FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg is an association football club from Saint Petersburg, in Northwest Russia.	FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg	association football
sport	The BetFred League of Legends was a darts tournament featuring some of the legends of the game of darts which commenced in May 2008.	BetFred League of Legends	darts
sport	Ross McMillan born 2 June 1987 in Chesterfield, England is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Greene King IPA Championship.	Ross McMillan	rugby union
sport	Naoya Ogawa (小川 直也 Ogawa Naoya, born 31 March 1968) is a Japanese former world judo champion, Olympic silver medalist, professional wrestler and mixed martial artist.	Naoya Ogawa	judo
sport	Sporting Olympique Avignon also known as Avignon XIII or SO Avignon are a professional rugby league team based in Avignon in the south of France.	Sporting Olympique Avignon	rugby league
sport	Dustin Hopkins (born October 1, 1990) is an American football kicker for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL).	Dustin Hopkins	American football
sport	The 1981 Women's Hockey World Cup, held in Buenos Aires, Argentina, was the fourth edition of the Women's Hockey World Cup field hockey tournament.	1981 Women's Hockey World Cup	field hockey
sport	David van Zanten (born 8 May 1982) is an Irish professional association football player who currently plays for Scottish League One side Airdrieonians.	David van Zanten	association football
sport	The Northern Sharks is a former Fijian rugby union team that had a franchise area coverering Vanua Levu, Taveuni, Ovalau, and Island Zone.	Northern Sharks	rugby union
sport	The Volvo Cross Country Challenge was an unofficial women's professional golf event on the Ladies European Tour.	Volvo Cross Country Challenge	golf
sport	The International Gymnastics Hall of Fame, located in Oklahoma City, USA, is a hall of fame dedicated to honoring the achievements and contributions of the world's greatest competitors, coaches and authorities in artistic gymnastics.	International Gymnastics Hall of Fame	gymnastics
sport	Earl Spencer Dunkley, (born September 5, 1969) was a former basketball player from the UK.	Spencer Dunkley	basketball
sport	The 2010 Grand Slam of Darts was the fourth staging of the darts tournament, the Grand Slam of Darts organised by the Professional Darts Corporation.	2010 Grand Slam of Darts	darts
sport	Jan Benda (born April 28, 1972) is a German ice hockey player and coach.	Jan Benda	ice hockey
sport	Walter Luckett, Jr. is an American former basketball player who is best known for his career at the high school and college levels.	Walter Luckett	basketball
sport	M.C. Caceres is a Filipino retired professional basketball player who last played for the Coca-Cola Tigers in the Philippine Basketball Association.	M.C. Caceres	basketball
sport	Caushaud Lyons (born January 3, 1993) is an American football Defensive end for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League.	Caushaud Lyons	American football
sport	The Dunst Opening is a chess opening where White opens with the move: 1.	Dunst Opening	chess
sport	Elmārs Zemgalis (9 September 1923 -- 8 December 2014), was a Latvian-American chess master and mathematics professor.	Elmārs Zemgalis	chess
sport	Lim Chang-yong (Hangul: 임창용; born June 4, 1976) is a South Korean professional baseball right-handed pitcher.	Lim Chang-yong	baseball
sport	The West of Scotland Cricket Club is a large cricket club based in Glasgow, Scotland.	West of Scotland Cricket Club	cricket
sport	The 1997 WTA German Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Rot-Weiss Tennis Club in Berlin in Germany that was part of Tier I of the 1997 WTA Tour.	1997 WTA German Open	tennis
sport	The 2014 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida in the sport of American football during the 2014 college football season.	2014 Florida Gators football team	American football
sport	The 2005 Women's World Amateur Boxing Championships was an international women's boxing competition hosted by Russia from September 25 to October 2, 2005 in Podolsk.	2005 Women's World Amateur Boxing Championships	boxing
sport	The Scotland Sevens was a rugby union sevens tournament that was part of the Sevens World Series.	Scotland Sevens	rugby union
sport	The 2015 NHK Trophy was an international figure skating competition in the 2015--16 season.	2015 NHK Trophy	figure skating
sport	Smith's Ballpark (formerly known as Franklin Quest Field, later Franklin Covey Field, and most recently Spring Mobile Ballpark) is a baseball park in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Smith's Ballpark	baseball
sport	Yen Hsing-su (born September 8, 1978), also known as Johnny Yen, is a Taiwanese basketball coach and former basketball player, singer and actor.	Yen Hsing-su	basketball
sport	Sofoklis Schortsanitis (Greek: Σοφοκλής Σχορτσιανίτης) (born 22 June 1985) is a Greek-Cameroonian professional basketball player who plays for PAOK of the Greek Basket League.	Sofoklis Schortsanitis	basketball
sport	PlunderChess is a chess variant in which the capturing piece is allowed to temporarily take the moving abilities of the piece taken.	PlunderChess	chess
sport	Martin Erat (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmarcɪn ˈɛrat)) (born August 28, 1981) is a Czech professional ice hockey player currently under contract to Avangard Omsk Region of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Martin Erat	ice hockey
sport	Ezio Bertuzzo (23 July 1952 -- 23 February 2014) was an Italian association football coach and player, whose career as a striker spanned from the mid-1960s until 1987.	Ezio Bertuzzo	association football
sport	Alexey Dreev (Russian: Алексей Дреев; born 20 January 1969) is a Russian chess grandmaster.	Alexey Dreev	chess
sport	The Swiss Indoors is a professional men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.	Swiss Indoors	tennis
sport	Antoaneta Stefanova (Bulgarian: Антоанета Стефанова; born 19 April 1979) is a Bulgarian chess grandmaster, Women's World Chess Champion from 2004 to 2006 and European Women's Champion of 2002.	Antoaneta Stefanova	chess
sport	Jovica Arsić (born in Leskovac, Serbia, November 3, 1968) (Serbian: Јовица Арсић, Macedonian: Јовица Арсиќ, Ukrainian: Йовіца Арсіч) is a Serbian professional basketball coach.	Jovica Arsić	basketball
sport	Charis Papageorgiou (alternate spelling: Haris) (Greek: Χάρης Παπαγεωργίου; born March 26, 1953 in Thessaloniki, Greece) is a Greek retired professional basketball player.	Charis Papageorgiou	basketball
sport	The 1999 FAI Cup Final was the deciding match of the 1998-99 FAI Cup, the national association football cup of Ireland.	1999 FAI Cup Final	association football
sport	Sébastien Lacroix (born 20 April 1983) is a French Nordic combined skier who has competed between 2001 and 2015.	Sébastien Lacroix	Nordic combined
sport	Ulriken Elite is a Norwegian basketball team.	Ulriken Elite	basketball
sport	The 2010 Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions was a singles-only tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.	2010 Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions	tennis
sport	The Dapper Dan Open was a professional golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played intermittently in the 1930s and 1940s.	Dapper Dan Open	golf
sport	Angela James (born December 22, 1964) is a Canadian former ice hockey player who played at the highest levels of senior hockey between 1980 and 2000.	Angela James	ice hockey
sport	Ron Thomas (born November 19, 1950 in Louisville, Kentucky) played basketball at both the college and professional level in the United States.	Ron Thomas	basketball
sport	Nick Dodge (born 1 May 1986 in Oakville, Ontario) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right wing.	Nick Dodge	ice hockey
sport	The Copenhagen Masters is a high-ranking tournament in badminton.	Copenhagen Masters	badminton
sport	Federico Ramiro Mor (born December 12, 1962 in Madrid, Spain) is a retired basketball player.	Federico Ramiro	basketball
sport	The Royal Spanish Athletics Federation (Spanish: Real Federación Española de Atletismo, RFEA), is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Spain.	Royal Spanish Athletics Federation	sport of athletics
sport	Sven Salumaa is a former professional tour tennis player who mostly played tour tennis in doubles.	Sven Salumaa	tennis
sport	The Carnival of Champions, as Don King nicknamed it, was an important boxing event held in New Orleans's Louisiana Superdome on December 3, 1982.	Carnival of Champions	boxing
sport	The Legends Football League (LFL) is a women's 7-on-7 tackle American football league, with games played in the spring and summer at NBA, NFL, NHL and MLS arenas and stadiums.	Legends Football League	American football
sport	The 2001 Adidas International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the NSW Tennis Centre in Sydney in Australia that was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour and of Tier II of the 2001 WTA Tour.	2001 Adidas International	tennis
sport	Jiří Hřebec (born 19 September 1950, in Teplice) is a retired Czech professional tennis player.	Jiří Hřebec	tennis
sport	Union Kavala B.C. is a Greek professional basketball club that is located in Kavala, Greece.	Union Kavala B.C.	basketball
sport	The AFC Asian Cup is an international association football tournament run by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC).	AFC Asian Cup	association football
sport	Pål Trulsen (born 19 April 1962 in Drøbak, Norway) is a Norwegian curler from Hosle in Bærum, and was the 2002 Olympic curling men's champion.	Pål Trulsen	curling
sport	The Senior PGA Championship is one of the five major championships in men's senior golf.	Senior PGA Championship	golf
sport	The United States Australian Football League (USAFL) is a governing body for Australian rules football in the United States.	United States Australian Football League	Australian rules football
sport	Dragan Todorić (Serbian: Драган Тодорић; born July 27, 1954), is a Serbian former professional basketball player and current sport director of Partizan Belgrade.	Dragan Todorić	basketball
sport	Chris Marinelli (born March 3, 1987 in Braintree, Massachusetts) is former American football offensive tackle.	Chris Marinelli	American football
sport	Malik Dixon (born in September 7, 1975) is an American former professional basketball player.	Malik Dixon	basketball
sport	Viktor Radev (Bulgarian: Виктор Бонев Радев) (November 19, 1936 -- August 31, 2014) was a Bulgarian basketball player.	Viktor Radev	basketball
sport	Klaus-Peter Thaler (born 14 May 1949 in Eckmannshausen, North Rhine-Westphalia) was a professional cyclist between 1976 and 1988, successful in road-racing and cyclo-cross.	Klaus-Peter Thaler	cyclo-cross
sport	The 2007 Crystal Skate of Romania was the Crystal Skate of Romania competition for the 2007--2008 figure skating season.	2007 Crystal Skate of Romania	figure skating
sport	Lindsay Bowen (born October 25, 1983) is a former American professional women's basketball player.	Lindsay Bowen	basketball
sport	The Six Days of Amsterdam (Dutch: Zesdaagse van Amsterdam) is an annual six-day track cycling race held annually at the Amsterdam Velodrome in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	Six Days of Amsterdam	track cycling
sport	Gary Ervin (born August 9, 1983) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Chorale Roanne Basket of the French LNB Pro B. He played college basketball for Mississippi State University and the University of Arkansas.	Gary Ervin	basketball
sport	The 2014 Aegon Trophy was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts.	2014 Aegon Trophy	tennis
sport	The 1983 Porsche Classic was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Stuttgart, Germany that was part of the 1983 Virginia Slims World Championship Series.	1983 Porsche Classic	tennis
sport	Eugenio Amore (born February 12, 1972 in Vergato) is a beach volleyball player from Italy.	Eugenio Amore	beach volleyball
sport	The Águilas de Mexicali (Mexicali Eagles) is a Mexican Pro baseball team playing for the Liga Mexicana del Pacífico (Mexican Pacific League) based in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico The team was founded on October 14, 1976.	Águilas de Mexicali	baseball
sport	The 2008 Tunis Open was a 2008 ATP Challenger Series tennis tournament.	2008 Tunis Open	tennis
sport	The Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball team located on the North Side of Chicago, Illinois.	Chicago Cubs	baseball
sport	The 2002 Women's World Amateur Boxing Championships was an international women's boxing competition hosted by Turkey from October 21 to 27 2002 in Antalya.	2002 Women's World Amateur Boxing Championships	boxing
sport	Boban Marjanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бобан Марјановић; born August 15, 1988) is a Serbian professional basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Boban Marjanović	basketball
sport	Wolfsberger AC are an Austrian association football club from Wolfsberg, Carinthia.	Wolfsberger AC	association football
sport	Pierre-Gilles Lakafia (b. 13 March 1987 in Tours, Indre-et-Loire, France) is a French rugby union player.	Pierre-Gilles Lakafia	rugby union
sport	Milan Hejduk (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɪlan ˈɦɛjduk); born February 14, 1976) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey forward.	Milan Hejduk	ice hockey
sport	Nienke Kremers (born 21 February 1985 in Eindhoven, Noord-Brabant) is a Dutch field hockey player, who plays as a midfielder for Dutch club HC Den Bosch.	Nienke Kremers	field hockey
sport	Fulvio Lorigiola (born Padova, 6 January 1959) is a former Italian rugby union player, a current sports executive and a lawyer.	Fulvio Lorigiola	rugby union
sport	Erubiel Durazo Cárdenas (born January 23, 1975) is a Mexican former professional baseball player.	Erubiel Durazo	baseball
sport	The Connecticut Crushers are a women's American football team based in Hartford, and a member of the Independent Women's Football League since 2009.	Connecticut Crushers	American football
sport	JayVaughn Pinkston (born November 27, 1991) is an American basketball player who completed his college career for Villanova University.	JayVaughn Pinkston	basketball
sport	Don Schlundt (March 15, 1933 -- October 10, 1985) was an American college basketball player.	Don Schlundt	basketball
sport	SC Genemuiden is a Dutch amateur association football club from Genemuiden, part of the municipality of Zwartewaterland, Overijssel.	SC Genemuiden	association football
sport	Olympique de Paris was a French association football team based in Paris which existed from 1895 to 1926.	Olympique de Paris	association football
sport	Arthur James Willard (22 April 1893 -- 10 June 1968), also known as Anthony Willard or Jim Willard, was an Australian tennis player.	James Willard	tennis
sport	The 2012 Rugby Championship was the inaugural annual rugby union series between the national rugby union teams of New Zealand, Australia, South Africa, and Argentina.	2012 Rugby Championship	rugby union
sport	The 1996 Cairns Cyclones season was the first season that the Cairns Cyclones rugby league team competed in the inaugural Queensland Cup.	1996 Cairns Cyclones season	rugby league
sport	The 2012 BWF Super Series Masters Finals was a top level badminton competition which was held from December 12 to December 16, 2012 in Shenzhen, China.	2012 BWF Super Series Masters Finals	badminton
sport	Diana Gandega (born June 2, 1983, in Paris) is a French-Malian women's basketball player.	Diana Gandega	basketball
sport	Martina Guiggi (born 1 May 1984, Pisa) is an Italian volleyball player who plays as a middle blocker.	Martina Guiggi	volleyball
sport	The Greenbrier Classic is a golf tournament on the PGA Tour, played on The Old White TPC at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia.	Greenbrier Classic	golf
sport	Abdul Gaddy Jr. (born January 26, 1992) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Virtus Bologna of the Lega Basket Serie A.	Abdul Gaddy	basketball
sport	The Mexican National Women's Championship (Campeonato Nacional Femenil in Spanish) is a professional wrestling championship for female wrestlers created and sanctioned by the Comisión de Box y Lucha Libre Mexico D.F. (the Mexico City Boxing and Wrestling Commission).	Mexican National Women's Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The Swedish Ice Hockey Association (SIHA) or Svenska Ishockeyförbundet in Swedish, is an association of Swedish sports clubs with ice hockey activities.	Swedish Ice Hockey Association	ice hockey
sport	The Tim Hortons Brier, or simply (and more commonly) the Brier, is the annual Canadian men's curling championship, sanctioned by the Canadian Curling Association (CCA).	Tim Hortons Brier	curling
sport	The Brazil International, also known as São Paulo International, is the most important international open badminton tournament of Brazil.	Brazil International	badminton
sport	Tristan Scherwey (born May 7, 1991) is a Swiss professional ice hockey Winger.	Tristan Scherwey	ice hockey
sport	The Japan Davis Cup team represents Japan in Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by the Japan Tennis Association.	Japan Davis Cup team	tennis
sport	The Orangeville A's are a Canadian professional basketball franchise based in Orangeville, Ontario.	Orangeville A's	basketball
sport	HAOK Mladost Zagreb is a professional volleyball team based in Zagreb, Croatia which is part of the HAŠK Mladost sports society.	HAOK Mladost	volleyball
sport	David Gonzalvez (born October 29, 1987) is an American professional basketball player for Kouvot in the Korisliiga.	David Gonzalvez	basketball
sport	Taufik Hidayat (born 10 August 1981 in Bandung, West Java) is a retired Indonesian badminton player.	Taufik Hidayat	badminton
sport	The 1991 FIBA Centennial Jubilee Basketball Tournament was the special edition tournament of the Acropolis International Basketball Tournament that was organized jointly by FIBA Europe and the Hellenic Basketball Federation to commemorate the 100 year anniversary of the sport of basketball.	1991 FIBA Centennial Jubilee Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	International Sports Management Limited (``ISM'') is a sports management agency based in Cheshire, England that represents leading figures from the sports of golf and cricket.	International Sports Management	golf
sport	The Barreteros de Zacatecas was a Mexican professional basketball team based in Zacatecas, Zacatecas, Mexico playing in the Southern Division of the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto Profesional (LNBP).	Barreteros de Zacatecas	basketball
spouse	Elizabeth Cromwell (née Bourchier; 1598--1665) was the wife of Oliver Cromwell, Lord Protector of England, Scotland and Ireland.	Elizabeth Cromwell	Oliver Cromwell
spouse	Constance of Austria (German: Konstanza; Polish: Konstancja; 24 December 1588 -- 10 July 1631) was queen of Poland as the second wife of King Sigismund III Vasa and the mother of King John II Casimir.	Constance of Austria	Sigismund III Vasa
spouse	Barbara Minty, also known as Barbara Minty McQueen, is a former fashion model who was the third wife and, after his death, the widow of American film star Steve McQueen.	Barbara Minty	Steve McQueen
spouse	Madlena Zepter, Madlena Janković is wife of the Philip Zepter, Serbian businessman.	Madlena Zepter	Philip Zepter
spouse	Betty Kaunda, born Beatrice Kaweche Banda (17 November 1928 -- 18 September 2012), was the wife of Zambia's first president Kenneth Kaunda, and the First Lady of Zambia from 1964 to 1991.	Betty Kaunda	Kenneth Kaunda
spouse	Ahasuerus is given as the name of the King of Persia in the Book of Esther.	Ahasuerus	Esther
spouse	Gladys Yang (Chinese: 戴乃迭; pinyin: Dài Nǎidié; 19 January 1919 -- 18 November 1999) was a British translator of Chinese literature and the wife of another noted literary translator, Yang Xianyi.	Gladys Yang	Yang Xianyi
spouse	When Liu Qi died shortly after Liu Bei secured his position in the area, the latter succeeded the former as the new governor of Jing Province, and went to Jianye to marry Sun Quan's younger sister Lady Sun in order to legitimatise his succession.	Liu Bei	Lady Sun
spouse	Mary Anita Thigpen Perry (born May 5, 1952) is the longest-serving First Lady of Texas, and the wife of Governor Rick Perry, who was in office from 2000 to 2015.	Anita Thigpen Perry	Rick Perry
spouse	Jean-Daniel Lafond CC (born 18 August 1944) is a French-born Canadian filmmaker, ex-teacher of philosophy, and the husband to the former Governor General Michaëlle Jean, making him the Viceregal Consort of Canada during her service.	Jean-Daniel Lafond	Michaëlle Jean
spouse	Martha Washington (née Dandridge; June 13 (O.S. June 2) 1731-- May 22, 1802) was the wife of George Washington, the first president of the United States.	Martha Washington	George Washington
spouse	Catherine Vasa (Swedish: Katarina Gustavsdotter Vasa; 6 June 1539 -- 21 December 1610) was a Swedish princess, and the Countess consort of East Frisia as the spouse of Edzard II, Count of East Frisia.	Catherine Vasa	Edzard II, Count of East Frisia
spouse	The wife of medical doctor and numismatist Charles Patin, and daughter of medical doctor and letter writer Guy Patin, Madeleine Patin wrote philosophical and moral reflections.	Madeleine Patin	Charles Patin
spouse	Princess Marie Anne of Saxe-Altenburg (14 March 1864 -- 3 May 1918) was the consort of Georg, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe.	Princess Marie Anne of Saxe-Altenburg	Georg, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe
spouse	It was organized by the king's foster brother, Helmichis, with the support of Alboin's wife, Rosamund, daughter of the Gepid king whom Alboin had killed some years earlier.	Alboin	Rosamund
spouse	Eleanor Percy, Duchess of Northumberland (1820--1911) was the wife of Algernon Percy, 4th Duke of Northumberland.	Eleanor Percy, Duchess of Northumberland	Algernon Percy, 4th Duke of Northumberland
taxon rank	Buckleya is a genus of hemiparasitic shrubs in the sandalwood family.	Buckleya	genus
taxon rank	Caloschemia pulchra is a species of moth of the Callidulidae family.	Caloschemia pulchra	species
taxon rank	Alternaria alternata is a fungus which has been recorded causing leaf spot and other diseases on over 380 host species of plant.	Alternaria alternata	species
taxon rank	Androlaelaps fahrenholzi is a species of mite in the genus Androlaelaps of the family Laelapidae.	Androlaelaps fahrenholzi	species
taxon rank	Senecio integerrimus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names lambstongue ragwort and tall western groundsel.	Senecio integerrimus	species
taxon rank	Rubus tardatusis a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus tardatus	species
taxon rank	Melibe viridis is a species of sea slug, a nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tethydidae.	Melibe viridis	species
taxon rank	Erigeron lanatus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name woolly fleabane.	Erigeron lanatus	species
taxon rank	Ornithomimoides (``bird mimic-like'') is a dubious genus of small theropod dinosaur, from the Late Cretaceous period (Maastrichtian stage, sometime between 70--66 mya) of India.	Ornithomimoides	genus
taxon rank	Nothobranchius kirki, the redfin notho, is a species of African rivuline endemic to Malawi where it occurs in the drainages of Lake Malawi and Lake Chilwa.	Nothobranchius kirki	species
taxon rank	The only species is Ikakogi tayrona, or the Magdalena giant glass frog.	Ikakogi	species
taxon rank	Vriesea amethystina is a species of tropical epiphyte of the genus Vriesea.	Vriesea amethystina	species
taxon rank	Pachypodium rutenbergianum is a species of Pachypodium originated from and native to Madagascar.	Pachypodium rutenbergianum	species
taxon rank	Acanthophoenix crinita is a species of palm which is endemic to Réunion.	Acanthophoenix crinita	species
taxon rank	The species name Venerupis decussata (Linnaeus, 1758) is considered valid by the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS) with a range limited to the north east Atlantic Ocean.	Venerupis decussata	species
taxon rank	Lasiancistrus tentaculatus is a species of armored catfish found in the Orinoco River basin of Colombia and Venezuela.	Lasiancistrus tentaculatus	species
taxon rank	Stictoleptura deyrollei is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Turkey and North Iran.	Stictoleptura deyrollei	species
taxon rank	The Icaleptidae are a small family of neotropical harvestmen within the suborder Laniatores.	Icaleptidae	family
taxon rank	Emoia atrocostata, commonly known as the mangrove skink, is a species of lizard in the family Scincidae.	Emoia atrocostata	species
taxon rank	Asteracmea suteri is a species of sea snail or true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae.	Asteracmea suteri	species
taxon rank	Bifidobacterium dentium is a species of bacteria in the genus Bifidobacterium, branched anaerobic bacteria from the Bifidobacteriaceae family.	Bifidobacterium dentium	species
taxon rank	Felimida socorroensis is a species of colourful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae	Felimida socorroensis	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia myrsinites, the myrtle spurge, blue spurge, or broad-leaved glaucous-spurge, is a succulent species of the spurge (family Euphorbiaceae).	Euphorbia myrsinites	species
taxon rank	Orientopsaltria is a genus of cicadas from Southeast Asia.	Orientopsaltria	genus
taxon rank	Ziziphus parryi is a species of flowering plant in the buckthorn family known by the common name Parry's jujube.	Ziziphus parryi	species
taxon rank	Epitonium minora is a species of small predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Epitoniidae, the wentletraps.	Epitonium minora	species
taxon rank	Macquarie perch are a relatively placid native fish species with the bulk of their diet consisting of aquatic invertebrates such as caddisfly, stonefly and mayfly species, with a small quantity of terrestrial insects taken as well.	Macquarie perch	species
taxon rank	Schoenoplectus americanus (syn. Scirpus americanus) is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common names chairmaker's bulrush and Olney's three-square bulrush.	Schoenoplectus americanus	species
taxon rank	Colostethus fraterdanieli (common name: Santa Rita rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.	Colostethus fraterdanieli	species
taxon rank	Oiceoptoma is a genus of carrion beetles.	Oiceoptoma	genus
taxon rank	Atriplex amnicola, commonly known as river saltbush or swamp saltbush, is a species of shrub in the Amaranthaceae family.	Atriplex amnicola	species
taxon rank	Acer chaneyi is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a number of fossil leaves and samaras.	Acer chaneyi	species
taxon rank	Polistes gallicus (also historically referred to as Polistes foederatus) is a fairly common species of paper wasp found in various parts of Europe, excluding England, Denmark, and Scandinavia, from warmer climates to cooler regions north of the Alps.	Polistes gallicus	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis lukugae is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Luvua River drainage.	Chiloglanis lukugae	species
taxon rank	Raphia australis, the giant palm or rafia, is a species of raffia palm in the Arecaceae family.	Raphia australis	species
taxon rank	Labrisomus guppyi, the Mimic blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea from south Florida to Fernando de Noronha where it inhabits such areas as reefs, near shore areas with rock or rubble covered in algae and beds of seagrass.	Labrisomus guppyi	species
taxon rank	Absconditella amabilis is a species of fungi within the Stictidaceae family, first found in inland rainforests of British Columbia.	Absconditella amabilis	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum vimineum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name wickerstem buckwheat.	Eriogonum vimineum	species
taxon rank	Arctosa stigmosa is a wolf spider species found in Europe (France, Norway to Ukraine).	Arctosa stigmosa	species
taxon rank	Drummond's onion (Allium drummondii), also known as Wild garlic and the Prairie onion, is a North American species of onion native to the southern Great Plains of North America.	Allium drummondii	species
taxon rank	Partulina variabilis (Lanai tree snail) is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae.	Partulina variabilis	species
taxon rank	Creobroter nebulosus is a species of praying mantis in the genus Creobroter in the order Mantodea.	Creobroter nebulosus	species
taxon rank	Zodarion ludibundum is a spider species found in Corsica, Sicily and Algeria.	Zodarion ludibundum	species
taxon rank	Simocetus (from simus, ``pug-nosed'', and cetus, ``whale'') is an extinct genus of toothed whale that lived during the Oligocene period, approximately 32 million years ago, making it the oldest named toothed whale, although older unnamed toothed whales exist.	Simocetus	genus
taxon rank	The fungal order Agaricales, also known as gilled mushrooms (for their distinctive gills) or euagarics, contains some of the most familiar types of mushrooms.	Agaricales	order
taxon rank	Hypancistrocerus is a rather small neotropical genus of potter wasps which is very close to the Genus Stenodynerus.	Hypancistrocerus	genus
taxon rank	The family Proteidae is a group of aquatic salamanders found today in the Balkan Peninsula and North America.	Proteidae	family
taxon rank	Yanornithiformes is an order of ornithuromorph birds from the early Cretaceous Period of China.	Yanornithiformes	order
taxon rank	Chthonius minotaurus is a species of pseudoscorpion in the Chthoniusidae family that is endemic to Crete.	Chthonius minotaurus	species
taxon rank	Channa burmanica is an endemic species of snakehead from northern Burma.	Channa burmanica	species
taxon rank	Pachycondyla petrosa is an extinct species of ants in the formicid subfamily Ponerinae described from a fossil found in Europe.	Pachycondyla petrosa	species
taxon rank	Epidendrium billeeanum, commonly known as the Yellow sea snail or the Golden wentletrap, is a species of small predator and ectoparasite sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Epitoniidae, the wentletraps.	Epidendrium billeeanum	species
taxon rank	Diadophis punctatus edwardsii, commonly known as the Northern ringneck snake, is a subspecies of Diadophis punctatus.	Diadophis punctatus edwardsii	subspecies
taxon rank	Allium callimischon is a plant species native to southwestern Turkey and to southern Greece (including Peloponnese and the Island of Crete).	Allium callimischon	species
taxon rank	Hyphalosaurus (meaning ``submerged lizard'') is a genus of freshwater aquatic reptiles which represent a major part of the Jehol Biota.	Hyphalosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Banksia kingii is an extinct species of tree or shrub in the plant genus Banksia.	Banksia kingii	species
taxon rank	Qatranilestes is an extinct genus of afrosoricid which existed in Fayum, Egypt during the earliest Oligocene period (Rupelian age).	Qatranilestes	genus
taxon rank	The Candrena Eighty-eight or Number Eighty (Diaethria candrena) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.	Diaethria candrena	species
taxon rank	Pupinella rufa is a species of land snail with an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the superfamily Cyclophoroidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Pupinella rufa	species
taxon rank	Hedyscepe canterburyana, the big mountain palm or umbrella palm, is the sole species in the genus Hedyscepe of the Arecaceae family.	Hedyscepe	genus
taxon rank	Polybia rejecta is a species of social wasp found in the Neotropics region of the world.	Polybia rejecta	species
taxon rank	Veronica formosa is a flowering plant species of the family Plantaginaceae, endemic to Tasmania in Australia.	Veronica formosa	species
taxon rank	Orthotylus junipericola is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found on Azores, and in countries like Bulgaria, France, Greece, Spain, and Dodecanese Islands.	Orthotylus junipericola	species
taxon rank	Otopharynx tetrastigma is a species of cichlid native to Lake Malawi, Lake Malombe and the upper reaches of the Shire River.	Otopharynx tetrastigma	species
taxon rank	Caulokaempferia is a group of plants in the ginger family described as a genus in 1964.	Caulokaempferia	genus
taxon rank	Festuca gautieri, commonly known as spiky fescue or bearskin fescue, is a species of flowering plant in the grass family, Poaceae, native to the Pyrenees.	Festuca gautieri	species
taxon rank	Rhinella chavin is a species of toad from family Bufonidae that is endemic to Peru.	Rhinella chavin	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces glauciniger is a mesophilic bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in south China.	Streptomyces glauciniger	species
taxon rank	Abantiades latipennis, known as the Pindi moth, is a species of moth in the Hepialidae family.	Abantiades latipennis	species
taxon rank	Diloma is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Diloma	genus
taxon rank	Chrysothamnus stylosus called pillar false gumweed, or resinbush, is a species of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Chrysothamnus stylosus	species
taxon rank	Codonanthe is a New World genus, consists of a dozen or more species of evergreen epiphytic compact creeping vines with rooting along their stems, and scandent herbs or subshrubs with woody, upright stems from Brazil, Guiana, Central America and West Indies.	Codonanthe	genus
taxon rank	Selenicereus grandiflorus is a cactus species originating from the Antilles, Mexico and Central America.	Selenicereus grandiflorus	species
taxon rank	Neodiprion sertifer, the European pine sawfly, is a sawfly species in the genus Neodiprion.	Neodiprion sertifer	species
taxon rank	Mimepaphra borneana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimepaphra.	Mimepaphra borneana	species
taxon rank	Adetomyrma is a genus of ants endemic to Madagascar.	Adetomyrma	genus
taxon rank	Basilicum is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae, first described in 1802.	Basilicum	genus
taxon rank	Psidium guineense is a species of guava.	Psidium guineense	species
taxon rank	The yellow spear-winged fly or Lonchoptera lutea, is the type species of the genus Lonchoptera.	Lonchoptera lutea	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic family, consisting of the single genus Arachnomyces.	Arachnomyces	genus
taxon rank	Pseudegalicia tetrops is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudegalicia.	Pseudegalicia tetrops	species
taxon rank	Jameson's firefinch (Lagonosticta rhodopareia) is a common species of estrildid finch found in Southern Africa.	Jameson's firefinch	species
taxon rank	Helluoherpia is a genus of pholidoskepian solenogasters, shell-less, worm-like marine mollusks.	Helluoherpia	genus
taxon rank	Pugnus is a genus of very small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Marginellidae.	Pugnus	genus
taxon rank	Thalasseus, the crested terns, is a genus of six species of seabirds in the tern family.	Thalasseus	genus
taxon rank	Phelsuma comorensis Boettger, 1913 is a species of geckos that lives on the island Grande Comore and typically dwells on trees.	Phelsuma comorensis	species
taxon rank	Agastache foeniculum (blue giant hyssop; syn. Agastache anethiodora (Nutt.) Britton), commonly called anise hyssop, blue giant hyssop, Fragrant giant hyssop, or the lavender giant hyssop, is a species of perennial plant in the mint family, (Lamiaceae).	Agastache foeniculum	species
taxon rank	Schizopygopsis younghusbandi is a species of ray-finned fish endemic to Tibet.	Schizopygopsis younghusbandi	species
taxon rank	Pseudomulleria dalyi is a species of bivalve in the Etheriidae family.	Pseudomulleria dalyi	species
taxon rank	Acinos arvensis, known commonly as basil thyme and spring savory, is a species of plant of the genus Acinos.	Acinos arvensis	species
taxon rank	Phyllostachys edulis, moso bamboo, or tortoise-shell bamboo, or mao zhu (Chinese: 毛竹; pinyin: máozhú), (Japanese モウソウチク(孟宗竹)) is a temperate species of giant timber bamboo native to China and Taiwan and naturalised elsewhere.	Phyllostachys edulis	species
taxon rank	Coryphopterus glaucofraenum, the Bridled goby, is a species of goby native to the Western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea from North Carolina to Brazil.	Coryphopterus glaucofraenum	species
taxon rank	Stemonitis axifera is a species of slime mold.	Stemonitis axifera	species
taxon rank	Epidendrum polyanthum (gloss: ``many flowers upon a tree'') is a species of orchid in the genus Epidendrum.	Epidendrum polyanthum	species
taxon rank	Lappula squarrosa is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by several common names, including European stickseed, bur forget-me-not, bluebur, and bristly sheepbur.	Lappula squarrosa	species
taxon rank	Ippitoides uniformis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Ippitoides.	Ippitoides uniformis	species
taxon rank	Elymus canadensis is a species of wild rye known by the common name Canada wild rye.	Elymus canadensis	species
taxon rank	Lineus is a genus of nemertine worms, including the bootlace worm, arguably the longest animal alive.	Lineus	genus
taxon rank	Zosimus aeneus is a species of crab that lives on coral reefs in the Indo-Pacific from East Africa to Hawaii.	Zosimus aeneus	species
taxon rank	Erigeron schmalhausenii is an Asian species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Erigeron schmalhausenii	species
taxon rank	Chorizanthe angustifolia is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name narrowleaf spineflower.	Chorizanthe angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Halictus ligatus is a species of sweat bee from the family Halictidae, characterized by those bees that mine or burrow into the ground to create their nests.	Halictus ligatus	species
taxon rank	Festuca occidentalis is a species of grass known by the common name western fescue.	Festuca occidentalis	species
taxon rank	In taxonomy, the Methanopyrales are an order of the methanopyri.	Methanopyrales	order
taxon rank	Lygosoma veunsaiensis is a species of skink that is endemic to northeastern Cambodia.	Lygosoma veunsaiensis	species
taxon rank	Gilia latiflora is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names hollyleaf gilia and broad-flowered gilia.	Gilia latiflora	species
taxon rank	Cimolomys is a mammal genus from the Upper Cretaceous of North America.	Cimolomys	genus
taxon rank	Azteca aragua is a species of ant in the genus Azteca.	Azteca aragua	species
taxon rank	Cotoneaster pannosus (commonly known as silverleaf cotoneaster') is a species of cotoneaster known by the common name silverleaf cotoneaster.	Cotoneaster pannosus	species
taxon rank	Turbo exquisitus, common name the exquisite turban, is a species of sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.	Turbo exquisitus	species
taxon rank	Drosophila hydei is a species of Diptera, or the order of flies, in the family Drosophilidae.	Drosophila hydei	species
taxon rank	Dodonaea triquetra, known as common hop bush or large leaf hop bush, is a species of shrub occurring in eastern Australia.	Dodonaea triquetra	species
taxon rank	Staurocumites is an extinct genus of sea cucumber which existed in Europe during the Triassic and Jurassic periods.	Staurocumites	genus
taxon rank	Cenchrus biflorus is a species of annual grass in the Poaceae family.	Cenchrus biflorus	species
taxon rank	Rosa anemoniflora is a species of rose found in France.	Rosa anemoniflora	species
taxon rank	The family Scarabaeidae as currently defined consists of over 30,000 species of beetles worldwide, often called scarabs or scarab beetles.	Scarabaeidae	family
taxon rank	The Cross River bushbaby (Sciurocheirus cameronensis) is a species of primate in the family Galagidae found in northwestern Cameroon and southeastern Nigeria.	Cross River bushbaby	species
taxon rank	Erythroxylum echinodendron was a species of plant in the Erythroxylaceae family.	Erythroxylum echinodendron	species
taxon rank	Phyciodes, commonly but ambiguously called the ``crescents'' or ``crescentspots'' (like some related genera) is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Nymphalinae in the family Nymphalidae.	Phyciodes	genus
taxon rank	Guiomys is an extinct genus of cavioid rodent which existed in west central Patagonia of Argentina, during the middle Miocene.	Guiomys	genus
taxon rank	Graus nigra is a species of sea chub endemic to the Pacific waters off the coast of Chile.	Graus nigra	species
taxon rank	Dioryctria reniculelloides, the spruce coneworm, is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae.	Dioryctria reniculelloides	species
taxon rank	Bathocyroe fosteri is a species of lobate ctenophore found at intermediate depths in all the world's oceans.	Bathocyroe fosteri	species
taxon rank	The common hippopotamus (Hippopotamus amphibius), or hippo, is a large, mostly herbivorous mammal in sub-Saharan Africa, and one of only two extant species in the family Hippopotamidae, the other being the pygmy hippopotamus (Choeropsis liberiensis or Hexaprotodon liberiensis).	Hippopotamus	species
taxon rank	Ewartia is a genus of daisies native to New Zealand and Australia.	Ewartia	genus
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops tricolor, or the Three-colored blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops tricolor	species
taxon rank	Salix hultenii is a species of willow native to Hokkaidō (Japan), (South Korea), Kuriles, Sakhalin and Kamchatka (Russia).	Salix hultenii	species
taxon rank	Gerrardanthus is a genus of flowering plants native to tropical Africa and South Africa, first described by William Henry Harvey (1811--1866), and named in honor of William Tyrer Gerrard (died 1866 in Mahavelona, Madagascar), botanical collector in Natal and Madagascar in the 1860s.	Gerrardanthus	genus
taxon rank	Olpogastra lugubris, the slender bottletail, is a monotypic species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Olpogastra lugubris	species
taxon rank	Georissa biangulata is a species of minute cave snails that have an operculum.	Georissa biangulata	species
taxon rank	Mesodmops is a genus of small mammal from the Eocene of China.	Mesodmops	genus
taxon rank	†Anoptychiidae is an extinct taxonomic family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.	Anoptychiidae	family
taxon rank	Holasteroida is an order of irregular sea urchins.	Holasteroida	order
taxon rank	Wolffia globosa is a species of flowering plant known by the common name Asian watermeal.	Wolffia globosa	species
taxon rank	Helochares is a genus of hydrophilid beetles with over 180 species in five subgenera worldwide.	Helochares	genus
taxon rank	Brachycephalus pitanga is a species of frog of the family Brachycephalidae.	Brachycephalus pitanga	species
taxon rank	Eucephalus tomentellus is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Brickellbush aster or rayless aster.	Eucephalus tomentellus	species
taxon rank	Causus rhombeatus is a venomous viper species endemic to subsaharan Africa.	Causus rhombeatus	species
taxon rank	Palinurus mauritanicus (common name: pink spiny lobster) is a species of spiny lobster.	Palinurus mauritanicus	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Pentapleura subulifera, native to southeastern Turkey and northern Iraq.	Pentapleura	species
taxon rank	Aceria erinea is a species of mites belonging to the family Eriophyidae, the gall mites.	Aceria erinea	species
taxon rank	Acicula palaestinensis is a species of very small land snail with an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Aciculidae.	Acicula palaestinensis	species
taxon rank	Utricularia delicatula is a terrestrial species of bladderwort and is unique within its genus in being endemic to New Zealand.	Utricularia delicatula	species
taxon rank	Neonoemacheilus is a genus of Asian stone loaches.	Neonoemacheilus	genus
taxon rank	Bolma persica, common name the peach bolma, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Bolma persica	species
taxon rank	Liobagrus anguillicauda is a species of catfish in the Amblycipitidae family (the torrent catfishes) endemic to the province of Fujian in China.	Liobagrus anguillicauda	species
taxon rank	Pardosa drenskii is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found in Bulgaria.	Pardosa drenskii	species
taxon rank	Artemisia alaskana, the Alaskan sagebrush or Alaskan wormwood or Siberian wormwood, is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Artemisia alaskana	species
taxon rank	Opuntia diploursina is a species in the Cactaceae family, that grows near the Grand Canyon and Lake Mead National Recreation Area.	Opuntia diploursina	species
taxon rank	Ponera is a genus of ponerine ants.	Ponera	genus
taxon rank	Gymnogyps varonai, sometimes called the Cuban condor, is an extinct species of large New World vultures in the family Cathartidae.	Gymnogyps varonai	species
taxon rank	Myrmecia flavicoma is an ant species native to Australia.	Myrmecia flavicoma	species
taxon rank	Durbaniopsis is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The single species is endemic to the Afrotropics.	Durbaniopsis	genus
taxon rank	Reedbuck is a common name for African antelopes from the genus Redunca.	Reedbuck	genus
taxon rank	Microstrophia nana is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae.	Microstrophia nana	species
taxon rank	The Flores crow (Corvus florensis) is a species of bird in the family Corvidae.	Flores crow	species
taxon rank	Metriorhynchoidea is an extinct superfamily of thalattosuchian crocodyliforms from the early Middle Jurassic to the Early Cretaceous (Aalenian - Valanginian) of Europe, North America and South America.	Metriorhynchoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Pedostibes kempi is a species of toad found in India.	Pedostibes kempi	species
taxon rank	Farlowella gracilis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Colombia where it is found in the Caqueta River basin.	Farlowella gracilis	species
taxon rank	Lemuridae is a family of strepsirrhine primates native to Madagascar, and the Comoro Islands.	Lemuridae	family
taxon rank	Ammotrechidae are a family of solifuges distributed in the Americas and the Caribbean Islands.	Ammotrechidae	family
taxon rank	Laternea pusilla is a species of fungi in the Phallaceae family.	Laternea pusilla	species
taxon rank	Lambertella is a genus of fungi in the family Rutstroemiaceae.	Lambertella	genus
taxon rank	Mesolenellus is an extinct genus of trilobites that lived during the lower Cambrian (Botomian), found in Greenland and Spitsbergen.	Mesolenellus	genus
taxon rank	Gobiceratops is a genus of ceratopsian dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of Mongolia.	Gobiceratops	genus
taxon rank	Hedruris spinigera are widely distributed within New Zealand, scientists found that the distribution appears to be limited within the coastal area, especially in brackish waters.The prevalence of Hedruris spinigera depends on species of fishes.	Hedruris spinigera	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus populago is a species of buttercup known by the common names popular buttercup and mountain buttercup.	Ranunculus populago	species
taxon rank	Pygmaleptostylus pygmaeus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Pygmaleptostylus.	Pygmaleptostylus	species
taxon rank	Phylloporus arenicola is a species of bolete mushroom in the family Boletaceae.	Phylloporus arenicola	species
taxon rank	Polarella is a genus of Alveolata.	Polarella	genus
taxon rank	Hebomoia is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae.There are two widespread, strong-flying southeast Asian species that are among the largest pierids.	Hebomoia	genus
taxon rank	Cyrtodactylus phongnhakebangensis (Vietnamese: Thằn lằn Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng) is a species of gecko native to Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng National Park, Quảng Bình Province, North Central Coast, Vietnam.	Cyrtodactylus phongnhakebangensis	species
taxon rank	Pinus oocarpa is a species of pine tree native to Mexico and Central America.	Pinus oocarpa	species
taxon rank	Luzula nivea, commonly known as snow-white wood-rush, snowy wood-rush and lesser wood-rush, is a species of perennial plant in Juncaceae family.	Luzula nivea	species
taxon rank	Chaerophyllum elegans is a flowering plant species in the genus Chaerophyllum found in the Alps from Switzerland, France and Italy.	Chaerophyllum elegans	species
taxon rank	Agyneta palgongsanensis is a species of sheet weaver found in China, Korea and Russia.	Agyneta palgongsanensis	species
taxon rank	Leshansaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur from the Mid to Late Jurassic Dashanpu Formation of what is now China.	Leshansaurus	genus
taxon rank	Paraneetroplus is a genus of cichlids native to rivers in Central America.	Paraneetroplus	genus
taxon rank	Amorphospermum is a genus of plants in the Sapotaceae family described as a genus in 1870.	Amorphospermum	genus
taxon rank	Streblote cristata is a species of moth in the family Lasiocampidae, the so-called eggars, snout moths or lappet moths.	Streblote cristata	species
taxon rank	Cattleya intermedia (``The Intermediate Cattleya'') is a bifoliate Cattleya species of orchid.	Cattleya intermedia	species
taxon rank	The genus's lone-described species, Orvilleus crassus, is found only in Panama.	Orvilleus	species
taxon rank	Cryptomonas is the name-giving genus of the cryptomonads.	Cryptomonas	genus
taxon rank	Swietenia mahagoni, commonly known as the West Indian mahogany, is a species of Swietenia native to southern Florida in the United States and islands in the Caribbean including the Bahamas, Cuba, Jamaica, and Hispaniola.	Swietenia mahagoni	species
taxon rank	Grindelia integrifolia, common name Puget Sound gumweed, is a plant species known only from Oregon, Washington and British Columbia.	Grindelia integrifolia	species
taxon rank	Panagaeus robustus is a species of ground beetle in the Panagaeinae subfamily that can be found in Japan and Maritime province of Russia.	Panagaeus robustus	species
taxon rank	Whereas the species usually has one anther, Prosthechea cochleata var. triandra is an endangered variety that has three anthers and is autogamous, allowing its existence in Florida where no appropriate pollinators appear to be present.	Prosthechea cochleata	species
taxon rank	Orcuttia tenuis (slender Orcutt grass) is a species of grass which is endemic to northern California.	Orcuttia tenuis	species
taxon rank	The Eurotiales are an order of sac fungi, also known as the green and blue molds.	Eurotiales	order
taxon rank	Paramuricea clavata, the violescent sea-whip, is a species of colonial soft coral in the family Plexauridae.	Paramuricea clavata	species
taxon rank	Cyrtodesmus humerosus is a species of millipede in the family Cyrtodesmidae that is endemic to San Vito, Costa Rica, where it was found on April 19, 1972.	Cyrtodesmus humerosus	species
taxon rank	Alveopora fenestrata is a species of stony coral that is found in the Red Sea, the Gulf of Aden, the southwest and northern Indian Ocean, the central Indo-Pacific, Australia, Southeast Asia and the oceanic west Pacific Ocean.	Alveopora fenestrata	species
taxon rank	Dinoderus minutus is a species of wood-boring beetle.	Dinoderus minutus	species
taxon rank	Pseudochromis fridmani is a species of fish in the family Pseudochromidae, the dottybacks.	Pseudochromis fridmani	species
taxon rank	Sternarchorhamphus muelleri is a species of ghost knifefish that occurs in the Amazon River Basin.	Sternarchorhamphus muelleri	species
taxon rank	Crypsis vaginiflora is a species of grass known by the common name modest pricklegrass.	Crypsis vaginiflora	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus andersonii is a species of buttercup known by the common name Anderson's buttercup.	Ranunculus andersonii	species
taxon rank	Samaris is a genus of crested flounders native to the Indo-Pacific.	Samaris	genus
taxon rank	The sablefishes are a family, Anoplopomatidae, of scorpaeniform fishes.	Anoplopomatidae	family
taxon rank	The Junaluska salamander (Eurycea junaluska) is a species of lungless salamander native to the Southeastern United States.	Junaluska salamander	species
taxon rank	Dioscorea trifida is a species of flowering plant in the family Dioscoreaceae.	Dioscorea trifida	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops leptepileptus, or the Haitian border thread snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops leptepileptus	species
taxon rank	Amorpha californica is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name California false indigo.	Amorpha californica	species
taxon rank	The Tymovirales are a newly established order of viruses in the 2009 classification with four families.	Tymovirales	order
taxon rank	Chimaerasuchidae (``Chimera crocodiles'') is a family of mesoeucrocodylians.	Chimaerasuchidae	family
taxon rank	Lumbricus rubellus is a species of earthworm that is related to Lumbricus terrestris.	Lumbricus rubellus	species
taxon rank	Hoplocorypha carli is a species of praying mantis found in Rwanda.	Hoplocorypha carli	species
taxon rank	Drepanolepis is an extinct genus of thelodont which lived in Canada during the Early Devonian period.	Drepanolepis	genus
taxon rank	Tropicoritus ruwenzorii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Tropicoritus.	Tropicoritus	species
taxon rank	†Neptunea angulata is an extinct species of large fossil sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae.	Neptunea angulata	species
taxon rank	Orrorin tugenensis is a postulated early species of Homininae, estimated at 6.1 to 5.7 million years (Ma) and discovered in 2000.	Orrorin	species
taxon rank	Psychotria minimicalyx is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family.	Psychotria minimicalyx	species
taxon rank	Lentigo pipus, common name : the Elegant Conch, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Lentigo pipus	species
taxon rank	Tonna melanostoma is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tonnidae, the tun shells.	Tonna melanostoma	species
taxon rank	Sthenomerus is an extinct genus of Diprotodontia.	Sthenomerus	genus
taxon rank	Silurus is a genus of catfishes native to Europe and Asia.	Silurus	genus
taxon rank	Saccoloma is a fern genus in family Saccolomataceae.	Saccoloma	genus
taxon rank	Rhytisma is a genus of fungi in the Rhytismataceae family commonly known as 'tar spot'.	Rhytisma	genus
taxon rank	The Cyanophyllum Scale, Abgrallaspis cyanophylli (Signoret), is one of nine species of the Abgrallaspis genus of armored scale insects.	Abgrallaspis cyanophylli	species
taxon rank	The Mesopotamian crow is a subspecies of the hooded crow (Corvus cornix), but is also sometimes distinguished as its own species of crow, as it is characterized by its pied coloration.	Mesopotamian crow	subspecies
taxon rank	Thomas's langur (Presbytis thomasi) is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae.	Thomas's langur	species
taxon rank	Hemipsilichthys papillatus is a species of loricariid catfish endemic to Brazil, where it is restricted to the Rio Preto, a tributary of the Paraíba do Sul, in the southeastern states of Minas Gerais, Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo.	Hemipsilichthys papillatus	species
taxon rank	Iva asperifolia, the Pensacola marsh elder, is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Iva asperifolia	species
taxon rank	Pygidicranidae is a family of earwigs, formerly placed in the suborder Forficulina, now in the suborder Neodermaptera.	Pygidicranidae	family
taxon rank	Orchis italica, commonly known as the naked man orchid or the Italian orchid, is a species of orchid native to the Mediterranean.	Orchis italica	species
taxon rank	The Central Mexican broad-clawed shrew (Cryptotis alticola ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Central Mexican broad-clawed shrew	species
taxon rank	Wannchampsus (``Wann Langston, Jr.'s crocodile'') is an extinct genus of paralligatorid neosuchian, close to but not a true crocodilian.	Wannchampsus	genus
taxon rank	Hemiphractus scutatus (Spix's horned treefrog) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.	Hemiphractus scutatus	species
taxon rank	Micropterix amsella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Heath in 1975, and is endemic to Croatia.	Micropterix amsella	species
taxon rank	Raorchestes ghatei (common name: Ghate's shrub frog) is a species of shrub frog from the Western Ghats of Maharashtra.	Raorchestes ghatei	species
taxon rank	Gomphocerini is a tribe of grasshoppers of the family Acrididae.	Gomphocerini	tribe
taxon rank	Nebria jeffreyi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to US state of Oregon.	Nebria jeffreyi	species
taxon rank	Erythronium oregonum is a North American species of flowering plant in the lily family which is known by the common name giant white fawnlily or Oregon fawn-lily.	Erythronium oregonum	species
taxon rank	Litoceras is a trocholitid (Tarphycerida) genus that has been found in the Lower and Middle Ordovician of Newfoundland.	Litoceras	genus
taxon rank	Helcionopsis radiatum is an extinct species of paleozoic monoplacophoran in the family Tryblidiidae.	Helcionopsis radiatum	species
taxon rank	Huerteales is the botanical name for an order of flowering plants.	Huerteales	order
taxon rank	Malacoctenus aurolineatus, the Goldline blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western Atlantic Ocean, including the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea from southern Florida to northern South America.	Malacoctenus aurolineatus	species
taxon rank	Dryptosauroides (meaning ``similar in form to Dryptosaurus'') is the name given to a genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous.	Dryptosauroides	genus
taxon rank	Enigmatichthys is a genus of extinct semionotiformid bony fish that lived during the Middle Triassic epoch of what is now Australia.	Enigmatichthys	genus
taxon rank	Stenopelix (meaning ``narrow pelvis'') is a genus of small ornithischian dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of Germany.	Stenopelix	genus
taxon rank	Lebia humeralis is a species of ground beetles in the Harpalinae subfamily that can be found in Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Greece, Hungary, Italy (including Sardinia and Sicily), Moldova, Romania, Slovakia, Switzerland, Ukraine, and in all Yugoslavian states and southern part of Russia.	Lebia humeralis	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus elaeophloia, commonly known as Nunniong Gum or Olive Mallee, is a mallee or tree species that is endemic to a restricted area in south-eastern Australia.	Eucalyptus elaeophloia	species
taxon rank	Petaloptyon is a genus known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.	Petaloptyon	genus
taxon rank	Phymatocarpus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Myrtaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia.	Phymatocarpus	genus
taxon rank	All terete leaved Dendrobium species from Australia and Papua New Guinea have been moved into a newly created genus, Dockrillia, named after Alick Dockrill, a contemporary Australian orchidologist.	Dockrillia	genus
taxon rank	†Elimia lachryma was a species of freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae.	Elimia lachryma	species
taxon rank	Amsonia tharpii is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family known by the common names Tharp's bluestar and feltleaf bluestar.	Amsonia tharpii	species
taxon rank	Phrynoidis juxtasper, also known as the giant river toad or Borneo river toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Phrynoidis juxtasper	species
taxon rank	Leptodactylus is a genus of leptodactylid frogs.	Leptodactylus	genus
taxon rank	Pterula is a genus of fungi in the Pterulaceae family.	Pterula	genus
taxon rank	Byturidae, also known as Fruitworms is a family of beetles, in the suborder Polyphaga.	Byturidae	family
taxon rank	Crabs are decapod crustaceans of the infraorder Brachyura, which typically have a very short projecting ``tail'' (abdomen) (Greek: βραχύς / brachys = short, οὐρά / οura = tail), usually entirely hidden under the thorax.	Crab	infraorder
taxon rank	Pilosella schultesii (not to be confused with the Mexican P. schultzii) is a European plant species in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Pilosella schultesii	species
taxon rank	Oniscoidea is a superfamily of isopod crustaceans, which includes most of the land-living woodlice.	Oniscoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Masdevallia goliath is a species of epiphytic orchid native to northeastern Peru and southeastern Ecuador but is cultivated as an ornamental elsewhere.	Masdevallia goliath	species
taxon rank	Ulmus americana, generally known as the American elm or, less commonly, as the white elm or water elm, is a species native to eastern North America, occurring from Nova Scotia west to Alberta and Montana, and south to Florida and central Texas.	Ulmus americana	species
taxon rank	Phacelia procera is a species of phacelia known by the common name tall phacelia.	Phacelia procera	species
taxon rank	Peteinosaurus (/pɛˌtaɪnəˈsɔːrəs/ pe-TY-nə-SAWR-əs meaning ``winged lizard'') was a prehistoric reptile genus belonging to the Pterosauria.	Peteinosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Trachyandra erythrorrhiza is a species of plant which is endemic to the province of Gauteng in South Africa.	Trachyandra erythrorrhiza	species
taxon rank	The Kauaʻi ʻakialoa, like all the other ʻakialoa subspecies, were rare even when they were first discovered in the 18th century.	Kauaʻi ʻakialoa	subspecies
taxon rank	Triatoma dominicana is an extinct species of assassin bug in the subfamily Triatominae, the kissing bugs known from early Miocene Burdigalian stage Dominican amber deposits on the island of Hispaniola.	Triatoma dominicana	species
taxon rank	Costus spicatus, also known as spiked spiralflag ginger or Indian head ginger, is a species of herbaceous plant in the Costaceae family (also sometimes placed in Zingiberaceae).	Costus spicatus	species
taxon rank	Agkistrodon is a genus of venomous pit vipers found in North America from the United States south to northern Costa Rica.	Agkistrodon	genus
taxon rank	Paramisgurnus dabryanus is a species of loach occurring in East Asia from Russia to China and Taiwan.	Paramisgurnus dabryanus	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis nigricans is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where it is know only known with certainty from Entebbe, Uganda, other populations now placed in H. rufocaudalis.	Haplochromis nigricans	species
taxon rank	The New Caledonian friarbird (Philemon diemenensis) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.	New Caledonian friarbird	species
taxon rank	Psoralidium lanceolatum is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names lemon scurfpea and lanceleaf scurfpea.	Psoralidium lanceolatum	species
taxon rank	Flyriella parryi, Chisos Mountain brickellbush, is a Mexican species of plants in the sunflower family.	Flyriella parryi	species
taxon rank	Acantopsis spectabilis is a species of fish found in Thailand.	Acantopsis spectabilis	species
taxon rank	Cophixalus ateles (common name: Papua rainforest frog) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Cophixalus ateles	species
taxon rank	Collinsia corymbosa is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name round-headed Chinese houses.	Collinsia corymbosa	species
taxon rank	The Yucatán box turtle (Terrapene carolina yucatana) is a subspecies of box turtle endemic to Mexico.	Yucatán box turtle	subspecies
taxon rank	Lycodon mackinnoni, commonly known as Mackinnon's wolf snake, is a species of colubrid snake, which is endemic to Asia.	Lycodon mackinnoni	species
taxon rank	Deroceras invadens is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Agriolimacidae.	Deroceras invadens	species
taxon rank	The Balsaminaceae (commonly known as the Balsam family) are a family of dicotyledonous plants, comprising two genera:	Balsaminaceae	family
taxon rank	Embothrium is a genus of two to eight species (depending on taxonomic interpretation) in the plant family Proteaceae, native to southern South America, in Chile and adjacent western Argentina and southern Peru; the genus occurs as far south as Tierra del Fuego.	Embothrium	genus
taxon rank	Arachnitis uniflora, the sole species in the genus Arachnitis, is a non-photosynthetic species of plant.	Arachnitis	species
taxon rank	Sibynophis bistrigatus, commonly known as Günther's many-toothed snake, is a nonvenomous species of colubrid snake found in Myanmar (formerly called Burma) and India (Nicobar Islands), but snakes collected in Myanmar and the Nicobar Islands might actually not refer to the same species.	Sibynophis bistrigatus	species
taxon rank	Agathis, commonly known as kauri or dammar, is a relatively small genus of 21 species of evergreen tree.	Agathis	genus
taxon rank	Fungia scutaria is a species of plate or mushroom coral in the family Fungiidae.	Fungia scutaria	species
taxon rank	Amitostigma lepidum is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family found on Kyushu Island in Japan, and in Nansei-shoto (Ryukyu Islands) to the south.	Amitostigma lepidum	species
taxon rank	Hall's babbler is a small species of bird in the Pomatostomidae family most commonly found in dry Acacia scrubland of interior regions of eastern Australia.	Hall's babbler	species
taxon rank	Marmornectes was first named by Hilary F. Ketchum and Roger B. J. Benson in 2011 and the type species is Marmornectes candrewi.	Marmornectes	species
taxon rank	Parochetus communis, known in English as shamrock pea or blue oxalis, is a species of legume, and the only species in the genus Parochetus and in the subtribe Parochetinae.	Parochetus	genus
taxon rank	Marupiara castanea' is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Marupiara.	Marupiara castanea	species
taxon rank	Pyroteuthis addolux is a species of squid in the family Pyroteuthidae.	Pyroteuthis addolux	species
taxon rank	Stenolemus is a genus of thread-legged bug (Emesinae).	Stenolemus	genus
taxon rank	Phenacolepas crenulata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phenacolepadidae.	Phenacolepas crenulata	species
taxon rank	Leptobrachium montanum is a species of amphibian from the Megophryidae family.	Leptobrachium montanum	species
taxon rank	Erosaria acicularis, common name the Atlantic yellow cowry, is a species of cowry, a sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Erosaria acicularis	species
taxon rank	Fissurella maxima, common name : the giant keyhole limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Fissurella maxima	species
taxon rank	Diomus is a genus of ladybirds.	Diomus	genus
taxon rank	It was first named by Sean P. Modesto, Diane M. Scott, and Robert R. Reisz in 2009, and the type species is Australothyris smithi.	Australothyris	species
taxon rank	Oedicarena persuasa is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Oedicarena of the family Tephritidae.	Oedicarena persuasa	species
taxon rank	Theora mesopotamica is a species of saltwater and brackish water clam, a bivalve mollusk in the family Semelidae.	Theora mesopotamica	species
taxon rank	The subfamily Deomyinae consists of four genera of mouse-like rodents that were placed in the subfamilies Murinae and Dendromurinae until very recently.	Deomyinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Bats of the genus Chalinolobus are commonly known as pied, wattled, or long-tailed bats.	Chalinolobus	genus
taxon rank	Huntleya burtii also known as the Cat-face Orchid is a species of orchid that occurs in Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama and Costa Rica.	Huntleya burtii	species
taxon rank	Argiocnemis rubescens is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae, commonly known as the red-tipped shadefly.	Argiocnemis rubescens	species
taxon rank	Gladioserratus is an extinct genus of cow shark.	Gladioserratus	genus
taxon rank	Histiobranchus is a genus of eels in the family Synaphobranchidae.	Histiobranchus	genus
taxon rank	Coradion melanopus, known commonly as the Twospot coralfish, is a species of marine fish in the family Chaetodontidae.	Coradion melanopus	species
taxon rank	Encephalartos cycadifolius is a species of cycad that is native to the Winterberg mountains to the north of Bedford in the Eastern Cape province, South Africa.	Encephalartos cycadifolius	species
taxon rank	Orthetrum taeniolatum, also known as Libellula taeniolata, Orthetrum brevistylum, Orthetrum garhwalicum or Orthetrum hyalianum is an Asian freshwater dragonfly species.	Orthetrum taeniolatum	species
taxon rank	Haemomaster venezuelae is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae, and the only species of the genus Haemomaster.	Haemomaster venezuelae	species
taxon rank	Dromius is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe), the Nearctic, the Near East, and North Africa.	Dromius	genus
taxon rank	Mycoplasma laboratorium is a designed, partially synthetic species of bacterium derived from the genome of Mycoplasma genitalium.	Mycoplasma laboratorium	species
taxon rank	Abrothrix is a genus of rodent in the tribe Abrotrichini of family Cricetidae.	Abrothrix	genus
taxon rank	Zabrus sublaevis is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to Ankara, Turkey.	Zabrus sublaevis	species
taxon rank	Spirodela polyrhiza (orth. var. S. polyrrhiza) is a species of duckweed known by the common names common duckmeat, greater duckweed, common duckweed, and duckmeat.	Spirodela polyrhiza	species
taxon rank	Hannonia is a genus of plants in the Amaryllis family.	Hannonia	genus
taxon rank	Ericameria arizonica is a North American species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known as Arizona goldenbush or Grand Canyon Goldenweed.	Ericameria arizonica	species
taxon rank	Chromolaena borinquensis (limestone thoroughwort) is a West Indian species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family.	Chromolaena borinquensis	species
taxon rank	Modulidae, common name modulids, is a family of small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Cerithioidea.	Modulidae	family
taxon rank	Allopeas clavulinum, common name the spike awlsnail, is a species of small, tropical, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae.	Allopeas clavulinum	species
taxon rank	Aureoboletus moravicus, commonly known as the tawny bolete, is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae that is found in Europe.	Aureoboletus moravicus	species
taxon rank	Jasus paulensis, also commonly known as the St Paul rock lobster, is a species of spiny lobster found in the waters around Saint Paul Island in the southern Indian Ocean and around Tristan da Cunha in the southern Atlantic Ocean.	Jasus paulensis	species
taxon rank	Pagurus samuelis, the blueband hermit crab, is a species of hermit crab from the west coast of North America, and the most common hermit crab in California.	Pagurus samuelis	species
taxon rank	Trichotropis conicus is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae, the cap snails.	Trichotropis conicus	species
taxon rank	Myristica sinclairii is a species of nutmeg.	Myristica sinclairii	species
taxon rank	Deinobacterium is a genus in the Deinococcus-Thermus group (Bacteria).	Deinobacterium	genus
taxon rank	Minuartia douglasii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Douglas' stitchwort.	Minuartia douglasii	species
taxon rank	Hesperolinon drymarioides is a rare species of flowering plant in the flax family known by the common names drymary dwarf flax and drymaria-like western flax; it is named for its resemblance to genus Drymaria.	Hesperolinon drymarioides	species
taxon rank	Duffichthys is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Late Devonian period.	Duffichthys	genus
taxon rank	Xeromphalina campanelloides is a species of Tricholomataceae fungus.	Xeromphalina campanelloides	species
taxon rank	Artemisia spiciformis is a North American species in the sunflower family, with the common name Snowfield sagebrush.	Artemisia spiciformis	species
taxon rank	Specula styliformis is a species of minute sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae.	Specula styliformis	species
taxon rank	Flueggea neowawraea, Mēhamehame, is a species of flowering tree in the Bignay family, Phyllanthaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.	Flueggea neowawraea	species
taxon rank	Lythrum tribracteatum is a species of flowering plant in the loosestrife family known by the common name threebract loosestrife.	Lythrum tribracteatum	species
taxon rank	Bolitotherus cornutus is a North American species of darkling beetle known as the forked fungus beetle.	Bolitotherus cornutus	species
taxon rank	Pilargidae is a family of polychaetes.	Pilargidae	family
taxon rank	Gorgoniidae is a family of soft corals, a member of the subclass Octocorallia in the phylum Cnidaria.	Gorgoniidae	family
taxon rank	Pachypanchax playfairii, the golden panchax, is a species of Aplocheilid killifish, the only species of freshwater fish endemic to the Seychelles, a group of islands in the Indian Ocean directly east of Tanzania and the only member of its genus found outside of Madagascar.	Pachypanchax playfairii	species
taxon rank	Acer negundo is a species of maple native to North America.	Acer negundo	species
taxon rank	Trifolium lemmonii is a species of clover known by the common name Lemmon's clover.	Trifolium lemmonii	species
taxon rank	Othnocerus aethes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Othnocerus.	Othnocerus	species
taxon rank	Aeonium (tree houseleek) is a genus of about 35 species of succulent, subtropical plants of the family Crassulaceae.	Aeonium	genus
taxon rank	Hyalobagrus ornatus is a species of bagrid catfish found in Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand.	Hyalobagrus ornatus	species
taxon rank	Sea turtles (superfamily Chelonioidea), sometimes called marine turtles, are reptiles of the order Testudines.	Sea turtle	superfamily
taxon rank	Sporobolus is a nearly cosmopolitan genus of plants in the grass family.	Sporobolus	genus
taxon rank	Psilorhynchus arunachalensis is a species of mountain carp.	Psilorhynchus arunachalensis	species
taxon rank	Leucocoprinus cepistipes (often spelled cepaestipes), is a species of fungus in the family Agaricaceae.	Leucocoprinus cepistipes	species
taxon rank	The Mahenge toad or Loveridge's forest toad, Mertensophryne loveridgei, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Mertensophryne loveridgei	species
taxon rank	The Ogoveidae are a family of harvestmen with three described species in one genus, Ogovea, which is found in tropical rain forests of equatorial West Africa.	Ogoveidae	family
taxon rank	Helleborus foetidus, known variously as stinking hellebore /ˈhɛlɪbɔːr/, dungwort, setterwort and bear's foot, is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family Ranunculaceae, native to the mountainous regions of Central and Southern Europe, Greece and Asia Minor.	Helleborus foetidus	species
taxon rank	Acanthodraco dewitti is a species of Antarctic dragonfish native to the Southern Ocean including the Ross Sea and the southeastern Pacific Ocean.	Acanthodraco dewitti	species
taxon rank	Lactobacillus delbrueckii is a species of bacteria in the family Lactobacillaceae.	Lactobacillus delbrueckii	species
taxon rank	Lunella coronata, common name the crowned turban shell or the coronate moon turban, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Lunella coronata	species
taxon rank	Juncus rigidus is a species of rush known by the common name sea rush.	Juncus rigidus	species
taxon rank	Schizodon is a genus of headstander from South America.	Schizodon	genus
taxon rank	Bromus alopecuros is a species of brome grass known by the common name weedy brome.	Bromus alopecuros	species
taxon rank	Mycena sanguinolenta, commonly known as the bleeding bonnet, the smaller bleeding Mycena, or the terrestrial bleeding Mycena, is a species of mushroom in the Mycenaceae family.	Mycena sanguinolenta	species
taxon rank	Sceloporus merriami, commonly known as the canyon lizard, is a species of phrynosomatid lizard native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.	Sceloporus merriami	species
taxon rank	Sicyos albus (sometimes spelled Sicyos alba) is a species of flowering plant in the gourd family known by the common names anunu and white bur-cucumber.	Sicyos albus	species
taxon rank	Scotobleps is a monotypic frog genus in the family Arthroleptidae; its sole species is Scotobleps gabonicus, sometimes known as the Gaboon forest frog.	Scotobleps	species
taxon rank	Phyllodontosuchus (Ancient Greek, meaning ``leaf tooth crocodile'', in reference to the shape of the middle and posterior teeth) is a genus of sphenosuchian, a type of basal crocodylomorph, the clade that comprises the crocodilians and their closest kin.	Phyllodontosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Ostorhinchus brevispinis is a species of deep-water cardinalfish.	Ostorhinchus brevispinis	species
taxon rank	Aloe camperi is a species of aloe indigenous to Africa, specifically the regions of Ethiopia and Eritrea.	Aloe camperi	species
taxon rank	Downingia pulchella is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names flatface calicoflower and valley calicoflower.	Downingia pulchella	species
taxon rank	Synemosyna is a genus of ant-like jumping spiders that occurs from Argentina to the northern United States.	Synemosyna	genus
taxon rank	Aalenirhynchia is an extinct subgenus of brachiopod found in Aalenian strata in Gloucestershire, England.	Aalenirhynchia	subgenus
taxon rank	The Garniidae are a family of parasitic protozoa in the phylum Apicomplexia.	Garniidae	family
taxon rank	Argiope aetherea is a common, large orb-web spider This species is commonly known as the St Andrew's Cross spider due to the characteristic cross-shaped web decorations often included in their webs by female spiders.	Argiope aetherea	species
taxon rank	Lloydolithus is a genus of trilobite from the Late Ordovician of Europe.	Lloydolithus	genus
taxon rank	Brachiopods, phylum Brachiopoda, are marine animals that have hard ``valves'' (shells) on the upper and lower surfaces, unlike the left and right arrangement in bivalve molluscs.	Brachiopod	phylum
taxon rank	Symphyotrichum campestre (formerly Aster campestris) is a species of aster known by the common name western meadow aster.	Symphyotrichum campestre	species
taxon rank	Recilia hospes is a species of bugs from Cicadellidae family that can be found in Fiji, Hawaii, New Zealand.	Recilia hospes	species
taxon rank	Saxifraga hirculus is a species of saxifrage, commonly called marsh saxifrage, yellow marsh saxifrage, or bog saxifrage.	Saxifraga hirculus	species
taxon rank	Myrmica aloba is a species of ant that can be found in France, Portugal, and Spain.	Myrmica aloba	species
taxon rank	Polyspilota griffinii, common name Griffin mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Cameroon that grows to about 5 inches in length.	Polyspilota griffinii	species
taxon rank	Butomus umbellatus is the Old World Palearctic and Asian plant species in the family Butomaceae.	Butomus umbellatus	species
taxon rank	Dilambdogale is an extinct genus of afrosoricid which existed in Fayum, Egypt during the latest Eocene (earliest Priabonian age).	Dilambdogale	genus
taxon rank	Wolf spiders are members of the family Lycosidae, from the Ancient Greek word ``λύκος'' meaning ``wolf''.	Wolf spider	family
taxon rank	Agyneta resima is a species of sheet weaver found in Eastern Europe.	Agyneta resima	species
taxon rank	Exerpes asper, the Sargassum blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Gulf of California and the Pacific coast of Baja California.	Exerpes asper	species
taxon rank	Tetraodon waandersii is a species of freshwater pufferfish endemic to Indonesia.	Tetraodon waandersii	species
taxon rank	The silk floss tree (Ceiba speciosa, formerly Chorisia speciosa), is a species of deciduous tree native to the tropical and subtropical forests of South America.	Ceiba speciosa	species
taxon rank	Cernaysia is an extinct genus of mammal from the Paleocene of France and the United States.	Cernaysia	genus
taxon rank	Hypopygus lepturus is a species of bluntnose knifefish and is commonly found in Northern South America.	Hypopygus lepturus	species
taxon rank	Bothriomyrmex pubens is a species of ant in the genus Bothriomyrmex.	Bothriomyrmex pubens	species
taxon rank	The Balsas screech owl (Megascops seductus) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Balsas screech owl	species
taxon rank	Eubacterium oxidoreducens is a Gram positive bacterium species in the genus Eubacterium.	Eubacterium oxidoreducens	species
taxon rank	Chauliognathus is a genus of soldier beetles in the family Cantharidae.	Chauliognathus	genus
taxon rank	Acanthobrama microlepis, called the blackbrow bleak or the Caucasian bream, is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Acanthobrama microlepis	species
taxon rank	Fossarus bellus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Planaxidae.	Fossarus bellus	species
taxon rank	Lotus formosissimus is a species of legume known by the common name seaside bird's-foot trefoil.	Lotus formosissimus	species
taxon rank	Zoellnerallium is a genus of perennial herbaceous geophytes in the flowering plant family Amaryllidaceae.	Zoellnerallium	genus
taxon rank	Sialis is a genus of alderfly belonging to the order Megaloptera family Sialidae.	Sialis	genus
taxon rank	Corollonema is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1914.	Corollonema	genus
taxon rank	Lithospermum molle, the softhair marbleseed, is a species of flowering plant in the forget-me-not family.	Lithospermum molle	species
taxon rank	Dictyna armata is spider species found in Ukraine and Georgia.	Dictyna armata	species
taxon rank	Croton lechleri is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae, that is native to northwestern South America.	Croton lechleri	species
taxon rank	Hypleurochilus springeri, the Orange-spotted blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Atlantic ocean.	Hypleurochilus springeri	species
taxon rank	Pallas's leaf warbler is named after the German zoologist Peter Simon Pallas, who discovered it on the Ingoda River in Siberia in 1811; the species name proregulus derives from its similar size to the goldcrest Regulus regulus.	Pallas's leaf warbler	species
taxon rank	Puccinia oxalidis is a fungus species in the genus Puccinia.	Puccinia oxalidis	species
taxon rank	Aeluropus is a genus of Eurasian and African plants in the grass family, found primarily in desert regions.	Aeluropus	genus
taxon rank	Dolichogenidea is a genus of Braconid wasp.	Dolichogenidea	genus
taxon rank	The Tawitawi brown dove (Phapitreron cinereiceps) is a threatened species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Tawitawi brown dove	species
taxon rank	Undaria is a genus of kelp that includes Undaria pinnatifida (wakame).	Undaria	genus
taxon rank	Poa bolanderi is a species of grass known by the common name Bolander's bluegrass.	Poa bolanderi	species
taxon rank	Lasmigona alabamensis, common name Alabama heelsplitter, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae.	Lasmigona alabamensis	species
taxon rank	The family Ichthyodectidae (literally ``fish-biters'') is an extinct family of marine actinopterygian fish.	Ichthyodectidae	family
taxon rank	The Euchromiina are a subtribe of tiger moths in the Erebidae family.	Euchromiina	subtribe
taxon rank	Macrocybe spectabilis is a species of mushroom-forming fungus.	Macrocybe spectabilis	species
taxon rank	Hydropessum is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Triassic epoch.	Hydropessum	genus
taxon rank	Axitectum is an extinct genus of bystrowianid reptiliomorph from lower Triassic deposits of Nizhni Novgorod and Kirov Regions, Russia.	Axitectum	genus
taxon rank	Allium oleraceum (field garlic) is a Eurasian species of wild onion.	Allium oleraceum	species
taxon rank	Leiocephalus carinatus, commonly known as the northern curly-tailed lizard, is a species of lizard in the family Leiocephalidae (curly-tailed lizards).	Leiocephalus carinatus	species
taxon rank	Dicranaceae is a family of mosses in class Bryopsida.	Dicranaceae	family
taxon rank	Hypoxylon is a genus of Ascomycetes commonly found on dead wood, and usually one of the earliest species to colonise dead wood.	Hypoxylon	genus
taxon rank	Cardioglossa oreas (common name: Mount Okou long-fingered frog) is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.	Cardioglossa oreas	species
taxon rank	Tangasaurus is an extinct genus of aquatic basal tangasaurid neodiapsid known from the Late Permian period (late Changhsingian stage) of Tanga, northeastern Tanzania.	Tangasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Treubia scapanioides is a species of liverwort in the family Treubiaceae.	Treubia scapanioides	species
taxon rank	Marmosops is a genus of Neotropic opossums of the family Didelphidae.	Marmosops	genus
taxon rank	Heliconia hirsuta (syn., ) is a species of flowering plant in the Heliconiaceae family.	Heliconia hirsuta	species
taxon rank	The Chaetonotida is an order of gastrotrichs.	Chaetonotida	order
taxon rank	Apodolirion is a genus of herbaceous, perennial and bulbous plants in the Amaryllis family (Amaryllidaceae, subfamily Amaryllidoideae).	Apodolirion	genus
taxon rank	Streptanthus glandulosus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name bristly jewelflower.	Streptanthus glandulosus	species
taxon rank	Phenagoniates macrolepis is a species of characin found in Colombia, Panama and Venezuela.	Phenagoniates macrolepis	species
taxon rank	Pristolepis pentacantha is a species of the family Pristolepididae described from Kabani River of Kerala, India.	Pristolepis pentacantha	species
taxon rank	Phaeoceros laevis, the smooth hornwort, is a species of hornwort of the genus Phaeoceros.	Phaeoceros laevis	species
taxon rank	Opuntia robusta, wheel cactus, nopal tapon, or camuesa, is a species of cactus in the Cactaceae family.	Opuntia robusta	species
taxon rank	Geastrum lloydianum is a species of fungus belonging to the genus Geastrum, or earthstar fungi.	Geastrum lloydianum	species
taxon rank	Within the Orchidaceae, Hormidium was originally a subgenus of the genus Epidendrum, but was later raised to a full genus.	Hormidium	genus
taxon rank	Nerita albicilla, common name the blotched nerite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae.	Nerita albicilla	species
taxon rank	Nebria rufescens is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found everywhere in Europe, except for Benelux, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Denmark, Monaco, San Marino, Vatican City, and various European islands.	Nebria rufescens	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces griseiniger is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated in Australia.	Streptomyces griseiniger	species
taxon rank	Proterorhinus marmoratus is a species of gobiid fish, a tubenose goby native to the brackish water parts of the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov, near the coasts of Bulgaria, Georgia, Romania, Ukraine and Russia.	Proterorhinus marmoratus	species
taxon rank	Chamaecrista is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family, Fabaceae, subfamily Caesalpinioideae.	Chamaecrista	genus
taxon rank	Fockea is a genus of succulent scrubs native to southern Africa, known collectively as water roots, a reference to their characteristic bulbous caudex, which is edible in at least some species.	Fockea	genus
taxon rank	Leiocephalus carinatus armouri, commonly known as the Little Bahama curly-tailed lizard, is a subspecies of Leiocephalus carinatus, the northern curly-tailed lizard.	Leiocephalus carinatus armouri	subspecies
taxon rank	Chamaepsila is a genus of flies in the family Psilidae.	Chamaepsila	genus
taxon rank	The Astor markhor or flare-horned markhor (Capra falconeri falconeri) is a subspecies of the endangered markhor, native to Kashmir and northern Pakistan.	Astor markhor	subspecies
taxon rank	Pseudodynerus is a small neotropical genus of potter wasps (Hymenoptera: Vespidae: Eumeninae) currently containing 16 species.	Pseudodynerus	genus
taxon rank	Eupatorium semiserratum, commonly called Smallflower thoroughwort, is a North American plant species in the sunflower family.	Eupatorium semiserratum	species
taxon rank	Nebria agilis is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Yunnan, province of China.	Nebria agilis	species
taxon rank	Caiuajara is an extinct genus of tapejarid pterosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Brazil.	Caiuajara	genus
taxon rank	Uropteryginae is a subfamily of moray eels.	Uropteryginae	subfamily
taxon rank	Lythrurus, the finescale shiner, is a genus of cyprinid fish found in North America.	Lythrurus	genus
taxon rank	Seimatosporium mariae is a fungus genus.	Seimatosporium	genus
taxon rank	Unlike most other placoderm orders, such as the Antiarchs, or the Arthrodires, Gemuendina and its four other known relatives (or seven, if the three species of the ichthyolith genus Ohioaspis are confirmed to be rhenanids) had armor made up of a mosaic of unfused bony plates and scales.	Gemuendina	genus
taxon rank	Unlike many Inocybe species, Inocybe hystrix is densely covered in brown scales, a characteristic that aids in identification.	Inocybe hystrix	species
taxon rank	Bufo cristinae (Beaked frog) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Bufo cristinae	species
taxon rank	Nemapteryx is a genus of sea catfishes found mostly in coastal marine and brackish waters from South Asia to Australia with one species (N. augusta) occurring exclusively in fresh waters of the Fly River in Papua New Guinea.	Nemapteryx	genus
taxon rank	Aprosphylosoma darceneae is a species of cylindrical julidan millipede found only in the U.S. state of Oregon and comprising the sole species of the family Aprosphylosomatidae.	Aprosphylosoma	species
taxon rank	Gavialis is a genus of crocodylians that includes the living gharial Gavialis gangeticus and several extinct species, including Gavialis bengawanicus, Gavialis breviceps, Gavialis browni, Gavialis curvirostris, Gavialis hysudricus, Gavialis leptodus, Gavialis lewisi, and Gavialis pachyrhynchus.	Gavialis	genus
taxon rank	The Indian desert jird, Meriones hurrianae, is a species of jird found mainly in the Thar Desert in India.	Indian desert jird	species
taxon rank	Nielsenoceras is a Paraceltitid genus of from the lower Upper Permian, known from sediments in west Texas.	Nielsenoceras	genus
taxon rank	Hechtia marnier-lapostollei is a species in the genus Hechtia.	Hechtia marnier-lapostollei	species
taxon rank	Denticetopsis sauli is a species of whale catfish endemic to Venezuela, where it is only known from the Pamoni River in the Casiquiare River basin of the upper Rio Negro system.	Denticetopsis sauli	species
taxon rank	Interjectio denticulella is a species of snout moth in the genus Interjectio.	Interjectio denticulella	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces djakartensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Djakarta on Java in Indonesia.	Streptomyces djakartensis	species
taxon rank	Caymanabyssia spina is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Caymanabyssiidae, the false limpets.	Caymanabyssia spina	species
taxon rank	They have been treated formally at the rank of division Progymnospermophyta or class Progymnospermopsida (as opposite).	Progymnosperm	class
taxon rank	Foerschichthys flavipinnis is a species of African rivuline native to the western African nations of Ghana, Togo, Benin and Nigeria.	Foerschichthys flavipinnis	species
taxon rank	Parachanna is a genus of snakeheads native to tropical Africa.	Parachanna	genus
taxon rank	Aeschynanthus longicaulis is a species of perennial plant in the family Gesneriaceae, native to Vietnam, Thailand and Malaysia.	Aeschynanthus longicaulis	species
taxon rank	Mimulus gemmiparus is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Phrymaceae, known by the common name Rocky Mountain monkeyflower.	Mimulus gemmiparus	species
taxon rank	Eleocharis parvula is a species of spikesedge known by the common names dwarf spikerush, small spikerush and hairgrass in aquaria.	Eleocharis parvula	species
taxon rank	Erymidae is a family of decapod crustaceans known only from fossils.	Erymidae	family
taxon rank	Ampullariidae, common name the apple snails, is a family of large freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks with a gill and an operculum.	Ampullariidae	family
taxon rank	Urticina columbiana, common names crusty red anemone, columbia sand anemone, sand anemone, and the sand-rose anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.	Urticina columbiana	species
taxon rank	The floss silk tree (Ceiba chodatii), is a species of deciduous tree native to the tropical and subtropical forests of South America.	Ceiba chodatii	species
taxon rank	Linckia is a genus of sea stars found mainly in the Indo-Pacific region.	Linckia	genus
taxon rank	Deschampsia is a genus of plants in the grass family, commonly known as hair grass or tussock grass.	Deschampsia	genus
taxon rank	Chaetonotus elegans is a gastrotrich species in the genus Chaetonotus.	Chaetonotus elegans	species
taxon rank	Rhytida citrina is a species of medium-sized, air-breathing predatory land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the eponymous family Rhytididae.	Rhytida citrina	species
taxon rank	Gobio holurus or the Caspian gudgeon is a freshwater fish species in the Cyprinidae family.	Gobio holurus	species
taxon rank	Rossioglossum grande (tiger orchid) is an epiphytic species of orchid native to the area from Chiapas to Costa Rica.	Rossioglossum grande	species
taxon rank	Mystacernis alphesta is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family, and the only species in the genus Mystacernis.	Mystacernis alphesta	species
taxon rank	Hypohippus (``Low Horse'') is an extinct genus of three-toed horse, which lived 17 - 11 million years ago.	Hypohippus	genus
taxon rank	Allium diabolense, common name serpentine onion or devil's onion is a species of wild onion endemic to central California, where it is known from the Coast Ranges and the Transverse Ranges.	Allium diabolense	species
taxon rank	and Iris douglasiana var. oregonensis (R. C. Foster), but the species is highly variable and the varieties may not be well enough defined to be of much practical use.	Iris douglasiana	species
taxon rank	Aecidium mori is a species of fungus in the order Pucciniales.	Aecidium mori	species
taxon rank	Pison is a cosmopolitan genus of wasps within the family Crabronidae.	Pison	genus
taxon rank	Pogonopoma is a genus of armored catfish native to rivers in south and southeast Brazil.	Pogonopoma	genus
taxon rank	Homaloptera orthogoniata is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Homaloptera found in Thailand, Laos and Indonesia.	Homaloptera orthogoniata	species
taxon rank	Hudson's canastero (Asthenes hudsoni) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.	Hudson's canastero	species
taxon rank	Allonautilus perforatus is a species of nautilus native to the waters around Bali, Indonesia.	Allonautilus perforatus	species
taxon rank	Condylonucula maya is a microscopic species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk or micromollusk in the family Nuculidae, the nut clams.	Condylonucula maya	species
taxon rank	Dendrocopos is a widespread genus of woodpeckers from Asia and Europe and Northern Africa.	Dendrocopos	genus
taxon rank	Glossogobius intermedius is a species of goby endemic to Sulawesi, Indonesia where it is only known to occur in Lake Towuti and Lake Mahalona.	Glossogobius intermedius	species
taxon rank	Ciliopagurus vakovako is a species of hermit crab native to the Marquesas Islands.	Ciliopagurus vakovako	species
taxon rank	The tribe Cacatuini consists of four whitish, pinkish or greyish genera:	Cacatuini	tribe
taxon rank	Arctaspis is an extinct genus of placoderm fish, which lived during the Devonian period in Norway.	Arctaspis	genus
taxon rank	Cryptococcus skinneri is species of yeast which forms white and cream colored colonies which are smooth with a mucoid texture.	Cryptococcus skinneri	species
taxon rank	Banksia dallanneyi var. dallanneyi is a variety of Banksia dallanneyi subsp.	Banksia dallanneyi var. dallanneyi	variety
taxon rank	Agonum placidum is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in woodlands, thickets, and open fields of southern Canada and northeastern United States.	Agonum placidum	species
taxon rank	Gasteropelecus is a genus of freshwater hatchetfishes found in Central and South America.	Gasteropelecus	genus
taxon rank	Crocodylus raninus is an enigmatic species of freshwater crocodile endemic to the Southeast Asian island of Borneo.	Crocodylus raninus	species
taxon rank	Brachysuchus is an extinct genus of phytosaur known from the late Triassic period (Carnian stage) of Dockum Group in Texas, USA.	Brachysuchus	genus
taxon rank	Scenedra umbrosalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Scenedra.	Scenedra umbrosalis	species
taxon rank	Leptophilypnus is a genus of small sleeper gobies native to fresh and brackish water in Central America.	Leptophilypnus	genus
taxon rank	Pteraspidiformes is an extinct order of heterostracan vertebrates known from extensive fossil remains primarily from Early Devonian strata of Europe and North America, and from Upper Silurian Canada.	Pteraspidiformes	order
taxon rank	At present, it contains the single species Nesagapostemon moronei.	Nesagapostemon	species
taxon rank	Pomacea paludosa, common name the Florida applesnail, is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.	Pomacea paludosa	species
taxon rank	Bouchardina is a genus of North American crayfish, containing a single species, Bouchardina robisoni (Bayou Bodcau Crayfish) which is named after one of the scientist who found it Henry W. Robison.	Bouchardina	genus
taxon rank	Sophora toromiro, commonly known as Toromiro, is a species of flowering tree in the legume family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to Easter Island.	Sophora toromiro	species
taxon rank	Hydnophytum is a genus of epiphytic myrmecophytes (ant plants) native to Southeast Asia, the Pacific region and also extending into Queensland in northern Australia.	Hydnophytum	genus
taxon rank	Epsilon 15 (or ε15) is a virus, specifically a bacteriophage, known to infect species of Salmonella bacteria including Salmonella anatum.	Epsilon 15	species
taxon rank	Megacephala femoralis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Perty in 1830, and can be found in Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay.	Megacephala femoralis	species
taxon rank	Sarcocornia blackiana, commonly known as Thick-head Glasswort, is a species of succulent halophytic shrub.	Sarcocornia blackiana	species
taxon rank	Allium scorzonerifolium is a yellow-flowered species of wild onion native to Spain, Portugal, and Morocco.	Allium scorzonerifolium	species
taxon rank	Scytothamnales is an order of brown algae (class Phaeophyceae).	Scytothamnales	order
taxon rank	Onchidiopsis groenlandica is a species of relatively large sea snail with a transparent internal shell, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Velutinidae.	Onchidiopsis groenlandica	species
taxon rank	Colpophyllia natans, known as boulder brain coral and large-grooved brain coral, is a species of stony coral found primarily in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.	Colpophyllia natans	species
taxon rank	Anomalopus is the genus of worm-skinks, smallish smooth-scaled burrowing skinks (family Scincidae) from the eastern half of Australia.	Anomalopus	genus
taxon rank	Daphnia barbata is a species of water flea within the family Daphniidae.	Daphnia barbata	species
taxon rank	Kaliphora madagascarensis is a species of evergreen shrub or small tree.	Kaliphora	species
taxon rank	Agonum fidele is a species of ground beetle from Platyninae subfamily, that can be found in United States and Canada.	Agonum fidele	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum hookeri is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Hooker's buckwheat.	Eriogonum hookeri	species
taxon rank	Parapuzosia is an extinct genus of desmoceratid ammonites from the Cenomanian to the Campanian of Africa, Europe, and North America.	Parapuzosia	genus
taxon rank	Skythrenchelys macrostoma, also known as the Large-mouth angry worm eel is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae.	Skythrenchelys macrostoma	species
taxon rank	The Ophiceratidae is a family in the ammonoid order Ceratitida from the Lower Triassic, previously included in the Otocerataceae but now placed in the Noritiaceae as revised.	Ophiceratidae	family
taxon rank	Brickellia pringlei (Pringle's brickellbush) is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Brickellia pringlei	species
taxon rank	Thermarces cerberus is a species of ray-finned fish in the family Zoarcidae.	Thermarces cerberus	species
taxon rank	Cyathea baileyana, also known as the wig tree fern, is a species of tree fern native to northeastern Queensland in Australia, where it grows in wet gullies and forest at an altitude of 850-1200 m. It is a rare species that is seldom found in the wild.	Cyathea baileyana	species
taxon rank	Parastratiosphecomyia sphecomyioides is a species of fly in the soldier fly family.	Parastratiosphecomyia sphecomyioides	species
taxon rank	Phloeomana is a bark-inhabiting agaric fungal genus that produces fuscous-colored to whitish mycenoid to omphalinoid fruit bodies in temperate forests.	Phloeomana	genus
taxon rank	Tetraneuris torreyana is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family, known by the common name Torrey's four-nerve daisy.	Tetraneuris torreyana	species
taxon rank	Caulerpa taxifolia is a species of seaweed, an alga of the genus Caulerpa.	Caulerpa taxifolia	species
taxon rank	The San Gabriel slender salamander (Batrachoseps gabrieli) is a species of salamander.	San Gabriel slender salamander	species
taxon rank	Buccinum leucostoma, common name the yellow-mouth Buccinum, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Buccinum leucostoma	species
taxon rank	Galaxias globiceps is a species of fish in the Galaxiidae family endemic to Chile.	Galaxias globiceps	species
taxon rank	The Centrosaurinae is a subfamily of ceratopsid dinosaurs named by paleontologist Lawrence Lambe, in 1915, with Centrosaurus as the type genus.	Centrosaurinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Araeomerus hubbardi is a species of earwigs, in the genus Araeomerus, family Hemimeridae, the suborder Hemimerina, and the order Dermaptera.	Araeomerus hubbardi	species
taxon rank	Othonocheirodus eigenmanni is a species of characin endemic to Peru, where it is found in the Amazon River basin.	Othonocheirodus eigenmanni	species
taxon rank	Owenetta is an extinct genus of owenettid procolophonian parareptile.	Owenetta	genus
taxon rank	Maui's dolphin or popoto (Cephalorhynchus hectori maui) is the world's rarest and smallest known subspecies of dolphin.	Maui's dolphin	subspecies
taxon rank	Vorticella convallaria is a protozoan, the type species of the genus Vorticella.	Vorticella convallaria	species
taxon rank	Staffordia toruputuensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Staffordiidae.	Staffordia toruputuensis	species
taxon rank	Arcobacter is a genus of Gram-negative, spiral-shaped bacteria in the epsilonproteobacteria class.	Arcobacter	genus
taxon rank	Desulfovirgula is a genus of sulfate reducing aerobic endospore-forming Gram-positive thermophilic motile rod-shaped bacteria, isolated from a geothermally active underground mine.	Desulfovirgula	genus
taxon rank	Barbus brichardi is a species of cyprinid fish native to the Republic of the Congo and Gabon.	Barbus brichardi	species
taxon rank	Cyanea kolekoleensis (formerly Delissea kolekoleensis) is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names `Oha and Kolekole cyanea.	Cyanea kolekoleensis	species
taxon rank	Lactarius rufulus, commonly known as the rufous candy cap, is a species of fungus in the Russulaceae family.	Lactarius rufulus	species
taxon rank	Atheris ceratophora is a venomous viper species endemic to a few mountain ranges in Tanzania.	Atheris ceratophora	species
taxon rank	Dioscorea hamiltonii is a species of Dioscorea native to southern China (including Taiwan), northern Indochina (Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar) and the Himalayas (Nepal, Sikkim, Bhutan, Assam).	Dioscorea hamiltonii	species
taxon rank	The type species is Eoazhdarcho liaoxiensis.	Eoazhdarcho	species
taxon rank	The Ecnomidae are a family of caddisflies comprising 9 genera with a total of 1337 species.	Ecnomidae	family
taxon rank	Hatena arenicola is a species of single-celled eukaryotes discovered in 2000, and first reported in 2005, It was discovered by Japanese biologists Noriko Okamoto and Isao Inouye at the University of Tsukuba, and they gave the scientific description and formal name in 2006.	Hatena arenicola	species
taxon rank	Reiszerpeton is an extinct genus of dissorophid temnospondyl known from the Early Permian Archer City Formation of Texas.	Reiszerpeton	genus
taxon rank	Calliostoma adspersum, common name the spotted Brazilian top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma adspersum	species
taxon rank	Rupertia rigida is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Parish's California tea, or Parish's rupertia.	Rupertia rigida	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces cellulolyticus is a cellulolytic bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.	Streptomyces cellulolyticus	species
taxon rank	Epidendrum compressum (``compressed upon a tree'') is a species of orchid in the genus Epidendrum from wet montane forests of Trinidad, Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Bolivia.	Epidendrum compressum	species
taxon rank	Spilotantha is a genus proposed by Carlyle Luer; however, the genus lacks a clear synapomorphy and it is equivalent to Masdevallia subgenus Amanda, section Amandae.	Spilotantha	genus
taxon rank	Larutia is a genus of limbless skinks in the family Scincidae.	Larutia	genus
taxon rank	Ropicella antennalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Ropicella.	Ropicella antennalis	species
taxon rank	Chapinophis xanthocheilus is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.	Chapinophis	species
taxon rank	Prunus lusitanica, the Portugal laurel, is a species of the genus Prunus, related to the cherry.	Prunus lusitanica	species
taxon rank	Maacoccus arundinariae is a species of scale insect in the family Coccidae.	Maacoccus arundinariae	species
taxon rank	Mytilinidiales is an order within the class Dothideomycetes.	Mytilinidiales	order
taxon rank	Carabus exiguus cithara is a black coloured subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Sichuan, China.	Carabus exiguus cithara	subspecies
taxon rank	Deschampsia elongata is a species of grass known by the common name slender hairgrass.	Deschampsia elongata	species
taxon rank	Stylops melittae is a species of the order Strepsiptera of flying insects, that parasitize various species of sand bees (Andrena).	Stylops melittae	species
taxon rank	Clubiona comta is a sac spider species found in Europe, Russia and North Africa.	Clubiona comta	species
taxon rank	Vladlenosaurus is an extinct genus of capitosaur from Russia.	Vladlenosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Synchirus gilli, the Manacled sculpin, is a species of sculpin native to the eastern Pacific Ocean where it occurs along the coast from Alaska to southern California.	Synchirus gilli	species
taxon rank	Bromus arenarius is a species of brome grass known by the common name Australian brome.	Bromus arenarius	species
taxon rank	Todiramphus is a genus of kingfishers in the family Halcyonidae.	Todiramphus	genus
taxon rank	Incilius fastidiosus, or the Pico Blanco toad, is a species of toad from western Panama and southeastern Costa Rica.	Incilius fastidiosus	species
taxon rank	Moschorhinus is an extinct genus of therocephalian of the Akidnognathidea family.	Moschorhinus	genus
taxon rank	Mimetes arboreus is a species of plant in the Proteaceae family.	Mimetes arboreus	species
taxon rank	Penicillium charlesii is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which produces galactocarolose and Citreoviridin.	Penicillium charlesii	species
taxon rank	Uropeltis arcticeps, commonly known as the Madurai earth snake or the Tinevelly Uropeltis, is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae.	Uropeltis arcticeps	species
taxon rank	Luzula parviflora is a species of flowering plant in the rush family known by the common name small-flowered woodrush.	Luzula parviflora	species
taxon rank	Oxystele tigrina, common name the tiger top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Oxystele tigrina	species
taxon rank	Antennaria friesiana (Fries' pussytoes) is an Arctic species of plants in the sunflower family.	Antennaria friesiana	species
taxon rank	Christinus alexanderi is a species of Gekkonidae geckos found in the Nullarbor Plain of Australia.	Christinus alexanderi	species
taxon rank	Zephyroceras is a genus belonging to the Somoholitaceae superfamilia.	Zephyroceras	genus
taxon rank	Naucoria is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenogastraceae of the order Agaricales.	Naucoria	genus
taxon rank	Harmozica ravergiensis is a species of an air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Harmozica ravergiensis	species
taxon rank	Tichkaella is a genus of helcionellid from the Middle Cambrian.	Tichkaella	genus
taxon rank	Mentzelia polita is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name polished blazingstar.	Mentzelia polita	species
taxon rank	Methylomonas is a genus of bacteria that obtain their carbon and energy from methane, a metabolic process called methanotrophy.	Methylomonas	genus
taxon rank	Smaragdina affinis is a species of short-horned leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae, subfamily Clytrinae.	Smaragdina affinis	species
taxon rank	Teucridium is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family, first described as a genus in 1853.	Teucridium	genus
taxon rank	Juglans sigillata, known as the Iron Walnut, is a species of walnut tree.	Juglans sigillata	species
taxon rank	Drosophyllum (/ˌdrɒsoʊˈfɪləm/, rarely /drəˈsɒfɪləm/) is a genus of carnivorous plants containing the single species Drosophyllum lusitanicum (Portuguese sundew or dewy pine).	Drosophyllum	species
taxon rank	Feroxodon multistriatus, known as the manystriped blowfish, manystriped pufferfish, scribbled toadfish, or ferocious pufferfish, is a species in the pufferfish family, Tetraodontidae, distributed in the Indo-West Pacific.	Feroxodon multistriatus	species
taxon rank	Solidago patula, the roundleaf goldenrod or rough-leaved goldenrod, is a species of goldenrod found in wetlands, especially swamps, fens & sedge meadows.	Solidago patula	species
taxon rank	Amphisbaena bakeri, known commonly as Baker's worm lizard , is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena.	Amphisbaena bakeri	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Caespitotheca forestalis.	Caespitotheca	species
taxon rank	Cyanea copelandii is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name treetrunk cyanea.	Cyanea copelandii	species
taxon rank	Alloperla roberti (also known as Robert's stonefly) was a species of insect in family Chloroperlidae.	Alloperla roberti	species
taxon rank	Stonogobiops dracula, the Dracula shrimpgoby, is a species of goby native to reef environments around the Seychelles and the Maldives.	Stonogobiops dracula	species
taxon rank	Malapterurus thysi is a species of electric catfish endemic to the Ivory Coast, where it occurs in the Cess (Nipoué) and Cavally river basins.	Malapterurus thysi	species
taxon rank	Mantoida brunneriana is a species of praying mantis inhabiting Bolivia, Brazil, French Guiana, Paraguay, and Venezuela.	Mantoida brunneriana	species
taxon rank	Hyphalus wisei is a species of intertidal beetle endemic to New Zealand.	Hyphalus wisei	species
taxon rank	Arctomecon humilis is a rare species of poppy called Bearclaw Poppy or Dwarf Bearclaw-poppy.	Arctomecon humilis	species
taxon rank	Allium megalobulbon is a rare species of wild onion found only in the western part of Xinjiang Province in western China.	Allium megalobulbon	species
taxon rank	Thelyphonidae is a family of arachnids.	Thelyphonidae	family
taxon rank	The Arabian jird (Meriones arimalius) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Arabian jird	species
taxon rank	Acoelorrhaphe is a genus of palms, comprising the single species Acoelorrhaphe wrightii (Paurotis palm, also known as the Everglades palm and Madeira palm).	Acoelorrhaphe	species
taxon rank	Aliciella sedifolia (formerly Gilia sedifolia) is a rare species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name stonecrop gilia.	Aliciella sedifolia	species
taxon rank	Sphaerius is a genus of beetles, comprising 23 species, which are the only members of the family Sphaeriusidae.	Sphaerius	genus
taxon rank	Rock tripe is the common name for various lichens of the genus Umbilicaria that grow on rocks.	Rock tripe	genus
taxon rank	Ramanella anamalaiensis (Anamalai dot frog, Anamalai ramanella, or reddish-brown microhylid frog) is a species of narrow-mouthed frog found in South India.	Ramanella anamalaiensis	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Phycomelaina laminariae.	Phycomelaina	species
taxon rank	Limonium australe is a species of sea lavender known by the common name Native Sea Lavender.	Limonium australe	species
taxon rank	Prakasha amariformis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Prakasha.	Prakasha amariformis	species
taxon rank	Epidendrum embreei (``Embree's Epidendrum'') is a species of orchid in the genus Epidendrum.	Epidendrum embreei	species
taxon rank	Homalanthus nutans, known locally as the mamala tree, is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family.	Homalanthus nutans	species
taxon rank	The family Oplophoridae is a taxon of pelagic shrimp and the only subtaxon of the superfamily Oplophoroidea.	Oplophoridae	family
taxon rank	Lennooideae is a subfamily of parasitic flowering plants of south-western North America and north-western South America.	Lennooideae	subfamily
taxon rank	Ericameria lignumviridis, common name Greenwood's goldenbush or heath-goldenrod, is a plant species endemic to Sevier County, Utah.	Ericameria lignumviridis	species
taxon rank	Genioliparis is a genus of snailfishes.	Genioliparis	genus
taxon rank	Palmadusta diluculum, the day-break cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Palmadusta diluculum	species
taxon rank	The Australian prowfishes form a family, Pataecidae, of scorpaeniform fishes.	Australian prowfish	family
taxon rank	It contains the single species Condylodon audouini, first described from a single specimen by Lund (1831) in a paper on Brazilian ants.	Condylodon	species
taxon rank	Lygosoma vosmaeri (Vosmer's writhing skink) is a species of skink endemic to South Asia (India. A second specimen was discovered in 2009 in an open scrub jungle in rocky habitat near Jaggayapet, Andhra Pradesh, some 170 years after the collection of the holotype.	Lygosoma vosmaeri	species
taxon rank	Tillandsia ariza-juliae, the wand airplant, is a species in the genus Tillandsia.	Tillandsia ariza-juliae	species
taxon rank	Eocaecilia is an extinct genus of caecilian (limbless amphibian) from the early Jurassic Kayenta Formation of Arizona, USA.	Eocaecilia	genus
taxon rank	Elasmias cernicum is a species of tropical, tree-living, air-breathing, land snail, arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae.	Elasmias cernicum	species
taxon rank	Trifolium pratense, the red clover is a herbaceous species of flowering plant in the bean family Fabaceae, native to Europe, Western Asia and northwest Africa, but planted and naturalised in many other regions.	Trifolium pratense	species
taxon rank	The six species in the genus Didelphis, commonly known as large American opossums, are members of the order Didelphimorphia.	Didelphis	genus
taxon rank	Aglaspoides is an extinct genus of aglaspid arthropod.	Aglaspoides	genus
taxon rank	Gymnocarpium is a small genus of ferns, called oak ferns.	Gymnocarpium	genus
taxon rank	Patera clarki nantahala, the noonday globe, is a subspecies of Patera clarki, a land snail in the family Polygyridae.	Patera clarki nantahala	subspecies
taxon rank	Aulonocara korneliae, known in the aquarium fish trade as the Aulonocara Chizumulu, Aulonocara blue gold or blue orchard Aulanocara, is a species of freshwater fish in the Cichlidae family.	Aulonocara korneliae	species
taxon rank	Opilio lepidus is a species of harvestman in the Phalangiidae family.	Opilio lepidus	species
taxon rank	Michelia coriacea is a species of flowering plant in the family Magnoliaceae.	Michelia coriacea	species
taxon rank	Diabantia is a genus of praying mantises.	Diabantia	genus
taxon rank	Barbulifer is a genus of gobies native to the tropical Atlantic coast of the Americas as well as the Gulf of California on the Pacific coast.	Barbulifer	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron karvinskianus is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common names Mexican fleabane, Latin American fleabane, Santa Barbara daisy or Spanish daisy Karwinsky's fleabane, Bony-tip Fleabane.	Erigeron karvinskianus	species
taxon rank	Dendrocnide meyeniana is a species of tree in the Urticaceae family, native to the thickets and secondary forests of Taiwan and the Philippines.	Dendrocnide meyeniana	species
taxon rank	Aulonocara nyassae, known as the emperor cichlid, is a species of freshwater fish in the Cichlidae family that is endemic to Lake Malawi.	Aulonocara nyassae	species
taxon rank	Goodfellow's tree-kangaroo (Dendrolagus goodfellowi) also called the ornate tree-kangaroo, belongs to the family Macropodidae, which includes kangaroos, wallabies and their relatives, and the genus Dendrolagus, with eleven other species.	Goodfellow's tree-kangaroo	species
taxon rank	Amphisbaena silvestrii, also known as Silvestri's worm lizard, is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena.	Amphisbaena silvestrii	species
taxon rank	Drosophila ambigua is a European species of fruit fly.	Drosophila ambigua	species
taxon rank	Porroglossum (from Greek ``far off'' and ``tongue'', referring to the position of the lip) is a genus of orchids native to the Andes of South America.	Porroglossum	genus
taxon rank	Gymnogeophagus is a genus of cichlid fishes from South America, where they are known from various river basins (notably Rio de la Plata and Lagoa dos Patos--Mirim) in southern Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay and northern Argentina.	Gymnogeophagus	genus
taxon rank	Baeomyces is a genus of lichens.	Baeomyces	genus
taxon rank	Oscularia is a genus of succulent flowering plants in the family Aizoaceae, native to semi-arid and rocky habitats in the Western Cape of South Africa.	Oscularia	genus
taxon rank	Platycranium pustulosum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Platycranium.	Platycranium pustulosum	species
taxon rank	Rubus aboriginum is a North American species of dewberry, known as the garden dewberry and aboriginal dewberry.	Rubus aboriginum	species
taxon rank	Cyphocleonus achates is a species of true weevil known as the knapweed root weevil.	Cyphocleonus achates	species
taxon rank	Leucochrysum albicans, commonly known as hoary sunray, is a species in the family Asteraceae.	Leucochrysum albicans	species
taxon rank	Erigeron salishii is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names Salish fleabane and Star Peak fleabane.	Erigeron salishii	species
taxon rank	Lyngbya is a genus of cyanobacteria, multicellular autotrophs that form the basis of the oceanic food chain.	Lyngbya	genus
taxon rank	Melicope knudsenii, commonly known as Olokele Valley melicope or Knudsen's melicope, is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family, Rutaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.	Melicope knudsenii	species
taxon rank	Alrausuchus is an extinct genus of biarmosuchian therapsid from Russia.	Alrausuchus	genus
taxon rank	Ranzania (Japanese: トガクシショウマ) is a monotypic genus of perennial herbs in the family Berberidaceae, the only species is Ranzania japonica.	Ranzania japonica	species
taxon rank	Nosferatu steindachneri, Steindachner's cichlid, is a species of cichlid endemic to Mexico where it is found in the Tamasopo, Gallinas and Ojo Frio Rivers of the Panuco River basin.	Nosferatu steindachneri	species
taxon rank	Thunnus tonggol is a species of tuna of tropical Indo-West Pacific waters.	Thunnus tonggol	species
taxon rank	Metriacanthosauridae is an extinct family of carnivorous allosauroid theropod dinosaurs.	Metriacanthosauridae	family
taxon rank	Pogogyne douglasii is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names Douglas' mesamint and Douglas' beardstyle.	Pogogyne douglasii	species
taxon rank	Dendrobium gibsonii is a species of orchid native to China (Guangxi and Yunnan provinces), the Himalayas (Nepal, Bhutan, India, Assam), and northern Indochina (Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, Vietnam).	Dendrobium gibsonii	species
taxon rank	Ophioblennius macclurei, the Redlip blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Atlantic ocean.	Ophioblennius macclurei	species
taxon rank	Paraclinus is a genus of labrisomid blennies native to eastern Pacific Ocean and the western Atlantic Ocean.	Paraclinus	genus
taxon rank	Vitis californica, with common names California wild grape, Northern California grape, and Pacific grape, is a wild grape species widespread across much of California as well as southwestern Oregon.	Vitis californica	species
taxon rank	Garnotia is a genus of Asian, Australian, and tropical island plants in the grass family.	Garnotia	genus
taxon rank	Meroles ctenodactylus, also known as Smith's sand lizard or Smith's desert lizard, is a species of sand-dwelling lizard in the family Lacertidae.	Meroles ctenodactylus	species
taxon rank	Didymoplexis is a genus of 17 species of leafless, achlorophyllous orchids, native to Africa, Madagascar, Southeast Asia, Australia and various islands of the Pacific.	Didymoplexis	genus
taxon rank	The Culex vishnui Theobald mosquito species belongs to a sub-type that also includes two other carriers of the Japanese encephalitis virus - Culex tritaeniorhynchus Giles and Culex pseudovishnui Colless.	Culex vishnui	species
taxon rank	Nemoderma is the only genus in the family Nemodermataceae and order Nemodermatales of the brown algae (class Phaeophyceae).	Nemoderma	genus
taxon rank	Ononis repens or common restharrow is a plant species of the genus Ononis.	Ononis repens	species
taxon rank	The White and Blood-red Dendrobium (Dendrobium albosanguineum) is a species of orchid, native to Thailand and Myanmar.	Dendrobium albosanguineum	species
taxon rank	Colletes marginatus is a species of solitary bee of the family Colletidae.	Colletes marginatus	species
taxon rank	Festuca psammophila is a species of grass which is endemic to Central Europe.	Festuca psammophila	species
taxon rank	Crataegus submollis, known as the northern downy hawthorn, northern red haw, Quebec hawthorn, or hairy cockspurthorn, is a species of hawthorn that grows to about 7 m in height and typically carries large crops of red fruit.	Crataegus submollis	species
taxon rank	Myrmecia hilli is a species of ant native to Australia.	Myrmecia hilli	species
taxon rank	Parasimulium is a genus of black flies containing two subgenera and four species.	Parasimulium	genus
taxon rank	Beyeria subtecta, commonly known as the Kangaroo Island Turpentine Bush, is a species of plant in the family Euphorbiaceae.	Beyeria subtecta	species
taxon rank	Exapion fuscirostre (formerly Apion fuscirostre) is a species of straight-snouted weevil known by the general common name Scotch broom seed weevil.	Exapion fuscirostre	species
taxon rank	Semirossia patagonica is a species of bobtail squid native to the southwestern Atlantic Ocean and southeastern Pacific Ocean; it occurs around the southern part of South America and has been recorded from waters off Chile, Anegada Bay, Tierra del Fuego, Argentina, and the Falkland Islands.	Semirossia patagonica	species
taxon rank	Bagauda zetteli is a species of assassin bug in the subfamily Emesinae found in Borneo.	Bagauda zetteli	species
taxon rank	Brittle stars or ophiuroids are echinoderms in the class Ophiuroidea closely related to starfish.	Brittle star	class
taxon rank	Diadectidae is an extinct family of early tetrapods that lived in what is now North America and Europe during the Late Carboniferous and Early Permian, and in Asia during the Late Permian.	Diadectidae	family
taxon rank	Matthiola longipetala, known as Night-scented Stock or Evening Stock (syns Cheiranthus longipetalus, Matthiola bicornis, Matthiola longipetala subsp. bicornis, and Matthiola oxyceras), is a species of ornamental plant.	Matthiola longipetala	species
taxon rank	Aulaconotopsis fimbriatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Aulaconotopsis.	Aulaconotopsis fimbriatus	species
taxon rank	Acromyrmex subterraneus is a species of leaf-cutter ant, a New World ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae of the genus Acromyrmex.	Acromyrmex subterraneus	species
taxon rank	Editha is a small genus of large, brightly colored sand wasps, restricted to South America.	Editha	genus
taxon rank	Filippovia knipovitchi, the smooth hooked squid, is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae and the sole member of the genus Filippovia.	Filippovia knipovitchi	species
taxon rank	Camponotus japonicus, more often known under the common name Japanese carpenter ant, is a species of ant native to East Asia.	Camponotus japonicus	species
voice type	Adam Flowers is an American lyric tenor who is based in San Francisco, California.	Adam Flowers	tenor
voice type	Erna Berger (19 October 1900 -- 14 June 1990), was a German coloratura lyric soprano.	Erna Berger	soprano
voice type	Albert Reiss (22 February 1870 -- 19 June 1940) was a German operatic tenor who had a prolific career in Europe and the United States during the first third of the twentieth century.	Albert Reiss	tenor
voice type	Anna Leese (born 7 March 1981) is a New Zealand born soprano opera singer based in Tuscany.	Anna Leese	soprano
voice type	Violeta Urmana, (born Violeta Urmanavičiūtė) is a Lithuanian soprano and mezzo-soprano.	Violeta Urmana	soprano	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Andrea Gruber (born 1966) is an award winning American dramatic soprano particularly admired for her interpretations of the works of Puccini, Verdi, and Wagner.	Andrea Gruber	soprano
voice type	Gloria Davy (March 29, 1931, Brooklyn -- November 28, 2012, Geneva) was a Swiss soprano of American birth who had an active international career in operas and concerts from the 1950s through the 1980s.	Gloria Davy	soprano
voice type	Joan Cross (7 September 1900 -- 12 December 1993) was an English soprano, closely associated with the operas of Benjamin Britten.	Joan Cross	soprano
voice type	Octave Dua (28 Feb 1882, Ghent - 8 March 1952, Brussels) was a Belgian operatic tenor.	Octave Dua	tenor
voice type	Elizabeth Frances Ingram (5 November 1888 -- 12 April 1974) was an American operatic contralto of English birth who had an active career in North America during the 1910s and 1920s.	Frances Ingram	contralto
voice type	Taryn Fiebig (born 1 February 1972) is an Australian opera and musical theatre soprano and cellist.	Taryn Fiebig	soprano
voice type	Cecilia Bartoli, Cavaliere OMRI (Italian: (tʃeˈtʃiːlja ˈbartoli); born 4 June 1966) is an Italian coloratura mezzo-soprano opera singer and recitalist.	Cecilia Bartoli	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Pollione Ronzi (before 1835 - after 1912) was an Italian operatic tenor, composer, conductor, and voice teacher.	Pollione Ronzi	tenor
voice type	Edwina Eustis Dick (1 September 1908 -- 3 March 1997) was an American classical contralto and pioneer in the field of music therapy.	Edwina Eustis Dick	contralto
voice type	Niels Juel Simonsen (born May 16, 1846 in Copenhagen, died May 25, 1906 also in Copenhagen ) was Danish baritone opera singer, who made his debut in 1874.	Niels Juel Simonsen	baritone
voice type	Richard Edgar-Wilson is an English tenor who has had an international career on the concert platform and the opera stage.	Richard Edgar-Wilson	tenor
voice type	Caroline Unger (sometimes ``Ungher'') (28 October 1803 -- 23 March 1877) was an Austro-Hungarian contralto, alternatively known as Karoline, Carolina, and Carlotta.	Caroline Unger	contralto
voice type	Blake Stern (1917 -- 22 December 1987) was an American tenor, best known as an oratorio singer, and a professor emeritus of music at Yale University, where he taught voice.	Blake Stern	tenor
voice type	Ruxandra Donose (born in Bucharest) is a Romanian operatic mezzo-soprano.	Ruxandra Donose	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Alessandro Corbelli (born September 21, 1952) is an Italian baritone opera singer.	Alessandro Corbelli	baritone
voice type	Dodi Protero (March 13, 1931--April 22, 2007) was a Canadian operatic soprano who had a prolific international career from 1955 through 1980.	Dodi Protero	soprano
voice type	Hans Jörg Mammel (born in Stuttgart) is a German tenor in opera and concert.	Hans Jörg Mammel	tenor
voice type	Kathryn Elizabeth Smith (May 1, 1907 -- June 17, 1986), known professionally as Kate Smith and The First Lady of Radio, was an American singer, a contralto, best known for her rendition of Irving Berlin's ``God Bless America''.	Kate Smith	contralto
voice type	Otakar Mařák (5 January 1872 Esztergom, Hungary -- 2 July 1939 Prague) was a tenor Czech opera singer, and a nephew of Julius Mařák who perfected his vocal skills at Prague's School of Applied Arts as well as at the Czech Academy of Arts.	Otakar Mařák	tenor
voice type	Jane Barbier (d ?London, ?will proved 9 Dec 1757) was an English contralto of the 18th century, best known for her performances in the operas of George Frederic Handel.	Jane Barbier	contralto
voice type	Alwina Valleria (October 12, 1848 -- February 17, 1925) was an American-born soprano.	Alwina Valleria	soprano
