author	The Journal of Julius Rodman, Being an Account of the First Passage across the Rocky Mountains of North America Ever Achieved by Civilized Man is an unfinished serial novel by American author Edgar Allan Poe published in 1840.	The Journal of Julius Rodman	Edgar Allan Poe
author	East of the Mountains is a novel by American author David Guterson, first published in 1999, and in paperback in 2000.	East of the Mountains	David Guterson
author	The Marvels Project is a 2009-2010 eight-issue comic book limited series written by Ed Brubaker with art by Steve Epting and published by Marvel Comics.	The Marvels Project	Ed Brubaker
author	La sombra de Heidegger (English: The Shadow of Heidegger) is a 2005 thriller written by the Argentine philosopher José Pablo Feinmann.	La sombra de Heidegger	José Pablo Feinmann
author	Works of Love (Danish: Kjerlighedens Gjerninger) is a work by Søren Kierkegaard written in 1847.	Works of Love	Søren Kierkegaard
author	Firewing is a children's book written by the Canadian author, Kenneth Oppel.	Firewing	Kenneth Oppel
author	The Age of Spiritual Machines is a non-fiction book by inventor and futurist Ray Kurzweil about artificial intelligence and the future course of humanity.	The Age of Spiritual Machines	Ray Kurzweil
author	O Seminarista (in English: The Seminarian) is a novel by Brazilian writer Bernardo Guimarães, first published in 1872.	O Seminarista	Bernardo Guimarães
author	To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960.	To Kill a Mockingbird	Harper Lee
author	Gut Symmetries is a 1997 novel by the British literary writer Jeanette Winterson, exploring themes of human relationships and physics.	Gut Symmetries	Jeanette Winterson
author	The Underpainter is a novel by Jane Urquhart that won the 1997 Governor General's Award for English-language fiction, and in the same year was a finalist for the Rogers Writers' Trust Fiction Prize.	The Underpainter	Jane Urquhart
author	The Four-Chambered Heart is a 1950 autobiographical novel by French-born writer Anaïs Nin, part of her Cities of the Interior sequence.	The Four-Chambered Heart	Anaïs Nin
author	``The Secret Sharer'' is a short story by Joseph Conrad written in 1909, first published in Harper's Magazine in 1910, and as a book in the short-story collection Twixt Land and Sea (1912).	The Secret Sharer	Joseph Conrad
author	Little Peter's Journey to the Moon (German Peterchens Mondfahrt) is a German-language fairy tale written by Gerdt von Bassewitz.	Little Peter's Journey to the Moon	Gerdt von Bassewitz
author	Sonnet 36 is one of 154 Shakespeare's sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare.	Sonnet 36	William Shakespeare
author	Lettin' It All Hang Out is the autobiography of drag performer RuPaul.	Lettin' It All Hang Out	RuPaul
author	Nightmares and Geezenstacks is a short story collection consisting of 47 horror, science fiction and crime stories written by Fredric Brown.	Nightmares and Geezenstacks	Fredric Brown
author	Les Contemplations (The Contemplations) is a collection of poetry by Victor Hugo, published in 1856.	Les Contemplations	Victor Hugo
author	Spearfield's Daughter is a 1982 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary.	Spearfield's Daughter	Jon Cleary
author	``The Sick Rose'' is a poem by William Blake.	The Sick Rose	William Blake
author	Sigtuna väravad (English: The Gates of Sigtuna) is a compilation of novels by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi.	Sigtuna väravad	Karl Ristikivi
author	The Rottweiler (2003) is a psychological thriller novel by English crime writer Ruth Rendell.	The Rottweiler	Ruth Rendell
author	Les Sœurs Vatard (English: The Vatard Sisters) is a novel by the French writer Joris-Karl Huysmans, first published in 1879.	Les Sœurs Vatard	Joris-Karl Huysmans
author	The Emerald Atlas is the first novel of the children's fantasy trilogy The Books of Beginning by John Stephens.	The Emerald Atlas	John Stephens
author	The Meanest Doll in the World is a children's novel by Ann M. Martin and Laura Godwin.	The Meanest Doll in the World	Ann M. Martin
author	``Black Colossus'' is one of the original short stories starring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian, written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine, June 1933.	Black Colossus	Robert E. Howard
author	Up the Junction is a 1963 collection of short stories by Nell Dunn that depicts contemporary life in the industrial slums of Battersea and Clapham Junction.	Up the Junction	Nell Dunn
author	Witch Week is a children's fantasy novel and school story by the British writer Diana Wynne Jones, published by Macmillan Children's Books in 1982.	Witch Week	Diana Wynne Jones
author	La Dentellière (``The Lacemaker''), is a French novel by Pascal Lainé.	La Dentellière	Pascal Lainé
author	An Encyclopedia of Claims, Frauds, and Hoaxes of the Occult and Supernatural is a 1995 book by James Randi with a foreword by Arthur C. Clarke.	An Encyclopedia of Claims, Frauds, and Hoaxes of the Occult and Supernatural	James Randi	Arthur C. Clarke
author	Beyond the Veil of Stars is a science-fiction novel by Robert Reed, first published in 1994.	Beyond the Veil of Stars	Robert Reed
author	Goblin Market and Other Poems was Christina Rossetti's first volume of poetry, published in 1862.	Goblin Market and Other Poems	Christina Rossetti
author	The Key to Midnight is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz, released in 1979 under the pseudonym Leigh Nichols.	The Key to Midnight	Dean Koontz
author	The Headless Lady (1940) is a whodunnit mystery novel written by Clayton Rawson.	The Headless Lady	Clayton Rawson
author	The Rites of Eleusis were a series of seven public invocations or rites written by British occultist Aleister Crowley, each centered on one of the seven classical planets of antiquity.	Rites of Eleusis	Aleister Crowley
author	One Man's Bible (S: 一个人的圣经, T: 一個人的聖經, P: Yī gè rén de Shèngjīng, French: Le Livre d'un homme seul) is a novel by Gao Xingjian.	One Man's Bible	Gao Xingjian
author	A View from the Bridge is a play by American playwright Arthur Miller, first staged on September 29, 1955, as a one-act verse drama with A Memory of Two Mondays at the Coronet Theatre on Broadway.	A View from the Bridge	Arthur Miller
author	Hinds' Feet on High Places is an allegorical novel by English author Hannah Hurnard.	Hinds' Feet on High Places	Hannah Hurnard
author	Black Kiss is a hardboiled erotic American comic book limited series written and drawn by Howard Chaykin, which was originally published in 1988 by Vortex Comics.	Black Kiss	Howard Chaykin
author	Hell Has No Limits (Spanish: El lugar sin límites, ``The Place Without Limits'') is a 1966 novel written by Chilean José Donoso.	Hell Has No Limits	José Donoso
author	Guerrilla Days in Ireland is a book published by Irish Republican Army leader Tom Barry in 1949.	Guerrilla Days in Ireland	Tom Barry
author	Emeka a biography by Frederick Forsyth about his friend Colonel Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu, head of the state of Biafra, a republic that seceded from Nigeria and was briefly independent.	Emeka	Frederick Forsyth
author	Killing Rommel is a 2008 historical fiction novel by Steven Pressfield set in North Africa during World War Two.	Killing Rommel	Steven Pressfield
author	The Heart of Midlothian is the seventh of Sir Walter Scott's Waverley Novels.	The Heart of Midlothian	Walter Scott
author	Absent in the Spring is a novel written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Collins in August 1944 and in the US by Farrar & Rinehart later in the same year.	Absent in the Spring	Agatha Christie
author	An Essay on the History of Civil Society is a book by the Scottish Enlightenment philosopher Adam Ferguson, first published in 1767.	An Essay on the History of Civil Society	Adam Ferguson
author	Chuk and Gek (Russian: Чук и Гек) is a 1939 Russian short-story written by Soviet children's writer Arkady Gaidar.	Chuk and Gek	Arkady Gaidar
author	``Gingo biloba'' (later: Ginkgo biloba) is a poem written by the German poet Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.	Gingo biloba	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
author	His Family is a novel by Ernest Poole published in 1917 about the life of a New York widower and his three daughters in the 1910s.	His Family	Ernest Poole
author	The Three Sui Quash the Demons' Revolt (三遂平妖傳), also translated as The Sorcerer's Revolt, is a novel written in the Ming Dynasty and attributed to Luo Guanzhong, the 14th-century author of Romance of the Three Kingdoms.	The Three Sui Quash the Demons' Revolt	Luo Guanzhong
author	Soldier Boys is a 2001 novel by writer Dean Hughes.	Soldier Boys	Dean Hughes
author	The Boat of a Million Years is a science fiction novel by Poul Anderson first published in 1989 and nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel that same year.	The Boat of a Million Years	Poul Anderson
author	The Conan Grimoire is a 1972 collection of essays, poetry and fiction edited by L. Sprague de Camp and George H. Scithers, published in hardcover by Mirage Press.	The Conan Grimoire	George H. Scithers
author	The Meaning of Shakespeare (1951) was written by Harold Clarke Goddard.	The Meaning of Shakespeare	Harold Clarke Goddard
author	Det skriker fra Kverrvilljuvet is a novel first published in 1920 by Norwegian writer Mikkjel Fønhus.	Det skriker fra Kverrvilljuvet	Mikkjel Fønhus
author	Sampagitang Walang Bango (``Jasmine Without Fragrance''), also rendered as Sampaguitang Walang Bango, was a 1921 Tagalog-language novel written by notable Filipino novelist Iñigo Ed. Regalado.	Sampagitang Walang Bango	Iñigo Ed. Regalado
author	Lady of Sherwood is a 1999 historical fiction novel by American author Jennifer Roberson.	Lady of Sherwood	Jennifer Roberson
author	The Extraordinary Life of The Last Emperor of China (Chinese: 末代皇帝的非常人生; pinyin: Mòdài Huángdì dè Fēicháng Rénshēng) is a Chinese historical biographical book by Jia Yinghua about the life of Puyi (1906--1967), the Last Emperor of China.	The Extraordinary Life of The Last Emperor of China	Jia Yinghua
author	Phineas Finn is a novel by Anthony Trollope and the name of its leading character.	Phineas Finn	Anthony Trollope
author	The Myth of the Twentieth Century (German: Der Mythus des zwanzigsten Jahrhunderts) is a 1930 book by Alfred Rosenberg, one of the principal ideologues of the Nazi Party and editor of the Nazi paper Völkischer Beobachter.	The Myth of the Twentieth Century	Alfred Rosenberg
author	Swordsmen and Supermen is an anonymously edited anthology of fantasy stories by Robert E. Howard and others, with a cover by Virgil Finlay.	Swordsmen and Supermen	Robert E. Howard
author	Hello Out There! is a one-act play by the Armenian-American playwright William Saroyan written early in August 1941.	Hello Out There!	William Saroyan
author	``The Brick Moon'' is a short story by Edward Everett Hale, published serially in The Atlantic Monthly starting in 1869.	The Brick Moon	Edward Everett Hale
author	Journey to a War is a travel book in prose and verse by W. H. Auden and Christopher Isherwood, published in 1939.	Journey to a War	W. H. Auden	Christopher Isherwood
author	``A Retrieved Reformation'' is a short story by American author O. Henry first published in The Cosmopolitan Magazine, April 1903.	A Retrieved Reformation	O. Henry
author	Kiss Me, Deadly (1952) is Mickey Spillane's sixth novel featuring private investigator Mike Hammer.	Kiss Me, Deadly	Mickey Spillane
author	Postcards from the Grave is a book by Emir Suljagić, relating to his experiences in Srebrenica, published on 31 July 2005 by Saqi Books (196 pages).	Postcards from the Grave	Emir Suljagić
author	Traditionally, the authorship of the Mahabharata is attributed to Vyasa.	Mahabharata	Vyasa
author	The Story of My Typewriter is a 2002 book, by Paul Auster, mostly with pictures by the painter Sam Messer.	The Story of My Typewriter	Paul Auster
author	Fashion Beast is a 2012 ten issue limited series and screen play by Alan Moore, Malcolm McLaren, and Antony Johnston.	Fashion Beast	Alan Moore
author	China Harayeko Manchhe is an autobiography written by Hari Bansha Acharya.	China Harayeko Manchhe	Hari Bansha Acharya
author	The Star Rover is a novel by American writer Jack London published in 1915 (published in the United Kingdom as The Jacket).	The Star Rover	Jack London
author	``The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas'' is a 1973 plotless, short, descriptive work of philosophical fiction, popularly classified as a short story, by Ursula K. Le Guin.	The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas	Ursula K. Le Guin
author	The Four Elements of Architecture is a book by the German architect Gottfried Semper.	The Four Elements of Architecture	Gottfried Semper
author	The Jupiter Theft is a 1977 novel by science fiction writer Donald Moffitt, re-printed in 2003 with a new afterword.	The Jupiter Theft	Donald Moffitt
author	``Harrison Bergeron'' is a satirical and dystopian science-fiction short story written by Kurt Vonnegut and first published in October 1961.	Harrison Bergeron	Kurt Vonnegut
author	The Blue Peril (English translation of the French title, Le Péril Bleu) is a 1910 French science fiction novel by Maurice Renard.	The Blue Peril	Maurice Renard
author	Emilia Galotti is a play in five acts by Gotthold Ephraim Lessing (1729--1781), which premiered on 8 March 1772 in Brunswick (``Braunschweig'' in German).	Emilia Galotti	Gotthold Ephraim Lessing
author	The Chinaman Pacific and Frisco R.R. Co. is a 1988 short-story collection by Frank Chin that collects many of the short stories he had published in the 1970s.	The Chinaman Pacific and Frisco R.R. Co.	Frank Chin
author	Notes on Muscovite Affairs (Rerum Moscoviticarum Commentarii) (1549) was a Latin book by Baron Sigismund von Herberstein on the geography, history and customs of Muscovy (the 16th century Russian state).	Notes on Muscovite Affairs	Sigismund von Herberstein
author	Obasan is a novel by the Japanese-Canadian author Joy Kogawa.	Obasan	Joy Kogawa
author	Room For Love is a chick lit novel by American author Andrea Meyer.	Room For Love	Andrea Meyer
author	Heart of the Comet is a novel by David Brin and Gregory Benford about human space travel to Halley's Comet published in 1986.	Heart of the Comet	David Brin
author	``The Revolutionist'' is an Ernest Hemingway short story published in his first American volume of stories In Our Time.	The Revolutionist	Ernest Hemingway
author	Lords of the Starship is a 1967 science fiction novel which marked the debut of author Mark S. Geston, written while he was a sophomore at Kenyon College.	Lords of the Starship	Mark S. Geston
author	Märchen Awakens Romance, officially abbreviated as MÄR (メル Meru), is a manga series written and illustrated by Nobuyuki Anzai.	MÄR	Nobuyuki Anzai
author	Seen Art? is a children's picture book written by Jon Scieszka and illustrated by Lane Smith.	Seen Art?	Jon Scieszka
author	De humani corporis fabrica libri septem (Latin for ``On the fabric of the human body in seven books'') is a set of books on human anatomy written by Andreas Vesalius (1514--1564) and published in 1543.	De humani corporis fabrica	Andreas Vesalius
author	The Comedy Writer is a 1998 novel by filmmaker Peter Farrelly.	The Comedy Writer	Peter Farrelly
author	Oath of Swords is the first novel in the War God fantasy series by American author David Weber.	Oath of Swords	David Weber
author	Brian's Return is a 1999 wilderness survival novel written by Gary Paulsen and fourth novel in the Hatchet series.	Brian's Return	Gary Paulsen
author	El Unicorno translated in English as The Wandering Unicorn (1965) is a novel by the Argentinian author Manuel Mujica Láinez (1910--1964) in which the legend of Melusine is developed.	The Wandering Unicorn	Manuel Mujica Láinez
author	The Symbolic Species is a 1997 book by biological anthropologist Terrence Deacon on the evolution of language.	The Symbolic Species	Terrence Deacon
author	Where to Find Your Law is a book by Ernest Arthur Jelf, M.A. It is a bibliography of law.	Where to Find Your Law	Ernest Arthur Jelf
author	Lucky Everyday (2009) is the debut novel of the Indian author Bapsy Jain published by Penguin, USA.	Lucky Everyday	Bapsy Jain
author	Elements of the Philosophy of Newton (French: Éléments de la philosophie de Newton) is a book written by the philosopher Voltaire in 1738 that helped to popularize the theories and thought of Isaac Newton.	Elements of the Philosophy of Newton	Voltaire
author	Drømmebroer (lit. Dream Bridges) is a 2000 poetry collection by Danish poet Henrik Nordbrandt.	Drømmebroer	Henrik Nordbrandt
author	The Theory of Business Enterprise is an economics (or political economy) book by Thorstein Veblen published in 1904 that looks at the growing corporate domination of culture and the economy.	The Theory of Business Enterprise	Thorstein Veblen
author	The Eyes of the Dragon is a novel by Stephen King that was first published as a limited edition slipcased hardcover by Philtrum Press in 1984, illustrated by Kenneth R. Linkhauser.	The Eyes of the Dragon	Stephen King
author	The Monkey Wrench Gang is a novel written by American author Edward Abbey (1927--1989), published in 1975.	The Monkey Wrench Gang	Edward Abbey
author	The Stain is a 1984 novel of sexuality and religion by Rikki Ducornet, set in France's Loire Valley in the nineteenth century.	The Stain	Rikki Ducornet
author	The Clerkenwell Tales is an historical novel by English writer Peter Ackroyd, first published in 2003.	The Clerkenwell Tales	Peter Ackroyd
author	How I Became a Nun by César Aira is a novel set in Rosario, Argentina, about a precocious six-year-old named César Aira.	How I Became a Nun	César Aira
author	The Wheel on the School is a novel by Meindert DeJong a Dutch born American that won the 1955 Newbery Medal for children's literature and the 1957 Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis.	The Wheel on the School	Meindert DeJong
author	Al Capone Does My Shirts is a historical fiction novel for young adults by award winning author Gennifer Choldenko.	Al Capone Does My Shirts	Gennifer Choldenko
author	Marooned in Realtime is a 1986 murder mystery and time-travel science fiction novel by American writer Vernor Vinge, about a small, time-displaced group of people who may be the only survivors of a technological singularity or alien invasion.	Marooned in Realtime	Vernor Vinge
author	It's Just a Plant is a children's book, written, illustrated and published by Ricardo Cortés.	It's Just a Plant	Ricardo Cortés
author	The PHP License, version 3.01 Copyright (c) 1999 - 2015 The PHP Group.	PHP License	PHP Group
author	Woman and the New Race is a book by birth control advocate Margaret Sanger published in 1920.	Woman and the New Race	Margaret Sanger
author	The Dying Earth is a collection of fantasy short fiction by Jack Vance, published by Hillman in 1950.	The Dying Earth	Jack Vance
author	Bert och Boysen (Swedish: Bert and the boys) is a diary novel, written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1996.	Bert och Boysen	Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson
author	Striding Folly is a collection of short stories by Dorothy L. Sayers featuring Lord Peter Wimsey.	Striding Folly	Dorothy L. Sayers
author	``26 Monkeys, Also the Abyss'' is a fantasy short story by Kij Johnson, published in 2008 on the American magazine Asimov's Science Fiction.	26 Monkeys, Also the Abyss	Kij Johnson
author	Sonnet 30 is one of the 154 sonnets written by the English poet and playwright William Shakespeare.	Sonnet 30	William Shakespeare
author	The Fifth Mountain (Portuguese: O Monte Cinco) by Paulo Coelho was published in 1996 and was his fourth major publication.	The Fifth Mountain	Paulo Coelho
author	Mr. Sleeman Is Coming (Swedish: Herr Sleeman kommer) is a 1917 one-act play by the Swedish author Hjalmar Bergman.	Mr. Sleeman Is Coming	Hjalmar Bergman
author	The Sweet Smell of Psychosis is Will Self's first published Novella.	The Sweet Smell of Psychosis	Will Self
author	Double Contact is a 1999 science fiction book by author James White and is the last in the Sector General series.	Double Contact	James White
author	13 Things That Don't Make Sense is a non-fiction book by the British science writer Michael Brooks, published in both the UK and the US during 2008.	13 Things That Don't Make Sense	Michael Brooks
author	Aurora Floyd (1863) is a sensation novel written by Mary Elizabeth Braddon.	Aurora Floyd	Mary Elizabeth Braddon
author	The Story of Civilization, by husband and wife Will and Ariel Durant, is an eleven-volume set of books covering Western history for the general reader.	The Story of Civilization	Ariel Durant
author	The History of the Siege of Lisbon (Portuguese: História do Cerco de Lisboa) is a novel by Portuguese author José Saramago, first published in 1989.	The History of the Siege of Lisbon	José Saramago
author	Boeah Rindoe (Perfected Spelling: Buah Rindu, Indonesian for Fruits of Longing) is a 1941 poetry collection by Amir Hamzah.	Buah Rindu	Amir Hamzah
author	The Friends of Voltaire, written by Evelyn Beatrice Hall under the pseudonym S. G. Tallentyre, was published in 1906.	The Friends of Voltaire	Evelyn Beatrice Hall
author	Wonderland Revisited and the Games Alice Played There is a novel by Keith Sheppard, written about 1993 and published in 2009 by Evertype of Westport, County Mayo.	Wonderland Revisited and the Games Alice Played There	Keith Sheppard
author	Epistemology of the Closet is a book published in 1990 by Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick, who is considered one of the founders of queer studies.	Epistemology of the Closet	Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick
author	The Adventures of Captain Underpants is an American children's novel by Dav Pilkey, the first novel in the Captain Underpants series.	The Adventures of Captain Underpants	Dav Pilkey
author	Victims of Yalta is the British and The Secret Betrayal the American title of a 1977 book by Nikolai Tolstoy that chronicles the fate of Soviet people who had been under German control during World War II and at its end fallen into the hands of the Western Allies.	Victims of Yalta	Nikolai Tolstoy
author	The Totem is a horror novel by David Morrell, first published in 1979.	The Totem	David Morrell
author	Romance of the Three Kingdoms, attributed to Luo Guanzhong, is a historical novel set in the turbulent years towards the end of the Han dynasty and the Three Kingdoms period in Chinese history, starting in 169 AD and ending with the reunification of the land in 280.	Romance of the Three Kingdoms	Luo Guanzhong
author	The Country and the City is a book of cultural analysis by Raymond Williams which was first published in 1973.	The Country and the City	Raymond Williams
author	The Ring and the Book is a long dramatic narrative poem, and, more specifically, a verse novel, of 21,000 lines, written by Robert Browning.	The Ring and the Book	Robert Browning
author	Mrs. Overtheway's Remembrances (1869) is the first children's book published by author Juliana Horatia Ewing (1884-1886).	Mrs. Overtheway's Remembrances	Juliana Horatia Ewing
author	The Search for the Dice Man was written by George Cockcroft under the pen name Luke Rhinehart.	The Search for the Dice Man	George Cockcroft
author	The Shaping of Middle-earth (1986) is the fourth volume of Christopher Tolkien's 12-volume series The History of Middle-earth in which he analyses the unpublished manuscripts of his father J. R. R. Tolkien.	The Shaping of Middle-earth	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	Free Food for Millionaires is a 2007 novel by Korean American writer Min Jin Lee.	Free Food for Millionaires	Min Jin Lee
author	``Down by the Salley Gardens'' (Irish: Gort na Saileán) is a poem by William Butler Yeats published in The Wanderings of Oisin and Other Poems in 1889.	Down by the Salley Gardens	William Butler Yeats
author	The White Deer is a 96-page children's novel written by James Thurber (author of The Thirteen Clocks and The Wonderful O) in 1945.	The White Deer	James Thurber
author	First Landing is a 2002 science fiction novel by Robert Zubrin that tells the story of the first manned space expedition to Mars.	First Landing	Robert Zubrin
author	Queen of the Elephants is a book written by the conservationist and travel writer Mark Shand and the corresponding BBC documentary Queen of the Elephants, based on the life of the first female mahout in recent times--	Queen of the Elephants	Mark Shand
author	Housekeeping vs. The Dirt is a 2006 collection of essays from The Believer written by Nick Hornby.	Housekeeping vs. The Dirt	Nick Hornby
author	In the Forests of the Night is a vampire novel written by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes, and published in 1999.	In the Forests of the Night	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
author	``The Ice-Maiden'' is an 1861 fairy tale (short story) by the Danish writer, Hans Christian Andersen and published by KING & BAIRD in 1863.	The Ice-Maiden	Hans Christian Andersen
author	Fat Kid Rules the World is a young adult novel published by American author KL Going in 2003.	Fat Kid Rules the World	KL Going
author	Hearts in Atlantis (1999) is a collection of two novellas and three short stories by Stephen King, all connected to one another by recurring characters and taking place in roughly chronological order.	Hearts in Atlantis	Stephen King
author	Message to Adolf, known in Japan as Adolf ni Tsugu (アドルフに告ぐ Adorufu ni Tsugu, literally: ``Reporting to Adolf'') and known in earlier English versions as Adolf, is a manga series made by Osamu Tezuka.	Message to Adolf	Osamu Tezuka
author	Whispers in the Graveyard is a children's novel by Theresa Breslin, published by Methuen in 1994.	Whispers in the Graveyard	Theresa Breslin
author	Forge of Darkness is the first novel of The Kharkanas Trilogy by Canadian author Steven Erikson, set before the events of the Malazan Book of the Fallen.	Forge of Darkness	Steven Erikson
author	The Twenty-Second Day is a 2007 novel by Muhammad Aladdin, and has been published by ِEl-'Ain Publishing House in Egypt.	The Twenty-Second Day	Muhammad Aladdin
author	Zahrah the Windseeker (Houghton Mifflin, Sept 2005), written by Nnedi Okorafor, is one of a very small handful of young adult fantasy novels that incorporate the myths and folklore and culture of West Africa.	Zahrah the Windseeker	Nnedi Okorafor
author	The Life of Vertebrates is a noted biology textbook by John Zachary Young.	The Life of Vertebrates	John Zachary Young
author	The Servile State is a book written by Hilaire Belloc in 1912 about economics.	The Servile State	Hilaire Belloc
author	Child of a Dream (original title: Il figlio del sogno) is the first part of Valerio Massimo Manfredi's Alexander trilogy, released in 1998.	Child of a Dream	Valerio Massimo Manfredi
author	``The Ship that Found Herself'' is a short story by Rudyard Kipling, first published in The Idler in 1895.	The Ship that Found Herself	Rudyard Kipling
author	``The Use of Knowledge in Society'' is a scholarly article written by economist Friedrich Hayek, first published in the September 1945 issue of The American Economic Review.	The Use of Knowledge in Society	Friedrich Hayek
author	The Evolution of Human Sexuality is a 1979 book by anthropologist Donald Symons, a classic work on human sexual evolution.	The Evolution of Human Sexuality	Donald Symons
author	The Hungry Tide (2004) is the sixth novel by Indian-born author, Amitav Ghosh.	The Hungry Tide	Amitav Ghosh
author	My Cleaner is a novel by English author Maggie Gee.	My Cleaner	Maggie Gee
author	Don Segundo Sombra is a 1926 novel by Argentine rancher Ricardo Güiraldes.	Don Segundo Sombra	Ricardo Güiraldes
author	The Manipulated Man (German: Der Dressierte Mann) is a 1971 book by author Esther Vilar.	The Manipulated Man	Esther Vilar
author	The Principles of Scientific Management is a monograph published by Frederick Winslow Taylor in 1911.	The Principles of Scientific Management	Frederick Winslow Taylor
award received	Lalla Carlsen was awarded the King's Medal of Merit in gold in 1949.	Lalla Carlsen	King's Medal of Merit
award received	Evana Manandhar (Nepali: इभाना मानन्धर) is a Nepali business woman, model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Nepal 2015 on 18 April 2015 at an event held at Hotel Annapurna.	Evana Manandhar	Miss Nepal
award received	Erich Würdemann (15 January 1914, in Hamburg -- 14 July 1943, west of Vigo in the Bay of Biscay) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Erich Würdemann	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Padma Bhushan Sir K.V.A.R. (Kottaiyur Veerappa Alagappa Ramanatha) Alagappa Chettiar, (Tamil: வள்ள டாக்டர் திரு க.வி.அழ.அழகப்பா செட்டியார்) (6 April 1909 -- 5 April 1957), was an Indian businessman and philanthropist.	Alagappa Chettiar	Padma Bhushan
award received	Leonard C. Brostrom was a soldier in the United States Army who died during the Philippines Campaign of 1944--45 during World War II. He received the Medal of Honor posthumously for his actions during this campaign.	Leonard C. Brostrom	Medal of Honor
award received	Sahaj Grover (born September 7, 1995) is a Grandmaster of chess from Delhi, India.	Sahaj Grover	Grandmaster
award received	In March 2008, People in Need awarded Nilar Thein, along with political prisoners Su Su Nway and Phyu Phyu Thin, the Homo Homini Award.	Nilar Thein	Homo Homini Award
award received	Wilfred Norman Edwards FGS (1890 -- 17 December 1956) was a British geologist, keeper of geology at the Natural History Museum from 1938 to 1955 and was awarded the Lyell Medal in 1955.	Wilfred Norman Edwards	Lyell Medal
award received	Vladimir Basov was named People's Artist of the USSR in 1983.	Vladimir Basov	People's Artist of the USSR
award received	Marcos Moshinsky Borodiansky (Russian: Маркос Мошинский Бородянский; Ukrainian: Маркос Мошинскі; 1921--2009) was a Mexican physicist of Ukrainian-Jewish origin whose work in the field of elementary particles won him the Prince of Asturias Prize for Scientific and Technical Investigation in 1988 and the UNESCO Science Prize in 1997.	Marcos Moshinsky	UNESCO Science Prize
award received	Edmund H. Marriott, a captain in the Canadian Army, was awarded the Silver Star on 22 September 1943, by General Dwight D. Eisenhower for ``gallantry in action on 23 and 24 April 1945 near Sandhatten, Germany.	Edmund H. Marriott	Silver Star
award received	In 2015, Nicky Jam won a Latin Grammy Award for Best Urban Performance.	Nicky Jam	Latin Grammy Award for Best Urban Performance
award received	Carol Marin received the Peabody Award in 1997 for her body of work.	Carol Marin	Peabody Award
award received	Alexander Areshchenko (Ukrainian: Олександр Арещенко) (born June 15, 1986 in Luhansk, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian chess Grandmaster and former Ukrainian Champion, a title he won in 2005.	Alexander Areshchenko	Grandmaster
award received	In September 2008, the same organization awarded Ragıp Zarakolu the 2008 IPA Freedom to Publish Prize to ``(send) a message to the Turkish authorities that domestic legislation must be further amended to meet international freedom of expression standards''.	Ragıp Zarakolu	IPA Freedom to Publish Prize
award received	Ardeshir Ruttonji Wadia (1888--1971) was an author from India who was awarded Padma Bhushan in 1961 by Government of India for his contribution to literature.	Ardeshir Ruttonji Wadia	Padma Bhushan
award received	Ranjit Singh Dyal was awarded the Maha Vir Chakra for this operation.	Ranjit Singh Dyal	Maha Vir Chakra
award received	Deen Hergott (born Kitchener, Ontario, Canada, October, 1962) is a Canadian International Master of Chess.	Deen Hergott	International Master
award received	Marya Zaturenska (September 12, 1902 -- January 19, 1982) was an American lyric poet, winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1938.	Marya Zaturenska	Pulitzer Prize for Poetry
award received	In July 1917 Scott was awarded the Military Cross - Capt. (temp Maj.) Alan John Lance Scott Yeo., and R.F.C. For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty.	Alan John Lance Scott	Military Cross
award received	Gunther Gerzso was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973 and later in 1978 he was the recipient of the Premio Nacional de Bellas Artes.	Gunther Gerzso	Guggenheim Fellowship
award received	On August 19, 1833, Apollon Galafeyev was awarded the Order of Saint Stanislaus (1st class) and then Order of Saint Anna (1st class) a year later.	Apollon Galafeyev	Order of Saint Anna (1st class
award received	Marcel Sisniega Campbell (July 28, 1959 -- January 19, 2013) was a Mexican chess Grandmaster and film director.	Marcel Sisniega Campbell	Grandmaster
award received	In 1920 August Krogh was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the discovery of the mechanism of regulation of the capillaries in skeletal muscle.	August Krogh	Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
award received	Heinrich Kittel (31 October 1892 -- 5 March 1969) was a highly decorated Generalleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Heinrich Kittel	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
cast member	A Prince of Lovers is a 1922 British silent biographical film directed by Charles Calvert and starring Howard Gaye, Marjorie Hume and Mary Clare.	A Prince of Lovers	Mary Clare
cast member	Kissed by Winter (Norwegian: Vinterkyss) is a Norwegian film that first premiered February 11, 2005 starring Norwegian actor Kristoffer Joner and Swedish actress Annika Hallin.	Kissed by Winter	Kristoffer Joner	Annika Hallin
cast member	Miss Mend (also known as The Adventures of the Three Reporters) is a 1926 Soviet spy film, originally realised in three parts, directed by and starring Boris Barnet and Fyodor Otsep.	Miss Mend	Boris Barnet
cast member	I'm Not Mata Hari (Spanish:Yo no soy la Mata-Hari) is a 1949 Spanish comedy spy film directed by Benito Perojo and starring Niní Marshall, Roberto Font and Virgilio Teixeira.	I'm Not Mata Hari	Niní Marshall
cast member	I Love Maria is a 1988 Hong Kong science fiction film directed by David Chung and starring the film's producers Tsui Hark and John Shum, alongside Sally Yeh, Tony Leung and Lam Ching-ying.	I Love Maria	John Shum
cast member	Sandhesam (English: The Message) is a 1991 Malayalam black comedy-political satire film written by Sreenivasan and directed by Sathyan Anthikkad, starring Sreenivasan, Jayaram, Thilakan, Siddique, Kaviyoor Ponnamma and Maathu in pivotal roles.	Sandhesam	Sreenivasan
cast member	I Married a Woman is a 1958 American comedy film made in 1956, starring George Gobel and Diana Dors.	I Married a Woman	George Gobel	Diana Dors
cast member	El amor perjudica seriamente la salud (English: Love Can Seriously Damage Your Health) is a 1997 Spanish comedy film directed by Manuel Gómez Pereira and starring Penélope Cruz, Ana Belén, Javier Bardem, Juanjo Puigcorbé and Gabino Diego.	Love Can Seriously Damage Your Health	Penélope Cruz	Ana Belén	Juanjo Puigcorbé	Gabino Diego
cast member	Accident on Hill Road is a 2009 Bollywood film, directed by Mahesh Nair and produced by Nari Hira, starring Farooq Sheikh, Abhimanyu Singh, Celina Jaitley.	Accident on Hill Road	Farooq Sheikh
cast member	Mondo New York examines the lives and activities of Manhattan performance artists, and features Joey Arias and Rick Aviles.	Mondo New York	Joey Arias	Rick Aviles
cast member	Arisan! was also the first film in Indonesian film history to include two men kissing, by the characters Sakti and Nino (Tora Sudiro and Surya Saputra).	Arisan!	Tora Sudiro
cast member	Summer Rental is a 1985 comedy film, directed by Carl Reiner and starring John Candy.	Summer Rental	John Candy
cast member	Stranger on Horseback is a 1955 American Western film directed by Jacques Tourneur starring Joel McCrea.	Stranger on Horseback	Joel McCrea
cast member	Two Little Wooden Shoes is a 1920 British silent romance film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Joan Morgan, Langhorn Burton and J. Denton-Thompson.	Two Little Wooden Shoes	Joan Morgan
cast member	Dear Murderer is a 1947 British thriller, directed by Arthur Crabtree for Gainsborough Pictures, and starring Eric Portman and Greta Gynt.	Dear Murderer	Eric Portman	Greta Gynt
cast member	Seventeen years later, Meharun Nisa (Sara Loren) grows up and happens to come across the BBC documentary.	Meharun Nisa	Sara Loren
cast member	Maisie Was a Lady is a 1940 comedy-drama film directed by Edwin L. Marin and is the fourth in a series of ten films starring Ann Sothern as good-hearted showgirl Maisie Ravier.	Maisie Was a Lady	Ann Sothern
cast member	The Thrill of Brazil, also known as Dancing Down to Rio, is a 1946 American musical film directed by S. Sylvan Simon for Columbia Pictures and starring Evelyn Keyes, Keenan Wynn, and Ann Miller.	The Thrill of Brazil	Evelyn Keyes
cast member	Soul Plane is a 2004 American comedy film directed by Jessy Terrero, written by Bo Zenga, and starring Kevin Hart, Method Man, Tom Arnold, D. L. Hughley, Mo'Nique, Loni Love, K.D. Aubert, Godfrey, and Snoop Dogg.	Soul Plane	Kevin Hart	Method Man	Tom Arnold	D. L. Hughley	Mo'Nique	Loni Love	Godfrey	Snoop Dogg
cast member	Thunder in Carolina is a 1960 stock car racing movie starring Rory Calhoun, Alan Hale, Jr., and Connie Hines.	Thunder in Carolina	Rory Calhoun	Alan Hale, Jr.	Connie Hines
cast member	Malli Malli Idi Rani Roju is a 2015 Telugu romance film written and directed by Kranthi Madhav starring Sharwanand and Nithya Menen.	Malli Malli Idi Rani Roju	Sharwanand	Nithya Menen
cast member	7aum Arivu (pronunciation: Ēḻām aṟivu) (English: Seventh Sense) is a 2011 Indian science fiction-martial arts film written and directed by AR Murugadoss, featuring Suriya and Shruti Haasan in the lead roles and Johnny Tri Nguyen as the main antagonist.	7aum Arivu	Suriya	Shruti Haasan	Johnny Tri Nguyen
cast member	Lethal Weapon 2 is a 1989 American buddy cop action film directed by Richard Donner, and starring Mel Gibson, Danny Glover, Joe Pesci , Patsy Kensit, Derrick O'Connor and Joss Ackland.	Lethal Weapon 2	Mel Gibson	Danny Glover	Joe Pesci	Patsy Kensit	Derrick O'Connor	Joss Ackland
cast member	Lucky Lady is a 1975 American film directed by Stanley Donen and starring Gene Hackman, Liza Minnelli and Burt Reynolds, with Robby Benson.	Lucky Lady	Gene Hackman	Liza Minnelli	Burt Reynolds	Robby Benson
cast member	The Wild Ride is a 1960 American film directed by Harvey Berman and starring Jack Nicholson as a rebellious punk named Johnny, of the Beat generation, who spends his days as an amateur dirt track driver in between partying and troublemaking.	The Wild Ride	Jack Nicholson
cast member	ABS-CBN has also enlisted the help of award-winning actor Albert Martinez for ``Sa Piling Mo'', in his first ABS-CBN teleserye.	Sa Piling Mo	Albert Martinez
cast member	Love and Other Catastrophes is a quirky 1996 Australian romantic comedy film featuring Frances O'Connor, Radha Mitchell, Alice Garner, Matthew Dyktynski, Matt Day and Kym Gyngell.	Love and Other Catastrophes	Frances O'Connor	Radha Mitchell	Alice Garner	Matthew Dyktynski	Matt Day	Kym Gyngell
cast member	Mikey and Nicky is a 1976 American film written and directed by Elaine May and starring Peter Falk and John Cassavetes.	Mikey and Nicky	Peter Falk	John Cassavetes
cast member	Pastor Brown stars Salli Richardson, Nicole Ari Parker, Michael Beach, Monica, and Keith David.	Pastor Brown	Salli Richardson	Nicole Ari Parker	Michael Beach	Keith David
cast member	The Midlanders is a 1920 American silent drama film starring Bessie Love and directed by husband and wife duo Joseph De Grasse and Ida May Park.	The Midlanders	Bessie Love
cast member	Faande Poriya Boga Kaande Re is a 2011 Bengali-language Indian romantic comedy film, directed by Soumik Chattopadhyay, starring Soham Chakraborty and Srabanti Chatterjee.	Faande Poriya Boga Kaande Re	Soham Chakraborty
cast member	The 3rd Hospital (Hangul: 제3병원; RR: Jesambyeongwon) is a 2012 South Korean medical drama, starring Kim Seung-woo, Oh Ji-ho, Kim Min-jung and Choi Sooyoung of Girls' Generation.	The 3rd Hospital	Kim Seung-woo	Oh Ji-ho	Sooyoung
cast member	Inner Senses is a 2002 Hong Kong psychological horror film directed by Law Chi-leung and starring Leslie Cheung and Karena Lam.	Inner Senses	Leslie Cheung	Karena Lam
cast member	Adiós Amigo (1976) is an American comedy-Western starring Fred Williamson and Richard Pryor.	Adiós Amigo	Fred Williamson	Richard Pryor
cast member	Up Jumped a Swagman is a 1965 British musical comedy film directed by Christopher Miles and starring Frank Ifield, Annette Andre, Ronald Radd and Suzy Kendall.	Up Jumped a Swagman	Frank Ifield
cast member	The Cheese Special is a 1913 American silent short comedy film featuring Max Asher and marking the film debut of Louise Fazenda.	The Cheese Special	Louise Fazenda
cast member	Across 110th Street is a 1972 American crime drama film starring Anthony Quinn, Yaphet Kotto, and Anthony Franciosa, and directed by Barry Shear.	Across 110th Street	Anthony Quinn	Yaphet Kotto	Anthony Franciosa
cast member	Warrior of the Lost World (also known as Mad Rider) is a 1983 Italian post-apocalyptic science fiction film written and directed by David Worth, starring Robert Ginty, Persis Khambatta, and Donald Pleasence.	Warrior of the Lost World	Robert Ginty	Persis Khambatta	Donald Pleasence
cast member	Stamboul Quest is a 1934 spy film set in World War I, directed by Sam Wood, starring Myrna Loy and George Brent and featuring Lionel Atwill.	Stamboul Quest	Myrna Loy	George Brent
cast member	The Flower of Doom is a 1917 silent drama film written and directed by Rex Ingram and starring Wedgwood Nowell, Yvette Mitchell and Nicholas Dunaew.	The Flower of Doom	Wedgwood Nowell
cast member	My Little Bride (Hangul: 어린 신부; RR: Eorin sinbu) is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy film about an arranged marriage between a female high school student (Moon Geun-young) and a male college student (Kim Rae-won).	My Little Bride	Moon Geun-young	Kim Rae-won
cast member	F.T.A. is a 1972 American documentary film starring Jane Fonda and Donald Sutherland and directed by Francine Parker.	F.T.A.	Jane Fonda	Donald Sutherland
cast member	Tuesday X (voiced by Lynsey Bartilson) - The X's oldest daughter and missions investigator.	The X's	Lynsey Bartilson
cast member	Carry On Jatta (Punjabi: ਕੈਰੀ ਆਨ ਜੱਟਾ) is a 2012 Punjabi comedy film directed by Smeep Kang, and starring Gippy Grewal opposite Mahie Gill in lead roles.	Carry On Jatta	Gippy Grewal
cast member	It Shouldn't Happen to a Dog is a 1946 American comedy crime film directed by Herbert I. Leeds and starring Carole Landis, Allyn Joslyn and Margo Woode.	It Shouldn't Happen to a Dog	Carole Landis	Allyn Joslyn
cast member	Frank and Ollie is a 1995 documentary film about the life and careers of Frank Thomas and Ollie Johnston, two chief animators who had worked at Walt Disney Animation Studios during its early years, up until their retirement in the late 1970s.	Frank and Ollie	Frank Thomas	Ollie Johnston
cast member	Pillow to Post is a 1945 romantic comedy film set in World War II. It stars Ida Lupino, Sydney Greenstreet and William Prince, and is based on the play Pillar to Post by Rose Simon Kohn.	Pillow to Post	Ida Lupino
cast member	Cruel Intentions is a 1999 American drama film starring Sarah Michelle Gellar, Ryan Phillippe, Reese Witherspoon, and Selma Blair.	Cruel Intentions	Sarah Michelle Gellar	Ryan Phillippe	Reese Witherspoon	Selma Blair
cast member	La signorina (i.e. ``The young lady'') is a 1942 Italian romance-drama film directed by Ladislao Kish and starring Loredana and Nino Besozzi.	La signorina	Loredana	Nino Besozzi
cast member	The Heiress is a 1949 American drama film directed by William Wyler and starring Olivia de Havilland as Catherine Sloper, Montgomery Clift as Morris Townsend, and Ralph Richardson as Dr. Sloper.	The Heiress	Olivia de Havilland	Montgomery Clift	Ralph Richardson
cast member	Roswolsky's Mistress (German:Die Geliebte Roswolskys) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Felix Basch and starring Asta Nielsen, Paul Wegener and Wilhelm Diegelmann.	Roswolsky's Mistress	Asta Nielsen
cast member	The Moon-Spinners is a 1964 American Walt Disney Productions feature film starring Hayley Mills, Eli Wallach and Peter McEnery in a story about a jewel thief hiding on the island of Crete.	The Moon-Spinners	Hayley Mills	Eli Wallach	Peter McEnery
cast member	BoyTown is a 2006 Australian comedy film, directed by Kevin Carlin and starring an ensemble cast of prominent Australian comedians, including Glenn Robbins, Mick Molloy, Bob Franklin, Wayne Hope and Gary Eck.	BoyTown	Glenn Robbins	Mick Molloy	Bob Franklin	Wayne Hope	Gary Eck
cast member	He Who Rides a Tiger is a 1965 British crime drama directed by Charles Crichton, and starring Tom Bell and Judi Dench, based on the real-life cat-burglar Peter Scott.	He Who Rides a Tiger	Tom Bell	Judi Dench
cast member	Poovilangu is a 1984 Indian movie directed by Ameerjan starring Murali and Kuyili.	Poovilangu	Murali
cast member	Misbehaving Ladies is a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Lila Lee, Ben Lyon and Louise Fazenda.	Misbehaving Ladies	Lila Lee
cast member	Joan of Ozark is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Joseph Santley and starring Judy Canova, Joe E. Brown and Eddie Foy Jr..	Joan of Ozark	Judy Canova
cast member	Le Halua Le is a 2012 Bengali-language Indian feature comedy film directed by Raja Chanda, starring Mithun Chakraborty.	Le Halua Le	Mithun Chakraborty
cast member	The Old Bus is a 1934 Australian documentary film about aviator Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith.	The Old Bus	Charles Kingsford-Smith
cast member	Her Honor, the Governor is a 1926 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick, directed by Chester Withey and featuring Boris Karloff.	Her Honor, the Governor	Pauline Frederick
cast member	Starring Barry Otto, Imogen Annesley and Max Fairchild, Howling III is the only PG-13 rated entry in the Howling series.	Howling III	Barry Otto
cast member	The film was directed by Alain Resnais and featured Jean-Paul Belmondo as Stavisky and Anny Duperey as his wife, Arlette.	Stavisky	Jean-Paul Belmondo	Anny Duperey
cast member	Rocky III also marks the film debuts of Mr. T as James ``Clubber'' Lang, and of professional wrestler Hulk Hogan as the supporting character ``Thunderlips''.	Rocky III	Mr. T	Hulk Hogan
cast member	The House in the Tree is a 1913 American silent short film written by Lloyd Lonergan starring William Garwood and Billie Bennett.	The House in the Tree	William Garwood	Billie Bennett
cast member	The Best Thief in the World is a film starring Mary-Louise Parker.	The Best Thief in the World	Mary-Louise Parker
cast member	The Lone Defender is a 1930 American Pre-Code Mascot movie serial starring Rin Tin Tin.	The Lone Defender	Rin Tin Tin
cast member	They Came to Rob Las Vegas is a 1968 crime film directed by Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi and starring Gary Lockwood, Elke Sommer, Lee J. Cobb, and Jack Palance.	They Came to Rob Las Vegas	Gary Lockwood	Elke Sommer	Lee J. Cobb	Jack Palance
cast member	Contest Searchlight starred Denis Leary and Lenny Clarke, playing slightly fictionalized versions of themselves, as TV producers holding a nationwide contest to select a new television series to produce for the Comedy Central network.	Contest Searchlight	Denis Leary	Lenny Clarke
cast member	The Thing Below is a 2004 horror film starring Billy Warlock and directed by Jim Wynorski.	The Thing Below	Billy Warlock
cast member	The Pervert's Guide to Ideology is a 2012 British documentary film directed by Sophie Fiennes and written and presented by Slovene philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Žižek.	The Pervert's Guide to Ideology	Slavoj Žižek
cast member	Arrive Alive is an unfinished comedy film starring Willem Dafoe and Joan Cusack, directed by Jeremiah S. Chechik and produced by Art Linson.	Arrive Alive	Willem Dafoe	Joan Cusack
cast member	The Avenging Eagle is a 1978 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio, starring Ti Lung, Alexander Fu and Ku Feng.	The Avenging Eagle	Ti Lung	Alexander Fu	Ku Feng
cast member	Paithrukam is a 1993 Malayalam drama film directed by Jayaraaj, and starring Suresh Gopi, Narendra Prasad and Jayaram in lead roles.	Paithrukam	Suresh Gopi
cast member	How to Behave is a short film released through MGM Studios starring Robert Benchley.	How to Behave	Robert Benchley
cast member	Outback Vampires is a 1987 Australian film directed by Colin Eggleston and features Richard Morgan, Angela Kennedy, Brett Climo and Richard Carter.	Outback Vampires	Brett Climo
cast member	Don't Think is a 2012 live album and concert film of The Chemical Brothers when they performed at the Fuji Rock Festival the previous year.	Don't Think	The Chemical Brothers
cast member	The Story of Wish You Were Here is a direct-to-video documentary about the making of Wish You Were Here album by Pink Floyd.	The Story of Wish You Were Here	Pink Floyd
cast member	Question 7 is a 1961 film directed by Stuart Rosenberg and starring Michael Gwynn, Margaret Jahnen and Christian de Bresson.	Question 7	Michael Gwynn
cast member	Idhaya Malar is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist.	Idhaya Malar	Kamal Haasan
cast member	Gilbert Dying to Die is a 1915 British silent short comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Fred Groves.	Gilbert Dying to Die	Fred Groves
cast member	Poovarasan is a 1996 Tamil drama film, directed by Gokula Krishnan, starring Karthik and Rachana Banerjee in lead roles.	Poovarasan	Karthik
cast member	Cellmates is a 2011 American comedy film starring Tom Sizemore, and Olga Segura and was directed and written by producer, director, and writer Jesse Baget.	Cellmates	Tom Sizemore	Olga Segura
cast member	Guns of the Timberland is a 1960 feature film starring Alan Ladd and Jeanne Crain.	Guns of the Timberland	Alan Ladd	Jeanne Crain
cast member	The Dragon Family (龍之家族) is a 1988 Hong Kong action film directed by Lau Kar-wing starring Andy Lau, Alan Tam and Max Mok.	The Dragon Family	Andy Lau	Alan Tam	Max Mok
cast member	Thieves' Gold is a 1918 American Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey.	Thieves' Gold	Harry Carey
cast member	Baava is a 2010 Telugu film, the debut film of director Ram Babu and starring Siddharth Narayan and Pranitha.	Baava	Siddharth Narayan	Pranitha
cast member	Reunion in Reno is a 1951 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Mark Stevens, Peggy Dow and Gigi Perreau.	Reunion in Reno	Mark Stevens
cast member	Daffy's Rhapsody is a 2012 theatrical 3D computer-animated short film starring Mel Blanc as Daffy Duck (via an archive recording of a song, ``Daffy Duck's Rhapsody'', which was recorded in the 1950s by Capitol Records) and Billy West as Elmer Fudd.	Daffy's Rhapsody	Mel Blanc	Billy West
cast member	Shar Jackson as Monique, a female Good Burger employee who scolds Dexter for using Ed's gullibility to steal most of his money, but eventually becomes his girlfriend.	Good Burger	Shar Jackson
cast member	A Birder's Guide to Everything is an independent film starring Kodi Smit-McPhee, Alex Wolff, Michael Chen, Katie Chang, James Le Gros, Daniela Lavender and Sir Ben Kingsley.	A Birder's Guide to Everything	Kodi Smit-McPhee	Katie Chang	Ben Kingsley
cast member	Youth Never Returns is a 2015 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Tian Meng and produced by Manfred Wong, and starring Hans Zhang and Joe Chen.	Youth Never Returns	Hans Zhang
cast member	Dior and I is a 2014 documentary film written and directed by Frédéric Tcheng about designer Raf Simons's creative work for Christian Dior S.A..	Dior and I	Raf Simons
cast member	Det stod i avisen is a 1962 Danish family film directed by Peer Guldbrandsen and starring Henning Moritzen.	Det stod i avisen	Henning Moritzen
cast member	Blood on the Arrow is a 1964 Western film starring Dale Robertson and Martha Hyer is about the sole survivor of an Apache ambush, who rides out to save a young boy who has been captured.	Blood on the Arrow	Dale Robertson	Martha Hyer
cast member	Andrew Stanton conceived WALL-E during a lunch with fellow writers John Lasseter, Pete Docter, and Joe Ranft in 1994.	WALL-E	Pete Docter
cast member	My Dream Is Yours is a 1949 musical romantic comedy film starring Jack Carson, Doris Day, and Lee Bowman.	My Dream Is Yours	Jack Carson	Doris Day	Lee Bowman
cast member	The Avenging Quartet (霸海紅英) is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts action crime film directed by Stanley Siu Wing, starring Cynthia Khan and Moon Lee.	The Avenging Quartet	Cynthia Khan
cast member	Military Raaj is a 1998 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Sanjay Sharma, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Pratibha Sinha, Pooja Bedi, Aditya Pancholi, Prem Chopra, Irfan Kamal and Deepak Shirke	Military Raaj	Mithun Chakraborty	Pratibha Sinha	Aditya Pancholi	Prem Chopra
cast member	The Christmas That Almost Wasn't is a 1966 American-Italian film that stars Rossano Brazzi and Paul Tripp, and was originally released by Childhood Productions Inc. On television, the movie had traditional December airings on Home Box Office (HBO) during the 1970s and early 1980s.	The Christmas That Almost Wasn't	Rossano Brazzi	Paul Tripp
cast member	Parayan Marannathu is a 2009 Malayalam film by debutante Arun S. Bhaskar starring Biju Menon and Lakshmi Sharma.	Parayan Marannathu	Biju Menon
cast member	Smita Deshmukh as Rajmata Jijausaheb Shahajiraje Bhosale Milind Gunaji as Rajpita Shahajiraje Bhosale Amol Kolhe as Chhatrapati Shivaji.	Rajmata Jijau	Milind Gunaji
cast member	Martín (hache) is a 1997 Spanish and Argentine film directed by Adolfo Aristarain and starring Federico Luppi, Juan Diego Botto, Cecilia Roth and Eusebio Poncela.	Martín (hache)	Federico Luppi	Juan Diego Botto	Cecilia Roth	Eusebio Poncela
cast member	Aarilirunthu Arubathu Varai (translation: From six to sixty) is a 1979 Tamil film directed by SP. Muthuraman, starring Rajinikanth.	Aarilirunthu Arubathu Varai	Rajinikanth
cast member	Kill the Wicked! (Italian: Dio non paga il sabato, also known as God Does Not Pay on Saturday and Kill the Wickeds) is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Tanio Boccia and starring Larry Ward and Rod Dana.	Kill the Wicked!	Larry Ward
cast member	Dos corazones y un cielo (English: Two Hearts and One Heaven) is a 1959 Mexican musical-comedy film directed by Rafael Baledón and starring Demetrio González, Eulalio González, and Rosa de Castilla.	Dos corazones y un cielo	Demetrio González	Eulalio González	Rosa de Castilla
cast member	Notes on the Port of St. Francis is a 1951 short impressionistic documentary film on San Francisco, directed by Frank Stauffacher, and with narration written by Robert Louis Stevenson (1882) and read by Vincent Price.	Notes on the Port of St. Francis	Vincent Price
cast member	Thadaakam is a 1982 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by I. V. Sasi, starring Mammootty and Ratheesh in lead roles.	Thadaakam	Mammootty
cast member	The Clash of the Wolves is a 1925 American silent Western/adventure film produced and distributed by Warner Bros. Directed by Noel M. Smith, the film stars canine actor Rin Tin Tin, Charles Farrell and June Marlowe.	The Clash of the Wolves	Rin Tin Tin
cast member	I Love Lucy is an American television sitcom starring Lucille Ball, Desi Arnaz, Vivian Vance, and William Frawley.	I Love Lucy	Lucille Ball	Desi Arnaz	Vivian Vance	William Frawley
cast member	Racing Stripes stars Hayden Panettiere, Bruce Greenwood, Wendie Malick and M. Emmet Walsh, with the vocal talents of Frankie Muniz, Dustin Hoffman, Whoopi Goldberg, Mandy Moore, Steve Harvey, David Spade, Jeff Foxworthy, Joe Pantoliano, Fred Dalton Thompson, Joshua Jackson, Michael Rosenbaum, and Snoop Dogg.	Racing Stripes	Hayden Panettiere	Bruce Greenwood	Wendie Malick	M. Emmet Walsh	Frankie Muniz
cast member	Calmi Cuori Appassionati (冷静と情熱のあいだ aka Reisei to Jōnetsu no Aida; lit. ``Between Calmness and Passion'') is a 2001 Japanese movie directed by Isamu Nakae, starring Yutaka Takenouchi and Kelly Chen.	Calmi Cuori Appassionati	Yutaka Takenouchi	Kelly Chen
cast member	I Loved an Armchair (Greek: Αγάπησα μια πολυθρόνα, translit. Agapisa Mia Polythrona) is a 1971 Greek film directed by Dinos Dimopoulos and produced by Karagiannis-Karatzopoulos S.A. starring Kostas Voutsas, Eleni Erimou and Giorgos Papazisis.	I Loved an Armchair	Kostas Voutsas
cast member	Sadhu Aur Shaitaan (Hindi: साधु और शैतान) is a 1968 Hindi film directed by A. Bhimsingh and starring Mehmood, Om Prakash, and Pran in lead roles.The movie is a remake of 1966 Tamil suspense-comedy Saadhu Mirandal which was also later remade in Kannada in 1980 as Driver Hanumanthu.	Sadhu Aur Shaitaan	Om Prakash	Pran
cast member	Big Business Girl is a 1931 Pre-Code First National sound film comedy directed by William A. Seiter and starring Loretta Young, then eighteen years old.	Big Business Girl	Loretta Young
cast member	Heaven or Vegas was a 1999 movie which was a romantic drama that starred Yasmine Bleeth and Richard Grieco.	Heaven or Vegas	Yasmine Bleeth	Richard Grieco
cast member	Fort Ti is a 1953 American 3-D Western film directed by William Castle, and starring George Montgomery and Joan Vohs.	Fort Ti	George Montgomery
cast member	Riding the Wind is a 1942 Western film starring Tim Holt.	Riding the Wind	Tim Holt
cast member	Forbidden Adventure, also known as Newly Rich, is a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Norman Taurog and starring Mitzi Green, Edna May Oliver, Louise Fazenda and Jackie Searl.	Forbidden Adventure	Mitzi Green
cast member	Westward Passage is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Robert Milton and starring Ann Harding, Laurence Olivier, ZaSu Pitts and Irving Pichel.	Westward Passage	Ann Harding
cast member	Three Weeks in Paris is a 1925 silent movie from Warner Bros. starring Matt Moore and Dorothy Devore.	Three Weeks in Paris	Matt Moore
cast member	Venus Rising is a 1995 action film starring Billy Wirth, Audie England, Costas Mandylor and Morgan Fairchild.	Venus Rising	Costas Mandylor	Morgan Fairchild
cast member	The Taming of Sunnybrook Nell is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Sydney Ayres, written by Harry Wulze and starring William Garwood, Louise Lester and Vivian Rich.	The Taming of Sunnybrook Nell	William Garwood	Louise Lester
cast member	Once Before I Die is a 1966 war drama starring Ursula Andress and her husband John Derek, who also directed.	Once Before I Die	Ursula Andress	John Derek
cast member	Ceiling Zero is a 1936 adventure/drama film directed by Howard Hawks and starring James Cagney and Pat O'Brien.	Ceiling Zero	James Cagney	Pat O'Brien
cast member	Love Fiction (Hangul: 러브 픽션; RR: Leobeu Piksieon) is a 2012 South Korean romantic comedy film written and directed by Jeon Kye-soo, and starring Ha Jung-woo and Gong Hyo-jin.	Love Fiction	Ha Jung-woo	Gong Hyo-jin
cast member	The Yellow Cab Man is a 1950 comedy film directed by Jack Donohue starring Red Skelton, Gloria DeHaven and Edward Arnold.	The Yellow Cab Man	Red Skelton	Gloria DeHaven	Edward Arnold
cast member	Valentin Valentin is a 2015 French crime mystery film directed by Pascal Thomas and starring Marilou Berry, Vincent Rottiers and Marie Gillain.	Valentin Valentin	Marilou Berry
cast member	White Face (aka Edgar Wallace's White Face the Fiend) is a 1932 British crime film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Hugh Williams, Gordon Harker and Renee Gadd.	White Face	Hugh Williams
cast member	Through the Sluice Gates is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by John G. Adolfi starring William Garwood and Belle Bennett.	Through the Sluice Gates	William Garwood	Belle Bennett
cast member	Mary Latimer, Nun is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Bert Haldane and starring Malvina Longfellow, Warwick Ward and Ethel Fisher.	Mary Latimer, Nun	Malvina Longfellow
cast member	The Shocking Miss Pilgrim is a 1947 American musical comedy film in Technicolor written and directed by George Seaton, starring Betty Grable and Dick Haymes.	The Shocking Miss Pilgrim	Betty Grable	Dick Haymes
cast member	Bonds of Love was a 1919 American silent romantic drama film directed by Reginald Barker and starring Pauline Frederick.	Bonds of Love	Pauline Frederick
cast member	The Rotters is a 1921 British silent comedy film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Joe Nightingale, Sydney Fairbrother and Sidney Paxton.	The Rotters	Sydney Fairbrother
cast member	The Bengali Night (French: La nuit Bengali) is a 1988 semi-autobiographical film based upon the Mircea Eliade 1933 Romanian novel, Bengal Nights, directed by Nicolas Klotz and starring Hugh Grant, Soumitra Chatterjee, Supriya Pathak and Shabana Azmi.	The Bengali Night	Hugh Grant	Soumitra Chatterjee	Supriya Pathak	Shabana Azmi
cast member	Kala Dhanda Goray Log (Translation: Fair People Black Deeds) is a 1986 action thriller Hindi film directed by Sanjay Khan, starring Sunil Dutt, Sanjay Khan, Anita Raj, Akbar Khan and Amrita Singh.	Kala Dhanda Goray Log	Sunil Dutt
cast member	Hendes store aften is a 1954 Danish romance film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Helle Virkner.	Hendes store aften	Helle Virkner
cast member	Mezzanotte d'amore (Italian for Midnight of love) is a 1970 Italian musicarello film directed by Ettore Maria Fizzarotti and starring Al Bano and Romina Power.	Mezzanotte d'amore	Romina Power
cast member	Up the Sandbox is a 1972 American drama/comedy film directed by Irvin Kershner, starring Barbra Streisand.	Up the Sandbox	Barbra Streisand
cast member	Furimukeba Ai (ふりむけば愛), also titled ``Take Me Away!'' is a 1979 Japanese film starring Momoe Yamaguchi and Tomokazu Miura and directed by Nobuhiko Obayashi.	Furimukeba Ai	Momoe Yamaguchi	Tomokazu Miura
child	Phaenarete (Greek Φαιναρέτη), wife of Sophroniscus, was the mother of the Greek philosopher Socrates and his half-brother, Patrocles.	Phaenarete	Socrates
child	Jacques d'Arc (1380--1440) was a farmer in the village of Domrémy in Lorraine, and the father of the French heroine and Roman Catholic saint Joan of Arc.	Jacques d'Arc	Joan of Arc
child	Wu Sangui's son, Wu Yingxiong (Wu Shifan's father), married Princess Jianning, the 14th daughter of the Kangxi Emperor's grandfather Hong Taiji.	Wu Sangui	Wu Yingxiong
child	Margery Wentworth, also known as Margaret Wentworth (c. 1478 -- 18 October 1550) was the wife of Sir John Seymour and the mother of Queen Jane Seymour, the third wife of Henry VIII of England.	Margery Wentworth	Jane Seymour
child	William Stevenson Smith and George Andrew Reisner propose to identify queen Hetepheres I (concubine of Sneferu and mother of king Khufu; 4th dynasty) as the daughter of King Huni.	Huni	Hetepheres I
child	Unfortunately for Rib-Hadda, Abdi-Ashirta was succeeded by his equally capable son Aziru, who would later capture, exile and likely kill Rib-Hadda.	Abdi-Ashirta	Aziru
child	Klara Hitler (née Pölzl; 12 August 1860 -- 21 December 1907) was the mother of German politician and leader of the Nazi Party Adolf Hitler.	Klara Hitler	Adolf Hitler
child	The Packer-Murdoch War, Frank Packer was played by Australian actor Lachy Hulme, who had previously portrayed Kerry Packer in Howzat!	Frank Packer	Kerry Packer
child	William Randolph had married her before her brother's death, because the brother's will refers to her as ``Mary Randolph''.	William Randolph	Mary Randolph
conflict	Thomas Sherwin (July 11, 1839 -- December 19, 1914) was an American Civil War general and executive.	Thomas Sherwin	American Civil War
conflict	Sylvester Bonnaffon, Jr. (September 14, 1844 -- May 12, 1922) was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for his US Army service in the American Civil War.	Sylvester Bonnaffon, Jr.	American Civil War
conflict	James Rogers McConnell (14 March 1887 -- 19 March 1917) flew as an aviator during World War I in the Lafayette Escadrille and authored Flying for France.	James Rogers McConnell	World War I
conflict	The 10th Indian Infantry Division was formed in World War II in Iraq in early 1941 under Major-General W.A.K. Fraser.	10th Indian Infantry Division	World War II
conflict	Earle Davis Gregory (October 18, 1897--January 6, 1972) was a World War I Medal of Honor recipient for his heroic actions in 1918 during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive in France.	Earle Davis Gregory	World War I
conflict	Edward Clyde Benfold (January 15, 1931 -- September 5, 1952) was a United States Navy hospital corpsman third class who was killed in action while attached to a Marine Corps rifle company during the Korean War.	Edward Clyde Benfold	Korean War
conflict	Alaric B. Chapin (June 18, 1848 -- November 27, 1924) was a Union Army soldier who received the Medal of Honor for gallantry in the American Civil War.	Alaric B. Chapin	American Civil War
conflict	James Buck (1808 -- November 1, 1865) was an American Civil War Medal of Honor recipient and a sailor in the United States Navy.	James Buck	American Civil War
conflict	Olivier Voutier (born May 30, 1796 in Thouars, France - died April 18, 1877 at Hyères, France) was a French naval officer who discovered the statue of the Venus de Milo in 1820, and fought in the Greek War of Independence.	Olivier Voutier	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Oberleutnant Armin Faber was a Luftwaffe pilot in World War II who mistook the Bristol Channel for the English Channel and landed his Focke-Wulf 190 (Fw-190) intact at RAF Pembrey in south Wales.	Armin Faber	World War II
conflict	Simeon Thayer (April 30, 1737 -- October 14, 1800) fought in Rogers' Rangers during the French and Indian War and made a harrowing escape from French-allied Indians.	Simeon Thayer	French and Indian War
conflict	Lieutenant (later Colonel) Robert Opie Lindsay (25 December 1894 - 1 August 1952) was a World War I fighter ace credited with six aerial victories in the closing days of the war.	Robert Opie Lindsay	World War I
conflict	Dong Cunrui (Chinese: 董存瑞; pinyin: Dǒng Cúnruì; 1929 - May 25, 1948) was a Chinese Communist soldier in the People's Liberation Army during the Chinese Civil War who blew himself up in order to destroy a Kuomintang bunker guarding an approach to an important bridge in Longhua County.	Dong Cunrui	Chinese Civil War
conflict	When the Winter War broke out the Finnish Navy moved to occupy the de-militarized Åland Islands and to protect merchant shipping.	Finnish Navy	Winter War
conflict	Henry Gilbert Costin (June 15, 1898--October 8, 1918) was a private in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in World War I near Bois--de--	Henry Gilbert Costin	World War I
conflict	Benjamin Randell Harris was a British infantryman who served in the British army during the Napoleonic Wars.	Benjamin Randell Harris	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Lieutenant Colonel Roy Morell DSO, OBE (24 May 1889 -- 28 June 1961) was an Australian wool broker, grazier and stockbroker who volunteered for war service during World War I and World War II.	Roy Morell	World War I
constellation	HD 11506 c is an extrasolar planet located approximately 169 light years away in the constellation of Cetus, orbiting the 8th magnitude G-type main sequence star HD 11506.	HD 11506 c	Cetus
constellation	NGC 2261 (also known as Hubble's Variable Nebula or Caldwell 46) is a variable nebula located in the constellation Monoceros.	NGC 2261	Monoceros
constellation	Messier 4 or M4 (also designated NGC 6121) is a globular cluster in the constellation of Scorpius.	Messier 4	Scorpius
constellation	OGLE-TR-113 is a dim, distant magnitude 16 binary star in the star fields of the constellation Carina.	OGLE-TR-113	Carina
constellation	Beta Comae Berenices (β Comae Berenices, β Com) is a main sequence dwarf star in the northern constellation of Coma Berenices.	Beta Comae Berenices	Coma Berenices
constellation	HD 146624 (d Scorpii, d Sco) is a star in the constellation Scorpius.	HD 146624	Scorpius
constellation	HD 63454 is a ninth magnitude K-type main sequence star located approximately 117 light-years away in the constellation of Chamaeleon.	HD 63454	Chamaeleon
constellation	Delta Velorum (δ Vel, δ Velorum) is a star system in the southern constellation Vela, near the border with Carina.	Delta Velorum	Vela
constellation	HD 173416 is an intermediate-mass giant star in the constellation Lyra.	HD 173416	Lyra
constellation	In the night sky, the Gliese 570 system lies in the southwestern part of Libra.	Gliese 570	Libra
constellation	HD 125351 or A Boötis (A Boo) is spectroscopic binary in the constellation Boötes.	HD 125351	Boötes
constellation	NGC 246, known as the Skull Nebula, is a planetary nebula in the constellation Cetus.	NGC 246	Cetus
constellation	18 Aquarii (abbreviated 18 Aqr) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	18 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	HD 7924 is a 7th magnitude K-type main sequence star located approximately 55 light years away in the constellation Cassiopeia.	HD 7924	Cassiopeia
constellation	75 Aquarii (abbreviated 75 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius.	75 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	16 Arietis (abbreviated 16 Ari) is a star in the northern constellation of Aries.	16 Arietis	Aries
constellation	HD 175167 b is an extra-solar planet orbiting HD 175167, which is a G type star within the Pavo constellation around 219 light years away from the Earth.	HD 175167 b	Pavo
constellation	61 Virginis (abbreviated 61 Vir) is the Flamsteed designation of a G-type main-sequence star (G7V) slightly less massive than the Sun (which is G2V), located about 27.9 light-years away in the constellation of Virgo.	61 Virginis	Virgo
constellation	G 99-47 (V1201 Orionis) is a nearby degenerate star (white dwarf) of spectral class DAP8 (DAP8.9, or DAP8.7), the single known component of the system, located in the constellation Orion.	G 99-47	Orion
constellation	HAT-P-6 is a star in the constellation Andromeda, located approximately 650 light years or 200 parsecs away from the Earth.	HAT-P-6	Andromeda
constellation	NGC 6578 is a planetary nebula located in Sagittarius.	NGC 6578	Sagittarius
constellation	HD 106252 is a yellow dwarf star in the constellation Virgo located at a distance of 122 ly or 37 pc away from Earth.	HD 106252	Virgo
constellation	NGC 5548 is approximately 245 million light years away and appears in the constellation Boötes.	NGC 5548	Boötes
constellation	HR 4796 is a binary star system in the southern constellation of Centaurus.	HR 4796	Centaurus
constellation	32 Aquarii (abbreviated 32 Aqr) is a spectroscopic binary star in the constellation of Aquarius.	32 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	NGC 4319 is a face-on barred spiral galaxy located about 77 million light years away in the constellation Draco.	NGC 4319	Draco
constellation	13 Scorpii is a blue-white main sequence star in the constellation of Scorpius.	13 Scorpii	Scorpius
constellation	Gliese 179 is a 12th magnitude M-type main sequence star located approximately 40 light years away in the constellation Orion.	Gliese 179	Orion
constellation	A Centauri (A Cen) is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	A Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	HD 28185 is a yellow dwarf star similar to our Sun located about 138 light-years away from Earth in the constellation Eridanus.	HD 28185	Eridanus
constellation	Xi Geminorum (ξ Gem) is a star in the zodiac constellation Gemini with the traditional name Alzirr.	Xi Geminorum	Gemini
constellation	Ursa Major B or 3C 244.1 is a radio galaxy located in the constellation Ursa Major.	3C 244.1	Ursa Major
constellation	Epsilon Ceti (ε Ceti) is a star located in the constellation Cetus.	Epsilon Ceti	Cetus
constellation	HD 12661 is a G-type main sequence star in the northern constellation of Aries.	HD 12661	Aries
constellation	Sigma Lupi (σ Lup) is a star in the constellation Lupus.	Sigma Lupi	Lupus
constellation	Gamma Leporis lies in the south central part of the constellation Lepus, southeast of Beta Leporis and southwest of Delta Leporis.	Gamma Leporis	Lepus
constellation	3C 66A is a blazar located in the constellation Andromeda.	3C 66A	Andromeda
constellation	Open Cluster M36 (also known as Messier Object 36, Messier 36, M36, or NGC 1960) is an open cluster in the Auriga constellation.	Messier 36	Auriga
continent	Hercules Dome (86°S 105°W) is a large ice dome between the Thiel Mountains and the Horlick Mountains in Antarctica.	Hercules Dome	Antarctica
continent	Mount Tchaikovsky (71°23′S 73°15′W) is a snow-covered mountain, rising to about 600 m, with scarps on the south and east sides, located in the north part of Derocher Peninsula, situated in the southwest portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Mount Tchaikovsky	Antarctica
continent	Lawrence Nunatak (84°50′S 67°2′W) is a nunatak, 1,540 metres (5,050 ft) high, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) west of Snake Ridge along the ice escarpment that trends southwest from the ridge, in the Patuxent Range of the Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Lawrence Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Freshfield Nunatak (80°28′S 24°53′W) is an isolated nunatak rising to about 1,450 metres (4,760 ft) to the southeast of the Herbert Mountains in the Shackleton Range, Antarctica.	Freshfield Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Cape Lindsey is a cape which forms the western extremity of Elephant Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Cape Lindsey	Antarctica
continent	Stubel Hill (Bulgarian: Стубелски хълм, ``Stubelski Halm'' \'stu-bel-ski 'h&lm\) is the ice-covered hill rising to 485 m and forming the north extremity of Marescot Ridge on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Stubel Hill	Antarctica
continent	Gaul Cove (67°49′S 67°11′W) is a cove indenting the northeast side of Horseshoe Island, off the coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Gaul Cove	Antarctica
continent	Edward Ridge (67°15′S 55°34′E) is a gently rising, snow-covered ridge standing 13 nautical miles (24 km) northwest of Rayner Peak in Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Edward Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Polar Subglacial Basin (85°0′S 110°0′E) is a subglacial basin situated generally between Gamburtsev Subglacial Mountains and the Dominion Range in East Antarctica.	Polar Subglacial Basin	Antarctica
continent	The Kjølrabbane Hills (72°16′S 3°22′W) are a small group of hills between Lyftingen Peak and the Styrbordsknattane Peaks, near the southwest end of Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kjølrabbane Hills	Antarctica
continent	Gerry Glacier (77°24′S 152°5′W) is a glacier on Edward VII Peninsula, Antarctica, flowing north between Reeves Peninsula and the Howard Heights to the head of Sulzberger Bay.	Gerry Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Dick Glacier (84°53′S 175°50′W) is a tributary glacier, 7 nautical miles (13 km) long, flowing west from Mount Campbell to enter Shackleton Glacier just north of Taylor Nunatak, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Dick Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Winter Quarters Bay is a small cove of McMurdo Sound, Antarctica, located 2,200 miles (3,500 km) due south of New Zealand at 77°50'S.	Winter Quarters Bay	Antarctica
continent	Frustration Ridge is a ridge forming the northern end of the Cobham Range in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.	Frustration Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Bangladesh (/bɑːŋlɑːdɛʃ/; i/ˌbæŋɡləˈdæʃ/; বাংলাদেশ, pronounced: (ˈbaŋlad̪eʃ), lit. ``The land of Bengal''), officially the People's Republic of Bangladesh (গণপ্রজাতন্ত্রী বাংলাদেশ Gônôprôjatôntri Bangladesh), is a country in South Asia.	Bangladesh	Asia
continent	Siniger Nunatak (Bulgarian: нунатак Синигер, ``Nunatak Siniger'' \'nu-na-tak si-'ni-ger\) is the rocky hill rising to over 500 m in the upper course of Russell East Glacier on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Siniger Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Canine Hills (71°37′S 163°50′E) are a line of mostly snow-covered hills and ridges trending northwest--southeast for 11 nautical miles (20 km) and forming the eastern half of Molar Massif in the Bowers Mountains, a major mountain range situated in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Canine Hills	Antarctica
continent	Albanus Glacier (85°52′S 151°0′W), also known as Phillips Glacier, is a 25-mile (40 km) long glacier flowing west along the south side of Tapley Mountains to enter Scott Glacier just north of Mount Zanuck, in the Queen Maud Mountains in Antarctica.	Albanus Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Fishtail Point (78°57′S 162°36′E) is the southernmost point of Shults Peninsula, at the east side of the mouth of Skelton Glacier in Antarctica.	Fishtail Point	Antarctica
continent	Aster Glacier (78°35′S 85°0′W) is an Antarctic glacier descending the east slope of Craddock Massif and flowing between Elfring Peak and Willis Ridge into Thomas Glacier in the Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Aster Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Faith (69°37′S 64°29′W) is a massive mountain 9 nautical miles (17 km) north of Mount Hope, rising to 2,650 metres (8,700 ft) from the northern end of the Eternity Range in northern Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Mount Faith	Antarctica
continent	The Grunehogna Peaks (72°3′S 2°47′W) are a group of peaks 2 nautical miles (4 km) north of the Liljequist Heights, in the south part of Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Grunehogna Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Chavdar Peninsula (Poluostrov Chavdar \po-lu-'os-trov chav-'dar\) is a 10-km wide peninsula projecting 13 km in northwest direction from Graham Land on the Antarctic Peninsula in Antarctica.	Chavdar Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	The Lachal Bluffs (67°30′S 61°9′E) are a group of rocky headlands located just south of Ufs Island and east of Howard Bay, and about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) west of Allison Bay, on the Mawson Coast of Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica.	Lachal Bluffs	Antarctica
continent	Steventon Island (77°15′S 148°15′W) is a broad ice-covered island about 39 km (24 mi) long off of Antarctica, lying west of Court Ridge in the Sulzberger Ice Shelf.	Steventon Island	Antarctica
continent	Mount Freya is a prominent peak east of Mount Thor in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Freya	Antarctica
continent	Kaminuma Bluff (77°36′S 168°57′E) is a bold ice-covered bluff that rises to over 200 metres (660 ft) near the shore in southeastern Ross Island, off the coast of Antarctica.	Kaminuma Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Mount Langway (75°29′S 139°47′W) is a coastal mountain, 760 metres (2,500 ft) high, located 2.5 nautical miles (5 km) southwest of Mount LeMasurier in the Ickes Mountains of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount Langway	Antarctica
continent	Kreitzer Glacier (70°22′S 72°36′E) is a glacier flowing northwest between Jennings Promontory and the Reinbolt Hills into the eastern part of the Amery Ice Shelf, Antarctica.	Kreitzer Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Berry Bastion (80°13′S 157°11′E) is a large, mostly ice-covered mountain in Antarctica with abrupt north facing rock cliffs.	Berry Bastion	Antarctica
continent	Jackson Tooth (80°25′S 23°16′W) is a nunatak rising to 1,215 metres (3,990 ft) at the western end of Pioneers Escarpment, in the Shackleton Range, Antarctica.	Jackson Tooth	Antarctica
continent	Ivanoff Head (66°53′S 109°7′E) is a small rocky headland, or probable island, which lies along the coast and is partly overlain by continental ice, situated 4 miles (6.4 km) west of the Hatch Islands at the head of Vincennes Bay, Antarctica.	Ivanoff Head	Antarctica
continent	Landmark Peak (79°10′S 85°40′W) is a very prominent peak, 1,840 metres (6,040 ft) high, standing 5 nautical miles (9 km) south of Minnesota Glacier on the east side of Gowan Glacier, in the Heritage Range, Antarctica.	Landmark Peak	Antarctica
continent	The 2012 Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit was held on Russky Island and about $US6 billion was set aside for the development of the island and Vladivostok in preparation for the summit.	Russky Island	Asia
continent	Table Mountain (Khoikhoi: Hoerikwaggo, Afrikaans: Tafelberg) is a flat-topped mountain forming a prominent landmark overlooking the city of Cape Town in South Africa, and is featured in the Flag of Cape Town and other local government insignia.	Table Mountain	Africa
continent	The Apocalypse Peaks (77°23′S 160°51′E) are a group of peaks with a highest point of 2,360 metres (7,740 ft), standing east of Willett Range and between Barwick Valley and Balham Valley, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Apocalypse Peaks	Antarctica
continent	The Moore Mountains (83°21′S 160°45′E) are a small but conspicuous group of mountains just north of New Year Pass in the Queen Elizabeth Range in Antarctica.	Moore Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Kizer Island is an ice-covered island about 30 kilometres (15 nmi) long, lying 20 kilometres (10 nmi) southwest of Cronenwett Island at the west end of the Sulzberger Ice Shelf, Antarctica.	Kizer Island	Antarctica
continent	Mount McCauley (73°12′S 63°15′E) is a prominent mountain between Mount Scherger and Mount Dummett on the north side of Fisher Glacier, in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount McCauley	Antarctica
continent	Somovit Point (Bulgarian: нос Сомовит, ``Nos Somovit'' \'nos 'so-mo-vit\) is a point on the east coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica projecting 500 m into Bransfield Strait between Kruni Cove and Tsepina Cove.	Somovit Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Guéguen (65°4′S 64°0′W) is a sharp rocky peak, 365 metres (1,200 ft) high, standing 0.25 nautical miles (0.5 km) northwest of Louise Peak in the northern part of Booth Island, in the Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Mount Guéguen	Antarctica
continent	Tuorda Peak (65°59′S 65°10′W) is a peak, 870 m, rising eastward of Ferin Head on Velingrad Peninsula, the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Tuorda Peak	Antarctica
continent	Manahan Peak (77°29′S 168°26′E) is a prominent peak 1 nautical mile (2 km) east of Giggenbach Ridge in northeastern Ross Island, Antarctica.	Manahan Peak	Antarctica
continent	Hannah Point is a point on the south coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Hannah Point	Antarctica
continent	Wednesday Island is an island 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) long, at the east end of Wauwermans Islands in the north part of Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Wednesday Island	Antarctica
country	Šentvid pri Planini (pronounced (sɛnˈtviːt pɾi plaˈniːni) or (sənˈtviːt pɾi plaˈniːni)) is a village east of Planina pri Sevnici in the Municipality of Šentjur in eastern Slovenia.	Šentvid pri Planini	Slovenia
country	Trams in Szczecin is a 12-line, standard gauge tramway system in Szczecin, Poland that has been in operation since 1879 (when the town was Stettin, Prussia).	Trams in Szczecin	Poland
country	Trønderbladet is a local online and print newspaper published in Melhus, Norway.	Trønderbladet	Norway
country	Wrocław (/ˈvrɒtswəf/; Polish pronunciation: (ˈvrɔt͡swaf), German: Breslau, (bʁɛs̬laʊ); Latin: Vratislavia) is the largest city in western Poland.	Wrocław	Poland
country	Teglholmen (English: The Tiles Islet) is a peninsula in the South Harbour of Copenhagen, Denmark, located between Sluseholmen and Enghave Brygge.	Teglholmen	Denmark
country	Sarnik (ˈsarnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pełczyce, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sarnik	Poland
country	Hoseynabad-e Muqufeh (Persian: حسين ابادموقوفه‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Mūqūfeh; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Deh Chal Rural District, in the Central District of Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Muqufeh	Iran
country	Land der Berge, Land am Strome (German pronunciation: (ˈlant dɐ ˈbɛɐ̯ˌgə ˈlant am ʃtrɔmə); Land of mountains, land by the river (Danube)) is the national anthem of Austria.	Land der Berge, Land am Strome	Austria
country	Acerra (aˈtʃɛrra) is a town and comune of Campania, southern Italy, in the Metropolitan City of Naples, about 15 kilometres (9 miles) northeast of the capital in Naples.	Acerra	Italy
country	The Baix Vinalopó (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈbajʒ vinaloˈpo), locally: (ˈbaʒ vinaloˈpo); Spanish: Bajo Vinalopó) is a comarca in the province of Alicante (Valencian Community, Spain).	Baix Vinalopó	Spain
country	The Castle of Siba (Persian: قلعه سیبه ‎‎), Siba castle is one of the most remarkable examples of fortified structures surrounded by trench in Kukherd District, Hormozgan Province in south Iran.	Castle of Siba	Iran
country	Jalain Tappeh (Persian: جلائين تپه‎, also Romanized as Jalā'īn Tappeh) is a village in Fajr Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Jalain Tappeh	Iran
country	Selmana is a small town and commune in Djelfa Province, Algeria, located in the south-eastern outskirts of Messaâd.	Selmana	Algeria
country	The Schreierstoren (English incorrectly translated as: Weeper's Tower), originally part of the medieval city wall of Amsterdam, the Netherlands, was built in the 15th century.	Schreierstoren	Netherlands
country	Cheshmeh Pahn-e Alishah (Persian: چشمه پهن علیشاه‎‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Pahn-e ʿAlīshāh) is a village in Cheleh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Pahn-e Alishah	Iran
country	La Romana International Airport (IATA: LRM, ICAO: MDLR) is an international airport located on the southeastern coast of the Dominican Republic, adjacent to the tourist town of La Romana and the resort of Casa de Campo.	La Romana International Airport	Dominican Republic
country	Le Lignon is an urban development in the town of Vernier, canton of Geneva, Switzerland.	Le Lignon	Switzerland
country	Pomas is a commune in the Aude department in Languedoc-Roussillon southern France.	Pomas	France
country	Playter Estates is an area in the east end of Toronto, Canada bounded by Jackman Avenue to the east, the Don River Valley to the west, Danforth Avenue in the south, and Fulton Avenue in the north.	Playter Estates	Canada
country	Mekényes is a village in Baranya county, Hungary in a small region of Sásd.	Mekényes	Hungary
country	Nívar is a municipality located in the province of Granada, Spain, situated in the autonomous community of Andalusia.	Nívar	Spain
country	Zeh-e Ruzehi (Persian: زهروزهي‎, also Romanized as Zeh-e Rūzeh’ī and Zehrūzehī) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Zeh-e Ruzehi	Iran
country	Rayen Castle (Persian: ارگ راين‎‎ Arg-e Rāyen) is an adobe castle in 100 Kilometers south of Kerman province, Iran.	Rayen Castle	Iran
country	The Mingan Archipelago National Park Reserve is a national park reserve located in the eastern area of Quebec, Canada, on the north shore of Gulf of St. Lawrence.	Mingan Archipelago National Park Reserve	Canada
country	The Canadian Fraternal Association is a trade association based in Waterloo, Ontario, for fraternal benefit societies in Canada which engages in advocacy on their behalf as well as providing services.	Canadian Fraternal Association	Canada
country	Sidi Hajjaj Oued Hassar is a small town and rural commune in Médiouna Province of the Grand Casablanca region of Morocco.	Sidi Hajjaj Oued Hassar	Morocco
country	Kantubek (Russian: Кантубек) was a town on Vozrozhdeniya Island (Uzbekistan) in the Aral Sea.	Kantubek	Uzbekistan
country	Manic-5 Aerodrome, (TC LID: CMN5), is a registered aerodrome located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) west northwest of the Daniel-Johnson Dam (Manic-5), Quebec, Canada.	Manic-5 Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics (MPA) is a research institute located in Garching, just north of Munich, Bavaria, Germany.	Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics	Germany
country	Ramat Hovav (Hebrew: רָמַת חוֹבָב), new official name Ne'ot Hovav (Hebrew: נְאוֹת חוֹבָב), is an industrial zone in southern Israel and the site of Israel's main hazardous waste disposal facility.	Ramat Hovav	Israel
country	Guijuelo (Spanish pronunciation: (giˈxwelo)) is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain.	Guijuelo	Spain
country	Pelorus Bridge is a tiny locality in Marlborough, New Zealand where the Rai River meets Pelorus River.	Pelorus Bridge	New Zealand
country	Mount Tantalus is a mountain in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located 24 km (15 mi) southeast of Falk Lake and 134 km (83 mi) south of Monmouth Mountain.	Mount Tantalus	Canada
country	Jikawo River is a river of southwestern Ethiopia.	Jikawo River	Ethiopia
country	Consdorf (Luxembourgish: Konsdref) is a commune and town in eastern Luxembourg.	Consdorf	Luxembourg
country	Górka Prudnicka (ˈɡurka prudˈɲit͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Górka Prudnicka	Poland
country	Khemara Keila FC (Khmer: ខេមរាកីឡា, also romanized as Khemara Keyla) is a Cambodian football club based in Phnom Penh, Cambodia.	Khemara Keila FC	Cambodia
country	CastaDiva is a 5 star luxury resort located in Blevio in the province of Como, Italy.	CastaDiva	Italy
country	Amager Hospital is located in Denmark on the island of Amager in Copenhagen.	Amager Hospital	Denmark
country	Smirnykh (Russian: Смирных) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Smirnykhovsky District of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia, located in the central part of the Sakhalin Island.	Smirnykh	Russia
country	The rule by the Sforzas went on until 1707, when the territory of Castell'Arquato became part of the Duchy of Parma and Piacenza under the Farnese and later the House of Bourbon, until its annexion to Italy in 1860.	Castell'Arquato	Italy
country	The Palazzo della Pilotta is a complex of edifices located between Piazzale della Pace and the Lungoparma in the historical centre of Parma, region of Emilia Romagna, Italy.	Palazzo della Pilotta	Italy
country	Horshim (Hebrew: חוֹרְשִׁים, lit. Ploughmen) is a kibbutz in central Israel.	Horshim	Israel
country	The Tre Cime di Lavaredo (Italian for ``three peaks of Lavaredo''), also called the Drei Zinnen (German, literally ``three merlons''), are three distinctive battlement-like peaks, in the Sexten Dolomites of northeastern Italy.	Tre Cime di Lavaredo	Italy
country	Akiéni is a small town in Lekoni-Lekori Department in Haut-Ogooue in north-eastern Gabon.	Akiéni	Gabon
country	The Tramweg Onderneming Gouda-Bodegraven was a 750 mm (2 ft 5 1⁄2 in) gauge steam tram that operated over an 8.8 kilometres (5.5 mi) line between Gouda and Bodegraven in the Netherlands.	Tramweg Onderneming Gouda-Bodegraven	Netherlands
country	Villa Geber, is a property at Laboratoriegatan and Nobelgatan within Diplomatstaden in Stockholm, Sweden.	Villa Geber	Sweden
country	Dietikon is the fifth biggest city of the canton of Zürich in Switzerland, after Zürich, Winterthur, Uster and Dübendorf.	Dietikon	Switzerland
country	Welbsleben is a village and former municipality in the Mansfeld-Südharz district, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Welbsleben	Germany
country	The Kajang Prison or Kajang State Prison is the prison complex in Selangor, Malaysia.	Kajang Prison	Malaysia
country	Tampere Saints is an American football club in the city of Tampere, Finland.	Tampere Saints	Finland
country	Langpih, also spelt Langpi, Lampi, or Lumpi, is a village in northeast India.	Langpih	India
country	A shorthorn bull named Alban, raised by Mr G. H. M. Binning-Home of Argaty and calved in 1868, appears in Coate's Herd Book, Volume 19, the publication of the Shorthorn Society of the United Kingdom.	Argaty	United Kingdom
country	Lower Svir Hydroelectric Station (Russian: Нижнесвирская ГЭС) is a hydroelectric station on the Svir River located in the urban-type settlement of Svirstroy, Leningrad Oblast, in northwestern Russia.	Lower Svir Hydroelectric Station	Russia
country	The Independent Republican and Liberal Pole (French: Pôle républicain indépendant et libéral, PRIL) was a liberal-centrist political party in France.	Independent Republican and Liberal Pole	France
country	Bidher (Urdu: بھدر‎) is a village and union council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil.	Bidher	Pakistan
country	Chay Qeshlaqi (Persian: چاي قشلاقي‎, also Romanized as Chāy Qeshlāqī; also known as Chāy Qeshlāq) is a village in Oryad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Chay Qeshlaqi	Iran
country	Mittakandala is a village in Pamulapadu mandal, Kurnool district, Andhra Pradesh state in India.	Mittakandala	India
country	The Parrotspitze (in Italian, the Punta Parrot) (4,432 m) is a peak in the Pennine Alps of Italy and Switzerland.	Parrotspitze	Italy	Switzerland
country	The Oceanographic Museum (Musée océanographique) is a museum of marine sciences in Monaco-Ville, Monaco.	Oceanographic Museum	Monaco
country	Matosavank (Armenian: Մաթոսավանք) is small church hidden in a forested area of Dilijan National Park 3 km northwest from the town of Dilijan in the Tavush Province of Armenia.	Matosavank	Armenia
country	National Front of Workers and Peasants (Spanish: Frente Nacional de Trabajadores y Campesinos) is a political party in Peru founded in 1962 in Puno by the brothers Néstor, Róger and Luis Cáceres Velásquez.	National Front of Workers and Peasants	Peru
country	Kosihy nad Ipľom (Hungarian: Ipolykeszi) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Kosihy nad Ipľom	Slovakia
country	Ravnik pri Hotedršici (pronounced (ˈɾaːu̯nik pɾi xɔˈteːdəɾʃitsi)) is a small village southeast of Hotedršica in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Ravnik pri Hotedršici	Slovenia
country	The Shahid Dr. Azodi Stadium (شهید عضدی رشت ) is a multipurpose stadium in Rasht, Iran.	Shahid Dr. Azodi Stadium	Iran
country	The Island School is located 1-mile (1.6 km) from Powell Point near the southwestern-most tip of Eleuthera, The Bahamas.	The Island School	The Bahamas
country	The Battle of Tampere of the Finnish Civil War was fought in Finland in 1918 between Red and White forces.	Battle of Tampere	Finland
country	Kukuan Dam (Chinese: 谷關水庫; pinyin: Gǔguān Shuǐkù) is a concrete thin arch dam on the Dajia River in Heping District, Taichung, Taiwan.	Kukuan Dam	Taiwan
country	Høydalsmo is a village in Tokke municipality in Telemark county, Norway.	Høydalsmo	Norway
country	Sohag (Arabic: سوهاج‎, Saidi pronunciation: (suːˈhaːdʒ) Sūhāǧ, Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: (soˈhæːɡ) Sohāg), also known as Sawhāj, Suhag and Suhaj, is a city in Egypt that lies on the west bank of the Nile.	Sohag	Egypt
country	Taxco is located in the north-central part of the state, 36 kilometres (22 miles) from the city of Iguala, 135 km (84 mi) from the state capital of Chilpancingo and 170 km (106 mi) southwest of Mexico City.	Taxco	Mexico
country	The Utsubo Tennis Center is a tennis complex situated in the Utsubo Park, Nishi-ku, Osaka, Japan.	Utsubo Tennis Center	Japan
country	Bhilangna River is a Himalayan river in Uttarakhand, India, which is the major tributary of the Bhagirathi river, the source stream of the Ganges River of India.	Bhilangna River	India
country	Anzov (also, Anzo) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Anzov	Azerbaijan
country	Waganowice (vaɡanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Waganowice	Poland
country	Sławno-Kolonia (ˈswavnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sławno-Kolonia	Poland
country	Nampula Airport is an airport in Nampula, Mozambique (IATA: APL, ICAO: FQNP).	Nampula Airport	Mozambique
country	Garden Tower is a high-rise building in the Innenstadt district of Frankfurt, Germany.	Garden Tower	Germany
country	Petroupoli (Greek: Πετρούπολη ) is a suburb in the northwestern part of Athens Metropolitan Area, in Greece.	Petroupoli	Greece
country	Skjern River (Danish: Skjern Å) is the largest river in Denmark, in terms of volume.	Skjern River	Denmark
country	Barzaq (Persian: برزق‎) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Barzaq	Iran
country	Khar Farih-e Sofla (Persian: خرفريح سفلي‎, also Romanized as Khar Farīḩ-e Soflá; also known as Ḩar Farīḩ-e Soflá) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khar Farih-e Sofla	Iran
country	Okstindbreen is the eighth largest glacier in mainland Norway.	Okstindbreen	Norway
country	Tul Aram (Persian: طول ارام‎, also Romanized as Ţūl Ārām; also known as Lūleh Rām) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Tul Aram	Iran
country	Machevna Bay (Russian: бухта Мачевна) is a bay in Koryak Okrug of Kamchatka Krai, Russia, located approximately 350 kilometers (220 mi) (by air) north of Tilichiki.	Machevna Bay	Russia
country	Clifford Bay is a bay in the northeast of the South Island of New Zealand, in the Marlborough Region.	Clifford Bay	New Zealand
country	Givat Yeshayahu (Hebrew: גִּבְעַת יְשַׁעְיָהוּ, lit. Yeshayahu Hill) is a moshav in central Israel.	Givat Yeshayahu	Israel
country	Tondidarou is a small town and megalithic archaeological site in the Niafunké Cercle, Timbuktu Region, Mali, northwest of Niafunké, about 150 kilometres south-west of Timbuktu.	Tondidarou	Mali
country	Mount Malindang is a complex volcano located in the province of Misamis Occidental in the southern island of Mindanao, Philippines.	Mount Malindang	Philippines
country	The Touloubre is a river in the southeast of France.	Touloubre	France
country	The Grindau is an 11 kilometre long right-hand tributary of the River Leine in Lower Saxony (Germany).	Grindau	Germany
country	Fridafors is a locality situated in Tingsryd Municipality, Kronoberg County, Sweden with 221 inhabitants in 2010.	Fridafors	Sweden
country	The Alaungdaw Kathapa National Park, with an area of 1,605 square kilometers, is the largest national park in Burma (Myanmar).	Alaungdaw Kathapa National Park	Myanmar
country	Nowojowiec (nɔvɔˈjɔvjɛt͡s) (German: Nowojowietz, 1934-45:Neuenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowojowiec	Poland
country	Asolo is a town and comune in the Veneto Region of Northern Italy.	Asolo	Italy
country	Magas (Russian: Мага́с) is the capital town of the Republic of Ingushetia, Russia.	Magas	Russia
country	Amagoro is a town in Busia County, in the former Western Province of Kenya.	Amagoro	Kenya
country	Skrikjofossen is a waterfall in the municipality of Ullensvang in Hordaland county, Norway.	Skrikjofossen	Norway
country	Noorderplantsoen is an urban public park in the city of Groningen in the Netherlands, situated slightly north of the city center.	Noorderplantsoen	Netherlands
country	La Tuque railway station is a staffed Via Rail station located on Rue St-Louis in La Tuque, Quebec, Canada.	La Tuque railway station	Canada
country	The Félou Hydroelectric Plant, is a hydroelectric installation at the Félou Falls on the Sénégal River in Mali.	Félou Hydroelectric Plant	Mali
country	The Kellett Strait (75°45′N 117°30′W) is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the Northwest Territories of Canada.	Kellett Strait	Canada
country	Dambai is a small town and is the capital of Krachi East district, a district in the northern part of the Volta Region of Ghana.	Dambai	Ghana
country	Víznar is a municipality located in the province of Granada, Spain, only a few miles from the city of Granada itself.	Víznar	Spain
country	Bibrka (Ukrainian: Бібрка; Polish: Bóbrka) is a town in western Ukraine, located in Peremyshliany Raion of Lviv Oblast (region) about 29 km southeast of Lviv on H09.	Bibrka	Ukraine
country	The curving and relatively narrow high street has been part of a long distance route for many years, but the number of heavy trucks passing through small towns like Mögglingen rose substantially after 2005 which was the year in which Germany introduced Autobahn tolls for trucks above twelve tonnes gross weight.	Mögglingen	Germany
country	Larreynaga (Spanish pronunciation: (laˈreinaɣa)) is the second largest municipality in the León department of Nicaragua.	Larreynaga	Nicaragua
country	The Vitra Design Museum is an internationally renowned, privately owned museum for design in Weil am Rhein, Germany.	Vitra Design Museum	Germany
country	Zahna is a town and a former municipality in Wittenberg district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany not far from Federal Highway (Bundesstraße) B 2 and about 11 km east of Lutherstadt Wittenberg.	Zahna	Germany
country	Cerro Ramada is a mountain in the Cordillera de la Ramada range of the Andes, in Argentina.	Cerro Ramada	Argentina
country	The Feme murders (German: Fememorde) were a series of politically motivated murders in Weimar-period Germany that were committed in 1919-1923 by the German far right against political opponents deemed traitors.	Feme murders	Germany
country	Sharieh-ye Seyyed Abud (Persian: شريعه سيدعبود‎, also Romanized as Sharīʿeh-ye Seyyed ʿAbūd) is a village in Gharb-e Karun Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sharieh-ye Seyyed Abud	Iran
country	Námestie Slobody (English: Freedom Square), locally referred to as Gottko, is a major city square in the Old Town of Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia.	Námestie Slobody	Slovakia
country	The Lutheran Church in Great Britain (LCiGB) is a small Lutheran denomination in the United Kingdom.	Lutheran Church in Great Britain	United Kingdom
country	The Rooms is a cultural facility in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	The Rooms	Canada
country	The Nastola railway station (Finnish: Nastolan rautatieasema, Swedish language: Nastola järnvägsstation) is located in the municipality of Nastola in the Päijänne Tavastia region, in Finland.	Nastola railway station	Finland
country	Damaan Valley is a valley of Dera Ismail Khan District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Damaan Valley	Pakistan
country	Kapka Tash Lake (Kyrgyz: Капка Таш) is a rock-dammed lake in Toktogul District of Jalal-Abad Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Kapka Tash Lake	Kyrgyzstan
country	Sarrud-e Sofla (Persian: سررودسفلي‎, also Romanized as Sarrūd-e Soflá) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District, in the Central District of Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarrud-e Sofla	Iran
country	Char Bulak or Chahar Bolak is a town and seat of Chahar Bolak District in Balkh Province in northern Afghanistan.	Char Bulak	Afghanistan
country	Machachi is the canton seat of Mejía Canton in the Pichincha province of Ecuador.	Machachi	Ecuador
country	Gouessesso is a village in western Ivory Coast.	Gouessesso	Ivory Coast
country	Allhaming is a municipality in the district Linz-Land in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Allhaming	Austria
country	The International School of Kabul (ISK) was a private co-educational K-12 school in Kabul, Afghanistan.	International School of Kabul	Afghanistan
country	Trelleborg Municipality (Trelleborgs kommun) is the southernmost municipality of Sweden, in Skåne County.	Trelleborg Municipality	Sweden
country	Kamabai is a small town in Bombali District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone, with a population of about 4000 within a 7 km radius (including the villages of Kagbumbo, Bonaia, Manlokoko, Kawere, Masasa, Makombon, Matunko, Mateli, Mabunko, Karim, Mankorokoro, Kamaron and Katanta).	Kamabai	Sierra Leone
country	Volkoderi (Macedonian: Волкодери) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia, northwest of Lake Prespa and near Galičica Mountain.	Volkoderi	Macedonia
country	The Waimate Branch was a branch line railway built in southern Canterbury, New Zealand to link the Main South Line with the town of Waimate, the centre of the surrounding rural area.	Waimate Branch	New Zealand
country	Red Sea University (also known as Jameat Al Bahar Al Ahmar) is located in the city of Port Sudan, in the state of The Red Sea in eastern Sudan.	Red Sea University	Sudan
country	Timmins is a city in northeastern Ontario, Canada on the Mattagami River.	Timmins	Canada
country	Shiramin (Persian: شيرامين‎, also Romanized as Shīrāmīn and Shīr Amīn) is a village in Shiramin Rural District, Howmeh District, Azarshahr County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shiramin	Iran
country	Mamenan-e Sofla (Persian: مامنان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Māmenān-e Soflá) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mamenan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Osaka Pool is a swimming venue in Osaka, Japan.	Osaka Pool	Japan
country	Vientiane Province (also known as rural Vientiane) (Lao ວຽງຈັນ) is a province of Laos, located in the northwest of the country.	Vientiane Province	Laos
country	Pulczynów (pulˈt͡ʂɨnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Pulczynów	Poland
country	Yardley Wood is an area of Birmingham, United Kingdom, covering the eastern-most quadrant of postcode area B14 (as well as Priory Rd and adjacent streets up to the city boundary), and is located within the ward of Billesley to the south of the city.	Yardley Wood	United Kingdom
country	Kuils River (Afrikaans: Kuilsrivier) is a town in the Western Cape province, South Africa 25 km east of Cape Town.	Kuils River	South Africa
country	San Juanico Strait (Filipino: Kipot ng San Juanico) is a narrow strait in the Eastern Visayan region in the Philippines.	San Juanico Strait	Philippines
country	Kąkolówka (kɔnkɔˈlufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błażowa, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kąkolówka	Poland
country	The Cappella Marciana is the modern name for the choir and instrumentalists of St Mark's Basilica, Venice, Italy.	Cappella Marciana	Italy
country	The Lóndrangar are a pair of rock pinnacles in Iceland.	Lóndrangar	Iceland
country	The Clitunno, in Antiquity the Clitumnus, is a river in Umbria, Italy.	Clitunno	Italy
country	Godnje (pronounced (ˈɡoːdnjɛ); Italian: Godignano) is a small settlement next to Dutovlje in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Godnje	Slovenia
country	Ramandolo is a sweet white Italian wine from the village of the same name which is situated in the hills near Nimis in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia wine region of northeast Italy.	Ramandolo	Italy
country	Ley Talar (Persian: لي طالار‎, also Romanized as Ley Ţālār) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ley Talar	Iran
country	Rustai Hajj Hoseyn (Persian: روستاي حاج حسين‎, also Romanized as Rūstāī Ḩājj Ḩoseyn) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Rustai Hajj Hoseyn	Iran
country	Lusakunk (Armenian: Լուսակունք, also Romanized as Lusakunq; formerly, Tuskyulu) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Lusakunk	Armenia
country	Wied-Neuwied was a German statelet of northeastern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, located northeast of the Rhine River flanking the northern side of the town of Neuwied.	Wied-Neuwied	Germany
country	Palencia (Spanish pronunciation: (paˈlenθja)) is a city south of Tierra de Campos, in north-northwest Spain, the capital of the province of Palencia in the autonomous community of Castile and León.	Palencia	Spain
country	Koh-i-Murdaar is a peak located in the Murdaar range of the Sulaiman Mountains System, in the Quetta District, in western Pakistan.	Koh-i-Murdaar	Pakistan
country	Veliki Ločnik (German: Großlotschnik) is a settlement north of Turjak in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Veliki Ločnik	Slovenia
country	Sardab Rud (Persian: سردابرود‎, also Romanized as Sardāb Rūd, Sardab Rūd, and Sard Abrood) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sardab Rud	Iran
country	Taichung Port Station (Chinese: 台中港車站; pinyin: Táizhōnggǎng Chēzhàn), formerly known as Jianan Station, is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) and the Taichung Port Line located in Qingshui District, Taichung, Taiwan.	Taichung Port Station	Taiwan
country	The Murray-Sunset, Hattah and Annuello Important Bird Area comprises 7004 km2 of mallee habitat in the Mallee region of north-western Victoria, Australia.	Murray-Sunset, Hattah and Annuello Important Bird Area	Australia
country	Eureka Stadium, (formerly known as Northern Oval or more accurately Northern Oval #1), is an oval shaped sports stadium located in the Ballarat Showgrounds at Wendouree, an outer suburb of Ballarat in Australia.	Eureka Stadium	Australia
country	The Eurus Wind Farm is a wind farm located in Juchitán de Zaragoza, Oaxaca, Mexico.	Eurus Wind Farm	Mexico
country	Scarborough Junction (also known as Kennedy Park) is a neighbourhood in the Scarborough district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Scarborough Junction	Canada
country	Cedynia (t͡sɛˈdɨɲa) (German: Zehden) is a town in Poland, in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in Gryfino County.	Cedynia	Poland
country	Jaffna Clock Tower (Tamil: யாழ்ப்பாணம் மணிக்கூட்டுக் கோபுரம் Yāḻppāṇam Maṇikkūṭṭuk Kōpuram) is a clock tower in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka.	Jaffna Clock Tower	Sri Lanka
country	Dirt track racing is a type of auto racing performed on clay or dirt surfaced oval tracks in Australia.	Dirt track racing	Australia
country	Minsk-Arena (Belarusian: Мінск-Арэна, Russian: Минск-Арена) is a multi-use indoor arena in Minsk, Belarus.	Minsk-Arena	Belarus
country	Havuts Tar (Armenian: Հավուց Թառ Վանք; also Havuts Tar Vank; translates to the ``All Savior Monastery'') is an 11th to 13th century walled monastery, situated upon a promontory along the Azat River Valley across from the villages of Goght and Garni in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Havuts Tar	Armenia
country	Benghazi Cathedral is a former Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Benghazi, Libya.	Benghazi Cathedral	Libya
country	Ishku-ye Pain (Persian: ايشكوپائين‎, also Romanized as Īshkūh-e Pā’īn; also known as Pā’īn Īshkūh) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ishku-ye Pain	Iran
country	Mostly all major English, Hindi and Urdu dailies including Times of India, Hindustan Times, The Hindu, Dainik Jagran, Amarujala, Hindustan, Rashtree Sahara, Inquilab, Hausla News available in Azamgarh.	Azamgarh	India
country	Straža pri Dolu (pronounced (ˈstɾaːʒa pɾi ˈdoːlu)) is a small settlement in the hills northwest of Frankolovo in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Straža pri Dolu	Slovenia
country	Sukhoverkovo (Russian: Суховерково) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Kalininsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia, located approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) southwest of the city of Tver.	Sukhoverkovo	Russia
country	Ombrone Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy, located approximately 5 km east-northeast of Grosseto, and about 150 km northwest of Rome.	Ombrone Airfield	Italy
country	Lat Leyl (Persian: لات ليل‎, also Romanized as Lāt Leyl) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lat Leyl	Iran
country	Vesterbros Torv is a public square located at the corner of Vesterbrogade and Gasværksvej in the heart of the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Vesterbros Torv	Denmark
country	Bagaces is a town in the canton of Bagaces in the province of Guanacaste in Costa Rica.	Bagaces	Costa Rica
country	Sombrio Beach is a beach on the west coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, southeast of the town of Port Renfrew.	Sombrio Beach	Canada
country	Osservatorio Astronomico di Gnosca is an observatory at Gnosca, Ticino, Switzerland.	Osservatorio Astronomico di Gnosca	Switzerland
country	Nantes Cathedral or the Cathedral of St. Peter and St. Paul, Nantes (French: Cathédrale Saint-Pierre-et-Saint-Paul de Nantes), is a Gothic Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Nantes, Pays de la Loire, France.	Nantes Cathedral	France
country	Papradno (Hungarian: Kosárfalva) is a village and municipality in Považská Bystrica District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Papradno	Slovakia
country	Nonantola Abbey, dedicated to Saint Sylvester, is a former a Benedictine monastery and prelature nullius in the commune of Nonantola, c. 10 km north-east of Modena, in the Emilia Romagna region of Italy.	Nonantola Abbey	Italy
country	Motaniec (mɔˈtaɲet͡s) (German: Spaldingsfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylanka, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Motaniec	Poland
country	First Secretary of State is an honorific title occasionally used within the Government of the United Kingdom.	First Secretary of State	United Kingdom
country	Someshwara Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected Wildlife sanctuary in the Western Ghats of Karnataka state in India.	Someshwara Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	Ślesin (ˈɕlɛɕin) is a town in Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland, with 3,324 inhabitants (2004).	Ślesin	Poland
country	Albusavadi (Persian: البوسوادي‎, also Romanized as Ālbūsavādī) is a village in Jaffal Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Albusavadi	Iran
country	Punclut or Puncak Ciumbuleuit Utara (Ciumbuleuit North Top) is a recreational area in Bandung, Indonesia located 7 kilometers from the city center.	Punclut	Indonesia
country	The Centro Direzionale di Milano is a business district (quartiere) in Milan, Italy, part of the Zone 9 administrative division.	Centro Direzionale di Milano	Italy
country	Claude-Mélançon Ecological Reserve is an ecological reserve of Quebec, Canada.	Claude-Mélançon Ecological Reserve	Canada
country	The Tenaiko Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges in British Columbia, Canada.	Tenaiko Range	Canada
country	Sinabang (Indonesian Sinabung) is a town on the east coast of Simeulue Island, which lies off the western coast of Sumatra in Indonesia.	Sinabang	Indonesia
country	Skrwa Prawa (Right Skrwa; in Polish also Skrwa, Skrwa Północna, or Płosznica) is a river of Poland, a right tributary of the Vistula.	Skrwa Prawa	Poland
country	Athens Railway Station (Greek: Σιδηροδρομικός Σταθμός Αθήνας, Sidirodromikós Stathmós Athinón) is the main railway station of Athens, the capital city of Greece.	Athens Railway Station	Greece
country	Malmö District Court (Swedish: Malmö tingsrätt) is a law court in Malmö, Sweden whose jurisdiction includes the municipalities of Burlöv, Malmö and Vellinge.	Malmö District Court	Sweden
country	Since 1985 Radio Nostalgie was developing a network in France and in 1986 the station was also broadcasting in Paris.	Nostalgie	France
country	The Caren Range is a low and mostly tree-covered mountain range in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Caren Range	Canada
country	Sobiatyno (sɔbjaˈtɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sobiatyno	Poland
country	Bush Davies School of Theatre Arts was a renowned dance and performing arts school in the United Kingdom.	Bush Davies School of Theatre Arts	United Kingdom
country	Çölquşçu (also, Çöl Quşçu, Chël'' Kushchu, Cholkushchi, Cholkushchu, and Nizhniye Kushchi) is a village and municipality in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çölquşçu	Azerbaijan
country	Abut Head is a forested headland on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island.	Abut Head	New Zealand
country	Su-ngai Kolok (Thai: สุไหงโกลก) is a border town on the Malaysia-Thailand Border in Narathiwat Province, Thailand.	Su-ngai Kolok	Thailand
country	Spetsgruppa ``A'', also known as Alpha Group (a popular English name), or Alfa, whose official name is Directorate ``A'' of the FSB Special Purpose Center (TsSN FSB), is an elite, stand-alone sub-unit of Russia's special forces.	Alpha Group	Russia
country	Klarenbeek is a village in the eastern Netherlands with approximately 3500 inhabitants.	Klarenbeek	Netherlands
country	The Karagandy Zoo (Kazakh: Қарағанды хайуантар бағы; Russian: Карагандинский зоопарк) is the state zoo of the city Karaganda in Kazakhstan.	Karagandy Zoo	Kazakhstan
country	Kaileuna is an island in the Trobriand Islands group of Papua New Guinea.	Kaileuna	Papua New Guinea
country	Totoya is a volcanic island in the Moala subgroup of Fiji's Lau archipelago.	Totoya	Fiji
country	Pálháza is a town in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Hungary, 87 km (54 mi) east from county capital Miskolc.	Pálháza	Hungary
country	Deaf CanDo (trade name of the Royal South Australian Deaf Society), is a not for profit community organisation operating in South Australia, it is second oldest charity in South Australia established in 1891 providing services and programs to deaf and hearing impaired people.	Deaf CanDo	Australia
country	The Swedish State Railways (Swedish: Statens Järnvägar) or SJ, originally the Royal Railway Board (Swedish: Kungl. Järnvägsstyrelsen), was the former government agency responsible for operating the state railways in Sweden.	Swedish State Railways	Sweden
country	Islamitisch College Amsterdam (ICA), is an Islamic secondary school in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Islamitisch College Amsterdam	Netherlands
country	Runarsko (pronounced (ˈɾuːnaɾskɔ)) is a small village east of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Runarsko	Slovenia
country	Park miniatúr is a miniature park in Podolie, Slovakia.	Park miniatúr	Slovakia
country	Myungshin University was a university located in Suncheon, Jeollanam-do, South Korea.	Myungshin University	South Korea
country	Kokatahi is a locality on the West Coast of New Zealand.	Kokatahi	New Zealand
country	The UIB also has University Schools Adscritas, private establishments offering university degrees recognized by the University of the Balearic Islands (which are valid throughout Spain).	University of the Balearic Islands	Spain
country	Gudeok Baseball Stadium is a baseball stadium in Seo Daeshin-dong, Seo-gu, Busan, South Korea.	Gudeok Baseball Stadium	South Korea
country	Umzumbe is a seaside resort situated at the mouth of the Mzumbe River (bad kraal) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Umzumbe	South Africa
country	Barika (Arabic: بريكة‎) is a city in Batna Province, in Eastern Algeria.	Barika	Algeria
country	The Shire of Ipswich is a former local government area in the south-east of Queensland, Australia.	Shire of Ipswich	Australia
country	Dobovo (pronounced (ˈdoːbɔʋɔ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Dobovo	Slovenia
country	Targownica (tarɡɔvˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Targownica	Poland
country	Burgstädt (German pronunciation: (ˈbʊɐ̯kʃtɛt)) is a town in the district of Mittelsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Burgstädt	Germany
country	Ling Fell is a small hill in the north west of the Lake District in the United Kingdom.	Ling Fell	United Kingdom
country	Chocope is a town in Northern Peru, capital of the district of Chocope in the region La Libertad.	Chocope	Peru
country	The Estadio Nemesio Díez, (formerly Estadio Luis Dosal) nicknamed La Bombonera, is one of the oldest football stadiums in Mexico.	Estadio Nemesio Díez	Mexico
country	Phetchaburi (Thai: เพชรบุรี (Pronunciation)) is a town (thesaban mueang) in southern Thailand, capital of Phetchaburi Province.	Phetchaburi	Thailand
country	Loctudy (Breton: Loktudi) is a fishing port and seaside resort in Brittany, France, at the mouth of the Pont-l'Abbé river estuary.	Loctudy	France
country	Rąbino (rɔmˈbinɔ) (German : Groß Rambin) is a village in Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rąbino	Poland
country	Bussière-Galant (Occitan: Bussiéra (Galand)) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France.	Bussière-Galant	France
country	Anadan (Arabic: عندان‎) is a city in Syria, 12 kilometers north of Aleppo, located on the international road Aleppo--	Anadan	Syria
country	The Tarlupadu village code is 2190800 in India.	Tarlupadu	India
country	Pinehaven is a suburb of Upper Hutt City in the lower North Island of New Zealand, established in 1927.	Pinehaven	New Zealand
country	Los Puertos de Altagracia is the capital of the Miranda Municipality, which is located in the eastern coast of Lake Maracaibo in Zulia, Venezuela.	Los Puertos de Altagracia	Venezuela
country	Cibao International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional del Cibao) (IATA: STI, ICAO: MDST) also known as Santiago Airport, is located in Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic's second largest city.	Cibao International Airport	Dominican Republic
country	Rodmošci (pronounced (ˈɾoːdmɔʃtsi)) is a dispersed settlement southwest of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia.	Rodmošci	Slovenia
country	Rębisze-Parcele (rɛmˈbiʂɛ parˈt͡sɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rębisze-Parcele	Poland
country	The Miranda Palace is located in the village of Prelo, which belongs to the municipality of Boal, in the Principality of Asturias (Spain).	Miranda Palace	Spain
country	The Canadian Film Institute (CFI) (French: Institut canadien du film (ICF)) Canadian Film Institute involves Canada in the film production, study, appreciation process of film/moving images for cultural and educational purposes.	Canadian Film Institute	Canada
country	Olten is a town in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland and capital of the district of the same name.	Olten	Switzerland
country	Warhead Records was an independent record label based in Sydney, Australia that specialised in releasing albums by Australian heavy metal bands.	Warhead Records	Australia
country	Minalungao National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in the municipality of General Tinio, Nueva Ecija in Central Luzon.	Minalungao National Park	Philippines
country	Cimon della Pala, sometimes called Cimone and The Matterhorn of the Dolomites (il Cervino delle Dolomiti), is the best-known peak of the Pale di San Martino group, in the Dolomites, northern Italy.	Cimon della Pala	Italy
country	Mangorei is a locality on the outskirts of New Plymouth in Taranaki, New Zealand.	Mangorei	New Zealand
country	Ryerson's Island is an island in Ontario, Canada, located in Lake Erie north of Long Point.	Ryerson's Island	Canada
country	Gweru-Thornhill Air Base (IATA: GWE, ICAO: FVTL) is one of the two main air bases of the Air Force of Zimbabwe located near the central city of Gweru, Thornhill Air Base is home to air force fighter squadrons and the Pilot Training School.	Gweru-Thornhill Air Base	Zimbabwe
country	Sangil Station (Chosŏn'gŭl: 상일역) is a railway station in Ch'ŏlsan-gu, Tŏksŏng, South Hamgyŏng, North Korea.	Sangil Station	North Korea
country	Brindisi railway station (Italian: Stazione di Brindisi) is the main station serving the city and comune of Brindisi, in the region of Apulia, southern Italy.	Brindisi railway station	Italy
country	Saint Petersburg State Pediatric Medical University (Санкт-Петербургский государственный педиатрический медицинский университет), formerly known as St. Petersburg State Pediatric Medical Academy (SPbSPMA) is the first in the world and the only medical school in Russia providing higher medical education with a specialization in Pediatrics.	Saint Petersburg State Pediatric Medical University	Russia
country	Śmietanki (ɕmjɛˈtaŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Śmietanki	Poland
country	The Château d'Angers is a castle in the city of Angers in the Loire Valley, in the département of Maine-et-Loire, in France.	Château d'Angers	France
country	The Fort de Valros (also known locally as Tour de Valros) is a ruined small castle or fortress in the commune of Valros in the Hérault département of France.	Fort de Valros	France
country	Zduńska Wola Karsznice is one of the biggest rail junctions in Poland, located in central part of the country, within the borders of the town of Zduńska Wola (Łódź Voivodeship).	Zduńska Wola Karsznice	Poland
country	Cousin Island is a small (27 ha, 67 acre) granitic island of the Seychelles, lying 2 km (1.2 mi) west of Praslin.	Cousin Island	Seychelles
country	Boden Fortress (Swedish: Bodens fästning) is a modern fortress consisting of several major and minor forts and fortifications surrounding the city of Boden, Norrbotten, in northern Sweden.	Boden Fortress	Sweden
country	Telethrio (Greek: Τελέθριο, Latin: Telethrius) is a small mountain range in the northwestern part of the island of Euboea, Greece.	Telethrio	Greece
country	Mount Saint Patrick College is a co-educational Secondary College in Murwillumbah, Australia, operating within the system administered by the Catholic Education Office.	Mount Saint Patrick College	Australia
country	The Glozhene Monastery is an Eastern Orthodox monastery located on the northern slopes of Stara Planina in Bulgaria, near the village of Glozhene and the Cherni Vit river, 12 km from Teteven.	Glozhene Monastery	Bulgaria
country	El Trompillo Airport (IATA: SRZ, ICAO: SLET) is located in the south part of Santa Cruz, Bolivia, about 2 km (1.25 miles) away from the central plaza.	El Trompillo Airport	Bolivia
country	Guruve is a village and centre of Guruve District, Zimbabwe.	Guruve	Zimbabwe
country	The Mosque of Segrate (Italian: Moschea di Segrate), also known as Masjid al-Rahmàn or Mosque of the Merciful, is a mosque in Segrate, Italy, located on the border to the Milano Due suburb.	Mosque of Segrate	Italy
country	Paso Bonilla is a village or populated centre in the Tacuarembó Department of northern-central Uruguay.	Paso Bonilla	Uruguay
country	Kańczuga (kaɲˈt͡ʂuɡa) is a town in Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, Poland, with a population of 3,187 inhabitants (02.06.2009).	Kańczuga	Poland
country	Mayahi (var. Mayaki) is a town located in the Maradi Region of Niger.	Mayahi	Niger
country	Valby Idrætspark is a multi-purpose stadium in the district of Valby, in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Valby Idrætspark	Denmark
country	Gornji Milanovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Гoрњи Милановац, pronounced (ɡôːrɲiː mǐlanoʋats)) is a town and municipality located in central Serbia.	Gornji Milanovac	Serbia
country	Salmanak-e Olya (Persian: سلمانك عليا‎, also Romanized as Salmānak-e ``Olyā) is a village in Falard Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 64, in 14 families.	Salmanak-e Olya	Iran
country	Jasika (Serbian: Јасика) is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia.	Jasika	Serbia
country	The Makybe Diva Stakes is a Victoria Racing Club Group 1 Thoroughbred horse race at Weight for age conditions over 1,600 metres held at Flemington Racecourse in Melbourne, Australia in September.	Makybe Diva Stakes	Australia
country	Høle is a borough and village in the western part of Sandnes municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Høle	Norway
country	The Château d'Essalois is a restored castle in the commune of Chambles in the Loire département of France, overlooking a dammed portion of the Loire River, Lake Grangent.	Château d'Essalois	France
country	Chaqal-e Mostafa (Persian: چقال مصطفي‎, also Romanized as Chaqāl-e Moşţafá) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chaqal-e Mostafa	Iran
country	The Civilian Disobedience Medal (French: Médaille du Réfractaire, Dutch: Werkweigeraarsmedaille) was a war service medal of the Kingdom of Belgium established by royal decree on 12 February 1951 and awarded to Belgian citizens refusing to support the German war effort during the Second World War.	Civilian Disobedience Medal	Belgium
country	Margahovit (Armenian: Մարգահովիտ, formerly Hamzachiman), is a major village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Margahovit	Armenia
country	Bhaliapadar is a small village under Muniguda Block in the Rayagada district, Orissa India.	Bhaliapadar	India
country	Răspopeni is a commune in Şoldăneşti district, Moldova.	Răspopeni	Moldova
country	Yolqulular (also, Yëlkulular) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yolqulular	Azerbaijan
country	Hassell National Park is a national park in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, 367 kilometres (228 mi) southeast of Perth and 57 km (35 mi) north east of Albany.	Hassell National Park	Australia
country	Hacıəlibəy (also, Hacəlibəy and Mirzamamedkyshlakh) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hacıəlibəy	Azerbaijan
country	The Rudăria-Bănia mine is a large open pit mine in the south-western Romania in Caraș-Severin County.	Rudăria-Bănia mine	Romania
country	Ulven concentration camp (Norwegian: Ulven fangeleir; Ulven means ``the wolf'') was a concentration camp in the municipality of Os in Hordaland county, Norway.	Ulven concentration camp	Norway
country	The King Fahd Causeway (Arabic: جسر الملك فهد‎, Jisr al-Malik Fahd) is a series of bridges and causeways connecting Saudi Arabia and Bahrain.	King Fahd Causeway	Saudi Arabia
country	Torre del Caballito is a skyscraper located on the Paseo de la Reforma #10 at the Cuauhtemoc delegation in Mexico City.	Torre del Caballito	Mexico
country	Kaymaklı Monastery (Armenian: Ամենափրկիչ Վանք, Amenaprgič Vank, meaning Monastery of the All-Saviour; Turkish: Kaymaklı Manastırı, Amenapırgiç Manastırı) is a ruined Armenian Apostolic monastery near Trabzon, Turkey.	Kaymaklı Monastery	Turkey
country	Ćoralići (Serbian: Ћоралићи) is a village in the municipality of Cazin, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ćoralići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Vaľkovňa (Hungarian: Nándorvölgy) is a village and municipality in Brezno District, in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.	Vaľkovňa	Slovakia
country	Kärla Parish was a municipality in Saare County, Estonia.	Kärla Parish	Estonia
country	Mastichochoria (Μαστιχοχώρια ``the mastic villages'' in Greek) is a former municipality on the island of Chios, North Aegean, Greece.	Mastichochoria	Greece
country	Žagubica (Serbian Cyrillic: Жагубица, pronounced (ʒǎɡubitsa)) is a village and municipality located in the Braničevo District of Serbia.	Žagubica	Serbia
country	The Chincha Islands (Spanish Islas Chincha) are a group of three small islands 21 kilometres (13 mi) off the southwest coast of Peru, to which they belong, near the town of Pisco.	Chincha Islands	Peru
country	Dunne and Crescenzi, founded in 1999, is a chain of Italian restaurants in Ireland.	Dunne and Crescenzi	Ireland
country	Pilcza Żelichowska (ˈpilt͡ʂa ʐɛliˈxɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Pilcza Żelichowska	Poland
country	Jurowce-Kolonia (juˈrɔft͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jurowce-Kolonia	Poland
country	Erin Mills GO Station is a GO Transit bus station in the community of Erin Mills in western Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Erin Mills GO Station	Canada
country	Ameerpet (Telugu: అమీర్‌పేట) is a busy commercial area located in the north western part of Hyderabad, India.	Ameerpet	India
country	Kirinnya is a location in Kira Municipality, in Wakiso District, Central Uganda.	Kirinnya	Uganda
country	Obozersky (Russian: Обозерский) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Plesetsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, located on the upper Vaymuga River, a tributary of the Yemtsa River in the Northern Dvina basin.	Obozersky	Russia
country	Vishka Matir (Persian: ويشكاماتير‎, also Romanized as Vīshkā Mātīr) is a village in Lakan Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Vishka Matir	Iran
country	The As River is a tributary of the Liebenbergsvlei River in the eastern Free State, South Africa.	As River	South Africa
country	Plages du Prado is the generic name for the beaches in the south neighborhood of Marseille, France.	Plages du Prado	France
country	Medininkai Castle (Lithuanian: Medininkų pilis), a medieval castle in Vilnius district, Lithuania, was built in the late 13th century or the first quarter of the 14th century.	Medininkai Castle	Lithuania
country	El Gebir is a town in North Kurdufan State in central Sudan, 70 kilometres north-west of El Obeid.	El Gebir	Sudan
country	The Romagnola is a breed of cattle from the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy.	Romagnola	Italy
country	The Infant Jesus Cathedral is a historic Roman Catholic church established by Portuguese during 1614, situated at Tangasseri in the city of Quilon (Kollam), India.	Infant Jesus Cathedral	India
country	The Ombla is a short river in Croatia, northeast of Dubrovnik.	Ombla	Croatia
country	Mantet (Catalan: Mentet) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Mantet	France
country	Boneh-ye Hajji (Persian: بنه حاجي‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Ḩājjī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Hajji	Iran
country	Khislavichi (Russian: Хиславичи) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Khislavichsky District of Smolensk Oblast, Russia, located by the right bank of the Sozh River.	Khislavichi	Russia
country	Lewino (lɛˈvinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lewino	Poland
country	The Vienna International School is a non-profit international school, located in Vienna, Austria.	Vienna International School	Austria
country	Barclay Square (Estonian: Barclay plats) is a public square and park in the city of Tartu, Estonia, adjacent to the Ülikooli street.	Barclay Square	Estonia
country	Pastrogor (or Patrogor) is a village in the municipality of Svilengrad, in Haskovo Province, in southern Bulgaria.	Pastrogor	Bulgaria
country	Keçmədin (also, Keçməddin) is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Keçmədin	Azerbaijan
country	Bagravan (Armenian: Բագրավան), formerly known as Bugdashen, is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Bagravan	Armenia
country	Qalayçılar (also, Kalaychylar) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qalayçılar	Azerbaijan
country	Asosa is a town in western Ethiopia and the capital of the Benishangul-Gumuz Region (or kilil) of Ethiopia.	Asosa	Ethiopia
country	Comayagua (Spanish pronunciation: (komaˈʝaɣwa)) is a city in Honduras, some 50 miles (80 km) northwest of Tegucigalpa on the highway to San Pedro Sula at an elevation of 1,949 feet (594 m) above sea level.	Comayagua	Honduras
country	The People of Freedom (Italian: Il Popolo della Libertà, PdL) was a centre-right political party in Italy.	The People of Freedom	Italy
country	The Viaduc des Arts - located in Avenue Daumesnil 1-129, in the 12th arrondissement of Paris, France - is a rehabilitation of the former ``Viaduc de Bastille'' carrying the railways of the Paris-Bastille - Vincennes train line.	Viaduc des Arts	France
country	Lentekhi (Georgian: ლენტეხი) is a small town and Lentekhi District's (Raion) capital in Georgia's western region of Racha-Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti, 323 km northwest to the nation's capital Tbilisi.	Lentekhi	Georgia
country	Bagh-e Algi (Persian: باغ الگي‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Algī) is a village in Doab Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Algi	Iran
country	Klošter (pronounced (ˈkloːʃtəɾ); German: Kloster) is a settlement on the left bank of the Lahinja River in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Klošter	Slovenia
country	Puinawai Natural Reserve (Spanish: Reserva Nacional Natural Puinawai) is the second largest national park in Colombia.	Puinawai Natural Reserve	Colombia
country	Zaube parish (Latvian: Zaubes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Amata Municipality, Latvia.	Zaube parish	Latvia
country	Selo Sveti Marko is a village near Perušić in Lika-Senj County, Croatia.	Selo Sveti Marko	Croatia
country	Majcni (pronounced (ˈmaːi̯tsni)) is a small settlement northeast of Štorje in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Majcni	Slovenia
country	Sacred Heart Canossian School (Chinese: 嘉諾撒聖心學校; abbr: ``SHCS''; not to be confused with Sacred Heart Canossian School Private Section) is a Catholic girls' school established at Caine Road, The Mid-Levels, Hong Kong.	Sacred Heart Canossian School	Hong Kong
country	Mont-Orford National Park is a park in Orford, Quebec, Canada that is maintained and protected by the Sépaq.	Mont-Orford National Park	Canada
country	Seri Menanti Royal Mausoleum is a Negeri Sembilan royal mausoleum located in the royal town of Seri Menanti, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.	Seri Menanti Royal Mausoleum	Malaysia
country	Universidade Lusófona de Humanidades e Tecnologias (Lusophone University of Humanities and Technologies) is the largest Portuguese private university, and the main institution of Grupo Lusófona, which administers other universities and colleges in Portugal, Brazil, Cape Verde, Angola, Guinea-Bissau and Mozambique.	Universidade Lusófona	Portugal
country	Ábær (also known as Abær Kirkja) is a populated place in Iceland.	Ábær	Iceland
country	The Basilica Minore of Our Lady of Charity (Spanish: Basilica Menor de Nuestra Señora de la Caridad), better known as Agoo Basilica, is a Roman Catholic Minor Basilica in Agoo, La Union, the Philippines dedicated to Our Lady of Charity.	Basilica Minore of Our Lady of Charity	Philippines
country	Nizhny Novgorod Planetarium is a planetarium in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia.	Nizhny Novgorod Planetarium	Russia
country	Portin Jan (Persian: پرتينجان‎, also Romanized as Portīn Jān) is a village in Jabal Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Portin Jan	Iran
country	Babinci (pronounced (ˈbaːbintsi)) is a village in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia.	Babinci	Slovenia
country	Podbela (pronounced (pɔdˈbeːla); Italian: Sant'Elena al Natisone, before 1927 Podibela) is a small village on the left bank of the Nadiža River in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Podbela	Slovenia
country	Zaghwan (or Zaghouan; Tunisian Arabic: زغوان‎ Zaġwān) is a town in the northern half of Tunisia.	Zaghouan	Tunisia
country	Lower Baddibu is one of the six districts of the North Bank Division of the Gambia.	Lower Baddibu	Gambia
country	Lubowicz-Byzie (luˈbɔvit͡ʂ ˈbɨʑe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Lubowicz-Byzie	Poland
country	Turzystwo (tuˈʐɨstfɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Turzystwo	Poland
country	Folgowo (fɔlˈɡɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Folgowo	Poland
country	Wild Life Sydney Zoo (formerly Sydney Wildlife World) is a wildlife park in the heart of the city of Sydney, Australia.	Wild Life Sydney	Australia
country	East London Airport (IATA: ELS, ICAO: FAEL) is an airport serving East London, a city in the Eastern Cape province on the southeast coast of South Africa.	East London Airport	South Africa
country	Sablé-sur-Sarthe, commonly referred to as Sablé, is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in west France.	Sablé-sur-Sarthe	France
country	Qomolangma National Nature Preserve (QNNP), also known as Chomolungma Nature Reserve (QNP) protects 3.381 million hectares of the central Himalaya in the Tibet Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.	Qomolangma National Nature Preserve	People's Republic of China
country	Lutomia Dolna (luˈtɔmja ˈdɔlna) (German: Nieder Leutmannsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Lutomia Dolna	Poland
country	Ghanashyampur is a village south of Calcutta in India.	Ghanashyampur	India
country	Mount Telomoyo is a stratovolcano in Central Java, Indonesia.	Mount Telomoyo	Indonesia
country	Mian Rokh Rural District (Persian: دهستان ميان رخ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mian Rokh Rural District	Iran
country	Dowgol Station (Persian: ايستگاه دوگل‎ -- Īstgāh-e Dowgol) is a village and railway station in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Dowgol Station	Iran
country	Mount Steamer marks the intersection between the Main Range National Park and The Steamer Range in Australia.	Mount Steamer	Australia
country	The Monastery of San Adrián de Sasabe (Spanish: Monasterio de San Adrián de Sasabe), is a former monastery or hermitage in Aragon, Spain, established in the 9th century, of which only the small Romanesque church now survives.	Monastery of San Adrián de Sasabe	Spain
country	Azrag (Persian: ازرگ‎, also known as Azrak, Azrak-e Yek, Azraq, and Azraq Hashish) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Azrag	Iran
country	The Old Hill Street Police Station (Chinese: 旧禧街警察局) is a historic building in Singapore, and is located at Hill Street in the Museum Planning Area, within the Central Area, Singapore's central business district.	Old Hill Street Police Station	Singapore
country	The San Francisco Pass is a pass over the Andes mountains which connects Argentina and Chile.	San Francisco Pass	Argentina	Chile
country	Raniganj is the South-Eastern neighbourhood in Asansol, Bardhaman District in the state of West Bengal, India.	Raniganj	India
country	Jacobs University Bremen (previously International University Bremen, IUB) is an international, private residential university in Bremen, Germany.	Jacobs University Bremen	Germany
country	Mjosund Bridge (Norwegian: Mjosundbrua) is a cantilever bridge that crosses the Mjosundet strait between the islands of Rottøya and Ertvågsøya in the municipality of Aure in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Mjosund Bridge	Norway
country	Paatei Modi'in Railway Station (Hebrew: תחנת הרכבת פאתי מודיעין‎, Tahanat HaRakevet Paatei Modi'in (Modi'in outskirts)) is the next-to-last station on the Nahariya-Modi'in Israel Railways line, serving the residents of Modi'in.	Paatei Modi'in Railway Station	Israel
country	Süderoog (Danish: Sønderog, Frisian:Saruug or Saaruuch) is one of the Halligen, a group of islands in the North Frisian Wadden Sea, off the west coast of Schleswig-Holstein in north Germany.	Süderoog	Germany
country	The Ouémé River is a river in the countries of Benin and Nigeria.	Ouémé River	Benin	Nigeria
country	Bhagtal بھگٹال is village of Talagang, Chakwal, Punjab, Pakistan.	Bhagtal	Pakistan
country	Fadami (Persian: فدامي‎, also Romanized as Fadāmī; also known as Āb-e Shūr, Fadāmī Āb-e Shūr, and Padūmi) is a village in Abshur Rural District, Forg District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Fadami	Iran
country	Calgary Transit is the public transit service which is owned and operated by the city of Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Calgary Transit	Canada
country	Contaco is a small settlement, beach and balneario at the coast of Osorno Province, southern Chile.	Contaco	Chile
country	Pagasarri (Basque language name meaning 'thick forest of beech') is one of the two small mountain ranges that encloses the city of Bilbao, Basque Country, Spain and is part of the Basque Mountains.	Pagasarri	Spain
country	Borzechów (bɔˈʐɛxuf) is a village in Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Borzechów	Poland
country	Albpetrol JSC is a petroleum production and marketing company, which also monitors state petroleum agreements, in Albania.	Albpetrol	Albania
country	Kunštát (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkunʃtaːt)) is a town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Kunštát	Czech Republic
country	Marmashen Monastery (Armenian: Մարմաշենի վանք) is a 10th-century Armenian monastic complex consisting of five churches near the village of Marmashen in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Marmashen Monastery	Armenia
country	Wells Passage is a strait and marine waterway in the northeastern Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, on the west side of North Broughton Island.	Wells Passage	Canada
country	Üçoğlan (also, Uchoglan) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Üçoğlan	Azerbaijan
country	Oleshky Sands (Ukrainian: Олешківські піски) is the largest expanse of sand in Ukraine.	Oleshky Sands	Ukraine
country	Dầu Tiếng Base Camp (also known as LZ Dầu Tiếng or Camp Rainier) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) base in the Dầu Tiếng District in Bình Dương Province in southern Vietnam.	Dầu Tiếng Base Camp	Vietnam
country	Laguna del Maule (Spanish pronunciation: (laˈɣuna ðel ˈmaule)) is a lake located in the Andes of Central Chile.	Laguna del Maule	Chile
country	Djurgårdsbrunnsbron (Swedish: ``The Djurgården Well Bridge'') is a bridge in central Stockholm, Sweden, connecting northern and southern Djurgården.	Djurgårdsbrunnsbron	Sweden
country	Ramot HaShavim (Hebrew: רָמוֹת הַשָּׁבִים, lit. Heights of the Returnees) is a Jewish village in central Israel founded by German Jewish immigrants in 1933.	Ramot HaShavim	Israel
country	Hoërskool Bellville (Bellville High School) is a high school in Bellville, South Africa.	Hoërskool Bellville	South Africa
country	Koski Tl (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈkoski)) is a municipality of Finland.	Koski Tl	Finland
country	Morshyn (Ukrainian: Моршин, Polish: Morszyn-Zdrój) is a city in Ukraine's Lviv Oblast (region).	Morshyn	Ukraine
country	Sobiepanka is a short river of Poland, a 1.5-km connection between Lake Lampasz and Lake Kujno.	Sobiepanka	Poland
country	Moruxlu (also, Morukhlu) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Moruxlu	Azerbaijan
country	The 2005 UEFA Women's Under-19 Championship was the holding of the UEFA Women's Under-19 Championship in Hungary from July 20--31, 2005.	2005 UEFA Women's Under-19 Championship	Hungary
country	Bojszowy (bɔi̯ˈʂɔvɨ) (German: Boischow) is a village in Bieruń-Lędziny County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Bojszowy	Poland
country	Nasuiyeh (Persian: نسوئيه‎, also Romanized as Nasū’īyeh) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Nasuiyeh	Iran
country	The Universidade Positivo (abbreviated UP; Positive University) is one of the private universities of the State of Paraná, Brazil.	Universidade Positivo	Brazil
country	Serfaus is a small town located on a plateau 500m above the upper Inn valley in Tyrol, western Austria.	Serfaus	Austria
country	The Bloskülb is a 570-metre-high hill in the central part of the Palatine Forest of Germany.	Bloskülb	Germany
country	Razbor (pronounced (ˈɾaːzbɔɾ)) is a village below Mount Lisca in the Municipality of Sevnica in east-central Slovenia.	Razbor	Slovenia
country	Until January 1, 2007, Blaabjerg was a municipality (Danish, kommune) in Ribe County on the west coast of the Jutland peninsula in southwest Denmark.	Blaabjerg	Denmark
country	Niedersachsenhalle is an exhibition hall located in Hanover, Germany and part of Hannover Congress Centrum.	Niedersachsenhalle	Germany
country	Foxrock (Irish: Carraig an tSionnaigh) is a suburb of Dublin, Ireland.	Foxrock	Ireland
country	The Nyker Brød bakery located on the main street delivers its products to the whole of Denmark.	Nyker	Denmark
country	Kuivasaari (Torra Mjölö in Swedish) is a Finnish island in the Gulf of Finland, near Helsinki.	Kuivasaari	Finland
country	Expo 2017 is an International Exposition scheduled to take place in 2017 in Astana, Kazakhstan.	Expo 2017	Kazakhstan
country	Chak No.42 Gop-e-Rah is small village located in Kasur District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Gop-e-Rah	Pakistan
country	Iroquois Falls is a town in Northern Ontario, Canada, with a population of 4,595 at the 2011 census.	Iroquois Falls	Canada
country	Manikonda is a commercial hub and a residential suburb in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Manikonda	India
country	Khua Mung (Thai: ขัวมุง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Saraphi District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Khua Mung	Thailand
country	Søre Vistvatnet (Southern Sami: Åårjel Væstanjaevrie) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Vevelstad in Nordland county, Norway.	Søre Vistvatnet	Norway
country	The 2017 World Judo Championships will be held in Budapest, Hungary, with date and venue to be determined.	2017 World Judo Championships	Hungary
country	Kamilari is a village on the island of Crete, Greece, with 339 inhabitants.	Kamilari	Greece
country	The Mangorewa River is a river of the Bay of Plenty Region of New Zealand's North Island.	Mangorewa River	New Zealand
country	2CC is a commercial radio station on the AM band in Canberra, Australia.	2CC	Australia
country	Karszanek (karˈʂanɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Karszanek	Poland
country	Serre Chevalier is a major ski resort in southeastern France, in the Hautes-Alpes department of the Alps.	Serre Chevalier	France
country	The Green League (Finnish: Vihreä liitto, Vihr.; Swedish: Gröna Förbundet) is a green and green-liberal political party in Finland.	Green League	Finland
country	Le Monstre (The Monster) is a wooden roller coaster at La Ronde amusement park in Montreal, Canada.	Le Monstre	Canada
country	Lough Cullin (Irish: Loch Cuilinn) is a lake in County Mayo in Ireland.	Lough Cullin	Ireland
country	Punta Chivato Airstrip (IATA: PCV) was a private airstrip in Punta Chivato, Baja California Sur, Mexico.	Punta Chivato Airstrip	Mexico
country	Curry Island is an irregularly shaped, uninhabited island located in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Curry Island	Canada
country	Bura East Airport (IATA: n/a, ICAO: HKBU) is located in the town of Bura, Tana River County, in southeastern Kenya, close to the Indian Ocean coast and to the International border with Somalia.	Bura East Airport	Somalia
country	Nkhata Bay or just Nkhata is the capital of the Nkhata Bay District in Malawi.	Nkhata Bay	Malawi
country	Bílý Kámen (ˈbiːliː ˈkaːmɛn) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Bílý Kámen	Czech Republic
country	Nikokleia (Greek: Νικόκλεια) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 3 km north of Kouklia.	Nikokleia	Cyprus
country	Seanad Éireann (/ˌʃænəd, -ð ˈɛərən/; Senate of Ireland) is the upper house of the Oireachtas (the Irish legislature), which also comprises the President of Ireland and Dáil Éireann (the lower house).	Seanad Éireann	Ireland
country	Augsburg Hospital (Klinikum Augsburg) is one of the largest medical centers in Germany located in Augsburg.	Augsburg Hospital	Germany
country	Tamani Hotel Marina (also known as Number One Dubai Marina) is a 55-story hotel in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Tamani Hotel Marina	United Arab Emirates
country	Lincoln Castle remains one of the most impressive Norman castles in the United Kingdom.	Lincoln Castle	United Kingdom
country	Victoria Institution is a secondary school for boys (and girls for Form 6) and one of the oldest schools in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Victoria Institution	Malaysia
country	The Liberal Catholic Church of Ontario (LCCO) was a non-theosophical Liberal Catholic denomination in Canada, now merged into the Christ Catholic Church International, which formed in 1991.	Liberal Catholic Church of Ontario	Canada
country	The Clean Ocean Foundation is an environmental organisation that is dedicated to the closure of ocean sewerage outfalls in Victoria (Australia).	Clean Ocean Foundation	Australia
country	Mont Faron is a mountain overlooking the city and roadstead of Toulon, France.	Mont Faron	France
country	Crosby Villa is a village in the civil parish of Crosscanonby in Cumbria, United Kingdom.	Crosby Villa	United Kingdom
country	Dolenji Potok (pronounced (dɔˈleːnji ˈpɔːtɔk); German: Unterpotok) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Dolenji Potok	Slovenia
country	The name Meerwala refers to both a mouza and a small village of Jatoi, a rural tehsil in the Muzaffargarh District of Pakistan.	Meerwala	Pakistan
country	Zereshgi (Persian: زرشگي‎, also Romanized as Zereshgī; also known as Zereshkī) is a village in Samen Rural District, Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Zereshgi	Iran
country	Ormylia (Greek: Ορμύλια) is a town and a former municipality in Chalkidiki, Greece.	Ormylia	Greece
country	East Aceh Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Aceh Timur) is a regency in eastern Aceh Special Region (Nanggroe Aceh Darussalam) of Indonesia.	East Aceh Regency	Indonesia
country	Dąbrowa Biskupia (dɔmˈbrɔva bisˈkupja) is a village in Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dąbrowa Biskupia	Poland
country	Apideonas (Greek: Απιδεώνας) is a village in the municipal unit of Larissos, in Achaea, Greece.	Apideonas	Greece
country	Ronciglione is a city and comune in the province of Viterbo, Lazio (central Italy), about 20 kilometres (12 mi) from Viterbo.	Ronciglione	Italy
country	Protivín (Czech pronunciation: (ˈprocɪviːn)) is a small town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Protivín	Czech Republic
country	Tengako is a peninsula at the north end of Fongafale islet of Funafuti, Tuvalu.	Tengako	Tuvalu
country	Røyrvik Church (Norwegian: Røyrvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Røyrvik in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Røyrvik Church	Norway
country	Mramorovo pri Pajkovem (pronounced (mɾaˈmoːɾɔʋɔ pɾi ˈpaːi̯kɔvɛm)) is a small settlement northwest of Ravnik in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Mramorovo pri Pajkovem	Slovenia
country	Mazori Hatti Mullo (Yaghnobi Мазори Ҳатти Мулло) is a mazar in the Yaghnob Valley in Tajikistan.	Mazori Hatti Mullo	Tajikistan
country	Hohes Kreuz is a municipality in the Eichsfeld in Thuringia, Germany.	Hohes Kreuz	Germany
country	The Mirador Norte mine is a large copper mine located in the south of Ecuador in Zamora-Chinchipe Province.	Mirador Norte mine	Ecuador
country	El Tocuyo is a fertile valley and city in west-central Venezuela at 622 m (2,041 ft) elevation.	El Tocuyo	Venezuela
country	Sri Aman Division is one of the eleven administrative divisions in Sarawak, Malaysia, on the island of Borneo.	Sri Aman Division	Malaysia
country	Hajji Hoseyn (Persian: حاجي حسين‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Ḩoseyn) is a village in Dehshir Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Hajji Hoseyn	Iran
country	Sturt Meadows or Sturt Meadows Station is pastoral lease that once operated as a sheep station but now operates as a cattle station in Western Australia.	Sturt Meadows Station	Australia
country	Anbi (Persian: انبي‎, also Romanized as Anbī; also known as Ābnī and Ambi) is a village in Targavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Anbi	Iran
country	Kranj railway station (Slovene: Železniška postaja Kranj) is the railway station in Kranj, the third largest municipality and fourth largest city in Slovenia.	Kranj railway station	Slovenia
country	Pedra da Risca do Meio State Marine Park (``Parque Estadual Marinho da Pedra da Risca do Meio'' in Portuguese) is a marine protected area in the state of Ceará, Brazil.	Pedra da Risca do Meio State Marine Park	Brazil
country	Dubiny (duˈbʲinɨ) (Ukrainian: Дубини, Dubyny) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Dubiny	Poland
country	Schaffen Air Base is a Belgian Air Force Base, located 2.1 km north-northeast of Diest in Flemish Brabant, Belgium.	Schaffen Air Base	Belgium
country	Mauranger is the northernmost district of Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Mauranger	Norway
country	DSV 78 Hannover, founded as DFV Hannover in 1878, is Germany's oldest rugby club.	DSV 78 Hannover	Germany
country	Mulab-e Sofla (Persian: مولابسفلي‎, also Romanized as Mūlāb-e Soflá; also known as Mūlāb-e-Pā’īn) is a village in Murmuri Rural District, Kalat District, Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Mulab-e Sofla	Iran
country	Nasseef House or Nassif House (Arabic: بيت نصيف Bayt Nasseef) is a historical structure in Al-Balad, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.	Nasseef House	Saudi Arabia
country	Sagharchi (Persian: ساغرچي‎, also Romanized as Sāgharchī; also known as Sāqarchī) is a village in Anguran Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Sagharchi	Iran
country	Brumov-Bylnice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbrumov ˈbɪlɲɪtsɛ)) is a town in the Zlín Region, Czech Republic.	Brumov-Bylnice	Czech Republic
country	Akureyri (ˈaːkʰʏrˌeiːrɪ) is a small city in northern Iceland.	Akureyri	Iceland
country	Greater Glasgow had a population of 1,199,629 at the 2001 census making it the largest urban area in Scotland and the fifth largest in the United Kingdom.	Greater Glasgow	United Kingdom
country	Khoda Kandi is a mystical and often forgotten village in the Ardabil Province of Iran.	Khoda Kandi	Iran
country	East Gorham is a local services board for the unincorporated geographic townships of Gorham and Jacques in Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada.	East Gorham	Canada
country	Węglów (ˈvɛŋɡluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąchock, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Węglów	Poland
country	Contado di Molise (County of Molise) was the name of a Neapolitan giustizierato of Italy.	Contado di Molise	Italy
country	The Executive Towers is a complex of 12 towers in Business Bay development in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Executive Towers	United Arab Emirates
country	The Lycée Franco-Libanais Verdun (Arabic: اللیسیه الفرنسیة اللبنانیة - فردان‎), commonly known as the Lycée Verdun, is a French lycée located in the upscale Rue Verdun in Beirut, Lebanon.	Lycée Franco-Libanais Verdun	Lebanon
country	The University of St. Gallen (in German: Universität St. Gallen) is a research university located in St. Gallen, Switzerland.	University of St. Gallen	Switzerland
country	The Towers of Bologna are a group of medieval structures in Bologna, Italy.	Towers of Bologna	Italy
country	Mishmar David (Hebrew: מִשְׁמַר דָּוִד, lit. David's Guard) is a communal settlement in central Israel.	Mishmar David	Israel
country	Politiets Efterretningstjeneste (PET) (Danish:The Intelligence Service of the Police, official name in English: The Danish Security and Intelligence Service, abbreviated DSIS) is the national security intelligence agency of Denmark.	Danish Security and Intelligence Service	Denmark
country	Chul Chapi (Persian: چول چپي‎, also Romanized as Chūl Chapī) is a village in Shahi Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chul Chapi	Iran
country	Takoradi Airport (IATA: TKD, ICAO: DGTK) is an airport in Sekondi-Takoradi, a city and capital of Western Region southern Ghana.	Takoradi Airport	Ghana
country	Świeminko (ɕfjɛˈminkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biesiekierz, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Świeminko	Poland
country	Adygeysk (Russian: Адыге́йск; Adyghe: Адыгэкъалэ, Adəgăqală) is a town in the Republic of Adygea, Russia, located near Krasnodar Reservoir, 100 kilometers (62 mi) northwest of Maykop, the capital of the republic.	Adygeysk	Russia
country	Courrendlin (Franc-Comtois: Coérrendlïn) is a municipality in the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.	Courrendlin	Switzerland
country	Murgusiyeh (Persian: مورگوسيه‎, also Romanized as Mūrgūsīyeh) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Murgusiyeh	Iran
country	As a commune, Hualpén is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde (``alcalde'' in Spanish; alcalde and major, in English) who is directly elected every four years.	Hualpén	Chile
country	Suleja is a city in Niger State, Nigeria, pop. (2006) local government area, 216,578, just north of Abuja, capital of the Suleja Emirate.	Suleja	Nigeria
country	Dansoman is a suburban town in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana, located near Accra.	Dansoman	Ghana
country	Alexandroupoli railway station (Greek: Σιδηροδρομικός σταθμός Αλεξανδρούπολης, Sidirodromikós Stathmós Alexandroúpolis) is the main railway station of Alexandroupoli in Eastern Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Alexandroupoli railway station	Greece
country	The Los Chancas mine is a large copper mine located in the Apurímac Region of southern Peru.	Los Chancas mine	Peru
country	Naurejpur is a village in the district of Jalaun, Uttar Pradesh India.	Naurejpur	India
country	Crémenes (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkɾemenes)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Crémenes	Spain
country	The Marble Throne (Persian: تخت مرمر - Taxt e Marmar‎) is a 250-year-old royal throne in Golestan Palace, Tehran, Iran.	Marble Throne	Iran
country	Białowieżyn (bjawɔˈvjɛʐɨn) (German: Weißturm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Białowieżyn	Poland
country	The Steinheim skull is a fossilized skull of a Homo heidelbergensis found in 1933 near Steinheim an der Murr (20 km north of Stuttgart, Germany).	Steinheim skull	Germany
country	Legarda Street is a short street located in Sampaloc district in Manila, Philippines.	Legarda Street	Philippines
country	Lingojiguda is a residential suburb and village in Ranga Reddy district, India.	Lingojiguda	India
country	The top scholarship in Trinidad & Tobago, known as the 'President's Medal', has been won on several occasions by Presentation College, San Fernando students, most recently by Kerry Shastri Singh in 2011.	Presentation College, San Fernando	Trinidad & Tobago
country	Bārta (in Latvian), also named Bartuva (in Lithuanian) and Bartów (in Polish), is a river in western Lithuania and Latvia.	Bārta	Latvia
country	The Castle of Biar stands on a hillock overlooking the town of Biar, in the comarca of Alt Vinalopó (Valencian Community, Spain).	Castle of Biar	Spain
country	Monti Gemelli (Twin Mountains) is the name given to two similar mountains, Montagna dei Fiori and Montagna dei Campli, in the Abruzzo region of Italy.	Monti Gemelli	Italy
country	Kalenić monastery (Serbian: Манастир Каленић) is an important Serb Orthodox monastery near Rekovac in central Serbia.	Kalenić monastery	Serbia
country	The Japanese Cemetery Park (Kanji: 日本人墓地公園; rōmaji: Nihonjin bochi kōen) is a cemetery and park in Hougang, Singapore.	Japanese Cemetery Park	Singapore
country	Kabikiejmy Dolne (kabiˈkʲɛi̯mɨ ˈdɔlnɛ) (German Unter Kapkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kabikiejmy Dolne	Poland
country	Deneysville is a small town on the banks of the Vaal Dam in the Free State province of South Africa.	Deneysville	South Africa
country	Tân Phú is a district in Đồng Nai Province, in Vietnam.	Tân Phú	Vietnam
country	Kamianna (kaˈmʲanːa) (Ukrainian: Кам'яна, Kamyana) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabowa, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kamianna	Poland
country	Dalmatia (Croatian: Dalmacija, (dǎlmaːt͡sija); see names in other languages) is one of the four historical regions of Croatia, alongside Croatia proper, Slavonia, and Istria.	Dalmatia	Croatia
country	The Grossglockner High Alpine Road (in German Großglockner-Hochalpenstraße) is the highest surfaced mountain pass road in Austria.	Grossglockner High Alpine Road	Austria
country	CMRC (Canadian Motorsport Racing Club) is Canada's largest motocross racing organization and a league for the top riders of the country.	Canadian Motorsport Racing Club	Canada
country	Tonsenhagen is a neighborhood in the borough of Bjerke in northeast Oslo, Norway.	Tonsenhagen	Norway
country	The Canal latéral à l'Oise is a canal in northern France that, along with the River Oise, connects the Canal de Saint-Quentin at Chauny to the Seine at Conflans-Sainte-Honorine.	Canal latéral à l'Oise	France
country	Talsi District (Latvian: Talsu rajons) was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Courland region, in the country's west.	Talsi District	Latvia
country	Lavaur Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Alain de Lavaur) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral, and national monument of France, located in the town of Lavaur, Tarn.	Lavaur Cathedral	France
country	Ura-Guba (Russian: Ура-Губа), also known as Ura (Ура), is a rural locality (a selo) in Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 1 meter (3 ft 3 in) above sea level.	Ura-Guba	Russia
country	Betzdorf railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Betzder, French: Gare de Betzdorf, German: Bahnhof Betzdorf) is a railway station serving Betzdorf, in eastern Luxembourg.	Betzdorf railway station	Luxembourg
country	Srebrny Borek (ˈsrɛbrnɨ ˈbɔrɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Srebrny Borek	Poland
country	Shishel (Russian: Шишель) is a shield volcano located in the northern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Shishel	Russia
country	Le Petit Séminaire de Québec, campus de l'Outaouais is a private French language college in Gatineau, Quebec, Canada.	Le Petit Séminaire de Québec, campus de l'Outaouais	Canada
country	Gęsiniec (ɡɛ̃ˈɕiɲɛt͡s) (Czech: Husinec before 1763; German: Hussinetz 1763--1937; German: Friedrichstein 1937--1945) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gęsiniec	Poland
country	The Insular Mountains are a range of mountains in the Pacific Coast Ranges on the Coast of British Columbia, Canada, comprising the Vancouver Island Ranges and Queen Charlotte Mountains.	Insular Mountains	Canada
country	Ciudad Tunal is a neighbourhood (barrio) of Bogotá, Colombia.	Ciudad Tunal	Colombia
country	The Sinanishko Lake (Bulgarian: Синанишко езеро) is a lake in Pirin, southwestern Bulgaria, situated below the Sinanitsa Peak in the small Sinanitsa cirque at an altitude of 2,181 metres.	Sinanishko Lake	Bulgaria
country	Miharati is a location in Kipipiri Division, Kipipiri Constituency , Nyandarua County, Central Province (Kenya).	Miharati	Kenya
country	Te Arai is a small community on the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand, near the northern end of the Auckland Region.	Te Arai	New Zealand
country	Sekolah Chung Hwa Kiudang or Chung Hwa School Kiudang or 九 汀 中 华 学 校 is the name for a local Chinese school in Brunei Darussalam.	Chung Hwa School Kiudang	Brunei
country	Man Sagar Lake is an artificial lake, situated in Jaipur, the capital of the state of Rajasthan in India.	Man Sagar Lake	India
country	Behuyeh (Persian: بهويه‎, also Romanized as Behūyeh and Behvieh; also known as Būhū) is a village in Deh Chah Rural District, Poshtkuh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Behuyeh	Iran
country	Białki Dolne (ˈbjau̯ki ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ułęż, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Białki Dolne	Poland
country	Cine Rex was a cinema located at De Keyserlei 15 in Antwerp, Belgium.	Cine Rex	Belgium
country	The Slovechna is a river in Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine and Gomel Region, Belarus.	Slovechna	Belarus
country	The Montjuïc Cable Car (Spanish: Teleférico de Montjuïc, Catalan: Telefèric de Montjuïc) is a gondola lift in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Montjuïc Cable Car	Spain
country	Tuas View is an industrial area in the south-westernmost region of Singapore.	Tuas View	Singapore
country	Cala Cala (in hispanicized spelling) or Qala Qala (Aymara qala stone, ``a complex of stones'') is a small town in Bolivia.	Cala Cala	Bolivia
country	Galileotoppen is a mountain on Spitsbergen in Svalbard, Norway.	Galileotoppen	Norway
country	The Burrum River is a river located in the Wide Bay-Burnett region of Queensland, Australia.	Burrum River	Australia
country	Härti is a quarter in the district 6 of Winterthur, in the canton of Zurich in northern Switzerland.	Härti	Switzerland
country	The Hodoş-Bodrog Monastery is one of the oldest monastic institutions in Romania.	Bodrog Monastery	Romania
country	Bogiq (also known as Bogiç-Palvar) is a settlement in the former Qendër municipality, Shkodër County, northern Albania.	Bogiq	Albania
country	Kapit Airport (IATA: KPI, ICAO: WBGP) is an airport serving Kapit, a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.	Kapit Airport	Malaysia
country	The Bassari Country and its Bassari, Fula and Bedik Cultural Landscapes, located in the southeast of Senegal, is a well-preserved multicultural landscape which emerged from the interaction of human activities and the natural environment.	Bassari Country	Senegal
country	Agbozume or Klikor-Agbozume is a village in Ketu Municipal District in the Volta Region of southeastern Ghana.	Agbozume	Ghana
country	Kévé (also Keye) is a town and canton with 12,000 residents in southwest Togo.	Kévé	Togo
country	Brofodoumé is a sub-prefecture in south-eastern Ivory Coast.	Brofodoumé	Ivory Coast
country	Maicao (Wayuunaiki: mai-ka-u) is a city and municipality in the Department of La Guajira, northern Republic of Colombia.	Maicao	Colombia
country	Bagh Kandi (Persian: باغ كندي‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Kandī, Bāgh-i-Kandi, and Bag-Kendi) is a village in Ijrud-e Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Ijrud County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Bagh Kandi	Iran
country	Pura Kencana is a new township in Sri Gading, Batu Pahat, Malaysia.	Pura Kencana	Malaysia
country	Sagay Marine Reserve is a protected area in the Philippines located in Sagay, Negros Occidental.	Sagay Marine Reserve	Philippines
country	In response to international calls Viotti Festivals have been organized elsewhere in the world: 2005, Johannesburg and Pretoria, South Africa, via the ambassador of Italy in Pretoria 2005 and 2006, Miami and Orlando, Florida 2009, The Villages, Florida	Viotti Festival	Italy
country	Bacúch (German: Batzuch, Watzuch) is a village and municipality in the Brezno District, in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Bacúch	Slovakia
country	Chachakumayuq (Quechua chachakuma a medical plant, ``the one with the chachakuma plant, hispanicized spelling Chachacomayoc) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,100 metres (16,732 ft) high.	Chachakumayuq	Peru
country	Mohnyin District (Burmese: မိုးညှင်းခရိုင်) is a district of the Kachin State in northern Burma (Myanmar).	Mohnyin District	Myanmar
country	The Defileul Mureșului Superior Natural Park (Romanian: Parcul Natural Defileul Mureşului Superior) is a protected area (natural park category V IUCN) situated in Romania, in Mureş County,	Defileul Mureșului Superior Natural Park	Romania
country	Sihla is a village and municipality in Brezno District, in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.	Sihla	Slovakia
country	The Quinte Curling Club is a curling club in Belleville, Ontario, Canada.	Quinte Curling Club	Canada
country	The Third constituency for French residents overseas (French: troisième circonscription des Français établis hors de France) is one of eleven constituencies each electing one representative of French citizens overseas to the French National Assembly.	Third constituency for French residents overseas	France
country	Flying Foam Passage is a north-south passage between Angel Island and Dolphin Island in the Dampier Archipelago, near Dampier, Western Australia.	Flying Foam Passage	Australia
country	The Merkezefendi Cemetery (Turkish: Merkezefendi Mezarlığı) is a burial ground situated in Merkezefendi neighborhood of Zeytinburnu district on the European part of Istanbul, Turkey.	Merkezefendi Cemetery	Turkey
country	Pauatahanui Wildlife Reserve is a wetland reserve located in Pauatahanui and on the eastern edge of the Pauatahanui Inlet of the Porirua Harbour in Porirua, New Zealand.	Pauatahanui Wildlife Reserve	New Zealand
country	Veys Morid (Persian: ويسمريد‎, also Romanized as Veys Morīd and Veis Morid; also known as Vāzmīreh, Veys Morī, and Wāzmīri) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Veys Morid	Iran
country	Zorita del Maestrazgo (Valencian: Sorita) is a municipality located in the province of Castellón, Valencian Community, Spain.	Zorita del Maestrazgo	Spain
country	The Glover cottages are two semi-detached cottages in Kent Street, Millers Point, Sydney, Australia.	Glover cottages	Australia
country	Novalak (Persian: نوالك‎, also Romanized as Novālak) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District, Zarabad District, Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Novalak	Iran
country	Qand (Persian: قند‎; also known as Qāsagān, Qāsegān, and Qaşr-e Qand) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District, Sarbuk District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Qand	Iran
country	Lewoleba is a subdistrict and also the capital of the Lembata Regency, East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia.	Lewoleba	Indonesia
country	The Autovía A-60 is a proposed highway in Central Spain between Valladolid and Leon.	Autovía A-60	Spain
country	Palmerston North Central railway station was a station on the North Island Main Trunk in New Zealand and the Palmerston North--	Palmerston North Central railway station	New Zealand
country	Via Cristoforo Colombo (or just la Colombo, as it is often called by the Romans; Italian pronunciation: (kriˈstɔːforo koˈlombo)) is a street in Rome (Italy) that links the historic centre to Ostia.	Via Cristoforo Colombo	Italy
country	Blantyre is Malawi's centre of finance and commerce, and its second largest city, with an estimated 1,068,681 inhabitants as of 2015.	Blantyre	Malawi
country	Zwartewegsend (Dutch: Zwartewegsend) is a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Zwartewegsend	Netherlands
country	A Estrada is a municipality of the Pontevedra province in Galicia in northwestern Spain.	A Estrada	Spain
country	Lengha is a town in the Boussouma Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso.	Lengha	Burkina Faso
country	Shirkoshi (Persian: شيركشي‎, also Romanized as Shīrkoshī) is a village in Nargesan Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shirkoshi	Iran
country	Cathédrale du Sacré-Cœur d'Oran is a cathedral located on the Place de la Kahina, on Boulevard Hammou-boutlelis, in Oran, Algeria.	Cathédrale du Sacré-Cœur d'Oran	Algeria
country	The Canje River, located in northeastern Guyana, is the main tributary of the Berbice River.	Canje River	Guyana
country	Youxi Township (simplified Chinese: 油溪乡; traditional Chinese: 油溪鄉; pinyin: Youxi Xiang) is a rural township in Xinhua County, Loudi City, Hunan Province, People's Republic of China.	Youxi Township	People's Republic of China
country	Inchanga is a village in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, approximately halfway between Durban and Pietermaritzburg.	Inchanga	South Africa
country	The Deutscher Bühnenverein is an organization representing 430 theatres, opera houses, drama, ballet and opera companies and orchestras in Germany.	Deutscher Bühnenverein	Germany
country	Sai Yok National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติไทรโยค) is a national park in Kanchanaburi Province, Thailand.	Sai Yok National Park	Thailand
country	The Glungezer is a mountain in the Tux Alps in Tyrol southeast of Innsbruck in Austria.	Glungezer	Austria
country	Lake Žovnek (Slovene: Žovneško jezero) is a lake near Celje in Slovenia.	Lake Žovnek	Slovenia
country	Reko Diq is a small town in Chagai District, Balochistan, Pakistan, in a desert area, 70 kilometres north-west of Naukundi, close to Pakistan's border with Iran and Afghanistan.	Reko Diq	Pakistan
country	Bongnae-dong is a legal dong, or neighbourhood of the Jung-gu district in Seoul, South Korea and governed by its administrative dongs, Sogong-dong and Hoehyeon-dong.	Bongnae-dong	South Korea
country	Eierland (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɛiərlɑnt)) is a former island in the Netherlands.	Eierland	Netherlands
country	The Gulf of Chiriquí is a part of Panama that encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriquí National Park.	Gulf of Chiriquí	Panama
country	The Favaloro University (Spanish: Universidad Favaloro) is a private university in the city of Buenos Aires in Argentina.	Favaloro University	Argentina
country	Vopnafjörður is a village and municipality in Northeast Iceland, standing on a peninsula in the middle of a mountainous bay by the same name.	Vopnafjörður	Iceland
country	In 1995, the People's Republic of China, Mongolia, Russia and South Korea signed three agreements to create the Tumen River Economic Development Area.	Tumen River	People's Republic of China
country	Aband (Persian: ابند‎, also Romanized as Āband) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District, Sarbuk District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Aband	Iran
country	The Bengbu South Railway Station (Chinese: 蚌埠南站; pinyin: Bèngbù-nán zhàn) is a high-speed railway station in Bengbu, Anhui, People's Republic of China, which is served by the Jinghu High-Speed Railway.	Bengbu South Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Dehdasht (Persian: دهدشت‎; also Romanized as Dehdast; also known as Kuhgiluyeh) is a city in and the capital of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dehdasht	Iran
country	Konbak (Persian: كنبك‎; also known as Gonbak, Gumbak, and Konbag) is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Konbak	Iran
country	Tolombeh-ye Samad Aqa (Persian: تلمبه صمداقا‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Şamad Āqā) is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Samad Aqa	Iran
country	Dobruška Vas (pronounced (dɔˈbɾuːʃka ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Dobruška vas) is a village in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia.	Dobruška Vas	Slovenia
country	Sikasso is a city in the south of Mali and the capital of the Sikasso Cercle and the Sikasso Region.	Sikasso	Mali
country	The 2007 Melbourne Cup, the 147th running of Australia's most prestigious thoroughbred horse race, was run on Tuesday, 6 November 2007, going at 3:00 pm local time (0400 UTC).	2007 Melbourne Cup	Australia
country	Allah Valley Airport (IATA: AAV, ICAO: RPMA) is an airport serving the general area of Allah Valley, located in Surallah, South Cotabato, in the Philippines.	Allah Valley Airport	Philippines
country	Santa Isabel Ixtapan is a community which is part of the municipality of San Salvador Atenco in the State of Mexico, Mexico.	Santa Isabel Ixtapan	Mexico
country	The Ljubljana Opera House (Slovene: Opera, or ljubljanska operna hiša) is an opera house in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Ljubljana Opera House	Slovenia
country	The Picton Argus was an English language newspaper published in Picton, New South Wales, Australia.	The Picton Argus	Australia
country	Murten (German) or Morat (French) is a municipality in the See district of the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Murten	Switzerland
country	Melka Kuntureመልካ ቁንጥሬ is a Paleolithic site in the upper Awash Valley, Ethiopia.	Melka Kunture	Ethiopia
country	Pasławki (paˈswafki) (German: Paßlack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Pasławki	Poland
country	Kordlar-e Tarancheh (Persian: كردلرترانچه‎, also Romanized as Kordlar-e Tūrāncheh; also known as Kordlar) is a village in Vargahan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kordlar-e Tarancheh	Iran
country	Progressive Academy is a private day school in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Progressive Academy	Canada
country	Lancelot Inlet is an inlet in the Sunshine Coast region of the South Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Lancelot Inlet	Canada
country	The Llao Llao Hotel is located in the tourist resort of San Carlos de Bariloche within the province of Río Negro, Argentina.	Llao Llao Hotel	Argentina
country	The Fulde belongs to the Weser river system in Germany.	Fulde	Germany
country	Kinross Wolaroi School is an independent, Uniting church, co-educational, day and boarding school, located in Orange, a provincial city 260 kilometres (160 mi) west of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Kinross Wolaroi School	Australia
country	The Berzasca River or Berzeasca River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.	Berzasca River	Romania
country	Plœuc-sur-Lié (Breton: Ploheg) is a former commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Plœuc-sur-Lié	France
country	The Academy of Arts, Architecture and Design in Prague (AAAD, Czech: Vysoká škola uměleckoprůmyslová v Praze, abbreviated VŠUP, also known as UMPRUM) is a public university located in Prague, Czech Republic.	Academy of Arts, Architecture and Design in Prague	Czech Republic
country	The Lom Pangar Dam is an embankment dam with a center gravity dam section currently under construction on the Lom River about 88 kilometres (55 mi) north of Bertoua in the East Region of Cameroon.	Lom Pangar Dam	Cameroon
country	Kothamangalam was first under the rule of ``Karthakkanmar'' related to Vemopolinadu royalty and laterTravancore Kingdom until India became independent.	Kothamangalam	India
country	Vila do Maio, also known as Porto Inglês, is a city in the southwestern part of the island of Maio in southeastern Cape Verde.	Vila do Maio	Cape Verde
country	Mombasa Air Safari (known as MAS) is a Kenya coast scheduled airline.	Mombasa Air Safari	Kenya
country	Government Royapettah Hospital is a major state-owned hospital situated in Royapettah in Chennai, India.	Government Royapettah Hospital	India
country	Jyväskylän maalaiskunta (Swedish: Jyväskylä landskommun), 'The Rural Municipality of Jyväskylä' is a former municipality of Finland.	Jyväskylän maalaiskunta	Finland
country	Falaisia (Greek: Φαλαισία, before 1918: Μπούρα - Boura) is a village and a former municipality in southwestern Arcadia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Falaisia	Greece
country	The South Coast Line is an intercity rail service operated by NSW TrainLink that services the Illawarra region of New South Wales, Australia.	South Coast Line	Australia
country	The 2008 Sulawesi earthquake struck Sulawesi, Indonesia, on 16 November at 17:02:31 UTC.	2008 Sulawesi earthquake	Indonesia
country	Pianoro is a town and comune in the province of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy, in the hills of the Tusco-Emilian Apennines, 200 metres (660 ft) above sea level.	Pianoro	Italy
country	Pelči Palace (Latvian: Pelču muižas pils; German: Schloss Pelzen) is a palace located in the region of Kurzeme (formerly Courland), in western Latvia.	Pelči Palace	Latvia
country	Lamanon is a commune located in the Bouches-du-Rhône department, part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southern France.	Lamanon	France
country	Bogale (Burmese: ဘိုကလေးမြို့ (bòɡəlé mjo̰n); also spelled Bogalay) is a small city located in the Bogale Township, Ayeyarwady Region, Myanmar (Burma).	Bogale	Myanmar
country	Abrest (in occitan Abrèt) is a French commune in the Allier department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of central France.	Abrest	France
country	Mander Bolaghi (Persian: مندربلاغي‎, also Romanized as Mander Bolāghī; also known as Şafar Bolāghī) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mander Bolaghi	Iran
country	German wine is primarily produced in the west of Germany, along the river Rhine and its tributaries, with the oldest plantations going back to the Roman era.	German wine	Germany
country	The Sydney Football Stadium (SFS), commercially known as the Allianz Stadium since February 2012, is a football stadium located in Moore Park, Sydney, Australia.	Sydney Football Stadium	Australia
country	Hasakothur is a village in the Kammarpally mandal in the Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India.	Hasakothur	India
country	Phaq'u Quta (Aymara phaq'u, paqu, p'aqu light brown, reddish, blond, dark chestnut, quta lake, ``chestnut coloured lake'') is a lake in Bolivia located in the La Paz Department, Pedro Domingo Murillo Province, El Alto Municipality.	Phaq'u Quta	Bolivia
country	Santok (ˈsantɔk) (German: Zantoch) is a village in Gorzów County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Santok	Poland
country	The Sydney/Melbourne Express was an overnight intercapital passenger train service that operated between the Australia's largest two cities, Sydney and Melbourne, between August 1986 and November 1993.	Sydney/Melbourne Express	Australia
country	Cheshmeh Qandab (Persian: چشمه قنداب‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Qandāb; also known as Chashmeh Gandāb and Cheshmeh Gandāb) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District, in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Qandab	Iran
country	Evinochori (Greek: Ευηνοχώρι) is a village and a community in the southern part of Aetolia-Acarnania, Greece.	Evinochori	Greece
country	Chrysoupoli (Greek: Χρυσούπολη) is a town and a former municipality in the Kavala regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Chrysoupoli	Greece
country	Abatos, also Abaton, was a rocky island in the Nile, Egypt near Philae, where the Egyptian priests alone were permitted to enter.	Abatos	Egypt
country	The Rouen Nordic Film Festival (French: Festival du Cinéma Nordique) was a film festival hold in Rouen, France for screening and competition films made in Nordic and Baltic countries, the Netherlands and Belgium.	Rouen Nordic Film Festival	France
country	Trollhättan Falls is a waterfall in the Göta river (Göta älv) in Sweden.	Trollhättan Falls	Sweden
country	Dębokierz (dɛmˈbɔkʲɛʂ) (German Dammbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Dębokierz	Poland
country	The M4 motorway Usk bridge (or St. Julians Bridge) carries the M4 motorway across the River Usk in the city of Newport in the United Kingdom.	M4 motorway Usk bridge	United Kingdom
country	The Hawke Government refers to the federal Executive Government of Australia led by Prime Minister Bob Hawke of the Australian Labor Party from 1983 to 1991.	Hawke Government	Australia
country	Bačko Novo Selo (Serbian Cyrillic: Бачко Ново Село listen ) is a village in Serbia.	Bačko Novo Selo	Serbia
country	Cetariu (Hungarian: Hegyközcsatár) is a commune in Bihor County, northwestern Romania with a population of 2,124 people.	Cetariu	Romania
country	Ouanoukrim (also Ouenkrim) is a mountain in Morocco located south of Marrakesh.	Ouanoukrim	Morocco
country	Budwieć (ˈbudvjɛt͡ɕ), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in northeastern Poland, close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania.	Budwieć	Poland
country	Chelav Rural District (Persian: دهستان چلاو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Emamzadeh abdollah District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chelav Rural District	Iran
country	Girj Gerdeh (Persian: گيرج گرده‎, also Romanized as Grīj Gerdeh; also known as Kach Kardeh, Gīj Gardan, Gīj Gerdeh, and Gīrj Gereh) is a village in Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Girj Gerdeh	Iran
country	If the north part of the town is a desert, the south part, a Danube flooding area known as the ``Melon Kingdom'', from which the ``Dăbuleni'' melons, are famous in all Romania.	Dăbuleni	Romania
country	Poonch Airport (also known as Poonch Airstrip) is an airport located in Poonch, India.	Poonch Airport	India
country	Neuss (German pronunciation: (ˈnɔʏs); spelled Neuß until 1968; Limburgish: Nüss; Latin: Novaesium) is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Neuss	Germany
country	Azhakodi Devi Temple (Malayalam: അഴകൊടി ദേവീക്ഷേത്രം) is a Hindu temple in Thiruthiyadu, Thiruthiyadu, Kozhikode, Kerala, India.	Azhakodi Devi Temple	India
country	Dr. Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV or PKV) is an agricultural university located at Akola, in Maharashtra, India, in the Vidarbha region.	Dr. Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth	India
country	The Lutheran Rahlstedt Cemetery (German: Rahlstedter Friedhof) is a church-operated historic burial ground in Hamburg, Germany.	Rahlstedt Cemetery	Germany
country	Dexter Construction Limited is a construction and environmental services company based in Bedford, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Dexter Construction	Canada
country	Akçakent is a district of Kırşehir Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey.	Akçakent	Turkey
country	Zéro Musique is a record label based in Quebec, Canada, that is mostly devoted to the work of comic François Pérusse.	Zéro Musique	Canada
country	Smiljan (pronounced (smî̞ʎan)) is a village in the mountainous region of Lika in Croatia.	Smiljan	Croatia
country	Alto Paraíso de Goiás (usually referred to as Alto Paraíso) is a municipality in northeastern Goiás state, Brazil.	Alto Paraíso de Goiás	Brazil
country	Glendon College (French: Collège universitaire Glendon) is a federated campus of York University in Toronto, Canada.	Glendon College	Canada
country	Château Palmer, is a winery in the Margaux appellation d'origine contrôlée of the Bordeaux region of France.	Château Palmer	France
country	Brno (English pronunciation: /ˈbɜːrnoʊ/; Czech pronunciation: (ˈbr̩no), also known by other alternative names) is the second largest city in the Czech Republic by population and area, the largest Moravian city, and the historical capital city of the Margraviate of Moravia.	Brno	Czech Republic
country	Shandan County (Chinese: 山丹县) is a county in Gansu Province, the People's Republic of China.	Shandan County	People's Republic of China
country	Glebe Rowing Club is the third oldest rowing club in continuous operation on Sydney Harbour and was established in July 1879 in Blackwattle Bay Sydney, Australia.	Glebe Rowing Club	Australia
country	Deir Jamal (Arabic: دير جمال‎) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located north of Aleppo.	Deir Jamal	Syria
country	Zhongbei (Chinese: 中北; pinyin: Zhōngběi; literally: ``middle north'') is a town in Xiqing District, in the western suburbs of Tianjin, People's Republic of China.	Zhongbei	People's Republic of China
country	Hội Khánh is a village in Vạn Ninh District in Khánh Hòa Province in central Vietnam.	Hội Khánh	Vietnam
country	Andrijaševci is a village and the eponymous municipality in Vukovar-Srijem County in eastern Croatia.	Andrijaševci	Croatia
country	Ponte de Vilela is a medieval bridge in Portugal.	Ponte de Vilela	Portugal
country	Our Lady of the Wind, Saydet El-Rih in Arabic, was built in the Byzantine era in Enfeh, Lebanon.	Our Lady of the Wind	Lebanon
country	Burgruine Edenvest is a ruined castle in the state of Salzburg, Austria.	Burgruine Edenvest	Austria
country	Dagua Airfield, also known as But East, is a former World War II airfield near Dagua, Papua New Guinea.	Dagua Airfield	Papua New Guinea
country	Bashgyugh (Armenian: Բաշգյուղ, also Romanized as Bashgyukh) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Bashgyugh	Armenia
country	Rano Raraku is a volcanic crater formed of consolidated volcanic ash, or tuff, and located on the lower slopes of Terevaka in the Rapa Nui National Park on Easter Island in Chile.	Rano Raraku	Chile
country	Mir Abdollah (Persian: ميرعبداله‎, also Romanized as Mīr ʿAbdollah) is a village in Charam Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mir Abdollah	Iran
country	Sinmunno 1-ga is a dong, neighbourhood of Jongno-gu in Seoul, South Korea.	Sinmunno 1-ga	South Korea
country	Gozón is a municipality in the Autonomous Community of the Principality of Asturias, Spain, the capital of which is the village of Luanco (Lluanco).	Gozón	Spain
country	Bathore is an area just outside Tirana, the capital city of Albania in Eastern Europe.	Bathore	Albania
country	Buckode (Irish: Bocóid) is a village in County Leitrim, Ireland.	Buckode	Ireland
country	Reerslev Church lies in the village of Reerslev, adjacent to Høje-Taastrup near Roskilde in Denmark.	Reerslev Church	Denmark
country	Khaki-ye Sofla (Persian: خاكي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Khākī-ye Soflá; also known as Khākī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khaki-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Klębów (ˈklɛmbuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan-Majorat, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Klębów	Poland
country	The 2004 Belgian Grand Prix (formally the LXI Belgian Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held on 29 August 2004, at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps, near the town of Spa, Belgium.	2004 Belgian Grand Prix	Belgium
country	Arsanjan County (Persian: شهرستان ارسنجان‎) is a county in Fars Province in Iran.	Arsanjan County	Iran
country	The ZEEP (Zero Energy Experimental Pile) reactor was a nuclear reactor built at the Chalk River Laboratories near Chalk River, Ontario, Canada (which superseded the Montreal Laboratory for nuclear research in Canada).	ZEEP	Canada
country	Hasroun (also Hasrun or Hasroon, Arabic: حصرون ) is a village located in the Bsharri District in the North Governorate of Lebanon.	Hasroun	Lebanon
country	Bongmu Leports Park is a recreational (leisure sports) park at PalGong mountain in Daegu, South Korea.	Bongmu Leports Park	South Korea
country	Spiano is a frazione (outlying area) of the commune of Teramo in the Abruzzo Region of Italy.	Spiano	Italy
country	Chacarilla Canton is a canton in the La Paz Department, Bolivia.	Chacarilla Canton	Bolivia
country	The Circuit Trois-Rivières is a street circuit located in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada and has been the home of the annual Grand Prix de Trois-Rivières since 1967.	Circuit Trois-Rivières	Canada
country	Bafq County (Persian: شهرستان بافق‎) is a county in Yazd Province in Iran.	Bafq County	Iran
country	Jonai (Assamese: জোনাই) is a sub-division of Dhemaji District in the state of Assam in India.	Jonai	India
country	Qalaj (Persian: قلج‎) is a village in Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qalaj	Iran
country	Guzara (Gozareh) is a village and the center of Guzara District in Herat Province, Afghanistan on 34.2167°N 62.2167°E at 992 m altitude.	Guzara	Afghanistan
country	Mazraeh-ye Emam Reza (Persian: مزرعه امام رضا‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Emām Reẕā) is a village in Jarqavieh Sofla Rural District, Jarqavieh Sofla District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Emam Reza	Iran
country	Kalasan (Indonesian: Candi Kalasan), also known as Candi Kalibening, is an 8th-century Buddhist temple in Java, Indonesia.	Kalasan	Indonesia
country	Mille-Îles is a provincial electoral district in Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec.	Mille-Îles	Canada
country	Pukekawa volcano is located in the Lower Waikato area of the Waikato District, New Zealand.	Pukekawa	New Zealand
country	Piazza Umberto I (or Piazza Umberto Primo er Bytorvet i Capri; from the 1930s, La Piazzetta, meaning ``little square''; nicknamed, ``the little theater of the world'') is the most famous square of the island of Capri, Italy.	Piazza Umberto I	Italy
country	Cult MTL is an English language arts, culture and news website and monthly print publication, based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Cult MTL	Canada
country	Uncle Tony's Kebabs was an independent specialty fast food retail franchise in Australia that traded from 1983 to 2007 at up to 22 outlets.	Uncle Tony's Kebabs	Australia
country	Pantip Plaza is an indoor IT shopping mall located on New Phetchaburi Road in Ratchathewi district, Bangkok, Thailand.	Pantip Plaza	Thailand
country	Agh Dunlu (Persian: اغدونلو‎, also Romanized as Āgh Dūnlū and Āgh Davanlū) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Agh Dunlu	Iran
country	Novopoltavka (Ukrainian: Новополтавка) - is a village in Ukraine.	Novopoltavka	Ukraine
country	Olocau (Valencian: Olocau de Carraixet; Spanish: Olocau) is a municipality in the comarca of Camp de Túria in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Olocau	Spain
country	Rotspitz (literally redpeak) is a mountain in Liechtenstein, located close to the Swiss border, due east of the Swiss town of Wartau.	Rotspitz	Liechtenstein
country	Blokhus (Danish pronunciation: (ˈblɔɡhuːˀs)) is a small town with a population of 441 (1 January 2014) in the municipality of Jammerbugt in Denmark, on the north-west coast of the Jutland Peninsula.	Blokhus	Denmark
country	Lonau is a small village with a population of about 345 situated at an elevation of about 400m in the Harz Mountains of Northern Germany.	Lonau	Germany
country	The Musée national Eugène Delacroix, also known as the Musée Delacroix, is an art museum dedicated to painter Eugène Delacroix (1798--1863) and located in the 6th arrondissement at 6, rue de Furstenberg, Paris, France.	Musée national Eugène Delacroix	France
country	The Victorious cave near the Dangi Canyon in Aravan, Kyrgyzstan.	Victorious cave	Kyrgyzstan
country	Known as the ``hidden Jewel of the U.S.-Russia Maritime Boundary,'' Bering Island is treeless, desolate and experiences severe weather, including high winds, persistent fog and earthquakes.	Bering Island	Russia
country	Mjellby Art Museum is situated 4 km outside Halmstad, Sweden.	Mjellby Art Museum	Sweden
country	The 2010 Veikkausliiga was the eightieth season of top-tier football in Finland.	2010 Veikkausliiga	Finland
country	The Red Pillar is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 33 km (21 mi) southwest of Courtenay and 17 km (11 mi) south of Mount Albert Edward.	The Red Pillar	Canada
country	Free Voters tend to be most successful in rural areas of Southern Germany, appealing the most to conservative voters who prefer local decisions to party politics.	Free Voters	Germany
country	Bukówno (buˈkuvnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bukówno	Poland
country	The Kasrık mine is a large mine in the south-east of Turkey in Mardin Province 743 km south-east of the capital, Ankara.	Kasrık mine	Turkey
country	Arnafjord Church (Norwegian: Arnafjord kyrkje) is a parish church in Vik Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Arnafjord Church	Norway
country	Fjærlandsfjorden is a fjord in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Fjærlandsfjorden	Norway
country	Pristava pri Leskovcu (pronounced (pɾiˈstaːʋa pɾi lɛˈskoːu̯tsu)) is a settlement south of Leskovec pri Krškem in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Pristava pri Leskovcu	Slovenia
country	The Federal Association of Liberal Students Groups (German: Bundesverband Liberaler Hochschulgruppen; short: LHG) is a student association in the Federal Republic of Germany supporting liberal political issues.	Federal Association of Liberal Students Groups	Germany
country	Szeligi-Leśnica (ʂɛˈliɡi lɛɕˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Szeligi-Leśnica	Poland
country	Södertörn is a roughly triangular island in eastern Södermanland, Sweden, which is bordered by:	Södertörn	Sweden
country	Podromanija (Serbian Cyrillic: Подроманија) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Podromanija	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Louveigné is a village in the municipality of Sprimont, province of Liège, Belgium.	Louveigné	Belgium
country	Freattyda (Greek: Φρεαττύδα) is the name of a residential area in Piraeus, Greece.	Freattyda	Greece
country	Juvincourt Airfield is an abandoned military airfield, which is located near the commune of Juvincourt-et-Damary in the Aisne department of northern France.	Juvincourt Airfield	France
country	Kibumbu is a town in central Muramvya, Burundi, Africa.	Kibumbu	Burundi
country	Castelo de Sesimbra, also known as Castelo dos Mouros, is a castle located in the village of the same name, parish of Castelo, Sesimbra municipality, district of Setúbal, Portugal.	Castelo de Sesimbra	Portugal
country	Marden Airfield was an airfield in Marden, Kent, United Kingdom.	Marden Airfield	United Kingdom
country	Zielona Góra Airport (Polish: Port Lotniczy Zielona Góra-Babimost) (IATA: IEG, ICAO: EPZG) is a regional airport located within the greater Zielona Góra agglomeration (the so-called Lubusian Tri-city) in western Poland.	Zielona Góra Airport	Poland
country	Tameshkol (Persian: تمشكل‎) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District, Nashta District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tameshkol	Iran
country	Deh-e Rahman (Persian: ده رحمان‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Raḩmān; also known as Raḩmān) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Rahman	Iran
country	Demerje is a settlement within the City of Zagreb, Croatia.	Demerje	Croatia
country	Vishaj is a village in the former municipality of Vaqarr in Tirana County, Albania.	Vishaj	Albania
country	Eduardo Castex is a small city, capital of Conhelo, in La Pampa Province, Argentina.	Eduardo Castex	Argentina
country	Hingod (Somali: Xingood) is a town in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	Hingod	Somalia
country	Quévert (Breton: Kever, Gallo: Qevèr) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor (Aodoù-an-Arvor) department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Quévert	France
country	Mokra Gora (Serbian: Мокра Гора, pronounced (mɔ̝̂kraː ɡɔ̝̌ra)), meaning the Wet Mountain in English, is a village in Serbia on the northern slopes of mountain Zlatibor.	Mokra Gora	Serbia
country	Kashot (Persian: کَشات‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Kashot	Tajikistan
country	Kluang Airport (ICAO: WMAP) is an airport in Kluang, a town in the state of Johor in Malaysia.	Kluang Airport	Malaysia
country	Mèze (Phoenician: Mansa, in occitan Mesa) is a commune in the Hérault department in southern France.	Mèze	France
country	Mathraki (Greek: Μαθράκι, older form: Μαθράκιον) is an island and a former community of the Ionian Islands, Greece.	Mathraki	Greece
country	Yzerfontein is a small harbour town with about 1200 inhabitants on the west coast of South Africa about 90 km north of Cape Town.	Yzerfontein	South Africa
country	The Hermannsdenkmal (German for ``Hermann Monument'') is a monument located southwest of Detmold in the district of Lippe, (North Rhine-Westphalia) in Germany.	Hermannsdenkmal	Germany
country	Chhindgarh is a Tehsil headquarters in the District of Sukma of Chhattisgarh, India.	Chhindgarh	India
country	The Sutyagin House was a wooden house in Arkhangelsk, Russia.	Sutyagin House	Russia
country	Pamplona Airport is an airport in Pamplona, Spain (IATA: PNA, ICAO: LEPP).	Pamplona Airport	Spain
country	Jaungulbene parish (Latvian: Jaungulbenes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Gulbene Municipality, Latvia.	Jaungulbene parish	Latvia
country	Chyasal (Nepali: च्यासल, Nepal Bhasa:च्यास:) is an ancient town in the District of Lalitpur in Bagmati Zone in Nepal.	Chyasal	Nepal
country	Fossil Downs Station is a pastoral lease and cattle station located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) North East of Fitzroy Crossing in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.	Fossil Downs Station	Australia
country	Dalseo District (Dalseo-gu) is a district in western Daegu, South Korea.	Dalseo District	South Korea
country	Callao Cave is one of the limestone caves located in the Municipality of Peñablanca, Cagayan province, in the Philippines.	Callao Cave	Philippines
country	Phou Bia (Lao: ພູເບັ້ຍ) is the highest mountain in Laos and is located in the Annamese Cordillera, at the southern limit of the Xiangkhoang Plateau in Xiangkhouang Province.	Phou Bia	Laos
country	The Derrynasaggart Mountains are a mountain range in County Cork, Ireland.	Derrynasaggart Mountains	Ireland
country	Lwangghale or Lwang-Ghalel is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal.	Lwangghale	Nepal
country	James Price Point is a headland in the Kimberley Region of Western Australia.	James Price Point	Australia
country	Knežja Njiva (pronounced (ˈkneːʒja ˈnjiːʋa)) is a small village to the northeast above Markovec in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Knežja Njiva	Slovenia
country	Grosvenor Chambers at number 9 Collins Street, Melbourne was Australia's first custom built complex of artist's studios.	Grosvenor Chambers	Australia
country	Kaldageh (Persian: كلدگه‎; also known as Kaltageh) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kaldageh	Iran
country	Store Lenangstind is a mountain in the municipality of Lyngen in Troms county, Norway.	Store Lenangstind	Norway
country	Jumeira Baccalaureate School (JBS) is a Pre K-12 school in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Jumeira Baccalaureate School	United Arab Emirates
country	Kureh Rudbar (Persian: كوره رودبار‎, also Romanized as Kūreh Rūdbār) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kureh Rudbar	Iran
country	On its northeastern end the 170 metres (560 ft) tall Yanggakdo International Hotel is located, the second tallest building in North Korea.	Yanggakdo	North Korea
country	The Noye is a river in the Picardy region of northern France.	Noye	France
country	Asbgaran (Persian: اسبگران‎, also Romanized as Asbgarān and Asb Gerān) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Asbgaran	Iran
country	The Friedhof Heerstraße cemetery is located at Trakehnerallee 1 (Trakehner avenue No.1), district of Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf in Berlin, Germany, beneath the Olympiastadion.	Friedhof Heerstraße	Germany
country	The Dominion Network was set up as a complementary network to the CBC's main English service which became known as the Trans-Canada Network.	Dominion Network	Canada
country	Rakovník (Czech pronunciation: (ˈrakovɲiːk), German: Rakonitz) is a town in the western part of the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic located between the cities of Prague and Plzeň.	Rakovník	Czech Republic
country	Salvaterra de Magos (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˌsaɫvɐˈtɛʁɐ ðɨ ˈmaɣuʃ)) is a municipality in the district of Santarém in Portugal.	Salvaterra de Magos	Portugal
country	Zgornja Polskava (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnja pɔlˈskaːʋa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Zgornja Polskava	Slovenia
country	Carcaixent (Valencian pronunciation: (kaɾkajˈʃent), Spanish: Carcagente) is a town and municipality in the province of Valencia, eastern Spain, with c. 20,000 inhabitants.	Carcaixent	Spain
country	Pyynikki is a cultural and heritage attraction in Tampere, Finland.	Pyynikki	Finland
country	Brievengat (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈbri.və(ŋ).ˌɣɑt)) is a small town in northeast Curaçao.	Brievengat	Curaçao
country	Pichoy Airfield (Spanish: Aeródromo Pichoy, IATA: ZAL, ICAO: SCVD) is a public use airport located 24 kilometres (15 mi) north-northeast of Valdivia, Los Lagos, Chile.	Pichoy Airfield	Chile
country	The Christmas Creek mine is an iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, 61 kilometres south-south-west of Nullagine, in the Chichester Range.	Christmas Creek mine	Australia
country	Feblasheh (Persian: فبلشه‎) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Feblasheh	Iran
country	General Elizardo Aquino is a town in the San Pedro department of Paraguay.	General Elizardo Aquino	Paraguay
country	Ogea Driki (pronounced (oˈŋea ˈndriki)) is a coral atoll (covering approximately 4 square kilometers) in Fiji's Southern Lau Group.	Ogea Driki	Fiji
country	Dreglin (ˈdrɛɡlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dreglin	Poland
country	Briggs Preparatory School is a private primary school in Trinidad and Tobago.	Briggs Preparatory School	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Karnowo (karˈnɔvɔ) (German: Werthheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nakło nad Notecią, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Karnowo	Poland
country	The Reeshof (also known as Tilburg Reeshof), is a district of the municipality Tilburg in the Netherlands.	Reeshof	Netherlands
country	Akershus County Municipality (Norwegian: Akershus fylkeskommune) is the regional governing administration of Akershus, Norway.	Akershus County Municipality	Norway
country	Kokkola railway station (Finnish: Kokkolan rautatieasema, Swedish: Karleby järnvägsstation) is located in the town of Kokkola, Central Ostrobothnia, Finland.	Kokkola railway station	Finland
country	Innertkirchen is a village and municipality in the Interlaken-Oberhasli administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Innertkirchen	Switzerland
country	Türkəncil (also, Turkyandzhil and Turkyandzhil'') is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Türkəncil	Azerbaijan
country	The Catacombs of Marcellinus and Peter are ancient catacombs situated on the 3rd mile of the ancient Via Labicana, today Via Casilina in Rome, Italy, near the church of Santi Marcellino e Pietro ad Duas Lauros.	Catacombs of Marcellinus and Peter	Italy
country	Douleb (Arabic: الدولاب ‎) is a small town in north-central Tunisia, belongs to Sbeitla in the Kasserine Governorate.	Douleb	Tunisia
country	The Autopista Chamapa-La Venta is a toll road in Greater Mexico City.	Autopista Chamapa-La Venta	Mexico
country	Nowa Wieś Prudnicka (ˈnɔva ˈvʲɛɕ prudˈɲit͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowa Wieś Prudnicka	Poland
country	Poľana is a small mountain range in central Slovakia.	Poľana	Slovakia
country	The Malargüe River (in Spanish: Río Malargüe) is a river located in the southern zone of the Mendoza Province, in the west of Argentina.	Malargüe River	Argentina
country	The Tukituki River is found in the eastern North Island of New Zealand.	Tukituki River	New Zealand
country	The Sir Joseph Banks Group is an archipelago of 21 small islands with a collective land area of 1,275 hectares (3,150 acres) located in Spencer Gulf about 20 kilometres (12 mi) off the eastern coast of the Eyre Peninsula in South Australia.	Sir Joseph Banks Group	Australia
country	San Felice del Molise (also called Štifilić or Filić) is a small town and comune in the province of Campobasso in the Molise region of Italy, near the Trigno river.	San Felice del Molise	Italy
country	Kinkerbuurt is the neighborhood in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Kinkerbuurt	Netherlands
country	Agaps is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Agaps	Azerbaijan
country	As of the 2001 India census, Kanhan (Pipri) had a population of 21,840.	Kanhan (Pipri)	India
country	Mutton Island is an uninhabited island in Galway Bay, Ireland, about 1.25 km (0.8 mi) from the mainland near Baile an Tsaigart.	Mutton Island	Ireland
country	Bithugalgama is a village in Balangoda town of Sabaragamuwa Province, Sri Lanka.	Bithugalgama	Sri Lanka
country	Bhiria road is a city in Naushahro Firoz District in Sindh province of Pakistan.	Bhiria road	Pakistan
country	Kvalsund Church (Norwegian: Kvalsund kirke) is a parish church in Kvalsund Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Kvalsund Church	Norway
country	Vørðufelli is a mountain overlooking the village Sørvágur on the Faroe Islands.	Vørðufelli	Faroe Islands
country	Lumnamping College is a private college located in Tak, Thailand.	Lumnamping College	Thailand
country	Terjola (Georgian: თერჯოლა) is a town in Imereti, Georgia, serving as an administrative center of the homonymous district.	Terjola	Georgia
country	Žitorađa (Serbian Cyrillic: Житорађа, pronounced (ʒîtorad͡ʑa)) is a village and municipality in the Toplica District of Serbia.	Žitorađa	Serbia
country	Pulau Seringat is an island off the south coast of Singapore, and part of the Southern Islands region.	Pulau Seringat	Singapore
country	Sicogon is an island in northern Iloilo, which is part of the municipality of Carles, Iloilo, Philippines.	Sicogon	Philippines
country	Ryazan Oblast (Russian: Ряза́нская о́бласть, tr. Ryazanskaya oblast; IPA: (rʲɪˈzanskəjə ˈobləsʲtʲ)) is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast).	Ryazan Oblast	Russia
country	Mazraeh-ye Aqamiri (Persian: مزرعه اقاميري‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Āqāmīrī) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District, Salafchegan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Aqamiri	Iran
country	Tatamailau (Tetum: Foho Tatamailau), or Tata Mailau, sometimes referred as Mount Ramelau, is the highest mountain in East Timor and also of Timor island at 2,986 m (9,797 ft).	Tatamailau	East Timor
country	Richmond-Wolfe (or Richmond et Wolfe) was a former provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada.	Richmond-Wolfe	Canada
country	Mazraeh-ye Aqa (Persian: مزرعه اقا‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Āqā) is a village in Rabatat Rural District, Kharanaq District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 137, in 41 families.	Mazraeh-ye Aqa	Iran
country	Churu (Rajasthani: चूरु) is a city in the desert region of Rajasthan state of India.	Churu	India
country	Fundación Educacional Santiago College is a private educational (PK-12) institution founded in 1880 and located in Lo Barnechea, Santiago de Chile.	Santiago College	Chile
country	Cham Sorkheh (Persian: چم سرخه‎) is a village in Qalayi Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham Sorkheh	Iran
country	Kalak Bisheh-ye Asad (Persian: كلك بيشه اسد‎, also Romanized as Kalaḵ Bīsheh-ye Āsad) is a village in Malavi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kalak Bisheh-ye Asad	Iran
country	Grindlays was taken over by Australia and New Zealand Banking Group in 1984 and renamed ANZ Grindlays Bank.	Grindlays Bank	Australia
country	The National Institute of Circus Arts (NICA) is the only government-accredited institution that provides professional training in contemporary circus arts in Australia.	National Institute of Circus Arts	Australia
country	Cerkvišče (pronounced (tsɛɾˈkʋiːʃtʃɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Cerkvišče	Slovenia
country	Museu Lasar Segall (in English: Lasar Segall Museum) is an art museum in São Paulo, Brazil.	Museu Lasar Segall	Brazil
country	Melakkam is a location in Manjeri Municipality in Malappuram district of Kerala State of south India.	Melakkam	India
country	The Christchurch Convention Centre was New Zealand's only purpose-built Convention Centre.	Christchurch Convention Centre	New Zealand
country	The Royal Museum for Central Africa or RMCA (Dutch: Koninklijk Museum voor Centraal -Afrika or KMMA; French: Musée royal de l'Afrique centrale or MRAC), colloquially known as the Africa Museum, is an ethnography and natural history museum situated in Tervuren in Flemish Brabant, Belgium, just outside Brussels.	Royal Museum for Central Africa	Belgium
country	FC Torpedo Zaporizhya is a former professional football team based in Zaporizhya, Ukraine.	FC Torpedo Zaporizhya	Ukraine
country	Mmabatho (Setswana for ``Mother of the People'') is the former capital of the North-West Province of South Africa.	Mmabatho	South Africa
country	The Internationalist Communist Organisation (French: Organisation Communiste Internationaliste, OCI) was a Trotskyist political party in France.	Internationalist Communist Organisation	France
country	Mezmazak (also, Mazmazak) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mezmazak	Azerbaijan
country	Nedenes District Court (Norwegian: Nedenes tingrett) was a court of first instance under Agder Court of Appeal in Norway.	Nedenes District Court	Norway
country	Katedralskolan i Åbo (The Cathedral School of Åbo) is the Swedish-language upper secondary school of Turku, located at the Old Great Square (the town, former capital of Finland, is known as Åbo in Swedish).	Katedralskolan i Åbo	Finland
country	Transforming Stories International Christian Film Festival (TSICFF) is an annual Christian film industry film festival held in South Africa.	Transforming Stories International Christian Film Festival	South Africa
country	The Kirchberg convent (also the Monastery Kirchberg) is a monastery located in Sulz am Neckar in Baden-Wuerttemberg, Germany.	Kirchberg convent	Germany
country	Bafoulabé is a town and rural commune in south-western Mali.	Bafoulabé	Mali
country	According to human rights organization B'Tselem, the state of Israel itself has argued that much of Ofra is built on privately owned Palestinian land, making it also unlawful according to Israeli law.	Ofra	Israel
country	Yam Cheshmeh (Persian: يام چشمه‎, also Romanized as Yām Cheshmeh and Yām Chashmeh; also known as Yān Chashmeh) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Olya Rural District, Ziaabad District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Yam Cheshmeh	Iran
country	Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (also known as Winnipeg International Airport or simply Winnipeg Airport) (IATA: YWG, ICAO: CYWG) is an international airport located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport	Canada
country	Karelia (Karelian, Finnish and Estonian: Karjala; Russian: Карелия, Kareliya; Swedish: Karelen), the land of the Karelian peoples, is an area in Northern Europe of historical significance for Finland, Russia, and Sweden.	Karelia	Finland	Russia
country	Eissporthalle an der Jafféstraße was a 6,000-capacity indoor arena located in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf, Berlin, Germany.	Eissporthalle an der Jafféstraße	Germany
country	Mys Shmidta Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Мыс Шмидта) (ICAO: UHMI), also known as Cape Shmidt Airport, is a former military airbase in the Iultinsky District of Chukotka, Russia.	Mys Shmidta Airport	Russia
country	Beara (Irish: Béarra) or the Beara Peninsula is a peninsula on the south-west coast of Ireland, bounded between the Kenmare ``river'' (actually a bay) to the north side and Bantry Bay to the south.	Beara Peninsula	Ireland
country	Lara Sporting Club plays in the AFL Barwon Football League in Victoria, Australia.	Lara Sporting Club	Australia
country	Sackheim Church (German: Sackheimer Kirche) was a Protestant church in the Sackheim quarter of Königsberg, Germany.	Sackheim Church	Germany
country	Oliphant's Gym, also known as Oliphant's Academy of Physical Culture, is a historic gym in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Oliphant's Gym	Canada
country	Inka Paqcha (Quechua Inka Inca, phaqcha, locally paqcha, waterfall, ``Inca waterfall'', also spelled Incapaccha) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,400 metres (14,436 ft) high.	Inka Paqcha	Peru
country	The Sierra Mágina is a massif mostly in the province of Jaén (southern Spain), part of the Cordillera Subbética.	Sierra Mágina	Spain
country	The Kent Air Ambulance is an organisation providing emergency medical services through the provision of a helicopter air ambulance covering the county of Kent in the South East of England, United Kingdom.	Kent Air Ambulance	United Kingdom
country	Cinc Sentits is a Michelin starred restaurant in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain run by self-taught Chef-Owner Jordi Artal and Maitre-Owner Amèlia Artal.	Cinc Sentits	Spain
country	Band-e Now Do (Persian: بندنودو‎; also known as Chāh-e Band-e Now and Chāh-i-Band-i-Nau) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Band-e Now Do	Iran
country	Fasta Åland (Finnish: Manner-Ahvenanmaa or Ahvenanmanner, meaning mainland Åland) is the largest and most populous island of Åland, an autonomous province of Finland.	Fasta Åland	Finland
country	Zhympity (Russian: Жымпиты) is a selo in north-western Kazakhstan.	Zhympity	Kazakhstan
country	The Glory Memorial is a former memorial located in Kutaisi, Georgia and designed by Merab Berdzenishvili.	Glory Memorial	Georgia
country	Hollands Landing is a village in central Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.	Hollands Landing	Australia
country	Kärnäkoski Fortress is a bastion fortress in Finland located in Kärnäkoski, Savitaipale built by Russia between 1791 and 1793 to protect Saint Petersburg.	Kärnäkoski Fortress	Finland
country	The American Society of Dental Surgeons (ASDS) was the first national dental organization formed in the United States of America.	American Society of Dental Surgeons	United States of America
country	The Château de Fondat is a château in the French commune of Saint-Justin, in Landes, Aquitane, France.	Château de Fondat	France
country	The Balta Mică a Brăilei Natural Park (Romanian: Parcul Natural Balta Mică a Brăilei) is a protected area (natural park category V IUCN) is situated in Romania, in Brăila County, in administrative territory of communes Berteștii de Jos, Chiscani, Gropeni, Mărașu and Stăncuța.	Balta Mică a Brăilei Natural Park	Romania
country	The Northern Luzon Heroes Hill National Park is a national park in the Republic of the Philippines, located in the municipalities of Santa and partly in Narvacan in Ilocos Sur province.	Northern Luzon Heroes Hill National Park	Philippines
country	The Arapey Grande River is a river in the Salto Department of northwestern Uruguay.	Arapey Grande River	Uruguay
country	Lociki (or Lotsiki) (Latvian: Lociki (Lāči); Russian: Лоцики) is a village located 12 km northeast of Daugavpils, Latvia, in Naujene parish, Daugavpils district, Latgale region.	Lociki	Latvia
country	The Vostok mine is a large copper mine located in the center of Russia in Krasnoyarsk Krai.	Vostok mine	Russia
country	Heiligenburg Castle (German: Burg Heiligenburg) is a castle on the hill of Heiligenberg in the district of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis, Hesse, Germany.	Heiligenburg Castle	Germany
country	Northern Peninsula Airport (IATA: ABM, ICAO: YNPE) is an airport serving Bamaga, a town near the northern tip of the Cape York Peninsula and is located 5 nautical miles (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) southeast of Injinoo in Queensland, Australia.	Northern Peninsula Airport	Australia
country	Hildebrandshausen/Lengenfeld unterm Stein is a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft in the district of Unstrut-Hainich in Thuringia, Germany.	Hildebrandshausen/Lengenfeld unterm Stein	Germany
country	Dufferin Street is a major north-south street in Toronto and York Region, Ontario, Canada.	Dufferin Street	Canada
country	Makineh Nasiri (Persian: مكينه نصيري‎‎, also Romanized as Maḵīneh Naṣīrī) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Makineh Nasiri	Iran
country	Pha Bong (Thai: ผาบ่อง) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Mae Hong Son District, in Mae Hong Son Province, Thailand.	Pha Bong	Thailand
country	Lengpui Airport (IATA: AJL, ICAO: VELP) is an domestic airport in Aizawl, Mizoram, India.	Lengpui Airport	India
country	Veever's Falls is a 12 metre high complex ribbon cascade waterfall found on private property, (private with permission to access), in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Veever's Falls	Canada
country	These Cenozoic sedimentary formation cliffs are a unique geological feature on the otherwise flat Kerala coast, and is known among geologists as Varkala Formation and a geological monument as declared by the Geological Survey of India.	Varkala	India
country	Renco is a village in Masvingo Province, Zimbabwe and is located 70 km (43 mi) from Masvingo.	Renco	Zimbabwe
country	The Las Manzanas River (Spanish pronunciation: (las manˈsanas)) is a river of Guatemala.	Las Manzanas River	Guatemala
country	An independent weekly published in Sydney, but read all over Australia, Smith's Weekly was one of Australia's most patriotic newspaper-style magazines.	Smith's Weekly	Australia
country	Estádio José de Melo, sometimes called Stadium José de Melo, is a multi-use stadium located in Rio Branco, Brazil.	Estádio José de Melo	Brazil
country	Opunake High School is a state secondary school for years 9 to 13 boys and girls in Opunake, New Zealand.	Opunake High School	New Zealand
country	Chapdar (Persian: چپدر‎, also Romanized as Chabdar; also known as Choghābdār and Choqāb Dār) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chapdar	Iran
country	Tuntsa Wilderness Area (Finnish: Tuntsan erämaa) is a wilderness reserve in the municipalities of Salla and Savukoski in Lapland, Finland.	Tuntsa Wilderness Area	Finland
country	Jalan Merlimau-Jasin, (Malacca state route ) is a major road in Malacca state, Malaysia.	Jalan Merlimau-Jasin	Malaysia
country	Białostoczek was a village in Poland that was incorporated, on 10 May 1919, into the city of Białystok as Osiedle Białostoczek.	Białostoczek	Poland
country	Wabakimi Provincial Park is a wilderness park located to the northwest of Lake Nipigon and northwest of Armstrong Station in the province of Ontario, Canada.	Wabakimi Provincial Park	Canada
country	Brežice (Slovene pronunciation: (ˈbrèːʒit͡sɛ); German: Rann (ʁan)) is a town in eastern Slovenia in the Lower Sava Valley, near the Croatian border.	Brežice	Slovenia
country	Midden-Zeeland Airport (ICAO: EHMZ), also known as Zeeland Airport, is an airport located 5 NM (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) east northeast of Middelburg, Zeeland in the Netherlands, just south of the Veerse Meer lagoon.	Midden-Zeeland Airport	Netherlands
country	Kiangsu and Chekiang Primary School (also called as KCPS) is a co-educational primary school in North Point, Hong Kong founded in 1953 by the Kiangsu and Chekiang Residents' Association of Hong Kong.	Kiangsu and Chekiang Primary School	Hong Kong
country	Tromsøya (Northern Sami: Romssasuolu) is a small island in the Tromsøysundet strait between the mainland and Kvaløya island in Tromsø municipality, Troms county, Norway.	Tromsøya	Norway
country	Vigipirate (French: Plan Vigipirate) is France's national security alert system.	Vigipirate	France
country	Jabal Awliya (Jabal al Awliyā', Jebel Aulia, Gebel Aulia) is a village in the north-central part of Sudan, about 40 km south of Khartoum.	Jabal Awliya	Sudan
country	Wola Olszowa (ˈvɔla ɔlˈʂɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wola Olszowa	Poland
country	The Bureau Bijzondere Opdrachten (BBO, ``Office of Special Assignments'') was a Dutch secret service during World War II. The BBO dispatched secret agents to the German-occupied Netherlands, where they supported the local resistance and carried out sabotage activities.	Bureau Bijzondere Opdrachten	Netherlands
country	The Roman bridge on Ilidža (Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian: Rimski Most / Римски мост) is a bridge located in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Roman bridge on Ilidža	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	FC OPA (FC Oulun Pallo) is a football club from Oulu, Finland.	FC OPA	Finland
country	Castillos is a small city in the Rocha Department of southeastern Uruguay.	Castillos	Uruguay
country	Brvace (pronounced (bəɾˈʋaːtsɛ)) is a small settlement just northwest of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Brvace	Slovenia
country	The series Geografija Slovenije (English Geography of Slovenia), published by the Anton Melik Geographical Institute, was founded in 1998 to publish the latest findings in Slovenian geography research.	Geografija Slovenije	Slovenia
country	Perseverance Harbour, also known as South harbour, is a large indentation in the coast of Campbell Island, one of New Zealand's subantarctic outlying islands.	Perseverance Harbour	New Zealand
country	Krajewo (kraˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowo-Osada, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krajewo	Poland
country	The University of Harderwijk (1648--1811), also named the Guelders Academy (Latin: Academia Gelro-Zutphanica), was located in the town of Harderwijk, in the Republic of the United Provinces (now: the Netherlands).	University of Harderwijk	Netherlands
country	In addition to playing host to the Western Mustangs teams, TD Stadium was also used as the main venue for the 2001 Canada Summer Games.	TD Stadium	Canada
country	Maxwell International School was a co-ed Bahá'í school located on Shawnigan Lake, British Columbia, Canada.	Maxwell International School	Canada
country	The Little Clyde River is a river in the municipality of Lanark Highlands, Lanark County in Eastern Ontario, Canada.	Little Clyde River	Canada
country	Parli-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.	Parli-I	India
country	Iška Vas (pronounced (ˈiːʃka ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Iška vas, German: Iggdorf) is a village on the right bank of the Iška River in the Municipality of Ig in central Slovenia, just south of the capital Ljubljana.	Iška Vas	Slovenia
country	The University of Jos (UNIJOS), abbreviated as Unijos, is a federal university in Jos, Plateau State, central Nigeria.	University of Jos	Nigeria
country	Cà Mau ( listen) is a city in southern Vietnam.	Cà Mau	Vietnam
country	Akimoto has expanded the AKB48 concept to several sister groups in Japan, China and Indonesia.	AKB48	Japan
country	Stade Boy Konen is a sports venue in the Cessange quarter of Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Stade Boy Konen	Luxembourg
country	The County of Montechiarugolo was a small sovereign state of northern Italy which existed from 1456 to 1612.	County of Montechiarugolo	Italy
country	Vallon-Pont-d'Arc (occitan: Valon) is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.	Vallon-Pont-d'Arc	France
country	Mojinete is a town in Sur Lipez Province in the Potosí Department of southern Bolivia.	Mojinete	Bolivia
country	The Tainan Municipal Baseball Stadium (Chinese: 台南市立棒球場; pinyin: Táinán Shìlì Bàngqiúchǎng) is a baseball stadium in Tainan City, Taiwan.	Tainan Municipal Baseball Stadium	Taiwan
country	Simansky Log (Russian: Сима́нский Лог) is a village in Strugo-Krasnensky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia.	Simansky Log	Russia
country	The Fuente del Ángel Caído (Fountain of the Fallen Angel or Monument of the Fallen Angel) is a highlight of the Buen Retiro Park in Madrid, Spain.	Fuente del Ángel Caído	Spain
country	Grzęzno (ˈɡʐɛ̃znɔ) (German: Weitenhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Grzęzno	Poland
country	Lango College is an all-boys O and A level boarding secondary school located in Lira District, two and half kilometres north of town on Lira Gulu highway Uganda.	Lango College	Uganda
country	The large Miramar Peninsula is on the southeastern side of the city of Wellington, New Zealand, at the entrance to Wellington Harbour, in Wellington's eastern suburbs.	Miramar Peninsula	New Zealand
country	Rivière Blanche/Cardinal Aviation Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CRB7) is an aerodrome located on the Rivière Blanche, north of Gatineau, Quebec, Canada.	Rivière Blanche/Cardinal Aviation Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Arłamów Airport (Polish: Lotnisko Krajna) (IATA: N/A, ICAO: EPAR) is a former government airport in the extreme southeast of Poland (near the Ukraine border), in gmina Bircza.	Arłamów Airport	Poland
country	Taulé (Breton: Taole) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Taulé	France
country	Lysi (Greek: Λύση, Turkish: Akdoğan) is a village located in the Mesaoria plain in Cyprus, north of the city of Larnaca.	Lysi	Cyprus
country	The Rapahoe Branch is a branch line railway that forms part of New Zealand's national rail network and is located on the West Coast of the South Island.	Rapahoe Branch	New Zealand
country	Huddard High School, is a private, CISCE-affiliated high school in the city of Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Huddard High School	India
country	Wad Banda is a town in North Kurdufan State in central Sudan 110 kilometres west of El Obeid, near En Nahud	Wad Banda	Sudan
country	German submarine U-973 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for service in Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during Second World War.	German submarine U-973	Nazi Germany
country	The Narromine News is a newspaper published bi-weekly in Narromine, New South Wales, Australia.	Narromine News	Australia
country	Ngazobil (also called Ngasobil) is a village in Senegal, located on the Petite Côte, south of Dakar.	Ngazobil	Senegal
country	John Shorter Pty Ltd remained the Doulton agents in Australia until 1979, when Royal Doulton Australia was established.	John Shorter Pty Ltd	Australia
country	Gymnázium Christiana Dopplera (commonly abbreviated as GChD) is a public secondary school located in the Malá Strana district of Prague, Czech Republic.	Gymnázium Christiana Dopplera	Czech Republic
country	Barranquilla's Carnival (Spanish: Carnaval de Barranquilla) is Colombia's most important folklore celebration, and one of the biggest carnival in the world.	Barranquilla's Carnival	Colombia
country	The Bornite Range is a subrange of the Bulkley Ranges, located just northeast of Terrace on the north side of Kleanza Creek in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Bornite Range	Canada
country	Załęcze Landscape Park (Załęczański Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in central Poland.	Załęcze Landscape Park	Poland
country	The University of Münster (German: Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster, WWU) is a public university located in the city of Münster, North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.	University of Münster	Germany
country	Uunartoq Qeqertaq, Greenlandic for ``The Warming Island'', is an island, that was only acknowledged as such in September 2005, by an American explorer Dennis Schmitt, off the east central coast of Greenland, 550 km (340 mi) north of the Arctic Circle.	Uunartoq Qeqertaq	Greenland
country	The Kızıldere Geothermal Power Plant (Turkish: Kızıldere Jeotermal Elektrik Santralı) is a geothermal power plant located at Kızıldere village of Sarayköy district in Denizli Province, southwestern Turkey.	Kızıldere Geothermal Power Plant	Turkey
country	Dikgatlong Local Municipality is an administrative area in the Frances Baard District of the Northern Cape in South Africa.	Dikgatlong Local Municipality	South Africa
country	Saint Margaret's Chapel, Epfig is an 11th-century Romanesque church in the hamlet of Saint Margaret, near Epfig in the Lower Rhine Department of Alsace, France.	Saint Margaret's Chapel, Epfig	France
country	Aosta Valley Airport formerly Corrado Gex Airport (Italian: Aeroporto della Valle d'Aosta, French: Aéroport de la Vallée d'Aoste) (IATA: AOT, ICAO: LIMW) is an airport located in Saint-Christophe and serving Aosta, a city in the Aosta Valley region of Italy.	Aosta Valley Airport	Italy
country	Zunil (Spanish pronunciation: (suˈnil)) is a municipality in the Quetzaltenango department of Guatemala with a surface area of 92 square kilometres (36 sq mi).	Zunil	Guatemala
country	Situated for the most part in Saharan lowlands of northeast Algeria, the Grand Erg Oriental covers an area some 600 km wide by 200 km north to south.	Grand Erg Oriental	Algeria
country	Bardzynin (barˈd͡zɨnin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dalików, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bardzynin	Poland
country	Privolzhsk (Russian: Приво́лжск) is a town and the administrative center of Privolzhsky District in Ivanovo Oblast, Russia, located on the Shacha River (right tributary of the Volga) 51 kilometers (32 mi) northeast of Ivanovo, the administrative center of the oblast.	Privolzhsk	Russia
country	Kafeh Hajjiabad (Persian: كافه حاجي اباد‎, also Romanized as Kāfeh Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kafeh Hajjiabad	Iran
country	Janików-Folwark (jaˈnikuf ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Janików-Folwark	Poland
country	Ayikel (also known as Chilga) is a town in western Ethiopia.	Ayikel	Ethiopia
country	Heho (Burmese: ဟဲဟိုး) is a small town in Kalaw Township, Taunggyi District, Shan State of Myanmar (formerly Burma).	Heho	Myanmar
country	Dhemaji (Pron:deɪˈmɑ:ʤi or di:ˈmɑ:ʤi) (Assamese: ধেমাজি) is the headquarters of Dhemaji district, Assam, India.	Dhemaji	India
country	Airdlin is a suburb of Sandton in the Gauteng province of South Africa.	Airdlin	South Africa
country	Selfors Church (Norwegian: Selfors kirke) is a rented parish church (owned by the Catholic church) in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.	Selfors Church	Norway
country	The Western Guard Party (founded in 1972 as the Western Guard) was a white supremacist group based in Toronto, Canada.	Western Guard Party	Canada
country	The Frankfurt City Forest or Frankfurter Stadtwald is a forest district in the south of Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Frankfurt City Forest	Germany
country	The Middlesex Guildhall is the home of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom and of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.	Middlesex Guildhall	United Kingdom
country	Somosomo is a chiefly village in Taveuni, which is the island where the International Date Line crosses on land in Fiji.	Somosomo	Fiji
country	Keskal is a town in Kondagaon district formerly in Madhya Pradesh and now in Chhattisgarh, India.	Keskal	India
country	Castlegregory (Irish: Caisleán Ghriaire) is a village in County Kerry, Ireland.	Castlegregory	Ireland
country	The Mau Escarpment is a fault scarp running along the western edge of the Great Rift Valley in Kenya.	Mau Escarpment	Kenya
country	Bugae Station is a subway station located in Bupyeong-gu, a district in Incheon, South Korea.	Bugae Station	South Korea
country	Viridor (from the Latin 'to become green') is a recycling, renewable energy and waste management company in the United Kingdom, owned by Pennon Group, a FTSE 250 plc focused on the water and waste management industries.	Viridor	United Kingdom
country	RAK Studios is a recording studio complex with residential facilities located near Regent's Park in central London, United Kingdom.	RAK Studios	United Kingdom
country	Sparrenberg Castle, also known as the Sparrenburg (German: Burg und Festung Sparrenberg or Sparrenburg), is a restored fortress in the Bielefeld-Mitte district of Bielefeld, Germany.	Sparrenberg Castle	Germany
country	Thazhathu Kulakkada is a small village in Kollam district of Kerala state in India.	Thazhathu Kulakkada	India
country	Emen is a village in Veliko Tarnovo Municipality, Veliko Tarnovo Province, Bulgaria, famous for the nearby caves and canyon.	Emen	Bulgaria
country	Bani Jamra (Arabic: بني جمرة‎) is a village in the north-west of Bahrain.	Bani Jamra	Bahrain
country	Dolacino (dɔlaˈt͡ɕinɔ) (German: Emilienhof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dolacino	Poland
country	Šahbegovići (Serbian: Шахбеговићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Šahbegovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	German submarine U-859 was a Type IXD2 U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was one of a select number of U-boats to join Monsun Gruppe or Monsoon Group, which operated in the Far East alongside the Imperial Japanese Navy.	German submarine U-859	Nazi Germany
country	Prlekija is a region in northeastern Slovenia between the Drava and Mura rivers.	Prlekija	Slovenia
country	The Kothduwa temple, or Koth Duwa Raja Maha Viharaya, is a Buddhist temple located on Kothduwa Island on the Maduganga river in southern Sri Lanka.	Kothduwa temple	Sri Lanka
country	Adamson University (AdU) is a private and Catholic university in Manila, Philippines, founded on June 20, 1932 by Greek immigrant George Lucas Adamson as the Adamson School of Industrial Chemistry.	Adamson University	Philippines
country	Dedhgaun (or Dedgaun) is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.	Dedgaun	Nepal
country	Tenja is a village in eastern Slavonia, Croatia, located just southeast of Osijek.	Tenja	Croatia
country	Slemen (Serbian Cyrillic: Слемен) is a mountain in eastern Serbia, near the town of Knjaževac.	Slemen	Serbia
country	Faqerlu (Persian: فاقرلو‎, also Romanized as Fāqerlū; also known as Fāghelū and Fāqehlū) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Faqerlu	Iran
country	Stalag Luft VI was a German prisoner-of-war camp during World War II located near the town of Heydekrug, Memelland (now Šilutė in Lithuania).	Stalag Luft VI	Lithuania
country	The 1900 Summer Olympics (French: Les Jeux olympiques d'été de 1900), today officially known as the Games of the II Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1900 in Paris, France, and the last Summer Olympics to be held in the 19th century.	1900 Summer Olympics	France
country	Chauk (Burmese: ချောက်) is a town and river port in Magway Region, north-central Myanmar, on the Irrawaddy River.	Chauk	Myanmar
country	Pohja (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈpohjɑ); Swedish: Pojo) is a former municipality of Finland.	Pohja	Finland
country	Sha'ar HaGolan (Hebrew: שַׁעַר הַגּוֹלָן, lit. Gate of the Golan) is a kibbutz situated at the foot of the Golan Heights in the Jordan Valley area of north-eastern Israel.	Sha'ar HaGolan	Israel
country	Juan Perez Sound is a sound off the east coast of Moresby Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands of British Columbia, Canada.	Juan Perez Sound	Canada
country	Kasma Science Fiction Magazine (ISSN 1920-5686) is a free online science fiction magazine based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, founded in 2009 by Alex Korovessis.	Kasma Science Fiction	Canada
country	Saarburg (pop. ~6,700) is a city of the Trier-Saarburg district in the Rhineland-Palatinate state of Germany, on the banks of the Saar River in the hilly country a few kilometers upstream from the Saar's junction with the Moselle.	Saarburg	Germany
country	Sankt Ruprecht-Falkendorf is a small village of about 534 inhabitants in the District Murau, Styria in central Austria.	Sankt Ruprecht-Falkendorf	Austria
country	Nivsky (Russian: Ни́вский) is a rural inhabited locality under the administrative jurisdiction of the town of Kandalaksha, Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Nivsky	Russia
country	Hoseynabad-e Mish Mast (Persian: حسين ابادميش مست‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Mīsh Mast; also known as Ḩasanābād-e Mīsh Mast, Ḩoseynābād, and Husainābād) is a village in Qanavat Rural District, in the Central District of Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Mish Mast	Iran
country	Mompach (Luxembourgish: Mompech) is a commune and village in eastern Luxembourg.	Mompach	Luxembourg
country	Kameng Elephant Reserve is an 1,894 km2 (731 sq mi) Elephant Reserve established June 19, 2002 in the Himalayan foothills of West Kameng and East Kameng Districts of Arunachal Pradesh, India.	Kameng Elephant Reserve	India
country	Malbazar subdivision, also known as Mal subdivision, is a subdivision of the Jalpaiguri district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Malbazar subdivision	India
country	Deh-e Sohrab (Persian: ده سهراب‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Sohrāb and Dehsohrāb) is a village in Rigan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Sohrab	Iran
country	Gabrsko (pronounced (ˈɡaːbəɾskɔ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Trbovlje in central Slovenia.	Gabrsko	Slovenia
country	Mazraeh-ye Fathabad (Persian: مزرعه فتح اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Fatḩābād) is a village in Rahmat Rural District, Seyyedan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10, in 4 families.	Mazraeh-ye Fathabad	Iran
country	The Marlborough Sounds Important Bird Areas are four distinct sites comprising several small, rocky islets contained within an area with a maximum linear extent of 40 km, in New Zealand.	Marlborough Sounds Important Bird Areas	New Zealand
country	Poreč, Poreče or Porečje, is a region in the Republic of Macedonia which includes the Makedonski Brod Municipality, and the western part of the Prilep Municipality.	Poreče	Macedonia
country	Cham Nuzdeh (Persian: چم نوزده‎, also Romanized as Cham Nūzdeh; also known as Cham Nūzdeh-ye Olyā) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Cham Nuzdeh	Iran
country	Collooney railway station serves the town of Collooney in County Sligo, Ireland.	Collooney railway station	Ireland
country	Westerdeichstrich is a municipality belonging to the Amt (``collective municipality'') Büsum-Wesselburen in the district Dithmarschen in Schleswig-Holstein on the West Coast of Germany.	Westerdeichstrich	Germany
country	San Esteban de Gormaz is a municipality in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile-Leon, Spain.	San Esteban de Gormaz	Spain
country	Nosara Airport (IATA: NOB, ICAO: MRNS) is an airport that serves Nosara, Costa Rica.	Nosara Airport	Costa Rica
country	Cham Jamal Rural District (Persian: دهستان چم جمال‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Cham Jamal Rural District	Iran
country	The National Museum of Computing is a museum in the United Kingdom dedicated to collecting and restoring historic computer systems.	The National Museum of Computing	United Kingdom
country	The San Giorgio Monastery (English: St. George Monastery) was a Benedictine monastery in Venice, Italy, located on the island of San Giorgio Maggiore.	San Giorgio Monastery	Italy
country	Sigve and Aksel is a mountain, located in Vingsand, Norway.	Sigve and Aksel	Norway
country	The Nagpur Central Museum, known as Ajab Bangla, is located in Nagpur, Maharashtra, India.	Nagpur Central Museum	India
country	Kaziopole (kaʑɔˈpɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kaziopole	Poland
country	The Indira Gandhi Arena or Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium, is located at the Indraprastha Estate in the eastern region of New Delhi, It is the largest indoor sports arena in India and the third-largest in Asia.	Indira Gandhi Arena	India
country	The Théniet El Had National Park is one of the 10 national parks of Algeria.	Théniet El Had National Park	Algeria
country	Lake Baskunchak (Russian: Баскунчак) is a salt lake of 115 km² in Astrakhan Oblast, Russia, located at 48°10′N 46°53′E, about 270 km north of the Caspian Sea, and 53 km east of the Volga.	Lake Baskunchak	Russia
country	Boumagueur (Arabic: بــومقر‎, Berber: ⴱⵓⵎⴰⴳⴻⵔ) is a town in northeast of Algeria.	Boumagueur	Algeria
country	Karamürsel is a town and district located in northwestern Turkey, in the province of Kocaeli.	Karamürsel	Turkey
country	Xiangyun Airport is an airport, located west of Xiangyun (Yunnan Province) in the People's Republic of China.	Xiangyun Airport	People's Republic of China
country	Bad Berka's Zentralklinik has since gained a reputation as a center of medicinal expertise far beyond the boundaries of Germany.	Bad Berka	Germany
country	Rovinj/Rovigno (Croatian pronounced (rǒʋiːɲ); Italian: Rovigno, Ancient Greek: Ρυγίνιον (Ryginion), Latin: Ruginium) is a city in Croatia situated on the north Adriatic Sea with a population of 14,294 (as of 2011).	Rovinj	Croatia
country	Barzanun (Persian: برزنون‎, also Romanized as Barzanūn and Borzenūn) is a village in Barzanun Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Barzanun	Iran
country	Sandton is an affluent area situated within the metro of Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa.	Sandton	South Africa
country	The Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa (SNS) is a public higher learning institution in Pisa, Italy.	Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa	Italy
country	Adony Subregion was a subregion in Fejér County, Hungary.	Adony Subregion	Hungary
country	Castelo de Bode Dam is a concrete arch-gravity dam on the Zêzere River, a tributary of the Tagus River, located southwest of Tomar and north of Constância, in Santarém District, Portugal.	Castelo de Bode Dam	Portugal
country	Šentlovrenc (pronounced (ʃɛnˈtloːu̯ɾɛnts) or (ʃənˈtloːu̯ɾɛnts)) is a village on the Temenica River in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Šentlovrenc	Slovenia
country	Bremanger Church (Norwegian: Bremanger kyrkje) is a parish church in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Bremanger Church	Norway
country	Nahavand (Persian: نهاوند‎‎, also Romanized as Nahāvand and Nehāvend; also known as Nīhāvand) is a city in and capital of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Nahavand	Iran
country	Zarkadia (Greek: Ζαρκαδιά) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Chrysoupoli in the Kavala regional unit, Greece.	Zarkadia	Greece
country	Medvedovskaya (Russian: Медведовская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Timashyovsky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Medvedovskaya	Russia
country	Jihaeng Station is a ground-level metro station on Line 1 of the Seoul Subway in Jihaeng-dong, Dongducheon, South Korea.	Jihaeng Station	South Korea
country	Branksome Hall is an independent girls' school for day and boarding students from Junior Kindergarten to Grade 12 in Toronto, Canada, that was founded in 1903.	Branksome Hall	Canada
country	The Men's 1995 World Amateur Boxing Championships were held in the Deutschlandhalle in Berlin, Germany from May 4 to May 15.	1995 World Amateur Boxing Championships	Germany
country	The Rothmans Medal was the first official player-of-the-year award to be established in rugby league in Australia.	Rothmans Medal	Australia
country	Myroodah or Myroodah Station is a pastoral lease that once operated as a sheep station but presently operates as a cattle station located in Western Australia.	Myroodah	Australia
country	Hazara Town (Urdu: ہزارہ ٹاؤن, Hazaragi: آزره ٹاون) is a lower- to middle-income area on the western outskirts of Quetta, Pakistan with a population of up to 70,000, of which an estimated two thirds are ethnic Hazaras and the remaining portion are Pashtun and Baloch.	Hazara Town	Pakistan
country	Nandi County is in North Rift of Kenya, occupying an area of 2,884.4 Km2.	Nandi County	Kenya
country	Landing Zone Sierra was a U.S. Marine Corps base located northwest of Cam Lộ, Quảng Trị Province in central Vietnam.	Landing Zone Sierra	Vietnam
country	Rytele-Wszołki (rɨˈtɛlɛ ˈfʂɔu̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceranów, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rytele-Wszołki	Poland
country	The Congregados Basilica in Portuguese, Igreja dos Congregados is a Portuguese 18th-century baroque Basilica in Braga, Portugal.	Congregados Basilica	Portugal
country	Carirriñe Pass is an international mountain pass in the Andes between Chile and Argentina.	Carirriñe Pass	Chile
country	Lower Shebelle (Somali: Shabeellaha Hoose, Arabic: شبيلي السفلى‎) is an administrative region (gobol) in southern Somalia.	Lower Shebelle	Somalia
country	Wilkowuje (vilkɔˈvujɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wilkowuje	Poland
country	The Frankfurter Wachensturm (German: charge of the Frankfurt guard house) on 3 April 1833 was a failed attempt to start a revolution in Germany.	Frankfurter Wachensturm	Germany
country	Berlin Independent Film Festival is a film festival with a special emphasis on independent films, which annually takes place in Berlin, Germany.	Berlin Independent Film Festival	Germany
country	Federation Peak is a prominent mountain (elevation 1,224 metres) located in the Southwest National Park of Tasmania, Australia.	Federation Peak	Australia
country	Tauche (Lower Sorbian Tuchow) is a municipality on both sides of the river Spree in the Oder-Spree district, in Brandenburg, Germany.	Tauche	Germany
country	Haltushan (Persian: هلتوشان‎, also Romanized as Haltūshān) is a village in Sursur Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Haltushan	Iran
country	Barra de Carrasco is a residential neighbourhood and resort of Ciudad de la Costa in Canelones, Uruguay.	Barra de Carrasco	Uruguay
country	Kassita (Berber language: Qasita / ⵇⴰⵙⵉⵜⴰ, Arabic: قاسيتا) is a small town in the Driouch Province in northeastern Morocco, in the Oriental administrative region.	Kassita	Morocco
country	Sangre Grande Secondary School (formerly Sangre Grande Junior Secondary School) is a government-run secondary school in Sangre Grande, Trinidad and Tobago.	Sangre Grande Secondary School	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Batenburg Windmill is a post mill in Batenburg, Gelderland, Netherlands which was built in the 18th century and is under repair as of February 2014.	Batenburg Windmill	Netherlands
country	Simon Kuznets Kharkiv National University of Economics (Ukrainian: Харківський національний економічний університет імені Семена Кузнеця) is the largest economic higher educational and research institution in Eastern Ukraine.	Kharkiv National University of Economics	Ukraine
country	Hutchinson's Hole is a large sinkhole (located in Saint Ann in northern Jamaica) named after the 18th century serial killer Lewis Hutchinson, who used the sinkhole to dispose of bodies.	Hutchinson's Hole	Jamaica
country	The Gracefield Branch is a 1.6 km long, 3 ft 6 in (1,067 mm) gauge industrial line from its junction with the Wairarapa Line at Woburn in the Wellington region of New Zealand's North Island to its terminus at the southern end of the Hutt Workshops yard.	Gracefield Branch	New Zealand
country	Lantzville is a coastal community on the east side of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada along the western shore of the Strait of Georgia and immediately north of the City of Nanaimo.	Lantzville	Canada
country	The German New Guinea Company (German: Deutsche Neuguinea-Kompagnie) was a German Chartered Company which exploited insular territory in and near present Papua New Guinea.	German New Guinea Company	Papua New Guinea
country	The Campeonato Alagoano is the football league of the state of Alagoas, Brazil.	Campeonato Alagoano	Brazil
country	Rujan (Serbian Cyrillic: Рујан) or Rujen (Рујен), is a mountain in southern Serbia, near the town of Bujanovac.	Rujan	Serbia
country	The Ministry of Immigrant Absorption of Israel (Hebrew: המשרד לקליטת העלייה‎, HaMisrad LiKlitat HaAliyah), known until 1951 as the Ministry of Immigration (Hebrew: משרד העלייה‎, Misrad HaAliya), a ministry in the Israeli government.	Ministry of Immigrant Absorption	Israel
country	Cham-e Mir Beyg (Persian: چم ميربيگ‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Mīr Beyg and Cham-e Mīr Bak) is a village in Zirtang Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham-e Mir Beyg	Iran
country	Lamwo is a town in the Northern Region of Uganda and the political and administrative center of Lamwo District.	Lamwo	Uganda
country	Bijnavand Rural District (Persian: دهستان بيجنوند‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Bijnavand Rural District	Iran
country	Ubay Airport (Filipino: Paliparan ng Bayan ng Ubay, Cebuano: Tugpahanan sa Lungsod sa Ubay) (ICAO: RPSN, formerly RPBY) is an airport serving the general area of Ubay, in the northeastern part of the island province of Bohol in the Philippines.	Ubay Airport	Philippines
country	The Pagaibamba Protection Forest is a catchment area in Peru.	Pagaibamba Protection Forest	Peru
country	The Via Praenestina (modern Italian: Via Prenestina) was an ancient Roman road in central Italy.	Via Praenestina	Italy
country	The ruins of Grünenberg Castle, Schnabelburg Castle and Langenstein Castle are a complex of three interconnected castles on a hill above the municipality of Melchnau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Grünenberg Castle	Switzerland
country	Institute of Technology, Guru Ghasidas University (a Central University), also known as ITGGU or ITGGV, is a public engineering institute located in Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh, India.	Institute of Technology, Guru Ghasidas University	India
country	Imerovigli (Greek: Ημεροβίγλι) is a village on the island of Santorini, Greece, adjacent to the north of the island capital Fira.	Imerovigli	Greece
country	Inangahua Junction is a small town in the northwest of New Zealand's South Island.	Inangahua Junction	New Zealand
country	Al Ghazieh (الغازية) is a small city in South Lebanon, near the South's capital, the famous city Saida (Sidon).	Ghazieh	Lebanon
country	Narga Selassie is a church on the western shores of Dek Island, the largest island of Lake Tana in northern Ethiopia.	Narga Selassie	Ethiopia
country	Tumsisiro is located near Saratamata on east Ambae, Vanuatu and is the headquarters of the Southern Region of the Melanesian Brotherhood, an Anglican religious community.	Tumsisiro	Vanuatu
country	Sladaja (Serbian Cyrillic: Сладаја) is a village in Despotovac municipality, in the Pomoravlje District of Serbia.	Sladaja	Serbia
country	Uzmani (in older sources also Uzmane, German: Usmane) is a settlement west of Rob in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Uzmani	Slovenia
country	Traditionally, it is said that the Rhine enters the Netherlands at Lobith, although in reality, this happens about 4 km further upstream, near Spijk.	Lobith	Netherlands
country	Miskolc-Avas TV Tower (in colloquial speech Avasi kilátó, Avas Lookout Tower) is a 72 metre tall TV tower with an observation deck on the Avas hill in Miskolc, Hungary.	Miskolc-Avas TV Tower	Hungary
country	Mursena Madari is a village of Pilibhit City, UP, India, the population is about 2000 and new generation of this village is so talented , this village produce 5 to 10 engineers at every year .	Mursena Madari	India
country	Unitary Front (Greek: Ενωτικό Μέτωπο) was a short-lived center-left party in Greece.	Unitary Front	Greece
country	Mamu Kanjan (or spelled as Mamukanjan) is a town of Faisalabad District in Punjab, Pakistan.	Mamu Kanjan	Pakistan
country	Wheelock Place (Chinese: 伟乐坊; pinyin: Wěilèfāng), (Tamil வீல்லாக் ப்லேஸ்) is a 21-floor office tower and shopping mall on Singapore's Orchard Road.	Wheelock Place	Singapore
country	Thiên Đường Cave is located on an elevation of 200 meters above the sea level, near the west branch of Ho Chi Minh Highway, in Son Trach Commune, Bố Trạch District, Quảng Bình Province, Vietnam.	Thiên Đường Cave	Vietnam
country	Mashallah Kol (Persian: ماشاء الله کل‎, also Romanized as Māshāllāh Kol) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Ahmadsargurab District, Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mashallah Kol	Iran
country	Khurais Airport (old) is a small airport near the oil complex of Khurais in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia.	Khurais Airport (old)	Saudi Arabia
country	Clackline Bridge is a road bridge in Clackline, Western Australia, 77 kilometres (48 mi) east of Perth in the Shire of Northam, that carried the Great Eastern Highway until 2008.	Clackline Bridge	Australia
country	The Royal Coin Cabinet (Swedish: Kungliga Myntkabinettet) is a museum located on Slottsbacken, Gamla stan, in central Stockholm, Sweden, dedicated to the history of money.	Royal Coin Cabinet	Sweden
country	Τhe Museum of Anthropology, University of Athens is an educational museum in Athens, Greece.	Museum of Anthropology, University of Athens	Greece
country	Guénimanzo (also spelled Gbénimanzo) is a village in western Ivory Coast.	Guénimanzo	Ivory Coast
country	The Vienna Symphony (German: Wiener Symphoniker) is an orchestra in Vienna, Austria.	Vienna Symphony	Austria
country	The Lasithi Plateau (Greek: Οροπέδιο Λασιθίου, Oropedio Lasithiou) is a high endorheic plateau, located in the Lasithi regional unit in eastern Crete, Greece.	Lasithi Plateau	Greece
country	Abutilon Island is located approximately 120 kilometres (75 mi) off the coast from Onslow in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.	Abutilon Island	Australia
country	Ras Acrata is a cape located in Algeria, about 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) from Algiers.	Ras Acrata	Algeria
country	The basilica of San Nazaro in Brolo or San Nazaro Maggiore is a church in Milan, northern Italy.	San Nazaro in Brolo	Italy
country	Stadio Angelo Massimino (previously known as Stadio Cibali) is a multi-use stadium in Catania, Italy.	Stadio Angelo Massimino	Italy
country	Vlahina (Bulgarian: Влахина) or Vlaina (Macedonian: Влаина), meaning ``Vlach (mountain)'' is a mountain range on the border of southwestern Bulgaria and eastern Republic of Macedonia.	Vlahina	Bulgaria	Macedonia
country	Brhlovce (Hungarian: Borfő, pronounced (ˈborføː)) is a municipality and village in the Levice District in the south-west of Slovakia, in the Nitra Region.	Brhlovce	Slovakia
country	Alto Verá is a district and town in the Itapúa Department of Paraguay.	Alto Verá	Paraguay
country	Böön Tsagaan Lake (Mongolian: Бөөн Цагаан нуур) is a large saline lake in Bayakhongor province in the Gobi Desert of southern Mongolia.	Böön Tsagaan Lake	Mongolia
country	The Vitra Slide Tower is a 30.74 meter high observation tower located in the Vitra Campus in Weil am Rhein, Germany.	Vitra Slide Tower	Germany
country	Santa Bárbara del Zulia is a city of some 80,000 inhabitants in Zulia State in Venezuela.	Santa Bárbara del Zulia	Venezuela
country	Markhal (Persian: مرخال‎, also Romanized as Markhāl) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District, in the Central District of Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Markhal	Iran
country	Teseney (Tigrinya: ተሰነይ?), also spelled Tessenei or Tesseney, is a market town in western Eritrea.	Teseney	Eritrea
country	Sandnes Sentrum Station (Norwegian: Sandnes sentrum stasjon) is a railway station located in downtown Sandnes in Rogaland, Norway.	Sandnes Sentrum Station	Norway
country	Saigon Centre is a complex building in Ho Chi Minh city, Vietnam, invested by Keppel Land Watco I. The building is located at Le Loi road in District 1, Ho Chi Minh City.	Saigon Centre	Vietnam
country	Hala MOSiR (acronym for Miejskiego Ośrodka Sportu i Rekreacji) is an indoor arena in Łódź, Poland.	Hala MOSiR	Poland
country	Aaron Arm is an unincorporated community near Burgeo in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Aaron Arm	Canada
country	Björknäshallen, is an indoor arena in Boden, Sweden.	Björknäshallen	Sweden
country	Puncak Regency is one of the regencies (kabupaten) in Papua province of Indonesia; it is not to be confused with Puncak Jaya Regency, which is within the same province, and from which the districts now forming Puncak Regency were separated in 2008.	Puncak Regency	Indonesia
country	The Cégep Garneau is a public French-language college in Quebec, Canada.	Cégep Garneau	Canada
country	Kostanjek (pronounced (kɔˈstaːnjək)) is a settlement north of Zdole in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Kostanjek	Slovenia
country	Blasieholmen is a peninsula in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Blasieholmen	Sweden
country	Mount Parnassus (/pɑːrˈnæsəs/; Greek: Παρνασσός, Parnassos) is a mountain of limestone in central Greece that towers above Delphi, north of the Gulf of Corinth, and offers scenic views of the surrounding olive groves and countryside.	Mount Parnassus	Greece
country	Adjamé is one of the 10 urban communes of Abidjan, Ivory Coast.	Adjamé	Ivory Coast
country	Subkowskie Pole (supˈkɔfskʲɛ ˈpɔlɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Subkowy, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Subkowskie Pole	Poland
country	Maspi Rural District (Persian: دهستان ماسبي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Maspi Rural District	Iran
country	Nejdek (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnɛjdɛk); German: Neudek) is a town in the Karlovy Vary Region, Czech Republic.	Nejdek	Czech Republic
country	Bristol Aerodrome (TC LID: CDA6), is a small private airfield located adjacent to Bristol, New Brunswick, Canada.	Bristol Aerodrome	Canada
country	Deh-e Khamruduiyeh (Persian: ده خمرودوئيه‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Khamrūdū’īyeh; also known as Deh-e Khamrūd) is a village in Kavirat Rural District, Chatrud District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Khamruduiyeh	Iran
country	Poręba Sobaków (pɔˈrɛmba sɔˈbakuf) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Poręba Sobaków	Poland
country	Rolfsån is a river in Sweden, the main outflow of lake Lygnern.	Rolfsån	Sweden
country	Seojeong-ri Station is a station in Seojeong-dong, Pyeongtaek, South Korea.	Seojeong-ri Station	South Korea
country	Jrarbi (Armenian: Ջրարբի); formerly known as Jrarati trchnafabrika (meaning ``Jrarat poultry factory''), is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Jrarbi	Armenia
country	Kommetjie (Afrikaans for ``small basin,'' approximately pronounced cawma-key) is a small town near Cape Town, in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Kommetjie	South Africa
country	Yamgan District is one of the 29 districts of Badakhshan Province in eastern Afghanistan.	Yamgan District	Afghanistan
country	Nukufetau is an atoll that is part of the nation of Tuvalu.	Nukufetau	Tuvalu
country	FK Mladost Podgorica (Montenegrin Cyrillic: ФК Младост Подгорица; pronounced (mlâdoːst pǒdɡorit͡sa)) is a professional football club based in Podgorica, Montenegro.	FK Mladost Podgorica	Montenegro
country	Lala Tulpan (``Tulip in Bloom'') in Ufa is one of Russia's largest mosques with 53-metre-tall twin minarets.	Lala Tulpan	Russia
country	The Brant-Argyle School (formerly Brant Consolidated School #1703) is an educational facility located in the village of Argyle, Manitoba, Canada.	Brant-Argyle School	Canada
country	The Pasir Gudang Corporation Stadium (Malay: Stadium Perbadanan Pasir Gudang) is a multi-use stadium in Pasir Gudang, Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia.	Pasir Gudang Corporation Stadium	Malaysia
country	Tomaros (Greek: Τόμαρος, also Ολύτσικας - Olytsikas or Tomaros) is a mountain in southwestern Ioannina regional unit, Greece.	Tomaros	Greece
country	Motovilci (pronounced (mɔtɔˈʋiːltsi) or (mɔtɔˈʋiːu̯tsi); Hungarian: Mottolyád, Prekmurje Slovene: Motovöuci) is a village in the Municipality of Grad in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Motovilci	Slovenia
country	Kholus (Persian: خلوص‎‎, also Romanized as Kholūş and Kholoos; also known as Kholū and Khulu) is a village in Harang Rural District, Kukherd District, Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kholus	Iran
country	The Suai Church massacre happened on 6 September 1999, in Suai, Cova Lima District in southwestern East Timor, two days after the results of the independence referendum were announced.	Suai Church massacre	East Timor
country	Qeshlaq-e Hadli (Persian: قشلاق هدلي‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Hadlī) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District, in the Central District of Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Hadli	Iran
country	Anguil is a village and rural locality (municipality) in the Capital Department, in La Pampa Province in Argentina.	Anguil	Argentina
country	The Jardin des Plantes Sauvages du Conservatoire botanique national de Bailleul (1 hectare) is a garden of protected local plants maintained by the Conservatoire botanique national de Bailleul in Haendries, northwest of Bailleul, Nord, Nord-Pas-de-Calais, in France, the world's largest country.	Jardin des Plantes Sauvages du Conservatoire botanique national de Bailleul	France
country	Puerto San Julián is a natural harbour in Patagonia in the Santa Cruz Province of Argentina located at 49°18′S 67°43′W. In the days of sailing ships it formed a stopping point, 180 km (112 mi) south of Puerto Deseado (Port Desire).	Puerto San Julián	Argentina
country	Dutch wine (Dutch: Nederlandse wijn) is wine made in the Netherlands.	Dutch wine	Netherlands
country	Čavaš (Serbian Cyrillic: Чаваш) is a village in the municipality of Ravno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čavaš	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	A. S. Rao Nagar, also known as Dr. A. S. Rao Nagar, is a major suburb of Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	A. S. Rao Nagar	India
country	Kilmacrehy (Irish: Cill Mhic Creiche) is a civil parish in County Clare, Ireland.	Kilmacrehy	Ireland
country	Bacoor Bay is a large inlet of southeastern Manila Bay, situated within Cavite province of Luzon Island in the the Philippines.	Bacoor Bay	Philippines
country	Kavilo (Serbian Cyrillic: Кавило, Hungarian: Rákóczitelep or Kavilló) is a village in Serbia.	Kavilo	Serbia
country	Dotsiko (Greek: Δοτσικό) is a village and a former community in Grevena regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece.	Dotsiko	Greece
country	Delap (Marshallese: Teļap, (tˠʌ͡ɛɛ̯ɫɑ͡æpʲ)) is an island district in the Marshall Islands.	Delap	Marshall Islands
country	Loimaan kunta (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈloimɑːŋˈkuntɑ), Swedish: Loimaa kommun, literally ``Municipality of Loimaa'') is a former municipality of Finland.	Loimaan kunta	Finland
country	Zari Zi (Persian: زرعزي‎, also Romanized as Zariʿ Zī) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District, in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zari Zi	Iran
country	The Cantabrian Mountains or Cantabrian Range (Spanish: Cordillera Cantábrica) are one of the main systems of mountain ranges in Spain.	Cantabrian Mountains	Spain
country	Singapore School Manila is an international school in Aseana City, Parañaque City, Philippines, that follows the education of the Singaporean educational system.	Singapore School Manila	Philippines
country	Cesena (Italian pronunciation: (tʃeˈzɛːna)) is a city and comune in the Emilia-Romagna region of northern Italy, south of Ravenna and west of Rimini, on the Savio River, co-chief of the Province of Forlì-Cesena.	Cesena	Italy
country	Filfla is a small, mostly barren, uninhabited islet 5 kilometres (3.1 miles) south of Malta, and is the most southerly point of the Maltese Archipelago.	Filfla	Malta
country	The Batrakhan Forest Reserve (or Baltyrkan Forest Reserve) is located in Aksy District of Jalal-Abad Province of Kyrgyzstan at the area of Aflatun Forestry.	Batrakhan Forest Reserve	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Philippine Republic (Spanish: República Filipina, Filipino: Republikang Pilipino), more commonly known as the First Philippine Republic or the Malolos Republic, was a nascent revolutionary government in the Philippines.	First Philippine Republic	Philippines
country	The Quadiriki Caves (Guadirikiri Caves, Quadirikiri Cave) are located in Arikok National Park on the island of Aruba.	Quadiriki Caves	Aruba
country	Stade Pacy-Ménilles is a multi-use stadium in Ménilles, near Pacy-sur-Eure, France.	Stade Pacy-Ménilles	France
country	Weingut Wittmann is a German wine grower and producer based Westhofen, in the Wonnegau district of the wine-growing region of Rheinhessen, Germany.	Weingut Wittmann	Germany
country	Anykh-Kishlag (also, Əniqqışlaq) is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Anykh-Kishlag	Azerbaijan
country	The Fourth Battle of Gao was fought in the city of Gao on 20-22 February 2013, during the Northern Mali Conflict.	Fourth Battle of Gao	Mali
country	Lakselvbukt Church (Norwegian: Lakselvbukt kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county, Norway.	Lakselvbukt Church	Norway
country	As-Suwayda (Arabic: السويداء‎ / ALA-LC: as-Suwaydā''), also spelled Sweida, is a mainly Druze city located in southwestern Syria, close to the border with Jordan.	As-Suwayda	Syria
country	The Museum of Folk Art and History of Pelion (Greek: Μουσείο Λαϊκής Τέχνης και Ιστορίας του Πηλίου) is a museum in the village of Makrinitsa (Volos), Magnesia, Greece.	Museum of Folk Art and History of Pelion	Greece
country	CDI College is a private college in Canada.	CDI College	Canada
country	The Bode Valley Gondola Lift (German: Bodetal-Seilbahn) is a gondola lift built between 1969 and 1970 by the Czechoslovak collective combine Transporta Chrudim as a joint project with PGH Elektrotherm Quedlinburg in the vicinity of Thale in the Harz mountains in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Bode Valley Gondola Lift	Germany
country	Batočina (Serbian: Баточина, pronounced (bâtɔtʃina)) is a small town and municipality located in the Šumadija District of Serbia.	Batočina	Serbia
country	Tugdan Airport (Filipino: Paliparan ng Tugdan, Romblomanon (Onhan): Paluparan it Tugdan) (IATA: TBH, ICAO: RPVU) is an airport located in the province of Romblon in the Philippines.	Tugdan Airport	Philippines
country	Sally Horsfall Eaton Centre, in Toronto, Canada, is home to Ryerson University's Studies for Community Health.	Sally Horsfall Eaton Centre	Canada
country	Killeany or Kilhenny, Kilheny (Irish: Cill Éinne) is a civil parish in County Clare, Ireland.	Killeany	Ireland
country	Guards' Grave is a military cemetery near Villers-Cotterêts in northern France, maintained by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission.	Guards' Grave	France
country	The church of Sant'Aponal is a deconsecrated Roman Catholic church in the sestiere of San Polo in Venice, Italy.	Sant'Aponal	Italy
country	The Western Ring Route is a motorway system being constructed in Auckland, New Zealand.	Western Ring Route	New Zealand
country	Istgah-e Fariman (Persian: ايستگاه فريمان‎, also Romanized as Istgāh-e Farīmān) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Istgah-e Fariman	Iran
country	Radowo Wielkie (raˈdɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Raddow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radowo Małe, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Radowo Wielkie	Poland
country	Corporation ``Proekt-technika'' (Russian: ООО ``Корпорация ``Проект-техника'') is one of Russia's largest machine-manufacturing companies, and a part of the Russian military-industrial complex.	Proekt-technika	Russia
country	Klebas (pop. 91) is one of the 31 localities belonging to the municipality of Lesachtal in Carinthia (Austria).	Klebas	Austria
country	Australia and New Zealand both have Anzac Day Acts providing for the commemoration of Anzac Day in those countries.	Anzac Day Act	Australia
country	The Guava River rises just north of the Grand Ridge of the Blue Mountains on the border of Portland Parish in Jamaica.	Guava River	Jamaica
country	Interprint has eight production locations worldwide - in Germany, Poland, Russia (2), Malaysia, China, Brazil and the USA - and six sales offices - in Italy, Spain, South Africa, Russia, China and Turkey.	Interprint	Germany
country	The Holy Spirit University of Kaslik (in French: Université Saint-Esprit de Kaslik (USEK); in Arabic: جامعة الرّوح القدس -- الكسليك Jāmi'aẗ Al Rūḥ Al Qudus -- Al Kaslīk), is a private Catholic university in Mount Lebanon, founded in 1950 by the Lebanese Maronite Order (LMO).	Holy Spirit University of Kaslik	Lebanon
country	Kerava railway station (Finnish: Keravan rautatieasema, Swedish: Kervo järnvägsstation) is located in the town of Kerava, Finland.	Kerava railway station	Finland
country	Tunka (Russian: Тунка) is a village (selo) in Tunkinsky District of the Buryat Republic, Russia, located southwest of Irkutsk in the Tunka Valley.	Tunka	Russia
country	Gvozdansko (Serbian Cyrillic: Гвозданско) is a village in the Sisak-Moslavina county, Croatia.	Gvozdansko	Croatia
country	Wonna (ˈvɔnna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wonna	Poland
country	The Imperial Towers are a pair of residential towers in Tardeo that are the tallest complete buildings in India.	Tardeo	India
country	Col de Tende Road Tunnel is a 3182 metre long road tunnel running under Col de Tende between France and Italy.	Col de Tende Road Tunnel	France	Italy
country	Sunwing Airlines Inc. is a Canadian low-cost airline headquartered in the Etobicoke district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Sunwing Airlines	Canada
country	Səbətkeçməz (also, Sabatkechmaz and Sabetkechmaz) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Səbətkeçməz	Azerbaijan
country	The Khidkali temple or the Khidkaleshwar Mandir is a Hindu temple located in Dombivli, Maharashtra, India.	Khidkaleshwar Mandir	India
country	Tutayev (Russian: Тута́ев) is a town in Yaroslavl Oblast, Russia.	Tutayev	Russia
country	Garaši (Serbian: Гараши) is a village in the municipality of Aranđelovac, Serbia.	Garaši	Serbia
country	Mampatti(Tamil: மாம்பட்டி) is a Village in Thiruppathur Taluk in Sivagangai District of Tamil Nadu State, India.	Mampatti	India
country	Monselice is a town and municipality (comune) located in northeastern Italy, in the Veneto region, in the province of Padua.	Monselice	Italy
country	Fiplingdal Church (Norwegian: Fiplingdal kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county, Norway.	Fiplingdal Church	Norway
country	Aparekka is a village in Matara District, a southern province of Sri Lanka.	Aparekka	Sri Lanka
country	Atlit Railway Station (Hebrew: תחנת הרכבת עתלית‎, Taḥanat HaRakevet Atlit) is an Israel Railways passenger station serving the town of Atlit as well as the surrounding rural communities and military bases.	Atlit Railway Station	Israel
country	The Madrid Metro (Spanish: Metro de Madrid) is a metro system serving the city of Madrid, capital of Spain.	Madrid Metro	Spain
country	Kavian (Persian: كاويان‎, also Romanized as Kāvīān; also known as Gābnān, Gāv Nān, and Govnān) is a village in Oshtorjan Rural District, in the Central District of Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kavian	Iran
country	Sulicha (suˈlixa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sulicha	Poland
country	Vasleh (Persian: وصله‎, also Romanized as Vaşleh, Vaslah, and Wasleh) is a village in Kuhin Rural District, in the Central District of Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Vasleh	Iran
country	Curtici (Hungarian: Kürtös, German: Kurtitsch) is a town located in Arad County, far western Romania.	Curtici	Romania
country	The Academy of Mary Immaculate is a Roman Catholic girls' secondary school, situated in Fitzroy, Victoria, Australia.	Academy of Mary Immaculate	Australia
country	Jankov Most (Serbian Cyrillic: Јанков Мост, Romanian: Iancăid) is a village in Serbia.	Jankov Most	Serbia
country	After the end of the Napoleonic Era, Portoferraio returned to Tuscany, and became part of the Kingdom of Italy in 1860.	Portoferraio	Italy
country	The Swiss Guide and Scout Movement (SGSM) (Pfadibewegung Schweiz (PBS), Mouvement Scout de Suisse (MSdS), Movimento Scout Svizzero (MSS), Moviment Battasendas Svizra (MBS)) is the national Scouting and Guiding association of Switzerland.	Swiss Guide and Scout Movement	Switzerland
country	The Šiauliai Biomass Power Plant is a biomass combined heat and power plant in Šiauliai, Lithuania.	Šiauliai Biomass Power Plant	Lithuania
country	The Goldene Aue (German: ``golden shire'') is a valley in eastern Germany, in the states Thuringia and Saxony-Anhalt.	Goldene Aue	Germany
country	Mouloudia Club d'Oran (Arabic: نادي مولودية وهران‎, Arabic pronunciation: (Nādi Mûlûdiyyat Wahrān)), referred to as MC Oran or MCO for short, also known as Mouloudia d'Oran, is a football club based in Oran, Algeria.	MC Oran	Algeria
country	Ponte Galeria is a zona (suburban administrative area) in the comune of Rome, Italy.	Ponte Galeria	Italy
country	Mount Samat National Shrine (Tagalog pronunciation: (samat)) or Dambana ng Kagitingan (Shrine of Valour) is a historical shrine located near the summit of Mount Samat in the town of Pilár, Province of Bataan, in the Republic of the Philippines.	Mount Samat National Shrine	Philippines
country	Kungshatt is a small island in Lake Mälaren, Stockholm, Sweden.	Kungshatt	Sweden
country	Uthman Mosque (also known as 'Othman' Mosque or 'Mosquée de Othmane') is a mosque for Muslims of all traditions and ethnic groups inaugurated on 1 April 2006 in Villeurbanne, France, near Lyon.	Uthman Mosque	France
country	Kislovodsk (Russian: Кислово́дск, lit. sour waters) is a spa city in Stavropol Krai, Russia, in the North Caucasus region of Russia which is located between the Black and Caspian Seas.	Kislovodsk	Russia
country	Kakul is a town situated in the Kakul Valley at an elevation of 1300 metres, 5 km northeast of Abbottabad city near the Thandiani Hills, in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Kakul	Pakistan
country	International School São Lourenço (ISSL) is an international school located in Almancil in Algarve, Portugal.	International School São Lourenço	Portugal
country	Laj Chimel or Chimel is a community located in the cloud forest of the municipality of San Miguel Uspantán, Department of El Quiché, Guatemala.	Laj Chimel	Guatemala
country	The Garafiri Dam is an embankment dam on the Konkouré River which forms the boundary between the Kindia and Mamou Regions of Guinea.	Garafiri Dam	Guinea
country	Karikkakom Sree Chamundi Devi Temple or Karikkakom Devi Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Goddess Chamundi located in Thiruvananthapuram, India.	Karikkakom Devi Temple	India
country	The Takao Railway Museum (Chinese: 打狗鐵道故事館; pinyin: Dǎgǒu Tiědào Gùshìguǎn) is a museum in Gushan District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Takao Railway Museum	Taiwan
country	El Plateado de Joaquín Amaro or Joaquín Amaro, also known as El Plateado and as General Joaquín Amaro, is a community in Zacatecas, Mexico, located 105 km SW of Zacatecas City.	El Plateado de Joaquín Amaro	Mexico
country	Croajingolong National Park, with the adjoining Nadgee Nature Reserve in New South Wales, forms one of only twelve World Biosphere areas in Australia.	Croajingolong National Park	Australia
country	New York University Abu Dhabi (NYUAD, Arabic: جامعة نيويورك أبوظبي‎) is a degree-granting liberal arts and research university, located in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.	New York University Abu Dhabi	United Arab Emirates
country	Krzepiszyn (kʂɛˈpiʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Krzepiszyn	Poland
country	Cuetlajuchitlán is a mesoamerican archaeological site located 3 kilometers southeast of Paso Morelos, northeast of the State Guerrero, Mexico.	Cuetlajuchitlán	Mexico
country	The Westeinderplassen (``West End Lakes'') are a complex of lakes belonging mostly to the territory of Aalsmeer, Netherlands.	Westeinderplassen	Netherlands
country	Bussy-Saint-Georges (pronounced: (bysi sɛ̃ ʒɔʁʒ)) is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Bussy-Saint-Georges	France
country	Belharat Rural District (Persian: دهستان بلهرات‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Belharat Rural District	Iran
country	Pol-ka Producciones is a television and film production company in Buenos Aires, Argentina, commonly referred to as Pol-ka.	Pol-ka	Argentina
country	Tiswadi or Ilhas de Goa (Islands of Goa) is a taluka of North Goa district in the state of Goa, India.	Tiswadi	India
country	Veintiséis de Octubre District is one of the districts of the province Piura in Peru.	Veintiséis de Octubre District	Peru
country	Hoveysh (Persian: حويش‎, also Romanized as Ḩoveysh; also known as Khvīsh) is a village in Karkheh Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hoveysh	Iran
country	Imeni Tairova is a neighbourhood in the Yerevan Province of Armenia.	Imeni Tairova	Armenia
country	San Mango Piemonte is a village and comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of southern Italy.	San Mango Piemonte	Italy
country	Traralgon is a city located in the east of the Latrobe Valley in the Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.	Traralgon	Australia
country	Dizaj-e Hatam Khan (Persian: ديزج حاتمخان‎, also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Ḩātam Khān) is a village in Hajjilar-e Jonubi Rural District, Hajjilar District, Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dizaj-e Hatam Khan	Iran
country	In 1794 it was at St. Thomas Manor that John Carroll was invested in his robes as the first Catholic bishop of the United States of America, after the nation gained independence in the Revolutionary War.	St. Thomas Manor	United States of America
country	Nerkin Sasnashen (Armenian: Ներքին Սասնաշեն); formerly known as Nerkin Karakoymaz and Nerkin Sasunashen, is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Nerkin Sasnashen	Armenia
country	Er-Rich is a town in Midelt Province, Meknès-Tafilalet Region, Morocco.	Er-Rich	Morocco
country	The Mahale Mountains are a mountain range in western Tanzania, on the eastern shore of Lake Tanganyika.	Mahale Mountains	Tanzania
country	Napęków (naˈpɛŋkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Napęków	Poland
country	Medicinal Plants Orito Ingi-Ande Flora Sanctuary (Spanish: Santuario de Flora Plantas Medicinales Orito Ingi-Ande) is the newest protected area in Colombia.	Medicinal Plants Orito Ingi-Ande Flora Sanctuary	Colombia
country	Treetops Hotel is a hotel in Aberdare National Park in Kenya near the township of Nyeri, 1,966 m (6,450 ft) above sea level on the Aberdare Range and in sight of Mount Kenya.	Treetops Hotel	Kenya
country	The Waitomo Caves is a village and solutional cave system forming a major tourist attraction in the northern King Country region of the North Island of New Zealand, 12 kilometres northwest of Te Kuiti.	Waitomo Caves	New Zealand
country	The Kuran Islands (Kepulauan Kuran) are an island group of small scattered islands off the southwestern coast of Yapen Island, Cenderawasih Bay, eastern Indonesia off the northern coast of New Guinea.	Kuran Islands	Indonesia
country	The Christian Popular Union (Unione Popolare Cristiana, UPC) is a Christian-democratic political party, based in Sardinia, Italy.	Christian Popular Union	Italy
country	Wigram Aerodrome (ICAO: NZWG) is a former Royal New Zealand Air Force base located in the Christchurch suburb of Wigram.	Wigram Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	Jeseydan (Persian: جسيدان‎, also Romanized as Jeseydān) is a village in Kurka Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jeseydan	Iran
country	Telul eth-Thalathat is an archaeological site located 40 miles (64 km) west of Mosul and just east of Tal Afar in Nineveh Province (Iraq).	Telul eth-Thalathat	Iraq
country	Sibut (pronounced: (sibut)), formerly Fort Sibut (French: Fort-Sibut) is the capital of Kémo, one of the 14 prefectures of the Central African Republic.	Sibut	Central African Republic
country	Mackenzie West is a former territorial electoral district, that elected Members to the Northwest Territories Legislative Assembly in Canada.	Mackenzie West	Canada
country	Muhabran (pronounced (ˈmuːxabɾan)) is a small dispersed settlement just south of Šentlovrenc in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Muhabran	Slovenia
country	Bnei Atarot (Hebrew: בְּנֵי עֲטָרוֹת, lit. Sons of Atarot) is a moshav in central Israel.	Bnei Atarot	Israel
country	Killiniq Island (English: ice floes) is a small, remote island in northeastern Canada.	Killiniq Island	Canada
country	Torbenfeldt Castle is a manor house located 15 km south-west of Holbæk on the island of Zealand in eastern Denmark.	Torbenfeldt	Denmark
country	The Brindabella Range, commonly called The Brindabellas, is a mountain range located in Australia, on a state and territory border that separates New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory (ACT).	Brindabella Range	Australia
country	The Druid Order is a contemporary druidry group in the United Kingdom.	The Druid Order	United Kingdom
country	Grčić (Serbian: Грчић) is a village in Serbia.	Grčić	Serbia
country	The Misgav Regional Council (Hebrew: מועצה אזורית משגב‎, Mo'atza Azorit Misgav ISO 259-3 Moˁaça ʔazorit Miśgabb) is a regional council in the Galilee region in northern Israel.	Misgav Regional Council	Israel
country	The Rías Baixas (Galician for ``Lower Rias'') are a series of four estuarine inlets located on the southwestern coast of Galicia, Spain.	Rías Baixas	Spain
country	Otakiri School is a primary school located just outside the town of Edgecumbe, New Zealand.	Otakiri School	New Zealand
country	Karis (Swedish pronunciation: (kɑːrɪs); Finnish: Karjaa, pronounced (ˈkɑrjɑː)) is a former Finnish town and Finnish municipality in Finland.	Karis	Finland
country	Hathazari Airfield is a former wartime United States Army Air Forces airfield in Bangladesh used during the Burma Campaign 1944-1945.	Hathazari Airfield	Bangladesh
country	Coimbatore International Airport (IATA: CJB, ICAO: VOCB) is the primary airport serving the city of Coimbatore in South India.	Coimbatore International Airport	India
country	Veľká Fatra (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈʋeʎkaː ˈfatra); also Great Fatra or Greater Fatra) is a mountain range in the Western Carpathians in Slovakia.	Veľká Fatra	Slovakia
country	Tenglo Island is separated from Puerto Montt by the Tenglo Channel in Reloncaví Sound, Los Lagos Region, Chile.	Tenglo Island	Chile
country	Bait Bakhtiari is a small village located in the Punjab province of Pakistan, 11 km (6.8 mi) from Uch Sharif, Bahawalpur.	Bait Bakhtiari	Pakistan
country	Tour Europlaza (previously known as tour Septentrion) is an office skyscraper located in La Défense business district situated west of Paris, France.	Tour Europlaza	France
country	The Hambantota Solar Power Station (also known as the Buruthakanda Solar Park) is the first commercial-scale solar power station in Sri Lanka.	Hambantota Solar Power Station	Sri Lanka
country	Orkanger is a city and a former municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Orkanger	Norway
country	Saint-Affrique (Occitan: Sant Africa) is a commune in the Aveyron department in Southern France.	Saint-Affrique	France
country	German submarine U-1195 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine.	German submarine U-1195	Nazi Germany
country	McDougall Falls is a waterfall on the Murtle River in Wells Gray Provincial Park, east-central British Columbia, Canada.	McDougall Falls	Canada
country	Zigerbergkopf is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps with a height of 2,051 metres (6,729 ft).	Zigerbergkopf	Liechtenstein	Austria
country	Bizhbulyaksky District (Russian: Бижбуля́кский райо́н; Bashkir: Бишбүләк районы; Chuvash: Пишпӳлек районĕ; Tatar: Бишбүләк районы) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the fifty-four in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.	Bizhbulyaksky District	Russia
country	The Taiyuan Satellite Launch Center (TSLC) also known as Base 25 (Chinese: 二十五基地), is a People's Republic of China space and defence launch facility (spaceport).	Taiyuan Satellite Launch Center	People's Republic of China
country	The Flinders Street Viaduct is a railway bridge in Melbourne, Australia.	Flinders Street Viaduct	Australia
country	Kafr Nabudah (Arabic: كفر نبودة‎, also spelled Kafar Nabuda) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located northwest of Hama.	Kafr Nabudah	Syria
country	Nettuno is a town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Lazio region of central Italy, 60 kilometres (37 miles) south of Rome.	Nettuno	Italy
country	Göbler-Hirthmotoren GmbH is an aircraft engine manufacturer based in Benningen, Germany.	Hirth	Germany
country	Turun Urheiluliitto (TuUL) is a sports club from Turku, Finland that was founded in 1901.	Turun Urheiluliitto	Finland
country	El Barco Lake (Laguna El Barco or Lago El Barco) is a lake in the Bío Bío Region of Chile, near the Callaqui stratovolcano.	El Barco Lake	Chile
country	Gorumara National Park (Pron: ˌgɔ:rʊˈmɑ:rə) (Bengali: গরুমারা জাতীয় উদ্যান Gorumara Jatio Uddan) is a National Park in northern West Bengal, India.	Gorumara National Park	India
country	Jablanac is a village in Lika-Senj County, Croatia, located on the Adriatic Sea underneath the Velebit mountain, overlooking the island of Rab.	Jablanac	Croatia
country	Yoshkar-Ola Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Йошкар-Ола) (IATA: JOK, ICAO: UWKJ) is an airport in Mari El Republic, Russia located 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) north of Yoshkar-Ola and 800 kilometres (500 mi) from Moscow Domodedovo Airport (DME).	Yoshkar-Ola Airport	Russia
country	Badin (Sindhi: بدين‎ Urdu: بدین‎) is the main city and capital of Badin District in Sindh, Pakistan.	Badin	Pakistan
country	The Communist Party of Byelorussia (Russian: Коммунистическая партия Белоруссии, Belarusian: Камуністычная партыя Беларусі), known as Communist Party (bolsheviks) of Byelorussia (Russian: Коммунистическая партия (большевиков) Белоруссии) until 1952, was a communist party in Belarus 1918-1991, created following the Russian Revolution of 1917.	Communist Party of Byelorussia	Belarus
country	Boughrara (Tunisian Arabic: بوغرارة‎) is a coastal town in central-eastern Tunisia.	Boughrara	Tunisia
country	The Große Kulmke is one of the two headstreams of the Kulmke in central Germany.	Große Kulmke	Germany
country	Oude IJssel (Dutch), literally old IJssel, or Issel (German) is a river in Germany and the Netherlands approximately 80 km long.	Oude IJssel	Germany	Netherlands
country	The Rouen Castle is a historical castle of the town in Rouen, capital of the duchy of Normandy, now in France.	Rouen Castle	France
country	Požnica (pronounced (ˈpoːʒnitsa)) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Požnica	Slovenia
country	Pavullo nel Frignano is a town and comune in the province of Modena, Emilia-Romagna, Italy, in the Modenese Apeninnes.	Pavullo nel Frignano	Italy
country	Mannur is a village and gram panchayat in the Palakkad district, state of Kerala, India.	Mannur	India
country	Garden Reach is a neighbourhood of Kolkata in West Bengal, India.	Garden Reach	India
country	Sloboda-Bushanska (Ukrainian: Слобода-Бушанська) is an urban-type settlement in Vinnytsia Oblast, Ukraine located at 48°21N 28°05E.	Sloboda-Bushanska	Ukraine
country	Apart from Spain, Enagás has presence in Mexico, Perú, Chile, Sweden and in the Trans Adriatic Pipeline (TAP) European project.	Enagás	Spain
country	The Independent Regionalist Party (Spanish: Partido Regionalista Independiente, PRI) is a centrist political party in Chile.	Independent Regionalist Party	Chile
country	The Commission for Health Improvement (CHI) was a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department of Health of the United Kingdom from 2001 until 2004, when its functions were subsumed by the Healthcare Commission.	Commission for Health Improvement	United Kingdom
country	Mount Talang (Indonesian: Gunung Talang) (2,597 m) is an active stratovolcano in West Sumatra, Indonesia.	Mount Talang	Indonesia
country	Fremantle District Cricket Club is a cricket club which competes in the Western Australian Grade Cricket competition, the highest level of club cricket in Western Australia.	Fremantle District Cricket Club	Australia
country	Ilioupoli (Greek: Ηλιούπολη, lit. ``Sun City'') is a suburban municipality in the southeastern part of the Athens metropolitan area, Greece.	Ilioupoli	Greece
country	Montbau is a neighborhood in the Horta-Guinardó district of the city of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Montbau	Spain
country	Moravška Gora (German: Moräutschberg) is a settlement immediately north of Gabrovka in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Moravška Gora	Slovenia
country	Vallen Castle is in Våxtorp in the county of Halland, Sweden.	Vallen Castle	Sweden
country	The Meesenkopf, also called the Mesenkopf, is a hill in the Wiehen range, south of the town of Lübbecke in Northern Germany.	Meesenkopf	Germany
country	Dahlerups Pakhus (English: Dahlerup Warehouse), originally known as Pakhus 1 (English: Warehouse 1), is a former Warehouse situated on the west side of the Langelinie Pier, opposite the Middle Pier, in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Dahlerups Pakhus	Denmark
country	Shivkhori is a famous cave shrine of Hindus devoted to lord Shiva, situated in the Reasi district of Jammu and Kashmir state in India.	Shivkhori	India
country	The Madrid Royal Conservatory (Spanish: Real Conservatorio Superior de Música de Madrid) is a music college in Madrid, Spain.	Madrid Royal Conservatory	Spain
country	Amirabad-e Now (Persian: اميرابادنو‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Now and Amīrābād Now; also known as Amīnābād-e Now, Amīrābād, and Amīrābād-e Kohneh) is a village in Sagezabad Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Amirabad-e Now	Iran
country	Górecko Stare (ɡuˈrɛt͡skɔ ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Górecko Stare	Poland
country	Daleq Tappeh (Persian: دالق تپه‎, also Romanized as Dāleq Tappeh; also known as Deleq Tappeh) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Daleq Tappeh	Iran
country	Jalan Malioboro (English: Malioboro Street) is a major shopping street in Yogyakarta, Indonesia; the name is also used more generally for the neighborhood around the street.	Jalan Malioboro	Indonesia
country	The Citizens' Convergence (Convergencia Ciudadana) is a progressive political party in Colombia.	Citizens' Convergence	Colombia
country	Belyov (Russian: Белёв) is a town and the administrative center of Belyovsky District in Tula Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Oka River.	Belyov	Russia
country	Prem Nagar railway station (Urdu: پریم نگر ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Prem Nagar village, Kasur district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Prem Nagar railway station	Pakistan
country	Berezniaky (Ukrainian: Березняки) is a historical neighbourhood, on the left bank of Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	Berezniaky	Ukraine
country	Selice (in Slovak; Seleuch in German, Sókszelőce in Hungarian, Šókselécéňa or Šóka in Romani) is a village and municipality in Šaľa District, in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Selice	Slovakia
country	Kurentovanje is one of Slovenia's most popular and ethnologically significant carnival events.	Kurentovanje	Slovenia
country	The Four Mile River, also called the Tiropahi River, is a river in the Buller District of New Zealand.	Four Mile River	New Zealand
country	The Mosul Museum is the second largest museum in Iraq after the National Museum of Iraq in Baghdad.	Mosul Museum	Iraq
country	Tiruvirkolam (also Cooum) is an ancient temple town on the banks of the Koovam River in Tamil Nadu, India.	Tiruvirkolam	India
country	Čeplez (pronounced (ˈtʃeːplɛs)) is a small settlement in the hills east of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Čeplez	Slovenia
country	Svay Don Kêv is a small town in Moung Ruessei District in Battambang Province, central-western Cambodia.	Svay Don Kêv	Cambodia
country	The Prime Minister of Zimbabwe-Rhodesia was a short-lived office in Zimbabwe-Rhodesia.	Prime Minister of Zimbabwe	Zimbabwe-Rhodesia
country	Əlməkolu (also, Almagovlu and Almakuyuly) is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əlməkolu	Azerbaijan
country	Navi Mumbai International Airport is a proposed greenfield international airport, to be built in the Kopar-Panvel area of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region in India.	Navi Mumbai International Airport	India
country	Primera Plana was a weekly glossy political, cultural and current affairs magazine published in Buenos Aires, Argentina, between 1962 to 1973.	Primera Plana	Argentina
country	The National Polytechnic School (Spanish: Escuela Politécnica Nacional), also known as EPN, is a public university in Quito, Ecuador.	National Polytechnic School	Ecuador
country	Sycowice (sɨt͡sɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwieńsk, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Sycowice	Poland
country	Amukhanzi-ye Olya (Persian: عموخانزي عليا‎, also Romanized as ``Amūkhānzī-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 90, in 21 families.	Amukhanzi-ye Olya	Iran
country	Kyurdamir Air Base is a military airbase in Kyurdamir (also known as Kurdamir or Kürdəmir (Кюрдамир)), the capital of the Kurdamir district (rayon) in Azerbaijan.	Kyurdamir Air Base	Azerbaijan
country	Quchali (Persian: قوچعلي‎, also Romanized as Qūch``alī) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 145, in 27 families.	Quchali	Iran
country	Tamatea High School is a state secondary co-educational school located in Napier, New Zealand.	Tamatea High School	New Zealand
country	Palaichori (Greek: Παλαιχώρι) is a village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus on the E 903 road.	Palaichori	Cyprus
country	Écully is a commune in the Metropolis of Lyon in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France just west of Lyon.	Écully	France
country	Badgall (Cornish: Bos Galla, meaning Calla's dwelling) is a hamlet in the parish of Laneast, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Badgall	United Kingdom
country	Guils de Cerdanya is a municipality in the comarca of Cerdanya, province of Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	Guils de Cerdanya	Spain
country	The Marshalleck Stadium is a football stadium which is located in Benque Viejo Town, Belize.	Marshalleck Stadium	Belize
country	Hanoi University of Science and Technology (Abbreviated as HUST; Vietnamese: Đại học Bách khoa Hà Nội, ``Hanoi University of Technology (HUT)''), founded 1956, is the first and largest technical university in Vietnam.	Hanoi University of Science and Technology	Vietnam
country	Gałkowice Stare (ɡau̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gałkowice Stare	Poland
country	Tréguier (Breton: Landreger) is a port town in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Tréguier	France
country	John Rennie High School (JRHS), located in Pointe-Claire, Quebec, Canada, is an English language secondary school which opened in 1955.	John Rennie High School	Canada
country	Museum de Speeltoren is a museum in Monnickendam, North Holland, in the Netherlands.	Museum de Speeltoren	Netherlands
country	Šavnik (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Шавник, pronounced (ʃǎv̞niːk)) is a small town in Montenegro, on the Šavnik River.	Šavnik	Montenegro
country	Laitumkhrah (Khasi: lait meaning ``free'' and umkhrah which is the name of a river Umkhrah) is a census town in Shillong, Meghalaya, India.	Laitumkhrah	India
country	Austur-Skaftafellssýsla was a county of Iceland, located in the Eastern Region of the country.	Austur-Skaftafellssýsla	Iceland
country	Medlog (pronounced (ˈmeːdlɔk)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	Medlog	Slovenia
country	The Orang Asli Museum is a museum in Gombak, Selangor, Malaysia that showcases the history and tradition of the indigenous Orang Asli people.	Orang Asli Museum	Malaysia
country	Junqan (Persian: جونقان‎, also Romanized as Jūnqān, Jūnaqān, Jūneqān, and Jūnoqān; also known as Jooneghan) is a city in the Central District of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Junqan	Iran
country	Akbarabad-e Nivesht (Persian: اكبرابادنيوشت‎, also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Nīvesht; also known as Akbarābād) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Akbarabad-e Nivesht	Iran
country	Altagène (Altaghjè pronounced (al.ta.ˈɟe) in Corsican) is a French commune in the Corse-du-Sud department in the Corsica region of France.	Altagène	France
country	The Brampton Jail, also known as the Peel County Jail, is located in the city of Brampton, Ontario, Canada at the intersection of Wellington and Main Streets.	Brampton Jail	Canada
country	Häverö Church (Swedish: Häverö kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Stockholm County, Sweden.	Häverö Church	Sweden
country	Nowy Korczyn (ˈnɔvɨ ˈkɔrt͡ʂɨn) is a village in Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Nowy Korczyn	Poland
country	Gradara is a town and comune in the Province of Pesaro e Urbino (PU), in the region of Marche in central Italy.	Gradara	Italy
country	Zhashkiv (Ukrainian: Жашків; Russian: Жашков, tr. Zhashkov; IPA: (ˈʐaʂkəf)) is a city in Cherkasy Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Zhashkiv	Ukraine
country	PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv (Bulgarian: ПФК Локомотив Пловдив) is a Bulgarian football club from the city of Plovdiv, which competes in Bulgaria's top football league, the A Group.	PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv	Bulgaria
country	Torbehgudeh (Persian: تربه گوده‎, also Romanized as Torbehgūdeh; also known as Nazbagūdeh, Torbehkūdeh, and Torobgūdeh) is a village in Licharegi-ye Hasan Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Torbehgudeh	Iran
country	The Westerbork Synthesis Radio Telescope (WSRT) is an aperture synthesis interferometer near camp Westerbork, north of the village of Westerbork, Midden-Drenthe, in the northeastern Netherlands.	Westerbork Synthesis Radio Telescope	Netherlands
country	Rangipo Desert is a barren desert-like environment in New Zealand, located in the Ruapehu District on the North Island Volcanic Plateau; to the east of the three active peaks of Mount Tongariro, Mount Ngauruhoe, and Mount Ruapehu, and to the west of the Kaimanawa Range.	Rangipo Desert	New Zealand
country	Taungoo District (Taungngu, Toungoo, Burmese: တောင်ငူခရိုင်) is a district of the Bago Division in central Burma (Myanmar).	Taungoo District	Myanmar
country	Otívar is a municipality located at 267.80 metres above sea level in the Province of Granada, Spain.	Otívar	Spain
country	South Pagai (Indonesian: Pagai Selatan) is one of the Mentawai Islands off the west coast of Sumatra in Indonesia.	South Pagai	Indonesia
country	Forum The Shopping Mall (Chinese: 福临购物中心, Tamil: பாரம் அங்காடி ) is a shopping mall on Singapore's main shopping belt, Orchard Road.	Forum The Shopping Mall	Singapore
country	Tramaced is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Tramaced	Spain
country	Saint-Mathieu-de-Beloeil Aerodrome, (TC LID: CSB3), is located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) northwest of Saint-Mathieu-de-Beloeil, Quebec, Canada.	Saint-Mathieu-de-Beloeil Aerodrome	Canada
country	Siemyśl (ˈɕemɨɕl) (German Simötzel) is a village in Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Siemyśl	Poland
country	67 Spencer Street is the former head offices of the Victorian Railways, located on Spencer Street, Melbourne, Australia.	67 Spencer Street	Australia
country	Rasheedabad (Urdu: رشيد آباد ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Baldia Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Rasheedabad	Pakistan
country	Nova Ushytsia (Ukrainian: Нова Ушиця) is an urban-type settlement in the Khmelnytskyi Oblast of western Ukraine.	Nova Ushytsia	Ukraine
country	Tepanje (pronounced (ˈteːpanjɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Slovenske Konjice in eastern Slovenia.	Tepanje	Slovenia
country	Rażny (ˈraʐnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rażny	Poland
country	The Canton of Cherbourg-Octeville-Sud-Ouest in France was situated in the department of Manche and the region of Basse-Normandie.	Canton of Cherbourg-Octeville-Sud-Ouest	France
country	Wat Chetawan (Thai: วัดเชตวัน) is the famous Buddhist Thai temple complex in Klang Valley, Malaysia.	Wat Chetawan	Malaysia
country	R.B. Govt. High School (Bengali: রামদেও বাজলা সরকারি উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়, also known as zila school or Bazla School) is a Govt. high school in Joypurhat, a city in Bangladesh.	R.B. Govt. High School	Bangladesh
country	Long Forest Nature Conservation Reserve is a 600 hectare reserve situated 50 kilometres to the west of Melbourne, between Melton and Bacchus Marsh in Victoria, Australia.	Long Forest Nature Conservation Reserve	Australia
country	Krosna is a town in Lazdijai district municipality in eastern Lithuania, located 18 km away from Lazdijai.	Krosna	Lithuania
country	Palamuse is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Jõgeva County, Estonia, located about 12 km (7 mi) southeast of the town of Jõgeva.	Palamuse	Estonia
country	Sampierdarena (also Sampiardarena; Ligurian: San Pè d'ænn-a) is a major port and industrial area of Genoa, in northwest Italy.	Sampierdarena	Italy
country	Mulhe (pronounced (ˈmuːlxɛ)) is a small settlement in the Sava Hills (Slovene: Posavsko hribovje) in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.	Mulhe	Slovenia
country	The University of the Holy Quran and Islamic Sciences is a university in the state of Khartoum, Sudan.	University of the Holy Quran and Islamic Sciences	Sudan
country	Kinuso is a hamlet in northern Alberta, Canada within Big Lakes County, and surrounded by the Swan River First Nation reserve.	Kinuso	Canada
country	Wronki (ˈvrɔŋki) (German: Wronke) is a town in the Szamotuły County, western-central Poland, situated in the Greater Poland Voivodeship (since 1999), previously in Piła Voivodeship (1975--1998).	Wronki	Poland
country	The Medieval Market of Turku (Finnish: Turun keskiaikaiset markkinat, Swedish: Åbo medeltidsmarknad) is an annual historical reenactment event organised in the historic city centre of Turku, Finland.	Medieval Market of Turku	Finland
country	Zichem is a village in Belgium, part of the municipality Scherpenheuvel-Zichem.	Zichem	Belgium
country of citizenship	Daeng Parani (died ca. 1726) was one of the five Bugis brothers from Makassar, Sulawesi, who established political dominance over the royal houses of Peninsular Malaysia.	Daeng Parani	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Frank W. Stahnisch is a historian of medicine and neuroscience at the University of Calgary in Canada, where he holds the endowed Alberta Medical Foundation/Hannah Professorship in the History of Medicine and Health Care.	Frank W. Stahnisch	Canada
country of citizenship	Lennart Koskinen (born November 12, 1944 in Helsinki), is a clergyman in the Church of Sweden, serving as Bishop in Visby.	Lennart Koskinen	Sweden
country of citizenship	Aroti Dutt (1924--2003) was a social worker from India of International repute .	Aroti Dutt	India
country of citizenship	Jens Peter Hansen, alternatively spelled Jens Peder Hansen (15 March 1927 -- 16 November 1996) was a Danish amateur football (soccer) player, who played 465 games and scored 150 goals for Esbjerg fB in Denmark.	Jens Peter Hansen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Pavel Huťka (born 28 February 1949) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic who competed for Czechoslovakia, and is now a tennis trainer.	Pavel Huťka	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Erik Guay (born August 5, 1981) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from Canada.	Erik Guay	Canada
country of citizenship	Roberto Cueva del Río (born April 28, 1908 in Puebla City, Mexico as Rodolfo Roberto De La Cueva Del Río) was a Mexican muralist.	Roberto Cueva del Río	Mexico
country of citizenship	Leono (Born September 18, 1982 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico) is a Mexican luchador, or professional wrestler currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) portraying a tecnico (``Good guy'') wrestling character.	Leono	Mexico
country of citizenship	Beata Szalwinska (Polish: Beata Szałwińska), is a Polish pianist, known for her classical music concerts in Poland, Germany, Belgium, Denmark, France, Luxembourg, and Switzerland living since 1999 in Luxembourg.	Beata Szalwinska	Poland
country of citizenship	Svenja Huth (born 25 January 1991) is a German footballer, currently playing for Turbine Potsdam and the Germany women's national football team.	Svenja Huth	Germany
country of citizenship	Manuel José Luís Bucuane (born 16 August 1973 in Lourenço Marques (now Maputo)), best known as Tico-Tico, is a Mozambican football striker who plays for Desportivo de Maputo in Mozambique.	Tico-Tico	Mozambique
country of citizenship	Masooma Junaid Farooqi known as Masooma Junaid (born 21 November 1989) is an international cricketer from Pakistan.	Masooma Junaid	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Rubén Noceda (born 11 May 1931 in Asunción -- 8 April 2007) is a former football goalkeeper from Paraguay.	Rubén Noceda	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Martyn LeNoble (Dutch: Martijn LeNoble; born 14 April 1969, Vlaardingen, The Netherlands) is a Dutch bassist and a founding member of Porno for Pyros.	Martyn LeNoble	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Mimi Belete Gebregeiorges (born 9 June 1988) is an Ethiopian middle- and long-distance runner who competes internationally for Bahrain.	Mimi Belete	Bahrain
country of citizenship	Dave Dederer (born October 5, 1964) is an American guitarist and singer best known as a member of the 2x GRAMMY-nominated, multi-platinum-selling musical group The Presidents of the United States of America,.	Dave Dederer	United States of America
country of citizenship	Emelie Öhrstig, born 27 February 1978 in Borås, Sweden, is a Swedish cross-country skier and road racing cyclist.	Emelie Öhrstig	Sweden
country of citizenship	Harald Fairhair (Old Norse: Haraldr Hárfagri, Norwegian: Harald Hårfagre; c. 850 -- c. 932) is remembered by medieval historians as the first King of Norway.	Harald Fairhair	Norway
country of citizenship	Sean O'Malley (born 4 June 1992), most commonly known by his stage name Seán Óg (meaning Young Seán), is a singer and musician from Milltown Malbay, County Clare, Ireland.	Seán Óg	Ireland
country of citizenship	John Bosworth (May 1836 -- 27 September 1917) was a politician in the early days of the Colony of South Australia.	John Bosworth	Australia
country of citizenship	Zenon Nowosz (born 6 February 1944 in Warsaw) is a Polish sprinter who participated in world athletics for Poland in the late 1960s and 1970s.	Zenon Nowosz	Poland
country of citizenship	David MacNish (c. 1807 -- 10 April 1863) was a New Zealand interpreter, labourer, bricklayer, farmer and Pākehā Māori.	David MacNish	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nic Chagall (born Claus Terhoeven; 10 November 1972 in Krefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany) is a German trance music producer and DJ best known for being one half of the German trance duo Cosmic Gate.	Nic Chagall	Germany
country of citizenship	James Munro Bertram (11 August 1910 -- 24 August 1993) was a New Zealand Rhodes scholar, a journalist, writer, relief worker, prisoner of war and a university professor.	James Munro Bertram	New Zealand
country of citizenship	In J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth legendarium, Dúnhere was the lord of Harrowdale in Rohan (Middle-earth) and Chieftain of the folk of Dunharrow.	Dúnhere	Rohan
country of citizenship	www.naqqialikhan.com Early life and background Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan was born in Kasur a small town near Lahore the Punjab province in British India after partition, Kasur became a part of Pakistan.	Bade Ghulam Ali Khan	India
country of citizenship	Fanny Osborne (née Malcolm, 29 January 1852 -- 12 March 1934) was a prominent New Zealand artist.	Fanny Osborne	New Zealand
country of citizenship	John Anastasiadis (born 13 August 1968 in Melbourne, Australia) is a former Australian football (soccer) player of Greek background.	John Anastasiadis	Australia
country of citizenship	Xie Shiguang (謝士光) was a bishop of People's Republic of China's underground Roman Catholic Church.	Xie Shiguang	China
country of citizenship	Henry Edward Hickmott was born at Mount Barker in South Australia on 17 May 1853, the only son of Henry Hickmott (1825--1914) and Sophia Goldsmith (1828--1853).	Henry Hickmott	Australia
country of citizenship	Joseph-Alfred Mongrain was a politician from Quebec, Canada.	Joseph-Alfred Mongrain	Canada
country of citizenship	Hone Pihama Te Rei Hanataua (?--1890) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader, assessor, coach proprietor, hotel proprietor and land developer.	Hone Pihama Te Rei Hanataua	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Daniel Valenzuela (born May 5, 1956 in Misiones, Argentina), is a prolific film and television actor.	Daniel Valenzuela	Argentina
country of citizenship	Jamie Mathiou (born in Queensland, Australia) is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Jamie Mathiou	Australia
country of citizenship	Mostafa Mahdavikia (born 16 September 1984 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian football player and nephew of Mehdi Mahdavikia.	Mostafa Mahdavikia	Iran
country of citizenship	Florian Homm was born on 7 October in 1959 in Oberursel, Germany.	Florian Homm	Germany
country of citizenship	Ke Zhao or Chao Ko (Chinese: 柯召; pinyin: Kē Zhào; Wade--Giles: K'o Chao, April 12, 1910 -- November 8, 2002) was a Chinese mathematician born in Wenling, Taizhou, Zhejiang, People's Republic of China.	Ke Zhao	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	M. P. Saminathan is the EX-Minister for Highways in Tamil Nadu state of India.	M. P. Saminathan	India
country of citizenship	Joss Fritz (about 1470 - about 1525) was a late fifteenth and early sixteenth century insurgent who lived in Germany.	Joss Fritz	Germany
country of citizenship	Theo Timmer (born 6 March 1949) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from the Netherlands.	Theo Timmer	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Franziska Liebing (6 February 1899 -- 3 January 1993) was a Swedish-born actress who for most of her career was based in West Germany.	Franziska Liebing	Germany
country of citizenship	Mahabal Mishra was a Member of Parliament of India from West Delhi.	Mahabal Mishra	India
country of citizenship	The Blessed Hermann Lange (16. April 1912 -- 10 November 1943) was a Roman Catholic priest and martyr of the Nazi period in Germany.	Hermann Lange	Germany
country of citizenship	Pierluigi Cappello is an Italian poet, born in Gemona del Friuli, Italy, in 1967, and raised in Chiusaforte.	Pierluigi Cappello	Italy
country of citizenship	Angel Brunell (born February 2, 1945 in Tacuarembó, Uruguay) is a former Uruguayan footballer currently playing for clubs of Uruguay, Brazil and Chile.	Angel Brunell	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Bryce Hallett is a Canadian independent animator living and working in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Bryce Hallett	Canada
country of citizenship	Mzé Abdou Soulé Elbak ( pronunciation AHB-doo SOO-lay ehl-BACK born 1954) was president of the autonomous island of Grande Comore in the Comoros from 2002 to 2007.	Abdou Soulé Elbak	Comoros
country of citizenship	Born in Duesseldorf (Germany) as the son of Elisabeth Brüggemann and Karl Grashof, who taught at an upper secondary school, Franz Grashof visited the elementary and lower secondary school in Duesseldorf and the industrial school in Hagen.	Franz Grashof	Germany
country of citizenship	Percy Ronald Stevens (1893--1963) was a notable New Zealand mechanic and radio broadcaster.	Percy Ronald Stevens	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Théo Mey (1912--1964) was a Luxembourg photographer who worked as a photojournalist for various national and foreign newspapers and magazines.	Théo Mey	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Hyun Hee (born October 4, 1976 in Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea) is a retired South Korean épée fencer.	Hyun Hee	South Korea
country of citizenship	Mário Sérgio appeared with Portugal at the 2004 Olympic Games.	Mário Sérgio	Portugal
country of citizenship	Héctor García Ribeyro was a Peruvian politician and businessman born in Lima, Peru on February 16, 1909 and died in Arequipa, Peru on May 12, 1963.	Héctor García Ribeyro	Peru
country of citizenship	Henri Cartier-Bresson was born in Chanteloup-en-Brie, Seine-et-Marne, France, the oldest of five children.	Henri Cartier-Bresson	France
country of citizenship	Alí Manuel Manouchehri Moghadam Kashan Lobos (more commonly known as Alí Manouchehri (Persian: علی مانوئل منوچهری مقدم کاشان لابوس‎‎), born August 2, 1986 in Vienna) is an Iranian-Chilean football player who currently plays for Unión San Felipe in the Primera División de Chile.	Alí Manouchehri	Chile
country of citizenship	Fabian Marcaccio (Born 1963 Rosario, Argentina) is an Argentine-Italian born artist living and working in the United States whose trans-genre works including ``Paintants'' and '``Draftants'' have been exhibited worldwide.	Fabian Marcaccio	Argentina
country of citizenship	Hendra Ridwan (born in Makassar, Indonesia, December 1, 1985) is an Indonesian footballer.	Hendra Ridwan	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Ao Man Long (born in Macau, December 1956) was the first Secretary for Transport and Public Works of the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, from 20 December 1999 to 6 December 2006.	Ao Man Long	Macau
country of citizenship	Arnulf Solvoll (Chinese: 蘇超生, Pinyin: Sū Chāoshēng, born August 28, 1908, date of death unknown) was a Norwegian evangelist and missionary associated with the Pentecostal Movement in Norway.	Arnulf Solvoll	Norway
country of citizenship	Born Friedrich Franz Albert Klein in Bandung, Indonesia, he was known in the Netherlands under the name of Frits Klein and in France under the name of Fred Klein.	Fred Klein	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Anton Gordonoff (3 February 1893 in Russia - 1960s) was a Swiss pharmacologist and toxicologist of Russian origin.	Anton Gordonoff	Russia
country of citizenship	John Henniker-Major, 4th Baron Henniker (3 February 1801 -- 16 April 1870), also 1st Baron Hartismere in the Peerage of the United Kingdom, was a British peer and Member of Parliament.	John Henniker-Major, 4th Baron Henniker	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Crosbie Ward (10 February 1832 -- 10 November 1867) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in Canterbury, New Zealand.	Crosbie Ward	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dr Ranjith Laxman Wijayawardana (Sinhala:රංජිත් ලක්ෂ්මන් විජේවර්ධන) (born 15 January 1955) is a Sri Lankan physicist and the Chairman of Atomic Energy Authority (AEA) of Sri Lanka.	Ranjith Laxman Wijayawardana	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Hong Khaou was born in Cambodia, but his family moved to the United Kingdom in the 1980s as political refugees.	Hong Khaou	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Banarasidas (Hindi: बनारसीदास) (b. Jaunpur 1586-1643) was a Shrimal Jain businessman and poet of Mughal India.	Banarasidas	India
country of citizenship	Rajmohan Pillai was born in Kollam, Kerala, South India, and educated in the state capital Trivandrum.	Rajmohan Pillai	India
country of citizenship	Okkyung Lee (born 1975 in Daejeon, South Korea) is a South Korean cellist, improviser, and composer.	Okkyung Lee	South Korea
country of citizenship	Shobha Fadnavis is a member of Maharashtra Legislative Council and a former minister in Government of Maharashtra in India.	Shobha Fadnavis	India
country of citizenship	Kia Joorabchian was born in Tehran, Iran, the son of Iranian car-dealer businessman, Mohammed Joorabchian.	Kia Joorabchian	Iran
country of citizenship	Monique Fessl has a master's degree in Astrophysics at the Karl Franzens University Graz, Austria, and a degree for media- and interaction design at the University of Applied Sciences Joanneum Graz.	Monique Fessl	Austria
country of citizenship	MzVee is signed to the award-winning record label Lynx Entertainment and was the winner of the New Artiste of the Year award at the 2015 Ghana Music Awards.	MzVee	Ghana
country of citizenship	Nicolaus Hinrich Rieman (d. 1759) was an architect and master builder in Denmark during the 1700s.	Nicolaus Hinrich Rieman	Denmark
country of citizenship	Alex Sylvester Lindsay (28 May 1919--5 December 1974) was a New Zealand violinist, conductor and orchestra leader.	Alex Sylvester Lindsay	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Anni Frind (2 February 1900 - 7 April 1987) was one of the most highly recorded lyric sopranos in Germany during the 1920s and 30s.	Anni Frind	Germany
country of citizenship	Ransford Osei (born 5 December 1990) is a professional footballer, who plays as a striker for Asante Kotoko and the Ghana national football team.	Ransford Osei	Ghana
country of citizenship	Gary Osborne (born in London) is an English singer and songwriter from the United Kingdom.	Gary Osborne	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Sune Eriksson (born 19 March 1939) is a politician who served as the Premier of Åland Islands, an autonomous and unilingually Swedish territory of Finland.	Sune Eriksson	Finland
country of citizenship	Janina Uhse (born 2 October 1989 in Husum, West Germany) is a German Actress.	Janina Uhse	Germany
country of citizenship	María Olivia Pinheiro Menacho (born October 29, 1983) is a Bolivian beauty pageant titleholder and model who was crowned Miss Bolivia 2010, and would have represented her country in the 2011 Miss Universe pageant.	Olivia Pinheiro	Bolivia
country of citizenship	During her biographical research, she found out that Willy Moog's relatives are directly related to the US-American pioneer of synthesizer Robert Moog (whose grandfather came from the region around Marburg in Germany).	Willy Moog	Germany
country of citizenship	Ricardo Rossel was born in Lima to the French immigrant Eugenio Rossel, a gentleman from Nîmes, region of Languedoc, who arrived to Peru in 1826, and established one of the first French imports stores in Lima, and Carmen Sirot, a distinguished lady from Lima.	Ricardo Rossel	Peru
country of citizenship	Bhikkhu Jagdish Kashyap was born in 1908 in Ranchi, Bihar, India; he died 28 January 1976.	Jagdish Kashyap	India
country of citizenship	Aakanksha Jachak (born 7 November 1990) is a vocalist from Indore, India.	Aakanksha Jachak	India
country of citizenship	Klemen Kosi (born 19 June 1991 in Maribor) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from Slovenia.	Klemen Kosi	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Imaye Taga was born in the Beta Israel community in Ethiopia and his family emigrated to Israel in 1991 during the Operation Solomon.	Imaye Taga	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Valdemar Borovskij (also known as Valdemaras Borovskis; born 2 May 1984 in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian footballer who currently plays as a right-back for Bulgarian A Football Group side Beroe Stara Zagora and the Lithuania national football team.	Valdemar Borovskij	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Étienne Nivard Saint-Dizier (ca 1766 -- May 16, 1820) was a merchant and political figure in Lower Canada.	Étienne Nivard Saint-Dizier	Canada
country of citizenship	By the end of the 17th century the Republic of Venice was losing ground in its constant diplomatic and military struggle with the Turkish Empire, so there was great need for diplomats such as Carlo Ruzzini who had both the education and the requisite personal fortune to qualify for the diplomatic service.	Carlo Ruzzini	Republic of Venice
country of citizenship	Francisco Menéndez Valdivieso (3 December 1830 -- 22 June 1890) was Provisional President of El Salvador from 22 June 1885 to 1 March 1887, then President of El Salvador from 1 March 1887 until his death on 22 June 1890.	Francisco Menéndez	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Jorge Meyer Long is an Uruguayan diplomat and the current Ambassador of Uruguay to Russia, presenting his credentials to Russian President Vladimir Putin on 13 April 2007.	Jorge Meyer Long	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Satoshi Yagisawa (born 3 April 1975 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese composer.	Satoshi Yagisawa	Japan
country of citizenship	Fredrik Wallumrød (born 21 September 1973 in Kongsberg, Norway) is a Norwegian drummer and composer, known for his collaborations with musicians like Karl Seglem, Trygve Seim, Solveig Slettahjell, Jarle Bernhoft, Lene Marlin, Maria Mena, and the band Span.	Fredrik Wallumrød	Norway
country of citizenship	Thomas William Porter (1843--1920) was a New Zealand soldier and land purchase officer.	Thomas William Porter	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ahmet Koç is a bağlama artist from Turkey.	Ahmet Koç	Turkey
country of citizenship	Gunilla Sköld-Feiler (born 1953), born in Norrköping, Sweden, is a Swedish artist.	Gunilla Sköld-Feiler	Sweden
country of citizenship	Mohammed Chhel was born in 1850 in Ningala, a small village and a railway junction in Gadhada Taluka of Bhavnagar district in Saurashtra, Gujarat (India).	Mohammed Chhel	India
country of citizenship	Hoàng Danh Ngọc (born 3 April 1990) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Left winger for V-League (Vietnam) club Vissai Ninh Binh F.C..	Hoàng Danh Ngọc	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Dissanayake Mudiyanse Ralahamilage Lionel Gamini Dissanayake (known as Gamini Dissanayake; Sinhalese: ලයනල් ගාමිණි දිසානායක,Tamil: காமினி திஸாநாயக்க; 20 March 1942 -- 24 October 1994) was a prominent Sri Lankan politician,a powerful minister of the United National Party, the presidential candidate of Sri Lanka and Leader of the Opposition.	Gamini Dissanayake	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Catherine Charlotte de Gramont (1639 -- 4 June 1678) was a French noblewoman and Princess of Monaco as the wife of Louis I of Monaco and a mistress of Louis XIV of France.	Catherine Charlotte de Gramont	France
country of citizenship	Bhavna Pani was born and brought up in Mumbai, India.	Bhavna Pani	India
country of citizenship	Woon Sui Kut (Chinese: 温瑞吉; pinyin: Wēn Ruì Jí) was one of Singapore's longest-serving veteran swimming officials and a known figure in the international sporting arena.	Woon Sui Kut	Singapore
country of citizenship	Salvator Léonardi (born Catania, Italy 1872 -- died 1938) was a mandolin virtuoso, teacher and composer.	Salvator Léonardi	Italy
country of citizenship	Kim Il-chol (born 1933) is a former member of the North Korean National Defence Commission of North Korea and former Minister for Defence.	Kim Il-chol	North Korea
country of citizenship	The seventh of eight children born to radio broadcasters Eve van der Byl and Paddy Dowling, Finuala Dowling obtained an MA in English from the University of Cape Town before lecturing in English at the University of South Africa for eight years.	Finuala Dowling	South Africa
country of citizenship	The company did exist under new management as Lars Knutsen and Clode, but in 2011, the owner David Thompson, sold the company to Hutton's and Co. Lars Knutsen was born in Arendal, Norway.	Lars Knutsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Sander Berge is the grandson of Ragnar Berge who played as a left-back for Vålerenga from 1945 until 1957, and was capped once by Norway (in 1955).	Sander Berge	Norway
country of citizenship	Hans-Jörg Voigt (born Dresden, East Germany, 7 June 1962) is a German Lutheran bishop.	Hans-Jörg Voigt	Germany
country of citizenship	Luang Pu Thuat is mentioned in the early regional histories of southern Thailand, but his life is mainly preserved in oral traditions.	Luang Pu Thuat	Thailand
country of citizenship	Born in Oguta, in south-eastern Nigeria, eldest of the six children of Christopher Ijeoma (an agent with the United Africa Company) and Martha Nwapa, a teacher of drama, Flora Nwapa attended school in Oguta, Port Harcourt and Lagos.	Flora Nwapa	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Born in Altamura, Italy, Giacinto Berloco was ordained to the priesthood on 19 March 1966, and was active in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Altamura-Gravina-Acquaviva delle Fonti.	Giacinto Berloco	Italy
country of citizenship	Leonel Martiniano de Alencar, Baron of Alencar (December 5, 1832 -- March 26, 1921) was a Brazilian lawyer and diplomat, who served as the ambassador of Brazil in many occasions.	Leonel Martiniano de Alencar, Baron of Alencar	Brazil
country of citizenship	Derold Page (born South Africa 1947) After working in Johannesburg as an interior designer, he went into fashion design in 1972.	Derold Page	South Africa
country of citizenship	Andy Luotto (born 30 July 1950) is an Italian-American actor and television personality, mainly active in Italy.	Andy Luotto	Italy
country of citizenship	On 11 February 2010, Bianca Gonzalez was appointed a UNICEF Philippines Child Rights Supporter.	Bianca Gonzalez	Philippines
country of citizenship	Huang Chunsen (Chinese: 黄春森, born 1991) is a Chinese ski mountaineer, and member of the national selection of the People's Republic of China.	Huang Chunsen	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	James Coutts Crawford (19 January 1817 -- 8 April 1889), known as Coutts Crawford, was a Naval officer, farmer, scientist, explorer and public servant in New Zealand.	Coutts Crawford	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Prince Purachatra Jayakara, the Prince of Kamphaengphet (Thai: บุรฉัตรไชยากร; rtgs: Burachat Chaiyakon; 23 January 1881 -- 14 September 1936) was a Prince of Siam and a member of the Siamese Royal Family (later Thailand).	Purachatra Jayakara	Thailand
country of citizenship	Lyn Philp was a New Zealand professional boxer, and New Zealand's Bantamweight Champion from 1947 - 1954.	Lyn Philp	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Herman Ponsteen (born 27 March 1953 in Hellendoorn, Overijssel) is a retired track cyclist from the Netherlands, who represented his native country twice at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1972 (Munich, West Germany).	Herman Ponsteen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Camila Vezzoso is a model from Uruguay and a beauty queen titleholder who was crowned Miss Uruguay 2012 and represented Uruguay in the 2012 Miss Universe pageant.	Camila Vezzoso	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Evelyne Schneider (married name: Scharf; born February 23, 1950 in Waidhofen an der Ybbs, Lower Austria) is an Austrian pair skater.	Evelyne Schneider	Austria
country of citizenship	The older brother, Adolfo, became head of the family, which left in search of a better life to Puebla, Mexico, where Abraham Ángel spent his childhood.	Abraham Ángel	Mexico
country of citizenship	Nicolas Grunitzky (April 5, 1913 -- September 27, 1969) was the second president of Togo and its third head of state.	Nicolas Grunitzky	Togo
country of citizenship	Fata-a-iki (died 1896) was a patu-iki (king) of the Pacific Ocean island of Niue.	Fata-a-iki	Niue
country of citizenship	Nacer Chadli (Arabic: ناصر الشاذلي‎; born 2 August 1989) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur and the Belgium national team as a winger.	Nacer Chadli	Belgium
country of citizenship	Lindy Kelly (born 1952) is a children's author, short story writer, playwright and thriller writer who lives in Nelson, New Zealand.	Lindy Kelly	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gabriel Batz is a progressive house and trance producer and DJ from Montreal, Canada.	Gabriel Batz	Canada
country of citizenship	Anderson Santos is a Paralympic athlete from Brazil competing mainly in category F37 throwing events.	Anderson Santos	Brazil
country of citizenship	Yuttajak Kornchan(Thai: ยุทธจักร ก้อนจันทร์, born May 31, 1982), simply known as Nhon (Thai: หนอน), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Yuttajak Kornchan	Thailand
country of citizenship	Lawrence Waya (born 25 May 1963 in Mphonde, Nyasaland) is a former Malawi international football player and manager.	Lawrence Waya	Malawi
country of citizenship	Chantal Réga (born August 7, 1955 in Nîmes) is a retired track and field sprinter and hurdler from France, best known for winning the bronze medal in the women's 400 m hurdles at the 1982 European Championships.	Chantal Réga	France
country of citizenship	Berty Premalal Dissanayake (15 July 1954 -- 27 September 2013) was the chief Minister of the North Central Province of Sri Lanka from June 1999 to 2012.	Berty Premalal Dissanayake	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Sandro Dias, known as Mineirinho, is a Brazilian professional vert skateboarder who was born on April 18, 1975 in Santo André, São Paulo, Brazil and currently resides in Santa Ana, California.	Sandro Dias	Brazil
country of citizenship	Benny Wahyudi is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Arema Cronus and the Indonesia national football team.	Benny Wahyudi	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Since 1984, Namananda Giri maintained PandurangaTemple in Thennangur,India and continued Swami Haridhos Giri - Guruji's goal of spreading Namasankeerthan - The only easiest way to attain ``Moksha'' He also establish ashrams and continued charity work in the name of Swami Haridhos Giri and Swami Gnanananda Giri.	Namananda Giri	India
country of citizenship	Panayiotis Panayiotou (Greek: Παναγιώτης Παναγιώτου; born 27 September 1988 in Nicosia, Cyprus) is a Cypriot professional footballer who plays as a full-back for PAEEK in the Cypriot Second Division.	Panayiotis Panayiotou	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Lee Yock Suan (born 30 September 1946) is a former politician from Singapore.	Lee Yock Suan	Singapore
country of citizenship	Xu Shiying (許世英; 1873 -- October 13, 1964, also romanized as Hsu Shih-ying) was a Chinese Kuomintang politician of the Republic of China.	Xu Shiying	China
country of citizenship	Henry Wilcoxon (8 September 1905 -- 6 March 1984) was an actor born in Roseau, Dominica, British West Indies, and best known as a leading man in many of Cecil B. DeMille's films, also serving as DeMille's associate producer on his later films.	Henry Wilcoxon	Dominica
country of citizenship	Justus Frantz (born May 18, 1944 in Inowrocław, Poland, then Hohensalza, Germany) is a German pianist, conductor, and television personality.	Justus Frantz	Germany
country of citizenship	Jacek Gollob (born 27 October 1969 in Bydgoszcz, Poland) is a Polish motorcycle speedway rider who has twice won the individual Polish Championship (in 1998 and 2000), and has also won the team and pairs championships several times.	Jacek Gollob	Poland
country of citizenship	Gomez das Mariñas, who came from San Miguel das Negradas, Galicia, Spain, was firstly a Comendador in Spain and later was appointed Spanish Governor (``Virrey'') of the Philippines from 1590--1593.	Gomez das Mariñas	Spain
country of citizenship	Adrian Neritani is the permanent representative of Albania to the United Nations.	Adrian Neritani	Albania
country of citizenship	Saleh bin Abdul-Aziz Al ash-Sheikh is a Saudi cleric who served as the minister of Islamic affairs, endowments, call and guidance of Saudi Arabia between 1996 and 2014, and from 2015 to the present.	Saleh bin Abdul-Aziz Al ash-Sheikh	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Silvia Baraldini (born in Rome, Italy, December 12, 1947) is an Italian activist.	Silvia Baraldini	Italy
country of citizenship	Ariadne Hernández Rodríguez is a paralympic track and field athlete from Mexico competing mainly in category F53 middle to long distance events.	Ariadne Hernández	Mexico
country of citizenship	Eoin McCarthy (born 1963, Dun Laoghaire, County Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish actor.	Eoin McCarthy	Ireland
country of citizenship	Salomé Ureña de Henríquez (October 21, 1850--March 6, 1897) better known as Salomé Ureña, was a revered poet and pedagogist of the Dominican Republic.	Salomé Ureña	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Major General Athar Abbas is a two-star general and a former military spokesperson for the Pakistan Defence Forces who served as the Director General of Inter Services Public Relations (DG ISPR) from January 2008 to June 2012.	Athar Abbas	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Josaiah Ndubuisi Wachuku was king, paramount chief, servant leader and Eze of Ngwa-land -- in the then Aba Division of Eastern Nigeria -- during British colonial times.	Josaiah Ndubuisi Wachuku	Nigeria
country of citizenship	During his lifetime, Lorenzo Lotto was a well-respected painter and certainly popular in Northern Italy.	Lorenzo Lotto	Italy
country of citizenship	Jozef Obert (born 4 January 1938 in Veľké Bielice, Czechoslovakia), nicknamed Joschi during his career in Austria, is a former Slovak football striker and later coach.	Jozef Obert	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Gagamaru Masaru (born 23 February 1987 as Teimuraz Jugheli, Georgian: თეიმურაზ ჯუღელი) is a professional sumo wrestler from Georgia.	Gagamaru Masaru	Georgia
country of citizenship	Ramesh Bikal (Nepali: रमेश बिकल) (born 1932, near Gokarna, Nepal in the Kathmandu Valley) is a Nepalese writer who is known for his works portraying rural life and the lives of common people in Nepal.	Ramesh Bikal	Nepal
country of citizenship	Maureen Belky Ramírez Cardona, better known by her stage name Marbelle (born in Buenaventura, Valle del Cauca, Colombia on 19 January 1980) is a Colombian singer singing pop and romantic ballads.	Marbelle	Colombia
country of citizenship	José Mestre (born 26 of February 1956 in Lisbon, Portugal) is a man known for having a 40 cm (16 in), 5 kg (11 lb) haemangioma tumor on his face.	José Mestre	Portugal
country of citizenship	After a year in the National People's Army, Thomas Heise worked as a director's assistant between 1975 and 1978 in East Germany's DEFA Film Studios, finishing his final exams at night school.	Thomas Heise	Germany
country of citizenship	As soon as he had finished at the School of Fine Arts, Bernard Barillot held multiple exhibitions, first in France and then abroad.	Bernard Barillot	France
country of citizenship	Ivar Schmidt (born 28 December 1946) was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Mawson for the Liberal Party of Australia from 1979 to 1982.	Ivar Schmidt	Australia
country of citizenship	Yahya A. Muhaimin or Jahja Muhaimin (born 17 May 1943 in Bumiayu, Central Java) is a former Education Minister of Indonesia in the Gotong Royong Cabinet, established during Megawati Soekarnoputri's presidency.	Yahya A. Muhaimin	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Mohammad Reza Soleimani (Persian: محمدرضا سلیمانی‎, born 3 August 1995) is an Iranian football midfielder, who currently plays for Esteghlal in Iran's Premier League football.	Mohammad Reza Soleimani	Iran
country of citizenship	Dani Díez has played 7 times with the Spain national basketball team.	Dani Díez	Spain
country of citizenship	Isidore van Kinsbergen was born in Bruges in 1821 (at that time, Bruges was part of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands).	Isidore van Kinsbergen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Shri Ram Narayan Sahu a politician from Samajwadi Party is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Uttar Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.	Ram Narayan Sahu	India
country of citizenship	Helena Pilejczyk (born 1 April 1931 in Zieluń, Poland as Helena Majcher), is a Polish speed skater with a remarkably long career.	Helena Pilejczyk	Poland
country of citizenship	Dániel Garas (born 23 February 1973 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian cinematographer, director of photography.	Dániel Garas	Hungary
country of citizenship	Pierre-André Boutin (born December 2, 1934 in Ste-Marguerite, Quebec, Canada) is a former Canadian politician and teacher.	Pierre-André Boutin	Canada
country of citizenship	Yamilé Aldama Pozo (known as Yamilé Aldama, جميلة الداما) (born 14 August 1972) is an international triple jumper currently competing for Great Britain after formerly representing Cuba and Sudan.	Yamilé Aldama	Cuba
country of citizenship	Francis Peter Cusack (4 February 1919--14 December 1990) was a New Zealand labourer and character.	Francis Peter Cusack	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hanno Coldam (real name Heinz Matloch: 25 October 1932 -- 13 April 1992) was a Circus Animal Trainer from East Germany.	Hanno Coldam	Germany
country of citizenship	Niankoro Yeah Samake ( Pronunciation ) (born February 27, 1969) is a social entrepreneur and politician from Ouelessebougou, Mali.	Yeah Samake	Mali
country of citizenship	Reginald Clifton Firth (1904--1980) was a New Zealand graphic designer and photographer.	Clifton Firth	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Syed Tariq Hussain اردو: طارق حسین, born 23 April 1976 in Karachi, is an Pakistan-born Omani cricketer.	Tariq Hussain	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Renske Vellinga (26 October 1974, Heerenveen -- 19 February 1994, Sneek) was an ice speed skater from the Netherlands, who won a bronze and a silver medal at the 1993 Dutch distance championships.	Renske Vellinga	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Hamidreza Divsalar (Persian: حمیدرضا دیوسالار; born June 25, 1990‎‎) is an Iranian Football Midfielder who currently plays for Paykan in Iran's Premier Football League.	Hamidreza Divsalar	Iran
country of citizenship	Raphael Tuju, EGH (born 30 March 1959) is a Kenyan politician and a Presidential Candidate in Kenya's forthcoming general elections.	Raphael Tuju	Kenya
country of citizenship	Alireza Naghizadeh (Persian: علیرضا نقی زاده‎‎, born March 3, 1993 in Tabriz, Iran) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Siah Jamegan in the Iran Pro League and also for the Iran U-23 team.	Alireza Naghizadeh	Iran
country of citizenship	Topal Osman Pasha was one of the key perpetrators of the Greek Genocide particularly in the north eastern region of Turkey historically known as Pontus.	Topal Osman	Turkey
country of citizenship	Charles Johnson Pharazyn (11 October 1802 -- 16 August 1903) was a runholder, merchant, and member of the New Zealand Legislative Council.	Charles Johnson Pharazyn	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Peter Mesheau (born in Sackville, New Brunswick) is a politician in New Brunswick, Canada.	Peter Mesheau	Canada
country of citizenship	Fahim Ashraf (born 16 January 1994) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer who plays for National Bank of Pakistan.	Fahim Ashraf	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Bodin Phala (Thai: บดินทร์ ผาลา, born December 20, 1994) simply known as Dom (Thai: โดม), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Bodin Phala	Thailand
country of citizenship	Haxhi Selim Muça was an Albanian Muslim cleric who served as the Grand Mufti of Albania from 2004 to 2014.	Selim Muça	Albania
country of citizenship	Scot Project (born Frank Zenker, 29 May 1973, Frankfurt, Germany) is a German hard trance DJ and producer.	Scot Project	Germany
country of citizenship	Sebastian Harnisch (* 3 February 1967 in Germany) is Professor of International Relations and Foreign Policy at the Faculty of Economic and Social Sciences of the University of Heidelberg.	Sebastian Harnisch	Germany
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Lê Văn Nghiêm was an officer of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam.	Lê Văn Nghiêm	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Efisio Arru played a role in the study of parasitology in Italy, in particular the study and the fight against Echinococcus.	Efisio Arru	Italy
country of citizenship	She belonged to the Béjart family, a famous theatre family in 17th-century France.	Béjart	France
country of citizenship	Maurizio Zaccaro (born May 8, 1952, in Milan, Italy), is an Italian film director, cinematographer, film editor and screenwriter.	Maurizio Zaccaro	Italy
country of citizenship	Lynn Beyak (born February 18, 1949) is a Canadian politician, who was named to the Senate of Canada to represent Ontario on January 25, 2013.	Lynn Beyak	Canada
country of citizenship	William James Broughton (6 January 1913 -- 23 September 1990) was a New Zealand jockey.	William James Broughton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Guido Masiero was born into a middle-class family in Padova in the Kingdom of Italy on 24 August 1895.	Guido Masiero	Italy
country of citizenship	Juarez Machado (born 1941 in Joinville, Santa Catarina, Brazil) is a Brazilian painter.	Juarez Machado	Brazil
country of citizenship	Charles F. Rousseau (1908 -- 22 October 1976) was a Luxembourg philatelist who was added to the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1973.	Charles F. Rousseau	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Kerrie Byles (born 17 July 1948 in Kingston, Jamaica), also known as ``Junior Byles'', ``Chubby'', or ``King Chubby'', is a Jamaican reggae singer.	Junior Byles	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Wiremu Patara Te Tuhi (?--1910) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader, newspaper editor, warrior and secretary to the maori king.	Wiremu Patara Te Tuhi	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Liván Hernández is a baseball player from a poor family in Cuba.	Liván Hernández	Cuba
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Qúy An (born January 18, 1943) is a former Major in the Republic of Vietnam Air Force who risked his life to rescue four Americans in a downed chopper while he was on a different mission.	Nguyễn Qúy An	Vietnam
country of citizenship	San Miguel del Arroyo is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain.	San Miguel del Arroyo	Spain
country of citizenship	Gunnar S. Gundersen was born in Førde, in the county of Sogn og Fjordane, Norway.	Gunnar S. Gundersen	Norway
country of citizenship	Jamila Afghani (born 1974) is a feminist and an activist for women's rights and education in Afghanistan.	Jamila Afghani	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Sue Foley (born March 29, 1968, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian blues singer and guitarist.	Sue Foley	Canada
country of citizenship	Ivan Demidov (Russian: Ива́н Деми́дов, IPA: (ɪˈvan dʲɪˈmʲidəf); born 1981) is a professional poker player from Moscow, Russia.	Ivan Demidov	Russia
country of citizenship	Nicola Pettit (née Cooney) (born 27 May 1978) is a New Zealand netball player in the ANZ Championship, playing for the Waikato/Bay of Plenty Magic.	Nicola Pettit	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Shokat Ali (born 4 March 1970) is an English snooker player of Pakistani descent, who represents Pakistan in international tournaments.	Shokat Ali	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Changoleón (1941) AKA Changolion (MonkeyLion in English), (his name is Samuel Gonzalez Quiroz -see in El Universal Mexico news on line-) was a Mexican celebrity, famous for his participation in the popular TV shows Toma Libre and Incógnito, both hosted by Facundo.	Changoleón	Mexico
country of citizenship	Gottfried Bammes (26 April 1920 -- 14 May 2007) was a professor of art at the Dresden Academy of Fine Arts, Germany.	Gottfried Bammes	Germany
country of citizenship	Bernward Malaka (born 1962 in Düsseldorf, West Germany) is an internet entrepreneur and consultant.	Bernward Malaka	Germany
country of citizenship	Francesca Segat (born January 21, 1983 in Vittorio Veneto, Province of Treviso) is a butterfly swimmer from Italy, who won the silver medal in the 200 m butterfly at the European Short Course Swimming Championships 2003.	Francesca Segat	Italy
country of citizenship	Mario Mandžukić (Croatian pronunciation: (mârjo mǎnd͡ʒukit͡ɕ); born 21 May 1986) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Italian club Juventus and the Croatia national team.	Mario Mandžukić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Born in Nebraska, Randall Garrison eventually moved to Canada in 1973.	Randall Garrison	Canada
country of citizenship	Peter Malm (September 22, 1800 -- August 7, 1868) was a major ship owner and merchant in Finland in the 19th century, and the father of Otto A. Malm.	Peter Malm	Finland
country of citizenship	Adandozan was a King of the Kingdom of Dahomey, in present-day Benin, from 1797 until 1818.	Adandozan	Benin
country of citizenship	Francisco Morales Lomas (b. Campillo de Arenas (Jaén - Spain) 1957) is a Poet, novelist, playwright, essayist and literary critic and member of the Generation of Transition.	Francisco Morales Lomas	Spain
country of citizenship	Julia Sarr is a Mezzo-soprano born in Dakar (Senegal) from the Serer ethnic group.	Julia Sarr	Senegal
country of citizenship	Helen Gregory (born 1946) is a prominent historian, author and retired public servant in and of Brisbane, Queensland Australia and its surrounds.	Helen Gregory	Australia
country of citizenship	Andrés Navarro Haeussler (born in Santiago de Chile, November 30, 1948) is a Chilean businessman.	Andrés Navarro Haeussler	Chile
country of citizenship	José Antonio Bottiroli was born in Rosario, Argentina on 1 January 1920 and died in Rosario on 15 March 1990.	José Antonio Bottiroli	Argentina
country of citizenship	Farshad Janfaza (Persian: فرشاد جانفزا‎‎) is an Iranian Football Forward who currently plays for Iranian football club Esteghlal Khuzestan in the Iran Pro League.	Farshad Janfaza	Iran
country of citizenship	Maurice Blair (born 16 October 1984 in Maryborough, Queensland, Australia) is an Indigenous Australian professional rugby league player for Hull KR of the Super League.	Maurice Blair	Australia
country of citizenship	Noppon Saengkham (born July 15, 1992) is a professional snooker player from Thailand.	Noppon Saengkham	Thailand
country of citizenship	A native of Paris, Olivier Ochanine began music studies in France.	Olivier Ochanine	France
country of citizenship	Charles Livingstone Mbabazi (born 18 October 1980) is a football coach and former footballer from Uganda who achieved fame at St Patrick's Athletic Football Club in Ireland.	Charles Livingstone Mbabazi	Uganda
country of citizenship	In January 2011, David Lega started his new career as Deputy Mayor of Gothenburg, Sweden's second largest city.	David Lega	Sweden
country of citizenship	Alejandro Gil Pinedo, better known as Alejandro de Pinedo (Cadiz, Andalusia, Spain 1965) is a Spanish composer, author, musical producer and chill-out music artist.	Alejandro de Pinedo	Spain
country of citizenship	Robert Abigail (born 1981) is a Dutch DJ from Rotterdam in The Netherlands.	Robert Abigail	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Arnaud Sutchuin-Djoum (born 2 May 1989), also known as Arnaud Djoum or Arnaud Sutchuin, is a Cameroon-born Belgian footballer who plays for Scottish club Heart of Midlothian.	Arnaud Djoum	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Chaehoi Fatihou (15 July 1971) he is a Comoros weightlifter, who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in the light heavyweight but he failed to lift his opening weight and therefore failed to advance.	Chaehoi Fatihou	Comoros
country of citizenship	Géza Gyimóthy (born March 12, 1952) is a former Hungarian politician, who served as one of the Deputy Speakers of the National Assembly of Hungary from June 18, 1998 to September 19, 2001.	Géza Gyimóthy	Hungary
country of citizenship	He is the ambassador for Golf Australia's Crown Lager Social Golf Club and patron for Stuart Appleby Junior Golf.	Stuart Appleby	Australia
country of citizenship	Teiichi Okano (Japanese: 岡野貞一 Okano Teiichi; 16 February 1878, Tottori, Tottori, Japan -- 29 December 1941) was a Japanese composer.	Teiichi Okano	Japan
country of citizenship	Giotto Bizzarrini (6 June 1926 in Quercianella, Livorno Province, Italy) is an Italian automobile engineer active from the 1950s through the 1970s.	Giotto Bizzarrini	Italy
country of citizenship	Nour Aka Sayed (6 October 1944) is a retired Afghanistan Greco-Roman wrestler, who competed at the 1964 Summer Olympic Games in the featherweight event.	Nour Aka Sayed	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Gilles Epié finished the first season (16 episodes) of his reality show in France for Canal+/Cuisine+, Dans La Vraie Vie D’un Grand Chef (the true life of a grand chef) that features his restaurant where he works alongside his wife Elizabeth and son Renald.	Gilles Epié	France
country of citizenship	Shri Dattatreya Rama Rao Parvatikar, (pronunciation:(d̪ət̪t̪ɑːt̪reːj ə rɑːmə rɑːʋ pərʋət̪ikɑːr); दत्तात्रेय राम राव् पर्वतिकार्) (1916-1990), was prominent Hindu saint and a sanyasi of India.	Dattatreya Rama Rao Parvatikar	India
country of citizenship	Paddy Andrews was an Irish soccer player in the League of Ireland.	Paddy Andrews	Ireland
country of citizenship	Peter Chelcicky or Petr Chelčický (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpɛtr̩ ˈxɛltʃɪtskiː)) (c. 1390 -- c. 1460) was a Christian spiritual leader and author in 15th century Bohemia (modern Czech Republic).	Petr Chelčický	Bohemia
country of citizenship	Hande Dalkılıç (born in 1974, Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish concert pianist.	Hande Dalkılıç	Turkey
country of citizenship	Otto Acron was born 12 May 1935 as Alexander James Alsop in Sydney, Australia to Lilly Elizabeth and James Gess Alsop.	Otto Acron	Australia
country of citizenship	Audrius Butkevičius (born September 24, 1960 in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian politician, a signatory of the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania, member of the Seimas (parliament of Lithuania) from November 25, 1996 till October 18, 2000.	Audrius Butkevičius	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Hennie Top (born 23 August 1956) is a former professional cyclist from Wekerom, Netherlands.	Hennie Top	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Adam Elliot (born 2 January 1972 in Berwick, Victoria, Australia) is an independent Australian stop-motion animation writer, director and producer based in Melbourne, Australia.	Adam Elliot	Australia
country of citizenship	Percy Reid (1874 - November 14, 1927) was Gold Commissioner of the Yukon Territory, Canada, between 1925 and 1927.	Percy Reid	Canada
country of citizenship	Chandra Saradavara, the Princess of Phichit (Thai: จันทราสรัทวาร; rtgs: Chanthrasaratthawan; 15 April 1873 -- 21 February 1905), was the Princess of Siam (later Thailand).	Chandra Saradavara	Siam
country of citizenship	Michèle Rakotoson (born 1948) is a writer, journalist, and film maker from Madagascar.	Michèle Rakotoson	Madagascar
country of citizenship	David Wilson Beaubier (May 2, 1864 in St. Mary's, Province of Canada -- September 1, 1938) was a Canadian politician.	David Wilson Beaubier	Canada
country of citizenship	Steve Makoni is a comedian, songwriter and solo guitarist from Zimbabwe.	Steve Makoni	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	Maria Podgorbunskaya (a.k.a. Мария Подгорбунская) is the editor-in-chief of the Kazakhstan edition of the monthly fashion magazine Harper's Bazaar.	Maria Podgorbunskaya	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Mohammad Hatta ( listen ; 12 August 1902 -- 14 March 1980) was Indonesia's first vice president, later also serving as the country's prime minister.	Mohammad Hatta	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Jivya Soma Mashe (born 1934) is an artist of the Maharashtra state in India, who popularised the Warli tribal art form.	Jivya Soma Mashe	India
country of citizenship	John Jacob Hess was born in Wald, Zurich, Switzerland on May 17, 1584 to Hans Heinrich Hess, a bailiff, (1534--1587) and Adelheid Kuntz (1546--1585).	John Jacob Hess	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Branislav Ivanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранислав Ивановић, pronounced (brǎnislaʋ iʋǎːnoʋitɕ); born 22 February 1984) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for English club Chelsea and the Serbia national team, which he captains.	Branislav Ivanović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Mariana Larrabure de Orbegoso is a Peruvian beauty queen born in Lima city who became ``Miss Peru World'' in 1998 at the age of 22 years.	Mariana Larrabure de Orbegoso	Peru
country of citizenship	The Cokossi, or Tchokossi is a traditional monarchy in northern Togo that has existed since at least the 17th century.	Cokossi	Togo
country of citizenship	Juan Alfredo Pinto Saavedra (born 2 November 1953) was Ambassador of Colombia to India with concurrent accreditation to Iran, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, and until 2011, to Indonesia.	Juan Alfredo Pinto Saavedra	Colombia
country of citizenship	After emigration from Russia to Germany in 1992, Boris Kerner worked for the Daimler company in Stuttgart.	Boris Kerner	Germany
country of citizenship	Rauf Ceylan (* June 19, 1976, in Duisburg, Germany) is a sociologist and author.	Rauf Ceylan	Germany
country of citizenship	Mika Kojonkoski (born April 19, 1964 in Rauma, Finland) is a Finnish ski jumping coach and politician.	Mika Kojonkoski	Finland
country of citizenship	Osman Kürşat Duman (born March 13, 1987 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish professional footballer.	Osman Kürşat Duman	Turkey
country of citizenship	Margit Senf (born 25 November 1945 in Leipzig, Germany) is a former pair skater who represented East Germany and the Unified Team of Germany in competition.	Margit Senf	Germany	East Germany
country of citizenship	Dharamvir Singh (Hindi: धरमवीर सिंह; born 5 August 1990) represented India in Men's Hockey during the 2012 London Olympics.	Dharamvir Singh	India
country of citizenship	Miguel Capuccini (January 5, 1904 in Montevideo -- June 9, 1980) was an Uruguayan footballer who was part of the team that won the first ever World Cup in 1930 for Uruguay, but he did not play any matches in the tournament.	Miguel Capuccini	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Kristoffer Ericson (born 23 October 1978, in Sweden) is a Swedish Linux coder best known for his work on embedded systems.	Kristoffer Ericson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ahmad Balal (born 1958 in Lahore, Pakistan) is a Pakistani government official and diplomat who was formerly Pakistan's Consul General in Hong Kong.	Ahmad Balal	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Yuli Gusman was born in Baku, Azerbaijan to military physician Solomon Gusman and professor Lola Barsuk, who later became a translator and professor at the Azerbaijan University of Languages.	Yuli Gusman	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Hamed Rezaei (Persian: حامد رضایی‎, was born 1983 in Urmia, West Azerbaijan) is a volleyball player from Iran, who plays as a Middle-blocker & Central defender for Shahrdari Urmia VC in Iranian Volleyball Super League.	Hamed Rezaei	Iran
country of citizenship	Filippo Palizzi was named commendatore of the Order of the Crown of Italy and of the Austrian Order of Franz Joseph, and honorary Associate of numerous Academies.	Filippo Palizzi	Italy
country of citizenship	Necdet Darıcıoğlu (b. May 4, 1926 in Antalya, Turkey) was a Turkish judge.	Necdet Darıcıoğlu	Turkey
country of citizenship	Belal Mansoor Ali (Arabic: بلال منصور علي‎; born 17 October 1988) is a middle distance runner now representing Bahrain after changing nationality from Kenya.	Belal Mansoor Ali	Bahrain
country of citizenship	Dan Sociu is a writer born May 20, 1978, in Botoşani, Romania.	Dan Sociu	Romania
country of citizenship	Vladan Marković (Serbian Cyrillic: Владан Марковић; born March 20 in Belgrade, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian swimmer also considered to be one of the country's all-time best.	Vladan Marković	Serbia
country of citizenship	Daniel Nazareth (born 8 June 1948 in Bombay, India; died 19 June 2014) was an Indian composer and conductor.	Daniel Nazareth	India
country of citizenship	T. K. S. Elangovan (Tamil: தி.கோ.சீ இளங்கோவன்) (born 30 August 1954 in Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu, India) is a member of parliament in India.	T. K. S. Elangovan	India
country of citizenship	Art mac Cuinn (``son of Conn''), also known as Art Óenfer (literally ``one man'', used in the sense of ``lone'', ``solitary'', or ``only son''), was, according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition, a High King of Ireland.	Art mac Cuinn	Ireland
country of citizenship	Purusottam Poudel, a member of Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist), assumed the post of the Minister of Youth and Sports of Nepal on 25 February 2014 under Sushil Koirala-led government.	Purusottam Poudel	Nepal
country of citizenship	Benjamin Thomas Watt (born June 13, 1992, Greenhithe, New Zealand) is the world's first openly gay professional boxing judge.	Benjamin Thomas Watt	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Georges Lakhovsky (September 17,1869 in Russian Empire -- 1942 in New York City, USA) was a Russian engineer, scientist, author and inventor.	Georges Lakhovsky	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Gábor Vető (born December 19, 1988 in Várpalota, Hungary) is an undefeated professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division and is the former WBC Youth World Lightweight Champion.	Gábor Vető	Hungary
country of citizenship	Andrés Manzanares (born November 26, 1984 in Bariloche, Argentina) is an Argentine association football defender.	Andrés Manzanares	Argentina
country of citizenship	Elisa Barnard (born 27 May 1993 in Sydney, Australia) is a recurve Australian archer.	Elisa Barnard	Australia
country of citizenship	Anne-Marie Lizin-Vanderspeeten (5 January 1949 -- 17 October 2015) was a Belgian politician, who served as the President of the Senate of Belgium from 2004 to 2007.	Anne-Marie Lizin	Belgium
country of citizenship	Mbiganyi Thee (born 26 May 1962) is a retired athlete from Botswana who specialised in the middle-distance events.	Mbiganyi Thee	Botswana
country of citizenship	Andreas Christian Iversen (25 February 1834--6 September 1911) was a New Zealand goldminer, orchardist and irrigator.	Andreas Christian Iversen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Baron Cecil de Strycker (1915--2004) was a Belgian economist, civil servant, and former governor of the National Bank of Belgium (NBB) from 1975 until 1982.	Cecil de Strycker	Belgium
country of citizenship	Mario Bellatin (born July 23, 1960, Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican novelist.	Mario Bellatin	Mexico
country of citizenship	Lino Guzzella, born in 1957, is a binational (Swiss and Italian) professor at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich, Switzerland.	Lino Guzzella	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Anahera Herbert-Graves (born June 12, 1956) is the current Chief Executive Officer of Te Runanga-a-Iwi o Ngāti Kahu, the tribal parliament of the New Zealand-based Māori tribe known as Ngāti Kahu.	Anahera Herbert-Graves	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Petra Olli (born June 5, 1994) is a freestyle wrestler from Finland.	Petra Olli	Finland
country of citizenship	Savenaca Tokula (born 6 June 1985 in Fiji) is a Fijian-born New Zealand rugby union player.	Savenaca Tokula	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Andrej Budal (31 October 1889 -- 7 June 1972) was a Slovene language writer, poet, journalist and translator from Italy.	Andrej Budal	Italy
country of citizenship	Andrej Krementschouk (Russian: Андрей Кременчук, Andrei Krementschuk; born 2 May 1973 in Gorki, Soviet Union) is a photographer who is based in Leipzig.	Andrej Krementschouk	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Ravi Gossain along with actor Priya Arya also heads a production house called Spicy Smile India Pvt Ltd.	Ravi Gossain	India
country of citizenship	Ruth Dolores Weiss (Hebrew: רות דולורס וייס‎; born February 23, 1978, in Ashkelon, Israel) is an Israeli musician.	Ruth Dolores Weiss	Israel
country of citizenship	Paul-Marie Yembit (22 December 1917 -- 1979) was a vice president of Gabon under Léon M'ba.	Paul-Marie Yembit	Gabon
country of citizenship	Necdet Kent was born in Istanbul, Turkey and got his secondary education from Galatasaray Lycee, as did some of his colleagues in the foreign ministry.	Necdet Kent	Turkey
country of citizenship	Ágnes Kaczander (also known as Kaczander-Kiss) (born November 21, 1953 in Budapest) is a former breaststroke swimmer from Hungary, who competed at the Summer Olympics for her native country in 1972.	Ágnes Kaczander	Hungary
country of citizenship	Salomon Deyling was a Lutheran theologian, born on September 14, 1677, at Weida, in south-eastern Germany.	Salomon Deyling	Germany
country of citizenship	Enrique Cahen Salaberry (born 12 October 1911 -- 29 June 1991 in Buenos Aires) was a prolific Argentine film director whose career in the Cinema of Argentina as a movie director spanned five decades.	Enrique Cahen Salaberry	Argentina
country of citizenship	Oscar González Loyo (born April 11, 1959 in Mexico City) is a comic book artist, author of Karmatrón y Los Transformables.	Oscar González Loyo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Lulzim Basha ( listen ; born 12 June 1974) is a prominent Albanian politician who was Mayor of Tirana, the capital of Albania, from 2011 to 2015.	Lulzim Basha	Albania
country of citizenship	Mahmoud Taleghani (alt. transliteration: Mahmud Taleqani) (4 March 1911 -- 9 September 1979) was an Iranian theologian, Muslim reformer, democracy advocate and a senior Shi'a cleric of Iran.	Mahmoud Taleghani	Iran
country of citizenship	Rebecca Smart has worked with some of Australia's most renowned directors of Film, Television and Theatre.	Rebecca Smart	Australia
country of citizenship	Alberto Salom Echeverría (born June 10, 1952 -- in San José, Costa Rica) is a Costa Rican politician.	Alberto Salom Echeverría	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Louie Ignacio (born Luisito Lagdameo Ignacio in 1968 in Laguna) is a television director in the Philippines.	Louie Ignacio	Philippines
country of citizenship	Alessandro Stefano Cugurra Rodrigues (known as Stefano Cugurra Teco), (born July 25, 1974 in Rio de Janeiro) is a football manager and former player from Brazil.	Stefano Cugurra Teco	Brazil
country of citizenship	Matthieu Hartley (born 4 February 1960) is an English musician born in Smallfield, England.	Matthieu Hartley	England
country of citizenship	Sergio Díaz-Granados Guida (born 3 October 1968) was the 3rd Minister of Commerce, Industry and Tourism of Colombia.	Sergio Díaz-Granados Guida	Colombia
country of citizenship	Diego Oyarbide (born in Rosario, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for clubs of Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Venezuela and El Salvador.	Diego Oyarbide	Argentina
country of citizenship	João Pedro Pais (born 1971) is a singer and musician from Portugal.	João Pedro Pais	Portugal
country of citizenship	Catya Maré (pronunciation: catya maree) is a multiple award winning composer, music producer, classical crossover violinist, visual artist and writer from Germany, now located in California.	Catya Maré	Germany
country of citizenship	Salam al-Zaubai is an Iraqi politician who was the Deputy Prime Minister of Iraq from 2006 to 2007.	Salam al-Zaubai	Iraq
country of citizenship	Hans Mathisen (born 27 July 1967 in Sandefjord, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz guitarist, educated on the Jazzprogram at Trondheim musikkonservatorium (1988--90), well known for his Pat Metheny and Wes Montgomery inspired performances.	Hans Mathisen	Norway
country of citizenship	Manuel Alejandro Carrasco de la O, (b. January 21, 1983, Chihuahua, Mexico) commonly known as Menny, is a Mexican singer / songwriter, and former contestant of the popular Mexican reality television series La Academia and Segunda Oportunidad.	Menny	Mexico
country of citizenship	Kit Chan (Chinese: 陈洁仪; pinyin: Chén Jiéyí, born 15 September 1972, Singapore) is a Chinese singer and actress of Singaporean nationality.	Kit Chan	Singapore
country of citizenship	Sheikh Ahmad bin Ali bin Abdullah bin Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani, (1920--1977) (Arabic: أحمد بن علي بن عبد الله بن جاسم بن محمد آل ثاني‎), also known as Sheikh Ahmad bin Ali Al Thani for short, was the eighth emir of Qatar who ruled from 1960 to 1972.	Ahmad bin Ali Al Thani	Qatar
country of citizenship	Recently Johar Ali Khan represented India at the 60 years UNESCO celebration in Paris, where he had composed music for melody of dialogue among Civilizations Association.	Johar Ali Khan	India
country of citizenship	Christine Lauterburg (born March 12, 1956 in Bern, Switzerland) is a Swiss singer, yodeler, and actress.	Christine Lauterburg	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Bela Duarte is an artist from Cape Verde, Born in the island of São Vicente and was studied decorative arts in Lisbon, Portugal.	Bela Duarte	Cape Verde
country of citizenship	Joris Vanvinckenroye began studying contrabass when he was 16 at the Music Academy of Lier in Belgium.	Joris Vanvinckenroye	Belgium
country of citizenship	The Ellgaard family therefore moved to Munich, where Helmuth Ellgaard participated in starting the illustrated magazine Revue, which was one of the many new weekly magazines in post-war West Germany.	Helmuth Ellgaard	Germany
country of citizenship	Emilia Solórzano Alfaro (December 8, 1835 -- July 18, 1882) was the First Lady of Costa Rica during the periods of 1870--1876 and 1877--1882.	Emilia Solórzano Alfaro	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Markus Wasmeier (born 9 September 1963 in Schliersee, Bavaria, Germany) is a former alpine ski racer and twice Olympic gold medalist.	Markus Wasmeier	Germany
country of citizenship	Rabbi Chaim Kreiswirth (1918-2001) זצוק``ל was an Orthodox rabbi who served as the longtime Chief Rabbi of Congregation Machzikei Hadass Antwerp, Belgium.	Chaim Kreiswirth	Belgium
country of citizenship	Ian Bermingham, (born 6 June 1989 in Dublin) is an Irish professional footballer currently playing with League of Ireland club, St Patricks Athletic.	Ian Bermingham	Ireland
country of citizenship	Luis Eduardo Matta, of Roman Catholic Lebanese origin, is considered one of the most important mystery and suspense authors in Brazil.	Luis Eduardo Matta	Brazil
country of citizenship	John Pohe (10 December 1914-- 31 March 1944), was a New Zealand Māori Royal New Zealand Air Force officer and bomber pilot who was taken prisoner during the Second World War.	John Pohe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nantapol Supathai (Thai: นันทพล ศุภไทย) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Nantapol Supathai	Thailand
country of citizenship	Jon Montgomery started skeleton racing when he lived in Calgary where he worked as an auctioneer not far from Canada Olympic Park in Calgary.	Jon Montgomery	Canada
country of citizenship	Vicente Zarazúa was born at Tacubaya (Mexico) in 1944.	Vicente Zarazúa	Mexico
country of citizenship	Adam Nawałka (born 23 October 1957 in Kraków) is a retired Polish football player and current manager of the Poland national football team.	Adam Nawałka	Poland
country of citizenship	Siositina Hakeai (born March 1, 1994 in Otahuhu) is a New Zealand athlete.	Siositina Hakeai	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Arnault Tzanck's name is attached to an apparatus he invented that was widely used for transfusing blood in France between the wars, as well as a simple test he devised using the microscopic analysis of scrapings from skin cancer lesions, different ganglia, and some forms of dermatitis especially pemphigus.	Arnault Tzanck	France
country of citizenship	Annie Rudman (1844--1928) was a notable New Zealand salvation army officer and social worker.	Annie Rudman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Maria Jacobsen was born in Denmark in the town of Siim near Ry on 6 November 1882 and as a child, she lived in Horsens with her father Jens Jacobsen and mother Ane Kristine Pedersen.	Maria Jacobsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Noah Meisel (1891--1956) was a Jewish Bundist politician and doctor in Latvia.	Noah Meisel	Latvia
country of citizenship	Iuliana Gorea-Costin (born November 28, 1957) is a diplomat and politician from the Republic of Moldova.	Iuliana Gorea-Costin	Moldova
country of citizenship	Ellen Elizabeth Ferner (13 September 1869 -- 3 November 1930) was a New Zealand artist, photographer and community leader.	Ellen Elizabeth Ferner	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Amlan Datta (Bengali: অম্লান দত্ত) (1924--2010) was an economist and educationist from West Bengal, India.	Amlan Datta	India
country of citizenship	Col. Charles Duncan McPherson (April 11, 1877 --1970) was a soldier, journalist and politician from Manitoba, Canada.	Charles Duncan McPherson	Canada
country of citizenship	Hilde Hefte (born 1 September 1956 in Kristiansand, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz singer.	Hilde Hefte	Norway
country of citizenship	Giovanni Maria Bernardoni (1541--1605) was a Jesuit monk and an Italian architect who was the first to design the Baroque style in Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.	Giovanni Maria Bernardoni	Poland
country of citizenship	Tom McBeath is a Canadian actor living in Vancouver, Canada and is the winner of three Jessie Awards.	Tom McBeath	Canada
country of citizenship	Tene Waitere (1853--1931) was a notable New Zealand Māori carver.	Tene Waitere	New Zealand
country of citizenship	The Lhotshampa people inhabit Southern Bhutan; thus, are also referred to as Southerners.	Lhotshampa	Bhutan
country of citizenship	Mauro Canali is a full professor of contemporary history at the University of Camerino in Italy.	Mauro Canali	Italy
country of citizenship	Ruth Hohmann (born 19 August 1931 in Eisenach, Thuringia, Germany) is a German jazz singer and university lecturer.	Ruth Hohmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Flores Chaviano (n. Caibarién, Villa Clara Province, Cuba 1946) is an accomplished Cuban composer, guitarist, professor and orchestral conductor that has achieved great international recognition.	Flores Chaviano	Cuba
country of citizenship	Pierre Louki also appeared as stage author and actor and broadcast on France-Culture, while on television he took part in programmes of Jean-Christophe Averty.	Pierre Louki	France
country of citizenship	Chaudhary Yashpal Singh (c. 1921 -- 12 December 2015) was an Indian politician and Member of Parliament of India.	Chaudhary Yashpal Singh	India
country of citizenship	Mehmet Tahsini (1864-?) was an Albanian politician, active in the Ottoman Empire and Albania.	Mehmet Tahsini	Albania
country of citizenship	Chris Liebing (born Christopher Liebing on 11 December 1968 in Gießen, Hesse, Germany) is a techno DJ, music producer, radio host and founder of the record label CLR.	Chris Liebing	Germany
country of citizenship	Daniel Faitaua is a New Zealand television news reporter of Samoan descent, currently working for One News.	Daniel Faitaua	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bach Made in Germany Vol. 1 - Cantatas II - Boy soprano, Hans-Joachim Rotzsch (tenor), Hans Hauptmann, Thomanerchor, Gewandhausorchester, conductor Günther Ramin, Leipzig Classics Bach:	Hans-Joachim Rotzsch	Germany
country of citizenship	Horace Bastings (1831--1909) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from the Southland region of New Zealand.	Horace Bastings	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christine Werner was born in 1954 in Vienna, Austria; today she is living in Vienna and Styria.	Christine Werner	Austria
country of citizenship	Nuno Montenegro (born in1970, Lisbon, Portugal) is architect from the University of Lisbon (1995) having studied in Italy with Vittorio Gregotti and Aldo Rossi at Università Iuav di Venezia (IUAV).	Nuno Montenegro	Portugal
country of citizenship	Patrice Otha is a Gabonese political figure who has been Director of the Cabinet of the President of Gabon since 2010.	Patrice Otha	Gabon
country of citizenship	Simone Robertson (28 May 1975 in Melbourne, Australia) is an Australian actress best known for her 1991--1993 role as Phoebe Gottlieb in the TV series Neighbours.	Simone Robertson	Australia
country of citizenship	Khalil Jalil Hamza (died August 11, 2007) was the governor of Al-Qādisiyyah province, Iraq.	Khalil Jalil Hamza	Iraq
country of citizenship	Georg Emil Hansen (1833--1891) was one of Denmark's pioneering photographers in the second half of the 19th century.	Georg Emil Hansen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Sara Groen (born 6 March 1981 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian actress and television presenter.	Sara Groen	Australia
country of citizenship	Kang Youwei (Chinese: 康有為; Wade--Giles: K'ang Yu-wei; March 19, 1858 -- March 31, 1927) was a Chinese scholar, noted calligrapher and prominent political thinker and reformer of the late Qing dynasty.	Kang Youwei	Qing dynasty
country of citizenship	Mrs W. H. Foley is best known for her major contribution to early theatrical entertainment in New Zealand between 1855-1867.	Mrs W. H. Foley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Colonel Bolívar Urrutia Parrilla (December 1, 1918 - June 6, 2005) was a Panamanian soldier and former President of Panama.	Bolívar Urrutia Parrilla	Panama
country of citizenship	Ernst Loof (4 July 1907 -- 3 March 1956) was an automotive engineer and racing driver from Neindorf, Germany.	Ernst Loof	Germany
country of citizenship	Utaiwan Kaensing (Thai: อุทัยวรรณ แก่นสิงห์; RTGS: Uthaiwan Kaensing) is a member of the Thailand women's national volleyball team.	Utaiwan Kaensing	Thailand
country of citizenship	Afroditi Frida is a Greek singer, best known for representing Greece in the ESC 1988.	Afroditi Frida	Greece
country of citizenship	As of 26 November 2014 Mariyan Ognyanov was the player with most assists during the season so far in Bulgaria.	Mariyan Ognyanov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	He also leads the Brett Budgeon Band and has headlined music festivals alongside some of Australia's leading popular music acts.	Brett Budgeon	Australia
country of citizenship	Manuel Menéndez Gorozabel (1793 -- May 2, 1847) was President of Peru on three occasions, from 1841 to 1842 and twice in two brief periods in August 1844 and finally on October 1845.	Manuel Menéndez	Peru
country of citizenship	Mokhtar Nourafshan is a paralympic athlete from Iran competing mainly in category F53 throwing events.	Mokhtar Nourafshan	Iran
country of citizenship	Friedel de Wet (born 26 June 1980 in Durban, Natal Province, South Africa) is a retired South African first-class and Test cricketer.	Friedel de Wet	South Africa
country of citizenship	Eria Tutara-Kauika Raukura (1834--1938) was a New Zealand tribal tohunga.	Eria Tutara-Kauika Raukura	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Harout Chitilian (TAO: Հարութ Շիթիլեան, RAO: Հարութ Շիթիլյան) (born in 1980) is a city councillor from Montreal, Quebec, Canada, and chairman of the council.	Harout Chitilian	Canada
country of citizenship	She has several great Jazz musicians from Denmark in her bands, the Thulla's Organic Orchestra and since 2005 also the Thullabandulla Band.	Thulla	Denmark
country of citizenship	Amba Bongo is a writer and advocate for refugees from the Democratic Republic of the Congo-Kinshasa.	Amba Bongo	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Arthur R. Richardson (May 13, 1862 -- January 7, 1936) was a pilot, farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Arthur R. Richardson	Canada
country of citizenship	Renee Gartner is an entertainment personality and television presenter from Australia, and daughter of rugby league player Russel Gartner.	Renee Gartner	Australia
country of citizenship	Francesco Buhagiar (7 September 1876 -- 27 June 1934), son of Michele Buhagiar and Filomena Mifsud, was the second Prime Minister of Malta (1923 - 1924).	Francesco Buhagiar	Malta
country of citizenship	He was born in Stanstead Plain, Lower Canada, the son of Charles McClary and Betsy Cass, was educated in Compton and settled on a farm at Sainte-Edwidge-de-Clifton.	Charles McClary	Canada
country of citizenship	Janet Gillies (31 January 1864--24 July 1947) was a New Zealand civilian and military nurse, army nursing administrator.	Janet Gillies	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jocelyne Savard better known as JoJo Savard, is a medium, or psychic, in Canada.	JoJo Savard	Canada
country of citizenship	Tom Northcott (born August 29, 1943 in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian folk-rock singer with hits in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Tom Northcott	Canada
country of citizenship	Aart Kemink (1914--2006) (variant names Arie Kemink, Art Kemink) was a Dutch-Canadian painter, born May 30, 1914 in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.	Aart Kemink	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Clive Boughton (born 4 August 1956) is an Australian computer science professor residing in Canberra, Australia.	Clive Boughton	Australia
country of citizenship	Rachel Traets (born 16 August 1998) is a singer from the Netherlands.	Rachel Traets	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Lindsey Collen (born 1948 Mqanduli, Umtata, Transkei, South Africa) is a Mauritian novelist, and activist.	Lindsey Collen	South Africa
country of citizenship	Abner Clough (13 September 1840--22 April 1910) was a New Zealand farm worker and character.	Abner Clough	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Captain Franciszek Błażej (noms de guerre ``Roman'', ``Bogusław'') was born 1907 in an unknown location, in southeastern Poland.	Franciszek Błażej	Poland
country of citizenship	Pål Jackman (born 20 September 1967, Haugesund, Norway) is a Norwegian film director and musician.	Pål Jackman	Norway
country of citizenship	Olusegun Mimiko (Yoruba: Olúṣẹ́gun Mímikò; born 3 October 1954) is the current governor of Ondo State, Nigeria.	Olusegun Mimiko	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jan Pronk was born in Scheveningen in the Netherlands on March 16, 1940.	Jan Pronk	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Bar Hebraeus was born in the village of ʿEbra (Izoli, Turk.: Kuşsarayı) near Malatya, Sultanate of Rûm (modern Turkey, now in the province of Elazig).	Bar Hebraeus	Turkey
country of citizenship	Martin Tranmæl grew up in a middle-sized farm in Melhus, in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Martin Tranmæl	Norway
country of citizenship	The October Cherries were a late 1960s group from Singapore.	October Cherries	Singapore
country of citizenship	Maria Jansson, known in history as Kisamor (English: The Mother of Kisa), (1788--1842), was a Swedish natural doctor, one of the most notable and well-known of 19th century physicians in Sweden.	Kisamor	Sweden
country of citizenship	Nian Gengyao (simplified Chinese: 年羹尧; traditional Chinese: 年羹堯; pinyin: Nián Gēngyáo; 1679 -- January 13, 1726), courtesy name Lianggong (亮功), was a Chinese military commander of the Qing dynasty.	Nian Gengyao	Qing dynasty
country of citizenship	Marcelo Figueras (born 1962, Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a writer and a screenwriter.	Marcelo Figueras	Argentina
country of citizenship	Kyle Cerminara is a United States of America Olympic wrestler.	Kyle Cerminara	United States of America
country of citizenship	In 2007 Italy's Rai Uno presented the TV film St. Giuseppe Moscati:	Giuseppe Moscati	Italy
country of citizenship	Gregory James Tristran Hegglun (born 7 August 1984), aka Greg Hegglun, is a New Zealand cricketer who plays for Central Districts Stags in the State Shield.	Greg Hegglun	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marshal Choe Kwang (July 17, 1918 -- February 21, 1997) was a prominent military leader in North Korea.	Choe Kwang	North Korea
country of citizenship	Björling was born on 19 October 1871 in Stockholm, Sweden and was the son of Johan Alfred Björling and Lydia Kastengren.	Johan Alfred Björling	Sweden
country of citizenship	N. Leelakrishnan, also known as Leela in Indian motorsport circles, is a six-time INRC Motor Rally Champion and one time Formula 3 (India) champion from Coimbatore, India.	N. Leelakrishnan	India
country of citizenship	Barbara Kemp was born in Cochem, Germany and studied singing at the Strasbourg Conservatory.	Barbara Kemp	Germany
country of citizenship	Bolota Asmerom (born 12 October 1978 in Asmara, Eritrea) is a long-distance runner who competed for Eritrea before gaining a US visa in 2002.	Bolota Asmerom	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Percy Beveridge was (1875 -- 31 July 1947) was a New Zealand cricketer who played two first-class matches for the Auckland Aces in the Plunket Shield.	Percy Beveridge	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alexander Pointner (born January 1, 1971 in Grieskirchen, Oberösterreich) is the former head coach of Austria ski jumping team.	Alexander Pointner	Austria
country of citizenship	Tom Molloy (Australia), was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL), Australia's major rugby league competition.	Tom Molloy	Australia
country of citizenship	Zita Görög (in Hungarian: Görög Zita) (born September 27, 1979 in Nagybátony, Hungary) is a Hungarian actress and model, often credited as Zita Gorog.	Zita Görög	Hungary
country of citizenship	Orou Gabé Orou Sego is a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Benin, beginning in 2004.	Orou Gabé Orou Sego	Benin
country of citizenship	João Bernardo Vieira II, born in Bissau in August 17, 1977 is the Secretary of State for Transport and Communications of Guinea-Bissau and the spokesperson of the biggest party in Guinea-Bissau.	João Bernardo Vieira II	Guinea-Bissau
country of citizenship	August William Kolehmainen (December 30, 1887 -- June 26, 1967), known in Finland as Viljami Kolehmainen, was a Finnish-American long-distance runner and track and field coach.	William Kolehmainen	Finland
country of citizenship	Mallam Aliyu Mai-Bornu (1919 - 23 February 1970) was a Nigerian economist, and the first indigenous Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria.	Aliyu Mai-Bornu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Heikki L, real name Heikki Liimatainen, is a house music producer, DJ and remixer from Finland.	Heikki L	Finland
country of citizenship	The Venerable Chanmyay Sayadaw U Janakābhivaṃsa, (Burmese: ချမ်းမြေ့ဆရာတော် ဦးဇနကာဘိဝံသ, pronounced: (tɕʰáɴmjḛ sʰəjàdɔ̀ ú za̰nəkàbḭwʊ̀ɴθa̰); born 24 July 1928) is a Theravada Buddhist monk from Myanmar.	Chanmyay Sayadaw	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Njoki Susanna Ndung'u (born, 20 September 1965) is a Kenyan lawyer and an Associate justice of the Supreme Court of Kenya.	Njoki Susanna Ndung'u	Kenya
country of citizenship	Mestre Cobra Mansa (born Cinézio Feliciano Peçanha, 1960 in Duque de Caxias, Brazil) commonly known as Cobrinha, Cobrinha Mansa, is a mestre or master of Capoeira Angola.	Cobra Mansa	Brazil
country of citizenship	Ángel Martínez Casado (Retuerto, León Province, Spain, 1947) is a Dominican friar and PhD (doctor) in History and Theology.	Ángel Martínez Casado	Spain
country of citizenship	Giovanni Passannante (Italian pronunciation: (dʒoˈvanni ˈpassanˈnantɛ); February 19, 1849 -- February 14, 1910) was an Italian anarchist who attempted to assassinate king Umberto I of Italy, the first attempt against Savoy monarchy since its origins.	Giovanni Passannante	Italy
country of citizenship	Neeta Kadam (Devanagari: नीता कदम) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India.	Neeta Kadam	India
country of citizenship	Sergey Ivanovich Morozov (Russian -- Серге́й Ива́нович Моро́зов) (born 6 September 1959, Ulyanovsk) is the governor of Ulyanovsk Oblast in Russia.	Sergey Ivanovich Morozov	Russia
country of citizenship	Elin Rosseland (born April 5, 1959 in Norway) is a singer, bandleader, and composer who studied at the Norwegian Academy of Music and is known from collaborations with Vigleik Storaas, Johannes Eick, Sidsel Endresen, Eldbjørg Raknes, Christian Wallumrød, and Johannes Eick.	Elin Rosseland	Norway
country of citizenship	Bageshwori Dutt Chataut (Nepali: बागेश्वरी दत्त चटौत) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist).	Bageshwori Dutt Chataut	Nepal
country of citizenship	On 7 May 2012, Storebrand announced that Idar Kreutzer would leave Storebrand and join Finance Norway as managing director.	Idar Kreutzer	Norway
country of citizenship	Wilson Bugembe is a Ugandan gospel musician and pastor at ``Light the World Ministries'' in Kampala, Uganda	Wilson Bugembe	Uganda
country of citizenship	After the war, Nikitaras was jailed with his uncle Kolokotronis as strong opponents of the Bavarian King Otto of Greece.	Nikitaras	Greece
country of citizenship	Touch Pancharong (born 5 March 1990, in Koh Kong, Cambodia) is Cambodian footballer who plays for home town club Boeung Ket Angkor in Cambodian League.	Touch Pancharong	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Xu Zhongxing, Encyclopedia of China (Chinese Literature Edition), 1st ed.	Xu Zhongxing	China
country of citizenship	Eric Rijkaert also written Eric Rijckaert (1943 --27 January 2001) was born in Oostwinkel, Belgium.	Eric Rijkaert	Belgium
country of citizenship	Luis Mena Vado was the President of Nicaragua from 27 to 30 August 1910, after the fall of the government of General José Santos Zelaya.	Luis Mena	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Michael Sagmeister (born 27 July 1959 in Frankfurt, Germany) is a German Jazz guitarist.	Michael Sagmeister	Germany
country of citizenship	Hannah Monyer (born 3 October 1957, in Laslea, Romania) is a Romanian-born (Transylvanian Saxon) German neurobiologist and, since 1999, she has been Director of the Department of Clinical Neurology at the University Hospital in Heidelberg.	Hannah Monyer	Romania
country of citizenship	Abdul-Basit Adam (born 13 February 1995, Kumasi, Ghana) is a Ghanaian professional footballer, who plays as a striker for Free State Stars.	Abdul-Basit Adam	Ghana
country of citizenship	Arthur Fairchild Pearce (18 December 1903 -- 6 March 1990) was a New Zealand clerk, jazz specialist, broadcaster and pianist.	Arthur Fairchild Pearce	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Vũ Anh Tuấn (born on September 15, 1987 in Vietnam) is a Vietnamese footballer who is a Midfielder for Hoàng Anh Gia Lai F.C..	Vũ Anh Tuấn	Vietnam
country of origin	Bomb Girls is a Canadian television drama that debuted on January 4, 2012 on Global and Univision Canada in Spanish.	Bomb Girls	Canada
country of origin	The Legend of the Sky Kingdom is a 2003 animated feature film from Zimbabwe - the country's and Africa's first.	The Legend of the Sky Kingdom	Zimbabwe
country of origin	Fat Choi Spirit (traditional Chinese: 嚦咕嚦咕新年財; simplified Chinese: 呖咕呖咕新年财) is a 2002 Hong Kong comedy film produced and directed by Johnnie To and Wai Ka-fai, and starring Andy Lau, Lau Ching-wan, Louis Koo, Gigi Leung and Cherrie In.	Fat Choi Spirit	Hong Kong
country of origin	Gattu released in India on 20 April 2012.	Gattu	India
country of origin	Cincin (which literally translates to 'ring cakes' in English) is a traditional kuih for the Bruneian Malay people in the states of Sabah in East Malaysia.	Cincin	Malaysia
country of origin	South Asian Veggie Table is a cooking show first produced for the Omni Television, an Ontario television network in Canada.	South Asian Veggie Table	Canada
country of origin	AT5 (Amstel Television 5) is a local television station in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.	AT5	Netherlands
country of origin	The London Mathematical Society (LMS) is one of the United Kingdom's learned societies for mathematics (the others being the Royal Statistical Society (RSS) and the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications (IMA)).	London Mathematical Society	United Kingdom
country of origin	It is set in France, centering on the character Brice of Nice (``Brice de Nice'') originally created by Dujardin for a stage sketch.	Brice de Nice	France
country of origin	Krotekaker is a traditional flatbread from the Hardanger region of Norway.	Krotekake	Norway
country of origin	Chakka prathaman is a traditional payasam (pudding) of Kerala, India.	Chakka prathaman	India
country of origin	Two months later on December 17, Just Friends? was theatrically released in South Korea.	Just Friends?	South Korea
country of origin	Najbolje godine (English: The best years )was the popular Croatian television drama series produced by Nova TV (Croatia).	Najbolje godine	Croatia
country of origin	The Constitution of the Year VIII (French: Constitution de l'an VIII) was a national constitution of France, adopted December 24, 1799 (during the Year VIII of the French Revolutionary Calendar), which established the form of government known as the Consulate.	Constitution of the Year VIII	France
country of origin	Dong Puno Live is a live, debate program of ABS-CBN shown late nights in the Philippines.	Dong Puno Live	Philippines
country of origin	The Truth About Jane and Sam (Chinese: 真心話; Simplified Chinese: 真心话) is a 1999 Hong Kong film co-produced by Hong Kong's Film Unlimited and Singapore's Raintree Pictures.	The Truth About Jane and Sam	Hong Kong	Singapore
country of origin	The Prêmio Jabuti (the ``Tortoise Prize'') is a well-known literary award in Brazil.	Prêmio Jabuti	Brazil
country of origin	Leblon Cachaça is a premium artisanal brand of the spirit cachaça (pronounced ka-SHA-sa) produced at the Destilaria Maison Leblon in the Minas Gerais region of Brazil.	Leblon Cachaça	Brazil
country of origin	Pour Un Maillot Jaune is a French 1965 documentary -- described as a cinematic tribute -- about the 1965 Tour de France.	Pour Un Maillot Jaune	France
country of origin	Pièces à Conviction (French for ``incriminating evidence'') is a monthly French investigative journalism TV program that airs on France 3.	Pièces à Conviction	France
country of origin	Sang Penari touches on the history of communism in Indonesia, focusing on the nation's communist party spreading its ideology and the government's purge of the Communist Party's members from 1965--1966, which is thought to have killed several hundred thousand.	Sang Penari	Indonesia
country of origin	Henry's World is a Canadian animated children's series produced for Canada's Family Channel by Cuppa Coffee Animation and Alliance Atlantis Communications.	Henry's World	Canada
country of origin	Our Rice House (Chinese: 我们的饭店) is a modern Singaporean Chinese 8 episode family drama which is telecast on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp TV Channel 8.	Our Rice House	Singapore
country of origin	Produced in partnership with the Canadian Film Centre, the Canada Council, Telefilm Canada and the Ontario Film Development Corporation, Zero Patience opened to mixed reviews but went on to win a number of prestigious Canadian film awards.	Zero Patience	Canada
country of origin	Ekbar Bolo Bhalobashi (Bengali: একবার বল ভালবাসি; English: Just One Time, say you love me) is a Dhallywood Bengali film that released on August 31, 2011 in Eid ul-Fitr and went on to become a box-office success in Bangladesh.	Ekbar Bolo Bhalobashi	Bangladesh
country of origin	Boxer's Adventure, also released as Militant Eagle, is a 1979 Taiwan martial arts action film starring Tao-liang Tan and Jack Lung Sai-Ga.	Boxer's Adventure	Taiwan
country of origin	Kick-Heart was the first successful anime project from a major commercial animation studio in Japan to use crowdfunding (via Kickstarter) to finance its production.	Kick-Heart	Japan
country of origin	Sensing Murder is a television series in New Zealand, Australia, and the United States, in which alleged psychics are asked to act as psychic detectives to help provide evidence that might be useful in solving famous unsolved murder cases in each country by communicating with the deceased victims.	Sensing Murder	Australia
country of origin	Weekendavisen (meaning The Weekend Newspaper in English) is a Danish weekly broadsheet newspaper published on Fridays in Denmark.	Weekendavisen	Denmark
country of origin	Fantasy Mission Force (Chinese: 迷你特攻隊)(Min ne te gong-dui) is a 1983 Hong Kong action-comedy film directed by Chu Yen-ping and starring Jackie Chan (who got top billing) in a supporting role, Brigitte Lin, Jimmy Wang Yu.	Fantasy Mission Force	Hong Kong
country of origin	David der Tolhildan is a 2007 documentary film directed by Mano Khalil and produced in Switzerland.	David der Tolhildan	Switzerland
country of origin	The .303/25, sometimes known as the .25/303 is a wildcat centrefire rifle cartridge, based on the .303 British, necked down to fire a .257 projectile, originating in Australia in the 1940s as a cartridge for sporterised rifles, particularly on the Lee--	.303/25	Australia
country of origin	Ed's Nite In is a Canadian short-lived TV series on Citytv in Toronto, Canada, hosted by Ed the Sock.	Ed's Nite In	Canada
country of origin	Elders with Andrew Denton is a television interview show broadcast on ABC1 in Australia.	Elders with Andrew Denton	Australia
country of origin	At the End of My Leash also airs in Canada on Global, HGTV and The National Geographic Channel.	At the End of My Leash	Canada
creator	The Bar Ilan Responsa Project (the Global Jewish Database) is a collection of Jewish texts in Hebrew, released on CD by the Bar-Ilan University (in Ramat Gan, Israel).	Bar Ilan Responsa Project	Bar-Ilan University
creator	Potter Puppet Pals is a puppet show web series parodying the Harry Potter novel series by JK Rowling, created by Neil Cicierega.	Potter Puppet Pals	Neil Cicierega
creator	The Alchemist Discovering Phosphorus is a painting by Joseph Wright of Derby originally completed in 1771 then reworked in 1795.	The Alchemist Discovering Phosphorus	Joseph Wright of Derby
creator	The A-Team was created by writers and producers Stephen J. Cannell and Frank Lupo at the behest of Brandon Tartikoff, NBC's Entertainment president.	The A-Team	Frank Lupo
creator	Operation Dropshot was the United States Department of Defense codename for a contingency plan for a possible nuclear and conventional war with the Soviet Union and its allies in order to counter the anticipated Soviet takeover of Western Europe, the Near East and parts of Eastern Asia expected to start around 1957.	Operation Dropshot	Department of Defense
creator	The World of Null-A, sometimes written The World of Ā, is a 1948 science fiction novel by A. E. van Vogt.	The World of Null-A	A. E. van Vogt
creator	White House at Night is an oil on canvas painting created on 16 June 1890 at around 8:00 PM in the small town of Auvers-sur-Oise by Vincent van Gogh, a mere six weeks before his death.	White House at Night	Vincent van Gogh
creator	John from Cincinnati is the result of a collaborative effort between writer/producer David Milch and author Kem Nunn, whose novels have been termed ``surf noir''.	John from Cincinnati	David Milch
creator	Tom Strong is a comic book created by writer Alan Moore and artist Chris Sprouse, initially published bi-monthly by America's Best Comics, an imprint of DC Comics' Wildstorm division.	Tom Strong	Alan Moore
creator	Nip/Tuck is an American television drama series created by Ryan Murphy; it aired on FX in the United States from July 18, 2003 to March 3, 2010.	Nip/Tuck	Ryan Murphy
creator	The Zoka-ol-Molk I is a painting by the Iranian realism painter Kamal-ol-molk with oil on cotton duck.	The Zoka-ol-Molk I	Kamal-ol-molk
creator	The Portrait of Giovanni de' Medici as a Child (c. 1545) is an oil on panel painting by the Florentine artist Agnolo Bronzino.	Portrait of Giovanni de' Medici as a Child	Bronzino
creator	The Creation of Adam is a fresco painting by Michelangelo, which forms part of the Sistine Chapel's ceiling, painted c. 1511--1512.	The Creation of Adam	Michelangelo
creator	O Glorioso Retorno de Quem Nunca Esteve Aqui is the first studio album by the Brazilian rapper Emicida.	O Glorioso Retorno de Quem Nunca Esteve Aqui	Emicida
creator	Arc de 124,5° is an outdoor sculpture by the French conceptual artist Bernar Venet, installed in Tempelhof-Schöneberg, Berlin, Germany.	Arc de 124,5°	Bernar Venet
creator	Seven Easy Pieces was a series of performances given by artist Marina Abramović in New York City at the Guggenheim Museum in November 2005.	Seven Easy Pieces	Marina Abramović
creator	Evil Con Carne is an American animated series/spin-off of Grim & Evil and sister show of The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy, created by Maxwell Atoms.	Evil Con Carne	Maxwell Atoms
creator	Johnny Bravo is an American animated television series created by Van Partible for Cartoon Network, and the second of the network's Cartoon Cartoons.	Johnny Bravo	Van Partible
creator	The Expulsion of Heliodorus from the Temple is a fresco of the Italian renaissance painter Raphael.	The Expulsion of Heliodorus from the Temple	Raphael
creator	L'Homme au hamac, also referred to as Man in a Hammock, is a painting created in 1913 by the French artist, theorist and writer Albert Gleizes.	Man in a Hammock	Albert Gleizes
creator	The Following is an American television drama series created by Kevin Williamson, and jointly produced by Outerbanks Entertainment and Warner Bros. Television.	The Following	Kevin Williamson
creator	The Woody Woodpecker Show is a long-running 30-minute American television series mainly composed of the animated cartoon escapades of Woody Woodpecker and other Walter Lantz characters including Andy Panda, Chilly Willy, and Inspector Willoughby released by Walter Lantz Productions.	The Woody Woodpecker Show	Walter Lantz
creator	The Eidophusikon (Greek: Ειδωφυσικον) was a piece of art, no longer extant, created by 18th century English painter Philip James de Loutherbourg.	Eidophusikon	Philip James de Loutherbourg
creator	The Sock Knitter is a 1915 painting by the Australian artist Grace Cossington Smith.	The Sock Knitter	Grace Cossington Smith
creator	Impression, Sunrise (French: Impression, soleil levant) is a painting by Claude Monet.	Impression, Sunrise	Claude Monet
creator	A Winter Scene with Skaters near a Castle is an oil on oak painting undertaken between 1608 and 1609 by the Dutch artist Hendrick Avercamp.	A Winter Scene with Skaters near a Castle	Hendrick Avercamp
creator	Created by Gene Deitch under the Terrytoons studio (which by that time was a subsidiary of CBS, the network that broadcast Captain Kangaroo), Tom Terrific ran in a series of five-minute cartoons created specifically for the Captain Kangaroo show from 1957-1959, and was rerun on Kangaroo for years thereafter.	Tom Terrific	Gene Deitch
creator	Portrait of Mariana of Austria is an oil-on-canvas painting by Diego Velázquez completed in 1652--53.	Portrait of Mariana of Austria	Diego Velázquez
creator	Taste in High Life is an oil-on-canvas painting (engraving seen on the right) from around 1742, by William Hogarth.	Taste in High Life	William Hogarth
creator	Femme aux Bras Croisés (Woman with Folded Arms), is a painting by Pablo Picasso done in 1902 during his Blue Period.	Femme aux Bras Croisés	Pablo Picasso
creator	Happy Tree Friends (HTF) is an American flash cartoon created and developed by Aubrey Ankrum, Rhode Montijo, Kenn Navarro and Warren Graff for Mondo Media.	Happy Tree Friends	Aubrey Ankrum
date of birth	Brenda Walker (born in Grafton, New South Wales in 1957) is an Australian writer.	Brenda Walker	1957
date of birth	Maher Sabry (in Arabic ماهر صبري, born 11 April 1967) is an Egyptian theater director, playwright, film director, producer and screenwriter, poet, writer and cartoonist.	Maher Sabry	11 April 1967
date of birth	Ebenezer Henderson (17 November 1784 -- 17 May 1858) was a Scottish minister and missionary.	Ebenezer Henderson	17 November 1784
date of birth	Mark Wildman (born 25 January 1936) is an English snooker and pool commentator and a retired professional snooker and English billiards player.	Mark Wildman	25 January 1936
date of birth	Paul Earley (born 3 July 1964) is a former Irish sportsman who played Australian rules football for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and Gaelic football for Roscommon.	Paul Earley	3 July 1964
date of birth	Dave Holby (born 25 December 1980) is a British indoor rowing endurance world record holder.	Dave Holby	25 December 1980
date of birth	Prince Abdi (born 21 July 1982) is a Somali-born British stand-up comedian and actor.	Prince Abdi	21 July 1982
date of birth	Ofer Lellouche (Hebrew: עופר ללוש‎, born 1947) is an Israeli painter, sculptor, etcher and video artist	Ofer Lellouche	1947
date of birth	Herbert Hall Winslow (1865--1930) was an American stage actor and playwright.	Herbert Hall Winslow	1865
date of birth	John Nugent, 5th Earl of Westmeath (1671 -- 3 July 1754).	John Nugent, 5th Earl of Westmeath	1671
date of birth	Jeff Rein (born 1953) is a former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens, a drug store chain in the United States.	Jeff Rein	1953
date of birth	Bob Shaheen (born 1933 as Robert A. Shaheen) is a retired American businessman of Syrian descent who worked in Saudi Arabia starting in the early 1960s.	Bob Shaheen	1933
date of birth	Violet Tweedale, née Chambers (1862 -- 10 December 1936), was a Scottish author, poet, and spiritualist.	Violet Tweedale	1862
date of birth	Liu Yue (Chinese: 刘越 born 12 July 1975) is a former Chinese international football defender who played for Shandong Luneng, Yunnan Hongta F.C. and Chongqing Lifan F.C. while also representing China in the 1996 Asian Cup.	Liu Yue	12 July 1975
date of birth	Conor O'Grady (born 27 May 1980) is a former Irish footballer who last played for Ballinamallard United.	Conor O'Grady	27 May 1980
date of birth	Jacques-Louis Copia, a French engraver, was born at Landau in 1764.	Jacques-Louis Copia	1764
date of birth	Simon Maina Munyi (born 18 March 1978) is a Kenyan former long-distance runner who competed in track and road running events.	Simon Maina	18 March 1978
date of birth	Gary M. Burge (born 1952) is an American author and professor.	Gary M. Burge	1952
date of birth	Atif Butt (born 28 November 1969) is a Pakistani-born former Danish cricketer.	Atif Butt	28 November 1969
date of birth	Liu Shueh-Shuan (Chinese: 劉學軒; pinyin: Liú Xuéxuān) (4 March 1969 in Chang-hua, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese composer.	Liu Shueh-Shuan	4 March 1969
date of birth	Jelena Mihailović, also known as Jela Mihailovic (born 6 October 1987), is a Serbian cellist based in Belgrade and Los Angeles who performs classical and contemporary music under the artistic name JelaCello.	Jelena Mihailović	6 October 1987
date of birth	Joe Oloka-Onyango (born 16 September 1960 in North London, England) is a Ugandan lawyer and academic.	Joe Oloka-Onyango	16 September 1960
date of birth	Ben Helfgott (born 22 November 1929) is a Polish born British Holocaust survivor and former champion weightlifter.	Ben Helfgott	22 November 1929
date of birth	Tan Wei Shu (born 8 February 1956) was the Member of the State Assembly of Kedah for the seat of Bakar Arang from 2008 to 2013.	Tan Wei Shu	8 February 1956
date of birth	Azis (Cyrillic: Азис) (born Vasil Trayanov Boyanov; Cyrillic: Васил Трaянов Боянов) (born 7 March 1978) is a Bulgarian Chalga (pop-folk) singer, of Roma (Gypsy) descent.	Azis	7 March 1978
date of birth	Ekaterina Karsten (Belarusian: Кацярына Карстэн, Kaciaryna Karsten; Russian: Екатерина Карстен; born 2 June 1972) is a Belarusian rower, an Olympic champion and world champion in single sculls.	Ekaterina Karsten	2 June 1972
date of birth	Annica Dahlström (born 1941) is a Swedish physician and Professor Emerita of Histology and Neuroscience at the Department of Medical Chemistry and Cell Biology at Gothenburg University.	Annica Dahlström	1941
date of birth	Gabriel Thomson (born 27 October 1986) is an English actor, best known for his role as Michael Harper in the British situation comedy series My Family.	Gabriel Thomson	27 October 1986
date of birth	``Grace'' Peng Yun (Chinese: 彭云; born 15 July 1974) is a former international badminton player from China, now representing the United States.	Peng Yun	15 July 1974
date of birth	Cheryl Anne Lorance (born 1969 in Muncie, Indiana) is an American sculptor, painter, goldsmith, and intaglio printmaker.	Cheryl Anne Lorance	1969
date of birth	Katarína Kachlíková (born 2 June 1985 in Žilina, Czechoslovakia) is a former professional Slovak tennis player.	Katarína Kachlíková	2 June 1985
date of birth	Aki Ra is unsure of his age, but believes he was born in 1970 or 1973.	Aki Ra	1970
date of birth	Aleksander Konjajev (born 3 June 1909) was a Russian born Slovene agronomist and dean of the Biotechnology Faculty at the University of Ljubljana.	Aleksander Konjajev	3 June 1909
date of birth	Kwon Sang-ha(1641 - September 2, 1712) was a politician and Neo-Confucian scholar of Joseon Dynasty.	Kwon Sang-ha	1641
date of birth	Yu Guoxing (Chinese: 俞国行; born December 1944) is a politician of the People's Republic of China and the former chairman of Zhejiang People's Congress.	Yu Guoxing	December 1944
date of birth	Huang E (Chinese: 黄峨; 1498--1569) was a Chinese poet of the Ming dynasty and is also known as Huang Xiumei (黄秀眉).	Huang E	1498
date of birth	Patrick Doyle (born 6 April 1953) is a Scottish film composer.	Patrick Doyle	6 April 1953
date of birth	Sir John Allen Johnson-Walsh, 1st Baronet (c. 1745 -- December 1831) was an Irish landowner and Member of Parliament.	John Allen Johnson-Walsh	1745
date of birth	Augusto Alberici (born September 1846, Trastavere, Rome) was an Italian painter and antiquarian.	Augusto Alberici	1846
date of birth	Nam Le (born 1978) is a Vietnamese-born Australian writer, who won the Dylan Thomas Prize for his book The Boat, a collection of short stories.	Nam Le	1978
date of birth	Slavo Kukić (born 1954 in Vinjani, Posušje, Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian Croat sociologist and politician.	Slavo Kukić	1954
date of birth	Gumpe Rime (born 12 October 1975 in Aalo Arunachal Pradesh) is a former Indian footballer and is the current Head of Youth DevelopementSLFC.	Gumpe Rime	12 October 1975
date of birth	Colin Tommis (born 1958) is a composer, song writer, session guitarist and teacher.	Colin Tommis	1958
date of birth	Joseph Bentwich (Hebrew: 'יוסף בנטוויץ‎; born 3 February 1902, died 1982) was an Israeli educator.	Joseph Bentwich	3 February 1902
date of birth	Rabbi Yaakov Yitzchok Ruderman (1901, Daŭhinava - July 11, 1987) was a prominent Talmudic scholar and rabbi who founded and served as rosh yeshiva (yeshiva head) of Yeshiva Ner Yisroel in Baltimore.	Yaakov Yitzchok Ruderman	1901
date of birth	Boyan Tabakov (Bulgarian: Боян Табаков) (born on 2 February 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer.	Boyan Tabakov	2 February 1990
date of birth	Horia Brenciu (born 27 August 1972 in Brașov) is a Romanian singer, television host for the Romanian version of Dancing with the Stars, successful entertainer, and philanthropist.	Horia Brenciu	27 August 1972
date of birth	Joralf Gjerstad (born 11 April 1926) is a Norwegian self identified psychic and faith healer.	Joralf Gjerstad	11 April 1926
date of birth	Trefor Puw (born 1958) Is a Welsh politician and member of Plaid Cymru.	Trefor Puw	1958
date of birth	Israr Ahmad (19 December 1940 -- 2 April 2010) was an Indian theoretical nuclear physicist and professor at Aligarh Muslim University since 1961.	Israr Ahmad	19 December 1940
date of birth	Sir James Anderson (1824-1893) captained the SS Great Eastern on the laying of the Transatlantic telegraph cable in 1865 and 1866.	Sir James Anderson	1824
date of birth	Christoffer Karlsson (born 27 January 1988) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Linköping City He was bought by Djurgårdens IF from Åtvidaberg at the start of the 2005 season, and was loaned out to Åtvidaberg for 2005 and 2006 and joined Djurgården in 2007.	Christoffer Karlsson	27 January 1988
date of birth	Sergent Blandan (9 February 1819 -- 12 April 1842) was a French soldier, Jean Pierre Hippolyte Blandan, known for his historic resistance on the battlefield at Boufarik in Algeria.	Sergent Blandan	9 February 1819
date of birth	Rosamunde Pilcher, OBE (née Scott; born 22 September 1924) is a British writer of several short-stories and 28 romance novels and mainstream women's fiction from 1949 to 2000, when she retired from writing.	Rosamunde Pilcher	22 September 1924
date of birth	Julian Jeanvier (born 31 March 1992) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Red Star F.C in the Ligue 2 on loan from Ligue 1 side Lille OSC.	Julian Jeanvier	31 March 1992
date of birth	Hans Warren Christie (born 4 November 1975) is a Northern Irish-born Canadian television and film actor known for his roles as Ray Cataldo on the ABC drama October Road and as Aidan ``Greggy'' Stiviletto on the ABC series Happy Town.	Warren Christie	4 November 1975
date of birth	Matija Ahacel, also known in German as Matthias Achazel (24 February 1779 -- 23 September 1845), born Matija Kobentar, was a Carinthian Slovene philologist, publicist, and collector of folk songs.	Matija Ahacel	24 February 1779
date of birth	Mansooreh Hosseini (Persian: منصوره حسینی; born 1926 -- 13 June 2012) was an Iranian contemporary artist and one of the pioneers of the country's modern art.	Mansooreh Hosseini	1926
date of birth	Jürg Federspiel (28 June 1931 -- 12 January 2007) was a Swiss writer, born in Kemptthal, Canton Zurich.	Jürg Federspiel	28 June 1931
date of birth	Éva Tétényi (born 25 December 1961) is a Hungarian politician, who served as the mayor of Esztergom between 2010 and 2014.	Éva Tétényi	25 December 1961
date of birth	Sokratis Dioudis (Greek: Σωκρατης Διουδης; born 3 February 1993) is a Greek footballer.	Sokratis Dioudis	3 February 1993
date of birth	Zenobius Membre, O.M.R. (1645--c.1687), was a French Franciscan Recollect friar and missionary in North America.	Zenobius Membre	1645
date of birth	Polhané Sönam Topgyé (Tibetan: ཕོ་ལྷ་ནས་བསོད་ནམས་སྟོབས་རྒྱས, Wylie: Pho lha nas bsod nams stobs rgyas) (1689 -- 12 March 1747) was one of the most important political personalities of Tibet in the first half of the 18th century.	Polhané Sönam Topgyé	1689
date of birth	Madeleine Rosca (born Madeleine Bensley; 1977) is an Australian artist and author.	Madeleine Rosca	1977
date of birth	Mieczysław Gocuł (born 21 May 1963) is a Polish General and the Chief of General Staff of the Polish Armed Forces since May 2013.	Mieczysław Gocuł	21 May 1963
date of birth	Enrique Boned Guillot (born 4 May 1978), commonly known as Kike, is a former Spanish futsal player who plays for ElPozo Murcia FS as a Defender.	Enrique Boned Guillot	4 May 1978
date of birth	Charles John Brydges (23 February 1827 in London, England -- 16 February 1889 in Winnipeg) the son of Thomas and Mary Brydges.	Charles John Brydges	1827
date of birth	Michal Šlesingr (ˈmɪxal ˈʃlɛsɪŋɡr̩) (born 3 February 1983) is a Czech biathlete.	Michal Šlesingr	3 February 1983
date of birth	Mark Calderwood (born 25 October 1981 in Greenwich, London) is an English professional rugby league footballer.	Mark Calderwood	25 October 1981
date of birth	Jesús Aarón Soto Sánchez (born 2 July 1985) is a Mexican former football goalkeeper who played for Chiapas reserve team.	Jesús Aarón Soto	2 July 1985
date of birth	Chao Yat (草日, 21 May 1968-) is a Hong Kong comics artist, his comics first appeared in Ming Pao in 1991.	Chao Yat	21 May 1968
date of birth	Ola Schubert (formerly Ola Bergner) (born 19 March 1972 in Täby) is a Swedish Flash animator whose films have won awards in film festivals and on popular internet sites such as Newgrounds and FWA.	Ola Schubert	19 March 1972
date of birth	Igone de Jongh (born 9 September 1979) is a Dutch ballerina and principal dancer with the Dutch National Ballet.	Igone de Jongh	9 September 1979
date of birth	Jody Arnol (born 25 September 1968) is a former Australian rules football player who played for St Kilda in the Australian Football League during the 1990 and 1991 AFL seasons.	Jody Arnol	25 September 1968
date of birth	Yanis Sahraoui better known by his stage name Sliimy, pronounced like ``Jimmy'', (born 16 September 1988) is a French pop musician of Moroccan-Algerian descent who in 2009 released the album Paint Your Face, which reached number 2 in the French charts.	Sliimy	16 September 1988
date of birth	Marvin Klegman (c. 1938 - April 13, 1949) was a member of the school safety patrol at Lowell Elementary School in Tacoma, Washington who was killed during the 1949 Olympia earthquake.	Marvin Klegman	1938
date of birth	Karolis Bauža (born 24 April 1987) is a Lithuanian judoka from city of Jurbarkas.	Karolis Bauža	24 April 1987
date of birth	Frank Brannon (born 1965) is a book and paper artist living near Dillsboro in North Carolina.	Frank Brannon	1965
date of birth	Tom Boonen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈtɔm ˈboːnə(n)); born 15 October 1980) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer who won the 2005 world road race championship.	Tom Boonen	15 October 1980
date of birth	Borislav Dević (Serbian Cyrillic: Борислав Девић, born 9 January 1963) is a Serbian retired track athlete and marathoner who specialized in various disciplines in middle-distance and long-distance races.	Borislav Dević	9 January 1963
date of birth	Nigel Burch (born 1954, Braintree, Essex) is an east London songwriter, musician, poet, and graphic artist now based in the London Borough of Hackney.	Nigel Burch	1954
date of birth	Fehmi Alpay Özalan, known as Alpay, (born 29 May 1973) is a former Turkish footballer, who is currently a member of the management committee of Siirtspor.	Alpay Özalan	29 May 1973
date of birth	Aliou Coly (born 10 December 1992) is a Senegalese footballer playing as a striker for Kristiansund in the Adeccoligaen.	Aliou Coly	10 December 1992
date of birth	Willard Wigan, MBE (born June 1957) is an English sculptor from Ashmore Park Estate, Wednesfield, England, who makes microscopic art. His sculptures are typically placed in the eye of a needle or on the head of a pin.	Willard Wigan	1957
date of birth	Robert Cleveley (1747, Deptford -- 28 September 1809, Dover) was an English maritime painter.	Robert Cleveley	1747
date of birth	Otto Friedrich Bernhard von Linstow (17 October 1842 -- 3 May 1916) was a German high-ranking medical officer (Oberstabsarzt und Regimentsarzt) and helminthologist.	Otto Friedrich Bernhard von Linstow	17 October 1842
date of birth	Nick Butterworth (born 15 April 1946) is a British children's author and illustrator.	Nick Butterworth	1946
date of birth	Meghdad Ghobakhlou (Persian: مقداد قباخلو‎‎, pronounced (mɛɢdɑd ɛ ɢobɑxlu); born 23 August 1982) is an Iranian football player.	Meghdad Ghobakhlou	23 August 1982
date of birth	Denny Johnstone (born 9 January 1995) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Greenock Morton on loan from English club Birmingham City.	Denny Johnstone	9 January 1995
date of birth	Fran Cosgrave (born 30 December 1977) is an Irish nightclub owner, famous for appearing on reality television programmes and being the former Westlife bodyguard.	Fran Cosgrave	30 December 1977
date of birth	John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich, PC, FRS (13 November 1718 -- 30 April 1792) was a British statesman who succeeded his grandfather, Edward Montagu, 3rd Earl of Sandwich, as the Earl of Sandwich in 1729, at the age of ten.	John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich	13 November 1718
date of birth	Natasha Sagardia (born 1986), is a top-ranked International Bodyboarding Association (IBA) world tour competitor and is the 2008 International Surfing Association (ISA) World Gold Medalist in the Women's Bodyboard category.	Natasha Sagardia	1986
date of birth	Rainie Yang (traditional Chinese: 楊丞琳; simplified Chinese: 杨丞琳; pinyin: Yáng Chénglín; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Iû Sêng-lîm; born 4 June 1984) is a Taiwanese singer, actress and TV host.	Rainie Yang	4 June 1984
date of birth	Tudor Aaron Istodor (born 24 May 1984, sometimes credited as Tudor Istodor) is a Romanian actor.	Tudor Istodor	24 May 1984
date of birth	Sycerika McMahon (born 11 April 1995) is an Irish swimmer from Portaferry, County Down McMahon won a bronze medal in the 400m freestyle at the 2010 European Junior Swimming Championships in Helsinki with a time of 4:15.92, an Irish junior record.	Sycerika McMahon	11 April 1995
date of birth	Yavuz Yapıcıoğlu (born 1967) is a Turkish serial killer and arsonist.	Yavuz Yapıcıoğlu	1967
date of birth	Michelle Tea (born Michelle Tomasik, 1971) is an American author, poet, and literary arts organizer whose autobiographical works explore queer culture, feminism, race, class, prostitution, and other topics.	Michelle Tea	1971
date of birth	Jason Withe (born 16 August 1971) is an English former football player, turned coach and manager.	Jason Withe	16 August 1971
date of birth	Saša Ivković (Serbian Cyrillic: Саша Ивковић; born 13 May 1993) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Voždovac, on loan from SuperLiga side Partizan.	Saša Ivković	13 May 1993
date of birth	Boris Romanovich Rotenberg (Russian: Ротенберг Борис Романович, born 3 January 1957) is a Russian business man and oligarch.	Boris Romanovich Rotenberg	3 January 1957
date of birth	Edward George Richardson (15 April 1903 -- 29 December 1987), known as Eddie Richardson, was an Irish politician who was a member of the Nationalist Party.	Edward George Richardson	1903
date of birth	Markus Beyer (born 28 April 1971) is a German former professional boxer who won the WBC super middleweight title.	Markus Beyer	28 April 1971
date of birth	María Inés Falconi (Buenos Aires, 1954) is an award-winning Argentine writer and theatre director for children and young adults.	María Inés Falconi	1954
date of birth	Sidney Blunt (13 April 1902 -- 1965) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Port Vale.	Sidney Blunt	13 April 1902
date of birth	Carmen Luvana (born 23 August 1981) is the stage name of a retired American pornographic actress.	Carmen Luvana	23 August 1981
date of birth	Arne Nøst (born 17 July 1962) is a Norwegian graphic artist and theatre director.	Arne Nøst	1962
date of birth	Major General Emilio Díaz Colón (born c. 1950), is a former United States National Guard officer who served as the Adjutant General of the Puerto Rican National Guard.	Emilio Díaz Colón	1950
date of birth	James Henry Govier was born in Britain on 1 August 1910, at Oakley, Buckinghamshire, the only son of Henry Govier and Mary Ann Measey.	James Henry Govier	1 August 1910
date of birth	Nelson W. Winbush (born 1929), is an educator and retired assistant principal.	Nelson W. Winbush	1929
date of birth	Manoel Tobias da Cruz Júnior (born 7 April 1971), commonly known as Manoel Tobias, is a former futsal player.	Manoel Tobias	7 April 1971
date of birth	Valery Nikolayevich Popov (Russian: Валерий Николаевич Попов) (born 6 July 1942) is a Russian diplomat and from 24 May 1990 to 25 December 1991 was the Ambassador of the Soviet Union to Austria, and from 25 December 1991 to 30 August 1996 was Ambassador of Russia to Austria.	Valery Nikolayevich Popov	6 July 1942
date of birth	Walter Haefner (13 September 1910 -- 19 June 2012) was a Swiss businessman and a thoroughbred racehorse owner and breeder in Ireland.	Walter Haefner	13 September 1910
date of birth	Carlo Ancelotti OSI (Italian pronunciation: (ˈkarlo antʃeˈlɔtti); born 10 June 1959) is an Italian football manager and former footballer.	Carlo Ancelotti	10 June 1959
date of birth	Frank Tannenbaum (4 March 1893 -- 1 June 1969) was an Austrian-American historian, sociologist and criminologist.	Frank Tannenbaum	4 March 1893
date of birth	Richard J. Wills Jr (born 3 August 1942) is a bishop of the United Methodist Church, elected in 2004.	Richard J. Wills Jr	3 August 1942
date of birth	Michael Heckert (born 29 October 1950 in Halle an der Saale) is a contemporary painter who dedicates himself to abstract expressionism.	Michael Heckert	29 October 1950
date of birth	Cindy Lynn Brown (born 1973) is a Danish-American poet.	Cindy Lynn Brown	1973
date of birth	Giannis Stathas (Greek: Γιάννης Σταθάς; 1758--1812) was a Greek armatolos during the pre-Greek Revolution era in Greece.	Giannis Stathas	1758
date of birth	Jean E. Sammet (born March 23, 1928 in New York City) is an American computer scientist who developed the FORMAC programming language in 1962.	Jean E. Sammet	1928
date of birth	Rob Heinsoo (born 1964) is an American tabletop game designer.	Rob Heinsoo	1964
date of birth	John Halpin (born 15 November 1961) is a Scottish football player and coach, best known for his long association with Carlisle United.	John Halpin	15 November 1961
date of birth	Remke van Veelen (1978) is a Dutch fiction writer.	Remke van Veelen	1978
date of birth	Gladys Staines (born c. 1951) is the widow of Australian missionary Graham Staines.	Gladys Staines	1951
date of birth	Gertrud Svensdotter (1656--1675) was a Swedish peasant girl.	Gertrud Svensdotter	1656
date of birth	Jason Leland Adams (born 7 February 1963) is an American actor and scenic designer based in Los Angeles.	Jason Leland Adams	7 February 1963
date of birth	Sharon Kovacs (born 15 April 1990), known professionally as Kovacs, is a Dutch singer from Eindhoven.	Sharon Kovacs	15 April 1990
date of birth	Nisar Khan (born 20 September 1982) is an amateur Pakistani boxer who fights in the middleweight (75 kg) class.	Nisar Khan	20 September 1982
date of birth	Waliur Rahman Bhuiyan, OBE (born 2 July 1952) is a Bangladeshi businessman.	Waliur Rahman Bhuiyan	2 July 1952
date of birth	Noah Bridges (fl. 1661), was a stenographer and mathematician.	Noah Bridges	1661
date of birth	Tej Narayan Pandey Alias Pawan Pandey (born 18 March 1981) represents Ayodhya as the Members of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly.	Tej Narayan Pandey	18 March 1981
date of birth	Hamad Khalaily (Arabic: حمد خلايلة‎, Hebrew: חמד חלאילה‎; 1928 - May 13, 2014) was an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment from 1981 until 1984.	Hamad Khalaily	1928
date of birth	Katrina Hart (born 17 May 1990) is an English athlete who won a gold medal for England at the 2010 Commonwealth Games competing in women's 100 m T37 (athletes with cerebral palsy).	Katrina Hart	17 May 1990
date of birth	Dr Andreas Anagnostakis (1826 -- March 27, 1897) was a Greek physician.	Andreas Anagnostakis	1826
date of birth	Angela Washko (born 1986) is a New York-based new media artist and facilitator who works to mobilize communities and creates new forums for discussions of feminism where they do not exist.	Angela Washko	1986
date of birth	Ulfert Wilke (1907--1987) was an internationally recognized painter, calligrapher and art collector connected to the abstract expressionism movement.	Ulfert Wilke	1907
date of birth	Sir Edward Dillwyn Williams FRCP, FRCPath, FMedSci (born 1 April 1929) is a British medical scientist and a Fellow of the Learned Society of Wales.	Dillwyn Williams	1 April 1929
date of birth	Sidney Weighell (pronounce ``weal''; 31 March 1922 -- 13 February 2002) was a British footballer, trade unionist and the General Secretary of the National Union of Railwaymen from 1975 to 1983.	Sidney Weighell	31 March 1922
date of birth	Slobodan Rajčević (born 28 February 1985) in Zrenjanin in Serbia, is a Serbian futsal player who plays for Al Mayadeen Futsal Team and the Serbia national futsal team.	Slobodan Rajčević	28 February 1985
date of birth	Mark E. Rogers (April 19, 1952 -- February 2, 2014), was an American author-illustrator.	Mark E. Rogers	1952
date of birth	Eino Oksanen (born 7 May 1931) was a Finnish marathon runner who won the Boston Marathon three times (1959, 1961 and 1962).	Eino Oksanen	7 May 1931
date of birth	Roman Waschuk (also Roman Vashchuk, ukr.: Роман Ващук), (born 1962 in Toronto, Ontario), ethnic Ukrainian, Canadian diplomat, Ambassador of Canada to Ukraine.	Roman Waschuk	1962
date of birth	Joice Maduaka (born 30 September 1973) is a British track and field athlete, who competes over the 100, 200 and occasionally 400 metres.	Joice Maduaka	30 September 1973
date of birth	Fan Yun (451--503) (simplified Chinese: 范云; traditional Chinese: 范雲) was born in Wuyin (舞阴) (in the northwest of today's Biyang County (泌阳县), Zhumadian Prefect, Henan Province) and lived during the Southern Qi dynasty.	Fan Yun	451
date of birth	Sanjeev Bikhchandani (born 1963) is an Indian businessman, who is the founder and executive vice chairman of Info Edge (India) which owns Naukri.com, a job portal.	Sanjeev Bikhchandani	1963
date of birth	Patrick Zwaanswijk (born 17 January 1975) is a semi-professional Dutch footballer who currently plays for and captains Southern & Ettalong United in Australia's Central Coast Premier League.	Patrick Zwaanswijk	17 January 1975
date of birth	Michael Tunn (born 18 January 1974) is an Australian radio announcer and television presenter.	Michael Tunn	18 January 1974
date of birth	Hemal Gunasekara (born 25 December 1959) is a Sri Lankan politician educated at St Sylvester's College, Kandy and a current Member of Parliament for Matara District.	Hemal Gunasekara	25 December 1959
date of birth	Bishop Teodor Martynyuk (born 1 February 1974 in Yaremche, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) became Auxiliary bishop of Ternopil --	Teodor Martynyuk	1 February 1974
date of birth	Donald W. Burgess (born 1947) is an American meteorologist who has made important contributions to understanding of severe convective storms, particularly tornadoes, radar observations and techniques, as well as to training other meteorologists.	Donald W. Burgess	1947
date of birth	Matthew Keller or Mathew Keller (1810--81) was an early agriculturalist, vintner and distiller in Los Angeles, California, shortly after it became part of the United States following the Mexican War.	Matthew Keller	1810
date of birth	Simon Girty (November 14, 1741 -- February 18, 1818) (a/k/a Katepacomen ) was an American colonial of Scots-Irish birth who served as a liaison between the British and their Indian allies during the American Revolution.	Simon Girty	1741
date of birth	Stefan Erixon (born 1 December 1977) is a Swedish bandy player who until 15 December 2008 played in Russia.	Stefan Erixon	1 December 1977
date of birth	Denis Pagan (born 24 September 1947) is a former Australian rules football coach and player in the VFL/AFL.	Denis Pagan	24 September 1947
date of birth	Mio Isayama (諫山実生, Tokyo, 7 June 1980) is a Japanese singer.	Mio Isayama	7 June 1980
date of birth	Marwan Mabrouk Mansour, sometimes referred to as Marwaan Mabrouk Mansour,(Arabic: مروان المبروك‎) (born 15 December 1989) is a Libyan footballer.	Marwan Mabrouk	15 December 1989
date of birth	Anas Zubedy (born 4 February 1964 in Georgetown, Penang) is a businessman, author, and blogger.	Anas Zubedy	4 February 1964
date of birth	Feyse Tadese Boru (born 19 November 1988) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes in the half marathon.	Feyse Tadese	19 November 1988
date of birth	Marco Kurz (born 16 May 1969) is a retired German footballer and currect coach of Fortuna Düsseldorf.	Marco Kurz	16 May 1969
date of birth	Marvin Liebman (July 21, 1923 -- March 31, 1997), was an American conservative activist and fundraiser, and later in his life, a gay rights advocate.	Marvin Liebman	1923
date of birth	David Robert Coker (20 November 1870 -- 28 November 1938) was an agricultural reformer and a son of Major James Lide Coker, founder of Coker College and Sonoco, Inc.	David Robert Coker	20 November 1870
date of birth	Arno Neumann (7 February 1885 - 7 March 1966) was a German international footballer.	Arno Neumann	7 February 1885
date of birth	Dr Rakhshanda Jalil (born 21 July 1963) ) is a well known Indian writer, critic and literary historian.	Rakhshanda Jalil	21 July 1963
date of birth	Carl Tacy (born c. 1933) is a former college basketball coach at Wake Forest, a university in North Carolina, USA.	Carl Tacy	1933
date of birth	Bernd Gummelt (born 21 December 1963, in Neuruppin) is a retired East German race walker.	Bernd Gummelt	21 December 1963
date of birth	Graham Dudman (born 2 October 1963) is the current Managing Editor of The Sun newspaper.	Graham Dudman	2 October 1963
date of birth	Tamsin West (born 7 March 1974) is an Australian actress and singer, who played Linda Twist, during the first series in the children's television show Round the Twist.	Tamsin West	7 March 1974
date of birth	Kathleen Jannette Anderson (1927 - July 5, 2002), known as Jannette, was appointed deputy principal of Edinburgh Napier University in 1983, becoming the first woman to be appointed to such a senior post in Scotland.	Jannette Anderson	1927
date of birth	Wilfred Kibet Kigen (born 23 February 1975) is a Kenyan long distance runner who primarily competes in marathon races in Germany.	Wilfred Kibet Kigen	23 February 1975
date of birth	Lieutenant General Edward Cornwallis (5 March 1713 -- 14 January 1776) was a British military officer who was the first Governor of Nova Scotia at Halifax, Nova Scotia.	Edward Cornwallis	5 March 1713
date of birth	William Heaton (born 1978) is the former chief of staff for former Rep. Bob Ney (R-Ohio), and a supporting figure in the Abramoff scandal.	William Heaton	1978
date of birth	Erik Aaes (27 April 1899 -- 19 March 1966) was a Danish set designer and art director.	Erik Aaes	27 April 1899
date of birth	Anna Belle Francis (born 1978) is a Singaporean entertainer and singer of Eurasian ethnicity.	Anna Belle Francis	1978
date of birth	Helen Carruthers (1892-1925) was an American actress of the silent film era.	Helen Carruthers	1892
date of birth	David Daiches (2 September 1912 -- 15 July 2005) was a Scottish literary historian and literary critic, scholar and writer.	David Daiches	2 September 1912
date of birth	Bill Harrigan (born 24 May 1960 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian former rugby league football referee, and former head of refereeing for the National Rugby League.	Bill Harrigan	24 May 1960
date of birth	Jill Sparrow (born 3 October 1971), has been active as a socialist in Melbourne since 1991.	Jill Sparrow	3 October 1971
date of birth	Sven Erlander (born 1934) is a Professor Emeritus of Mathematics (Optimization) at Linköping University in Sweden.	Sven Erlander	1934
date of birth	Freya Blackwood (born 1975) is an Australian illustrator and special effects artist.	Freya Blackwood	1975
date of birth	Ted Grouya (31 July 1910 - 14 April 2000) born Theodor Grouya in Bucharest, Romania, was a composer who studied composition with Nadia Boulanger.	Ted Grouya	31 July 1910
date of birth	Folmer Bonnén (1885--1960) was a Danish painter and journalist.	Folmer Bonnén	1885
date of birth	Rabson Mucheleng'anga (born 14 September 1989) is a Zambian football goalkeeper and plays for Nchanga Rangers F.C. in the Zambian Premier League.	Rabson Mucheleng'anga	14 September 1989
date of birth	Pelageya Sergeyevna Khanova (Russian: Пелагея Серге́евна Ханова) or Pelageya, (born 14 July 1986), is а Russian singer.	Pelageya	14 July 1986
date of birth	Colin Channer (born 13 October 1963) is a Jamaican writer, often referred to as ``Bob Marley with a pen,'' due to the spiritual, sensual, social themes presented from a literary Jamaican perspective.	Colin Channer	13 October 1963
date of birth	Hermes Carleial (30 March 1904 -- 6 July 1954), was a Brazilian poet, lawyer, accountant and writer.	Hermes Carleial	30 March 1904
date of birth	Sander Kleinenberg (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈsɑndər ˈklɛi̯nə(n)ˌbɛr(ə)x); born 29 December 1971) is a Dutch disc jockey, VDJ, and record producer.	Sander Kleinenberg	1971
date of birth	Slavko Kremenšek (born 21 April 1931) is a Slovene historian and ethnologist.	Slavko Kremenšek	21 April 1931
date of birth	Bernhard Kelm (born 23 December 1967) is a retired German long jumper.	Bernhard Kelm	23 December 1967
date of birth	Nicholas Rinaldi (born in Brooklyn, New York in 1934) is an American poet and novelist.	Nicholas Rinaldi	1934
date of birth	Kweku Sarpong Plahar (born 26 October 1988), better known by his stage name Zigi, is a Ghanaian singer.	Zigi	26 October 1988
date of birth	Alan S. Kaufman (born April 1944) is an American psychology professor known for his work on intelligence testing.	Alan S. Kaufman	April 1944
date of birth	Lau Nai-keung SBS (Chinese: 劉迺強, born 1947) is a Hong Kong academic, businessman, and politician.	Lau Nai-keung	1947
date of birth	Hermann Friedrich Bonorden (28 August 1801 -- 19 May 1884) was a German physician and mycologist.	Hermann Friedrich Bonorden	28 August 1801
date of birth	Hercules Brabazon Brabazon (born Hercules Brabazon Sharpe; 27 November 1821 -- 14 May 1906) was an English artist, accomplished in Turner manner watercolours.	Hercules Brabazon Brabazon	27 November 1821
date of birth	Harold Fortuin (born 1964 in Mount Clemens, Michigan) is an American composer, pianist, and designer of hardware and software for electronic music.	Harold Fortuin	1964
date of birth	Mandy Burrekers (born 10 January 1988, Amsterdam) is a Dutch team handball goalkeeper.	Mandy Burrekers	10 January 1988
date of birth	Keisuke Ogawa (Japanese: 圭佑小川; born 5 September 1986) is a Japanese footballer, who plays for PKNS in the Malaysia Premier League.	Keisuke Ogawa	5 September 1986
date of birth	Eugene Friesen (born 1952) is an American cellist and composer.	Eugene Friesen	1952
date of birth	Reinhard Fabisch (19 August 1950 -- 12 July 2008) was a German football manager who was last employed as manager of the Benin national side, a position he took up in December 2007 and left in May 2008.	Reinhard Fabisch	19 August 1950
date of birth	Miltiadis Iatridis (Greek: Μιλτιάδης Ιατρίδης; 1906--1960) was a Greek naval officer active during World War II. He was born in the village Sofiko in the Peloponnese.	Miltiadis Iatridis	1906
date of birth	Fernando Marcelo Campagnolo (born 29 January 1974) is a retired Brazilian footballer who played mostly in Portugal for ten years as a defender mainly for Naval for eight years where he is currently one of the all time appearance leaders.	Fernando Marcelo Campagnolo	29 January 1974
date of birth	Kim Deok-hyeon (born 8 December 1985 in Kwangju) is a South Korean triple jumper and long jumper.	Kim Deok-hyeon	8 December 1985
date of birth	Mårten Boström (born 3 August 1982 in Kirkkonummi) is a Finnish orienteering competitor and long distance runner.	Mårten Boström	3 August 1982
date of birth	Katy Kung (born 5 December 1989) is a Hong Kong actress under the contract of TVB.	Katy Kung	5 December 1989
date of birth	Danny Greefhorst (born 31 December 1972) is a Dutch enterprise architect and consultant at ArchiXL, known for his work in the field of enterprise architecture.	Danny Greefhorst	1972
date of birth	David Treacy (born 21 November 1989) is a senior hurler with Dublin and Cuala.	David Treacy	21 November 1989
date of birth	June Olkowski (born ca. 1960) is a former college basketball player and coach, who was head coach of the women's teams at the University of Arizona, Butler University, and Northwestern University.	June Olkowski	1960
date of birth	Stipe Božić (born 2 January 1951) is a Croatian mountaineer, documentary filmmaker, photographer and writer.	Stipe Božić	2 January 1951
date of birth	Menduh Thaçi (born 3 March 1965) is the leader of the Macedonian political party Democratic Party of Albanians.	Menduh Thaçi	3 March 1965
date of birth	Oliver Biney (born 8 August 1983) is a British professional wrestler currently working under the ring name Rampage Brown.	Rampage Brown	8 August 1983
date of birth	Mustafa Arif Deymer (1874--1954) was a Turkish politician who served both the Ottoman government and the Turkish Republic.	Mustafa Arif Deymer	1874
date of birth	Mustafa Akgül (born 10 May 1948) is the key figure of acceptance of Internet to large masses in Turkish.	Mustafa Akgül	10 May 1948
date of birth	Irina Margareta Nistor, born 26 March 1957, is a Romanian translator and film critic.	Irina Margareta Nistor	26 March 1957
date of birth	Ian Crossley (born 1951), better known by the stage name Fine Time Fontayne, is an English actor and stage director.	Fine Time Fontayne	1951
date of birth	José del Castillo (14 October 1737 -- 5 October 1793) was a Spanish painter and a leader of the artistic movement Illustrious Absolutism.	José del Castillo	14 October 1737
date of birth	Peter Robert Drummond (1802--1879) was a Scottish businessman and biographer.	Peter Robert Drummond	1802
date of birth	Geri X (born 6 May 1989) is a Bulgarian-born singer-songwriter whose music shows influences of several genres including folk, psychedelic rock, Americana, and post-rock.	Geri X	6 May 1989
date of birth	Vince Driver (7 January 1908 -- 17 November 1970) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Vince Driver	7 January 1908
date of birth	Tyrell Cuffy (born 6 September 1988) is a Caymanian sprinter of Trinidadian descent.	Tyrell Cuffy	6 September 1988
date of birth	Moyra Tamsin Dunwoody (born 3 September 1958), sometimes known as Tamsin Dunwoody-Kneafsey, is a British politician.	Tamsin Dunwoody	3 September 1958
date of birth	Gillian Mann (born 1939), English/Australian artist who won the Blake Prize for Religious Art with the woodcut print on paper titled The Chest in 1990.	Gillian Mann	1939
date of birth	Josef Štěpánek Netolický (c. 1460--1539) was a Czech fishpond builder and architect.	Josef Štěpánek Netolický	1460
date of birth	Lieutenant-General Sir Charles William Doyle, CB, GCH (1770 -- 25 October 1842) was a British Army officer who served during the Napoleonic Wars.	Charles William Doyle	1770
date of birth	Sebastian Lang (born 15 September 1979, in Sonneberg) is a former German professional road bicycle racer and time trialist, who rode as a professional between 2002 and 2011.	Sebastian Lang	15 September 1979
date of birth	Maurizio Bidinost (born 10 January 1959) is a retired Italian cyclist who was active on the road and track between 1979 and 1986, turning professional in 1981.	Maurizio Bidinost	10 January 1959
date of birth	Torben Piechnik (born 21 May 1963) is a Danish former professional football player who was a defender.	Torben Piechnik	21 May 1963
date of birth	Neil Fanning (born 12 April 1967) is an Australian voice actor, stuntman and actor.	Neil Fanning	12 April 1967
date of birth	Hani Awijan (1977 -- July 29, 2006) was an Islamic militant in the Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) military wing, The Al-Quds brigades.	Hani Awijan	1977
date of birth	Jonathan Gathorne-Hardy (born 1933 in Edinburgh) is a British author, known for biographies, including one of Alfred Kinsey, and books of social history on the British nanny and public school system.	Jonathan Gathorne-Hardy	1933
date of birth	Max Bing (15 March 1885 -- 7 February 1945) was a German actor and director of radio plays.	Max Bing	15 March 1885
date of birth	Brad Boyd (born 10 August 1971) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy and the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League during the 1990s.	Brad Boyd	10 August 1971
date of birth	Abdulaziz bin Turki Al Saud (born 4 June 1983) is a Saudi athlete and a businessman as well as a member of the House of Saud.	Abdulaziz bin Turki Al Saud	4 June 1983
date of birth	Leah Purcell (born 14 August 1970) is an Indigenous Australian actress, director and writer.	Leah Purcell	14 August 1970
date of birth	Jan Hřebejk (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjan ˈɦr̝ɛbɛjk); born 27 June 1967) is a Czech film director.	Jan Hřebejk	27 June 1967
date of birth	Aliaksandr Viarutsin (Belarusian: Аляксандар Вяруцін; born 18 November 1979) is a retired Belarusian high jumper.	Aliaksandr Viarutsin	18 November 1979
date of birth	Sophie Thornhill (born 9 February 1996) is a visually impaired English racing cyclist who competes in para-cycling tandem track events.	Sophie Thornhill	9 February 1996
date of birth	Giovanni Di Clemente (born in 1948) is an Italian television and film producer.	Giovanni Di Clemente	1948
date of birth	Shubha Mudgal (born 1959) is a well-known Indian singer of Hindustani classical music, Khayal, Thumri, Dadra, and popular Indian Pop music.	Shubha Mudgal	1959
date of birth	William G. Bassler (born March 6, 1938) is a former judge on the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, serving from 1991 until 2006.	William G. Bassler	1938
date of birth	Ann Sheppard Mounsey, or Ann Mounsey Bartholomew on marriage (1811--1891), was born on 17 April 1811 at 21 Old Compton Street, Soho, London, the eldest child of Thomas Mounsey, a licensed victualler, and his wife, Mary, née Briggs.	Ann Mounsey	1811
date of birth	Petra Buzková (born 7 December 1965) was a former Minister of Education, Youth and Sports in the Czech cabinet.	Petra Buzková	7 December 1965
date of birth	Johann Gottlieb Georgi (31 December 1729 -- 27 October 1802) was a German botanist, naturalist and geographer.	Johann Gottlieb Georgi	31 December 1729
date of birth	Siim Avi (born 22 July 1984) is an Estonian lawyer and current elder of Piirissaare Parish.	Siim Avi	22 July 1984
date of birth	David Frey (born 8 December 1991) is a Swiss footballer..	David Frey	8 December 1991
date of birth	Rab Noakes (born Robert Noakes, 13 May 1947, St Andrews, Fife, Scotland) is a Scottish singer-songwriter.	Rab Noakes	13 May 1947
date of birth	Doug Lennox (January 21, 1938 -- November 28, 2015) was a Canadian actor, writer, and radio personality who is perhaps best known for his book Now You Know, The Big Book of Answers and his many appearances in movies such as X-Men and Police Academy.	Doug Lennox	1938
date of birth	Christian Sugiono (born 25 February 1981) also known as Tian is an Indonesian actor and tech entrepreneur.	Christian Sugiono	25 February 1981
date of birth	Duvier del Dago Fernandez (born 1976) is a Cuban from Zulueta, in the central Cuban province of Villa Clara.	Duvier del Dago Fernandez	1976
date of birth	Avni Spahiu (born 12 March 1953 in Mitrovica, Kosovo) is a Kosovar diplomat and former television director.	Avni Spahiu	12 March 1953
date of birth	Ruben Kristiansen (born 20 February 1988) is a Norwegian international footballer who plays professionally for SK Brann, as a left back.	Ruben Kristiansen	20 February 1988
date of birth	Elsa Pooley (born Elsa Susanna Bond, 1947 Johannesburg), is a South African botanist, landscaper, tour guide, and artist.	Elsa Pooley	1947
date of birth	Elisha Lim (born 1978) is an artist and graphic novelist living in Montreal.	Elisha Lim	1978
date of birth	Eszter Mátéfi (born Eszter László; 14 February 1966 in Band, Magyar Autonomous Region, SR Romania) is a handball coach and former handball player who works as the head coach of Dunaújvárosi Kohász KA.	Eszter Mátéfi	14 February 1966
date of birth	Archibald Douglas, 8th Earl of Angus and 5th Earl of Morton (1555 -- 4 August 1588) was the son of David, 7th Earl of Angus.	Archibald Douglas, 8th Earl of Angus	1555
date of birth	Alexander Dicsone (also Dicson and Dickson, Italian: Alessandro Dicsono) (1558--by 1604) was a Scottish writer and political agent.	Alexander Dicsone	1558
date of birth	Conal Keaney (born 24 September 1982) is an Irish footballer and hurler who plays for Dublin and Ballyboden St. Enda's.	Conal Keaney	24 September 1982
date of birth	Stig Svante Stockselius (born 31 December 1955 in Hudiksvall) is a Swedish journalist and television executive, former Head of Song Contests at the European Broadcasting Union, executive supervisor of the Eurovision Song Contest (ESC) and the Junior Eurovision Song Contest.	Svante Stockselius	31 December 1955
date of birth	Dick Brass (born 1951) is a technology investor and executive, and a former newspaper reporter and editor.	Dick Brass	1951
date of birth	Nila Madhab Panda (born 18 October 1973) ) is an Internationally acclaimed Film Maker and Producer.	Nila Madhab Panda	18 October 1973
date of birth	Goh Swee Swee (Chinese: 吴瑞瑞; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ngôo Suī-suī; born 2 June 1986) is a Singaporean footballer who plays for Hougang United in the S-League.	Goh Swee Swee	2 June 1986
date of birth	Chen Yulu (simplified Chinese: 陈雨露; traditional Chinese: 陳雨露; pinyin: Chen Yǔlù; born November 1966) is a Chinese economist, educator, author, and politician who has been deputy governor of People's Bank of China since October 2015.	Chen Yulu	November 1966
date of birth	Johanna van Beethoven (née Reiß (Reiss); 1786--1869) was the sister-in-law of the composer Ludwig van Beethoven.	Johanna van Beethoven	1786
date of birth	George Torakis (born 11 December 1989 in Herakleion, Greece) is a Greek water polo player representing Canada.	George Torakis	11 December 1989
date of birth	Marisa Olson (born 1977 in Augsburg) is a new media artist, curator, critic, and media theorist.	Marisa Olson	1977
date of birth	Eje Elgh (born 15 June 1953) is a Swedish racing driver and television reporter.	Eje Elgh	15 June 1953
date of birth	Claus Hjort Frederiksen (born 4 September 1947) is Danish Minister for Finance since June 2015, having previously served in that capacity from 7 April 2009 to 3 October 2011, as member of the Lars Løkke Rasmussen I Cabinet.	Claus Hjort Frederiksen	4 September 1947
date of birth	Alessandro Gassmann (Alessandro Gassman until 2011; born 24 February 1965) is an Italian actor.	Alessandro Gassmann	24 February 1965
date of birth	Rex Murphy (born March 1947) is a Canadian commentator and author, primarily on Canadian political and social matters.	Rex Murphy	March 1947
date of birth	Kjetil Ruthford Pedersen (born 22 May 1973) is an earlier Norwegian footballer playing for FK Mandalskameratene.	Kjetil Ruthford Pedersen	22 May 1973
date of birth	Stephan Mathieu (born 11 October 1967) is a German musician and sound artist whose work is based on digital and analog processing techniques.	Stephan Mathieu	11 October 1967
date of birth	Damien Whitehead (born 24 April 1979) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Macclesfield Town.	Damien Whitehead	24 April 1979
date of birth	Luis Antonio Robles Suárez (24 October 1849 -- 22 September 1899) also known as ``El Negro Robles'', was a Colombian lawyer and politician.	Luis Antonio Robles Suárez	24 October 1849
date of birth	Lt. Colonel Charles Joseph Newbold DSO (12 January 1881 -- 26 October 1946) was an English rugby union international who played club rugby for Cambridge University and Blackheath.	Charles Joseph Newbold	12 January 1881
date of birth	Simon Eishold (born 26 March 1967) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Richmond in the Victorian/Australian Football League (VFL/AFL).	Simon Eishold	26 March 1967
date of birth	Jatin Bora (Assamese: যতীন বৰা, born 25 April 1970) is an Indian film actor who has appeared in many Assamese language movies.	Jatin Bora	25 April 1970
date of birth	Sir John Shipley Rowlinson FREng (born 12 May 1926) is a British chemist.	John Shipley Rowlinson	12 May 1926
date of birth	Petros Karatroupkos (1929 -- January 31, 2012) was the Greek Orthodox bishop of Zambia 2001-2003.	Petros Karatroupkos	1929
date of birth	Ivanka Bonova (Bulgarian: Иванка Бонова, born 4 April 1949) is a retired Bulgarian sprinter and middle-distance runner who specialized in the 400 and 800 metres.	Ivanka Bonova	4 April 1949
date of birth	Fraser Cartmell (born 16 June 1982 in Inverness, Scotland) is a professional triathlete, multiple Scottish champion, three time Ironman 70.3 UK winner, and Ironman UK 2010 winner.	Fraser Cartmell	16 June 1982
date of birth	Tomas Vaitkus (born 4 February 1982) is a Lithuanian professional road racing cyclist riding for UCI Continental team Rietumu-Delfin.	Tomas Vaitkus	4 February 1982
date of birth	Noël Godin (born 13 September 1945) is a Belgian writer, critic, actor and notorious pie thrower or entarteur.	Noël Godin	13 September 1945
date of birth	Sebastian Westcott (also spelt Wescott or Westcote) (c. 1524 -- 1582) was an English organist at St. Paul's Cathedral.	Sebastian Westcott	1524
date of birth	Eon McKai (born 1979) is an American director of alt porn-themed pornographic films.	Eon McKai	1979
date of birth	Uwe Freiler (born 2 May 1966 in Limbach (Saarland)) is a retired German football player.	Uwe Freiler	2 May 1966
date of birth	Joscelyn Eve Stoker (born 11 April 1987), better known by her stage name Joss Stone, is an English singer, songwriter and actress.	Joss Stone	11 April 1987
date of birth	Dale Frank (born 1959) is a contemporary Australian artist best known for his biomorphic abstract paintings.	Dale Frank	1959
date of birth	Stephen Bainbridge (born 1958, in Doylestown, Pennsylvania) is the William D. Warren Professor of Law at UCLA, teaching courses on corporations and business law.	Stephen Bainbridge	1958
date of birth	The UK Pitbulls were a professional wrestling tag team that consisted of brothers Bulk (Mike Waters, born 1978) and Big Dave (Dave Waters, born 1971).	The UK Pitbulls	1971
date of birth	Noel Mkandawire (born 25 December 1978) is a Malawian football (soccer) player with Super ESCOM of the Malawi Premier Division.	Noel Mkandawire	25 December 1978
date of birth	Pauline Ng Chow May-lin JP (born 1947, in Hong Kong) is a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.	Pauline Ng	1947
date of birth	Stephen Hendrie (born 8 January 1995) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Southend United, on loan from West Ham United.	Stephen Hendrie	8 January 1995
date of birth	Thavius Beck (born 1979) is an electronic musician, producer and rapper based in Los Angeles, California.	Thavius Beck	1979
date of birth	Keyvan Andres Soori (born 8 March 2000, in Cologne, Germany) is a German racecar driver.	Keyvan Andres Soori	8 March 2000
date of birth	Gwak Dong-han (Hangul: 곽동한; born 20 April 1992) is a South Korean judoka.	Gwak Dong-han	20 April 1992
date of birth	Maria Justeau (born 1912), was a member of the French Resistance during World War II. Along with her husband, Eugene Justeau, she saved the lives of many American, Canadian and French soldiers in the area of Saint-Seglin, Brittany, France.	Maria Justeau	1912
date of birth	Olegar Fedoro (born 6 March 1958) is a Ukrainian-born former Soviet performer who later became a Spanish and then English actor.	Olegar Fedoro	6 March 1958
date of birth	Tommy Möller (born 1958) is a Swedish professor of Political science at Stockholm University, and a frequent political commentator in the Swedish media.	Tommy Möller	1958
date of birth	June Webb was born on 22 September 1934 in L'Anse, a village in the northern County of Baraga in Michigan, USA.	June Webb	22 September 1934
date of birth	Benjamin Gummow (1766--1840) was an architect who worked from Ruabon near Wrexham in Wales.	Benjamin Gummow	1766
date of birth	Patrick Michael Duffy (born 1943) is a Senior District Judge for the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina.	Patrick Michael Duffy	1943
date of birth	Ahmed Akkari (b. 1978 in Lebanon) (Arabic: أحمد عكاري‎) is a Danish political activist who became known for his involvement in the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy.	Ahmed Akkari	1978
date of birth	Mickaël Buscher (born 11 January 1987) is a French professional footballer who plays as a striker and winger for Canterbury United.	Mickaël Buscher	11 January 1987
date of birth	Damayanthi Dharsha-Kobalavithanage (born 13 February 1975) is a retired Sri Lankan athlete who competed in the 200 and 400 metres race.	Damayanthi Dharsha	13 February 1975
date of birth	Robert Goethals (16 June 1922 -- 7 July 2011) was a Belgian soccer player who was best known as coach.	Robert Goethals	16 June 1922
date of birth	Piran Bishop (born 1961) is a British portraitist.	Piran Bishop	1961
date of birth	Braulio Castillo, Jr. (born c. 1958) in Santurce, Puerto Rico is a Puerto Rican actor and radio host.	Braulio Castillo, Jr.	1958
date of birth	Sofia Jarl (born 1977 with the last name Karlsson) is a Swedish politician.	Sofia Jarl	1977
date of birth	Carla Scaletti (born 1956) is an American harpist, composer, music technologist and the inventor of the Kyma Sound Design Environment as well as president of Symbolic Sound.	Carla Scaletti	1956
date of birth	Francis Travis (born 9 July 1921) is an American-born Swiss orchestral conductor.	Francis Travis	9 July 1921
date of birth	Dave Routledge (born 7 April 1964) is an English darts player.	Dave Routledge	7 April 1964
date of birth	Jeff Maluleke (born 1977) is an award-winning South African musician of the M'nwanati people.	Jeff Maluleke	1977
date of birth	Giorgos Tzifos (Greek: Γιώργος Τζιφός; 1918 -- May 27, 1986) was a Greek actor in theater and movies.	Giorgos Tzifos	1918
date of birth	Attilio Colonello (born 9 November 1930) is an Italian scenic designer and stage director who is active within the field of opera.	Attilio Colonello	9 November 1930
date of birth	Khano Smith (born 10 January 1981, in Paget) is a Bermudian retired footballer.	Khano Smith	10 January 1981
date of birth	Ray Gibb (5 December 1928 -- 10 September 1953) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn and Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ray Gibb	5 December 1928
date of birth	Angela V. Shelton (born 4 March 1970 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American comedian and actress.	Angela V. Shelton	4 March 1970
date of birth	Dom Anselmo Costadoni, O.S.B. Cam., (1714--1785) was an Italian Camaldolese monk, historian and theologian.	Anselmo Costadoni	1714
date of birth	Medardas Čobotas pol. Medard Czobot (born 26 May 1928 - died 30 August 2009 in Vilnius ) was a Polish-Lithuanian politician.	Medardas Čobotas	26 May 1928
date of birth	Laura Hillman (born 16 October 1923) is German-born survivor of Holocaust concentration camps, including Auschwitz-Birkenau with the help of Oskar Schindler.	Laura Hillman	16 October 1923
date of birth	Dr. Edward Johnson Bellerby LRAM (28 March 1858 -- 2 April 1940) was an English organist, composer and teacher.	Edward Johnson Bellerby	28 March 1858
date of birth	Kimberley Dayle Edwards (born 15 November 1984), known by her stage name Kitty Brucknell, is a British singer-songwriter.	Kitty Brucknell	15 November 1984
date of birth	Dennis Gamsy (born 17 February 1940 in Glenwood, Natal) is a former South African cricketer who played in two Tests as a wicketkeeper in 1970 against Australia.	Dennis Gamsy	17 February 1940
date of birth	Ruairí Deane (born 3 September 1991) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Cork senior team.	Ruairí Deane	3 September 1991
date of birth	Veloo a/l Sinnathamby, better known as S. Veloo (born 9 November 1966) is a Malaysian football head coach, formerly in charge of USM FC.	S. Veloo	9 November 1966
date of birth	Archbishop Stanislaus Lo Kuang (羅光; Hanyu pinyin: Luo Guang; 1 January 1911--28 February 2004) is the archbishop emeritus of Taipei.	Stanislaus Lo Kuang	1 January 1911
date of birth	Inbee Park (Korean: 박인비, Hanja: 朴仁妃, pronounced (baːk in bi); born 12 July 1988) is a South Korean professional golfer who plays on the LPGA Tour and the LPGA of Japan Tour.	Inbee Park	12 July 1988
date of birth	Ralph Heskett, C.Ss.R. (born 3 March 1953, Sunderland, England) is an English Roman Catholic prelate who has been the Bishop of Hallam since July 2014, having immediately before that been Bishop of Gibraltar from 2010 to 2014.	Ralph Heskett	3 March 1953
date of birth	Saud al-Hashimi (Arabic: سعود الهاشمي‎, born c. 1963) is a Saudi Arabian human rights activist.	Saud al-Hashimi	1963
date of birth	Pepe Ozan (1939--2013) was an Argentine sculptor, artistic director and a filmmaker.	Pepe Ozan	1939
date of birth	Jon Johanson (born 1956 in Warburton, Victoria) is a world-record setting Australian aviator.	Jon Johanson	1956
date of birth	Susie Rugg (17 January 1982) is an Australian actress best known for her role as Brodie Hanson in the TV series Home and Away.	Susie Rugg	17 January 1982
date of birth	John Ehret (born in 1971 in Karlsruhe) is the mayor of Mauer, elected in 2012.	John Ehret	1971
date of birth	Pietro Biginelli (25 July 1860 -- 15 January 1937) was an Italian chemist, who discovered a three-component reaction between urea, acetoacetic ester and aldehydes (Biginelli reaction).	Pietro Biginelli	25 July 1860
date of birth	Steven Poole (born in 1972) is a British author and journalist.	Steven Poole	1972
date of birth	Zoran Lemajić (Cyrillic: Зopaн Лeмajић, born 8 November 1960) is a former Montenegrin association footballer who is recently a goalkeeping coach of Bharat FC.	Zoran Lemajić	8 November 1960
date of birth	Cris Mazza (born 1956) is an American novelist, short story and non-fiction writer.	Cris Mazza	1956
date of birth	Susan Brigden, FRHistS, FBA (born 26 June 1951) is a historian and academic specialising in the English Renaissance and Reformation.	Susan Brigden	26 June 1951
date of birth	Stephen Boxer (born 19 May 1950) is an English actor who has appeared in films, on television and on stage and is perhaps best known for appearing as Joe in the BBC One daytime soap opera Doctors.	Stephen Boxer	19 May 1950
date of birth	Telémachos Alexiou (born 3 January 1989 in Evvoia, Greece) is a Greek film maker and visual artist.	Telémachos Alexiou	3 January 1989
date of birth	Leah Kauffman (born c. 1986) is an American singer and songwriter who is responsible for singing and writing four popular viral videos: ``My Box in a Box'', ``I Got a Crush... on Obama'', ``Obama Girl vs. Giuliani Girl'' and ``I Like a Boy''.	Leah Kauffman	1986
date of birth	Michael Ballam (born 1952) is the general director of the Utah Festival Opera, a professor of music at Utah State University, an accomplished operatic singer, pianist and oboist.	Michael Ballam	1952
date of birth	Ulpiano Colóm y Ferrer (b. 3 April 1861 - ca. 1920) was Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico, during part of 1898.	Ulpiano Colóm	3 April 1861
date of birth	Mohamed Abdel-Shafy (Arabic: محمد عبد الشافي‎; born on 1 July 1985) is an Egyptian footballer who plays as a Left-back for Saudi Professional League side Al-Ahli on loan from Zamalek.	Mohamed Abdel-Shafy	1 July 1985
date of birth	Tommi Roininen (1 February 1984) is a Finnish former volleyball player.	Tommi Roininen	1 February 1984
date of birth	Zeev Ben-Zvi (Hebrew: זאב בן-צבי‎) (1904--1952) was an Israeli sculptor born in Ryki, Poland, whose work influenced a generation of sculptors.	Zeev Ben-Zvi	1904
date of birth	Kalevi Kiviniemi (born 30 June 1958 in Jalasjärvi) is a Finnish concert organist.	Kalevi Kiviniemi	30 June 1958
date of birth	Eadaoin Ní Challarain (born 19 September 1975 in Spiddal) is an Irish slalom canoer who competed in two Olympic Games.	Eadaoin Ní Challarain	19 September 1975
date of birth	Albert Gamaliel Jones (1812 -- c. 1880) was a notable ``house carpenter'' from Warren County, North Carolina.	Albert Gamaliel Jones	1812
date of birth	Sydney Percy-Lancaster, F.L.S., F.R.H.S., M.R.A.S. was born on 19 July 1886 at Meerut, India.	Sydney Percy-Lancaster	1886
date of birth	Frederic Aldin Hall (1854--1925) served as chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis from 1913 until 1923.	Frederic Aldin Hall	1854
date of birth	Virdy Megananda (born 6 September 1974), known popularly as Bebi Romeo, is an Indonesian musician.	Bebi Romeo	6 September 1974
date of birth	Charles Goddard Weld (1857--1911), was a Boston-area physician, sailor, philanthropist, and art lover.	Charles Goddard Weld	1857
date of birth	Marcin Białobłocki (born 2 July 1983) is a Polish professional cyclist.	Marcin Białobłocki	2 July 1983
date of birth	Sōkokurai Eikichi (born 9 January 1984) is a professional sumo wrestler from Inner Mongolia, China.	Sōkokurai Eikichi	9 January 1984
date of birth	Ronald Bradford (born 6 January 1970), is a recognized MySQL expert, author and speaker.	Ronald Bradford	6 January 1970
date of birth	Iryna Glibko (born Ukrainian: Ирина Глибко, 18 February 1990) is a Ukrainian handballer who plays for the Romanian club HCM Roman and the Ukrainian national team.	Iryna Glibko	18 February 1990
date of birth	Guy Browning (born 1964 in Chipping Norton) is a humourist, after-dinner speaker and film director.	Guy Browning	1964
date of birth	Julie Goodyear, MBE (born Julie Kemp; 29 March 1942) is an English television actress and media personality.	Julie Goodyear	29 March 1942
date of birth	Konstantinos Pringos (1892 in Constantinople -- 1964 in Athens) was a protopsaltes (leading cantor) in the Great Church of Constantinople from 1939 until 1959.	Konstantinos Pringos	1892
date of birth	Nigel Hollis (born 1958) is an author, analyst, researcher, speaker, and commentator on marketing.	Nigel Hollis	1958
date of birth	David Komnenos (Greek: Δαβίδ Κομνηνός) (c. 1184 -- 1212) was one of the founders of the Empire of Trebizond and its joint ruler together with his brother Alexios until his death.	David Komnenos	1184
date of birth	Moazzam Begg (Urdu: مُعَظّم بیگ‎; born 1968, Sparkhill, Birmingham) is a British Pakistani who was held in extrajudicial detention by the US government in the Bagram Theater Internment Facility and the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp, in Cuba, for nearly three years after being arrested in Pakistan in February 2002.	Moazzam Begg	1968
date of birth	Pavlo Movchan (Ukrainian: Мовчан Павло Михайлович; born 13 July 1939 in Velyka Vilshanka (in Kiev Oblast)) is a Ukrainian poet and public figure, head of the ``Prosvita'' Society.	Pavlo Movchan	1939
date of birth	Tsugeo Ozawa (Japanese: 小沢 嗣央; born 6 February 1935) is a Japanese fencer.	Tsugeo Ozawa	6 February 1935
date of birth	Jakub Sylvestr (born 2 February 1989) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for SC Paderborn on loan from 1.	Jakub Sylvestr	2 February 1989
date of birth	Han Yong (Chinese: 韩勇; born October 1956) is a Chinese politician, serving since April 2015 as the Political Commissar of the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps.	Han Yong	October 1956
date of birth	Asko Künnap (born 6 September 1971) is an Estonian poet, artist, graphic designer and marketer.	Asko Künnap	6 September 1971
date of birth	Mary-Jérôme Vaudan (born 1965) from Bagnes-Montagnier is a Swiss ski mountaineer, long-distance runner and marathon mountain biker.	Mary-Jérôme Vaudan	1965
date of birth	Lucky Akhand (born 18 June 1956) is a Bangladeshi singer-composer.	Lucky Akhand	18 June 1956
date of birth	Peter Hanning (born 9 April 1945) was the Connétable of the Parish of St Saviour, in Jersey, from 2007 until 2011.	Peter Hanning	9 April 1945
date of birth	Thelma Young (born 8 September 1972) is a Paralympic swimmer from Great Britain.	Thelma Young	1972
date of birth	Wendy Hoyte (née Clarke, born 17 December 1957) is a former British sprinter, who won a 1982 Commonwealth Games gold medal and a 1982 European Championships silver medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay.	Wendy Hoyte	17 December 1957
date of birth	André Breitenreiter (born 2 October 1973) is a German football manager and former player, currently managing Schalke 04.	André Breitenreiter	2 October 1973
date of birth	Professor Harry Dym (born 1938, Hebrew: הארי דים‎) is a mathematician at the Weizmann Institute of Science, Israel.	Harry Dym	1938
date of birth	Esteve was born in Valencia, in the province of the same name, on the 12 May 1753, possibly the son of a Valencian sculptor also named Agustín Esteve.	Agustín Esteve	12 May 1753
date of birth	Yuri Komelkov (Ukrainian: Юрій Комельков, Ukrainian pronunciation: ('urij kɔmɛlʲ'kɔβ̞); born 30 September 1962) is a Ukrainian publisher, gallerist, art collector, and art patron.	Yuri Komelkov	30 September 1962
date of birth	Mauro Galindo (1958 -- May 9, 2007) was a Spanish dancer and choreographer and instructor of Spanish dance.	Mauro Galindo	1958
date of birth	Kiki Gyan (7 June 1957 -- 10 June 2004), also known as Kiki Djan, was a Ghanaian musician.	Kiki Gyan	7 June 1957
date of birth	Robert T. Siegel (1928--2000) graduated from Carnegie Tech (now Carnegie Mellon University) in 1948, and attained a D.Sc in 1952.	Robert T. Siegel	1928
date of birth	Heinz Hoenig (born 24 September 1951) is a German actor who participated in over 100 feature films and TV productions.	Heinz Hoenig	24 September 1951
date of birth	Nirley da Silva Fonseca (born 9 April 1988), simply known as Nirley, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Centre Back for Figueirense.	Nirley	9 April 1988
date of birth	Sophia of Rheineck, also known as Sophie of Salm, Countess of Bentheim (c. 1120 -- 26 September 1176 in Jerusalem) was a German noblewoman.	Sophia of Rheineck	1120
date of birth	Roderich von Erckert (15 December 1821 -- 12 December 1900) was a German ethnographer and officer.	Roderich von Erckert	15 December 1821
date of birth	Luigi Musso (28 July 1924 -- 6 July 1958) was an Italian racing driver.	Luigi Musso	28 July 1924
date of birth	Torkom Saraydarian (1917--1997) was an Armenian musician and religious author.	Torkom Saraydarian	1917
date of birth	Abu 'Ali (Persian: ابو علی‎), better known by his laqab of Musharrif al-Dawla (1003 -- May 1025), was the Buyid amir of Iraq (1021--1025).	Musharrif al-Dawla	1003
date of birth	Thomas D. Walker (1956- ) is an Associate Professor at the University of Wisconsin--	Thomas D. Walker	1956
date of birth	Tatiana Anodina was born on 16 April 1939 in Leningrad (then Soviet Union) to a family of a Soviet Air Force pilot.	Tatiana Anodina	16 April 1939
date of birth	Jovanka Stanojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Јованка Станојевић, born 11 June 1979) is a Serbian painter.	Jovanka Stanojević	11 June 1979
date of birth	Tenaya Darlington (born 1971) is an American poet as well as Associate Professor at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Tenaya Darlington	1971
date of birth	Kuldip Singh Brar (born 1934) is a retired Indian Army officer, who was involved in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971.	Kuldip Singh Brar	1934
date of birth	Te Ariki Terau Mana Strickland (born 22 June 1918) was a Cook Island educator and politician.	Mana Strickland	22 June 1918
date of birth	Kiron Skinner (born 1961) is an author, associate professor of international relations and political science at Carnegie Mellon University, and founding director of the Institute for Politics and Strategy.	Kiron Skinner	1961
date of birth	Jamie Leigh Jones (born 1985) is a former employee of KBR, an American engineering, construction and private military contracting company.	Jamie Leigh Jones	1985
date of birth	Georg Franz Ebenhech (c. 1710--February 21, 1757) was a German sculptor known for his mastery of marble technique.	Georg Franz Ebenhech	1710
date of birth	Reena Esmail (born 11 February 1983) is an American pianist and composer.	Reena Esmail	11 February 1983
date of birth	Hans Kummetz was born on 29 April 1890 in Illowo, then part of the German Empire but now in Poland.	Hans Kummetz	29 April 1890
date of birth	Joris Maarten de Man, known as Joris de Man (born 30 June 1972) is a Dutch composer and sound designer, well known for his work on the video game Killzone.	Joris de Man	1972
date of birth	Patrick Lundborg (1967 -- June 7, 2014) was a writer on psychedelic culture and author of the books Psychedelia and The Acid Archives.	Patrick Lundborg	1967
date of birth	Carl von Than or Károly Than (20 December 1834 -- 5 July 1908) was a Hungarian chemist who discovered carbonyl sulfide in 1867.	Carl von Than	20 December 1834
date of birth	Isaac Isinde (born 16 April 1991) is a Ugandan footballer who currently plays for Saint George in Addis Abeba as a centre-back.	Isaac Isinde	16 April 1991
date of birth	Erich Barke (born 28 December 1946) is a German emeritus professor of microelectronics.	Erich Barke	28 December 1946
date of birth	Muhammad Khayr Bey (Arabic: محمد خيربك‎) (born 5 April 1937) is a Syrian major general and the Deputy Vice President for Security Affairs of Syria.	Muhammad Khayr Bey	5 April 1937
date of birth	Anna-Maria Müller (23 February 1949 -- 23 August 2009) was an East German luger who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Anna-Maria Müller	23 February 1949
date of birth	Basant Mohanty (born 24 November 1986) is an Indian cricketer who plays as a medium-pace bowler for Odisha in domestic cricket.	Basant Mohanty	24 November 1986
date of birth	Marilyn Scott-Waters (born 1958) is a children's book illustrator and author living in Southern California.	Marilyn Scott-Waters	1958
date of birth	Sara García (8 September 1895 -- 21 November 1980) was a Mexican actress who made her biggest mark during the ``Golden Age of Mexican cinema''.	Sara García	8 September 1895
date of birth	Andrew Nabbout (born 17 December 1992) is an Australian football (soccer) player of Lebanese who currently plays for NS Matrix F.C. in the Malaysian Premier League.	Andrew Nabbout	17 December 1992
date of birth	John Clifford, 9th Baron de Clifford, also 9th feudal baron of Skipton (8 April 1435 -- 28 March 1461), was a Lancastrian military leader during the Wars of the Roses.	John Clifford, 9th Baron de Clifford	8 April 1435
date of birth	Mriganka Sur (born 1953 in Fatehgarh, India) is an Indian-born neuroscientist working in the United States.	Mriganka Sur	1953
date of birth	Norman George (born 2 July 1946) is a Cook Islands politician and former Speaker of the Cook Islands Parliament, Deputy Prime Minister, and Cabinet Minister.	Norman George	2 July 1946
date of birth	Thomas Samuel Zilly (born 1935) is a United States federal judge at the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington in Seattle, Washington.	Thomas Samuel Zilly	1935
date of birth	Eddie Avoth (born 2 May 1945) is a former boxer and actor.	Eddie Avoth	2 May 1945
date of birth	James Taft Hatfield (15 June 1862 -- 3 October 1945) was an American philologist and professor at Northwestern University where for many years he was the head of the German Department.	James Taft Hatfield	15 June 1862
date of birth	Paul James Martin, known professionally as Paul Merton (born 9 July 1957) is an English writer, actor, comedian, radio and television presenter.	Paul Merton	9 July 1957
date of birth	Anita Liepiņa (born 17 November 1967) is a former Latvian race walker and long-distance runner.	Anita Liepiņa	17 November 1967
date of birth	Mousa Kraish (born 1975) is an American actor and director, who has appeared in several Hollywood films including Steven Spielberg's 2005 film ``Munich''.	Mousa Kraish	1975
date of birth	Barbara Bielecka (1 January 1931, Chełm) is a Polish Functionalist architect and a member of the Faculty of Architecture at the Gdańsk University of Technology.	Barbara Bielecka	1 January 1931
date of birth	Ferenc Mikulás (17 August 1940, Dunapataj) is a figure in the Hungarian animation film culture.	Ferenc Mikulás	17 August 1940
date of birth	R. C. T. Lee (Lee Chia-Tung Chinese: 李家同; born 1939 in Shanghai, China), also known as Richard C. T. Lee, received his B.Sc.	R. C. T. Lee	1939
date of birth	Arabella Goddard (12 January 1836 -- 6 April 1922) was an English pianist of the middle to late 19th century.	Arabella Goddard	12 January 1836
date of birth	Nigel Pulsford (born 11 April 1963) is a Welsh guitarist, best known as the original lead guitarist of the alternative rock band Bush.	Nigel Pulsford	11 April 1963
date of birth	Costa Cordalis (Greek: Κώστας Κορδαλής; born 1 May 1944) is a German schlager singer of Greek origin.	Costa Cordalis	1 May 1944
date of birth	Zachi Noy (Hebrew: צחי נוי‎; born 8 July 1953) is an Israeli actor.	Zachi Noy	8 July 1953
date of birth	Jens Kramer Mikkelsen (born in 1951) was the Lord Mayor of Copenhagen for the Social Democratic Party from 1989 to 2004.	Jens Kramer Mikkelsen	1951
date of birth	Johnny Mak Ip-sing (Chinese: 麥業成; born 1960) is a pro-Taiwan and pro-democracy politician in Hong Kong.	Johnny Mak	1960
date of birth	Therence Sinunguruza (born 2 August 1959) is a Burundian Tutsi politician and active member of Union for National Progress (UPRONA), who served as First Vice President of Burundi, in charge of political, administrative and security matters, from 2010 to 2015.	Therence Sinunguruza	2 August 1959
date of birth	Jim Vickers-Willis (16 July 1918 -- 30 December 2008) was a popular Australian journalist and square dance caller in the 1950s.	Jim Vickers-Willis	16 July 1918
date of birth	Hui Chung-shing (Chinese: 許宗盛), BBS, MH, JP (born 1951), anglicised as Herman Hui, is a former chairman of the World Scout Committee, the executive board for the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 2005 to 2008.	Herman Hui	1951
date of birth	Stephen Brunauer (1903 -- 1986) was an American research chemist, government scientist, and university teacher.	Stephen Brunauer	1903
date of birth	Aschlin Ditta (born 20 June 1968) is a British television and film writer.	Aschlin Ditta	20 June 1968
date of birth	Frederick John Freshwater Shaw (16 December 1885 - 29 July 1936) was a British botanist and mycologist who worked briefly in India where he died of heat stroke during a trip to Agra.	Frederick John Freshwater Shaw	16 December 1885
date of birth	Barry Spikings (born 23 November 1939) is a British film producer who worked in Hollywood.	Barry Spikings	23 November 1939
date of birth	Themba Muata-Marlow (born 30 April 1994) is an Australian footballer of Jamaican ancestry who plays as a Central Defender for Newcastle Jets in the A-League.	Themba Muata-Marlow	30 April 1994
date of birth	Claude Champy (b. September 12, 1944) is a French ceramist.	Claude Champy	1944
date of birth	Thomas Boyd, 6th Lord Boyd (c. 1547--1611) was a Scottish noble and politician.	Thomas Boyd, 6th Lord Boyd	1547
date of birth	Subangkit (born 29 November 1960) is an Indonesian football head coach who recently coached Persela Lamongan of the Indonesian Super League.	Subangkit	29 November 1960
date of birth	Hanka Paldum (born 28 April 1956) is a Bosnian folk and sevdalinka singer and founder of the record label Sarajevo Disk.	Hanka Paldum	28 April 1956
date of birth	Georg Ehrnrooth (born 1966) is the major owner with his brothers of Finnish HEX exchange stock companies EQ Bank, YIT and Pöyry.	Georg Ehrnrooth	1966
date of birth	Patrice Halgand (born 2 March 1974 in St-Nazaire) is a French professional road racing cyclist, who is not currently signed to any team.	Patrice Halgand	2 March 1974
date of birth	Johann Jakob Dorner the Younger, a Bavarian landscape painter, the son of Johann Jakob Dorner the Elder, was born at Munich in 1775.	Johann Jakob Dorner the Younger	1775
date of birth	Mick Dennis (born 10 May 1952 in Isleworth, Middlesex, England) is an editor and author and a retired sports writer and broadcaster.	Mick Dennis	10 May 1952
date of birth	Ben Canaider (born in 1967) is an Australian writer specializing in drinks and alcoholic beverages - and their broader cultural and historical significance and meaning.	Ben Canaider	1967
date of birth	Olajumoke Bodunrin (born 7 February 1945) is a retired Nigerian sprinter who specialized in the 100 metres, 400 metres and 4 x 100 metres relay.	Olajumoke Bodunrin	7 February 1945
date of birth	Janne Virtanen (born 16 November 1969) is a Finnish former strongman who won the World's Strongest Man championship in 2000.	Janne Virtanen	16 November 1969
date of birth	Barbara Pickersgill (born 1940) is a British botanist with a special interest in the domestication of crops, the genetics, taxonomy, and evolutionary biology of cultivated plants, and the preservation of crop diversity.	Barbara Pickersgill	1940
date of birth	Monika Kostera (born 28 February 1963) is a Polish organization theorist, known for her contributions to postmodern business studies, myths, storytelling and narrative analysis in anthropology of organization.	Monika Kostera	28 February 1963
date of birth	Ben Relles (b. 1975) is Head of Comedy at YouTube, as part of the YouTube Originals program.	Ben Relles	1975
date of birth	Frank Madigan (1908--1979) was sheriff the Alameda County Sheriff's Office in Alameda County, California from 1963 to 1975.	Frank Madigan	1908
date of birth	Febiolla Ramlan (born 15 February 1980) or better known as Olla Ramlan, is an Indonesian presenter, model, TV personality and socialite.	Olla Ramlan	15 February 1980
date of birth	Petar Stoychev (Bulgarian: Петър Стойчев; born 24 October 1976 in Momchilgrad) is a Bulgarian swimmer who is one of the most successful long distance marathon swimmers of the last decade.	Petar Stoychev	24 October 1976
date of birth	Rajendra Bahadur Bhandari (Nepali: राजेन्द्र बहादुर भण्डारी) (born 14 November 1975) is a Nepalese long-distance runner and soldier who has won two silver medals at the 9th Asian Games and two gold medals at the 10th Asian Games.	Rajendra Bahadur Bhandari	14 November 1975
date of birth	Denis Maguire (also known as Dennis or Dionysius Maguire), DD, O.F.M., (1721--1798) was an Irish Roman Catholic churchman who served as Bishop of Dromore from 1767 to 1770 and Bishop of Kilmore 1770 to 1798.	Denis Maguire	1721
date of birth	Till Gerhard (born 1971) is a German artist based in Hamburg.	Till Gerhard	1971
date of birth	John Pym Yeatman (1830-1910) was a barrister and influential proponent of British Israelism.	John Pym Yeatman	1830
date of birth	Morten Jørgensen (born 23 June 1985) is a Danish lightweight rower.	Morten Jørgensen	23 June 1985
date of birth	Mike Cahen (born 29 October 1959) London, England is a guitarist, songwriter and producer.	Mike Cahen	29 October 1959
date of birth	Mr. Robert Hernreich, (born 1945), is a previous owner of the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association, the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball, the Sacramento Monarchs of the WNBA, the Arizona Rattlers of the Arena Football League, and the Sacramento Knights of the World Indoor Soccer League.	Robert Hernreich	1945
date of birth	Jean Taché, (b. 1698 -- April 18, 1768) made his first trip to Canada in 1727 to deal in furs and engage in other business activities.	Jean Taché	1698
date of birth	Matthew Michalewicz (born 1976) is an entrepreneur and author with experience in the fields of technology, commercialization and supply chain management.	Matthew Michalewicz	1976
date of birth	Chris Rokos (Christopher Charles Rokos, born 21 September 1970) is a British hedge fund manager and philanthropist.	Chris Rokos	1970
date of birth	Rob Maas (born 17 December 1969) is a Dutch football manager and former player, currently interim manager of Vitesse.	Rob Maas	17 December 1969
date of birth	Michael F. Scholz (born Berlin 13 September 1958) is a German university professor in modern and contemporary history, currently (2015) based in Sweden.	Michael F. Scholz	1958
date of birth	Amin Wardak (born in 1951) was a major Afghan mujahideen leader who mostly fought against the Afghan communist regime and the Soviet invaders in his home region of Wardak Province during the Soviet war in Afghanistan in the 80's.	Amin Wardak	1951
date of birth	Peter Bales (1547--1610?) was an English calligrapher and one of the inventors of shorthand writing.	Peter Bales	1547
date of birth	Giuseppe Bonno (29 January 1711 -- 15 April 1788) was an Austrian composer of Italian origin.	Giuseppe Bonno	29 January 1711
date of birth	Scott Hamilton Kennedy (born 1965) is an American film director, producer, writer and editor primarily known for his work in directing documentary films.	Scott Hamilton Kennedy	1965
date of birth	Michael Stilo (born 8 November 1951) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL), and Brunswick in the Victorian Football Association (VFA), during the 1970s.	Michael Stilo	8 November 1951
date of birth	Lynne Franks (born 16 April 1948) founded one of the UK's best-known public relations consultancies in the early 1970s and is currently an advocate, communications strategist, writer and spokeswoman on women's issues, sustainability and consumer lifestyles.	Lynne Franks	16 April 1948
date of birth	Povilas Vanagas (Lithuanian pronunciation: ​(ˈpôːvʲɪɫɐs ˈväːnɐɡɐs); born 23 July 1970) is a Lithuanian ice dancer.	Povilas Vanagas	23 July 1970
date of birth	Ulla Agneta Jones (née Andersson; born 18 June 1946), known professionally as Ulla Andersson and Ulla Jones is a former high fashion model, actress, singer, songwriter and photographer.	Ulla Jones	18 June 1946
date of birth	Timothy Schedl (b. 1955 in Iowa City, Iowa) is a professor of genetics at Washington University in St. Louis.	Timothy Schedl	1955
date of birth	Robert Stoltenberg (born 17 April 1965) is a Norwegian actor and comedian known for his various impressions in different comedy series.	Robert Stoltenberg	17 April 1965
date of birth	Latifa Baka (born 1964), is a Moroccan author of novels and short stories.	Latifa Baka	1964
date of birth	Ernesto Maguengue (born 2 August 1964) is a Mozambican clergyman, who is the Auxiliary Bishop of Nampula.He was ordained as a priest on 14 May 1989 in Maputo.	Ernesto Maguengue	2 August 1964
date of birth	Zachariah T. Woodall (September 1849 -- September 12, 1899) was a soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 6th U.S. Cavalry during the Red River War, and later in the Spanish--	Zachariah T. Woodall	September 1849
date of birth	Joe Crowther (born 1913) was an English motorcycle speedway rider who had his greatest success in the period immediately after World War II. Crowther was born in Stanley, County Durham and after early ambitions of becoming a jockey, initially pursued a career as a footballer with Crook Town.	Joe Crowther	1913
date of birth	Richard B. Frank (born 1947 in Kansas) is an American lawyer and military historian.	Richard B. Frank	1947
date of birth	Pop Levi (born Jonathan James Mark Levi 22 September 1977 in Surrey) is an English singer, multi-instrumentalist and record producer.	Pop Levi	22 September 1977
date of birth	Dr. Arthur Thomas Doodson (31 March 1890 -- 10 January 1968) was a British oceanographer.	Arthur Thomas Doodson	31 March 1890
date of birth	Omid Sekenari (Persian: امید سکناری‎, born 24 April 1988) is an Iranian handball player for Magnesium Ferdows and the Iranian national team.	Omid Sekenari	24 April 1988
date of birth	Alice Lamb (born 5 October 1984) plays for Great Britain women's national ice hockey team as defenceman.	Alice Lamb	5 October 1984
date of birth	He Shikai (和士開) (524--571), courtesy name Yantong (彥通), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Northern Qi.	He Shikai	524
date of birth	Simon Whelehan (born 27 July 1976) is an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Offaly senior hurling team.	Simon Whelehan	27 July 1976
date of birth	John F.W. Rogers (born 1956) is a partner at Goldman Sachs.	John F.W. Rogers	1956
date of birth	Sonaram Sutiya was born into an ethnic Assamese Sutiya family on 8 June 1915 to Jagiram Sutiya and Phuleswari Sutiya in Jorhat district of Assam.	Sonaram Sutiya	8 June 1915
date of birth	Sarah Wu (born 1977) is an American elementary school teacher who went undercover in 2010 to ``raise awareness about school lunch food in America.''	Sarah Wu	1977
date of birth	John Runnings (22 August 1917 -- 25 April 2004) was a peace protester also known as the ``Wall Walker''.	John Runnings	22 August 1917
date of birth	Alan Kamara (born 15 July 1958) is an English former footballer who played 339 matches in the Football League for York City, Darlington, Scarborough and Halifax Town.	Alan Kamara	15 July 1958
date of birth	Loeiz Honoré (born 26 January 1961 at La Guerche de Bretagne, France) is a violin maker living in Cremona, Italy since 1978.	Loeiz Honoré	26 January 1961
date of birth	Ellen Frankel (born 1951) was the editor-in-chief of The Jewish Publication Society from 1991 until 2009, and also served as CEO of the JPS for 10 years.	Ellen Frankel	1951
date of birth	Luis Miró Doñate (born 3 March 1913; died 15 September 1991) was a Spanish footballer and coach.	Luis Miró	3 March 1913
date of birth	Uwe Meierhenrich (born 23 October 1967 in Detmold) is a German Physico-Chemist.	Uwe Meierhenrich	23 October 1967
date of birth	Evan Mandery (born 1967) is an American author and criminal justice academic at John Jay College of Criminal Justice.	Evan Mandery	1967
date of birth	Clara Aurora Liljenroth (7 June 1772 -- 28 February 1836), also incorrectly referred to as Charlotta Liljeroth, was a Swedish scholar.	Aurora Liljenroth	7 June 1772
date of birth	Victoria Monks (1 November 1884 -- 1927) was a British music hall singer of the early 20th century.	Victoria Monks	1 November 1884
date of birth	Tamrat Desta (born 1978) is an Ethiopian singer and vocalist.	Tamrat Desta	1978
date of birth	Raya Zeineddine (Arabic: راية زين الدين‎ born 8 March 1988) is a Syrian sports shooter.	Raya Zeineddine	8 March 1988
date of birth	Shama Sikander Gesawat (born 4 August 1981) is an Indian actress who is best remembered for her lead role in the celebrated TV series Yeh Meri Life Hai (2003-2005).	Shama Sikander	4 August 1981
date of birth	Goran Čolak (born in Zagreb, 24 April 1983) is a Croatian free-diver.	Goran Čolak	24 April 1983
date of birth	Sam Nzima (Born: 8 August 1934, Lillydale, Transvaal) is the South African photographer who took what became the iconic image of Hector Pieterson for the Soweto uprising, but struggled for years to get the copyright.	Sam Nzima	8 August 1934
date of birth	Osvaldo Cavandoli (1 January 1920 -- 3 March 2007), also known by his pen name Cava, was an Italian cartoonist.	Osvaldo Cavandoli	1 January 1920
date of birth	Jozef Jarabinský (born 12 March 1944) is a former Czechoslovak football player and later a football manager of Slovak origin.	Jozef Jarabinský	12 March 1944
date of birth	Simon LeVay (born 28 August 1943) is a British-American neuroscientist.	Simon LeVay	28 August 1943
date of birth	Paul Abdel Sater (born 20 September 1962 in Ain El Remmaneh, Lebanon) is a Curial bishop of the Maronite Catholic Patriarchate of Antioch.	Paul Abdel Sater	20 September 1962
date of birth	Marabel Morgan (25 June 1937-) is an American author of self-help books for married women, including The Total Woman (1973), Total Joy (1983), The Total Woman Cookbook (1980) and The Electric Woman (1986).	Marabel Morgan	25 June 1937
date of birth	Andriy Mykhailovych Danylko (Ukrainian: Андрі́й Миха́йлович Дани́лко; born 2 October 1973), better known as his drag character Verka Serduchka (Ukrainian: Вєрка Сердючка), is a Ukrainian comedian and pop and dance singer.	Verka Serduchka	2 October 1973
date of birth	Jan Kalabiška (born 22 December 1986) is a Czech footballer player who currently plays for FK Mladá Boleslav as a winger.	Jan Kalabiška	22 December 1986
date of birth	Gabriel Villa (born 1965, El Paso, Texas, USA) is a Pilsen, Chicago-based artist and muralist.	Gabriel Villa	1965
date of birth	Stephen Paisley (born 28 July 1983) is an Irish professional football player currently without a club.	Stephen Paisley	28 July 1983
date of birth	Yeranuhi Karakashian (Armenian: Երանուհի Գարագաշյան; 1848 in Uskudar, Ottoman Empire - 1924 in Tiflis, Georgia) was an ethnic Armenian actress.	Yeranuhi Karakashian	1848
date of birth	Amnon Yariv (born 1930) is an Israeli-American professor of applied physics and electrical engineering at Caltech, known for innovations in optoelectronics.	Amnon Yariv	1930
date of birth	Jean-François Rossignol is an American scientist, a medicinal chemist and a physician, born in France on September 5, 1943.	Jean-François Rossignol	1943
date of birth	Ashley Allanson (born 13 November 1986) is a footballer, who plays in midfield at Bridlington Town.	Ashley Allanson	13 November 1986
date of birth	Ali Al Hajj (born 1955) is the former major general and director of the Lebanese Internal Security Forces.	Ali Al Hajj	1955
date of birth	Haider Ackermann (born 29 March 1971) is a Colombian designer of ready-to-wear fashion.	Haider Ackermann	29 March 1971
date of birth	Alyaksandar Lukhvich (Belarusian: Аляксандар Лухвіч; Russian: Александр Анатольевич Лухвич; born 21 February 1970) is a Belarusian professional football coach and a former player.	Alyaksandar Lukhvich	21 February 1970
date of birth	El Viejín, (born José Jiménez in 1963 in Madrid), is a Spanish flamenco guitarist.	El Viejín	1963
date of birth	Nayanthara (born Diana Mariam Kurian on 18 November 1984) is an Indian film actress from Kerala, who appears in South Indian films.	Nayanthara	18 November 1984
date of birth	Prodromos Meravidis (Greek: Πρόδρομος Μεραβίδης,born in 1910 and died August 12, 1981) was a pioneer of Greek cinema.	Prodromos Meravidis	1910
date of birth	Trent Hotton (born 1 December 1973) is an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Carlton in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Trent Hotton	1 December 1973
date of birth	Ahmed Marzooq (born 1 September 1976 in Addu Feydhoo, Republic of Maldives), also known as Mare, is the Secretary General of Maldives Olympic Committee.	Ahmed Marzooq	1 September 1976
date of birth	Edwin Chesley Estes Lord (born 1868) was an American geologist and petrographer.	Edwin Chesley Estes Lord	1868
date of birth	Kevin McManamon (born 9 December 1986) is a Gaelic footballer for Dublin who plays for St Judes alongside his elder brother Brendan McManamon and has been a member of the Dublin since 2010.	Kevin McManamon	9 December 1986
date of birth	Jannie Engelbrecht (born 10 November 1938) was a Springbok rugby player who represented his country from 1960 to 1969.	Jannie Engelbrecht	10 November 1938
date of birth	Selena Fox (born 20 October 1949 in Arlington, Virginia) is a Wiccan priestess, interfaith minister, environmentalist, pagan elder, author, and lecturer in the fields of pagan studies, ecopsychology, and comparative religion.	Selena Fox	20 October 1949
date of birth	Brian Drysdale (born 24 February 1943) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left back.	Brian Drysdale	24 February 1943
date of birth	Martin Losu (also Marthin Losu, born 15 March 1987) is an Indonesian athlete.	Martin Losu	15 March 1987
date of birth	Marina Anna Eich (born 17 December 1976) is a German film actress and producer.	Marina Anna Eich	17 December 1976
date of birth	Elizabeth Mongudhi (born 15 June 1970 in Windhoek) is a retired Namibian athlete competing in the long-distance events.	Elizabeth Mongudhi	15 June 1970
date of birth	Cezayirli Gazi Hasan Pasha or Hasan Pasha of Algiers (1713--19 March 1790) was an Ottoman captain, Grand Admiral (1770-1790), Grand Vizier (1790), and general of the late 18th century.	Cezayirli Gazi Hasan Pasha	1713
date of birth	Miklós Korondi (born 16 April 1955) is a Hungarian politician and a member of parliament between 2010 and 2014.	Miklós Korondi	16 April 1955
date of birth	Ardal O'Hanlon (/oʊˈhænlən/; born 8 October 1965) is an Irish comedian and actor.	Ardal O'Hanlon	8 October 1965
date of birth	Gary Ramsden (born 2 March 1983, Dewsbury, Yorkshire, England) is an English first-class cricketer, who played in one first-class match, and one one day match, for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 2000.	Gary Ramsden	2 March 1983
date of birth	Anastas Avramidhi-Lakçe or Anastas Avram-Lakçe (1821--1890) was an Albanian businessman and benefactor.	Anastas Avramidhi-Lakçe	1821
date of birth	Adrian Papahagi (born 20 March 1976, Cluj) is a Romanian philologist, essayist and politician.	Adrian Papahagi	20 March 1976
date of birth	Derek Burnett (born 27 October 1970) is an Irish sport shooter from County Longford, who specialises in the trap.	Derek Burnett	27 October 1970
date of birth	Richard Anthony Burke (born 19 February 1949) was a prelate in the Roman Catholic Church.	Richard Anthony Burke	19 February 1949
date of birth	Georgi Chomakov (Bulgarian: Георги Чомаков) (born 6 April 1959) is a Bulgarian fencer.	Georgi Chomakov	6 April 1959
date of birth	Semisi Masirewa (born 9 June 1992) is a Fijian rugby union footballer who currently plays as an outside back for the Force in the international Super Rugby competition.	Semisi Masirewa	9 June 1992
date of birth	Arvid Nilssen (25 December 1913, Alvdal, Hedmark -- 24 March 1976) was a Norwegian actor, revue artist and singer.	Arvid Nilssen	25 December 1913
date of birth	Michelangelo Faggioli (1666--1733), was an Italian lawyer and celebrated amateur composer of humorous cantatas in Neapolitan dialect.	Michelangelo Faggioli	1666
date of birth	Ingrid Wendt (born 1944), is an American writer and poet.	Ingrid Wendt	1944
date of birth	Yosef Tamir (Hebrew: יוסף תמיר‎, 5 March 1915 -- 10 August 2009) was an Israeli journalist, politician, lawyer and a professional javelin thrower.	Yosef Tamir	5 March 1915
date of birth	Mark Milloff (born 1953 in Miami, Florida) is an internationally exhibited American painter and art professor.	Mark Milloff	1953
date of birth	Robin Tilbrook (born 1958) is a solicitor and English politician, the chairman and a founder member of the English Democrats, a political party that advocates English independence.	Robin Tilbrook	1958
date of birth	Boris Blacher (19 January (O.S. 6 January) 1903 -- 30 January 1975) was a German composer and librettist.	Boris Blacher	6 January) 1903
date of birth	Llywelyn Siôn (1540 -- c.1615) was a Welsh language poet.	Llywelyn Siôn	1540
date of birth	Damien Lock (born 1 October 1978) is a former Australian rules footballer & current Professional Boxer, who played with Carlton in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Damien Lock	1 October 1978
date of birth	George Arthur Keartland (11 June 1848 -- 21 May 1926) was an Australian typographer and ornithologist notable for his collecting work on the Horn and Calvert scientific exploring expeditions.	George Arthur Keartland	11 June 1848
date of birth	Bernard Benesh (17 August 1891 in Graben -- 17 September 1964 in Burrville in Morgan County, Tennessee) was an American entomologist who specialised in Lucanidae.	Bernard Benesh	17 August 1891
date of birth	Thomas Piermayr (born 2 August 1989) is an Austrian footballer who plays for Békéscsaba in Nemzeti Bajnokság I in Hungary.	Thomas Piermayr	2 August 1989
date of birth	Marta Chrust-Rożej (born 29 September 1978 in Namysłów) is a Polish athlete who specializes in the 400 metres hurdles and 4x400 m relay.	Marta Chrust-Rożej	29 September 1978
date of birth	Jiří Kormaník (born 26 March 1935) is a retired wrestler.	Jiří Kormaník	26 March 1935
date of birth	Anurag Anand (born 2 November 1978) is an Indian author with ten published titles in the self-help, general fiction and historical fiction genres.	Anurag Anand	2 November 1978
date of birth	Maud Frizon de Marco (born Danielle Maud Frizon 1941, Paris, France) is a fashion designer specializing in women's shoes.	Maud Frizon	1941
date of birth	Jurica Grabušić (born 28 March 1983) is a Croatian athlete who specializes in the 110 metre hurdles.	Jurica Grabušić	28 March 1983
date of birth	Jeroni Fajardo (born 5 April 1985), is a Spanish International motorcycle trials rider.	Jeroni Fajardo	1985
date of birth	Kamal G (born 22 July 1989) is an Indian film director, film editor and film producer from Kovilpatti in Thoothukudi District, Tamil Nadu, who works in the South Indian film industry.	Kamal G	22 July 1989
date of birth	Jungil Hong also known as Jung-li Hong (1976 born in Seoul, Korea) is an Korean-American artist based in Providence, Rhode Island.	Jungil Hong	1976
date of birth	Amalie Hofer, née Weissenrieder (12 September 1820, Gengenbach, Baden - 18 February 1872) was the German wife of Johann Hofer (18 August 1810 in Önsbach - 4 August 1880 in Offenburg) Both were agitators and revolutionaries in the 1848 Revolution.	Amalie Hofer	12 September 1820
date of birth	Kamini Kadam (born Manik Kadam; 1933 -- 2000) was an Indian actress who appeared in Marathi and Hindi films in the 1950s and 1960s.	Kamini Kadam	1933
date of birth	Johannes Winnertz ( 11 February 1800 - 24 July 1890) was a German entomologist specialising in Diptera.	Johannes Winnertz	11 February 1800
date of birth	Rombaut Pauwels or Rombout Pauwels (or Pauli) (Mechelen, 1625 -- Ghent, 4 January 1692) was a Flemish architect and sculptor who worked in a moderate Baroque style.	Rombaut Pauwels	1625
date of birth	Ada of Huntingdon (c. 1146 -- after 1206) was a Scottish noblewoman and Countess of Holland by marriage.	Ada of Huntingdon	1146
date of birth	Serges Flavier Mbilla Etame (22 June 1988), also known as Mbilla Etame, is a Cameroonian professional football player, as of 2015, who is a part of Antalyaspor squad competing at Süper Lig.	Mbilla Etame	22 June 1988
date of birth	Merveille Lukeba (born 30 March 1990) is a Congo born, British actor, best known for his role as Thomas Tomone in double BAFTA-winning E4 teen drama Skins.	Merveille Lukeba	30 March 1990
date of birth	St Basil of Pavlovsky Posad, born Vasily Gryaznov (1816 -- February 16, 1869), also known as Holy Vasily, is a Russian saint, glorified in 1999 for living a righteous life.	Basil of Pavlovsky Posad	1816
date of birth	Allan Bresland (born 16 August 1945, Dunamanagh, County Tyrone) is a unionist politician in Northern Ireland.	Allan Bresland	16 August 1945
date of birth	Shaul Shats (born 1944) (variant names Shaul Shatz, Saul Shatz) is an Israeli painter, printmaker and illustrator, born in 1944 in Kibbutz Sarid, Israel.	Shaul Shats	1944
date of birth	Savannah Smith Boucher (born October 28, 1943), known professionally as Savannah Smith prior to 1985, is an American actress originally from Springhill in Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana.	Savannah Smith Boucher	1943
date of birth	N. Sikki Reddy (born 18 August 1993) is an Indian badminton player who plays doubles and mixed doubles.	N. Sikki Reddy	18 August 1993
date of birth	Keith Miles (born 1940) is a writer of historical fiction and mystery novels.	Keith Miles	1940
date of birth	Gregory Dexter (1610--1700) was a printer, Baptist minister, and early President of the combined towns of Providence and Warwick in the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.	Gregory Dexter	1610
date of birth	Karen Ignagni (b. 1954, Providence, RI) is the President and Chief Executive Officer of EmblemHealth as of 9/1/2015, until which time she was the President and Chief Executive Officer of America's Health Insurance Plans (AHIP), formerly HIAA (Health Insurance Association of America).	Karen Ignagni	1954
date of birth	Purushottam Nagesh Oak (2 March 1917 -- 4 December 2007), commonly referred to as P. N. Oak, was an Indian writer, notable for his Hindu-centric brand of historical revisionism.	P. N. Oak	2 March 1917
date of birth	Nancy Murdoch (born 17 October 1969 in Dumfries) is a Scottish curling coach from Lockerbie.	Nancy Murdoch	17 October 1969
date of birth	Sir Brian McMaster (born 9 May 1943) CBE in Hitchin is an English arts administrator.	Brian McMaster	9 May 1943
date of birth	Jaromír Ježek (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjaromiːr ˈjɛʒɛk); born 13 November 1986) is a Czech judoka.	Jaromír Ježek	13 November 1986
date of birth	Elizabeth Jeffreys (born 22 July 1941) was Bywater and Sotheby Professor of Byzantine and Modern Greek Language and Literature, University of Oxford, and Fellow of Exeter College, Oxford, 1996--2006.	Elizabeth Jeffreys	22 July 1941
date of birth	Roland Kökény (born 24 October 1975) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the early 2000s in European and World Championships as well as the Olympics Games.	Roland Kökény	24 October 1975
date of birth	Joseph Ingraham (1762--1800) was an American sailor and maritime fur trader who discovered several islands of the Marquesas Islands while on his way to trade along the west coast of North America.	Joseph Ingraham	1762
date of birth	Claudine Wallet (born 20 August 1932) is a Belgian Olympic fencer.	Claudine Wallet	20 August 1932
date of birth	Geertjan Lassche (born in Zwolle, 17 August 1976) is a Dutch reporter and documentary film maker.	Geertjan Lassche	17 August 1976
date of birth	Thor Gjermund Eriksen (born 2 October 1966) is a Norwegian journalist and editor who has been Director-General of the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation since 12 March 2013.	Thor Gjermund Eriksen	2 October 1966
date of birth	William Lucas Root (1919 -- April 22, 2007) was a noted American information theorist.	William Lucas Root	1919
date of birth	Irfan Kolothum Thodi (born 8 February 1990) is an Indian athlete from Malappuram, Kerala.	Irfan Kolothum Thodi	8 February 1990
date of birth	Amanda Burton (born 10 October 1956) is a Northern Irish actress, active from 1981.	Amanda Burton	10 October 1956
date of birth	Robert Allwood (1803--1891) was an English-born cleric and academic in colonial Sydney, who served as rector of St James' Church, Sydney for 44 years.	Robert Allwood	1803
date of birth	He Depu (Chinese: 何德普; pinyin: Hé Dépǔ; born 28 October 1956) is a dissident in the People's Republic of China.	He Depu	28 October 1956
date of birth	Eli Johana Moreno Valencia (born 15 April 1985 in Carepa, Antioquia) is a Colombian track and field athlete who specialises in the hammer throw.	Johana Moreno	15 April 1985
date of birth	Günther Mund Borgs (1934 -- March 27, 2011) was a competitive diver who represented Chile at two Olympic Games.	Günther Mund	1934
date of birth	Magie Dominic (born 1944) is a Canadian poet, author, and artist who was born in Corner Brook, Newfoundland.	Magie Dominic	1944
date of birth	Noel Tovey AM (born 25 December 1934) is an Australian dancer, actor, mentor, director and choreographer.	Noel Tovey	25 December 1934
date of birth	Arthur Stanton (1892 -- after 1917) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham.	Arthur Stanton	1892
date of birth	Kristian Norheim (born 19 April 1976) is a Norwegian politician who has been a member of the Stortinget as an alternate for State Secretary Bård Hoksrud.	Kristian Norheim	19 April 1976
date of birth	Donna Fox (born 22 October 1984), is a British Women's International motorcycle trials rider.Fox was a member of the winning British Women's TDN team in 2006-2007 and 2015.	Donna Fox	22 October 1984
date of birth	Elizabeth de Comyn (1 November 1299 - 20 November 1372) was a medieval noblewoman and heiress, notable for being kidnapped by the Despenser family towards the end of the reign of King Edward II.	Elizabeth de Comyn	1 November 1299
date of birth	John V. Robinson (born 1960) is an American writer and photographer who specializes in photographing heavy construction work with a focus on bridge construction and the men and women who do the work.	John V. Robinson	1960
date of birth	Dennes De Kegel (born 7 January 1994) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a right back for Belgian football association Cercle Brugge.	Dennes De Kegel	7 January 1994
date of birth	Alexander M. Schweitzer (born 7 April 1964 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German theologian and musician.	Alexander M. Schweitzer	7 April 1964
date of birth	Raymond Rahme (Born in 1945) is a South African professional poker player.	Raymond Rahme	1945
date of birth	William K. Sessions III (born 1947 in Hartford, Connecticut) is serving as senior judge on the United States District Court for the District of Vermont and has served as the Vice Chair and eventually as Chair of the United States Sentencing Commission.	William K. Sessions III	1947
date of birth	Raymond Beegle was born in Los Angeles in 1942, and received a bachelor of arts degree from UCLA.	Raymond Beegle	1942
date of birth	Robert M. Allan (born 1880) was a member of the City Council in Los Angeles, California from 1921 to 1927.	Robert M. Allan	1880
date of birth	Bhanu Bharti (born 1947) is an eminent Indian theatre director and playwright, and the founder-director of Aaj Rangmandal theatre group.	Bhanu Bharti	1947
date of birth	Engineer Benson Abounu who was born on 3 July 1949, attended the Methodist Primary School, Upu-Icho in Otukpo, his birthplace, from 1957 to 1963.	Benson Abounu	3 July 1949
date of birth	Gary Svee (born 1943) is an American author and journalist, known for his Westerns.	Gary Svee	1943
date of birth	Peter McCabe (born Peter Henry McCabe; 7 November 1945 -- April 1998) was an English author and music journalist, who wrote in a variety of genres.	Peter McCabe	7 November 1945
date of birth	Marianne Suhr MRICS (born c. 1969) is an English Chartered Building Surveyor, writer, and expert on historic buildings.	Marianne Suhr	1969
date of birth	Rosa Torre González (1896) in the state of Yucatán, Mexico.	Rosa Torre González	1896
date of birth	Terry Jackman (born 1943 in Brisbane) is a businessman involved in media, sports, and tourism in Australia.	Terry Jackman	1943
date of birth	Nikos Iordanidis (Greek: Νίκος Ιορδανίδης; born 17 July 1980) is a professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Kavala.	Nikos Iordanidis	17 July 1980
date of birth	Babak Masoumi Daraki (13 July 1972 -- 10 August 2011) was an Iranian futsal player and coach who was former captain of the Iranian national team.	Babak Masoumi	13 July 1972
date of birth	Andreas Loverdos (Greek: Ανδρέας Λοβέρδος (anˈðreas loˈverðos); born 15 May 1956) is a Greek politician who was Minister for Education and Religious Affairs from 2014 to 2015.	Andreas Loverdos	1956
date of birth	Doris A. Davis (born circa 1935) is a former mayor of Compton, California, who earned a place in history as the first African-American woman mayor of a metropolitan city in the United States.	Doris A. Davis	1935
date of birth	China Marks (born 1942, Kansas City, Missouri) is an American artist creating process-directed sewn drawings and one-of-a-kind books.	China Marks	1942
date of birth	Růžena Krásná (born 22 June 1921) is a Czech liberal politician and human rights advocate, who was a political prisoner under the Communist regime in Czechoslovakia for eleven years.	Růžena Krásná	22 June 1921
date of birth	Ahmed Kotiev (born 15 January 1968) is a Russian former professional boxer and a former WBO World Champion in the Welterweight class.	Ahmed Kotiev	15 January 1968
date of birth	Arthur Pickles OBE JP (December 1901 -- April 3, 1984), was a British architect and Liberal Party politician who was Mayor of Halifax.	Arthur Pickles	December 1901
date of birth	Philip II, Count of Nassau-Weilburg (14 March 1418 -- 19 March 1492 in Mainz) was Count of Nassau in Weilburg and shared briefly the regency of the County of Saarbrücken.	Philip II, Count of Nassau-Weilburg	14 March 1418
date of birth	Fawwaz Haddad (Arabic: فواز حدّاد) (born 1947) is a Syrian novelist.	Fawwaz Haddad	1947
date of birth	Derek Fordjour (born 1974 in Memphis, TN) is an interdisciplinary artist who works in video/film, sculpture and painting.	Derek Fordjour	1974
date of birth	Frankie Armstrong (born 13 January 1941 in Workington, Cumberland, England) is a singer and voice teacher.	Frankie Armstrong	13 January 1941
date of birth	Dahr Jamail (born 1968) is an American journalist who was one of the few unembedded journalists to report extensively from Iraq during the 2003 Iraq invasion.	Dahr Jamail	1968
date of birth	Wang Enge (born January 1957) is a Chinese physicist and academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.	Wang Enge	January 1957
date of birth	Vladimir Milenković (Serbian Cyrillic: Bлaдимиp Mилeнкoвић, born 22 June 1982) is a Serbian football striker who plays for Sinđelić Beograd.	Vladimir Milenković	22 June 1982
date of birth	Kesiraju Srinivas (born 14 October 1966 in Tekkali, Srikakulam district, Andhra Pradesh ), popularly known as Ghazal Srinivas, holds the Guinness world record for most languages sung.	Ghazal Srinivas	14 October 1966
date of birth	Harold Edward Bindloss (1866 - December 30, 1945) was an English novelist who wrote many adventure novels set in western Canada.	Harold Edward Bindloss	1866
date of birth	Alec Bregonzi (21 April 1930, London -- 4 June 2006) was an English actor who appeared in a number of stage and television roles.	Alec Bregonzi	21 April 1930
date of birth	Sanjida Islam (Bengali: সানজিদা ইসলাম) (born: 1 April 1996 in Rangpur) is a Bangladeshi women cricketer who plays for the Bangladesh national women's cricket team.	Sanjida Islam	1 April 1996
date of birth	Charlie Slowes (born c. 1961) is a longtime American sportscaster who is the radio play-by-play announcer for the Washington Nationals.	Charlie Slowes	1961
date of birth	Daniel Huňa (born 25 June 1979) is a former professional Czech football player.	Daniel Huňa	25 June 1979
date of birth	Sarah Stephens (born 7 June 1990) is an Australian model, best known for winning Girlfriend magazine's Model Search 2006 and walking in the 2008 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show at the age of 18.	Sarah Stephens	7 June 1990
date of birth	Kevin Cheung (born Cheung Ho Yan on 23 February 1990) is a Mauritian swimmer.	Kevin Cheung	23 February 1990
date of birth	Penny Layden (born 1969) is a British actress who has performed at the National Theatre - Table, Timon of Athens, Edward II, with the Royal Shakespeare Company), the Old Vic Theatre Shakespeare's Globe and with Shared Experience and the Royal Exchange Theatre amongst other theatre companies.	Penny Layden	1969
date of birth	Smaragde Mbonyintege (born 2 February 1947) is the Catholic Bishop of Kabgayi, in Rwanda.	Smaragde Mbonyintege	2 February 1947
date of birth	Richard K. Fleischman (born 1941) is an American accounting scholar and Emeritus Professor of Accounting at the John Carroll University, known for his work on accounting history.	Richard K. Fleischman	1941
date of birth	Ahmed Qessab (born on 15 April 1981 in Marrakech) is a Moroccan footballer who usually plays as a defender.	Ahmed Qessab	15 April 1981
date of birth	Li Kongzheng (Chinese: 李孔政; pinyin: Lǐ Kǒngzhèng; born 4 May 1959) is a Chinese diver.	Li Kongzheng	4 May 1959
date of birth	Dainius Razauskas (born 1960 in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian mythologist, historian of religions, writer, and translator.	Dainius Razauskas	1960
date of birth	Dave Dillewaard (born 16 October 1983) is an Australian BMX Dirt and Freestyle rider.	Dave Dillewaard	16 October 1983
date of birth	Sister Jesme, born 1956, is an academician from Kerala, India.	Sister Jesme	1956
date of birth	Ethelbert White was an English wood engraver who was born on 26 February 1891.	Ethelbert White	26 February 1891
date of birth	Josef Steindl (14 April 1912 -- 7 March 1993) was an Austrian-born Post-Keynesian economist.	Josef Steindl	1912
date of birth	Yun Wang (born 1964) is a poet and cosmologist.	Yun Wang	1964
date of birth	Anette Gleichmann, née Skaugen (born 1964) is a Norwegian investor and publisher.	Anette Gleichmann	1964
date of birth	Nicholas Daniel (born 9 January 1962) is a British oboist and conductor.	Nicholas Daniel	9 January 1962
date of birth	Fabio De'Longhi (born 1967) is an Italian businessman, CEO of De'Longhi.	Fabio De'Longhi	1967
date of birth	Alan Basil de Lastic (24 September 1929 -- 20 June 2000) was a prominent Catholic (Latin Rite) clergyman in India who was installed as the fourth Archbishop of Delhi in November 1990.	Alan Basil de Lastic	24 September 1929
date of birth	Muhammad Mansoor Afaq (Urdu: محمد منصور آٖفاق‎) born 17 January 1962, known as Mansoor Afaq (Urdu: منصور آفاق‎), is a Pakistani Urdu poet, playwright, columnist and religious scholar.	Mansoor Afaq	17 January 1962
date of birth	Nicholas Sutton (born 18 August 1969) is an English property developer.	Nicholas Sutton	18 August 1969
date of birth	Pertemba (born 1949), also called Pertemba Sherpa, is a professional Nepalese mountaineer, trek leader and businessman.	Pertemba	1949
date of birth	Ellery Akers (born 1946) is an award-winning American writer and artist living on the Northern California Coast.	Ellery Akers	1946
date of birth	Davis Schneiderman (born 1974) is an American writer and academic, known for the unusual packaging of his novels.	Davis Schneiderman	1974
date of birth	Yuliana Doncheva Petkova (Bulgarian: Юлияна Дончева Петкова) (born 25 June 1965) is a Bulgarian politician, businesswoman and television personality.	Yuliana Doncheva	25 June 1965
date of birth	Arif Ozakca (Turkish: Arif Özakça) (born 1979 in London, United Kingdom) is a British artist who combines montages with painting.	Arif Ozakca	1979
date of birth	Warren Scott (born 28 September 1971 in Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire) is a British race driver.	Warren Scott	28 September 1971
date of birth	Mark Justice (born c. 1970) is a former Magic:	Mark Justice	1970
date of birth	Pierre-Jules Boulanger, often known simply as Pierre Boulanger (10 March 1885 - 12 November 1950) was a French engineer and businessman.	Pierre-Jules Boulanger	10 March 1885
date of birth	Pål Johannessen (born circa 1960) is a Norwegian former child actor.	Pål Johannessen	1960
date of birth	Dudu Twito (born 6 February 1994, in Be'er Sheva) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Maccabi Petah Tikva as a left back.	Dudu Twito	6 February 1994
date of birth	Arnaldo Faustini (1872--1944) was an Italian polar geographer, writer, and cartographer.	Arnaldo Faustini	1872
date of birth	Jodocus Crull, M.D., FRS (1660--1713) was a late 17th-century and early 18th-century ``miscellaneous writer'' on historical subjects, with political and sociological insights.	Jodocus Crull	1660
date of birth	Ryder Britton (born 21 December 1985) is a retired Canadian film and television actor.	Ryder Britton	21 December 1985
date of birth	Michel Tremblay, CQ (born 25 June 1942) is a Canadian novelist and playwright.	Michel Tremblay	25 June 1942
date of birth	Vern Sarsfield (10 December 1905 -- 21 January 1984) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Vern Sarsfield	10 December 1905
date of birth	Yashodhara Ray Chaudhuri (born 1965) is a poet residing in Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	Yashodhara Ray Chaudhuri	1965
date of birth	Judith Levine (born 1952) is an American author, journalist, civil libertarian and co-founder of the National Writers Union, a trade union of contract and freelance writers, and No More Nice Girls, a group dedicated to promoting abortion rights through street theater.	Judith Levine	1952
date of birth	Chen Shiwei (Born 26 January 1997) is a Chinese track and field sprint athlete who competes in the Men's 4x100m relay event.	Chen Shiwei	26 January 1997
date of birth	Amirthanathan Adaikalanathan (Tamil: அமிர்தநாதன் அடைக்கலநாதன்; born 10 June 1962; commonly known as Selvam Adaikalanathan) is a Sri Lankan Tamil militant turned politician and Member of Parliament.	Selvam Adaikalanathan	10 June 1962
date of birth	Luigi Arditi (16 July 1822 -- 1 May 1903) was an Italian violinist, composer and conductor.	Luigi Arditi	16 July 1822
date of birth	Markus Hoffmann (2 January 1971 -- 16 January 1997) was a German actor, most famous for his portrayal of Henning von Anstetten in the soap opera Verbotene Liebe.	Markus Hoffmann	2 January 1971
date of birth	Richard Ritter (born 1940) is an American studio glass artist who lives in North Carolina.	Richard Ritter	1940
date of birth	Andrea Sottil (born 4 January 1974) is an Italian former footballer turned coach.	Andrea Sottil	4 January 1974
date of birth	Vishnu Govind Jog, better known as V. G. Jog (22 February 1922 -- 31 January 2004), was an Indian violinist.	V. G. Jog	22 February 1922
date of birth	Emma Moffatt (born 7 September 1984) is an Australian professional triathlete.	Emma Moffatt	7 September 1984
date of birth	Simon de Pury (born 1951) is a Swiss art auctioneer and collector.	Simon de Pury	1951
date of birth	Gao Zhilin (Chinese: 高志林; Pinyin: Gāo Zhìlín; born 8 January 1991) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Meizhou Kejia in the China League Two.	Gao Zhilin	8 January 1991
date of birth	Tony Bilbow (born 17 April 1932) is a British television interviewer, film expert and writer.	Tony Bilbow	17 April 1932
date of birth	Derek John Blundell (born 1933) is a British geologist, now Emeritus Professor of Geophysics, Royal Holloway, University of London.	Derek John Blundell	1933
date of birth	Donald J. Hall Sr. (born 1929) is the chairman of the board and majority shareholder of Hallmark Cards, the world's largest greeting card manufacturer and one of the world's largest privately held companies.	Donald J. Hall Sr.	1929
date of birth	Jan Talich, Jr. (born 1967) is Czech violinist and conductor.	Jan Talich	1967
date of birth	Harold Spina (21 June 1906 -- 18 July 1997) was an American composer of popular songs.	Harold Spina	21 June 1906
date of birth	Maja Zebić (born 31 May 1982) is a Croatian handballer playing in the left wing position for the Croatian national team and ŽRK Vardar.	Maja Zebić	31 May 1982
date of birth	Shaun Dingwall (born 1970) is an English actor and is known for his roles on film, television and stage.	Shaun Dingwall	1970
date of birth	Thomas Woolfall (born 1871, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer who played as a right-back.	Thomas Woolfall	1871
date of birth	René Le Hir, Reun an Hir in Breton, (1920--1999) was a Breton nationalist.	René Le Hir	1920
date of birth	Su Liangsi (蘇良嗣) (606 -- February 24, 690), formally the Duke of Wen (溫公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as chancellor during the first reign of Emperor Ruizong.	Su Liangsi	606
date of birth	An Jae-jun (Hangul: 안재준; born 8 February 1986) is a South Korean football centre-back, who plays for Ansan Police.	An Jae-jun	8 February 1986
date of birth	Erol Evgin (born 1947 in Istanbul), is a Turkish pop singer, composer, and film actor.	Erol Evgin	1947
date of birth	Gleb Vladimirovich Nosovsky or Nosovskiy (Russian: Глеб Владимирович Носовский) (born 26 January 1958) is a Russian mathematician.	Gleb Vladimirovich Nosovsky	26 January 1958
date of birth	O Muel (born Oh Kyung-heon in 1971) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter.	O Muel	1971
date of birth	Sir Uday Chand Mahtab KCIE the Maharajadhiraja Bahadur of Bardhaman Raj, K.C.I.E., (14 July 1905 -- 10 October 1984) was the last ruler of Burdwan Raj, who ruled from 1941 till 1955, when the zamindari system was abolished in India.	Uday Chand Mahtab	14 July 1905
date of birth	Yang Kuan (Chinese: 杨宽, 1914 − September 1, 2005) was a Chinese historian specializing in pre-Qin Dynasty Chinese history.	Yang Kuan	1914
date of birth	Guus Hupperts (born 25 April 1992) is a Dutch professional footballer, who currently plays for Willem II, on loan from AZ, in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Guus Hupperts	25 April 1992
date of birth	Ammiel Alcalay (born 1956) is an American poet, scholar, critic, translator, and prose stylist.	Ammiel Alcalay	1956
date of birth	Reverend Paula Niukula was born in April, 1937 in Dobuilevu, Ra where his father, the late Ratu Epeli Niukula, was stationed as an Agricultural officer.	Paula Niukula	April, 1937
date of birth	Suzanna Arundhati Roy (born 24 November 1961) is an Indian author who is best known for her novel The God of Small Things (1997), which won the Man Booker Prize for Fiction in 1997.	Arundhati Roy	24 November 1961
date of birth	Philippe Boisse (born 18 March 1955) a French fencer.	Philippe Boisse	18 March 1955
date of birth	The Sucklord (born Morgan Phillips circa 1969 in New York City) is a New York pop artist.	The Sucklord	1969
date of birth	Vishwambhar Dayalu Tripathi (born 5 October 1899, Died: 18 November 1959) was an Indian lawyer and politician.	Vishwambhar Dayalu Tripathi	5 October 1899
date of birth	Ihor Yastrebov (born 7 November 1989), better known as Jimmy X Rose, is a Ukrainian musician and designer.	Jimmy X Rose	7 November 1989
date of birth	Mayur Puri (born 28 May 1974) is an Indian screenwriter, lyricist, actor and film-maker working in Mumbai.	Mayur Puri	28 May 1974
date of birth	Raja Farah Binti Raja Aziz (born 5 July 1988), is a Malaysian actress and model.	Raja Farah	5 July 1988
date of birth	Brent Sherwin (born 20 March 1978 in Greenacre, New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby league player.	Brent Sherwin	20 March 1978
date of birth	Kim Hyo-joo (Korean 김효주, born 14 July 1995), also known as Hyo Joo Kim, is a South Korean professional golfer who plays on the LPGA of Korea Tour.	Kim Hyo-joo	14 July 1995
date of birth	Wolfgang Giegerich (born 1942) is a psychologist, trained as a Jungian analyst.	Wolfgang Giegerich	1942
date of birth	Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Rabiah (born 11 November 1954) is a Saudi surgeon and former minister of health.	Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Rabiah	11 November 1954
date of birth	Nina Katchadourian (Armenian: Նինա Խաչատուրյան; born 1968, Stanford, California) is an Armenian-American artist.	Nina Katchadourian	1968
date of birth	Li Zuocheng (Chinese: 李作成; born October 1953) is a general (shang jiang) of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China.	Li Zuocheng	1953
date of birth	Tomasz Sobecki (born 1952 in Toruń), active fine art photographer since 1981.	Tomasz Sobecki	1952
date of birth	Thiago Augusto Fernandes (born 20 May 1990) is a Striker/Forward who is currently playing for Felda United F.C. in the Malaysia Super League.	Thiago Augusto Fernandes	20 May 1990
date of birth	David M. Lampton (born 1946) is George and Sadie Hyman Professor and Director of China Studies at the Johns Hopkins Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) and Chairman of The Asia Foundation.	David M. Lampton	1946
date of birth	Rabbi Eliyahu Essas (Hebrew: אליהו אסאס‎, Hebrew: Илья Эссас‎; born 1946) is a former leader of Soviet Jewry and one of the founders of Baal Teshuva movement in the Soviet Union.	Eliyahu Essas	1946
date of birth	Boris Divjak (born 31 October 1972 in Zagreb, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is economist by training and an anti-corruption activist who founded the Bosnia and Herzegovina (BiH) branch of the non-governmental organisation Transparency International (TI) in 2000.	Boris Divjak	31 October 1972
date of birth	Colette Rossant (born 1932) is a French-American cookbook author, journalist, translator, and restaurateur.	Colette Rossant	1932
date of birth	Victor Shepherd (born 1944) is a Canadian Presbyterian minister, theology professor and author living in Toronto.	Victor Shepherd	1944
date of birth	Patrick Ottoz (born 15 June 1971) is an Italian former athlete who competed in the 400 metres hurdles.	Patrick Ottoz	15 June 1971
date of birth	Paul Karslake FRSA (born 1958) is an artist, primarily a painter.	Paul Karslake	1958
date of birth	Leung Chi Wo Warren (born 1968) is a Hong Kong visual artist and a current associate professor at the School of Creative Media, City University of Hong Kong His forms of works mainly range from photography, installation, paintings and videos.	Leung Chi Wo Warren	1968
date of birth	Robert Millis (born 1974) is an American online media producer.	Robert Millis	1974
date of birth	Chandra Sekhar Yeleti (born 4 March 1973) is an Indian film director, known for his works in Telugu cinema.	Chandra Sekhar Yeleti	4 March 1973
date of birth	José Alesio da Silva (born 27 September 1968), commonly known as Alesio, is a retired Brazilian futsal player and coach.	José Alesio da Silva	27 September 1968
date of birth	Andrei Ivanovich Bogdanov (Russian: Андрей Иванович Богданов) (1692 -- September 11, 1766) was one of the first Russian bibliographers and ethnographers.	Andrei Ivanovich Bogdanov	1692
date of birth	Paula Barila Bolopa (born 12 October 1979), nicknamed 'The Crawler', is a retired Equatoguinean football player and swimmer.	Paula Barila Bolopa	12 October 1979
date of birth	Lucien Abenhaim (born 1951 in Casablanca) is a pharmacoepidemiologist and an expert in public health.	Lucien Abenhaim	1951
date of birth	Gavin Fraser (born 23 February 1972 in Liverpool, England) is an English-born, former Scotland Under 21 international, Scottish rugby union player who played for Glasgow Warriors at the Wing positions Gavin Fraser was Scottish-Qualified as his father, Gordon, was born in Scotland.	Gavin Fraser	23 February 1972
date of birth	Fan Hongbin (born 1975) is a Chinese gymnast.	Fan Hongbin	1975
date of birth	Ángel Cappelletti (1927--1995) was a philosopher and university professor.	Ángel Cappelletti	1927
date of birth	Mehmet Aktaş (born 1966 in Iğdır, Turkey) is a Kurdish filmmaker, producer, author and journalist born in Turkey but living in Germany.	Mehmet Aktaş	1966
date of birth	Conor McPherson (born 6 August 1971) is an Irish playwright and director.	Conor McPherson	6 August 1971
date of birth	Michiko Sellars (born 7 April 1985), known by her stage name MiChi, is a Japanese-British pop singer.	MiChi	7 April 1985
date of birth	Wilhelmina Weber Furlong (1878-1962) was a German American artist and teacher.	Wilhelmina Weber Furlong	1878
date of birth	Nolberto Molina Flórez (born 5 January 1953) is a former Colombian football defender and manager.	Nolberto Molina	5 January 1953
date of birth	Annie Ross (born 25 July 1930) is a British-American singer and actress, best known as a member of the jazz vocal trio Lambert, Hendricks & Ross.	Annie Ross	25 July 1930
date of birth	Gumercindo España Olivares (born 1935) is a Mexican artisan who specializes in traditional toys hand carved from wood.	Gumercindo España Olivares	1935
date of birth	William Henry Barlow FRS FRSE FICE MIMechE (10 May 1812 --12 November 1902) was an English civil engineer of the 19th century, particularly associated with railway engineering projects.	William Henry Barlow	10 May 1812
date of birth	Adel Zawati (Arabic: عادل زواتي; born Zawata, Nablus, 1920; died 1984) was a Palestinian statesman and politician.	Adel Zawati	1920
date of birth	Horace Wolcott Robbins (21 October 1842 -- 1904) was an American landscape painter known for his watercolors.	Horace Wolcott Robbins	21 October 1842
date of birth	Nikita Naumov (Belarusian: Мiкiта Навумаў; Russian: Никита Наумов; born 15 November 1989) is a Belarusian footballer playing currently for Vitebsk.	Nikita Naumov	15 November 1989
date of birth	Martin Ehrenreich (born 10 May 1983) is an Austrian football defender for SK Sturm Graz.	Martin Ehrenreich	10 May 1983
date of birth	Seán Clohessy (born 27 October 1931) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Kilkenny senior team.	Seán Clohessy	1931
date of birth	Robert Adam Lyon (baptized 4 October 1829 -- June 6, 1901) was a Canadian businessman and Liberal member of the Ontario Provincial Parliament from 1878 to 1884 and from 1885 to 1890.	Robert Adam Lyon	4 October 1829
date of birth	Steven Martens (Lier, 25 May 1965) is a Belgian sports executive and the ex-CEO of the Royal Belgian Football Association.	Steven Martens	25 May 1965
date of birth	Daniel Yankelovich (born December 29, 1924) is a public opinion analyst and social scientist.	Daniel Yankelovich	1924
date of birth	Umapati Kumar was born on 8 February 1898 in Chagram located in the Burdwan district of West Bengal.	Umapati Kumar	8 February 1898
date of birth	John Yorkston (born 13 July 1954 in Dunfermline) was previously Chairman of Scottish First Division side Dunfermline Athletic.	John Yorkston	13 July 1954
date of birth	Angela Groothuizen (born 28 September 1959) is a Dutch singer, artist and television personality.	Angela Groothuizen	28 September 1959
date of birth	Guan Zhe (Chinese: 关喆; pinyin: Guān Zhé; born 23 April 1981) is a Chinese pop singer and songwriter.	Guan Zhe	23 April 1981
date of birth	Ragnar Bohlin is a Swedish conductor born in 1965.	Ragnar Bohlin	1965
date of birth	Maxine Chernoff (born 1952) is an American novelist, writer, poet, academic and literary magazine editor.	Maxine Chernoff	1952
date of birth	Korene Hinds (born 19 October 1976) is a Jamaican long-distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metre steeplechase.	Korene Hinds	19 October 1976
date of birth	Andrea Calcese (1595--1656), also called Ciuccio, was an Italian comic actor of the Baroque era.	Andrea Calcese	1595
date of birth	Kirsten Münchow (known as Kirsten Klose from 2002 until 2007; born 21 January 1977) is a German hammer thrower who won the Olympic bronze medal in 2000 with a personal best throw of 69.28 metres.	Kirsten Klose	21 January 1977
date of birth	Teklemariam Medhin Weldeslassie (born 24 June 1989 in Hazega) is an Eritrean long-distance runner who specializes in the 5000 metres and 10,000 metres.	Teklemariam Medhin	24 June 1989
date of birth	Bernhard Cullmann, (born 1 November 1949) nicknamed ``Bernd'', is a former German footballer.	Bernhard Cullmann	1 November 1949
date of birth	Isaac Slover (1780--1854) was an American 19th century fur trader.	Isaac Slover	1780
date of birth	Joann Aalfs (born March 29, 1923) is an American women's rights and LGBT rights activist.	Joann Aalfs	1923
date of birth	Barry Geraghty (born 16 September 1979 in Pelletstown, County Meath, Ireland) is an Irish jockey.	Barry Geraghty	16 September 1979
date of birth	Enedina Alves Marques (13 January 1913 - 1981) is a Brazilian engineer and teacher.	Enedina Alves Marques	13 January 1913
date of birth	Chantal Janzen (born 15 February 1979) is a Dutch musical actress.	Chantal Janzen	15 February 1979
date of birth	Wojciech Cejrowski (born 27 June 1964 Elbląg) is a Polish traveler, television and radio journalist, writer, Catholic publicist, satirist, and photographer.	Wojciech Cejrowski	27 June 1964
date of birth	Born in 1950, Jeanna Petyarre (also known as Jeannie Petyarre) is a member of a family of well-known artists that includes Kathleen Petyarre, Ada Bird Petyarre and Emily Kame Kngwarreye.	Jeanna Petyarre	1950
date of birth	Keith Michael Fiels (born 1949) is an American librarian.	Keith Michael Fiels	1949
date of birth	Helen Perlstein Pollard (born 1946) is an American academic ethnohistorian and archaeologist, noted for her publications and research on pre-Columbian cultures in the west-central Mexico region.	Helen Perlstein Pollard	1946
date of birth	Wu Xianghu ( c. 1964 -- February 2, 2006) was a Chinese journalist who became the editor of the Taizhou Evening News or Taizhou Wanbao before being severely beaten by traffic police in 2005.	Wu Xianghu	1964
date of birth	Andrea Sedláčková (born 22 July 1967) is a Czech film director, editor and screenwriter.	Andrea Sedláčková	22 July 1967
date of birth	Hristo Lemperov (Bulgarian: Христо Лемперов; born 22 April 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for OFC Pomorie as a left back.	Hristo Lemperov	22 April 1988
date of birth	Radek Haman (born 22 December 1969) is a Czech professional ice hockey center who most recently played with HC Breclav of the Czech 4, Liga.	Radek Haman	22 December 1969
date of birth	Tomaž Nose (born 21 April 1982) is a Slovenian retired racing cyclist.	Tomaž Nose	21 April 1982
date of birth	Marion Cohen (born 1943) is an American poet whose pen name is Marion Deutsche Cohen.	Marion Cohen	1943
date of birth	William Mudd Martin Haskell (born 1946) is an American physician who, in 1992, described an abortion procedure known clinically as intact dilation and extraction (D&X), and popularly by the controversial, non-medical, non-technical term ``partial-birth abortion''.	Martin Haskell	1946
date of birth	George Ayoub (born 23 October 1963) is an Australian professional rugby union referee.	George Ayoub	23 October 1963
date of birth	Henry Hugh Peter Deasy (1866 -- February 1947) was an Irish army officer, founder of the Deasy Motor Car Company and a writer.	Henry Hugh Peter Deasy	1866
date of birth	Ola Didrik Saugstad (born 5 March 1947) is a Norwegian pediatrician and neonatologist, who is internationally recognized for his research on resuscitation of newborn children and his contribution to reduce child mortality.	Ola Didrik Saugstad	5 March 1947
date of birth	George Roy McWilliam (July 21, 1905 -- May 15, 1977) was a Member of Parliament in the Canadian House of Commons for the constituency of Northumberland--	George Roy McWilliam	1905
date of birth	Michael Deane (born 19 March 1961) is a chef from Lisburn, Northern Ireland.	Michael Deane	19 March 1961
date of birth	Pete Wiggs (born Peter Stewart Wiggs, 15 May 1966, Reigate, Surrey, England) is an English musician and DJ.	Pete Wiggs	15 May 1966
date of birth	Sam Buntrock (born 19 September 1975) is an English stage director.	Sam Buntrock	19 September 1975
date of birth	Denise Bode (born 1954, Tulsa, Oklahoma) is a nationally recognized energy policy expert and a former Corporate Commissioner of that state.	Denise Bode	1954
date of birth	Charles Kinkead OD (3 October 1913 -- 1 June 2007) was a Jamaican photojournalist and journalist, whose career spanned more than four decades.	Charles Kinkead	3 October 1913
date of birth	Rev Dr Chris Tsui Hesse was born on 29 August 1932 at Osu, Accra.	Chris Tsui Hesse	29 August 1932
date of birth	Virak Dara (born Kim Hiek in Kampot province, 1947) is a Cambodian actress primarily known for her roles in the 1960s and early-to-mid-1970s.	Virak Dara	1947
date of birth	Teresa Saponangelo (born in 1973) is an Italian film, television and stage actress.	Teresa Saponangelo	1973
date of birth	Paul Gauselmann (born 26 August 1934) is a German businessman, the founder and CEO of Gauselmann, a German company that produces slot machines, and runs gambling arcades.	Paul Gauselmann	26 August 1934
date of birth	Brandon Victor Dixon (born 1981) is an American actor, singer and theatrical producer.	Brandon Victor Dixon	1981
date of birth	Lino Banfi (born Pasquale Zagaria 11 July 1936) is an Italian film actor and presenter.	Lino Banfi	11 July 1936
date of birth	Safia Farkash (born 1952) is the widow of the former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, and mother of seven of his eight biological children.	Safia Farkash	1952
date of birth	Herman Waldmann FRS FMedSci (born 27 February 1945) is a British immunologist known for his work on therapeutic monoclonal antibodies.	Herman Waldmann	27 February 1945
date of birth	Daniel Birt (23 June 1907 -- 15 May 1955) was an English film director and editor.	Daniel Birt	23 June 1907
date of birth	Ladislav Lipič (born 30 November 1951 in Murska Sobota) is a Slovene major general, who in his career was:	Ladislav Lipič	30 November 1951
date of birth	Detlef Wiedeke (born 5 July 1950) is a German singer, songwriter and record producer.	Detlef Wiedeke	5 July 1950
date of birth	Tenzing Sonam (born 16 January 1959) is a Tibetan film director, writer and essayist.	Tenzing Sonam	16 January 1959
date of birth	Sachiko Murata (村田幸子, born 1943) is a professor of religion and Asian studies at the State University of New York at Stony Brook.	Sachiko Murata	1943
date of birth	Pamela Evans (born 1949) is a British author who is also trained as a medical doctor and a published academic.	Pamela Evans	1949
date of birth	Mohammad Said Hamid Junid (17 June 1902 -- after 1962), often credited as Moh.	Mohammad Said Hamid Junid	17 June 1902
date of birth	Han Ye-seul (born Leslie Kim on 18 September 1981) is an American-born South Korean actress.	Han Ye-seul	18 September 1981
date of birth	Ricky Wells (born 27 July 1991 in Auckland, New Zealand), is an American international motorcycle speedway rider who was the 2009 US National Champion.	Ricky Wells	27 July 1991
date of birth	Robert S. Leiken (born March 19, 1939) is an American intellectual, political scientist, and historian who has worked at several U.S. universities and policy centers.	Robert S. Leiken	1939
date of birth	Samuel Boutal (born 22 November 1969) is a former French football (soccer) striker or offensive midfielder.	Samuel Boutal	22 November 1969
date of birth	Lawrence Macdonald sometimes Laurence Macdonald (15 February 1799 -4 March 1878) was a Scottish sculptor, operational in the 19th century.	Lawrence Macdonald	1799
date of birth	Enrico dal Covolo SDB (born 5 October 1950) is the current rector of the Pontifical Lateran University since his appointment on 30 June 2010.	Enrico dal Covolo	5 October 1950
date of birth	António Chainho (born Santiago do Cacém, 1938) is a Portuguese fado guitarist.	António Chainho	1938
date of birth	Arthur Hallworth (1884 -- after 1906) was an English professional footballer who played in the First Division of the Football League for Birmingham.	Arthur Hallworth	1884
date of birth	John Haden Badley (21 February 1865 -- 6 March 1967), author, educator, and founder of Bedales School, which claims to have become the first coeducational public boarding school in England in 1893.	John Haden Badley	21 February 1865
date of birth	Paul Herzberg (born 1953) is a South African-born actor and playwright.	Paul Herzberg	1953
date of birth	Alice Shalvi (Hebrew: אליס שלוי, born 16 October 1926) is an Israeli professor and educator.	Alice Shalvi	16 October 1926
date of birth	Lee Blackett (born 21 November 1982 in Chester, Cheshire, United Kingdom) is an English rugby union footballer named the new Backs Coach for the 2015/2016 by the Wasps.	Lee Blackett	21 November 1982
date of birth	Ramona Koval (born 1954, Melbourne) is an Australian broadcaster, writer and journalist.	Ramona Koval	1954
date of birth	Jimmie Macgregor (born 10 March 1930) is a Scottish folksinger and broadcaster, best known as half of a singing duo with Robin Hall.	Jimmie Macgregor	10 March 1930
date of birth	Rowenna Davis (born 28 February 1985) is a British political journalist and wrote Tangled Up in Blue about the Blue Labour movement.	Rowenna Davis	28 February 1985
date of birth	Peter McKenna (born 27 August 1946 in Brunswick West, Victoria) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented Collingwood and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1960s and 1970s.	Peter McKenna	27 August 1946
date of birth	John Anthony Derrington, CBE, FREng (1921 -- 9 February 2008) was a British civil engineer.	John Anthony Derrington	1921
date of birth	Anne-Lise Kielland (28 October 1919 -- 21 July 2005) was a Norwegian equestrian.	Anne-Lise Kielland	28 October 1919
date of birth	Mikhail Lakhitov (born c. 1981) is a Russian professional poker player.	Mikhail Lakhitov	1981
date of birth	Samuel Adjei (born 18 January 1992) is a Swedish footballer who is currently plays for Jönköpings Södra IF after being released by Newcastle United.	Samuel Adjei	18 January 1992
date of birth	Ezra Squier Tipple (1861--1936) was the fifth president of Drew Theological Seminary from 1912 to 1929.	Ezra Squier Tipple	1861
date of birth	Deborah Hertz (born February 9, 1949), is an American historian whose specialties are modern German history, modern Jewish history and modern European women's history.	Deborah Hertz	1949
date of birth	Farid El Alagui (born 28 August 1985) is a French-born Moroccan football striker who plays for Scottish Championship club Hibernian.	Farid El Alagui	28 August 1985
date of birth	Tom Oliver (born 12 June 1938, Hampshire, England) is an English-Australian television, film and theatre actor best known today for playing the role of Lou Carpenter in the Australian soap opera Neighbours.	Tom Oliver	12 June 1938
date of birth	Christian Falk (25 April 1962 -- 24 July 2014) was a Swedish record producer and musician.	Christian Falk	25 April 1962
date of birth	Michael 'Mike' Gilbert (20 July 1947 -- 14 August 2000) was a prolific fan artist in the late ''60s in Locus and other fanzines as well as an author, and publishing professional.	Michael 'Mike' Gilbert	20 July 1947
date of death	Bobby Stokes (30 January 1951 -- 30 May 1995) was an English footballer, well known for scoring the winning goal in the 83rd minute of the FA Cup Final for Southampton F.C. against Manchester United in 1976.	Bobby Stokes	30 May 1995
date of death	Hedevig Johanne Bagger (1740--1822) was a Danish inn-keeper and postmaster.	Hedevig Johanne Bagger	1822
date of death	John II, Count of Ziegenhain (died 14 February 1450) was the second son of Count Gottfried VIII of Ziegenhain and his wife Agnes of Brunswick.	John II, Count of Ziegenhain	14 February 1450
date of death	Edwin Wilkins Field (12 October 1804 -- 30 July 1871) was an English lawyer and painter who committed much of his life to law reform.	Edwin Wilkins Field	30 July 1871
date of death	Odd Solli (8 August 1924 -- 29 March 2007) was a Norwegian bobsledder.	Odd Solli	29 March 2007
date of death	Diana Barnato Walker MBE FRAeS (15 January 1918 -- 28 April 2008) was an English aviator and horse rider, the first British woman to break the sound barrier.	Diana Barnato Walker	28 April 2008
date of death	Penelope Barker (June 17, 1728, Edenton, Chowan County, North Carolina − 1796) was an activist in the American Revolution who in 1774 organised a boycott of British goods known as the Edenton Tea Party.	Penelope Barker	1796
date of death	Lei Tong (died 218) was a military general serving under the warlord Liu Zhang during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history.	Lei Tong	218
date of death	Gyeon Singeom (r. 935--936) was the second and final king of Hubaekje, one of the Later Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Gyeon Singeom	936
date of death	Leo Lankinen (Langinen) (Russian: Лео Фомич Ла́нкинен, Leo Fomich Lankinen) (13 July 1926 -- 17 December 1996) was a Karelian sculptor and painter.	Leo Lankinen	17 December 1996
date of death	Larry DuPraz (1919--2006) was the long-time production supervisor of The Daily Princetonian and Princeton University's unofficial ``professor of journalism.''	Larry DuPraz	2006
date of death	Rudolf Krčil (5 March 1906 -- 3 April 1981) was a former Czech football player and later manager.	Rudolf Krčil	3 April 1981
date of death	William Pattison (1706--1727) was a short-lived English poet, now mostly remembered for his erotic poems.	William Pattison	1727
date of death	Baron Victor Frédéric Chassériau (19 October 1774 -- 18 June 1815) was a French general of the Napoleonic Wars, who served as chief of staff to general Comte Milhaud.	Victor Frédéric Chassériau	18 June 1815
date of death	Val Rosing (1910--1969) was the British ``Dance Hall'' and British dance band singer best known as the vocalist with the BBC in the BBC Dance Orchestra directed by Henry Hall.	Val Rosing	1969
date of death	Sebastian Sebastiani, (died 1626) was an Italian sculptor and founder.	Sebastian Sebastiani	1626
date of death	Saw O died in September 1323, and was succeeded by his brother Saw Zein.	Saw O	September 1323
date of death	Robert Desmond (1923 - 2002) was a British film and television actor of the 1950s and 1960s.	Robert Desmond	2002
date of death	Charles James Watkin Williams (23 September 1828 -- 17 July 1884) was a Welsh judge, doctor and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1880.	Charles James Watkin Williams	17 July 1884
date of death	Ide Pedersdatter Falk (1358-15 August 1399), was a powerful Danish noble landholder and the founder of a convent.	Ide Pedersdatter Falk	15 August 1399
date of death	Dr. John van Salee de Grasse (1825--1868) was the first African-American to be formally educated as a doctor in the United States.	John van Salee de Grasse	1868
date of death	Scipione Dentice (29 January 1560 -- 21 April 1633) was a Neapolitan keyboard composer.	Scipione Dentice	21 April 1633
date of death	Apollinaris William Baumgartner, O.F.M. Cap., D.D., (24 July 1899 -- 18 December 1970) was a prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, serving as Bishop of Agaña, Guam, from 1945 to 1970.	Apollinaris William Baumgartner	18 December 1970
date of death	Ram Nath Kak (1917--1993) (Kashmiri: राम नाथ काक (Devanagari)) (born in Srinagar and died in Honolulu) was a Kashmiri veterinarian whose autobiography Autumn Leaves is one of the most vivid portraits of life in 20th century Kashmir and has become a sort of a classic.	Ram Nath Kak	1993
date of death	Alfred John Keene (1864--1930) was a British watercolour artist working in Derby.	Alfred John Keene	1930
date of death	Christine Buckley (1946/1947 -- 11 March 2014) was the director of the Aislinn support and education group for survivors of Industrial Schools in Ireland.	Christine Buckley	11 March 2014
date of death	Johann Stössel (also spelled Stoessel, 24 June 1524 -- 18 March 1576) was a Lutheran Theologian and Reformer.	Johann Stössel	18 March 1576
date of death	Saints Digna and Emerita (died 259 AD) are venerated as saints by the Catholic Church.	Digna and Emerita	259
date of death	Sir Patrick Heron Watson (1832 -- 1907) was an eminent 19th century Scottish surgeon and pioneer of anaesthetic development and modern dentistry.	Patrick Heron Watson	1907
date of death	Ilseong of Silla (died 154, r. 134--154) was the seventh ruler of Silla, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Ilseong of Silla	154
date of death	Ferdinand Paul Wirtgen (7 January 1848, Koblenz -- 26 January 1924, Bonn) was a German pharmacist and botanist.	Ferdinand Paul Wirtgen	26 January 1924
date of death	Frederick Sidney Cotton OBE (17 June 1894 -- 13 February 1969) was an Australian inventor, photographer and aviation and photography pioneer, responsible for developing and promoting an early colour film process, and largely responsible for the development of photographic reconnaissance before and during the Second World War.	Sidney Cotton	13 February 1969
date of death	Frank Barson (10 April 1891 -- 13 September 1968) was an English footballer from Grimesthorpe who played for several English football clubs including Barnsley, Manchester United, Aston Villa and Watford.	Frank Barson	13 September 1968
date of death	Herbert Brereton Baker, CBE, FRS (25 June 1862 -- 27 April 1935) was a British inorganic chemist.	Herbert Brereton Baker	27 April 1935
date of death	Auguste Dreyfus (28 June 1827 -- 25 May 1897) was a French businessman who made his fortune by financing the Peruvian trade in guano.	Auguste Dreyfus	25 May 1897
date of death	Theophilus Philip (23 March 1926 -- 24 December 1960), better known as Mighty Spoiler, was a Trinidadian calypsonian.	Mighty Spoiler	1960
date of death	George Cholmondeley, 2nd Earl of Cholmondeley, PC, FRS (1666 -- 7 May 1733), styled The Honourable from birth until 1715 and then known as Lord Newborough to 1725, was an English soldier.	George Cholmondeley, 2nd Earl of Cholmondeley	7 May 1733
date of death	Nahum Tate (/ˈneɪ.əm ˈteɪt/ NAY-əm TAYT; 1652 -- 30 July 1715) was an Irish poet, hymnist and lyricist, who became England's poet laureate in 1692.	Nahum Tate	30 July 1715
date of death	Simon Rozgonyi (died March 1414) was a Hungarian nobleman and judge royal, who supported Ladislaus of Naples against Sigismund, Holy Roman Emperor.	Simon Rozgonyi	1414
date of death	Johann Gottlieb Goldberg (before 14 March 1727 -- 13 April 1756), also known as Johann Gollberg or Johann Goltberg, was a German virtuoso harpsichordist, organist, and composer of the late Baroque and early Classical period.	Johann Gottlieb Goldberg	13 April 1756
date of death	Nikolaus Krell (c. 1551 -- 9 October 1601), chancellor of the elector of Saxony, was born at Leipzig, and educated at the university of his native town.	Nikolaus Krell	9 October 1601
date of death	Antonio Castriani (surname also given as Crastini) (c.1460 -- August 11, 1510) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop.	Antonio Castriani	1510
date of death	Mutlu Çerkez (17 September 1964 -- 10 December 2005) was a British-born Australian-Turkish Cypriot conceptual artist.	Mutlu Çerkez	10 December 2005
date of death	Sir Richard Young, 1st Baronet (died 1651) was an English courtier and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1624.	Sir Richard Young, 1st Baronet	1651
date of death	Andrea Mocenigo (after 1471 -- 1542), son of Lunardo, was a Venetian senator of the republic and a historian and in 1495 Protonotary apostolic.	Andrea Mocenigo	1542
date of death	Ali Dost Khan, often referred to as Dost Ali Khan, was the Mughal Empire's Nawab of the Carnatic from 1732 to 1740.	Dost Ali Khan	1740
date of death	Anita Gregory (née Kohsen, 9 June 1925 to 7 November 1984) was a German-born British psychologist and parapsychologist.	Anita Gregory	7 November 1984
date of death	Texas artist Royston Nave (1886--1931) is the namesake of the Nave Museum, an art museum in Victoria, Texas.	Royston Nave	1931
date of death	Albert Bartha de Nagyborosnyó (12 August 1877 - 2 December 1960) was a Hungarian military officer and politician, who served as Minister of Defence twice: in 1918 and, almost thirty years later, between 1946 and 1947.	Albert Bartha	2 December 1960
date of death	Dr Annie McCall L.R.Q.C.P. (Ireland) and L.M., MD Berne (23 September 1859 -- 1949) was one of the first women to qualify as a doctor and was a significant contributor to the modern practice of midwifery.	Annie McCall	1949
date of death	A. Vaidyanatha Iyer (1890-1955), also known as Madurai Vaidyanatha Iyer or Ayyar was an Indian activist, politician and freedom-fighter who spearheaded the temple entry movement in Madras Presidency in 1939.	A. Vaidyanatha Iyer	1955
date of death	Edward Robert Armstrong (1876--1955) was a Canadian born engineer and inventor who in 1927 proposed a series of ``seadrome'' floating airport platforms for airplanes to land on and refuel for transatlantic flights.	Edward Robert Armstrong	1955
date of death	Alexis Tendil (12 August 1896, Le Teil, Ardèche -- 5 October 2005) was, at age 109, one of the last few surviving French veterans of the First World War.	Alexis Tendil	5 October 2005
date of death	Sir William Rough (c.1772--1838) was an English lawyer, judge and poet.	William Rough	1838
date of death	Saint Eanswith (Old English: Ēanswīþ; born c. 614, Kent, England. Died c. 640, Folkestone, England), also spelled Eanswythe or Eanswide, was an Anglo Saxon princess.	Eanswith	640
date of death	Henry John Horstman Fenton (18 February 1854 -- 13 January 1929) was a British chemist who, in the 1890s invented Fenton's reagent, a solution of hydrogen peroxide and an iron catalyst that is used to oxidize contaminants or waste waters.	Henry John Horstman Fenton	13 January 1929
date of death	Charles Howard Curran (20 March 1894 at Orillia in Ontario - 23 January 1972 in Leesburg in Florida) was a Canadian entomologist who specialised in Diptera.	Charles Howard Curran	23 January 1972
date of death	Professor Eugene Byron Smalley (1926--2002) was an American plant pathologist.	Eugene Byron Smalley	2002
date of death	Ugo Tognazzi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈuːɡo toɲˈɲattsi); 23 March 1922 -- 27 October 1990) was an Italian film, TV, and theatre actor, director, and screenwriter.	Ugo Tognazzi	27 October 1990
date of death	Hendrik Adamson (6 October (O.S. 24 September) 1891 -- 7 March 1946) was an Estonian poet and teacher.	Hendrik Adamson	7 March 1946
date of death	Ivor Watts (28 December 1924 -- 19 March 2006) was a Welsh postman, and professional rugby league footballer for Hull from 1945--1960 and also represented Cumberland from 1952--1953.	Ivor Watts	19 March 2006
date of death	Nissim Ezekiel (16 December 1924 -- 9 January 2004) was an Indian Jewish poet, actor, playwright, editor and art-critic.	Nissim Ezekiel	9 January 2004
date of death	Dr. Ivy Williams (7 September 1877 -- 18 February 1966) was the first woman to be called to the English bar in 1922.	Ivy Williams	18 February 1966
date of death	Miroslav Šalom Freiberger (Hebrew: שלום פרייברגר‎; January 9, 1903 Zagreb, Croatia -- c. May 8, 1943 Auschwitz) was chief rabbi of Zagreb, catechist, translator, writer and spiritual leader.	Miroslav Šalom Freiberger	1943
date of death	George Mackaness (1882 - 1968), born in Sydney, was a distinguished Australian educator, historian and bibliophile.	George Mackaness	1968
date of death	Robert Venables Vernon Harcourt (7 May 1878 -- 8 September 1962) was a British diplomat, playwright, farmer and Liberal Party politician.	Robert Venables Vernon Harcourt	8 September 1962
date of death	James Grand (8 March 1857 -- 7 November 1921) was a Canadian businessman who founded the stationery store Grand & Toy with his brother-in-law, Samuel Martin Toy, in 1883.	James Grand	7 November 1921
date of death	Bedros Magakyan (1826--1891), was an Ottoman-Armenian actor and theater director.	Bedros Magakyan	1891
date of death	Agnes Miller Parker (1895--1980) was an engraver and illustrator.	Agnes Miller Parker	1980
date of death	Sergius Gamerius (or Sarkis al-Gamri, born in 1610 in Ehden, Lebanon - died in 1668 in Marseille, France) was an Arabist and Maronite bishop.	Sergius Gamerius	1668
date of death	Cornelis Johannes van Houten (February 18, 1920 -- 24 August 2002) was a Dutch astronomer, sometimes referred to as Kees van Houten.	Cornelis Johannes van Houten	24 August 2002
date of death	Shiu-Ying Hu, BBS (1910 -- 22 May 2012) was a Chinese botanist.	Shiu-Ying Hu	22 May 2012
date of death	Agnes Catherine Maitland (1850--1906) was principal of Somerville College, Oxford.	Agnes Catherine Maitland	1906
date of death	William Keith, 4th Earl Marischal (died 7 October 1581) was a Scottish nobleman and politician.	William Keith, 4th Earl Marischal	7 October 1581
date of death	John Coombs (1 February 1922 -- 3 August 2013) was a British racing driver and racing team owner.	John Coombs	3 August 2013
date of death	Tuluva Narasa Nayaka a Nadava Chieftain (died 1503) was Vijayanagar commander as his father Tuluva Ishvara Nayaka.	Tuluva Narasa Nayaka	1503
date of death	Viggo Widerøe (13 August 1904 -- 8 January 2002) was a Norwegian aviator and entrepreneur.	Viggo Widerøe	8 January 2002
date of death	Hendrick Sorgh (baptized 6 November 1666-buried 23 January 1720) was a broker and art collector in Amsterdam.	Hendrick Sorgh	23 January 1720
date of death	Jim Dorgan (26 November 1930 -- 30 January 2003) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the VFL during the 1950s.	Jim Dorgan	30 January 2003
date of death	Brian Duppa (also spelled Bryan; 10 March 1589 -- 26 March 1662) was an English bishop, chaplain to the royal family, Royalist and adviser to Charles I of England.	Brian Duppa	1662
date of death	Luíz Cruls or Luís Cruls or Louis Ferdinand Cruls (21 January 1848 -- 21 June 1908) was a Belgian-born Brazilian astronomer and geodesist.	Luís Cruls	21 June 1908
date of death	Angelita Helena Margarita de Silva Ferro, Lady Martin-Harvey (28 August 1865 -- 29 March 1949) was an English actress better known by her stage name Miss N. de Silva or Nell de Silva.	Nell de Silva	1949
date of death	Peter Beverley (1668--1728) was a Speaker of the House of Burgesses and Treasurer of Virginia.	Peter Beverley	1728
date of death	Kunigunde of Eisenberg (also known as Kunne; c. 1245 -- before 31 May 1286), was a German noblewoman and the second wife of Landgrave Albert II of Thuringia.	Kunigunde of Eisenberg	1286
date of death	Alwyn MacArchill never appears in records with a title of earl; and that he does not appear in records after the year 1155, yet Alwyn I first appears in record in 1193.	Alwyn MacArchill	1155
date of death	Matthew Maty (1718--1776), originally Matthieu Maty, was a Dutch physician and writer of Huguenot background, and after migration to England secretary of the Royal Society and the second principal librarian of the British Museum.	Matthew Maty	1776
date of death	Tanneke Sconyncx (1560 -- 2 June 1603) was an alleged Flemish witch from Gottem in Flanders.	Tanneke Sconyncx	2 June 1603
date of death	Sir Gilbert Elliot, 1st Baronet, of Minto (c. 1650 -- 1 May 1718) was a Scottish writer, lawyer, politician and judge from Minto in the Scottish Borders.	Sir Gilbert Elliot, 1st Baronet, of Minto	1 May 1718
date of death	Rabbi Natan David Rabinowitz (1814-Szydłowiec, 1865), the son of Rabbi Yerachmiel of Przysucha, was a Polish rabbi who established a local Hasidic court.	Natan David Rabinowitz	1865
date of death	Ivar Formo (24 June 1951 -- 26 December 2006) was a Norwegian cross-country skier who competed during the 1970s.	Ivar Formo	26 December 2006
date of death	Sir Thomas Vesey, 1st Baronet (1668?--1730), was an Irish clergyman.	Sir Thomas Vesey, 1st Baronet	1730
date of death	William Rice Mulliner (11 June 1834 -- 25 July 1863) was a British officer who was the acting governor of the Lagos Colony in 1863.	William Rice Mulliner	25 July 1863
date of death	Ernest Cable, 1st Baron Cable (1 December 1859 -- 28 March 1927) was an Indian-born British merchant and financier.	Ernest Cable, 1st Baron Cable	28 March 1927
date of death	Rebekah Gibbs (17 March 1973 -- 11 November 2014) was an English television and musical theatre actress.	Rebekah Gibbs	11 November 2014
date of death	Arthur Henry Cheatle CBE (4 December 1866 -- 11 May 1929) was an English surgeon who made important contributions to understanding of the anatomy and diseases of the mastoid region.	Arthur Henry Cheatle	11 May 1929
date of death	Alexander Dimitry (1805 - 1883) was an American diplomat, linguist and scholar.	Alexander Dimitry	1883
date of death	Janusz Tyszkiewicz Łohojski of Leliwa (lit. Janusz Tyszkiewicz of Łohojsk; 1590--1649) was a magnate and politician of the Polish--	Janusz Tyszkiewicz Łohojski	1649
date of death	William George Ainslie MP JP (9 January 1832 -- 10 February 1893) was a British Conservative politician, magistrate, ironmaster and stockbroker.	William George Ainslie	10 February 1893
date of death	Patricio Peralta Ramos (May 17, 1814 -- April 25, 1887) was an Argentine businessman and landowner prominent in the foundation of the seaside city of Mar del Plata.	Patricio Peralta Ramos	1887
date of death	Jerry Pacht (ca. 1922 -- April 3, 1997) was a California Superior Court judge who proclaimed himself a ``liberal'' and an ``activist'' and was known for dismissing a charge of public drunkenness against a defendant, ruling that alcoholism was a disease and not a crime.	Jerry Pacht	1997
date of death	Captain Ramón Arnaud Vignon (1877--1916) was an officer in the Mexican Army and the last Mexican governor of Clipperton Island.	Ramón Arnaud	1916
date of death	John Montgomery Traherne (5 October 1788 -- 5 February 1860), FRS, FSA, FGS, FLS, was a Welsh Anglican priest, antiquarian, magistrate and Deputy Lieutenant of County of Glamorgan.	John Montgomery Traherne	5 February 1860
date of death	Frederick Francis I, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (10 December 1756 -- 1 February 1837) ruled over the German state of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, first as Duke (1785--1815), and then as Grand Duke (1815--1837).	Frederick Francis I, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin	1 February 1837
date of death	Samuel Beazley (1786--1851) was an English architect, novelist and playwright.	Samuel Beazley	1851
date of death	Thomas Wenman, 2nd Viscount Wenman (1596 -- 25 January 1665), was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1660.	Thomas Wenman, 2nd Viscount Wenman	25 January 1665
date of death	Richard Lemon Lander (8 February 1804 -- 6 February 1834) was a Cornish explorer of western Africa.	Richard Lemon Lander	6 February 1834
date of death	Simon Geller (1919/1920 - 1995) was an American classical music station radio personality who ran a one-man radio station in Gloucester, Massachusetts.	Simon Geller	1995
date of death	Dr Arthur Thomas Myers (16 April 1851 -- 10 January 1894) was a British physician and sportsman.	Arthur Thomas Myers	10 January 1894
date of death	Avis Bunnage (22 April 1923, Ardwick, Manchester, Lancashire -- 4 October 1990, Thorpe Bay, Southend-on-Sea, Essex) was an English actress of film, stage and television.	Avis Bunnage	4 October 1990
date of death	Frans Langhemans (Mechelen, 1661 - 1720) was a sculptor from Mechelen	Frans Langhemans	1720
date of death	Adolf Martin Pleischl (born 10 October 1787, in Hossenreith, Bohemia; died 31 July 1867, in Dorf an der Enns) was a chemist and medical doctor.	Adolf Martin Pleischl	31 July 1867
date of death	Oddbjørn Hagen (3 February 1908, Ytre Rendal, Hedmark -- 25 June 1983) was a Norwegian skier who competed in nordic combined and cross-country skiing.	Oddbjørn Hagen	25 June 1983
date of death	Dionysius Ó Mórdha, Bishop of Clonfert, died 1534.	Dionysius Ó Mórdha	1534
date of death	Magnus Heinason (or Mogens Heinesøn) (1548 -- 18 January 1589) was a Faroese naval hero, trader and privateer.	Magnus Heinason	18 January 1589
date of death	Blessed Franz Jägerstätter, O.F.S., (in English also spelt Jaegerstaetter) (20 May 1907 - 9 August 1943) (born as Franz Huber) was an Austrian conscientious objector during World War II. Jägerstätter was sentenced to death and executed.	Franz Jägerstätter	9 August 1943
date of death	Daniel Showalter (1830--1866), was California miner, state legislator, duelist, secessionist, soldier for the Confederate States of America in Texas.	Daniel Showalter	1866
date of death	Alexander Seton, 1st Earl of Dunfermline (1555--1622) was a Scottish lawyer, judge and politician.	Alexander Seton, 1st Earl of Dunfermline	1622
date of death	Thomas Badger (1792--1868) was an artist in Boston, Massachusetts, in the 19th-century.	Thomas Badger	1868
date of death	James Andrew Seddon (7 May 1868 -- 31 May 1939) was a British trades unionist and politician.	James Andrew Seddon	31 May 1939
date of death	Tadeusz Gosiewski (1900--1969) was a Polish noble szlachcic.	Tadeusz Gosiewski	1969
date of death	Amy Marie Charles (December 12, 1922 -- 1985) was professor of English literature at The University of North Carolina at Greensboro and a scholar of the seventeenth-century English poet George Herbert.	Amy Marie Charles	1985
date of death	William Balfour Baikie (21 August 1824 -- 30 November 1864) was a Scottish explorer, naturalist and philologist.	William Balfour Baikie	30 November 1864
date of death	Olga Syahputra (born Yoga Syahputra; 8 February 1983 -- 27 March 2015) was an Indonesian actor, comedian, singer, and television presenter.	Olga Syahputra	27 March 2015
date of death	David FitzGerald (sometimes David Fitz Gerald or David fitz Gerald; c. 1106 -- 8 May 1176) was a medieval Bishop of St David's in Wales.	David FitzGerald	8 May 1176
date of death	Liang Xing (died 212) was a general from Liang Province (涼州; covering present-day Gansu) during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history.	Liang Xing	212
date of death	Sir Clipsby Crewe (1599 - June 1648) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1624 to 1626.	Clipsby Crew	June 1648
date of death	Camilo Cienfuegos Gorriarán (Spanish: (kaˈmilo sjemˈfweɣoz ɣorjaˈɾan); 6 February 1932 -- 28 October 1959) was a Cuban revolutionary born in Havana.	Camilo Cienfuegos	28 October 1959
date of death	Alexander Gault MacGowan (7 February 1894 -- 30 November 1970) was a leading war correspondent during World War II. Born to Scottish parents in Manchester, England, he was educated at Manchester Grammar School.	Alexander Gault MacGowan	30 November 1970
date of death	Gao Bing (高棅, 1350 to 1423) flourished during the newly established Ming Dynasty (1368--1644) as an author and poetry theorist.	Gao Bing	1423
date of death	Johannes Aanderaa (6 November 1927 -- 2 June 1991) was a Norwegian librarian, theatre critic, publisher and civil servant.	Johannes Aanderaa	1991
date of death	Sir William Derek Pattinson (31 March 1930 -- 10 October 2006) was Secretary-General of the General Synod of the Church of England from 1972 until 1990.	Derek Pattinson	10 October 2006
date of death	Joseph Whipple, III (3 July 1725 - 1761) was a merchant in the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, and a Deputy Governor of the colony.	Joseph Whipple, III	1761
date of death	Martin Mehkek (7 August 1936; Novačka -- 1 July 2014; Koprivnica) was a Croatian painter.	Martin Mehkek	1 July 2014
date of death	Wilson Earnshaw (20 September 1867 -- 24 November 1941) was an English first-class cricketer, who played six matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1893 and 1896.	Wilson Earnshaw	24 November 1941
date of death	Fabio Albarelli (26 June 1943 -- 4 October 1995) was an Italian competitive sailor.	Fabio Albarelli	4 October 1995
date of death	Georgios Panou (Greek: Γεώργιος Πάνου, 1770 -- 1 June 1863) was a Greek ship-owner, member of the Filiki Eteria, fighter and politician of the Greek War of Independence from Spetses.	Georgios Panou	1 June 1863
date of death	Edgar Viies (12 January 1931, Simititsa, Leningrad Oblast - 20 September 2006) was an Estonian sculptor.	Edgar Viies	20 September 2006
date of death	Anders Rambech (2 September 1767 -- 14 September 1836) was a Norwegian district stipendiary magistrate and politician.	Anders Rambech	14 September 1836
date of death	Giuseppe Bernardo Lecchi (b. Felizzano 20 August 1895-- d. Genoa 24 August 1967) was an Italian violin maker.	Giuseppe Bernardo Lecchi	24 August 1967
date of death	Muin Musavvir (Persian: معین مصور‎) (1638--1697) was an Iranian painter.	Muin Musavvir	1697
date of death	Paul Heider (21 June 1868 -- 25 January 1936) was the 60 Grand Master of the Teutonic Order from 1933 to 1936.	Paul Heider	25 January 1936
date of death	Rhoda Coffin, (1826--1909), was a Quaker reformer.	Rhoda Coffin	1909
date of death	Bernardo O'Connor y Ophaly, Spanish - Irish General, (Strasbourg, 1696--1780).	Bernardo O'Connor	1780
date of death	Alexander Minto Hughes (2 May 1945 -- 13 March 1998), better known as Judge Dread, was an English reggae and ska musician.	Judge Dread	13 March 1998
date of death	Arthur Storer (c. 1648 -- 1686) was America's first colonial astronomer.	Arthur Storer	1686
date of death	Andrew, Duke of Slavonia (Hungarian: András szlavóniai herceg; 1268 -- 1278) was the youngest son of King Stephen V of Hungary and his wife, Elizabeth the Cuman.	Andrew, Duke of Slavonia	1278
date of death	Raoul Hafner, (1905--1980) FEng, FRAes, was an Austrian-born British helicopter pioneer and engineer.	Raoul Hafner	1980
date of death	Mathias James O'Conway, aka Maitias O Conmhai (3 February 1766 -- 28 November 1842) was a linguist and lexicographer.	Mathias James O'Conway	28 November 1842
date of death	John Brislin (May 12, 1838- March 27, 1907) was an American inventor who invented moveable rolling tables used for rolling large steel beams.	John Brislin	1907
date of death	Edward Alexander Newell Arber (5 August 1870, London - 14 June 1918, Cambridge) was an English botanist and paleontologist.	Edward Alexander Newell Arber	14 June 1918
date of death	Sir John Beals Chandler (21 February 1887 -- 19 January 1962) was the Lord Mayor of Brisbane from 1940 to 1952, and the Member for the Legislative Assembly of Queensland district of Hamilton from 1943 to 1947.	John Beals Chandler	19 January 1962
date of death	Sir Adeyemo Alakija, KBE (25 May 1884 -- 1952) was a Nigerian lawyer, politician and businessman.	Adeyemo Alakija	1952
date of death	Terence Soall (22 March 1920-10 August 2006) was an English actor who appeared in numerous television productions over a 50-year period and in over 100 films.	Terence Soall	10 August 2006
date of death	Gideon Hausner (Hebrew: גדעון האוזנר‎, 26 September 1915 -- 15 November 1990) was an Israeli jurist and politician.	Gideon Hausner	15 November 1990
date of death	Annie Porter, married name Fantham (1880--8 May 1963) was an English zoologist and Honorary Parasitologist to the Zoological Society of London.	Annie Porter	1963
date of death	Karl Brandner (1898--1961) was born in Oak Park, Illinois and trained as an artist at the Art Institute of Chicago and the Chicago Fine Art Academy, Brander is best remembered as a regional artist who worked primarily in landscapes.	Karl Brandner	1961
date of death	Lynn Caine (1924--1987) was an American author and publishing agent at Little, Brown and Company from 1967 to 1976.	Lynn Caine	1987
date of death	Franjo Kluz (19 September 1913 -- 14 September 1944) was a Yugoslav pilot from Bosnia and a People's Hero of Yugoslavia.	Franjo Kluz	14 September 1944
date of death	Weng Tonghe (Chinese: 翁同龢; pinyin: Wēng Tónghé; Wade--Giles: Weng T'ung-ho; 1830--1904), courtesy name Shuping (叔平), was a Chinese Confucian scholar and imperial tutor who lived in the Qing dynasty.	Weng Tonghe	1904
date of death	Thomas Archer Hirst FRS (22 April 1830 -- 16 February 1892) was a 19th-century mathematician, specialising in geometry.	Thomas Archer Hirst	16 February 1892
date of death	Mark Fredriksen (18 November 1936 -- 25 August 2011) was a French extreme right figure and the founder, in 1966, of the neo-Nazi Fédération d'action nationaliste et européenne.	Mark Fredriksen	25 August 2011
date of death	Archduke Joseph Ferdinand of Austria (24 May 1872 -- 28 August 1942) was an Austro-Hungarian Archduke and the titular Grand Duke of Tuscany from 17 January 1908 to 2 May 1921, military commander, from 1916 Generaloberst, and early advocate of air power.	Archduke Joseph Ferdinand of Austria	28 August 1942
date of death	Roy Kellino (22 April 22, 1912 -- 18 November 1956) was an English film director, producer and cinematographer.	Roy Kellino	18 November 1956
date of death	Rolando Arcadio Masferrer Rojas (1918--1975), born in Holguín, July 12, 1918, in former Oriente Province, better known simply as Rolando Masferrer, was a Cuban guerrilla leader, lawyer, congressman, newspaper publisher, member of the Cuban Communist Party and political activist.	Rolando Masferrer	1975
date of death	Thomas Graham Howarth (15 February 1916 -- 8 April 2015) was an English entomologist of the National History Museum and Royal Army Medical Corps who spent three years as a Japanese prisoner during the Second World War, first at Changi and then at Jinsen in Korea.	Graham Howarth	8 April 2015
date of death	Tomás Ó Dubhghaill ((ˈt̪ˠʊmˠaːsˠoːˈd̪ˠʊwəlʲ), born Thomas (Tom) Doyle; 1917 -- 12 March 1962) was President of Sinn Féin from 1952 to 1954 and a Sinn Féin vice-president until his death.	Tomás Ó Dubhghaill	12 March 1962
date of death	Sir Gilbert Heathcote, 1st Baronet (2 January 1652 -- 25 January 1733), was a Governor of the Bank of England and Lord Mayor of London in the early 18th Century.	Sir Gilbert Heathcote, 1st Baronet	25 January 1733
date of death	Francis Samuel Williamson (18 January 1865 -- 6 February 1936) was an Australian poet who was published under the name Frank S. Williamson.	Frank S. Williamson	1936
date of death	Professor Harold J. Grimm (1901 -- 1983) was an academic, historian and writer and an expert on the Reformation.	Harold J. Grimm	1983
date of death	Gertrude Rhinelander Waldo (c. 1837 -- May 27, 1914) was an American heiress known for commissioning the Rhinelander Mansion located in Manhattan at 867 Madison Avenue on the south-east corner of 72nd Street, designed in the 1890s by Kimball & Thompson and completed in 1898.	Gertrude Rhinelander Waldo	1914
date of death	Frederick Foster Gough (bapt. 7 February 1825; died 1 June 1889) was a Protestant Christian missionary who served with the Church Missionary Society during the late Qing Dynasty in China.	Frederick Foster Gough	1 June 1889
date of death	Eugene B. Van Camp (March 31, 1838 - June, 1904) was an espionage agent for the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War, assisting his father Dr. Aaron A. Van Camp in his spying activities.	Eugene B. Van Camp	June, 1904
date of death	Peter Benoit (17 August 1834 -- 8 March 1901), was a Flemish composer of Belgian nationality.	Peter Benoit	8 March 1901
date of death	Admiral George Vandeput (Died 14 March 1800) was an English naval officer, the illegitimate son of Sir George Vandeput, 2nd Baronet (c.1717 -- 17 June 1784) and an unknown mother.	George Vandeput	14 March 1800
date of death	Eagle of Delight, also called Hayne Hudjihini in Chiwere (b. c. 1795 - d. 1822), was one of the five wives of Chief Shaumonekusse of the Otoe tribe in the first quarter of the 19th century.	Eagle of Delight	1822
date of death	Basilio Repilado (4 March 1944 in Havana -- 4 December 2012 in Havana) was a Cuban musician.	Basilio Repilado	4 December 2012
date of death	George Brodrick, 4th Viscount Midleton (1 November 1754 -- 12 August 1836) was a British nobleman.	George Brodrick, 4th Viscount Midleton	12 August 1836
date of death	Ymer Prizreni (1826−1887) was an Albanian political leader in the 19th century.	Ymer Prizreni	1887
date of death	Bchira Ben Mrad (بشيرة بن مراد ;1993--1913) was a Tunisian women's rights activist.	Bchira Ben Mrad	1993
date of death	Antonio Benítez Fernández (2 June 1951 -- 19 February 2014) was a Spanish footballer who played as a left back.	Antonio Benítez	19 February 2014
date of death	Henri Grasso (1864--1944) was the son of Willem Grasso, founder of Grasso's Royal Machine Factories Ltd. Henri was born to step in his father's shoes.	Henri Grasso	1944
date of death	Spencer Compton, 2nd Earl of Northampton (May 1601 -- 19 March 1643), styled Lord Compton from 1618 to 1630, was an English soldier and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1622.	Spencer Compton, 2nd Earl of Northampton	19 March 1643
date of death	Hans Krumminga (6 May 1920 − 28 November 1943) was killed on 6 November 1943, when straffed on take-off by 15 IAP Yakovlev Yak-1s led by Kpt Leontiy.	Hans Krumminga	28 November 1943
date of death	Noah Mann junior (1783 at Northchapel, Sussex -- 1825 in London) was an English professional cricketer.	Noah Mann junior	1825
date of death	Franciszek Fesser (born 16 August 1885 in Rogi, died 23 October 1956 in Piotrowice (Katowice), was a Polish miner, union activist, Upper Silesian politician, insurgent, and deputy of the Silesian Parliament from 1930-1939.	Franciszek Fesser	1956
date of death	Aurore von Haxthausen (Gustava Charlotta Märta Aurora: 1830 in Daretorp in Västergötland -- 7 February 1888 in Stockholm), known also by her artist pseudonym as Klara Kuhlman, was a Swedish author, composer, pianist and lady in waiting.	Aurore von Haxthausen	7 February 1888
date of death	Paul Scriptoris (c. 1460 -- October 21, 1505) was a German Franciscan mathematician, Scotist, and professor at the University of Tübingen.	Paul Scriptoris	1505
date of death	Diego Caballero (died 1560) was a Spanish merchant and minor Conquistador in the Caribbean area and in the islands off the coast of Venezuela.	Diego Caballero	1560
date of death	The Belgian born Émile Fernand-Dubois (1869--1952) was a sculptor and medallist.	Émile Fernand-Dubois	1952
date of death	Gao Kaidao (高開道) (died 624), at one point known as Li Kaidao (李開道), was an agrarian rebel leader who rose against Sui Dynasty rule at the end of Emperor Yang's reign.	Gao Kaidao	624
date of death	Geirmund the Noisy (died c. 978) was a Viking adventurer of the 10th century.	Geirmund the Noisy	978
date of death	Ernest Frederick, Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld (Saalfeld, 8 March 1724 -- Coburg, 8 September 1800), was a Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld.	Ernest Frederick, Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld	8 September 1800
date of death	Ahtahkakoop (Cree: Atāhkakohp, ``Starblanket'')(c. 1816--1896) was a Chief of the House Cree (Wāskahikaniwiyiniwak) division of the Plains Cree, who led his people through the difficult transition from hunter and warrior to farmer, and from traditional indigenous spiritualism to Christianity during the last third of the 19th century.	Ahtahkakoop	1896
date of death	Ruaidri Ó Cellaigh (died 1339) was King of Uí Maine and Chief of the Name.	Ruaidri Ó Cellaigh	1339
date of death	Frank Broeze (18 August 1945 -- 4 April 2001) was a Professor of History at the University of Western Australia.	Frank Broeze	4 April 2001
date of death	Mathilda Grabow (23 May 1852 -- 29 May 1940), was a Swedish opera singer (soprano).	Mathilda Grabow	29 May 1940
date of death	Archie Skym (12 July 1906 -- 15 June 1970) was an international rugby union player for Wales and played club rugby for Llanelli and Cardiff.	Archie Skym	15 June 1970
date of death	Sebastian Aguilera de Heredia (August 1561 -- 16 December 1627) was a Spanish monk, musician and composer.	Sebastian Aguilera de Heredia	16 December 1627
date of death	John Swinfen (19 March 1613 -- 12 April 1694) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1645 and 1691.	John Swinfen	12 April 1694
date of death	Jon Finch (2 March 1942 -- 28 December 2012) was an English actor who performed in many Shakespearean plays on stage, and made many films.	Jon Finch	28 December 2012
date of death	Edward Renz (October 14, 1891 -- March 1976) was an American racewalker.	Edward Renz	March 1976
date of death	James Clemens (fl. 1750-1775) was a Liverpool, England merchant and shipowner, and Lord Mayor of Liverpool.	James Clemens	1775
date of death	Pieter Groenhart (February 21, 1894 -- November 3, 1965) was a Dutch lichenologist known for his research into tropical Asian lichens.	Pieter Groenhart	1965
date of death	Jules White (born Julius Weiss) (17 September 1900 -- 30 April 1985) was a Hungarian-born American film director and producer best known for his short-subject comedies starring The Three Stooges.	Jules White	30 April 1985
date of death	Helmut Niedermeyer (28 February 1926 -- 3 February 2014) was an Austrian businessman and entrepreneur.	Helmut Niedermeyer	3 February 2014
date of death	Robert Archibald Armstrong, LL.D. (1788--1867), was a Gaelic lexicographer.	Robert Archibald Armstrong	1867
date of death	Walter Hough, Ph.D. (1859--1935) was an American ethnologist.	Walter Hough	1935
date of death	Ram Gopal Vijayvargiya (1905 -- 2003) was an Indian painter.	Ram Gopal Vijayvargiya	2003
date of death	Herbert George Flaxman Spurrell (20 June 1877 -- 8 November 1918), the biologist, physician and author, was the only son of the architect Herbert Spurrell and Harriet Rebecca Blaxland.	Herbert George Flaxman Spurrell	8 November 1918
date of death	Burton Edward Livingston (1875 -- 1948) was an American plant physiologist, born at Grand Rapids, Michigan.	Burton Edward Livingston	1948
date of death	József Kürschák (14 March 1864 -- 26 March 1933) was a Hungarian mathematician noted for his work on trigonometry and for his creation of the theory of valuations.	József Kürschák	26 March 1933
date of death	Stephen III Báthory (Hungarian: Báthory István) (died 11 November 1444, Varna) was a Hungarian nobleman and commander.	Stephen III Báthory	11 November 1444
date of death	Edward C. Boyle (died 1981) was the Allegheny County District Attorney in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from January 3, 1956 until January 6, 1964.	Edward C. Boyle	1981
date of death	Francis Edwardes (died 15 December 1725) was a British Member of Parliament.	Francis Edwardes	15 December 1725
date of death	Kusaka Genzui (久坂 玄瑞, 1840 -- 20 August 1864) was a samurai of the Japanese domain of Chōshū who was active during the Bakumatsu period and a key proponent of the sonnō jōi movement.	Kusaka Genzui	20 August 1864
date of death	Antonio Siddi (16 June 1923 -- 21 January 1983) was an Italian athlete, who mainly competed in the 100 metres.	Antonio Siddi	21 January 1983
date of death	Khetcho (Armenian: Խէչո; 1872 -- July 1915) was a renowned Armenian activist and combatant.	Khetcho	July 1915
date of death	The Moroccan Younis Mohammad Ibrahim al-Hayyari (1969--2005) was #1 on Saudi Arabia's list of 36 ``most wanted terrorist suspects'' published on 28 June 2005.	Younis Mohammad Ibrahim al-Hayyari	2005
date of death	Henri Christophe (French pronunciation: ​(ɑ̃ʁi kʁistɔf); 6 October 1767 -- 8 October 1820; used the anglicized version of Henry Christopher) was a former slave of Bambara ethnicity, and key leader in the Haitian Revolution, which succeeded in gaining independence from France in 1804.	Henri Christophe	8 October 1820
date of death	Ellis Stones (Ellis Andrew Stones, October 1, 1895 -- April 9, 1975), was a constructor of private and public gardens--many displaying naturalistic rockwork--and a conservationist whose work and ideas profoundly influenced approaches to public landscaping in Australia.	Ellis Stones	1975
date of death	Paul Curry (1917--1986) was the vice-president of the Blue Cross Insurance Company of New York, and a famous amateur magician who became well known in the magic community for inventing highly-original card magic.	Paul Curry	1986
date of death	Maria Flechtenmacher (born Maria Mavrodin; 1838--1888) was a Romanian writer, publicist and pedagogue, married to composer Alexandru Flechtenmacher.	Maria Flechtenmacher	1888
date of death	Flavia Maxima Constantia (361/362 -- 383) was the first Empress consort of Gratian of the Western Roman Empire.	Flavia Maxima Constantia	383
date of death	Mary Alment (9 April 1834 -- 11 April 1908) was a Northern Irish landscape and portrait artist.	Mary Alment	11 April 1908
date of death	Hannes Schmidhauser (9 September 1926 -- 29 January 2000) was a Swiss actor and footballer.	Hannes Schmidhauser	29 January 2000
date of death	Wilhelm Schneemelcher (Berlin 21 August 1914 -- 6 August 2003 in Bad Honnef) was a German Protestant theologian and expert on the New Testament Apocrypha.	Wilhelm Schneemelcher	6 August 2003
date of death	Govinda IV (930--935 CE) was the younger brother of Amoghavarsha II. He became the Rashtrakuta emperor in 930 as described in the Kalasa record of Chikmagalur.	Govinda IV	935
date of death	Emilio Polli (1901--1983) was an Italian swimmer.	Emilio Polli	1983
date of death	Louis the Stammerer (French: Louis le Bègue) (1 November 846 -- 10 April 879) was the King of Aquitaine and later King of West Francia.	Louis the Stammerer	10 April 879
date of death	Zbigniew Firlej (c. 1613--1649), of Lewart coat of arms, was a noble of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	Zbigniew Firlej	1649
date of death	Dennis deLeon (16 July 1948 -- 14 December 2009) was an American human rights lawyer, HIV/AIDS activist and Latino community leader.	Dennis deLeon	14 December 2009
date of death	King Daemusin of Goguryeo (4-44, r. 18-44) was the third ruler of Goguryeo, the northernmost of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Daemusin of Goguryeo	44
date of death	William Archer Porter (c. 1825 - d. 16 July 1890) was a British lawyer and educationist who served as the Principal of Government Arts College, Kumbakonam and tutor and secretary to the Maharaja of Mysore.	William Archer Porter	16 July 1890
date of death	Sir George Webbe Dasent (1817--1896) was a translator of folk tales and contributor to The Times.	George Webbe Dasent	1896
date of death	Basil Hall Chamberlain (18 October 1850 -- 15 February 1935) was a professor of Japanese at Tokyo Imperial University and one of the foremost British Japanologists active in Japan during the late 19th century.	Basil Hall Chamberlain	15 February 1935
date of death	Domhnall Caomhánach (Domhnall mac Murchada or Domhnall Caomhánach mac Murchada, anglicized as Donal Kavanagh) is the ancestor of the Caomhánach line of the Uí Ceinnselaig dynasty and was King of Leinster from 1171 to 1175.	Domhnall Caomhánach	1175
date of death	Małgorzata Szewczyk (1828--1905), a Polish nun, founded the Congregation of the Daughters of the Sorrowful Mother of God --	Małgorzata Szewczyk	1905
date of death	Bartolomé González de Villaverde (1512--1589) was an Spanish notary and conquistador.	Bartolomé González de Villaverde	1589
date of death	Jan van Hulst (18 December 1903 -- 1 August 1975, Amersfoort) was an engineer who was active in the Dutch resistance during the Second World War.	Jan van Hulst	1 August 1975
date of death	Louise af Forselles (1850-1934), was a Finnish philanthropist.	Louise af Forselles	1934
date of death	René Labusquiere (26 September 1919 -- 22 September 1977) was a French doctor who pioneered and led the implementation of preventive medicine to combat tropical diseases in Central and West Africa.	René Labusquiere	22 September 1977
date of death	Jonathan Samuel (28 February 1853 -- 22 February 1917) was a British manufacturer and Liberal Party politician.	Jonathan Samuel	22 February 1917
date of death	Diego López I de Haro (died 1124×6) was the third Lord of Biscay, and also the ruler of Álava, Buradón, Grañón, Nájera, Haro, and perhaps Guipúzcoa: the most powerful Castilian magnate in the Basque Country and the Rioja during the first quarter of the twelfth century.	Diego López I de Haro	1124
date of death	Vincent Nolan (baptised Matthew J.V. Nolan), Garda Síochána and recipient of the Scott Medal, 27 August 1936 -- 25 January 1980.	Vincent Nolan	25 January 1980
date of death	Colonel Douglas Clifton Brown, 1st Viscount Ruffside PC, DL, JP (16 August 1879 -- 5 May 1958) was a British politician.	Douglas Clifton Brown, 1st Viscount Ruffside	5 May 1958
date of death	Candace Wheeler (1827--1923), often credited as the ``mother'' of interior design, was one of America's first woman interior and textile designers.	Candace Wheeler	1923
date of death	Henry Bynneman's career as a printer lasted from 1566, when he became free of the Stationers' Company, until 1583.	Henry Bynneman	1583
date of death	Wally Fielding (26 November 1919 -- 18 January 2008) was a professional footballer from 1945 until 1960.	Wally Fielding	18 January 2008
date of death	Ibn al-Arif (nickname) or Abul Abbas Ahmad Ibn Mohammed Ibn Musa Ibn Ata Allah al-Mariyyi al-Sanhaji, also known as Al-Urruf (born July 23, 1088 in Almeria and died 1141 in Ceuta) was a famous Andalusian Sufi.	Ibn al-Arif	1141
date of death	Fergus mac Colmáin (died 618) was a King of Uisnech in Mide, Ireland, of the Clann Cholmáin.	Fergus mac Colmáin	618
date of death	Jane Scott, Duchess of Buccleuch and Queensberry, née McNeill (19 December 1929 -- 18 April 2011), was a fashion model for Norman Hartnell before marrying John Scott, Earl of Dalkeith, the future 9th Duke of Buccleuch and 11th Duke of Queensberry.	Jane Scott, Duchess of Buccleuch	18 April 2011
date of death	Anatoly Kaigorodov (1878-1945) was a Russian painter,.	Anatoly Kaigorodov	1945
date of death	James Edward Davis (1817 - 1887) was called to the bar at the Middle Temple in 1842, was stipendiary magistrate at Stoke upon Trent from 1864 to 1870, was police magistrate at Sheffield from 1870 to 1874, was a friend of Leigh Hunt, and was the author of the following works:	James Edward Davis	1887
date of death	Alioune Dramé (born c. 1921 -- died 1 March 1977) was a Guinean economist and politician.	Alioune Dramé	1 March 1977
date of death	Mark Guy Pearse (1842 -- 1 January 1930) was a Cornish Methodist preacher, lecturer and author who, during the last quarter of the 19th century and the first of the 20th, was a household name throughout Britain and beyond.	Mark Guy Pearse	1 January 1930
date of death	Nathaniel Hooke (died 1763) was an English historian.	Nathaniel Hooke	1763
date of death	Baburao Paranjpe (बाबूराव परांजपे, 1922--1999) was an Indian politician.	Baburao Paranjpe	1999
date of death	Teresa Maxwell-Conover (September 26, 1884 -- September 1968) was an actress in Broadway productions in the early 20th century.	Teresa Maxwell-Conover	September 1968
date of death	Aleksander Branicki (1821-1877) was a member of the Polish aristocratic family:	Aleksander Branicki	1877
date of death	Pope Innocent XII (Latin: Innocentius XII; 13 March 1615 -- 27 September 1700), born Antonio Pignatelli, was Pope from 12 July 1691 to his death in 1700.	Pope Innocent XII	27 September 1700
date of death	José de los Reyes Berreyesa, also spelled Berrelleza (6 January 1785−28 June 1846), was born at Mission Santa Clara de Asís in Las Californias province of the Spanish Viceroyalty of New Spain (colonial México).	José de los Reyes Berreyesa	28 June 1846
date of death	'Abd Allah ibn 'Amr ibn al-'As (died 684 CE/65 AH, the son of 'Amr ibn al-'As) was a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.	'Abd Allah ibn 'Amr ibn al-'As	684
date of death	John Barrard (1924 -- 13 October 2013) was a British character actor who had a career spanning five decades and who perhaps is best known for playing Dooley, Santa's #2, in Santa Claus:	John Barrard	13 October 2013
date of death	Hubert Dickson (14 July 1895 -- 1965), generally known as Hugh or Hughie Dickson, was an English footballer who scored 37 goals from 402 appearances in the Football League playing for Darlington.	Hughie Dickson	1965
date of death	Hu Zhengyan (Chinese: 胡正言; c. 1584 -- 1674) was a Chinese artist, printmaker and publisher.	Hu Zhengyan	1674
date of death	Erhart Aten (1932--2004) was a Micronesian politician who served as the first elected Governor of Chuuk State (then called Truk).	Erhart Aten	2004
date of death	Gerald FitzGerald, 5th Duke of Leinster (16 August 1851 -- 1 December 1893) was an Irish peer.	Gerald FitzGerald, 5th Duke of Leinster	1 December 1893
date of death	Alexander Gilchrist (1828 -- 30 November 1861) was the biographer of William Blake.	Alexander Gilchrist	30 November 1861
date of death	Rear Admiral William Furlong Wise, CB (21 August 1784 -- 29 April 1844) was a British naval officer.	William Furlong Wise	29 April 1844
date of death	Ian McNaught-Davis (30 August 1929 -- 10 February 2014) was a British television presenter mainly known for presenting the BBC TV series The Computer Programme, Making the Most of the Micro and Micro Live in the 1980s.	Ian McNaught-Davis	10 February 2014
date of death	Cheung Po Tsai (simplified Chinese: 张保仔; traditional Chinese: 張保仔; pinyin: Zhāng Bǎozǎi; Wade--Giles: Chang Pao Tsai; 1783 -- 1822) was a 19th-century Chinese pirate.	Cheung Po Tsai	1822
date of death	Karl Wilhelm von Kupffer (14 November 1829 -- 16 December 1902) was a Baltic German anatomist who discovered stellate macrophage cells that bear his name.	Karl Wilhelm von Kupffer	16 December 1902
date of death	Fortunatus Wright (3 May 1712 -- 16 April 1757) was an English privateer.	Fortunatus Wright	16 April 1757
date of death	Henri Verbrugghen (1 August 1873 -- 12 November 1934) was a Belgian musician, who directed orchestras in England, Scotland, Australia and the United States.	Henri Verbrugghen	12 November 1934
date of death	André Aliker (Roches-Carrées, Lamentin, 10 February 1894 - 10, 11 or 12 January 1934) was a militant Martiniquais communist journalist who was abducted and murdered.	André Aliker	1934
date of death	Alexander Lorne Campbell (1871--1944) was a Scottish architect, who practised across Scotland.	Alexander Lorne Campbell	1944
date of death	Sextus Julius Africanus (c. 160 -- c. 240) was a Christian traveller and historian of the late 2nd and early 3rd century AD.	Sextus Julius Africanus	240
date of death	Peter Pratt (21 March 1923 -- 11 January 1995) was an English actor and singer who is best remembered for his comic roles in the Gilbert and Sullivan comic operas.	Peter Pratt	11 January 1995
date of death	Francesco Agello (27 December 1902 -- 24 November 1942) was an Italian test pilot.	Francesco Agello	24 November 1942
date of death	Nils Kjær (11 September 1870 -- 9 February 1924) was a Norwegian playwright, short story writer, essayist, literary critic and theatre critic.	Nils Kjær	9 February 1924
date of death	Denis McLoughlin (15 April 1918 -- 22 April 2002) was a well-known British illustrator.	Denis McLoughlin	2002
date of death	Henry Edward Watts (1826--1904) was a British journalist and author on Spanish topics.	Henry Edward Watts	1904
date of death	Francis Holcroft (1629?--1693) was an English ejected minister.	Francis Holcroft	1693
date of death	Clark Eldridge (1896--1990) was one of the engineers who designed the first Tacoma Narrows Bridge.	Clark Eldridge	1990
date of death	Honor Frost (28 October 1917 -- 12 September 2010) was a pioneer in the field of underwater archaeology, who led many mediterranean archaeological investigations, especially in the Lebanon, and was noted for her typology of stone anchors and skills in archaeological illustration.	Honor Frost	12 September 2010
date of death	Professor Li Huatian (1922--2007) was one of the first few computer scientists in China and was well known for his early contributions to the areas of computer science and computer networks.	Li Huatian	2007
date of death	On 31 October 2006 Mother Irini died.	Mother Irini	31 October 2006
date of death	Leo Fall (2 February 1873 -- 16 September 1925) was an Austrian composer of operettas.	Leo Fall	16 September 1925
date of death	Cathal Cú-cen-máthair mac Cathaíl (died 665), often known as Cú-cen-máthair, was an Irish King of Munster from around 661 until his death.	Cathal Cú-cen-máthair	665
date of death	Samuel Gale (1682--1754) was an English antiquary, a founder of the Society of Antiquaries of London.	Samuel Gale	1754
date of death	Domenico Salvatori (27 September 1855 - 11 December 1909) along with Alessandro Moreschi, Domenico Mustafà and Giovanni Cesari, was one of the famous castrati singers of the late 19th century.	Domenico Salvatori	11 December 1909
date of death	Nathaniel Foy, D.D. (died 1707), was an Irish religious figure.	Nathaniel Foy	1707
date of death	Walter Stevens (1877-1939?) was a freelance enforcer and ``hitman,'' popularly known as, ``dean of the Chicago gunmen,'' during Prohibition.	Walter Stevens	1939
date of death	Adrien Ries (14 July 1933 -- 10 October 1991) was a Luxembourgian economist.	Adrien Ries	10 October 1991
date of death	Norman Hackforth (20 December 1908 -- 14 December 1996) was a British musician and radio broadcaster, who worked as accompanist to Noël Coward and gained fame as the ``mystery voice'' on the BBC's Twenty Questions radio programme.	Norman Hackforth	14 December 1996
date of death	Alfred Cheetham (6 May 1867 -- 22 August 1918) was a member of several Antarctic expeditions.	Alfred Cheetham	22 August 1918
date of death	Maurice Bevan (10 March 1921--20 June 2006) was a British bass-baritone and composer, who sang with The Deller Consort (founded by Alfred Deller on 1948), St Paul's Cathedral in London, and the BBC.	Maurice Bevan	20 June 2006
date of death	Peter van der Bosch (19 October 1686, Brussels--14 November 1736) was a Bollandist (Jesuit hagiographer).	Peter van der Bosch	14 November 1736
date of death	William Herbert Higginbottom JP (1868 - 6 December 1929) was an architect based in Nottingham.	William Herbert Higginbottom	6 December 1929
date of death	Frederick Glyn, 4th Baron Wolverton (24 September 1864 -- 3 October 1932), was a British banker and Conservative politician.	Frederick Glyn, 4th Baron Wolverton	3 October 1932
date of death	Simon I, Count of Tecklenburg (c. 1140 -- 8 August 1202) was Count of Tecklenburg from 1156 until his death.	Simon I, Count of Tecklenburg	8 August 1202
date of death	Walter Traill Dennison (1825--1894) was a farmer and folklorist.	Walter Traill Dennison	1894
date of death	Blessed Luigi Novarese (29 July 1914 - 20 July 1984) was the co-founder (with Sister Elvira Myriam Psorulla) of the Apostolate of the Suffering and The Silent Workers of the Cross.	Luigi Novarese	1984
date of death	Kenji Takaki (10 March 1894 -- May 1984) was a merchant seaman and actor in both the theatre and cinema.	Kenji Takaki	May 1984
date of death	St. Eleutherius of Nicomedia (died 303) was a soldier who was martyred under Diocletian.	Eleutherius of Nicomedia	303
date of death	Gerald O'Halloran (13 May 1902 -- 6 January 1950) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Gerald O'Halloran	6 January 1950
date of death	Sarah Feigin (1 July 1928 - 24 April 2011) was a Latvian music educator and composer who lived and worked in Israel.	Sarah Feigin	24 April 2011
date of death	Hasse Ekman (10 September 1915 -- 15 February 2004) was a Swedish director, actor, writer and producer for film, stage and television.	Hasse Ekman	15 February 2004
date of death	Rai Purdy (born Horatio John Purdy in November 1910 - May 1990) was a Canadian television director and producer.	Rai Purdy	May 1990
date of death	Krzysztof Korwin Gosiewski de armis Ślepowron (died 1643) --	Krzysztof Korwin Gosiewski	1643
date of death	Shaye Cogan (20 September 1923 -- 12 June 2009) was an American singer and film actress who appeared in several popular movies in the early 1950s.	Shaye Cogan	12 June 2009
date of death	Pratap Singh Nabha (21 September 1919-22 July 1995) was the last ruling Maharaja of Nabha.	Pratap Singh Nabha	1995
date of death	Michael Cusack (/ˈkjuːzæk/; Irish: Mícheál Ó Cíosóg; 20 September 1847 -- 27 November 1906) was an Irish teacher and founder of the Gaelic Athletic Association.	Michael Cusack	27 November 1906
date of death	Hammad ibn Buluggin (died 1028) was the first ruler of the Hammadids in what is now Algeria (1014--1028).	Hammad ibn Buluggin	1028
date of death	Richard Sault (died 1702) was an English mathematician, editor and translator, one of The Athenian Society.	Richard Sault	1702
date of death	Solomon Etting (28 July 1764 -- 6 August 1847) was a merchant, and politician of Jewish faith in Baltimore, Maryland.	Solomon Etting	6 August 1847
date of death	Winchell Smith (5 April 1871 -- 10 June 1933) was an American playwright, known for smash hits such as Brewster's Millions (1906) and Lightnin' (1918).	Winchell Smith	10 June 1933
date of death	C. H. Sibghatullah (4 November 1913-14 May 1985) was an Indian politician who served as mayor of Madras from 1951 to 1952.	C. H. Sibghatullah	14 May 1985
date of death	Flora Mure-Campbell, Marchioness of Hastings and 6th Countess of Loudoun (1780 -- 8 January 1840) was a British peer, second daughter of James Mure-Campbell, 5th Earl of Loudoun and Lady Flora Macleod.	Flora Mure-Campbell, Marchioness of Hastings	8 January 1840
date of death	James Duport (1606, Cambridge -- 17 July 1679, Peterborough) was an English classical scholar.	James Duport	17 July 1679
date of death	Stanley Berkeley (1855--1909) was an English painter of animal, sporting and historical subjects, especially military scenes.	Stanley Berkeley	1909
date of death	Wu Liuqi (1607--1665), courtesy names Jianbo (鑒伯) and Geru (葛如), was a general of the Qing dynasty.	Wu Liuqi	1665
date of death	Dewan Farid Gazi (1924 -- 19 November 2010) was a Bangladeshi politician born in Devpara, Nabiganj Upazila, Sylhet.	Dewan Farid Gazi	19 November 2010
date of death	Heulhae of Silla (r. 310--356, died 356), titled Heulhae Isageum, was the sixteenth ruler of the Korean kingdom of Silla.	Heulhae of Silla	356
date of death	Frederick Thomas Bidlake (June 1867 -- 17 September 1933) was an English racing cyclist of the late 19th century who became one of the most notable administrators of British road bicycle racing during the early 20th century.	Frederick Thomas Bidlake	17 September 1933
date of death	Risdon Archibald Beazley (1904--1979) was the founder of Risdon Beazley Ltd, a Marine salvage company that operated from 1926 to 1981 in Southampton, England.	Risdon Beazley	1979
date of death	John Lowin (baptized 9 December 1576 -- buried 16--18 March 1659) was an English actor.	John Lowin	18 March 1659
date of death	Christian Albert Theodor Billroth (26 April 1829 -- 6 February 1894) was a Prussian-born Austrian surgeon and amateur musician.	Theodor Billroth	6 February 1894
date of death	Jóhannes Geir Jónsson (born 24. June 1927, d. 29. June 2003) was an Icelandic painter.	Jóhannes Geir Jónsson	2003
date of death	Allart Pieter van Jongestall, also spelled Allard Pieter van Jongestal (12 August 1612 in Stavoren -- 9 November 1676 in Hallum) was a Dutch jurist and diplomat.	Allart Pieter van Jongestall	9 November 1676
date of death	Richard Green Moulton was a professor, author & lawyer born in England, 1849 and died in America on 15 August 1924.	Richard Green Moulton	15 August 1924
date of death	Lawrence Kemys or Keymis (died 1618) was a seaman and companion of Sir Walter Raleigh in his expeditions to Guiana in 1595 and 1617-18.	Lawrence Kemys	1618
date of death	Julian Nelson Frank (1906--1974) was a journalist, anti-communist, a special agent with U.S. Naval Intelligence, an investigator for the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee, and a bookstore owner.	Nelson Frank	1974
date of death	Nick Origlass (13 January 1908 -- 17 May 1996) was an Australian Trotskyist who served as mayor of Leichhardt in Sydney, New South Wales.	Nick Origlass	17 May 1996
date of death	Nikiforos Vrettakos (Greek: Νικηφόρος Βρεττάκος; 1 January 1912 -- 4 August 1991) was a Greek writer and poet.	Nikiforos Vrettakos	4 August 1991
date of death	Egil Helle (28 April 1923 -- 2006) was a Norwegian newspaper editor, information worker and biographer.	Egil Helle	2006
date of death	Tine Debeljak (27 April 1903 -- 20 January 1989) was a Slovenian literary critic, translator, editor, and poet.	Tine Debeljak	20 January 1989
date of death	Wang Chengzong (王承宗) (died 820) was a general of the Chinese Tang Dynasty who served a military governor (Jiedushi) of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei).	Wang Chengzong	820
date of death	Alene Lee (1931--1991) was an African-American member of the Beat generation in New York City whose romantic relationship with Jack Kerouac was the central theme in his novel The Subterraneans.	Alene Lee	1991
date of death	Judit Rumy de Rum et Rábadoroszló (11 January 1606 -- 1663) was a Hungarian noblewoman, wife of Dániel Esterházy, the founder of the Csesznek branch of the House of Esterházy.	Judit Rumy	1663
date of death	Laimbu (Manchu: ; Möllendorff: Laimbu; Abkai: Laimbu; 26 January 1612 - 23 June 1646) was a Manchu noble of the early Qing Dynasty.	Laimbu	23 June 1646
date of death	Humphrey Cavell (by 1525--1558), was an English politician.	Humphrey Cavell	1558
date of death	Dr George Darby Haviland (1857--1901) was a British surgeon and naturalist.	George Darby Haviland	1901
date of death	Giuseppe Sigismondo Ala Ponzone (21 March 1761 - 2 May 1842) was an Italian collector and entomologist.	Giuseppe Sigismondo Ala Ponzone	2 May 1842
date of death	Indubala Sukhadia(1 July 1921 -- 9 May 1999), wife of late Mohanlal Sukhadia, was a social and political leader of Rajasthan.	Indubala Sukhadia	9 May 1999
date of death	John Argentine (died 1507) was an English physician who attended Edward V of England and later Arthur, Prince of Wales, and was Provost of King's College, Cambridge.	John Argentine	1507
date of death	Sir Geoffrey Summers, 1st Baronet CBE, DL, JP, CStJ (2 September 1891 -- 17 January 1972), was a British businessman.	Geoffrey Summers	17 January 1972
date of death	Saintin de Meaux (or Saint Santin also known as Saint Sanctin, fr. Saint-Santin de Meaux, lat. Sanctinus, c. 270 - 356, Meaux) was a French bishop and missionary.	Saintin de Meaux	356
date of death	Uqba ibn Abu Mu'ayt (Arabic: عقبة بن أبو معيط‎) (died 624) was one of the principal adversaries of Islam.	Uqba ibn Abu Mu'ayt	624
date of death	Thomas Fane, 8th Earl of Westmorland (March 1701 -- 25 November 1771), MP for Lyme Regis and a lord commissioner of trade.	Thomas Fane, 8th Earl of Westmorland	25 November 1771
date of death	Allen Edward Everitt (1824 -- 11 June 1882) was an English architectural artist and illustrator.	Allen Edward Everitt	11 June 1882
date of death	Deacon Chiu Te-ken, JP (Chinese: 邱德根; 1 May 1924 -- 17 March 2015) was a Hong Kong entrepreneur.	Deacon Chiu	17 March 2015
date of death	Pagolo Arsago (died 1563) was a member of the Goldsmith's Guild.	Pagolo Arsago	1563
date of death	Donald Macaulay, Baron Macaulay of Bragar, QC (14 November 1933 -- 12 June 2014) was a British Labour politician and member of the House of Lords.	Donald Macaulay, Baron Macaulay of Bragar	12 June 2014
date of death	Dimitar Kondovski (Macedonian: Димитар Кондовски) (1927 - 1993) was a Macedonian painter, critic and professor.	Dimitar Kondovski	1993
date of death	William Samuel Jones (May 28, 1920 -- November 15, 2007) was a Welsh language author, playwright and scriptwriter better known as W. S. Jones or Wil Sam.	W. S. Jones	2007
date of death	Thoralf Strømstad (13 January 1897 -- 10 January 1984) was a Norwegian Nordic skier who was awarded the Holmenkollen medal in 1923.	Thoralf Strømstad	10 January 1984
date of death	Joseph McKenzie (19 March 1929 -- 5 July 2015) was a Scottish photographer known as the ``father of modern Scottish photography''.	Joseph McKenzie	5 July 2015
date of death	Robert Caswell (13 July 1946 - 29 October 2006) was an Australian screenwriter of films and television.	Robert Caswell	29 October 2006
date of death	Sándor Bejczy (1920--2004) was a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from FKGP National List between 1990 and 1994.	Sándor Bejczy	2004
date of death	Amadeus Aba or Amade Aba (Hungarian: Aba Amadé; ? -- 5 September 1311) was a Hungarian oligarch in the Kingdom of Hungary who ruled de facto independently the northern and north-eastern counties of the kingdom (today parts of Hungary, Slovakia and Ukraine).	Amadeus Aba	5 September 1311
date of death	Rinaldo degli Albizzi (1370--1442) was an Italian nobleman, a member of the Florentine family of the Albizzi.	Rinaldo degli Albizzi	1442
date of death	Walter Franklyn Barrett (1873 -- 16 July 1964), better known as Franklyn Barrett, was an Australian film director and cinematographer.	Franklyn Barrett	1964
date of death	Sallustius Lucullus (d. c. 89) was a governor of Roman Britain during the late 1st century, holding office after Gnaeus Julius Agricola although it is unclear whether he directly inherited the post or if there was another unknown governor in between.	Sallustius Lucullus	89
date of death	Henry James Richter (1772--1857), artist and philosopher, was born in Middlesex, possibly at 40 Great Newport Street, Soho, on 8 March 1772 and baptised at St Anne's Church, Soho, on 5 April at that same year.	Henry James Richter	1857
date of death	Leonhard Schiemer (c. 1500 -- 14 January 1528) was an early pacifist Anabaptist writer and martyr whose work survives in the Ausbund.	Leonhard Schiemer	14 January 1528
date of death	Lieutenant Colonel William Gordon Perrin, OBE (1874--1931) was an R.A.F. and Navy officer, and the Admiralty librarian from 1908 to 1931.	William Gordon Perrin	1931
date of death	Gerhard I, Count of Holstein-Itzehoe (1232 -- 21 December 1290) was the only count of Holstein-Itzehoe.	Gerhard I, Count of Holstein-Itzehoe	21 December 1290
date of death	Niccolò Gualtieri (9 July 1688 -- 15 February 1744) was an Italian doctor and malacologist.	Niccolò Gualtieri	1744
date of death	Thomas Christian (1754--1828) was the translator of John Milton's Paradise Lost into Manx, an author of Manx carols, and vicar of Marown parish, Isle of Man.	Thomas Christian	1828
date of death	Vrindavana Dasa Thakura or Brindaban Das (1507-1589 CE) was the author of the Chaitanya Bhagavata, the first full-length biography of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu written in the Bengali language.	Vrindavana Dasa Thakura	1589
date of death	John Cennick (12 December 1718 -- 4 July 1755) was an early Methodist and Moravian evangelist and hymnwriter.	John Cennick	4 July 1755
date of death	Stańczyk (c. 1480--1560) (Polish pronunciation: (ˈstaɲt͡ʂɨk)) was the most famous court jester in Polish history.	Stańczyk	1560
date of death	George Lewis Becke (or Louis Becke; 18 June 1855 -- 18 February 1913) was an Australian Pacific trader, short-story writer and novelist.	George Lewis Becke	18 February 1913
date of death	Johann Samuel Drese (c. 1644 -- 1 December 1716) was a German composer and member of the musical Drese family.	Johann Samuel Drese	1716
date of death	Étienne Jacob (c. 1648 -- 1726) was a Canadian court officer, sergeant of the Sovereign Council of New France, seigneurial notary and a judge of the bailiff's court of Beaupré and Île d'Orléans.	Étienne Jacob	1726
date of death	William Alexander Young MB, CHB, DPH, DTM (5 November 1889 -- 28 May 1928) was a Scottish doctor and surgeon who specialised in tropical medicine.	William Alexander Young	28 May 1928
date of death	Marmaduke Stone (28 November 1748 -- 22 August 1834) was an English Jesuit, in a position of leadership when the Order was dissolved.	Marmaduke Stone	22 August 1834
date of death	David Pears (8 August 1921 -- 1 July 2009) was a British philosopher renowned for his work on Ludwig Wittgenstein.	David Pears	1 July 2009
date of death	Joseph Kenny Meadows, (November 1790--August 1874) better known as Kenny Meadows, was a British caricaturist and illustrator.	Kenny Meadows	August 1874
date of death	Razadarit (Burmese: ရာဇာဓိရာဇ် (jàza̰dəɹɪ̀ʔ); Thai: ราชาธิราช, rtgs: Rachathirat; Sanskrit: राजाधिराज Rājādhirāja ``King of Kings''; 1368--1421) was the ninth king of the Hanthawaddy Pegu Kingdom in Burma from 1384 to 1421.	Razadarit	1421
date of death	Ditmar Meidell (24 January 1826 -- 13 July 1900) is a Norwegian magazine and newspaper editor.	Ditmar Meidell	13 July 1900
date of death	Tony Kellow (1 May 1952 -- 20 February 2011) was an English professional footballer.	Tony Kellow	20 February 2011
date of death	Martin Copley (1940 -- 30 July 2014) was a British-born Australian conservationist and philanthropist who established the Australian Wildlife Conservancy (AWC), an organisation which purchases and manages large areas of land, mainly former pastoral properties, as nature reserves (called 'sanctuaries') for the conservation of biodiversity.	Martin Copley	30 July 2014
date of death	Evo Anton DeConcini (March 25, 1901 -- 1986) was Attorney General of Arizona, and a Justice of the Arizona Supreme Court from 1949 to 1953.	Evo Anton DeConcini	1986
date of death	Sidney Greenberg (September 27, 1917 -- March 31, 2003) was an American rabbi and author.	Sidney Greenberg	2003
date of death	Magdalo Mussio (1925--12 August 2006) was an Italian author, artist, animator and editor.	Magdalo Mussio	12 August 2006
date of death	Gilbert Ashton MC (27 September 1896 -- 6 February 1981) was an English cricketer who played 62 first-class matches between the wars, mostly for Cambridge University (whom he captained in 1921, and also captained at football) and Worcestershire.	Gilbert Ashton	6 February 1981
date of death	Maharaja Sir Rameshwar Singh Thakur Bahadur GCIE KCB (16 January 1860 -- 3 July 1929) was the Maharaja of Darbhanga from 1898 to his death.	Rameshwar Singh	3 July 1929
date of death	Justice William Alfred Wearing QC (12 November 1816 -- 24 February 1875) was a prominent jurist in the Colony of South Australia, who lost his life in the wreck of S.S. Gothenburg	William Alfred Wearing	24 February 1875
date of death	Saint Ampelus (died 302) is a martyr venerated by the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic churches.	Ampelus	302
date of death	John Byron, 1st Baron Byron (1599, Newstead, Nottinghamshire -- 23 August 1652) was an English Royalist and supporter of Charles I during the English Civil War.	John Byron, 1st Baron Byron	1652
date of death	Murray Nicoll (20 July 1943 -- 2 May 2010) was an Australian journalist and broadcaster whose career spanned more than 45 years.	Murray Nicoll	2 May 2010
date of death	Margrete Aamot Øverland (11 February 1913 - 1978) was a Norwegian resistance member during the Second World War, and later editor of the Riksmål newspaper Frisprog.	Margrete Aamot Øverland	1978
date of death	Lin Xu (1875 -- 28 September 1898), courtesy name Tungu (暾谷), was a Chinese politician, scholar, songwriter and poet who lived in the late Qing dynasty.	Lin Xu	1898
date of death	Luís do Rego Barreto, Viscount Geraz Lima, (28 October 1777, Viana do Castelo - 7 September 1840, Vila Real) better known as General Luis Rego, was a military and Portuguese colonial administrator who distinguished himself in the fight against the French invasion.	Luís do Rego Barreto	7 September 1840
date of death	Leonard MacClain (September 8, 1899, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- September 1967, Devault, Pennsylvania) was an American keyboardist and composer who was prominent as an organist in the Philadelphia area.	Leonard MacClain	September 1967
date of death	Giuseppa Iolanda Menichelli (10 January 1890 -- 29 August 1984), known as Pina Menichelli, was an Italian actress and silent film star.	Pina Menichelli	29 August 1984
date of death	Katharine Coman (23 November 1857 -- 11 January 1915) was an American social activist and economist.	Katharine Coman	11 January 1915
date of death	Arthur Bertram St Hill (1872 - 25 August 1911) was an early cricketer in the West Indies.	Arthur Bertram St Hill	25 August 1911
date of death	Fatima Soltan (died 1681) was the last khanbika (queen) of Qasim Khanate (1679--81).	Fatima Soltan	1681
date of death	Hong Chengchou (1593--1665), courtesy name Yanyan and art name Hengjiu, was a Chinese official who served under the Ming and Qing dynasties.	Hong Chengchou	1665
date of death	Sir Edward Anwyl (5 August 1866 -- 8 August 1914) was a Welsh academic, specializing in the Celtic languages.	Edward Anwyl	8 August 1914
date of death	Roger Scott (23 October 1943 -- 31 October 1989) was a British radio disc jockey.	Roger Scott	31 October 1989
date of death	Nguyễn Cửu Đàm (died 1777) was a Vietnamese general under the Nguyễn lords who built the citadel in Saigon in 1772 to protect the newly acquired southern territories against the Siamese army.	Nguyễn Cửu Đàm	1777
date of death	Hormizd IV (Middle Persian: 𐭠𐭥𐭧𐭥𐭬𐭦𐭣; New Persian: هرمز چهارم), was king of the Sasanian Empire from 579 to 590.	Hormizd IV	590
date of death	Frederik Alexander Adolf Gregory (Doesburg, 13 May 1814 - 's-Gravenhage, 16 July 1891) was a Dutch viceadmiraal.	Frederik Alexander Adolf Gregory	16 July 1891
date of death	David Lindo Alexander (5 October 1842 in the City of London -- 1922) was an English barrister and Jewish community leader.	David Lindo Alexander	1922
date of death	Louis Dominique Girard (1815- Paris, 1871) was a French hydraulic engineer.	Louis Dominique Girard	1871
date of death	Charles-Édouard Brown-Séquard FRS (8 April 1817 -- 2 April 1894), also known as Charles Edward, was a Mauritian physiologist and neurologist who, in 1850, became the first to describe what is now called Brown-Séquard syndrome.	Charles-Édouard Brown-Séquard	2 April 1894
date of death	John Skirrow Wright (1822 -- 15 April 1880) was one of the prominent pioneers and social improvers of the 19th century in Birmingham, England; and inventor of the Postal Order.	John Skirrow Wright	15 April 1880
date of death	The Rt Rev Thomas Dealtry (1795-1861) was an Anglican Bishop in the 19th century.	Thomas Dealtry	1861
date of death	Kenny Craddock (18 April 1950 - 30 May 2002) was an instrumentalist, composer and producer.	Kenny Craddock	30 May 2002
date of death	Joseph-A. Fowler (14 November 1845 -- 4 January 1917) was a Canadian composer, organist, choirmaster, pianist, and music educator.	Joseph-A. Fowler	4 January 1917
date of death	Isidore Isaac Hirschman, Jr. (1922-1990) was an American mathematician at Washington University in St. Louis working on analysis.	Isidore Isaac Hirschman, Jr.	1990
date of death	Maria Cristina of Naples and Sicily (Maria Cristina Amelia Teresa; 17 January 1779 -- 11 March 1849) was a Princess of Naples and Sicily and later Queen of Sardinia as wife of King Charles Felix.	Maria Cristina of Naples and Sicily	11 March 1849
date of death	Charles von Hügel (born Carl Alexander Anselm Baron von Hügel; 25 April 1795 -- 2 June 1870) was an Austrian noble, army officer, diplomat, botanist, and explorer, now primarily remembered for his travels in northern India during the 1830s.	Charles von Hügel	2 June 1870
date of death	Osbert Parsley (1511 -- 1585) was an English renaissance composer.	Osbert Parsley	1585
date of death	Henry White Warren (1831--1912) was an American Methodist Episcopal bishop and author, brother of William Fairfield Warren.	Henry White Warren	1912
date of death	Björn Hjörtur Guðmundsson (14 January 1911 -- 14 July 1998), also known as Bjössi, was an Icelandic craftsman, master carpenter, idealist and environmental pioneer.	Björn Hjörtur Guðmundsson	14 July 1998
date of death	Jane Chabria (1940--2004) was an education pioneer in Columbus, Ohio.	Jane Chabria	2004
date of death	Kakeda Toshimune (died 1548) was a Japanese samurai of the Sengoku period, who served the Date clan.	Kakeda Toshimune	1548
date of death	James Verne Dusenberry (7 April 1906 -- 16 December 1966) was well educated and a publicly acclaimed scholar.	James Verne Dusenberry	16 December 1966
date of death	Beate Hermelin, affectionately known as Ati, (7 August 1919 -- 14 January 2007) was a German-born Experimental Psychologist, who worked in the UK and was a pioneer in the experimental study of autism.	Beate Hermelin	14 January 2007
date of death	Adolf Streckeisen (1857-1916) was professor of medicine at Basel University, first forensic physician (Gerichtsarzt) of Basel (a post created in 1895) and president of the Basel Mission.	Adolf Streckeisen	1916
date of death	Ridgwell Cullum (pseudonym of Sidney Groves Burghard) (13 August 1867 -- 3 November 1943) was a British writer who wrote a large number of adventure novels over more than 30 years, usually set in sparsely populated regions of the USA or Canada.	Ridgwell Cullum	3 November 1943
date of death	John de Courcy (also John de Courci ) (1150--1219) was an Anglo-Norman knight who arrived in Ireland in 1176.	John de Courcy	1219
date of death	Datuk Seri Dr. Burhanuddin bin Muhammad Nur al-Hilmi, commonly known as Burhanuddin al-Helmy (1911--6 November 1969) was a Malaysian politician.	Burhanuddin al-Helmy	6 November 1969
date of death	Georgije Magarašević (Adaševci, 10 September 1793 -- Novi Sad, 6 January 1830), Serbian writer, historian, editor and publisher, dramatist, translator and collector of folk proverbs.	Georgije Magarašević	1830
date of death	Eric Lloyd Williams (1915--1988) was a South African-born journalist and war correspondent who covered World War II for the South African Press Association and Reuters.	Eric Lloyd Williams	1988
date of death	Henry Shalofsky, better known as Hank Shaw (23 June 1926 -- 26 October 2006) was an English bebop jazz trumpeter.	Hank Shaw	26 October 2006
date of death	Beatrix Havergal (1901-1980) was an English horticulturist.	Beatrix Havergal	1980
date of death	Prof John Kaye Charlesworth FRSE FRGS FGS CBE (1889-1972) was a British geologist and academic author.	John Kaye Charlesworth	1972
date of death	Joseph Baggaley (c. 1884 -- 19 October 1918) was a trade unionist, born in England, who came to Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada with his wife and four children in 1911.	Joseph Baggaley	19 October 1918
date of death	Robert Louden (died 1867) was a Confederate messenger and partisan in the American Civil War.	Robert Louden	1867
date of death	Johan Andreas Hallén (22 December 1846 -- 11 March 1925) was a Swedish Romantic composer, conductor and music teacher, primarily known for his operas, which were heavily influenced by Richard Wagner's music dramas.	Andreas Hallén	11 March 1925
date of death	Peter Bander van Duren (Cologne, 30 July 1930 -- 21 April 2004) was a British writer on heraldry and orders of knighthood.	Peter Bander van Duren	21 April 2004
date of death	Lauri Nissinen (31 July 1918 in Joensuu - 17 June 1944 in Kaukjärvi) was a World War II flying ace in the Finnish Air Force.	Lauri Nissinen	17 June 1944
date of death	Sir Ernest Gray (27 August 1856 -- 6 May 1932) was a British educational reformer and Conservative politician.	Ernest Gray	6 May 1932
date of death	Sir John Cordell, 3rd Baronet (baptized 11 November 1677-died 8 May 1704) was an English politician.	Sir John Cordell, 3rd Baronet	1704
date of death	Pedro de Atarés (c. 1083, Borja -- 21 February 1151) was a Spanish noble and member of the House of Aragón.	Pedro de Atarés	21 February 1151
date of death	Vincenzo Catena (c. 1470 -- 1531) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance Venetian school.	Vincenzo Catena	1531
date of death	Ladislav Kralj-Međimurec (Čakovec, 24 April 1891 -- 9 February 1976) was a Croatian painter and engraver.	Ladislav Kralj	9 February 1976
date of death	William Thomas Oldrieve (15 December 1853 -- 12 January 1922) was a British architect and scholar primarily associated with public buildings in his role as Architect for Scotland within the Office of Works.	William Thomas Oldrieve	12 January 1922
date of death	Cyril Harcourt (1872--1924) was a noted writer for the London and New York stages who appeared in his own plays.	Cyril Harcourt	1924
date of death	Alfons Spielhoff (July 3, 1912 -- December 9, 1987) was a German politician, serving as minister of cultural affairs for Dortmund in the 1970s.	Alfons Spielhoff	1987
date of death	Charles François Duhoux d'Hauterive (13 August 1736 -- May 1799) fought in the War of the Austrian Succession and Seven Years' War, rising in rank to become a lieutenant colonel of cavalry.	Charles François Duhoux	May 1799
date of death	Paul Hausser (7 October 1880 -- 21 December 1972) was an officer in the German Army, achieving the rank of lieutenant-general in the inter-war Reichswehr.	Paul Hausser	21 December 1972
date of death	Major General Sir Michael O'Moore Creagh KBE, MC (16 May 1892 -- 1970) was a British soldier who served in both the First and Second World Wars.	Michael O'Moore Creagh	1970
date of death	Galeazzo I Visconti (21 January 1277 -- 6 August 1328) was lord of Milan from 1322 to 1327.	Galeazzo I Visconti	6 August 1328
date of death	Giles Strangways (3 June 1615 -- 20 July 1675) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1640 and 1675.	Giles Strangways	20 July 1675
date of death	Wamsutta (c.1634--1662), also known as Alexander Pokanoket, as he was called by New England colonists, was the eldest son of Massasoit (meaning Great Leader) Ousa Mequin of the Pokanoket Tribe and Wampanoag nation.	Wamsutta	1662
date of death	Anna Sprengel (allegedly died in 1891), countess of Landsfeldt, love-child of Ludwig I of Bavaria and Lola Montez, is a person whose existence was never proven, and who it now seems was invented by William Wynn Westcott to confer legitimacy on the Golden Dawn.	Anna Sprengel	1891
date of death	Rev. Samuel Spring (1746--1819) was an early American Revolutionary War chaplain and Congregationalist minister.	Samuel Spring	1819
date of death	Vladimir Kren (8 December 1903 -- 2 December 1948) was a Croatian major general and commander of the Air Force of the Independent State of Croatia (ZNDH) during World War II. He was an officer in the Royal Yugoslav Air Force (VVKJ) before the war.	Vladimir Kren	2 December 1948
date of death	Peter de Leia, O.S.B. (died 16 July 1198), was Bishop of St David's from 1176 until his death.	Peter de Leia	16 July 1198
date of death	Robert D. Kohn (1870-1953) was an American architect most active in New York City.	Robert D. Kohn	1953
date of death	Juan Luis de Camarena (d. 1642) was a Spanish soldier and colonial administrator who was governor of the Province of Margarita from 18 February 1638 until 1642.	Juan Luis de Camarena	1642
date of death	Sir William Talbot, 1st Baronet (died 16 March 1633), was an Irish lawyer and politician.	Sir William Talbot, 1st Baronet	16 March 1633
date of death	Karl Rudolph Koenig (German: Rudolf Koenig; 26 November 1832 -- 2 October 1901), known by himself and others as Rudolph Koenig, was a German physicist, chiefly concerned with acoustic phenomena.	Rudolph Koenig	2 October 1901
date of death	General Sir Anthony Farrington, 1st Baronet (6 February 1742--3 November 1823) was a British Army officer of the Royal Artillery.	Anthony Farrington	3 November 1823
date of death	Evan Tom Davies (24 September 1904 -- 8 October 1973) was a Welsh mathematician and linguist.	Evan Tom Davies	8 October 1973
date of death	Imre Sulyok de Lekcse et Alsószopor (? -- 25 January 1578) was a Hungarian politician in the Principality of Transylvania, who served as Chancellor of Transylvania from 1576 until his death.	Imre Sulyok	25 January 1578
date of death	Frank Sayers (1763--1817) was an English poet and metaphysical writer.	Frank Sayers	1817
date of death	Matsunobori Shigeo (20 July 1924 - 21 April 1986) was a sumo wrestler from Matsudo Chiba, Japan.	Matsunobori Shigeo	21 April 1986
date of death	Konstantinos Zappas (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Ζάππας 1814--1892) was a Greek entrepreneur and national benefactor.	Konstantinos Zappas	1892
date of death	Liu Qiong (Chinese: 刘琼) (1913--2002) was a Chinese film director and actor.	Liu Qiong	2002
date of death	Filippo Bigioli (San Severino Marche, June 4, 1798 - 1878) was an Italian painter, active in a late neoclassical style	Filippo Bigioli	1878
date of death	Juan García de Salazar (12 February 1639 (baptized) -- 8 July 1710) was a Spanish baroque composer best remembered for his choral works in the stile antico, though a few Spanish works in a more modern style have also survived.	Juan García de Salazar	8 July 1710
date of death	Lew Bradford (24 December 1916 -- 1984) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre half.	Lew Bradford	1984
date of death	John Davies Gilbert (5 December 1811 -- 16 April 1854) was a land owner, born in Eastbourne the son of Davies Gilbert and Mary Ann Gilbert.	John Davies Gilbert	16 April 1854
date of death	Alfred Benjamin Butts (1890 -- 1962) was an American political scientist and university administrator.	Alfred Benjamin Butts	1962
date of death	Jacob Groenewegen (died 22 May 1609) was a Dutch merchant, who was the leading merchant (opperkoopman) on the fleet under Pieter Willemsz.	Jacob Groenewegen	22 May 1609
date of death	Sir Robert John Price (26 April 1854 -- 18 April 1926) was a British surgeon, barrister and Liberal Party politician.	Robert John Price	18 April 1926
date of death	Thomas John Newbold (8 February 1807 -- 29 May 1850) was an English soldier in the service of the East India Company, known as a traveller and orientalist.	Thomas John Newbold	1850
date of death	Charles Courant (14 April 1896 -- 26 June 1982) was a Swiss freestyle wrestler and Olympic medalist.	Charles Courant	26 June 1982
date of death	John Scott Porter (1801--1880) was an Irish biblical scholar and Unitarian minister.	John Scott Porter	1880
date of death	Benjamin Briscoe (May 1867--26 June 1945) was born in Detroit, Michigan, and was an automobile pioneer and industrialist.	Benjamin Briscoe	1945
date of death	Sejdo Bajramović (1927--1993) was a Yugoslav soldier and politician of the former Yugoslavia, who was the acting head of state of Yugoslavia for a brief time in 1991.	Sejdo Bajramović	1993
date of death	Jan Tesánek (Latin: Joannis Tessanek) (1728--1788) was a Bohemian scholar and author of scientific literature.	Jan Tesánek	1788
date of death	Mikhail Vasilyevich Bocharov (Russian: Михаил Васильевич Бочаров, 1872 -- 29 April 1936) was a Russian opera singer.	Mikhail Vasilyevich Bocharov	29 April 1936
date of death	Cornelius Bongey (or Bungey) (died 19 September 1555) was an English Protestant martyr who was burnt at Coventry in September 1555.	Cornelius Bongey	19 September 1555
date of death	Robert Thistlethwayte (baptized 16 December 1690 -- c. January, 1744) was a Warden of Wadham College, Oxford and clergyman in the Church of England.	Robert Thistlethwayte	1744
date of death	João Lourenço Rebelo died at Apelação (Loures) on 16 November 1661.	João Lourenço Rebelo	16 November 1661
date of death	Frances Tipton Hunter (1896--1957) was an illustrator who created covers for The Saturday Evening Post and many other magazines between the 1920s and 1950s.	Frances Tipton Hunter	1957
date of death	Abbad ibn Bishr (Arabic: عباد بن بشر‎) (c.606--632) was a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.	Abbad ibn Bishr	632
date of death	Jean-Paul Hétu (1932 -- 30 July 2012) was a Quebec trade unionist.	Jean-Paul Hétu	30 July 2012
date of death	Félicien Henry Caignart de Saulcy (1832-1912) was a French entomologist specialising in Coleoptera.	Félicien Henry Caignart de Saulcy	1912
date of death	Giovanni Fouchetti (1757-1789) published one of the earliest method books for the mandolin, c. 1771.	Giovanni Fouchetti	1789
date of death	Dasarathi Tah (1911--1980) was a politician and journalist in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Dasarathi Tah	1980
date of death	Kathleen Haddon (1888-1961) was an English zoologist, photographer, and scholar of string-figures.	Kathleen Haddon	1961
date of death	Joseph Kincaid MICE (1834-1907) was an engineer responsible for the construction of a significant number of tramways in Great Britain.	Joseph Kincaid	1907
date of death	Roger Montgomery (1925--2003) was an American architect, and Professor at Washington University in St. Louis.	Roger Montgomery	2003
date of death	Bienvenido Granda, born Rosendo Bienvenido Granda Aguilera (Havana,August 30, 1915 - Mexico City,July 9, 1983), was a Cuban vocalist/musician, singing boleros, son montunos, guarachas and other Cuban rhythms.	Bienvenido Granda	1983
date of death	Alan Pentland (3 October 1883 -- 15 December 1952) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alan Pentland	15 December 1952
date of death	Sir Thomas Gerard, 1st Baronet (1560 -- 16 February 1621) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1597 and 1621.	Sir Thomas Gerard, 1st Baronet	16 February 1621
date of death	Newman E. Drake (16 December 1860 -- 17 March 1930) was an American entrepreneur and philanthropist who founded Drake's, an American baking company now owned by McKee Foods	Newman E. Drake	17 March 1930
date of death	Lodowicke Muggleton (1609--1698) was an English plebeian religious thinker, who gave his name to Muggletonianism.	Lodowicke Muggleton	1698
date of death	Hunsur Krishnamurthy (9 February 1914 -- 13 February 1989) was an Indian playwright, film director, producer, actor, screenwriter and lyricist in Kannada cinema.	Hunsur Krishnamurthy	13 February 1989
date of death	Émile Zermani, (25 September 1911 -- 10 May 1983) was a French football player.	Émile Zermani	10 May 1983
date of death	Sir Richard Garth PC QC (11 May 1820 -- 23 March 1903) was Member of Parliament for Guildford from 1866 to 1868 and Chief Justice of Bengal from 1875 to 1886.	Richard Garth	23 March 1903
date of death	Francis Otto, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (1530--1559) was the Prince of Lüneburg from 1555 to 1559.	Francis Otto, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg	1559
date of death	Bernard Codd (d. 29 July 2013, aged 79) was an English professional motorcycle road racer.	Bernard Codd	29 July 2013
date of death	Gibson Nyandoro (born in 1954 or 1955, died in 2008) was a Zimbabwean war veteran and political dissident who died in military custody in Zimbabwe in May 2008.	Gibson Nyandoro	2008
date of death	Sri Prakasa (3 August 1890 -- 23 June 1971) was an Indian politician, freedom-fighter and administrator.	Sri Prakasa	23 June 1971
date of death	Victor Jacobi, Jakobi Viktor (22 October 1883 -- 10 December 1921) was a Hungarian operetta composer.	Victor Jacobi	10 December 1921
date of death	Sir Rubert William Boyce (22 April 1863 -- 16 June 1911) was an English pathologist and hygienist, known for his work on tropical medicine.	Rubert William Boyce	16 June 1911
date of death	William Alder Strange (1813 -- 1874) was a headmaster and author.	William Alder Strange	1874
date of death	Blessed John Larke (died 7 March 1544) was an English priest and martyr, who was executed during the reign of Henry VIII. He was a personal friend of Thomas More.	John Larke	7 March 1544
date of death	Zhang Tianran (張天然) (8 August 1889 -- 29 September 1947) was the eighteenth patriarch as well as the founder of the I-Kuan Tao religious sect.	Zhang Tianran	1947
date of death	Otto Liebermann (24 November 1898 - 6 April 1974) was a chemist who invented a synthesis of dolomite.	Otto Liebermann	6 April 1974
date of death	Sir Charles Hanbury Williams, KB (8 December 1708 -- 2 November 1759) was a Welsh diplomat, writer and satirist.	Charles Hanbury Williams	2 November 1759
date of death	H. H. Swami Santhananda Saraswati Avadhoota Swamigal (28 March 1921 - 27 May 2002) born as Subrahmanyam was a Hindu spiritual leader and teacher who established the worship of Devi Bhuvaneswari in Tamil Nadu.	Santhananda	27 May 2002
date of death	Peter K. Palangyo (1939 - 18 January 1993) was a Tanzanian novelist and diplomat.	Peter K. Palangyo	18 January 1993
date of death	William H. Sylvis (1828--1869) was a pioneer American trade union leader.	William H. Sylvis	1869
date of death	Colonel Humphrey Mews (1941-1990) was Deputy Private Secretary to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales 1986-1988.	Humphrey Mews	1990
date of death	Pierre Gaspard Marie Grimod d'Orsay (14 December 1748 -- 3 January 1809, Vienna), comte d'Orsay, was a collector of sculptures, paintings and drawings (which he left to the Louvre).	Pierre Gaspard Marie Grimod d'Orsay	3 January 1809
date of death	Winslow Lewis (1770--1850) was a sea captain, engineer, inventor and contractor active in the construction of many American lighthouses during the first half of the nineteenth century.	Winslow Lewis	1850
date of death	Sir Richard Aluwihare, KCMG, CBE, CCS, JP (23 May 1895 -- 22 December 1976) was a Sri Lankan civil servant and diplomat.	Richard Aluwihare	22 December 1976
date of death	Mailin mac Tanaide Ó Maolconaire, Ollamh Síol Muireadaigh, c.1360-1441.	Mailin mac Tanaide Ó Maolconaire	1441
date of death	Rothari (or Rothair), (c. 606 -- 652), of the house of Arodus, was king of the Lombards from 636 to 652; previously he had been duke of Brescia.	Rothari	652
date of death	Józef Chaciński (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjuzɛf xaˈt͡ɕiɲskʲi); 13 March 1889, Warsaw -- 6 May 1954, Góra Kalwaria) was a Polish lawyer and politician.	Józef Chaciński	6 May 1954
date of death	Arthur Douglas Peppercorn (28 February 1847 - 1926) was a London-born landscape painter who has been likened to Corot.	Arthur Douglas Peppercorn	1926
date of death	Dennis Hargrove Cooke (February 23, 1904 -- March 1982) was the fourth president of what is now East Carolina University.	Dennis Hargrove Cooke	March 1982
date of death	Sefer Reis (Ottoman Turkish:سفر) (died 1565) was a Turkish privateer and Ottoman admiral who was active against the Portuguese in the Indian Ocean in the 16th century.	Sefer Reis	1565
date of death	Paulus Verschuur (1606 -- 1667), was a Dutch mayor of Rotterdam, known today for his portrait by Frans Hals.	Paulus Verschuur	1667
date of death	Gerrard Andrewes (1750--1825) was an English churchman, Dean of Canterbury from 1809.	Gerrard Andrewes	1825
date of death	Emile Bernheim (1886 -- 1985) was a Belgian industrialist.	Emile Bernheim	1985
date of death	Ahmad ibn Tawoos (Arabic: أحمد بن طاووس‎), also known as ``Tawoos'' or ``al-Taus'' (died 673), was one of the Tabi``in, and one of the narrators of hadith.	Ahmad ibn Tawoos	673
date of death	Giuseppe Torelli (22 April 1658 -- 8 February 1709) was an Italian violist, violinist, teacher, and composer.	Giuseppe Torelli	8 February 1709
date of death	Pribislav-Henry (German: Pribislaw-Heinrich; d. 1150) was a Slavic Christian prince and the last ruler of the Hevelli (Stodorani) tribe in the Northern March of Brandenburg.	Pribislav-Henry	1150
date of death	Sir Giles Rolls Loder, 3rd Baronet (1914--1999) was an English aristocrat, WWII veteran, public official, horticulturalist and yachtsman.	Giles Rolls Loder	1999
date of death	Islwyn Ffowc Elis (Welsh pronunciation: (ˈɪslʊɨn foʊk ˈɛlɪs); 17 November 1924 -- 22 January 2004) was one of Wales's most popular Welsh-language writers.	Islwyn Ffowc Elis	22 January 2004
date of death	Adriaan Pauw, knight, heer van Heemstede, Bennebroek, Nieuwerkerk etc. (1 November 1585 -- 21 February 1653) was Grand Pensionary of Holland from 1631 to 1636 and from 1651 to 1653.	Adriaan Pauw	21 February 1653
date of death	Sarah Maria Wilson (died 1786) was an English actress.	Sarah Maria Wilson	1786
date of death	Hazrat Khwaja Syed Mohammad Badshah Qadri-ul-Chishti Yamani Raichuri Rahmatullah'alaih (1903 (1324 Hijri) -- 1978), was a Sufi saint of the Chisti order in India, known commonly as Badshah Quadri or Badesha Qadri, who preached universal brotherhood and peace.	Mohammad Badshah Qadri	1978
date of death	Ken Ogata (緒形拳 Ogata Ken; 20 July 1937 -- 5 October 2008) was a Japanese actor.	Ken Ogata	5 October 2008
date of death	Andy Cowie (11 March 1913 -- 1972) was a professional footballer who played for Dundee, Aberdeen and Swindon Town.	Andy Cowie	1972
date of death	Ralph Stob (1894 -- 1965) was an educator, academic, and former president of Calvin College in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	Ralph Stob	1965
date of death	Susan Feilding, Countess of Denbigh (née Villiers; 1583 -- 1652) was an English courtier.	Susan Feilding, Countess of Denbigh	1652
date of death	Jayakant Mishra (20 November 1922 -- 3 February 2009) was an Indian scholar and author.	Jayakant Mishra	3 February 2009
date of death	Anthony Tuckney (September 1599, Kirton-in-Holland -- February 1670) was an English Puritan theologian and scholar.	Anthony Tuckney	1670
date of death	John Every (c 1643 - 1679) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1679.	John Every	1679
date of death	Dixon Edward Hoste (23 July 1861 -- 11 May 1946) was a British Protestant Christian missionary to China and the longest lived of the Cambridge Seven and successor to James Hudson Taylor as General Director of the China Inland Mission, (from 1902 to 1935).	Dixon Edward Hoste	11 May 1946
date of death	Isaac Habrecht II (1589-1633) was a professor of astronomy and mathematics in Strasbourg.	Isaac Habrecht II	1633
date of death	Wrisley Brown (1883-1943) was Washington, DC lawyer and a soldier.	Wrisley Brown	1943
date of death	Joan Winfield (24 September 1918 -- 16 June 1978) was an Australian-born actress and talented violinist, who appeared in Hollywood films in the 1940s, mostly in uncredited roles.	Joan Winfield	16 June 1978
date of death	Lloyd Kenyon, 3rd Baron Kenyon (1 April 1805 -- 14 July 1869), was a British peer and Member of Parliament.	Lloyd Kenyon, 3rd Baron Kenyon	14 July 1869
date of death	Yudhvir Singh (Hindi: युद्धवीर सिंह, b. 1897, Jaipur, d. 1983, New Delhi) was an Indian freedom fighter, politician and homeopathic doctor.	Yudhvir Singh	1983
date of death	James Gordon Melville Turner GC (1907 - 5 November 1967) was a British merchant seaman.	James Gordon Melville Turner	5 November 1967
date of death	Gabriel von Seidl (9 December 1848 -- 27 April 1913) was a German architect and a representative of the historicist style of architecture.	Gabriel von Seidl	27 April 1913
date of death	Oda of Haldensleben (ca. 955/60 -- 1023) was a German noblewoman and by marriage Duchess of the Polans.	Oda of Haldensleben	1023
date of death	Ernst Leopold Prinz von Sachsen-Coburg und Gotha (Ernst Leopold Eduard Wilhelm Josias; 14 January 1935 -- 27 June 1996) was the elder son of Johann Leopold, Hereditary Prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Baroness Feodora von der Horst.	Ernst Leopold Prinz von Sachsen-Coburg und Gotha	27 June 1996
date of death	Joe Brophy (5 April 1890 -- 25 September 1972) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Joe Brophy	25 September 1972
date of death	Niketas Triphyllios (Greek: Νικήτας Τριφύλλιος, died 30 April 803) was one of the highest officials of the Byzantine Empire during the reign of Byzantine empress Irene of Athens (797--802), holding the position of Domestic of the Schools.	Niketas Triphyllios	803
date of death	Thomas Wrightington (c. 1797--July 8, 1853) was an early settler of San Diego, California.	Thomas Wrightington	1853
date of death	Epiphanius of Pavia (438--496), later venerated as Saint Epiphanius of Pavia, was Bishop of Pavia from 466 until his death in 496.	Epiphanius of Pavia	496
date of death	Dr. Albert Plesman (7 September 1889 -- 31 December 1953) was a Dutch pioneer in aviation and the first president of KLM, the oldest airline in the world still operating under its original name.	Albert Plesman	31 December 1953
date of death	Arthur Ashley Sykes (1684--1756) was an Anglican religious writer, known as an inveterate controversialist.	Arthur Ashley Sykes	1756
date of death	Dr. Rudolphina Menzel (1891--1973) was a cynologist, best known for her work in the field of animal behavior, from Vienna, Austria.	Rudolphina Menzel	1973
date of death	Sven Roger Blomquist (25 September 1956 -- 15 September 2014) was a Swedish sports journalist, working for state broadcaster SVT.	Roger Blomquist	15 September 2014
date of death	Lilian Doris Thompson MBE OBE (née Bean; 12 January 1903 -- 23 June 2004) was a British businessperson who was the managing director and chairman of Blackpool Pleasure Beach.	Doris Thompson	23 June 2004
date of death	Stella Sutherland (7 October 1924 -- 15 October 2015) was one of the prominent Shetland writers of the later 20th and early 21st century.	Stella Sutherland	15 October 2015
date of death	Jasodhara Bagchi (born 1937 in Kolkata -- 9 January 2015) was a leading Indian feminist critic and activist.	Jasodhara Bagchi	9 January 2015
date of death	Dov Karmi (Hebrew: דב כרמי‎; ‎1905 -- 14 May 1962) was a renowned Israeli architect of the pre-statehood era.	Dov Karmi	14 May 1962
date of death	Theophilus Cazenove, or Theophile Cazenove (13 October 1740 -- 6 March 1811), was a Dutch financier and one of the agents of the Holland Land Company.	Theophilus Cazenove	6 March 1811
date of death	Bartholomew Newsam (died 1593), was clockmaker to Queen Elizabeth I, probably born at York.	Bartholomew Newsam	1593
date of death	Bill Raidler, known as ``Little Bill'' Raidler (1870? - 1904) was an outlaw of the Old West, and member of the Doolin-Dalton gang.	Bill Raidler	1904
date of death	Fleetwood Churchill M.D. (1808--1878) was an English physician, known as an obstetrician and medical writer.	Fleetwood Churchill	1878
date of death	Gustav Sule (10 September 1910 -- 3 April 1942) was an Estonian javelin thrower.	Gustav Sule	3 April 1942
date of death	John Newton Waddel (born Willington, South Carolina, April 2, 1812; died 1895) was the Chancellor of the University of Mississippi from 1865 to 1874.	John Newton Waddel	1895
date of death	John William Kitson (1846 -- February 1888) was an English-born architectural sculptor who worked in the United States.	John William Kitson	1888
date of death	Harry Fenn (1837 -- April 22, 1911) was an English-born American illustrator, landscape painter, etcher, and wood engraver.	Harry Fenn	1911
date of death	Kanō Naonobu (狩野 尚信, 25 November 1607 -- 7 May 1650) was a Japanese painter of the Kanō school of painting during the early Edo period.	Kanō Naonobu	1650
date of death	Christopher T. Gonzalez, also known as Chris Gonzalez, was an activist who succumbed to AIDS in May 1994.	Christopher T. Gonzalez	May 1994
date of death	Mary Leigh (née Brown, 1885--1978) was an English political activist and suffragette.	Mary Leigh	1978
date of death	Marie Perolz (7 May 1874 -- 12 December 1950) was also known as Mary Perolz and Máire Perolz, and as Miss Peroze in one crucial document.	Marie Perolz	12 December 1950
date of death	Charles Burlingame Waite (born in Wayne County, New York, 29 January 1824; died 1909) was a United States lawyer, jurist and author.	Charles Burlingame Waite	1909
date of death	Simon-Pierre Denys de Bonaventure (22 June 1659 -- 7 February 1711) was an officer in the colonial troupes de la marine of New France and was heavily involved with the events of Acadia from 1685 until his death.	Simon-Pierre Denys de Bonaventure	7 February 1711
date of death	Moriz Benedikt (sometimes spelled Moritz) (27 May 1849 -- 18 March 1920), a Viennese Jew born in Krasice, was a long-time editor of Neue Freie Presse and a powerful figure in Austrian politics and society.	Moriz Benedikt	18 March 1920
date of death	John Isaac Hawkins (1772--1855) was an inventor who practised civil engineering.	John Isaac Hawkins	1855
date of death	William Sanford La Sor (1911--1991) was professor emeritus of Old Testament at Fuller Theological Seminary in Pasadena, California.	William Sanford La Sor	1991
date of death	Henry of Ghent (c. 1217 -- 29 June 1293) was a scholastic philosopher, known as Doctor Solemnis (the Solemn Doctor), and also as Henricus de Gandavo and Henricus Gandavensis.	Henry of Ghent	29 June 1293
date of death	Thomas Johannes Lauritz Parr (13 May 1862 -- 12 August 1935) was a Norwegian educator and psychologist.	Thomas Johannes Lauritz Parr	12 August 1935
date of death	Chris Baldo (real name Christian Baldauff, 24 June 1943 - 24 January 1995) was a Luxembourgish singer.	Chris Baldo	24 January 1995
date of death	Rabbi Yosef Eliyahu Henkin (1881--1973) was a prominent Orthodox rabbi in the United States.	Yosef Eliyahu Henkin	1973
date of death	Bekri Mustafa Pasha (known by the epithet Tekirdağlı, meaning ``from Tekirdağ''; died January 1690) was an Ottoman grand vizier during the Great Turkish War.	Bekri Mustafa Pasha	January 1690
date of death	Sir Andrew Riccard (c. 1604 -- 6 September 1672) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1654.	Andrew Riccard	6 September 1672
date of death	Jens Christian Hauge (15 May 1915 -- 30 October 2006), often written Jens Chr.	Jens Christian Hauge	30 October 2006
date of death	The Reverend John Galbraith Graham MBE (16 February 1921 -- 26 November 2013) was a British crossword compiler, best known as Araucaria of The Guardian.	John Galbraith Graham	26 November 2013
date of death	Camilla Martelli (c. 1545 -- 30 May 1590) was first the lover and then the second wife of the Grand Duke of Tuscany, Cosimo I de' Medici.	Camilla Martelli	30 May 1590
date of death	Pierre Woeiriot de Bouzey (1532--1599) was a French engraver, goldsmith, painter, sculptor and medallist.	Pierre Woeiriot	1599
date of death	Friedrich Hustedt (1886 -- 1 April 1968) was a German teacher and botanist, best known for his diatom systematics research.	Friedrich Hustedt	1 April 1968
date of death	John Doull (November 1, 1878 -- 1969) was a lawyer, judge and politician.	John Doull	1969
date of death	Spyrydon Lytvynovych (Ukrainian: Спиридон Литвинович, Polish: Spirydion Litwinowicz; 6 December, 1810 -- 4 June, 1869) was the Metropolitan Archbishop of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church from 1864 until his death in 1869.	Spyrydon Lytvynovych	4 June, 1869
date of death	Devendra Goel (3 March 1919 - 26 February 1979) was an Indian film director and producer of Bollywood films and best known for his work in the 1950s and early 1960s.	Devendra Goel	26 February 1979
date of death	John S. Gibson, Jr. (1902--1987) was a powerful San Pedro, California, politician who was on the Los Angeles City Council for thirty years between 1951 and 1981.	John S. Gibson, Jr.	1987
date of death	Richard Newport, 1st Baron Newport (7 May 1587 -- 8 February 1651) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1629.	Richard Newport, 1st Baron Newport	8 February 1651
date of death	Henry Almond (1850--1910) helped form Stoke Ramblers (now Stoke City) in 1863.	Henry Almond	1910
date of death	Filippo Coppola was an Italian composer, maestro di cappella of the Chapel Royal of Naples from 1658 to 1680.	Filippo Coppola	1680
date of death	Charles A. Zimmermann (1861 -- 16 January 1916) was an American composer of marches and popular music.	Charles A. Zimmermann	16 January 1916
date of death	Mary Thomas née Harris (30 August 1787 -- 10 February 1875) was a diarist, poet and early settler of South Australia.	Mary Thomas	10 February 1875
date of death	Betty Bolton (7 January 1906 -- 2 April 2005) was a British actress, beginning as a child star during World War I and continuing her career in the 1920s and 1930s.	Betty Bolton	2 April 2005
date of death	Zhang Gui (Chinese: 張軌, 255--314) was the governor of Liang province and first Duke of Xiping under Western Jin.	Zhang Gui	314
date of death	Edward John Cobbett (1815--1899) was an English watercolour and oil painter, a pupil of Joseph William Allen.	Edward John Cobbett	1899
date of death	Giuseppe Aprile (28 October 1731 -- 11 January 1813) was an Italian castrato singer and music teacher.	Giuseppe Aprile	11 January 1813
date of death	Rosaura Andreu (1 January 1918 -- 21 November 2010) was a Cuban-born actress who found wide fame in Puerto Rico as a children's television show host.	Rosaura Andreu	21 November 2010
date of death	Andrew Dalgleish (1853 -- 1888) on Karakoram Pass, between Ladakh, India and China was a Scottish trader, traveller and government agent during the Great Game.	Andrew Dalgleish	1888
date of death	Dov Zakin (Hebrew: דב זכין‎, 1922 -- 4 September 1986) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment and Mapam between 1969 and 1977 and again from 1981 until 1984.	Dov Zakin	4 September 1986
date of death	Brigadier General James Roy Andersen (10 May 1904 -- 26 February 1945) was a United States Army Air Forces officer.	James Roy Andersen	26 February 1945
date of death	Seweryna Szmaglewska (1916--1992) was a Polish writer, known for both books for children and adults alike.	Seweryna Szmaglewska	1992
date of death	Jorge Alberto Garramuño (14 September 1953 -- 7 September 2015) was an Argentine politician who was a Senator for the Fueguino People's Movement between 2013 and 2015.	Jorge Alberto Garramuño	2015
date of death	Richard Carmarden (died 1603) was an English merchant, member of the Merchant Taylors Company, and Surveyor of the Customs for London.	Richard Carmarden	1603
date of death	Gerino da Pistoia, also Gerino di Antonio Gerini, (1480-1529) was an Italian painter and designer of the Renaissance.	Gerino da Pistoia	1529
date of death	Dušan Zbavitel (7 May 1925 -- 7 August 2012) was a world-renowned Czech Indologist.	Dušan Zbavitel	7 August 2012
date of death	Benjamin Ingham (11 June 1712 (O.S.) - 1772), was born and raised in the Yorkshire and Humber region of England.	Benjamin Ingham	1772
date of death	Maud de Lacy, Baroness Geneville (1230 -- 11 April 1304) was a Norman-Irish noblewoman and wealthy heiress who upon the death of her grandfather, Walter de Lacy, Lord of Trim and Ludlow inherited half his estates.	Maud de Lacy, Baroness Geneville	11 April 1304
date of death	Giuseppe Salvatore Bellusci (31 May 1888 -- 26 December 1972) was an Italian politician of Arbëresh descent.	Giuseppe Salvatore Bellusci	26 December 1972
date of death	Jean Baptiste Édouard Verreaux (16 September 1810 -- 14 March 1868) was a French naturalist, collector and dealer.	Édouard Verreaux	14 March 1868
date of death	Jorge R. Acosta (1904--5 March 1975) was a Mexican archaeologist who worked on numerous major archaeological sites in Mesoamerica, including Chichen Itza, Teotihuacán, Oaxaca, Palenque, Monte Albán and Tula.	Jorge R. Acosta	5 March 1975
date of death	George Tierney PC (20 March 1761 -- 25 January 1830) was an Anglo-Irish Whig politician.	George Tierney	25 January 1830
date of death	Erik Sjöqvist (15 July 1903 -- 16 July 1975) was the director of Swedish Cyprus Expedition and director of Swedish Institute at Rome, Italy and professor of classical archaeology at Princeton University.	Erik Sjöqvist	16 July 1975
date of death	Cai Xiang (Chinese: 蔡襄; pinyin: Cài Xiāng; Wade--Giles: Ts'ai Hsiang) (1012--1067) was a Chinese calligrapher, scholar, official, structural engineer, and poet.	Cai Xiang	1067
date of death	Dem I. Dobrescu (usual rendition of Demetru Ion Dobrescu; 1869--1948) was a Romanian left-wing politician who served as Mayor of Bucharest between February 1929 and January 1934.	Dem I. Dobrescu	1948
date of death	Sultan Ahmad Shah of Malacca (died 1513) was a sultan of what is now Malaya.	Ahmad Shah of Malacca	1513
date of death	Rose Hacker (3 March 1906 -- 4 February 2008) was a British socialist, writer, sex educator and campaigner for social justice.	Rose Hacker	4 February 2008
date of death	Eli Uzan (Hebrew: אלי אוזן‎) (21 March 1963 -- 23 November 2009) was an Israeli footballer who played for Hapoel Be'er Sheva, Hapoel Tel Aviv and Tzafririm Holon.	Eli Uzan	23 November 2009
date of death	Sam Bernard (5 June 1863 - 16 May 1927) was an English stage, film and vaudeville star.	Sam Bernard	16 May 1927
date of death	William Raymond Dommersen, also (van) Dommersheusen and (van) Dommersheuzen, (London, Stratford West Ham, end 1859 -- London, 1927) was an English painter of Land- and Seascapes, Villages and Towns.	William Raymond Dommersen	1927
date of death	Sir Henry Gough, 1st Baronet (1709 -- 1774), also known as Sir Harry, was a British politician.	Sir Henry Gough, 1st Baronet	1774
date of death	Enrique Enríquez the Younger (died 1366) was a nobleman of Castile, son of Enrique Enríquez the Elder.	Enrique Enríquez the Younger	1366
date of death	Helen Crawfurd Anderson (9 November 1877 -- 18 April 1954) was a Scottish suffragette and Communist activist.	Helen Crawfurd	1954
date of death	Louis Oppenheim (1879--1936) was a German graphic artist, painter and type designer.	Louis Oppenheim	1936
date of death	Johan Vilhelm Gertner (10 March 1818 -- 28 March 1871) was a Danish painter, best known for his portraiture.	Johan Vilhelm Gertner	28 March 1871
date of death	Manzo Iwata (9 February 1924 -- 4 June 1993) was a Japanese martial artist.	Manzo Iwata	4 June 1993
date of death	Constantin Marselis or Constantijn Marselis (28 November 1647 - 16 June 1699) was a nobleman of the wealthy Dutch Marselis family.	Constantin Marselis	16 June 1699
date of death	John Bancks (1709 -- 19 April 1751), also known as John Banks, was an English writer.	John Bancks	19 April 1751
date of death	Rudolf Bürger (31 October 1908 -- 20 January 1980) was a Romanian international footballer of German ethnicity in the 1920s and 1930s who is one of a few men who participated in each of the three pre-War FIFA World Cups.	Rudolf Bürger	20 January 1980
date of death	Thanas Floqi (14.01.1884 - 1945) was an Albanian educator and patriot, and one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.	Thanas Floqi	1945
date of death	Stan Lawler (19 November 1909 -- 26 March 1958) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Stan Lawler	26 March 1958
date of death	Abraham Rapoport (Schrenzel) was a Polish Talmudist; born at Lemberg (currently Lviv, Ukraine) in 1584; died in 1651 (June 7); son of Rabbi Israel Jehiel Rapoport of Cracow and son-in-law of R. Mordecai Schrenzel of Lemberg.	Abraham Rapoport	1651
date of death	David Robert Wingate (February 20, 1819 -- 1899) was an American lumber businessman and plantation farmer who served in the Confederate Army as the commissioner of defense for Jefferson County, Texas, during the American Civil War.	David Robert Wingate	1899
date of death	Dr. John Oswald Sanders (October 17, 1902--October 24, 1992) was a general director of Overseas Missionary Fellowship (then known as China Inland Mission) in the 1950s and 1960s.	John Oswald Sanders	1992
date of death	Jacob Senleches (fl. 1382/1383 -- 1395) (also Jacob de Senlechos (i.e. Senleches) and Jacopinus Senlesses) was a Franco-Flemish composer and harpist of the late Middle Ages.	Jacob Senleches	1395
date of death	Frank M. Casto (30 May 1875 -- 25 April 1965) was an American orthodontist who attended Angle School of Orthodontia in 1902.	Frank M. Casto	25 April 1965
date of death	William Brodie Gurney (1777--1855) was a famed English shorthand writer and philanthropist of the 19th century.	William Brodie Gurney	1855
date of death	Ezer Griffiths OBE, FRS (27 November 1888 -- 14 February 1962) was a Welsh physicist most noted for his work on the insulation properties of metals, heat transference, evaporation and refrigiration.	Ezer Griffiths	14 February 1962
date of death	John MacDougall Hay (1879--1919) was a Scottish novelist, best known for his work Gillespie.	John MacDougall Hay	1919
date of death	John Howard Van Amringe (1836--1915) was an educator and mathematician from the United States.	John Howard Van Amringe	1915
date of death	Tomislav Pinter (16 June 1926 -- 15 August 2008) was a Croatian cinematographer, regarded as the most significant cinematographer in Croatian cinema due to the artistic quality of his work and his prolific career spanning almost five decades.	Tomislav Pinter	15 August 2008
date of death	Dr Shimon Kanovitch (Hebrew: שמעון כנוביץ'‎, born 6 July 1900, died 25 July 1961) was an Israeli physician and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Progressive Party and Liberal Party between 1959 and 1961.	Shimon Kanovitch	25 July 1961
date of death	Tony Sheridan (Anthony Esmond Sheridan McGinnity; 21 May 1940 -- 16 February 2013) was an English rock and roll singer-songwriter and guitarist.	Tony Sheridan	16 February 2013
date of death	Henrietta Catherine Agnes of Anhalt-Dessau (born 5 June 1744 in Dessau; died: 15 December 1799 in Dessau) was a princess of Anhalt-Dessau by birth, Dean of Herford Abbey and by marriage Baroness of Loën.	Henrietta Catherine Agnes of Anhalt-Dessau	15 December 1799
date of death	Arthur Bartholomew (3 December 1833 Bruton, Somerset -- 19 August 1909 Melbourne) was an English-born Australian engraver, lithographer and natural history illustrator.	Arthur Bartholomew	19 August 1909
date of death	Leonardo de Figueroa (c. 1650, Utiel -- 1730, Seville) was a Spanish architect active in Seville.	Leonardo de Figueroa	1730
date of death	Sir George Arthur Harwin Branson PC (11 July 1871 -- 23 April 1951), known professionally as G. A. H. Branson, was an English barrister who became a judge of the High Court of Justice.	G. A. H. Branson	23 April 1951
date of death	Lorna Wing, OBE, FRCPsych (7 October 1928 -- 6 June 2014) was an English psychiatrist and physician.	Lorna Wing	6 June 2014
date of death	Willie Kemp, King of the Cornkisters (born 1888 in Oldmeldrum -- 1965) is best known as a singer and writer of Doric comic songs.	Willie Kemp	1965
date of death	Hector Alastair Hetherington (31 October 1919 -- 3 October 1999) was a British journalist, newspaper editor and academic.	Alastair Hetherington	3 October 1999
date of death	Ippolito de' Medici (1511 -- 10 August 1535) was the illegitimate only son of Giuliano di Lorenzo de' Medici.	Ippolito de' Medici	10 August 1535
date of death	Ioan Hristea (17 March 1897 -- 1972, Sibiu) was a Romanian Officer during World War II.	Ioan Hristea	1972
date of death	Bahram Alivandi (1928-21 May 2012) was an Iranian-born Modern artist living in Vienna, Austria.	Bahram Alivandi	21 May 2012
date of death	James Ross, 4th Lord Ross of Halkhead (died 2 April 1581) was a Scottish nobleman and an adherent to the cause of Mary, Queen of Scots.	James Ross, 4th Lord Ross	2 April 1581
date of death	Thanassis Skordalos (Greek: Θανάσης Σκορδαλός; born 10 December 1920 -- 23 April 1998) was a musician from Crete, noted for playing the lyra, the bowed string instrument of Crete and most popular surviving form of the medieval Byzantine lyra.	Thanassis Skordalos	23 April 1998
date of death	Ishbel MacAskill (née MacIver, 14 March 1941 -- 31 March 2011) was a heritage activist and traditional Scottish Gaelic singer and teacher, often referred to as the ``Gaelic diva''.	Ishbel MacAskill	31 March 2011
date of death	Abu al-Khaṭṭāb ʻAbd al-Ḥamīd ibn ʻAbd al-Majīd (Arabic: أبو الخطاب عبد الحميد بن عبد المجيد; died 177 AH/793 CE‎), commonly known as Al-Akhfash al-Akbar (Arabic: الأخفش الأكبر‎) was a notable Arab grammarian.	Al-Akhfash al-Akbar	793
date of death	Andreas Murray (9 August 1695 - 1771) was a German-born Swedish priest, founder of the Swedish Murray family.	Andreas Murray	1771
date of death	Said Sheikh Samatar (Somali: Saciid Sheekh Samatar, Arabic: سعيد الشيخ سمتر‎‎; 1943--24 February 2015) was a prominent Somali scholar and writer.	Said Sheikh Samatar	24 February 2015
date of death	John O'Connor Power (13 February 1846 -- 21 February 1919) was an Irish Fenian and a Home Rule League and Irish Parliamentary Party politician and as MP in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland represented Mayo from June 1874 to 1885.	John O'Connor Power	21 February 1919
date of death	Ann Macbeth (Bolton 1875--1948) was a British embroideress and author, a part of the Glasgow Movement and an associate of Charles Rennie Mackintosh.	Ann Macbeth	1948
date of death	Conrad Frederick Sauer (October 13, 1866 - 1927) was a German American pharmacist from Richmond Virginia who founded the C.F. Sauer Company on October 13, 1887, his 21st birthday.	Conrad Frederick Sauer	1927
date of death	Sir Henry Spurrier (16 June 1898 -- 17 June 1964) was a British engineer and industrialist, and the third generation of the Spurrier family to head Leyland Motors.	Henry Spurrier	17 June 1964
date of death	Richard Ernest Kunze (b. in Altenburg, Germany, 7 April 1838; d. 1919) was a physician.	Richard Ernest Kunze	1919
date of death	Julius Brammer (9 March 1877 -- 18 April 1943) was an Austrian librettist and lyricist.	Julius Brammer	18 April 1943
date of death	Mr Tiz (2 February 1984 -- 30 January 2014) was a champion New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse.	Mr Tiz	30 January 2014
date of death	Joseph Johann Kauffmann (27 February 1707 -- 11 January 1782); other first name spellings in references:	Joseph Johann Kauffmann	11 January 1782
date of death	Prince Nikolai Leonidovich Obolensky (1878 - 1960) was a Russian governor.	Nikolai Leonidovich Obolensky	1960
date of death	Pietro Antoniani (Milan, circa 1740 - 1805) was an Italian painter, mainly of sea- and landscapes, often animated with figures, but also of historical subjects.	Pietro Antoniani	1805
date of death	Sigmund Hemmel (1520--1565) was a German composer, tenor, and Kapellmeister in Stuttgart, Württemberg.	Sigmund Hemmel	1565
date of death	William Turner Alchin (1790 -- 3 February 1865) was an English antiquarian and solicitor.	William Turner Alchin	3 February 1865
date of death	Nicolas Martiau (1591--1657) was a Frenchman who immigrated to the English colony of Virginia in the 17th century.	Nicolas Martiau	1657
date of death	Charles Andrew Dyce (1816--1853) was born in St Nicholas, Aberdeen, Scotland to parents William Dyce and Margaret Chalmers who were married on 8 Feb 1798.	Charles Andrew Dyce	1853
date of death	Kamalabai Hospet also known as (Kamalatai Hospet) (1896--1981) was a co-founder of Matru Sewa Sangh, a non-profit social organization based in Nagpur, Maharashtra, India.	Kamalabai Hospet	1981
date of death	Group Captain Nicolas Tindal-Carill-Worsley RAF (known as Nicolas Tindal) (7 March 1911 -- 28 January 2006), was a bomber pilot during the Second World War who helped plan and execute the Great Escape from Stalag Luft III, where he was imprisoned between 1940 and 1945.	Nicolas Tindal-Carill-Worsley	28 January 2006
date of death	Robert Roper (1757--1838) was an English architect who practised from an office in Preston, Lancashire.	Robert Roper	1838
date of death	Ignacio Luis Arcaya Rivero (Santa Ana de Coro, 3 May 1912 - Caracas, 4 September 1990), was a Venezuelan lawyer and politician.	Ignacio Luis Arcaya	4 September 1990
date of death	Harold Mathews Brett (1880--1955) was an American illustrator and painter best known for his New England scenes and portraits.	Harold Mathews Brett	1955
date of death	Eleanor Allen Moore (26 July 1885 -- 17 September 1955) was a British painter who was born in Northern Ireland, but became one of the group of painters known as the ``Glasgow Girls''.	Eleanor Allen Moore	1955
date of death	Ahmad Khonsari, also Aḥmad Khvānsārī, or Khvunsārī (Persian: احمد خوانساری‎‎, 1887--1985) was an Iranian Grand Ayatollah and attained marja status after the death of marja Boroujerdi in 1961.	Ahmad Khonsari	1985
date of death	Thomas Wignell (1753 -- February 21, 1803) was an English-born actor and theatre manager in colonial United States.	Thomas Wignell	1803
date of death	Charles Lindley (1865--1957), born Carl Gustaf Lindgren, was a Swedish socialist and trade union activist.	Charles Lindley	1957
date of death	Alfredo Parga (11 December 1924 in Buenos Aires -- 2 June 2004) was an Argentine writer and journalist linked to motor racing.	Alfredo Parga	2 June 2004
date of death	Reşat Amet (largely known by his official Russified name: Reşat Medatovych Ametov, also transliterated in Russian as: Решат Медатович Аметов , also anglicized as: Reshat Ametov) (24 January 1975 -- 15 March 2014) was a Crimean Tatar activist for ethnic Tatar causes and a Crimean Tatar hero.	Reşat Amet	15 March 2014
date of death	Theodore Havermeyer Northrup (1866-1919) composed one of the earliest rags, ``Louisiana Rag'' in 1897.	Theodore Havermeyer Northrup	1919
date of death	Edward Bamber (alias Reading) (b. at the Moor, Poulton-le-Fylde, Lancashire; executed at Lancaster 7 August 1646) was an English Roman Catholic priest.	Edward Bamber	7 August 1646
date of death	Sydney Edmund Tolchard Evans (20 September 1901 - 12 March 1978) was a British songwriter, composer, pianist and bandleader, whose works were popular from the 1920s to the 1960s.	Tolchard Evans	12 March 1978
date of death	Nils Frøis Frøisland (4 February 1883 -- 29 January 1930) was a Norwegian newspaper correspondent and editor.	Frøis Frøisland	29 January 1930
developer	My Phone is an online service with a companion mobile client application from Microsoft.	My Phone	Microsoft
developer	In May 2015, WooThemes and WooCommerce were acquired by Automattic, operator of WordPress.com and core contributor to the WordPress software.	WooCommerce	Automattic
developer	Active Lancer is a 2D shoot 'em up video game created by Freeverse for Mac OS 9 and Mac OS X. It plays in the style of many old school computer games and features little plot line or story development.	Active Lancer	Freeverse
developer	Daria's Sick, Sad Life Planner is a 1999 software program developed by Hypnotix and published by Simon & Schuster Interactive.	Daria's Sick, Sad Life Planner	Hypnotix
developer	Company of Heroes 2 is a real-time strategy video game developed by Relic Entertainment and published by Sega for Microsoft Windows, OS X, and Linux.	Company of Heroes 2	Relic Entertainment
developer	In summer 2004 the project became an Apache Software Foundation project and later officially renamed to Apache SpamAssassin.	SpamAssassin	Apache Software Foundation
developer	The Dreadnaught Factor is a video game produced by Activision in 1983 for the Mattel Intellivision, Atari 5200 video game system and Atari 8-bit family.	The Dreadnaught Factor	Activision
developer	Greed Corp is a turn-based strategy video game developed by W! Games.	Greed Corp	W! Games
developer	Rugby Challenge is a Rugby video game, developed by Sidhe and published by Tru Blu Entertainment.	Rugby Challenge	Sidhe
developer	Cosmic Carnage, known in Japan as Cyber Brawl (サイバーブロール), is a 1994 2-D fighting video game released for the Sega 32X, developed by Givro and published by Sega.	Cosmic Carnage	Givro
developer	Wild Woody is a game released by Sega of America for the Sega CD in 1995, towards the end of the system's lifespan.	Wild Woody	Sega
developer	Dragon Age II is an action role-playing video game developed by BioWare, and published by Electronic Arts.	Dragon Age II	BioWare
developer	Ubisoft Montreal began development on Watch Dogs in 2009.	Watch Dogs	Ubisoft Montreal
developer	Family Card Games (Titled Okiraku Daifugō Wii (おきらく大富豪Wii) in Japan) is a video game developed by Arc System Works for the Wii.	Family Card Games	Arc System Works
developer	Enigmo and Enigmo 2 are respectively 2.5D and 3D arcade-style computer games for personal computer (PC), Mac OS 9, Mac OS X, iOS and PlayStation Minis developed by Pangea Software.	Enigmo	Pangea Software
developer	Speedball 2 Tournament is a sequel to the Commodore Amiga futuristic sports video game Speedball originally created by The Bitmap Brothers, published by Frogster Interactive Pictures and developed by Kylotonn.	Speedball 2 Tournament	Kylotonn
developer	DrawRace 2 is a racing video game developed by RedLynx and published by Chillingo.	DrawRace 2	RedLynx
developer	NBA Baller Beats is a rhythm game developed by HB Studios and released by Majesco on the Xbox 360 for use with the Kinect motion sensing controller.	NBA Baller Beats	HB Studios
developer	Mendeley was purchased by the Elsevier publishing company in 2013.	Mendeley	Elsevier
developer	Swordquest is an unfinished series of video games produced by Atari, Inc. in the 1980s as part of a contest, consisting of three finished games and a planned but never released fourth game.	Swordquest	Atari, Inc.
developer	Shadowbane was a free fantasy role-playing video game (MMORPG) created by Wolfpack Studios and published on March 25, 2003 by Ubisoft for Windows and Mac platforms.	Shadowbane	Wolfpack Studios
developer	Apache Directory is an open source project of the Apache Software Foundation.	Apache Directory	Apache Software Foundation
developer	Driveclub (stylised as DRIVECLUB and sometimes stylised as #DRIVECLUB) is a 2014 racing video game for the PlayStation 4, developed by Evolution Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.	Driveclub	Evolution Studios
developer	Far Cry 3 is an open world action-adventure first-person shooter video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal in conjunction with Ubisoft Massive, Red Storm Entertainment, Ubisoft Shanghai, and Ubisoft Reflections, published by Ubisoft for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3.	Far Cry 3	Ubisoft Montreal	Ubisoft Massive	Ubisoft Shanghai
director	Kinatay (English: Butchered, The Execution of P) is a 2009 Filipino independent drama film directed by Brillante Mendoza.	Kinatay	Brillante Mendoza
director	Calcutta 71 is a 1972 Bengali film directed by noted Indian art film director Mrinal Sen. This film is considered to be the second film of Mrinal Sen's Calcutta trilogy, the others being Interview, and Padatik.	Calcutta 71	Mrinal Sen
director	Follow the Stars Home is a 2001 television film directed by Dick Lowry.	Follow the Stars Home	Dick Lowry
director	Prem Patra is a 1962 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Bimal Roy.	Prem Patra	Bimal Roy
director	Ninne Pelladata (English: I will marry you!) is a 1996 Telugu, Romance film, produced by Nagarjuna Akkineni on Annapurna Studios banner, directed by Krishna Vamsi.	Ninne Pelladata	Krishna Vamsi
director	Bride of the Wind is a 2001 period drama directed by Academy Award-nominee Bruce Beresford and written by first-time screenwriter Marilyn Levy.	Bride of the Wind	Bruce Beresford
director	The White Bird Marked with Black (Ukrainian: Білий Птах З Чорною Ознакою, Russian: Белая птица с чёрной отметиной trans. Bilyi Ptakh z Chornoyu Oznakoyu, Belaya ptitsa s chornoy otmetinoy) is a 1971 Ukrainian-Soviet drama film, directed by Yuri Ilyenko.	The White Bird Marked with Black	Yuri Ilyenko
director	``When Silambarasan and director Tarun Gopi came together in Kaalai we expected a racy masala entertainer.	Kaalai	Tarun Gopi
director	Do I Have to Take Care of Everything? (Finnish: Pitääkö mun kaikki hoitaa?) is a 2012 Finnish short film by Selma Vilhunen.	Do I Have to Take Care of Everything?	Selma Vilhunen
director	Unsettled Land (Hebrew: החולמים, lit. The Dreamers; also known as Once We Were Dreamers) is a 1987 Israeli drama directed by Uri Barbash.	Unsettled Land	Uri Barbash
director	Ranbhool is a Marathi movie released on 14 May 2010.The movie has been produced by Pratibha Mendhekar and directed by Sanjay Surkar.	Ranbhool	Sanjay Surkar
director	The Godless Girl (1928) is a drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille, shown for years as his last completely silent film.	The Godless Girl	Cecil B. DeMille
director	Kosh ba kosh is a 1993 Russian-Tajik film directed by Bakhtyar Khudojnazarov.	Kosh ba kosh	Bakhtyar Khudojnazarov
director	Chicken Every Sunday is a 1949 American comedy film directed by George Seaton.	Chicken Every Sunday	George Seaton
director	Replacing Dad is a 1999 American television film directed by Joyce Chopra.	Replacing Dad	Joyce Chopra
director	The Likely Lads is an English sitcom created and written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais, and produced by Dick Clement.	The Likely Lads	Dick Clement
director	The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby is the collective title of three films written and directed by Ned Benson.	The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby	Ned Benson
director	Little Malcolm is a 1974 British comedy drama film directed by Stuart Cooper.	Little Malcolm	Stuart Cooper
director	La Secta del trébol (English: The clover Sect) is a 1948 Argentine comedy film, directed by Mario Soffici and written by Tulio Demicheli and José Ramón Luna.	La Secta del trébol	Mario Soffici
director	The Giant Gila Monster is a 1959 hot rod/monster/science fiction film, directed by Ray Kellogg and produced by Ken Curtis.	The Giant Gila Monster	Ray Kellogg
director	Sabas, ang barbaro is a 1952 Filipino drama film directed by Eddie Romero and Enrique Moreno and written by Francisco Coching.	Sabas, ang barbaro	Eddie Romero
director	Turn on to Love is a 1969 film directed by John G. Avildsen and marks his directorial debut.	Turn on to Love	John G. Avildsen
director	Johnny the Giant Killer aka Johnny vs the Giant (French: Jeannot l'intrépide) is a 1950 French animated film directed by Jean Image.	Johnny the Giant Killer	Jean Image
director	Captain Macklin is a 1915 American short drama film directed by John B. O'Brien.	Captain Macklin	John B. O'Brien
director	Biohazard 4D-Executer was directed by Koichi Ohata, and written by Daisuke Okamoto, who was supervised by the game series developers.	Biohazard 4D-Executer	Koichi Ohata
director	The Final Kiss, also known as Blood on the Guitar, is a 2005 drama film that was directed by Scott Shaw.	The Final Kiss	Scott Shaw
director	The Kid Rides Again is a 1943 American western directed by Sam Newfield.	The Kid Rides Again	Sam Newfield
director	Baadasssss! is a 2003 American biopic, written, produced, directed by, and starring Mario Van Peebles.	Baadasssss!	Mario Van Peebles
director	Deadly Hero is a 1976 thriller movie starring Don Murray, Diahn Williams, James Earl Jones, Lilia Skala, Treat Williams, and directed by Ivan Nagy from a screenplay by George Wislocki and Don Petersen.	Deadly Hero	Ivan Nagy
director	Boína blanca is a 1941 Argentine drama film directed and written by Luis Moglia Barth based on the script by Carlos Goicochea and Rogelio Cordone.	Boína blanca	Luis Moglia Barth
director	Breathful is a 2007 gangster-comedy film directed by Daryush Shokof.	Breathful	Daryush Shokof
director	Burning the Wind is a 1929 American romance film, directed by Herbert Blaché and Henry MacRae, starring Hoot Gibson and featuring Boris Karloff.	Burning the Wind	Herbert Blaché	Henry MacRae
director	According to C. V. Sridhar's autobiography, Sivandha Mann had evolved from Andru Sinthiya Rattam, a script originally written for actor M. G. Ramachandran.	Sivandha Mann	C. V. Sridhar
director	Mimic 2 is a 2001 science fiction horror film, directed by Jean de Segonzac, with a script inspired by a short story of the same name by Donald A. Wollheim.	Mimic 2	Jean de Segonzac
director	The Hellion is a 1924 American Western film directed by Bruce M. Mitchell and featuring Boris Karloff.	The Hellion	Bruce M. Mitchell
director	The Lane That Had No Turning is a lost 1922 American silent film that was directed by Victor Fleming.	The Lane That Had No Turning	Victor Fleming
director	Did You Hear the One About the Traveling Saleslady? is a 1968 American comedy film directed by Don Weis and written by John Fenton Murray.	Did You Hear the One About the Traveling Saleslady?	Don Weis
director	She Demons is an independently produced 1958 black-and-white science fiction film directed and co-written by Richard E. Cunha.	She Demons	Richard E. Cunha
director	Do Be Quick (Czech: Běž, ať ti neuteče) is a 1977 Czech drama film directed by Stanislav Strnad.	Do Be Quick	Stanislav Strnad
director	Wives and Obscurities (Italian:Moglie e buoi...) is a 1956 Italian comedy film directed by Leonardo De Mitri and starring Gino Cervi, Walter Chiari and Enrico Viarisio.	Wives and Obscurities	Leonardo De Mitri
director	Champagne for Caesar is a 1950 American comedy film about a television quiz show, directed by Richard Whorf and written by Fred Brady and Hans Jacoby.	Champagne for Caesar	Richard Whorf
director	The Last Play at Shea is a 2010 documentary film written by Mark Monroe, directed by Paul Crowder, produced by Steve Cohen and Nigel Sinclair, in conjunction with Billy Joel's Maritime Pictures and Spitfire Films.	The Last Play at Shea	Paul Crowder
director	Diary of a Cannibal (also known as Cannibal) is a 2007 United States production horror film directed by Ulli Lommel.	Diary of a Cannibal	Ulli Lommel
director	Boulevard du Rhum also known as Rum Runners is a 1971 French-Italian-Spanish adventure film directed by Robert Enrico and produced by Alain Poiré.	Boulevard du Rhum	Robert Enrico
director	Vaniusha and The Space Pirate (Russian: Ванюша и космический пират) is a 1991 Soviet Russian stop-motion animation film by Vladimir Danilevich.	Vaniusha and The Space Pirate	Vladimir Danilevich
director	Mexicali Shmoes is a 1959 Looney Tunes cartoon short directed by Friz Freleng and starring Speedy Gonzales and the singing cats Jose and Manuel.	Mexicali Shmoes	Friz Freleng
director	Ninnindale (English: Because of You) is an Indian Kannada romance, comedy, drama film directed by Jayanth C. Paranjee, a popular Tollywood film director making his debut in Kannada cinema.	Ninnindale	Jayanth C. Paranjee
director	A Dangerous Age is a 1958 film directed by Sidney J. Furie.	A Dangerous Age	Sidney J. Furie
director	Marked for Murder is a 1945 American film directed by Elmer Clifton.	Marked for Murder	Elmer Clifton
director	The Raindrop (Turkish: Güle Güle) is a 2000 Turkish comedy-drama film, directed by Zeki Ökten, which chronciles the friendship of five elderly residents of Bozcaada.	The Raindrop	Zeki Ökten
director	Clinic Exclusive (UK theatrical title: Clinic Xclusive, also known as With These Hands and Sex Clinic) is a 1971 British comedy film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Georgina Ward, Alexander Davion, Carmen Silvera and Windsor Davies.	Clinic Exclusive	Don Chaffey
director	Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai is a 2010 Indian period gangster film directed by Milan Luthria and produced by Ekta Kapoor.	Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai	Milan Luthria
director	Rathna Manjari (Kannada: ರತ್ನ ಮಂಜರಿ) is a 1962 Indian Kannada film, directed by Hunsur Krishnamurthy and produced by Hunsur Krishnamurthy and D Puttaswamy.	Rathna Manjari	Hunsur Krishnamurthy
director	Show Biz Bugs is a 1957 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes animated short directed by Friz Freleng and featuring Mel Blanc as the voices of Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck.	Show Biz Bugs	Friz Freleng
director	I.K.U. (pronounced ai-kei-ju, abbreviated as iku?) is a 2001 independent film directed by Taiwanese-American experimental filmmaker Shu Lea Cheang.	I.K.U.	Shu Lea Cheang
director	Rêves de poussière (English: Dreams of Dust or Buried Dreams) is a 2006 film by director Laurent Salgues.	Rêves de poussière	Laurent Salgues
director	Delhi in a Day is a 2011 Hindi independent film directed by Prashant Nair.	Delhi in a Day	Prashant Nair
director	The Last Ones Shall Be First (German: Die Letzten werden die Ersten sein) is a 1957 West German crime film directed by Rolf Hansen, based on the short play The First and the Last by John Galsworthy.	The Last Ones Shall Be First	Rolf Hansen
director	Sith Apprentice is a Star Wars fan film that made its debut on the internet on March 29, 2005, directed by John E. Hudgens and co-written by Hudgens, Denny Humbard, and Men in Black creator Lowell Cunningham.	Sith Apprentice	John E. Hudgens
director	First Knight is a 1995 medieval film based on Arthurian legend, directed by Jerry Zucker.	First Knight	Jerry Zucker
director	The FP is a 2011 American comedy film written and directed by Brandon and Jason Trost.	The FP	Jason Trost
director	Shikkar (English: The Hunt, Malayalam: ശിക്കാര്‍) is a 2010 Malayalam mystery-thriller film directed by M. Padmakumar and written by S. Suresh Babu which was produced by Sreeraj Cinema.	Shikkar	M. Padmakumar
director	White House Down is a 2013 American action thriller film directed by Roland Emmerich about an assault on the White House by a paramilitary group and the Capitol Police Officer who tries to stop them.	White House Down	Roland Emmerich
director	Bleak Night (Hangul: 파수꾼; RR: Pasuggun; lit. ``The Lookout'') is a 2010 South Korean coming-of-age drama film written and directed by Yoon Sung-hyun.	Bleak Night	Yoon Sung-hyun
director	The Scarlet Pumpernickel is a animated Warner Bros. Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon short released in 1950, directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese.	The Scarlet Pumpernickel	Chuck Jones
director	The Employer is an award-winning psychological thriller written and directed by Frank Merle.	The Employer	Frank Merle
director	Battle for the City (Finnish: Taistelu Turusta) is a 2011 Finnish documentary film directed by Jouko Aaltonen about the city of Turku.	Battle for the City	Jouko Aaltonen
director	An Honourable Murder is a 1960 British drama film directed by Godfrey Grayson and starring Norman Wooland, Margaretta Scott and Lisa Daniely.	An Honourable Murder	Godfrey Grayson
director	Co-written by several House producers and directed by Greg Yaitanes, ``House's Head'' premiered on May 12, 2008 on Fox.	House's Head	Greg Yaitanes
director	Roarin' Lead is a 1936 American film directed by Sam Newfield and Mack V. Wright and was the third entry of the 51-film series of Western ``Three Mesquiteers'' B-movies.	Roarin' Lead	Sam Newfield	Mack V. Wright
director	The Hypo-Chondri-Cat is a 1949 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies short, released on April 15, 1950, directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese.	The Hypo-Chondri-Cat	Chuck Jones
director	The Left Ear is a 2015 Chinese coming of age film directed by Alec Su.	The Left Ear	Alec Su
director	Cow Country is a 1953 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Adele Buffington and Thomas W. Blackburn.	Cow Country	Lesley Selander
director	Spain Again (Spanish: España otra vez) is a 1969 Spanish drama film directed by Jaime Camino.	Spain Again	Jaime Camino
director	You Are My Adventure (Swedish: Du är mitt äventyr) is a 1958 Swedish comedy film directed by Stig Olin.	You Are My Adventure	Stig Olin
director	The Magnificent Cuckold or Il magnifico cornuto is a 1964 Italian film directed by Antonio Pietrangeli and based on the Belgian play Le Cocu magnifique.	The Magnificent Cuckold	Antonio Pietrangeli
director	Fight for the Dardanelles (1915) is a British silent documentary film, directed by F. Percy Smith and produced and edited by Charles Urban.	Fight for the Dardanelles	F. Percy Smith
director	Danger List is a 1959 British short film directed by Leslie Arliss for Hammer Film Productions.	Danger List	Leslie Arliss
director	Assassinio al cimitero etrusco (internationally released as Scorpion with Two Tails and Murder in an Etruscan Cemetery) is a 1982 Italian thriller-horror film directed by Sergio Martino (credited as Christian Plummer).	Scorpion with Two Tails	Sergio Martino
director	Da Possessed is a Filipino horror, comedy film directed by Joyce Bernal starring Vhong Navarro and Solenn Heussaff.	Da Possessed	Joyce Bernal
director	The Duff (stylized as THE DUFF) is a 2015 American teen comedy film directed by Ari Sandel and written by Josh A. Cagan, based on the novel of the same name by Kody Keplinger with music by Dominic Lewis and produced by Susan Cartsonis, McG and Mary Viola.	The Duff	Ari Sandel
director	Crooked Arrows is a 2012 American sports drama film directed by Steve Rash and written by Brad Riddell.	Crooked Arrows	Steve Rash
director	Sudden Manhattan was a 1996 low-budget comedy film in which Adrienne Shelly wrote, directed, and starred.	Sudden Manhattan	Adrienne Shelly
director	Appointment for Murder (Italian: Amo un assassino) is a 1951 Italian crime film drama directed by Baccio Bandini.	Appointment for Murder	Baccio Bandini
director	Wide-Eyed and Legless (also known as The Wedding Gift) is a 1993 made-for-TV British drama film directed by Richard Loncraine.	Wide-Eyed and Legless	Richard Loncraine
director	The Heart of the World is a short film written and directed by Guy Maddin, produced for the 2000 Toronto International Film Festival.	The Heart of the World	Guy Maddin
director	The Draft Horse is a Warner Bros. cartoon released in 1942, directed by Chuck Jones.	The Draft Horse	Chuck Jones
director	Office Killer is a comedy-horror film directed by Cindy Sherman.	Office Killer	Cindy Sherman
director	In the Valleys of the Southern Rhine (German:Die vom Niederrhein) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein and Rudolf Dworsky and starring Albert Steinrück, Erna Morena and Ernst Hofmann.	In the Valleys of the Southern Rhine	Rudolf Walther-Fein
director	The Long, the Short, the Cat (Italian: Il lungo, il corto, il gatto, also known as The Tall, the Short, the Cat) is a 1967 Italian comedy film directed by Lucio Fulci.	The Long, the Short, the Cat	Lucio Fulci
director	Zoop in Africa (Dutch: Zoop in Afrika) is a 2005 Dutch adventure film, directed by Johan Nijenhuis.	Zoop in Africa	Johan Nijenhuis
director	Should Ladies Behave is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Harry Beaumont and written by Bella Spewack and Sam Spewack.	Should Ladies Behave	Harry Beaumont
director	Gentlemen Prefer Nature Girls is an American 1963 nudist film produced and directed by Doris Wishman.	Gentlemen Prefer Nature Girls	Doris Wishman
director	Naanum Oru Thozhilali (English: I am also a Worker) is a 1986 Tamil-language drama film directed and produced by C. V. Sridhar.	Naanum Oru Thozhilali	C. V. Sridhar
director	All the Wrong Clues for the Right Solution (Chinese: 鬼馬智多星; pinyin: Gui ma zhi duo xing) is a 1981 Hong Kong comedy film directed and co-written by Tsui Hark.	All the Wrong Clues for the Right Solution	Tsui Hark
director	La Route impériale (``the imperial road'') is a 1935 French film directed by Marcel L'Herbier.	La Route impériale	Marcel L'Herbier
director	Barnen från Frostmofjället is a 1945 Swedish film, directed by Rolf Husberg.	Barnen från Frostmofjället	Rolf Husberg
director	Glass Chin is a 2014 American independent crime drama film written and directed by Noah Buschel, starring Corey Stoll, Billy Crudup, Marin Ireland, Yul Vazquez and Kelly Lynch.	Glass Chin	Noah Buschel
director	72 Meters (Russian: 72 метра) is a 2004 Russian drama film directed by Vladimir Khotinenko based on the short stories from the collection of stories of the same name by Alexander Pokrovsky.	72 Meters	Vladimir Khotinenko
director	Cry Blood, Apache is a 1970 western film directed by Jack Starrett and assistant director Robert Tessier.	Cry Blood, Apache	Jack Starrett
director	Alphabet of Fear (Croatian: Abeceda straha) is a Croatian film directed by Fadil Hadžić.	Alphabet of Fear	Fadil Hadžić
director	The House That Never Dies (simplified Chinese: 京城81号; traditional Chinese: 京城81號; pinyin: Jing Cheng 81 Hao) is a 2014 Chinese 3D thriller film directed by Raymond Yip.	The House That Never Dies	Raymond Yip
director	Kranthiyogi Basavanna (Kannada: ಕ್ರಾಂತಿಯೋಗಿ ಬಸವಣ್ಣ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. L. Swamy (Ravee).	Kranthiyogi Basavanna	K. S. L. Swamy
director	Dealin' with Idiots is an 2013 American film written and directed by Jeff Garlin, who also stars.	Dealin' with Idiots	Jeff Garlin
director	Live Once, Die Twice is a 2006 television drama film directed by Stefan Pleszczynski.	Live Once, Die Twice	Stefan Pleszczynski
dissolved or abolished	Diszel (Tapolica Diszel (ˈtɒpoltsɒ ˈdisɛl)) is a village in Veszprém county, Hungary, merged with the town of Tapolca administratively since 1977.	Diszel	1977
dissolved or abolished	Swedish Pomerania (Swedish: Svenska Pommern; German: Schwedisch-Pommern) was a Dominion under the Swedish Crown from 1630 to 1815, situated on what is now the Baltic coast of Germany and Poland.	Swedish Pomerania	1815
dissolved or abolished	In February 1945 the 3rd Panzer Army was one of the armies that made up the new Army Group Vistula.	3rd Panzer Army	1945
dissolved or abolished	The Bavarian Peasants' League (German: Bayerischer Bauernbund, or BB) was an agrarian political party in Bavaria, Germany, from 1870-1933.	Bavarian Peasants' League	1933
dissolved or abolished	The Kreis Birnbaum (Polish: Powiat międzychodzki) was an administrative district in Prussia (Kreis) in the west of the Grand Duchy of Posen and the succeeding Province of Posen, part of Regierungsbezirk Posen between 1815 and 1920.	Kreis Birnbaum	1920
dissolved or abolished	Originally ruled by Truchesses (Stewards), Waldburg-Zeil was elevated to a County in 1628, and a Principality in 1803 shortly before being mediatised to Württemberg in 1806.	Waldburg-Zeil	1806
dissolved or abolished	The French Fourth Republic was the republican government of France between 1946 and 1958, governed by the fourth republican constitution.	French Fourth Republic	1958
dissolved or abolished	The States' Rights Democratic Party (usually called the Dixiecrats) was a short-lived segregationist political party in the United States in 1948.	Dixiecrat	1948
dissolved or abolished	The Deutscher Fußball-Verband der DDR (DFV) was from the 1950s the football association of the (East) German Democratic Republic, fielding the East Germany national football team until 1990 before rejoining its counterpart, the German Football Association (DFB), which had been founded in 1904.	Deutscher Fußball-Verband der DDR	1990
dissolved or abolished	Lekem, (also pronounced ``Lakam'') an acronym for ha-Lishka le-Kishrei Mada (Hebrew: הלשכה לקשרי מדע‎, Bureau of Scientific Relations), was an Israeli intelligence agency headed by Benjamin Blumberg (1957--1981), and Rafi Eitan (1981--1986).	Lekem	1986
dissolved or abolished	The case then led Silicon Knights to multiple lawsuits that led the company to bankruptcy on May 16, 2014.	Silicon Knights	2014
dissolved or abolished	The only Prime Minister of Zimbabwe-Rhodesia was Abel Muzorewa who ruled from 1 June 1979 until 12 December 1979 when the country was taken into administration.	Prime Minister of Zimbabwe	12 December 1979
dissolved or abolished	The Free Trade Party which was officially known as the Australian Free Trade and Liberal Association, also referred to as the Revenue Tariff Party in some states and renamed the Anti-Socialist Party in 1906, was an Australian political party, formally organised between 1889 and 1909.	Free Trade Party	1909
dissolved or abolished	First Active was an Irish bank, and former building society which was merged into Ulster Bank in late 2009, ceasing trading in February 2010.	First Active	2010
dissolved or abolished	Dunedin East was a parliamentary electorate in the city of Dunedin in the Otago region of New Zealand from 1881 to 1890.	Dunedin East	1890
dissolved or abolished	The Turkish military subsequently defeated the Republic of Ararat in September 1930.	Republic of Ararat	1930
dissolved or abolished	In 1998 the Reformists for Europe merged with the Democratic Party of the Left (PDS) and other groups to form the Democrats of the Left (DS).	Reformists for Europe	1998
dissolved or abolished	The Mountainous Republic of the Northern Caucasus (MRNC; also known as the Mountain Republic or the Republic of the Mountaineers; 1917--1920) was a short-lived state situated in the Northern Caucasus.	Mountainous Republic of the Northern Caucasus	1920
dissolved or abolished	In 828, Carantania became a margraviate of the Frankish empire.	Carantania	828
educated at	Stephen Fleet was educated at Brentwood School, Essex, Lewes County Grammar School, Sussex and St John's College, Cambridge, where he received his doctorate.	Stephen Fleet	St John's College
educated at	William Allot was a Catholic student of the University of Cambridge.	William Allot	University of Cambridge
educated at	Born in Karachi in 1961, Sabiha Sumar studied Filmmaking and Political Science at Sarah Lawrence College in New York from 1980--83 and then read History and Political Thought at Cambridge University.	Sabiha Sumar	Sarah Lawrence College
educated at	Isaac H. Snowden was one of the first three African-American students admitted to Harvard Medical School, in 1850, along with Martin Delany and Daniel Laing, Jr. Snowden and Laing were sponsored by the American Colonization Society in doing so and had previously been connected with the Young Men's Literary Society in Boston.	Isaac H. Snowden	Harvard Medical School
educated at	Oliver Bevan (born 28 March 1941) is an English artist, who was born in Peterborough and educated at Eton College.	Oliver Bevan	Eton College
educated at	Mohit Banerji's formative years were spent in West Bengal, having been educated at Midnapore Collegiate School followed by tertiary undergraduate study at the University of Calcutta.	Mohit Banerji	University of Calcutta
educated at	Dugald Stewart Walker was a native of Richmond, Virginia, and studied drawing at the University of Virginia and the New York School of Art.	Dugald Stewart Walker	University of Virginia
educated at	Gustavo Turecki, MD, PhD (born May 11, 1965) is an award-winning Canadian psychiatrist and professor at McGill University.	Gustavo Turecki	McGill University
educated at	James Whitbourn was born in Kent and educated at Skinners' School before winning a scholarship to Magdalen College, Oxford, where he gained his first two degrees.	James Whitbourn	Magdalen College
educated at	Born in Paterson, New Jersey to John I. and Henrietta DeKorte, Richard W. DeKorte was educated at Amherst College and the University of Chicago Law School.	Richard W. DeKorte	Amherst College
educated at	Born in South Africa, David Freedberg was educated at South African College High School in Newlands, Cape Town (1961--65), the University of Cape Town (1966), completed a Bachelor of Arts at Yale (1966--69), and accomplished the D.Phil.	David Freedberg	University of Cape Town
educated at	Max Crawford was educated at Sydney Boys High School, the University of Sydney and Balliol College, Oxford, where he studied English, history, philosophy and fine art (he was an accomplished painter and poet).	Max Crawford	University of Sydney	Balliol College
educated at	Brosl Hasslacher obtained a bachelor's in physics from Harvard University in 1962.	Brosl Hasslacher	Harvard University
educated at	From 1991 to 1994, Dag Herbjørnsrud studied political science at the University of Oslo.	Dag Herbjørnsrud	University of Oslo
educated at	From 1948 to 1955 Zou Jiahua studied first at the Harbin Institute of Technology, then later attended the Bauman Moscow State Technical University School of Mechanical Manufacturing, becoming proficient in Russian.	Zou Jiahua	Harbin Institute of Technology	Bauman Moscow State Technical University
educated at	Roger Mudd received a B.A. degree from Washington and Lee University in 1950 -- where one of his classmates was author Tom Wolfe -- and an M.A. degree from the University of North Carolina in 1953.	Roger Mudd	Washington and Lee University
educated at	Eric W. Kaler (born 23 September 1956) is the 16th president of the University of Minnesota, succeeding Robert Bruininks on July 1, 2011.	Eric W. Kaler	University of Minnesota
educated at	After returning to Germany in 1947, Edzard Reuter studied mathematics and theoretical physics at the University of Berlin (now known as Humboldt University of Berlin), later transferring to the Georg August University of Göttingen.	Edzard Reuter	University of Göttingen
educated at	Carel Boshoff spent much of his youth at his father's ranch in the Waterberg District in the northern Transvaal, attended the University of Pretoria and attained his doctorate in theology in 1951 after doing missionary work throughout the old Transvaal Province.	Carel Boshoff	University of Pretoria
educated at	John Wesley Gilbert (July 6, 1864 -- November 19, 1923) was the first African-American archaeologist, the first graduate of Paine College, the first African-American professor of that school, and the first African-American to receive a master's degree from Brown University.	John Wesley Gilbert	Brown University
educated at	Sue Hartley attended University of Oxford, England, where she undertook an undergraduate BA degree in biochemistry.	Sue Hartley	University of Oxford
educated at	John Meriwether earned an undergraduate degree from Northwestern University and an MBA degree from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business.	John Meriwether	Northwestern University	Booth School of Business
educated at	Riaz Hassan AM, FASSA is an Australian Research Council Professorial Fellow and Emeritus Professor in the Department of Sociology, Flinders University.	Riaz Hassan	Flinders University
educated at	Ilya Schor first trained as an apprentice in metalcrafts and engraving before enrolling at the Warsaw Academy of Fine Arts in 1930 where he studied painting.	Ilya Schor	Academy of Fine Arts
educated at	Henry George Purchase was the son of George and Victoria Purchase of Weymouth in Dorset He was educated at King's College, London where he received the law degree, LL.B. In 1902, he married Kathleen Roberts the daughter of a Justice of the Peace from Hollybrook in County Cork.	Henry George Purchase	King's College, London
educated at	Hüseyin Dündar studied Physical Training and Sports at the Çukurova University in Adana.	Hüseyin Dündar	Çukurova University
educated at	Javad Etaat (born 20 April 1963 in Darab County, Shiraz) is an Iranian politician and professor at Shahid Beheshti University.	Javad Etaat	Shahid Beheshti University
educated at	Eli Ginzberg (April 30, 1911 -- December 14, 2002) was born in New York, New York and earned an A.B., an A.M., and a Ph.D. from Columbia University between 1931 and 1934.	Eli Ginzberg	Columbia University
educated at	Samuel Brooke was educated at Westminster School and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he was admitted in 1596; he proceeded M.A. 1604, B.D. 1607, and D.D. 1615.	Samuel Brooke	Westminster School
educated at	C. T. K. Chari (5 June 1909 -- 5 January 1993) was Head of the Department of Philosophy at Madras Christian College from 1958 to 1969 and the most prominent among contemporary Indian philosophers who paid close attention to psi phenomena.	C. T. K. Chari	Madras Christian College
educated at	'' Lois Marshall was a graduate of the University of Toronto.	Lois Marshall	University of Toronto
educated at	Peter Jenni, Swiss, born in 1948, obtained his Diploma for Physics at the University of Bern in 1973 and his Doctorate at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zürich (ETHZ) in 1976.	Peter Jenni	University of Bern
educated at	David J. Hayes is a Distinguished Visiting Lecturer at Law at Stanford Law School.	David J. Hayes	Stanford Law School
educated at	The son of Lee and Virginia Symonds, Craig Symonds attended Anaheim High School then University of California, Los Angeles, where he earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1967.	Craig Symonds	University of California, Los Angeles
educated at	Born in Ripley, Derbyshire and educated at Worcester College, Oxford, where he read PPE, Alec Horsley entered and later abandoned the Colonial Service.	Alec Horsley	Worcester College
educated at	Kathy Fagan holds an M.F.A. from Columbia University and a Ph.D. from the University of Utah.	Kathy Fagan	Columbia University	University of Utah
educated at	Born in the Caroline County town of Denton, Maryland, in 1880, Sophie Kerr graduated from Denton High School in 1895 and went on to earn a bachelor's degree from Hood College and a master's degree from the University of Vermont.	Sophie Kerr	University of Vermont
educated at	Arindam Chaudhuri (Hindi:अरिंदम चौधुरी) is an Indian author and the director of IIPM Think Tank at Indian Institute of Planning and Management.	Arindam Chaudhuri	Indian Institute of Planning and Management
educated at	Hours later, Wayne State University in Detroit discontinued the Helen Thomas Spirit of Diversity in Media Award, which it had been granting for more than ten years, citing what it called her anti-Semitic remarks.	Helen Thomas	Wayne State University
educated at	Arnie Fielkow received his Bachelor of Arts from Northwestern University and his Juris Doctor from the University of Wisconsin School of Law in 1981.	Arnie Fielkow	Northwestern University
educated at	Mary Patterson McPherson (born c. 1935) has served as the President of Bryn Mawr College (1978-1997), the Vice President of the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation (1997--2007), and the Executive Officer of the American Philosophical Society (2007-2012).	Mary Patterson McPherson	Bryn Mawr College
educated at	Hassan Makaremi holds a diploma from the Polytechnic University of Tehan, Amirkabir University of Technology and École centrale Paris.	Hassan Makaremi	Amirkabir University of Technology
educated at	Brad Hendricks attended Arizona State University and obtained his Bachelor of Science degree in 1977, graduating cum laude.	Brad Hendricks	Arizona State University
educated at	Fadwa El Guindi, born in Egypt in 1941, is a professor of anthropology with a PhD in anthropology from the University of Texas at Austin (1972).	Fadwa El Guindi	University of Texas at Austin
educated at	George Gaskell graduated from University College London in 1969, and completed his PhD in social psychology under the supervision of Professor Rob Farr.	George Gaskell	University College London
educated at	Maria Ogedengbe, née Creyts, is an American artist whose production straddles disciplines of photography, design, assemblage, and installation art. Ogedengbe, who earned her BFA at Kansas City Art Institute and her MFA from Yale University School of Art, signs her work with the alias mariaurora.	Maria Ogedengbe	Yale University
educated at	Fazal Sheikh was born in New York City, 1965, and attended Princeton University, graduating in 1987.	Fazal Sheikh	Princeton University
educated at	Born in Sylacauga, Alabama, United States, Van Allen Plexico graduated from Auburn University with Bachelor's and Master's Degrees in 1990 and 1994, doing additional graduate work at Georgetown University and at Emory University.	Van Allen Plexico	Auburn University	Georgetown University
educated at	Dire Tladi is a professor of international law at the Department of Public Law and the Institute for International and Comparative Law in Africa at the University of Pretoria.	Dire Tladi	University of Pretoria
educated at	Roland Moyle was educated in Bexleyheath and Llanidloes, and at the University College of Wales, Aberystwyth and Trinity Hall, Cambridge, where he chaired the Labour Club in 1953.	Roland Moyle	Trinity Hall
educated at	Sudhir Shivaram grew up in Karnataka and got into wildlife photography in 1993 when studying engineering in Malnad College of Engineering in Hassan, Karnataka.	Sudhir Shivaram	Malnad College of Engineering
educated at	John Ewart Wallace Sterling (August 6, 1906 -- July 1, 1985) was an American educator who served as President of Stanford University between 1949 and 1968.	Wallace Sterling	Stanford University
educated at	Clem Tisdell obtained his bachelor's degree in Commerce (majoring in Economics) from the University of New South Wales in 1961 and his doctorate in Economics from the Australian National University in 1964.	Clem Tisdell	University of New South Wales
educated at	Patty Kazmaier-Sandt (January 8, 1962 - February 15, 1990) was a four-year varsity letter-winner for the Princeton University women's ice hockey team from 1981 through 1986.	Patty Kazmaier-Sandt	Princeton University
educated at	Olga Esina (in Russian Ольга Есина) is a Russian ballerina who was educated at the Vaganova Academy of Russian Ballet in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Olga Esina	Vaganova Academy of Russian Ballet
educated at	The daughter of Pål Kraby, Ida Hjort Kraby graduated from the University of Oslo as cand.jur.	Ida Hjort Kraby	University of Oslo
educated at	Dean Allemang has a formal background, with an MSc in Mathematics from the University of Cambridge, England, and a PhD in Computer Science from The Ohio State University, USA.	Dean Allemang	Ohio State University
educated at	Marion Edwards Park was the American alumna and the third president of Bryn Mawr College, following alumna M. Carey Thomas.	Marion Edwards Park	Bryn Mawr College
employer	Neely Bruce (born January 21, 1944), Professor of Music and American Studies at Wesleyan University, is a composer, conductor, pianist and scholar of American music.	Neely Bruce	Wesleyan University
employer	Lawrence Shulman (born May 17, 1937) is the former Dean of the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York.	Lawrence Shulman	University at Buffalo, The State University of New York
employer	Ann Ferguson (born 6 March 1938), is an American philosopher, and Professor Emerita of Philosophy and Women's Studies at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.	Ann Ferguson	University of Massachusetts Amherst
employer	Yves Bot (born August 22, 1947) is a French magistrate and currently serves as Advocate General at the European Court of Justice.	Yves Bot	European Court of Justice
employer	Gregor Schoeler is a contemporary non-Muslim Islamic scholar He has served the chair of Islamic studies at the University of Basel since 2009.	Gregor Schoeler	University of Basel
employer	Virginia Walbot born in 1946, is an American agriculturalist and botanist who is a biology professor at Stanford University.	Virginia Walbot	Stanford University
employer	Lars Skattebøl FRSC (born 16 July 1927 in Bærum) is a Norwegian scientist and professor emeritus at the University of Oslo.	Lars Skattebøl	University of Oslo
employer	Commander William Ibbett (1886-1975) was an English submariner, and later a BBC Radio broadcaster.	William Ibbett	BBC
employer	Arun Sundararajan (Tamil: அருண் சுந்தர்ராஜன்) (born in the United Kingdom) is the NEC Faculty Fellow, Professor of Information, Operations and Management Sciences and a Doctoral Coordinator at the Stern School of Business, New York University.	Arun Sundararajan	New York University
employer	Franco Imoda, S.J. is an Italian Jesuit priest, who served as Rector of the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome from 1998 to 2004.	Franco Imoda	Pontifical Gregorian University
employer	Alastair Leithead is a British journalist working as a foreign correspondent for the BBC.	Alastair Leithead	BBC
employer	Nathaniel David Mermin (/ˈmɜrmɪn/; born 1935) is a solid-state physicist at Cornell University best known for the eponymous Mermin--	David Mermin	Cornell University
employer	Alexander Deichsel (born 23 February 1935) is a German sociologist and professor at the University of Hamburg (Germany).	Alexander Deichsel	University of Hamburg
employer	Anthony Cohen was a research fellow at the Memorial University of Newfoundland; assistant professor at Queen's University and lecturer and senior lecturer in social anthropology at the University of Manchester.	Anthony Cohen	University of Manchester
employer	Thor Rhodin, late Professor Emeritus, Applied and Engineering Physics at Cornell University, is credited with pioneering work in the birth and evolution of surface science beginning with his research on surface sensitivity using auger electron spectroscopy.	Thor Rhodin	Cornell University
employer	Gabriele Klein (born 1957) is a sociologist, dance theorist and professor at the University of Hamburg.	Gabriele Klein	University of Hamburg
employer	Choi Young-jin (Hangul: 최영진, Choe Yeongjin; born 29 March 1948) is a South Korean politician who is the former Special Representative of the United Nations Secretary-General for Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI).	Choi Young-jin	United Nations
employer	Megan Duffy (born July 13, 1984) is an American women's basketball coach, currently assistant coach with the University of Michigan.	Megan Duffy	University of Michigan
employer	Xiaowei Zhuang (simplified Chinese: 庄小威; traditional Chinese: 莊小威) (b. January, 1972) is a Chinese-American biophysicist, and the David B. Arnold Jr. Professor of Science, Professor of Chemistry and Chemical Biology and Professor of Physics at Harvard University, and an Investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.	Xiaowei Zhuang	Harvard University
employer	William E. Bentley is the Robert E. Fischell Distinguished Professor of Engineering and founding Chair of the Fischell Department of Bioengineering located in the A. James Clark School of Engineering at the University of Maryland.	William E. Bentley	University of Maryland
employer	Edward S. Davidson is a professor emeritus in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.	Edward S. Davidson	University of Michigan
employer	Steven Lamy is a professor of international relations and a Vice Dean for the USC Dana and David Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences at the University of Southern California.	Steven Lamy	University of Southern California
employer	Michael Batty CBE, FBA, FRS, FAcSS (born 11 January 1945) is a British urban planner and geographer, and a Professor in The Bartlett at University College London (UCL).	Michael Batty	University College London
employer	Judith T. Zeitlin is a professor in Chinese literature and East Asian Languages and Civilizations at the University of Chicago.	Judith T. Zeitlin	University of Chicago
employer	Henry Rapoport (November 16, 1918 -- March 6, 2002) was an internationally renowned organic chemist and Professor of Chemistry at the University of California, Berkeley.	Henry Rapoport	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Hubert Wolf (born 26 November 1959 in Wört, Baden-Württemberg) is a German church historian and professor at the University of Münster.	Hubert Wolf	University of Münster
employer	Carol Smart (born 20 December 1948), is a feminist sociologist and academic at the University of Manchester.	Carol Smart	University of Manchester
employer	Deborah Lynn Steinberg is a Professor of Gender, Culture and Media Studies in the Department of Sociology at the University of Warwick, UK.	Deborah Lynn Steinberg	University of Warwick
employer	Klaus Oeggl studied biology and Earth sciences at the University of Innsbruck, where he graduated in 1981.	Klaus Oeggl	University of Innsbruck
employer	Charles McLelland (19 November 1930 -- 2 December 2004) was the controller of BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 2 from 1976 to 1978, and the controller solely of BBC Radio 2 from 1978 to 1980, when the two stations' management teams were separated.	Charles McLelland	BBC
employer	Lizabeth Cohen is the current Howard Mumford Jones Professor of American Studies at Harvard University, as well as the Dean of Harvard's Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study.	Lizabeth Cohen	Harvard University
employer	Fred L. Block is an American sociologist, and Professor of Sociology at the University of California, Davis.	Fred L. Block	University of California, Davis
employer	Dimitri Gutas (born 1945) is an American Arabist and Hellenist and professor of Arabic and Islamic Studies in the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations at Yale University.	Dimitri Gutas	Yale University
employer	Winifred Robinson (born 7 December 1957) is a BBC Radio presenter working on the You and Yours programme.	Winifred Robinson	BBC
employer	Xuemei Chen (Chinese: 陈雪梅) is a Chinese professor of plant cell and molecular biology at University of California, Riverside.	Xuemei Chen	University of California, Riverside
employer	Manfred G. Schmidt (born 25 July 1948 in Donauwörth, Germany) is Professor of Political Science at the Faculty of Economic and Social Sciences of the University of Heidelberg.	Manfred G. Schmidt	University of Heidelberg
employer	Harold I. Hansen (1914-1992) was a major theatre professor at Brigham Young University (BYU) and the director of the Hill Cumorah Pageant from 1937-1977, excluding the years during World War II in which it was not held.	Harold I. Hansen	Brigham Young University
employer	Jordi Folch Pi (March 25, 1911 -- October 3, 1979) was a Catalan biochemist at Harvard University (McLean Hospital) who is recognized universally as one of the founders of the field of structural chemistry of complex lipids and as a leader in the development of Neurochemistry as a distinct discipline within the Neurosciences.	Jordi Folch Pi	Harvard University
employer	Dr. Allan Abbass (born February 22, 1962) is professor, psychiatrist, and founding Director of the Centre for Emotions and Health at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Canada.	Allan Abbass	Dalhousie University
employer	Richard D. Alexander (born 1930) is an Emeritus Professor and Emeritus Curator of Insects at the Museum of Zoology of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA.	Richard D. Alexander	University of Michigan
employer	Helen O'Rahilly (born in Dublin) is a London-based Irish television producer and executive who has worked for RTÉ, the BBC and in commercial broadcasting.	Helen O'Rahilly	BBC
employer	Knut Jørgen Røed Ødegaard (born 6 May 1966) is a Norwegian astronomer formerly employed as a media contact at the University of Oslo's Institute of Theoretical Astrophysics.	Knut Jørgen Røed Ødegaard	University of Oslo
employer	Alison Hastings is the member for England on the BBC Trust, the governing body of the British Broadcasting Corporation, and a Vice President of the British Board of Film Classification.	Alison Hastings	BBC
father	Herbert Quandt was born in Pritzwalk, the second son of Günther Quandt (1881--1954) and Antonie ``Toni'' Quandt (née Ewald).	Herbert Quandt	Günther Quandt
father	Gabriel-Elzéar Taschereau was born at Quebec City, the son of Thomas-Jacques Taschereau.	Gabriel-Elzéar Taschereau	Thomas-Jacques Taschereau
father	Meng Yi's father, Meng Wu (蒙武), served as a general during the reign of King Zhuangxiang's son, Ying Zheng.	Meng Yi	Meng Wu
father	Évrard Chauveau (1660--1739) was a French painter, the son of François Chauveau.	Évrard Chauveau	François Chauveau
father	Esther Cleveland (September 9, 1893 -- June 25, 1980) was the second child of Grover Cleveland, 22nd & 24th President of the United States, and his wife Frances Folsom Cleveland.	Esther Cleveland	Grover Cleveland
father	Fleeting Spirit's sire Invincible Spirit was a sprinter who won the Haydock Sprint Cup in 2002.	Fleeting Spirit	Invincible Spirit
father	Italic people believed Picus was the son of the god of war Mars and attributed his avine transformation to his skills at interpreting bird omens.	Picus	Mars
father	Jishnu Raghavan Alingkil, known mononymously as Jishnu, is an Indian film actor who appears in Malayalam films.	Jishnu	Raghavan
father	Gustave Flourens (4 August 1838 in Paris -- 3 April 1871) was a French Revolutionary leader and writer, son of the physiologist Jean Pierre Flourens (who was Professor at the Collège de France and deputy in 1838-1839).	Gustave Flourens	Jean Pierre Flourens
father	Ur-Nungal of Uruk was the sixth Sumerian ruler in the First Dynasty of Uruk (ca. 26th century BC), and son of Gilgamesh according to the Sumerian king list.	Ur-Nungal	Gilgamesh
father	Lin Liguo (Chinese: 林立果, 1945 - September 13, 1971) was the son of the Chinese Communist military leader Lin Biao and the person in charge of Project 571 Outline, a plotted coup against Mao Zedong.	Lin Liguo	Lin Biao
father	He was foaled on 10 September 2006, and bred by Tony Santic's Makybe Racing & Breeding Pty Ltd. Starspangledbanner is by international race winner and successful sire, Choisir, his dam is the race winner, Gold Anthem who has produced five named foals for two other winners, by different sires.	Starspangledbanner	Choisir
father	Gwladus Ddu, (``Gwladus the Dark''), full name Gwladus ferch Llywelyn (died 1251) was a Welsh noblewoman who was a daughter of Llywelyn the Great of Gwynedd and married two Marcher lords.	Gwladus Ddu	Llywelyn the Great
father	While he was nearing Scutari, Kadan heard of the death of his father, Ögedei Khan.	Kadan	Ögedei Khan
father	Sarah Miriam Peale (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, May 19, 1800 -- February 4, 1885, Philadelphia) was an American portrait painter, one of the notable family of artists descended from the miniaturist and still-life painter James Peale, who was her father and Mary Claypoole, who was her mother.	Sarah Miriam Peale	James Peale
father	Li Renfu was said to be from the same Tuoba clan as the late-Tang Dynasty warlord Li Sigong (né Tuoba Sigong), the first Dangxiang military governor of Dingnan, and therefore was ethnically Dangxiang.	Li Renfu	Li Sigong
father	Phut or Put (Hebrew: פוט pûṭ; Septuagint Greek Φουδ Phoud) is the third son of Ham (one of the sons of Noah), in the biblical Table of Nations (Genesis 10:6; cf. 1 Chronicles 1:8).	Phut	Ham
father	Miguel Zamacoïs, born in Louveciennes on September 8, 1866, and died in Paris on March 20, 1955, was a writer, poet and journalist, son of the Spanish Basque painter Eduardo Zamacois y Zabala and Marie Louise Perrin.	Miguel Zamacoïs	Eduardo Zamacois y Zabala
father	Iddo Netanyahu was born in Jerusalem, the son of Zila (née Segal; 1912--2000) and professor Benzion Netanyahu (1910--2012), and spent part of his childhood in the United States.	Iddo Netanyahu	Benzion Netanyahu
father	Lady Margaret Butler (c. 1454 or 1465 -- 1539) was an Irish noblewoman, the daughter and co-heiress of Thomas Butler, 7th Earl of Ormond.	Lady Margaret Butler	Thomas Butler, 7th Earl of Ormond
father	Princess Caroline-Mathilde of Denmark (Danish: Caroline-Mathilde Louise Dagmar Christine Maud Augusta Ingeborg Thyra Adelheid) (27 April 1912 -- 12 December 1995) was a daughter of Prince Harald of Denmark and granddaughter of King Frederick VIII of Denmark.	Princess Caroline-Mathilde of Denmark	Prince Harald of Denmark
father	Leontiades of Thebes, son of Eurymachus, and apparently a grandson of the Theban commander Leontiades in the Battle of Thermopylae.	Leontiades	Eurymachus
father	Teodato Ipato (also Diodato or Deusdedit, Latin: Theodatus Ursus) was the doge of Venice after a brief interregnum following the death of his father, Orso Ipato, in 742.	Teodato Ipato	Orso Ipato
father	Eucleidas (Greek: Εὐκλείδας) reigned Sparta from 227 BC up until 222 BC. He was an Agiad, son of Leonidas II, in the place of the Eurypontid king.	Eucleidas	Leonidas II
founder	Wertheim & Co. was an investment firm founded in 1927 by Maurice Wertheim and Joseph Klingenstein, who met when they worked together at Hallgarten & Company.	Wertheim & Co.	Maurice Wertheim
founder	City Year was founded in 1988 by Michael Brown and Alan Khazei, then-roommates at Harvard Law School, who felt strongly that young people in service could be a powerful resource for addressing America's most pressing issues.	City Year	Michael Brown
founder	Mirage Enterprises was an American film production company founded by director and producer Sydney Pollack in 1985.	Mirage Enterprises	Sydney Pollack
founder	Defective by Design is an anti-DRM initiative by the Free Software Foundation.	Defective by Design	Free Software Foundation
founder	Founded in 1901 by John Francis Queeny, Monsanto initially produced food additives like saccharin and vanillin, expanded into industrial chemicals like sulfuric acid and PCBs in the 1920s, and by the 1940s was a major producer of plastics, including polystyrene and synthetic fibers.	Monsanto	John Francis Queeny
founder	The Birmingham News was launched on March 14, 1888 by Rufus N. Rhodes as The Evening News, a four-page paper with two reporters and $800 of operating capital.	The Birmingham News	Rufus N. Rhodes
founder	Adrian Kinderis is the CEO of AusRegistry Pty Ltd.	AusRegistry	Adrian Kinderis
founder	Apollo Computer Inc., founded 1980 in Chelmsford, Massachusetts by William Poduska (a founder of Prime Computer) and others, developed and produced Apollo/Domain workstations in the 1980s.	Apollo Computer	William Poduska
founder	Mecanoo was founded in 1984 by Francine Houben, Henk Döll, Roelf Steenhuis, Erick van Egeraat and Chris de Weijer.	Mecanoo	Francine Houben	Erick van Egeraat
founder	Crown Media Holdings, Inc. (a.k.a. Crown Media) is a United States media production company with corporate headquarters located in Studio City, California, and is controlled by Hallmark Cards.	Crown Media Holdings	Hallmark Cards
headquarters location	Huobi (火币网) is a Chinese digital currency trading platform and exchange based in Beijing.	Huobi	Beijing
headquarters location	Verifone is an American multinational corporation headquartered in San Jose, California that provides technology for electronic payment transactions and value-added services at the point-of-sale.	Verifone	San Jose
headquarters location	Stagecoach in Bassetlaw is the brand name for Stagecoach East Midlands operations in the Bassetlaw district, with operations be run out of their depot on Central Avenue/Hardy Street in Worksop.	Stagecoach in Bassetlaw	Worksop
headquarters location	Smurfit-Stone Container Corporation was a global paperboard and paper-based packaging company based in Creve Coeur, Missouri, and Chicago, Illinois, with approximately 21,000 employees.	Smurfit-Stone Container	Chicago
headquarters location	Scanline VFX is a visual effects company with offices in Los Angeles, Vancouver and Munich.	Scanline VFX	Munich
headquarters location	In 1998, due to the rapid expansion of the company, Imavision 21 became Imavision Distribution and the offices moved to their present location, on Saint-Jacques Street in Montreal.	Imavision	Montreal
headquarters location	The German Patent and Trade Mark Office (German: Deutsches Patent- und Markenamt; abbreviation: DPMA) is the German national patent office, with headquarters in Munich, and offices in Berlin and Jena.	Deutsches Patent- und Markenamt	Munich
headquarters location	Constellation Energy Group (former NYSE ticker symbol CEG), headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland, was an energy producer, trader, and distributor.	Constellation Energy Group	Baltimore
headquarters location	Randstad Holding NV is a Dutch multinational human resource consulting firm headquartered in Diemen, Netherlands.	Randstad Holding	Diemen
headquarters location	Post Properties is headquartered in Atlanta, and has operations in nine markets across the country.	Post Properties	Atlanta
headquarters location	Maurices is an American women's clothing retail chain based in Duluth, Minnesota.	Maurices	Duluth
headquarters location	Liceo Pablo Neruda (English: Pablo Neruda High School) is a Chilean municipal high school located in Navidad, Cardenal Caro Province, Chile.	Liceo Pablo Neruda	Navidad
headquarters location	In April 2011, Max Myanmar won a government auction bid to buy the Department of Population office in Yangon's Kyauktada Township, at the cost of K15 billion.	Max Myanmar	Yangon
headquarters location	HSBC Argentina is one of the largest financial organizations in Argentina and comprises HSBC Bank Argentina, HSBC MAXIMA AFJP, HSBC La Buenos Aires and HSBC New York Life.	HSBC Bank Argentina	Buenos Aires
headquarters location	Williams & Connolly LLP is a prominent litigation firm based in Washington, D.C., United States.	Williams & Connolly	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	ATP architects engineers is an international architecture- and engineering office for integrated design with a headquarters in Innsbruck, Austria and further design offices in Vienna, Munich, Frankfurt, Zürich, Budapest, Zagreb and Moscow.	ATP architects engineers	Innsbruck
headquarters location	The Brickskeller (officially The Brickskeller Dining House and Down Home Saloon) was a tavern in Washington, D.C., located near Dupont Circle across from Rock Creek Park and on the edge of Georgetown, in the Marifex Hotel (now the Brickskeller Inn) building.	Brickskeller	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Lending Club is a US peer-to-peer lending company, headquartered in San Francisco, California.	Lending Club	San Francisco
headquarters location	Boca Grande Taqueria is a chain of Mexican restaurants in the Boston, Massachusetts area.	Boca Grande Taqueria	Boston
headquarters location	Independent Fabrication (IF) is a bicycle company located in Newmarket, New Hampshire, USA.	Independent Fabrication	Newmarket, New Hampshire
headquarters location	Cadila Pharmaceuticals Limited is an Indian multinational pharmaceutical company headquartered in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, founded in 1951 with a mission to make affordable healthcare for humanity.	Cadila Pharmaceuticals	Ahmedabad
headquarters location	The Gulf Organization for Industrial Consulting (GOIC) is a market research organization headquartered in Doha, Qatar whose activities involve preparing economic feasibility studies, researching socio-economic statistics, and promoting regional co-ordination between industrial institutions.	Gulf Organization for Industrial Consulting	Doha
headquarters location	Tuxedo Source for Sports is a Canadian retailer of sports equipment, mainly hockey and bicycles, based in Calgary, Alberta.	Tuxedo Source for Sports	Calgary
headquarters location	CoTherix, Inc. was a biopharmaceutical company located in South San Francisco, California.	CoTherix	South San Francisco
headquarters location	Cala Foods was a supermarket chain operating in San Francisco, California.	Cala Foods	San Francisco
headquarters location	New York Restoration Project, a non-profit organization, is the private partner of Michael Bloomberg's MillionTreesNYC campaign to plant one million new trees in New York City by 2015.	New York Restoration Project	New York City
headquarters location	Lithgows Limited, is a family-owned Scottish company that had a long involvement in shipbuilding, based in Kingston, Port Glasgow on the River Clyde in Scotland.	Lithgows	Port Glasgow
headquarters location	BandPage is a music startup based in San Francisco, California that produces the application BandPage, which powers over 500,000 artists' Pages.	BandPage	San Francisco
headquarters location	Charles-François Galand (1832--1900) was a French gunsmith who worked in Liege and Paris, France.	Charles-François Galand	Paris
headquarters location	The corporation of A. Schaaffhausen'scher Bank Association (German: A. Schaaffhausen'scher Bankverein) was a bank based in Cologne and was the first joint stock company legally recognised as a bank in Germany.	A. Schaaffhausen'scher Bank Association	Cologne
headquarters location	Birds Jute and Export Limited (BJEL) is a Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) of the Government of India and is Headquartered in Kolkata, West Bengal.	Birds Jute and Export	Kolkata
headquarters location	Buquebus is an Argentine company that operates ferry services from Buenos Aires to Montevideo, Colonia and Piriapolis.	Buquebus	Buenos Aires
headquarters location	Kirkegaard Associates is an American acoustics design firm based in Chicago, Illinois, with an office in Denver, Colorado.	Kirkegaard Associates	Chicago
headquarters location	The Petrini's market chain was established in San Francisco and run as a family owned business until 1989, when it was sold to a large corporation, Provigo.	Petrini's	San Francisco
headquarters location	NTT Europe Ltd was founded in 1988 and has its headquarters in London, UK with branch offices in many European locations.	NTT Europe Ltd	London
headquarters location	Hinari is based at Elstree office along with Bush and Grundig UK.	Hinari	Elstree
headquarters location	The Marine Toys for Tots Foundation, a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit public charity located in Triangle, Virginia, serves to fund, raise funds for, and support the program.	Toys for Tots	Triangle
headquarters location	Hyundai Glovis Co., Ltd. is a logistics company headquartered in Seoul, Korea and part of the Hyundai Kia Automotive Group.	Hyundai Glovis	Seoul
headquarters location	Smule is an American mobile app developer headquartered in San Francisco.	Smule	San Francisco
headquarters location	Furness Building Society is a British building society, which has its headquarters in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, England.	Furness Building Society	Barrow-in-Furness
headquarters location	The London Youth Support Trust is a youth enterprise charity in the United Kingdom founded in 2000 to help young people from disadvantaged backgrounds.	London Youth Support Trust	United Kingdom
headquarters location	Southern Scrap Recycling first open up in New Orleans, Louisiana in 1900 where the headquarters still remain.	Southern Scrap Recycling	New Orleans
headquarters location	The official name of the company is Sepanta Communication Development Co. This private company has been held in 2003 by providing dial-up Internet for home users in Tehran.	Sepanta	Tehran
headquarters location	Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane S.p.A. ( INWIT ) is an Italian company headquartered in Milan.	INWIT	Milan
headquarters location	Fairfax Financial is a financial holding company based in Toronto, Ontario, which is engaged in property, casualty, and life insurance and reinsurance, investment management, and insurance claims management.	Fairfax Financial	Toronto
headquarters location	Turner & Townsend plc is a construction and project management consultancy with headquarters in Leeds, United Kingdom.	Turner & Townsend	Leeds
headquarters location	Shuttleworth & Ingersoll P.L.C. is a law firm located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.	Shuttleworth & Ingersoll	Cedar Rapids
headquarters location	Nuklonas (PO Box M-5621) is a former military manufacturer of integrated circuits in Šiauliai, Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic.	Nuklonas	Šiauliai
headquarters location	Chronoswiss is a Swiss watch manufacturer based in Lucerne.	Chronoswiss	Lucerne
headquarters location	In 1984, CP Ships entered a joint venture with Compagnie Maritime Belge called Canada Maritime to secure North Atlantic container traffic for its rail facilities at the Port of Montreal.	CP Ships	Montreal
headquarters location	By 1968 there was a total of three stores trading, Putney, Croydon and Streatham, also in the same year Superdrug acquired its first distribution centre, which was situated in Wimbledon.	Superdrug	Croydon
headquarters location	The Shearwater Aircraft Company is an airplane manufacturing corporation headquartered in Auckland, New Zealand.	Shearwater Aircraft	Auckland
headquarters location	Zoom Vacations is a gay travel provider based in the Chicago, Illinois, United States specializing in high-end group travel for gay men and lesbians.	Zoom Vacations	Chicago
headquarters location	Greenfield Advisors LLC is a real estate and business consulting firm headquartered in Seattle, Washington.	Greenfield Advisors	Seattle
headquarters location	Girardin Minibus Inc. based in Drummondville, Quebec, Canada manufactures buses exclusively for the smaller Type A market; these buses are based on chassis provided from Ford or General Motors.	Girardin Minibus	Drummondville
headquarters location	Based in Dallas, Texas, Ritual Entertainment was formerly known as Hipnotic Interactive, during which period they began development of their signature video game SiN.	Ritual Entertainment	Dallas
headquarters location	Dermalogica is an American personal care company headquartered in Carson, California.	Dermalogica	Carson
headquarters location	It was renamed Türk Ticaret Bankası A.Ş in 1937, and relocated its head office to Istanbul in 1952.	Türk Ticaret Bankası	Istanbul
headquarters location	TD Banknorth, formerly just Banknorth, was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Toronto-Dominion Bank which conducted banking and insurance activities, primarily serving the northeastern area of the United States, headquartered in Portland, Maine.	TD Banknorth	Portland
headquarters location	Equal Exchange is a for-profit Fairtrade worker-owned, cooperative headquartered in West Bridgewater, Massachusetts.	Equal Exchange	West Bridgewater
headquarters location	Turkey Party (Türkiye Partisi, TP) is a liberal conservative party in Turkey, which was founded on 25 May 2009 by Abdüllatif Şener in Çankaya, Ankara.	Turkey Party	Çankaya
headquarters location	Started in 1973 by a small group of women in Toronto who wanted to produce books for Canadian children, the mandate broadened within a few years and Kids Can Press was creating books for kids around the world.	Kids Can Press	Toronto
headquarters location	Swanson Health Products (SHP) is a natural health catalog and Internet marketing company headquartered in Fargo, North Dakota.	Swanson Health Products	Fargo
headquarters location	Pritt is a brand of adhesives, tapes, KidsArt, correction, and fixing products designed and marketed by Henkel, an international company with its headquarters in Düsseldorf, Germany.	Pritt	Düsseldorf
headquarters location	Wizart Animation is a Russian computer animation studio headquartered in Voronezh, Russia.	Wizart Animation	Voronezh
headquarters location	The date of incorporation is listed as 1999 by Companies House of Gibraltar, who class it as a holding company; however it is understood that SIMPLE Group's business and trading activities date to the second part of the 90s, probably as an incorporated body.	SIMPLE Group	Gibraltar
headquarters location	Lyon & Lyon LLP was a Los Angeles-based law firm that specialized in domestic and international intellectual property law matters, with over 100 patent lawyers in six offices in California, New York, and Washington D.C.	Lyon & Lyon	Los Angeles
headquarters location	In its Series A round, Voxy received $4.1 million in funding from investors including Weld North, New York City Investment Fund (NYCIF), Seavest Inc., Contour Venture Partners, and ff Venture Capital.	Voxy	New York City
headquarters location	Adur and Worthing Councils refers to two local government bodies, Adur District Council and Worthing Borough Council, in West Sussex, England, who have operated under a joint management structure, with a single Chief Executive, since 1 April 2008.	Adur and Worthing Councils	West Sussex
headquarters location	Founded in 2012 by Sebastian Diemer and Alexander Graubner-Müller, Kreditech is headquartered in Hamburg, Germany; it particularly focuses its efforts on emerging markets.	Kreditech	Hamburg
headquarters location	Kronenbourg Brewery (Brasseries Kronenbourg) is a brewery founded in 1664 by Geronimus Hatt in Strasbourg (Straßburg), Holy Roman Empire.	Kronenbourg Brewery	Strasbourg
headquarters location	W. H. Malcolm Ltd (trading as the Malcolm Group) is a logistics company based in Linwood, Renfrewshire, Scotland.	Malcolm Group	Linwood, Renfrewshire
headquarters location	Nextpoint is a privately held Chicago based technology company that develops and supports a cloud-based, software as a service, multi-tenant platform enabling corporations, governments and law firms to gain command of electronically stored information.	Nextpoint	Chicago
headquarters location	Tayo Rolls Limited (formerly Tata-Yodogawa Limited) is a metal fabrication and processing company headquartered in Jamshedpur, India and a subsidiary of Tata Steel.	Tayo Rolls	Jamshedpur
headquarters location	PacifiCare Health Systems (former NYSE symbol PHS) was a Fortune 500 healthcare company based in Cypress, California.	PacifiCare Health Systems	Cypress
headquarters location	Eaves Housing for Women (Eaves) is a charitable company based in London.	Eaves Housing for Women	London
headquarters location	Ulster Savings Bank is a state-chartered mutual savings bank headquartered in Kingston, New York, with 14 branches located in the Hudson Valley counties of Ulster, Dutchess, and Greene.	Ulster Savings Bank	Kingston
headquarters location	In Australia, Transurban is the full owner of CityLink in Melbourne, which connects three of the city's major freeways; and has stakes in five tolled motorways in Sydney, and, in five of the six tolled motorways in Brisbane.	Transurban	Melbourne
headquarters location	Under Armour's global headquarters is located in Baltimore, Maryland with additional North American corporate office locations in Austin and Houston Tex.	Under Armour	Baltimore
headquarters location	Corexcel has one location: 201 Webster Building 3411 Silverside Road Wilmington, DE 19810	Corexcel	Wilmington
headquarters location	Acer Records is an independent record label, based in Hazel Grove, Greater Manchester, England, United Kingdom.	Acer Records	Hazel Grove
headquarters location	Reaxion Corp is a Seattle-based mobile game publishing company.	Reaxion	Seattle
headquarters location	Covansys Corporation was a global consulting and technology services company, specializing in outsourcing of personnel and services, headquartered in Farmington Hills, Michigan.	Covansys Corporation	Farmington Hills
headquarters location	Le Courrier d'Orient (Courier of Orient) was a French language newspaper that was published in Greece, first in Patras then in Aegina.	Le Courrier d'Orient	Patras
headquarters location	TopWare Interactive is a video game publisher and developer located in Karlsruhe, Germany.	TopWare Interactive	Karlsruhe
headquarters location	Daxcon Engineering, Inc., is a company headquartered in Bartonville, Illinois, that provides engineering and manufacturing consultation to the Defense & Aerospace, Mining & Construction, Automotive, Consumer Products, and Agriculture industries.	Daxcon	Bartonville
headquarters location	Kundu Special (Bengali: কুন্ডু স্পেশ্যাল) is a Kolkata based Bengali family owned Indian tour operator company that organizes railway-based tours all over India.	Kundu Special	Kolkata
headquarters location	Marvin Glass and Associates (MGA) was a toy design and engineering firm based in Chicago.	Marvin Glass and Associates	Chicago
headquarters location	Management Systems International (MSI) is an international development consulting firm based in Washington, D.C. and founded in 1981 by Marina Fanning and Larry Cooley.	Management Systems International	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Vulcanair is an Italian aircraft manufacturer based in Casoria near Naples.	Vulcanair	Casoria
headquarters location	Harry & David was founded in 1910 by Samuel Rosenberg in Medford, Oregon, as a premium fruit company.	Harry & David	Medford
headquarters location	Robbinex was founded in 1974 by Doug Robbins in Hamilton, Ontario but since then has expanded to include offices throughout Canada and the United States.	Robbinex	Hamilton
headquarters location	The Deutsche Oper am Rhein (German Opera on the Rhine) is an opera company based in Düsseldorf and Duisburg.	Deutsche Oper am Rhein	Düsseldorf
headquarters location	Actv S.p.A. (Azienda del Consorzio Trasporti Veneziano) is a public company responsible for public transportation in Venice and Chioggia municipalities and for interurban bus services in province of Venice.	Actv	Venice
headquarters location	It manages its research and development programs through a public company, Poultry CRC Ltd. The Poultry CRC is headquartered at the University of New England in Armidale, New South Wales, and has an extensive collaborative network comprising researchers, educators and support staff from its participating organisations.	Poultry CRC	Armidale
headquarters location	Chandos Records is a British independent classical music recording company based in Colchester.	Chandos Records	Colchester
headquarters location	Cambia Health Solutions is a nonprofit health insurance corporation based in Portland, Oregon.	Cambia Health Solutions	Portland
headquarters location	Sunday Communications Limited (Former stock number: SEHK: 866,NASDAQ: SDAY) was Hong Kong's smallest mobile communication operator.	Sunday Communications Limited	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Teavana is a specialty tea and tea accessory retailer based in Atlanta, Georgia.	Teavana	Atlanta
headquarters location	Meru Cabs is a taxi aggregator company based in Mumbai, India.	Meru Cabs	Mumbai
headquarters location	SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (Chinese: 數碼通) (0315.HK) is a major telecommunications company, with operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong and Macau.	SmarTone	Hong Kong
headquarters location	ArdShinBank, is an Armenian bank with headquarters in Yerevan.	ArdShinBank	Yerevan
headquarters location	Islamica is an Islamic company founded in Chicago, Illinois that sells apparel, accessories and media marketed towards Muslim youth and cultural fusion.	Islamica	Chicago
headquarters location	New York Times' technology columnist David Pogue describes Zello's channels, ``Like most of the best applications, Zello lets you create groups so that you can carry on something like a party-line phone call among a handful--or hundreds--of friends or collaborators.''	Zello	New York
headquarters location	The Staver was an American automobile manufactured at 76th and Wallace Streets in Chicago, Illinois, by the Staver Carriage Company from 1907 until 1914.	Staver	Chicago
headquarters location	HGGC is based in Palo Alto, California, and has over $2.4 billion of cumulative capital commitments.	HGGC	Palo Alto
headquarters location	The seat of the Riksdag is at Parliament House (Swedish: Riksdagshuset), on the island of Helgeandsholmen in the central parts of Stockholm.	Riksdag	Parliament House
headquarters location	2 Sisters Food Group is a privately owned Birmingham, England-based food manufacturing company.	2 Sisters Food Group	Birmingham
headquarters location	Time Bomb Recordings is a Laguna Beach, California based record label founded by artist manager Jim Guerinot in a 1994 joint-venture agreement with Arista Records.	Time Bomb Recordings	Laguna Beach
headquarters location	The Christian Social People's Party (Luxembourgish: Chrëschtlech Sozial Vollekspartei, French: Parti populaire chrétien social, German: Christlich Soziale Volkspartei), abbreviated to CSV or PCS, is the largest political party in Luxembourg.	Christian Social People's Party	Luxembourg
headquarters location	PSECU or the Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union is a credit union headquartered in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.	PSECU	Harrisburg
headquarters location	The Gatineau River Yacht Club (GRYC) is located on Gatineau River in Chelsea, Quebec, Canada.	Gatineau River Yacht Club	Chelsea, Quebec
headquarters location	P. P. Werlein was an American music publisher based in New Orleans, Louisiana.	P. P. Werlein	New Orleans
headquarters location	HeroCraft is a Russian video game developer and publisher headquartered in Kaliningrad and with offices in Saint Petersburg, Krasnodar, Donetsk and Novokuznetsk.	HeroCraft	Kaliningrad
headquarters location	Türkiye Demiryolu Makinaları Sanayi A.Ş. or TÜDEMSAŞ is a rail car builder headquartered in Sivas, Turkey.	TÜDEMSAŞ	Sivas
headquarters location	The Ryan Aeronautical Company was founded by T. Claude Ryan in San Diego, California in 1934.	Ryan Aeronautical	San Diego
headquarters location	John Nosler sold the production facilities to his son in 1988, and died at his home in Bend, Oregon, on 10 October 2010.	Nosler	Bend
headquarters location	Rockwell made numerous changes, including phasing out the Porter-Cable name, relocating the company's base of operations to Jackson, Tennessee, and creating a lower end of power tools to compete with Black & Decker.	Porter-Cable	Jackson
headquarters location	The Ten Thousand Villages headquarters is currently located in Akron, Pennsylvania.	Ten Thousand Villages	Akron
headquarters location	Capital City Distribution was a Madison, Wisconsin-based comic book distributor which operated from 1980 to 1996 when they were acquired by rival Diamond Comics Distributors.	Capital City Distribution	Madison
headquarters location	Platfora, Inc. is a big data analytics company based in San Mateo, California.	Platfora	San Mateo
headquarters location	Rádio Clube do Mindelo is a local radio station in Cape Verde broadcast in the Portuguese language.	Rádio Clube do Mindelo	Cape Verde
headquarters location	SoftMaker Software GmbH is a software company that produces office software and is located in Nuremberg, Germany.	SoftMaker	Nuremberg
headquarters location	Löwenbräu (/ˈlɜrvənbrɔɪ/ (without rhoticity), US /ˈloʊ.ənbraʊ/; German pronunciation: (ˈløːvn̩bʁɔʏ)) is a brewery in Munich owned by Anheuser-Busch InBev.	Löwenbräu	Munich
headquarters location	The Black Fish is an international marine conservation organisation based in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	The Black Fish	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Frey Wille GmbH & Co KG, usually branded as FREYWILLE, is an enamel jewellery manufacturer based in Vienna, Austria founded in 1951.	Frey Wille	Vienna
headquarters location	The National Motor Vehicle Company was an American manufacturer of automobiles in Indianapolis, Indiana between 1900 and 1924.	National Motor Vehicle Company	Indianapolis
headquarters location	Today, Airbus Helicopters has four main plants in Europe (Marignane and La Courneuve in France, and Donauwörth and Kassel in Germany), plus 32 subsidiaries and participants around the world, including those in Brisbane, Australia, Albacete, Spain and Grand Prairie, USA.	Airbus Helicopters	Kassel
headquarters location	Canwest Global Communications Corporation, which operated under the corporate brand Canwest, was a major Canadian media company based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, with its head offices at Canwest Place.	Canwest	Winnipeg
headquarters location	Merchandize Liquidators has two warehouses in Miami Gardens, Florida, and a warehouse solutions company in North Carolina.	Merchandize Liquidators	Miami Gardens
headquarters location	PowerGenix is a San Diego-based company developing rechargeable batteries, Nickel-zinc (NiZn) and recycling batteries.	PowerGenix	San Diego
headquarters location	Rabobank (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈraːboːbɑŋk); full name: Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.) is a Dutch multinational banking and financial services company headquartered in Utrecht, the Netherlands.	Rabobank	Utrecht
headquarters location	Ventions, LLC is a launch vehicle development company based out of San Francisco, California, that has been working to develop pump-fed, liquid bipropellant propulsion engines for DARPA and NASA.	Ventions	San Francisco
headquarters location	Somali Energy Company (SECO) is a private energy firm based in Mogadishu, Somalia.	Somali Energy Company	Mogadishu
headquarters location	Golden Emperor International Ltd. or commonly known as GeIL is a manufacturer of computer hardware components, based in Taipei, Taiwan with focus in DRAM and flash based memory products since 1993.	GeIL	Taipei
headquarters location	FXpansion is a company that develops music software, and was founded in 1999 in London, United Kingdom.	FXpansion	London
inception	Sigma Kappa (ΣΚ) is a sorority founded in 1874 at Colby College in Waterville, Maine.	Sigma Kappa	1874
inception	The California Film Commission (CFC) was founded in 1985 by then California Governor George Deukmejian to act in an economic development capacity for the state.	California Film Commission	1985
inception	Ormskirk School is a secondary comprehensive in West Lancashire, England, created in September 2001 by the amalgamation of two schools in Ormskirk --	Ormskirk School	2001
inception	The Arctic Corsair (H320) is a deep-sea trawler that was converted to a museum ship in 1999.	Arctic Corsair	1999
inception	The Black Sash was a non-violent white women's resistance organization founded on 19 May 1955 in South Africa by Jean Sinclair, Ruth Foley, Elizabeth McLaren, Tertia Pybus, Jean Bosazza, and Helen Newton-Thompson.	Black Sash	1955
inception	Steel Seal is an Italian Neoclassical Power Metal band that formed in 2003 by guitar player and main songwriter, Marco Valerio Zangani (Sacer Tiber), and vocalist Bruno Baudo, bassist Roberto Fasciani and the keyboardist Adriano Rossi.	Steel Seal	2003
inception	Aqua Books Lansdowne Prize for Poetry/prix Lansdowne de poésie, established in 2007, is awarded annually to the best full length adult book of poetry in either French or English by a resident of Manitoba, Canada.	Aqua Books Lansdowne Prize for Poetry	2007
inception	The Order of Christ Sophia (OCS) is an organization that was founded in 1999 and went through a major reorganization in 2012.	The Order of Christ Sophia	1999
inception	Penola Catholic College is the result of the amalgamation in 1995 of three Catholic secondary schools - Therry College, Geoghegan College and Sancta Sophia College.	Penola Catholic College	1995
inception	Be'er Ora was founded in 2001 as part of a program to populate the Arava and to bring people from central Israel to the Negev, which was determined to be a preferred place for new settlement.	Be'er Ora	2001
inception	ABN Andhra Jyothi is a Telugu news channel which was launched on 15 October 2009 from the stable of the Telugu daily --	ABN Andhra Jyothi	2009
inception	Founded in 1961 by three friends (painter Desmond Knox-Leet, set designer Yves Coueslant, and Christiane Gautrot, who was working in an architecture firm), Diptyque originally produced printed fabrics, but in 1963 they introduced a line of scented candles which eventually became the focus of their business.	Diptyque	1961
inception	The former Ogden Air Logistics Center was re-designated as the Ogden Air Logistics Complex on 12 July 2012.	Ogden Air Logistics Complex	2012
inception	In 1999 the old G. Heileman Brewing Company's former brewery buildings in La Crosse were bought by a group of investors who founded the City Brewing Company.	City Brewing Company	1999
inception	Keystone State Skinheads was founded in late 2001 by five men from Harrisburg, PA.	Keystone State Skinheads	2001
inception	The Edinburgh Medal is a scientific medal given at the Edinburgh Science Festival since 1989.	Edinburgh Medal	1989
inception	Lehigh County Historical Society is a nonprofit organization, founded in 1904, dedicated to collecting, preserving, and exhibiting the history of Lehigh County, Pennsylvania and the Lehigh Valley.	Lehigh County Historical Society	1904
inception	The 19th Algerian Parachute Battalion (Fr: 19e bataillon de parachutistes algériens) was a French paratroop battalion formed in French Algeria in 1950.	19th Algerian Parachute Battalion	1950
inception	Fort Knocks Entertainment is an American East Coast hip hop and R&B record label founded in 2004 by record producer, Just Blaze.	Fort Knocks Entertainment	2004
inception	Life's Blood was a hardcore punk band formed by four first year college students in New York City in 1987.	Life's Blood	1987
inception	OK Soda was a soft drink created by The Coca-Cola Company in 1993 that aggressively courted the Generation X demographic with unusual advertising tactics, including endorsements and even outright negative publicity.	OK Soda	1993
inception	Likhoslavl developed on the spot where localities of Ostashkovo (Осташково, founded in 1624) and Likhoslavl (first mentioned in the early 19th century) once stood.	Likhoslavl	1624
inception	Destroy! was an American crust punk band from Minneapolis from 1988 to 1994.	Destroy!	1988
inception	Ingles began in 1963 when Robert P. Ingle opened its first location in Asheville, North Carolina.	Ingles	1963
inception	Tiger Racing (Tiger Sportscars) is a kit car manufacturer, formed as Tiger Cars Ltd in London in 1989 by Jim Dudley.	Tiger Racing	1989
inception	CS Balotești is a Romanian football club from Balotești, Ilfov County founded in 2006.	CS Balotești	2006
inception	The Venice Marathon (Italian: Maratona di Venezia) is a marathon road race that has been held each year in Venice since 1986, usually in October.	Venice Marathon	1986
inception	Blonde Redhead is an alternative rock band composed of Kazu Makino (vocals, rhythm guitar) and twin brothers Simone and Amedeo Pace (drums and lead guitar/vocals, respectively) that formed in New York City in 1993.	Blonde Redhead	1993
inception	Capone-N-Noreaga (also known as C-N-N) is an American hip hop duo formed in 1995, from Queens, New York City, New York.	Capone-N-Noreaga	1995
inception	The Swing Sisters originally was formed to take part in the musical Swing Sisters in Denmark in the autumn of 1992.	Swing Sisters	1992
inception	The Association of British Counties (ABC) is a non-party-political society formed in 1989 by television personality Russell Grant to promote the historic counties of the United Kingdom.	Association of British Counties	1989
inception	Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport is an Australian motor racing team, established late in 2009, which competes in V8 Supercars.	Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport	2009
inception	Brick Mower (sometimes stylized brick mower) are a punk rock band formed in 2009 in New Brunswick, New Jersey.	Brick Mower	2009
inception	The Pete Walter Band are a pop group formed by the singer and songwriter Pete Walter in 2009.	The Pete Walter Band	2009
inception	The first Maramfest was held on 16 January 2009 at Helipad Ground, Maram Centre,.	Maramfest	2009
inception	CSTVT began in 2009 under the name Castevet.	CSTVT	2009
inception	Cal Air International was initially conceived in early 1982 after the sudden demise of Laker Airways which had left a large gap in the UK Inclusive tour/charter market.	Cal Air International	1982
inception	It was founded in 1943 and incorporated as a nonprofit association in 1981.PEN Center USA incorporated as a non-profit organization in 1981.	PEN Center USA	1943
inception	Saint Brendan's College is a Christian Brothers secondary school founded in 1956, and located in Woodbrook, Bray, Dún Laoghaire--	Saint Brendan's College	1956
inception	``Woodchopper's Ball'', also known as ``At the Woodchopper's Ball'' is a 1939 jazz composition by Joe Bishop and Woody Herman.	Woodchopper's Ball	1939
inception	The co-creator of the now popular netbook, Xandros was founded in May 2001 by Linux Global Partners (Will Roseman and Dr. Frederick Berenstein), the company is headquartered in New York City.	Xandros	2001
inception	Ocean View Hills School opened in temporary buildings in 2001 with a capacity of about over 1,000 students students.	Ocean View Hills School	2001
inception	The Crown Estate now is a statutory corporation run on commercial lines by the Crown Estate Commissioners under the provisions of the Crown Estate Act 1961.	Crown Estate	1961
inception	The Chicago Mosaic School was founded in 2005 by mosaic artist Karen Ami.	Chicago Mosaic School	2005
inception	The Democratic Patriotic Alliance of Kurdistan (DPAK) sometimes referred to simply as the Kurdistan Alliance (KA) is the name of the electoral coalition first presented as a united Kurdish list in the January 2005 election in Iraq.	Democratic Patriotic Alliance of Kurdistan	2005
inception	Sociological Association of Aotearoa (New Zealand) (SAANZ, or SAA(NZ)) was established in February 1988 from the transformation of the New Zealand Sociological Association, a branch of the Sociological Association of Australia and New Zealand (SAANZ).	Sociological Association of Aotearoa (New Zealand)	1988
inception	Official permission of Incheon Science High School foundation 1 March 1994:	Incheon Science High School	1994
inception	Oceania Cruises was founded in 2002 by luxury cruise industry veterans Joe Watters and Frank Del Rio, the latter being the former vice president of Renaissance Cruises.	Oceania Cruises	2002
inception	The Cockburn Association (Edinburgh's Civic Trust) is one of the world's oldest architectural conservation and urban planning monitoring organisations, founded in 1875.	Cockburn Association	1875
inception	The Pontifical Equestrian Order of St. Gregory the Great (Latin: Ordo Sancti Gregorii Magni, Italian: Ordine di San Gregorio Magno) was established on 1 September 1831, by Pope Gregory XVI, seven months after his election to that seat by the College of Cardinals.	Order of St. Gregory the Great	1 September 1831
inception	The Reichsuniversität Straßburg (RUS) was founded 1941 by the National Socialists in Alsace, annexed to Nazi Germany, while the regular University of Strasbourg had moved to Clermont-Ferrand since 1940.	Reichsuniversität Straßburg	1941
inception	Musica a Palazzo is a cultural association of classical musicians who, since 2005, have produced opera performances staged in the Palazzo Barbarigo Minotto, a Venetian Gothic palace facing the Grand Canal.	Musica a Palazzo	2005
inception	Kanbar Entertainment is an independent film production studio founded by private investor Maurice Kanbar and Disney animation veteran Sue Bea Montgomery in 2002.	Kanbar Entertainment	2002
inception	The Kosovo Police has grown steadily since 1999, and in 2004 reached its planned full size of nearly 7,000 officers.	Kosovo Police	1999
inception	In 1985, it was granted full university status, and was renamed Kenyatta University.	Kenyatta University	1985
inception	The Bluescasters is an American, Michigan-based blues band formed in 2004 in Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States, who play in a style somewhat reminiscent of the Allman Brothers' Trouble No More.	The Bluescasters	2004
inception	Established in 1993 after the Queensland Government purchased Diamantina Lakes Station in 1992 and gazetted the property as a national park with an area of 507,000 ha (1,250,000 acres), Diamantina National Park received an award in March 2007 from the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) for being among the top 10 reserves of the decade.	Diamantina National Park	1993
inception	National Sorry Day is an annual event that has been held in Australia on 26 May, since 1998, to remember and commemorate the mistreatment of the country's indigenous population.	National Sorry Day	1998
inception	31G Records, or Three One G, is a San Diego, California based independent record label, started by hardcore musician Justin Pearson in 1994.	Three One G	1994
inception	Tipe-X is a ska band formed in Jakarta, Indonesia in 1995.	Tipe-X	1995
inception	Richer Unsigned was set up by Julian Richer in association with Q magazine in 2014 as a not for profit organisation with the aim of supporting all musicians who may be just getting started, have been in the industry a while or simply don't have a great label deal.	Richer Unsigned	2014
inception	18 April 1988 Many political, logistical, administrative and most of all financial hurdles had to be overcome before the official foundation of Luxembourg Air Rescue (LAR A.s.b.l.)	Luxembourg Air Rescue	1988
inception	AppDynamics was founded in 2008 by Jyoti Bansal, a former lead software architect at Wily Technologies, a provider of application performance management technology.	AppDynamics	2008
inception	In September 2010, the five-star Lotte Hotel Moscow opened its doors for guests.	Lotte Hotel Moscow	2010
inception	The Military Museum of the Legion was established in 1940 to celebrate the Spanish Legion.	Military Museum of the Legion	1940
inception	Lonely Crowd has existed in different forms since 1995, when singer Stig Jakobsen left the wildly eccentric Vampire State Building and immediately formed the band, with former members of De Press and Holy Toy.	Lonely Crowd	1995
inception	The Church of Euthanasia (also known as CoE) is a religious organization founded by Reverend Chris Korda and Pastor Kim (Robert Kimberk) in the Boston, Massachusetts area of the United States Of America in 1992.	Church of Euthanasia	1992
inception	The Iraqi National Accord (Arabic: الوفاق الوطني العراقي Al-Wifaq Al-Watani Al-'Iraqi) known inside Iraq as Wifaq is an Iraqi political party founded by Iyad Allawi and Salah Omar al-Ali in 1991.	Iraqi National Accord	1991
inception	The Music were an English alternative rock band, formed in Kippax, Leeds in 1999.	The Music	1999
inception	THAI Airways has its origins in 1960 as a joint venture between Scandinavian Airlines (SAS), which held a 30 percent share of the new company valued at 2 million Thai baht, and Thailand's domestic carrier, Thai Airways Company (Thai: เดินอากาศไทย).	Thai Airways	1960
inception	MSD Capital was formed in 1998 to manage the wealth of Michael Dell and his family.	MSD Capital	1998
inception	WLTO originally signed on the air in 1988 as a Urban Contemporary outlet with the call letters WCKU (U102), but by the early 1994 they would flip to Classic Rock as WLRO, only to switch directions to oldies as WLTO.	WLTO	1988
inception	Once just the vision of four UVa students in the winter of 1988, the Sil'hooettes are now the most award-winning women's group at UVa and continue to be one of the premier women's groups in the country.	Sil'hooettes	1988
inception	Accelerated Christian Education is an American educational products company founded in 1970 by Dr. Donald R. Howard which produces the Accelerated Christian Education (ACE) school curriculum.	Accelerated Christian Education	1970
inception	Silent Orchestra was formed in 1998 to bring live music and sound design to classic and contemporary silent films.	Silent Orchestra	1998
inception	Th' Faith Healers were a UK indie rock group who were active between 1990 and 1994 and part of the so-called Camden lurch scene.	Th' Faith Healers	1990
inception	Overseas Containers Limited (OCL) was a container shipping company formed by a consortium of British shipping companies in 1965.	Overseas Containers	1965
inception	The first Babetta mopeds to see the light of day in 1970 featured very large 23-inch wheels, but these were soon swapped out in favour of smaller 16-inch wheels.	Babetta	1970
inception	Headquartered in the Silicon Valley, Zultys Technologies was founded by Ian Milnes in 2001 as a privately held company.	Zultys	2001
inception	Mikroelektronika was founded in 1997 by Nebojša Matić, Serbian entrepreneur, owner and general manager.	Mikroelektronika	1997
inception	The WPA World Eight-ball Championship (W8BC) was a professional eight-ball pocket billiards (pool) tournament held in Fujairah, United Arab Emirates, since 2004 till 2012.	WPA World Eight-ball Championship	2004
inception	3G Capital is a Brazilian multibillion-dollar global investment firm, founded in 2004 by principals Jorge Paulo Lemann, Carlos Alberto Sicupira, Marcel Herrmann Telles and Roberto Thompson Motta.	3G Capital	2004
inception	The Cover Girls began its musical career in 1986, at a time when other American and British girl groups such as Exposé, Bananarama, Seduction, Sweet Sensation and Company B were scoring hit singles on the pop and dance charts.	The Cover Girls	1986
inception	The MLB Japan All-Star Series is a set of games played since 1986 between All-Star teams from North America's Major League Baseball (MLB) and Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB), except 2014, where the Japanese national team competed against the MLB All-Stars.	MLB Japan All-Star Series	1986
inception	HubSpot was founded by Brian Halligan and Dharmesh Shah out of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 2006.	HubSpot	2006
inception	Founded in 2003, Petrohawk grew rapidly through mergers and acquisitions.	Petrohawk	2003
inception	Nokas Cash Handling was established in 2001, when services previously provided by the Bank of Norway and several individual banks were taken over by a third party.	Nokas Cash Handling	2001
inception	Devil Sold His Soul are an ambient influenced metalcore band from London, formed in 2004 and signed to Basick Records.	Devil Sold His Soul	2004
inception	Founded in 1997, Cincinnati Public Theatre was a professional theatre company in Cincinnati, Ohio dedicated to producing ``edgy'' and challenging works such as the plays of Nicky Silver and Robert Schenkkan's dramatic marathon, The Kentucky Cycle.	Cincinnati Public Theatre	1997
inception	The President, Directors and Company, of the Bank of the United States, commonly known as the First Bank of the United States, was a national bank, chartered for a term of twenty years, by the United States Congress on February 25, 1791.	First Bank of the United States	1791
inception	Hallingskarvet National Park (Norwegian: Hallingskarvet nasjonalpark) is a national park in central Norway that was established by the government on 22 December 2006.	Hallingskarvet National Park	2006
inception	Mashable was created by Pete Cashmore from his home in Aberdeen, Scotland, in July 2005.	Mashable	July 2005
inception	Legend Production Holdings, LLC predecessor, Legend Natural Gas LP, was formed in 2001 by James A. Winne III and Michael Becci, serving as President and CEO and Vice President and CFO, respectively.	Legend Natural Gas	2001
inception	Tuareg militias of Ghat are ethnic Tuareg tribal militias, operating in West Libya desert areas during the Libyan Crisis (2011-present).	Tuareg militias of Ghat	2011
inception	Frosthardr is a Norwegian Christian unblack metal band, formed in 1997.	Frosthardr	1997
inception	The Spokane Spokes were a minor league professional ice hockey team that operated from 1958-1960 in the Western Hockey League.	Spokane Spokes	1958
inception	National Resource Centre for Free/Open Source Software (NRCFOSS) is an organisation created and financed in India by the Department of Information Technology, Ministry of Communication and Information Technology, Government of India in April 2005.	National Resource Centre for Free/Open Source Software	2005
inception	The Geffen Award is an annual literary award given by the Israeli Society for Science Fiction and Fantasy since 1999, and presented at the Annual Science Fiction and Fantasy Convention, ICon Festival.	Geffen Award	1999
inception	Named after its founder, the company was established in 1984 when James Currey, originally from South Africa, left his position at Heinemann Educational Books to set up an Africa-focused publisher.	James Currey	1984
inception	By 1981, the centralized system became too burdensome and the decision was made to re-establish the three separate institutions: the University of Kinshasa, Kisangani University, and the University of Lubumbashi.	University of Kinshasa	1981
inception	The June Movement (Danish: JuniBevægelsen) was a Danish eurosceptic political organisation founded 23 August 1992.	June Movement	1992
inception	The United Alignment of Nationalists (Greek: Ηνωμένη Παράταξις Εθνικοφρόνων) was a right-wing political alliance in Greece formed to contest the 1946 elections.	United Alignment of Nationalists	1946
inception	Nine Pound Hammer is an American cowpunk band formed in 1985 by vocalist Scott Luallen and guitarist Blaine Cartwright (later of Nashville Pussy) in their hometown of Owensboro, Kentucky.	Nine Pound Hammer	1985
inception	Finnwatch started operating November 1, 2002 as a cooperation project of some civic organisations and trade unions.	Finnwatch	2002
inception	Matra BAe Dynamics was formed in August 1996 by merger of half the missile business of Matra Defense of France and BAe Dynamics (a division of British Aerospace) of the UK and was Europe's largest manufacturer of missiles and UAVs.	Matra BAe Dynamics	1996
inception	JazzKamikaze (established 2005 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is an award winning Contemporary jazz band with members from Denmark, Norway and Sweden, known for a series of albums and appearances on international jazz festivals like the North Sea Jazz Festival and Moldejazz.	JazzKamikaze	2005
inception	Spokane Shine is an American women's soccer team, founded in 2010 in the city of Spokane.	Spokane Shine	2010
inception	The State Basketball League was founded in 1989 and was the brain-child of the then CEO of BWA, Alan Marshall.	State Basketball League	1989
inception	The Nikon F5 is a 35 mm film-based single-lens reflex camera body manufactured by Nikon from 1996 through 2004.	Nikon F5	1996
inception	A. Korkunov (Russian: А.Коркунов) is a luxury chocolate maker in Russia, founded in 1999 by two entrepreneurs, Andrey Korkunov and Sergey Lyapuntsov.	A. Korkunov	1999
inception	Sunscreem released a 12`` promo of ''Love U More`` on the Sony Soho Square record label in 1991, a song that went on to spend two weeks at #1 on the U.S. Dance chart in March 1993.	Sunscreem	1991
inception	The Nikon D90 is a 12.3-megapixel digital single-lens reflex camera model announced by Nikon on August 27, 2008.	Nikon D90	2008
inception	Street Dogs are an American punk rock band from Boston, MA, formed in 2002 by former Dropkick Murphys singer Mike McColgan.	Street Dogs	2002
inception	Natural Resources Wales (Welsh: Cyfoeth Naturiol Cymru) is a Welsh Government sponsored body, which became operational from 1 April 2013, when it took over the management of the natural resources of Wales.	Natural Resources Wales	1 April 2013
inception	Art of Anarchy is an American hard rock supergroup formed in 2011.	Art of Anarchy	2011
inception	Anesrif was founded by the government of Algeria on 20 July 2005, in order to plan and invest in the expansion and modernisation of the country's railways, under the supervision of the Minister of Transport.	Anesrif	2005
inception	Alcorn McBride was founded in Southern California in 1986 by Steve Alcorn, an engineer who worked on Epcot and served as vice president of engineering for Linn Electronics, an electronic musical instrument manufacturer.	Alcorn McBride	1986
inception	Office of Future Plans is a music project that was started in 2009 by J. Robbins, the former bassist of Government Issue and frontman/guitarist of Jawbox, Burning Airlines and Channels.	Office of Future Plans	2009
inception	In June 2014, the Ottawa Champions team name was announced followed by the unveiling of the team logo that August.	Ottawa Champions	2014
inception	Soulcage are a heavy metal band formed in Helsinki, Finland in 1999.	Soulcage	1999
inception	Aeolian Airlines was founded in February 2011, and commenced operations in March 2011 with a single McDonnell Douglas MD-83.	Aeolian Airlines	2011
inception	In 1045 Emperor Henry III granted Schänis Abbey royal immunity and free election of its abbesses.	Schänis Abbey	1045
inception	Daybehavior is a Swedish indie-pop trio, founded in Stockholm, in 1993 by Tommy Arell, Paulinda Crescentini and Carl Hammar.	Daybehavior	1993
inception	Wales Centre for Health (Canolfan Iechyd Cymru in Welsh) is a statutory organisation established on 1 April 2005, under the Health (Wales) Act 2003, as a Welsh Assembly Sponsored Public Body.	Wales Centre for Health	2005
inception	The New Swears was formed in 2012 in Ottawa, Ontario and is comprised of brothers Beej Eh and Sammy J. Scorpion, Nick Nofun, and Scru Bar.	New Swears	2012
inception	The Newbery Medal was inaugurated in 1922, considering books published in 1921.	Newbery Medal	1922
inception	The Marine Corps Security Guard Ribbon is a Marine Corps military award that was established by order of Secretary of the Navy John Howard Dalton on July 15, 1997.	Marine Corps Security Guard Ribbon	1997
inception	The Negros Slashers also known as the RCPI-Negros Slashers was a professional basketball team in the Metropolitan Basketball Association from 1998 to 2002.	Negros Slashers	1998
inception	Lucilectric was a German pop/rock duo founded in 1993 by Luci van Org and producer Ralf Goldkind.	Lucilectric	1993
inception	Baltos lankos (literally: white plains originating from a popular folk riddle white plains, black sheep), founded in 1992, is a Lithuania-based publishing house specializing in the humanities and literature.	Baltos lankos	1992
inception	In 1994, Country Leather opened its own shop in Redondo Beach, California and Ugg Holdings began sourcing ugg boots directly from Jackson's, who had changed their name to EMU Australia when surf veteran Andrew Raggett took over ownership of the company.	EMU Australia	1994
inception	Gatas Parlament started out in 1993, taking the name Kveldens Høydepunkt (Highlight of the Evening).	Gatas Parlament	1993
inception	Created in 1997, the MadHatters are the first established a cappella group on the UW-Madison campus.	MadHatters	1997
inception	Brussels Jazz Orchestra is a Belgian jazz orchestra with big band line up founded in 1993 by saxophonist and composer Frank Vaganée, Serge Plume, Marc Godfroid and Bo van der Werf.	Brussels Jazz Orchestra	1993
inception	The Advance Bank was an Australian bank that existed from 1985 until 1997, when it merged with St George Bank.	Advance Bank	1985
inception	Fox Life Greece is a television network, launched by the Fox International Channels, which launched on 1 December 2008 and is currently available to the subscribers of NOVA Greece, OTE TV and Cyta TV.	Fox Life Greece	2008
inception	I.P. Mission High School Jhalod was established by Irish missionary Dr. Jean Shaom in 1987.	I.P. Mission High School Jhalod	1987
inception	Shamrock Holdings Inc. was founded in 1978 as an investment company by Roy E. Disney.	Shamrock Holdings	1978
inception	Guylian (Dutch pronunciation: ('ɡilijan)) is a Belgian chocolate manufacturer founded by Guy Foubert in 1960.	Guylian	1960
inception	Bob Forbes Racing was an Australian motor racing team that competed in the Australian Touring Car Championship between 1988 and 1993.	Bob Forbes Racing	1988
inception	Chloride Group was founded in 1891 as The Chloride Electrical Syndicate Limited to manufacture batteries.	Chloride Group	1891
inception	Exodus Global Alliance was formed out of Exodus International in 2004.	Exodus Global Alliance	2004
inception	Dead Swans is an English hardcore punk band from Brighton, formed in 2006.	Dead Swans	2006
inception	The Golden Centennaires were a Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) aerobatic flying team that performed in 1967, the Canadian Centennial year.	Golden Centennaires	1967
inception	The college began as the Ilkeston College of Further Education on 14 September 1953, the official opening ceremony took place on 25 June 1954, the college became South East Derbyshire College of Further Education in 1966.	South East Derbyshire College	1953
inception	Metropolitan University Prague (Czech: Metropolitní univerzita Praha) is a private university in the Czech Republic founded in 2001 as the University of Public Administration and International Relations.	Metropolitan University Prague	2001
inception	The Shops at Columbus Circle is an urban shopping mall in the Time Warner Center in Manhattan, New York City -- a complex of skyscrapers that was completed in 2003.	The Shops at Columbus Circle	2003
inception	The Swiss Bowl is the annual national championship game in the sport of American football in Switzerland, first held in 1986.	Swiss Bowl	1986
inception	Hamster Theatre was formed by multi-instrumentalists Dave Willey and Jon Stubbs in 1993.	Hamster Theatre	1993
inception	The station that is now KDGS was assigned a construction permit for 93.9 FM on July 23, 1993, and issued as KOAS.	KDGS	1993
inception	The CUNY Aviation Institute (AI) at York College, City University of New York, United States was established in 2003 by a grant from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to promote education and research for the aviation industry.	CUNY Aviation Institute	2003
inception	Infineon Technologies AG is a German semiconductor manufacturer founded on 1 April 1999, when the semiconductor operations of the parent company Siemens AG were spun off to form a separate legal entity.	Infineon Technologies	1999
inception	The University of Warwick Science Park (also known as UWSP and Warwick Science Park) was one of the first university based science parks in the United Kingdom when it was opened by the Rt. Hon. Margaret Thatcher in 1984.	University of Warwick Science Park	1984
inception	United Dairy Farmers (UDF) is an American chain of shops offering ice cream and other dairy products started by Carl Lindner, Sr. and his children, Carl, Jr., Robert, Richard and Dorothy, in 1938.	United Dairy Farmers	1938
inception	Myxer was a streaming internet radio company founded in Deerfield Beach, Florida in 2005.	Myxer	2005
inception	Nirvan Mullick and Harley Cross founded the Imagination Foundation in 2012 inspired by the viral global response to Mullick's short film, ``Caine's Arcade''.	Imagination Foundation	2012
inception	The Panathinaikos Movement (Greek: Παναθηναικό Κίνημα) is a Greek political party, founded in 2012.	Panathinaikos Movement	2012
inception	Tealium is an American company founded in 2008 in San Diego, California that sells enterprise tag management and marketing software.	Tealium	2008
inception	The Kyrgyz Trans Avia fleet is the following aircraft (as of April 2012): 1 Airbus A300B4 (operated for Mahan Air) 1 Airbus A310-300 (operated for Mahan Air) As of May 19, 2009, the average fleet age is 18.5 years.	Kyrgyz Trans Avia	2009
inception	The Excellence League (a.k.a. E9 League) (simplified Chinese: 卓越联盟; traditional Chinese: 卓越聯盟; pinyin: Zhuóyuè Liánméng) is an alliance of 10 Chinese universities established in 2010.	Excellence League	2010
inception	The Coalition for Comprehensive Immigration Reform (CCIR), also known as CCIR/NAOC or New American Opportunity Campaign is a non-profit immigrant rights advocacy organization based in Washington, DC, established in 2003 to pass comprehensive immigration reform.	Coalition for Comprehensive Immigration Reform	2003
inception	Max Design was founded in 1991 by the brothers Albert Lasser and Martin Lasser together with Wilfried Reiter.	Max Design	1991
inception	A Thousand Horses is an American country music group formed in 2010 in Nashville, Tennessee.	A Thousand Horses	2010
inception	Valitor was founded in 1983 by five banks and thirteen savings banks under the name Visa Iceland.	Valitor	1983
inception	ACOLOP (acronym for Associação dos Comités Olímpicos de Língua Oficial Portuguesa; English: Association of the Portuguese Speaking Olympic Committees), is an Olympic-related non-profit organisation officially established on June 8, 2004, in Lisbon.	ACOLOP	2004
inception	The original Angelika Film Center & Café opened in New York City's NoHo neighborhood in 1989.	Angelika Film Center	1989
inception	The Hague Jazz is an annual jazz festival held since 2006 in the World Forum Convention Center in The Hague.	The Hague Jazz	2006
inception	Run the Jewels is an American hip hop supergroup formed by New York City-based rapper-producer El-P and Atlanta-based rapper Killer Mike in 2013.	Run the Jewels	2013
inception	The Prix Combourg-Chateaubriand is a French literary award founded in 1998 by Herve Louboutin, Philippe de Saint Robert and Sonia de La Tour du Pin.	Prix Combourg-Chateaubriand	1998
inception	The New Symphony Orchestra was founded in 1991 in Sofia, Bulgaria by the music critic Julia Hristova as an alternative to the existing Bulgarian musical institutions (which had been financially supported and controlled by the state until the fall of Communism in 1989).	New Symphony Orchestra	1991
inception	The Hammond Clock Company of Chicago, Illinois, produced electric clocks between 1928 and 1941.	Hammond Clock Company	1928
inception	Darius Films is a film and television production founded in 1996.	Darius Films	1996
inception	Fort Hope are a British rock band formed in 2013 after the disbandment of electronic rock band My Passion in 2012.	Fort Hope	2013
inception	Salt the Wound is an American deathcore band from Cleveland, Ohio, formed in 2001.	Salt the Wound	2001
inception	Founded in the summer of 1997, FutureSource.com was an information and analysis provider for the metals markets, providing users with real-time quotes and news displays to charting, technical analysis and options analysis and simulation.	FutureSource.com	1997
inception	Woodfest Wales (Welsh: Gŵyl Coed Cymru) is an annual wood carving event that was first held on 8--9 June 2002 in St Asaph, and attracted more than 18,000 visitors in 2004.	Woodfest Wales	2002
inception	AirTouch Communications was a U.S.-based wireless telephone service provider, created as a spin-off on Pacific Telesis on April 1, 1994.	AirTouch	1994
inception	The brand OMORÉ was introduced in 2009.	OMORÉ	2009
inception	The Euro Pop Contest (German: Euro Pop Contest ``Berliner Perle''), often shortened to Euro Pop or EPC, is an annual song competition for young people held in Berlin, Germany by the non-profit organization Music, Accuracy and Veranstaltulgen eV since 2003.	Euro Pop Contest	2003
inception	Cold Meat Industry was a Swedish independent record label established in 1987, which specializes in Dark ambient, Death Industrial, Noise music and Neo-Classical.	Cold Meat Industry	1987
inception	The Kentucky Thoroughblades were a minor professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League, who existed from 1996 to 2001.	Kentucky Thoroughblades	1996
inception	It is the result of the merger, on 1 January 2015, of the communes of Saint-Offenge-Dessous and Saint-Offenge-Dessus.	Saint-Offenge	1 January 2015
inception	Feiyr is a digital music distribution service founded in 2005.	Feiyr	2005
inception	Since their foundation on 2 March 1914 Enköpings SK has participated mainly in the middle and upper divisions of the Swedish football league system.	Enköpings SK	1914
inception	TV 2 Zulu is a Danish television station which started broadcasting on 15 October 2000.	TV 2 Zulu	15 October 2000
inception	Bergamot Station held its official opening on September 17, 1994.	Bergamot Station	1994
inception	Balsam Range is a bluegrass and acoustic music group founded in 2007 in Haywood County, N.C. They are the 2014 IBMA ``Entertainer of the Year'' recipients as well as the 2014 IBMA ``Vocal Group of the Year'' winners.	Balsam Range	2007
inception	Real Ones also known as Reelones, is a Folk/rock band from Bergen, Norway, which was formed in 1994 when the members were 14 and 15 years of age.	Real Ones	1994
inception	The Burji dynasty (Arabic: المماليك البرجية‎) was a Circassian Mamluk dynasty which ruled Egypt from 1382 until 1517, during the Mamluk Sultanate.	Burji dynasty	1382
inception	Always Active Technologies (AAT) is a Wireless Application Service Provider (WASP) established in August 2001 and based in Durban, South Africa.	Always Active Technologies	2001
inception	Jacob Rothschild left the Board of N M Rothschild & Sons and took sole control of the Rothschild Investment Trust, which he renamed ``RIT Ltd.'' In 1988, Jacob Rothschild transformed RIT Ltd. into a publicly traded investment trust with the name ``RIT Capital Partners plc.''	RIT Capital Partners	1988
inception	Baltimore Heritage, Inc. was founded in 1960, and is Baltimore's nonprofit and historical preservation organization.	Baltimore Heritage	1960
inception	R-Mall is a mall situated in Mulund and Thane, a suburb of Mumbai, India was opened in 2003.	R-Mall	2003
inception	At the direction of Air Marshal Sir George Jones, the RAAF Museum was formed in 1952 and fell under the administration of Headquarters Point Cook until 1988 when it became a separate unit of the RAAF.	RAAF Museum	1952
inception	Sun Red Sun was an American heavy metal supergroup active from 1992--1993.	Sun Red Sun	1992
inception	The Human Rights Data Analysis Group was founded in September 2002 by Patrick Ball as a part of the Science and Human Rights Program within the American Association for the Advancement of Science.	Human Rights Data Analysis Group	2002
inception	The Harvey Lee Ross House is a two-story frame, side-gabled house built in approximately 1858 on the farm of Harvey Lee Ross near Vermont, Illinois.	Harvey Lee Ross House	1858
inception	Empire Orienteering Club (EMPO) was founded in 1987 to promote the sport of orienteering and develop suitable maps in the Capital District of New York State.	Empire Orienteering Club	1987
inception	Ansan OK Savings Bank Rush & Cash (Korean: 안산 OK저축은행 러시앤캐시) is a South Korean professional volleyball team founded in 2013.	Ansan OK Savings Bank Rush & Cash	2013
inception	The North-Western Provinces succeeded the Ceded and Conquered Provinces and existed in one form or another from 1836 until 1902, when it became the Agra Province within the United Provinces of Agra and Oudh (or U.P.).	North-Western Provinces	1836
inception	The Butte Daredevils were a basketball team in the Continental Basketball Association that played from 2006 to 2008.	Butte Daredevils	2006
inception	The Starkey International Institute for Household Management, commonly known as Starkey and nicknamed Butler Boot Camp, is a vocational school for Household Manager butlers founded in 1990 by Mary Louise Starkey and based in a Georgian-style mansion in Denver, Colorado, United States.	Starkey International Institute for Household Management	1990
inception	The first Pittsburgh Fashion Week was held in 2010, with events held in Heinz History Center and the Omni William Penn Hotel.	Pittsburgh Fashion Week	2010
inception	Lloyd and Mary Anderson founded REI in Seattle, Washington in 1938.	REI	1938
inception	Euroblast Festival is a progressive metal music festival, staged in Cologne, Germany since 2008.	Euroblast Festival	2008
inception	During the recording for the 1995 season, Michael Rhein (alias Das letzte Einhorn, engl. ``The Last Unicorn'') found the project name ``In Extremo,'' Latin for ``At The Edge.''	In Extremo	1995
inception	Kids in Jazz (established 2012 in Norway) is an international jazz festival where children perform.	Kids in Jazz	2012
inception	The National Security Network was founded in 2006 by counter-terrorism expert and two-decade White House veteran Rand Beers.	National Security Network	2006
inception	The Granadine Confederation (Spanish: Confederación Granadina) was a short-lived federal republic established in 1858 as a result of a constitutional change replacing the Republic of New Granada.	Granadine Confederation	1858
inception	In 1840, it was decided to once again split Holland into North and South Holland, because the province of Holland was deemed too dominant in area, population and wealth.	South Holland	1840
inception	The Berlin Sluggers, officially named ``Sluggers eV Berlin'', is a baseball club founded on October 1, 1985 in Berlin, Germany, making it the oldest baseball club in Berlin.	Berlin Sluggers	1985
inception	Dead Heavens is a New York-based blues rock band formed in 2015.	Dead Heavens	2015
inception	The Scottish Green Party was created in 1990 when the former Green Party split into separate parties for Scotland, Northern Ireland, and England and Wales.	Scottish Green Party	1990
inception	Bedwetters are an Estonian pop punk band formed in September 2004.	Bedwetters	2004
inception	Destiny Church Groningen is a neo-charismatic church denomination which was founded in 1992 in Groningen, the Netherlands, by Johan and Tessa Proost.	Destiny Church Groningen	1992
inception	The Boys and Youth Choir of the P. Tchaikovsky National Music Academy of Ukraine The Choir was established in 2001 as an educational and artisticcollective sector practices of the P. Tchaikovsky National Music Academy of Ukraine.	The Boys and Youth Choir of the P. Tchaikovsky National Music Academy of Ukraine	2001
inception	The Birkenstock brand traces its roots to the Johann Adam Birkenstock, registered in 1774 as a ``vassal and shoemaker'' in local church archives in small Hessian village of Langen-Bergheim.	Birkenstock	1774
inception	Focus Learning Trust was first formed in 2003 and has a head office in Warwick, England.	Focus Learning Trust	2003
inception	Wabtec Corporation (derived from Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation) is an American company formed by the merger of the Westinghouse Air Brake Company (WABCO) and MotivePower Industries Corporation in 1999.	Wabtec Corporation	1999
inception	Normahl is a German punk band formed in 1978 in Winnenden near Stuttgart by four high school students.	Normahl	1978
inception	Orange Business Services was founded on 1 June 2006, through a rebranding and consolidation of the existing France Telecom businesses of Equant and Wanadoo.	Orange Business Services	2006
inception	Opened in 1836 by the Bristol, Clifton and West of England Zoological Society, Bristol Zoo is the world's oldest provincial zoo.	Bristol Zoo	1836
inception	On 31 December 2015, the former commune of Dionay was merged into Saint-Antoine-l'Abbaye.	Saint-Antoine-l'Abbaye	31 December 2015
inception	National Liberation Party of Unity (Partai Persatuan Pembebasan Nasional, also known as PAPERNAS) is an Indonesian left-wing party founded in 2006 by the merger of several smaller parties.	National Liberation Party of Unity	2006
inception	Khalifa Airways (Arabic: الخطوط الجوية الخليفة‎) was a passenger and cargo airline based in Algiers, Algeria which was founded in June 1999 by Rafik Khalifa and ceased flying in 2003.	Khalifa Airways	1999
inception	On January 19, 2010, Groupe Serdy announced that it was ready to launch the channel in March, and on February 24, Serdy unveiled the channel's identity, including the channel's new name (Zeste), and programming to the media.	Zeste	2010
inception	RecentChangesCamp was conceived at WikiSym 2005 as a way to replicate online wiki collaboration in the face-to-face world, using Open Space Technology, which enables participants to create the agenda on the fly, guaranteeing that all issues that participants were willing to take responsibility for were worked on to the extent possible.	RecentChangesCamp	2005
inception	University of Gour Banga (Bengali: গৌড়বঙ্গ বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়) is a university established in 2008 in Malda, West Bengal, India.	University of Gour Banga	2008
inception	On 18 June 1958, the first Foodtown supermarket of 1,400 square metres was opened on a 1.1-hectare site at Otahuhu.	Foodtown	1958
inception	Tahoe Air made its first flight to Los Angeles on June 25, 1999.	Tahoe Air	1999
inception	Waterlogic, founded in 1992, is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of bottleless drinking water purification and dispensing systems.	Waterlogic	1992
inception	On 17 April 1989, Bao Youxiang's armed forces announced their separation from the Burmese Communist Party, and formed the United Myanmar Ethnics Party, which later became the United Wa State Party.	Wa State	1989
inception	Sylencer is an American thrash metal group from Chicago, Illinois, formed in 2006 by Markus Johansson (vocals, guitar) and Johnny Rox (bass guitar).	Sylencer	2006
inception	The resulting resort, 9 Beaches, opened in April 2005.	9 Beaches	2005
inception	The Flint Firebirds are a major junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) who began play during the 2015--16 season.	Flint Firebirds	2015
inception	Carrier Air Wing Seven was originally commissioned 20 July 1943 at Naval Air Station Alameda, California, as Carrier Air Group Eighteen.	Carrier Air Wing Seven	20 July 1943
inception	Brite Semiconductor is a fabless semiconductor company founded in 2008 to develop custom ASIC design solutions to electronics customers worldwide.	Brite Semiconductor	2008
inception	Founded in 2003, The Translation Project (TTP) is a nonprofit, nonpartisan 501 C 3 umbrella organization for bringing innovative Iranian-inspired (Iranian Literature), (Iranian Culture) projects to audiences through literary and multimedia events.	The Translation Project	2003
inception	On February 21, 1975, the settlements of Maklakovo and Novomaklakovo were merged into the new town of Lesosibirsk.	Lesosibirsk	1975
inception	The movement was infused with a new radicalism when Santhal leader Shibu Soren formed the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) in league with the Marxist co-ordination Committee in 1972.	Jharkhand Mukti Morcha	1972
inception	Limmen National Park, announced in 2012, is the second largest in Australia covering 10,000 square kilometres (3,900 sq mi) in the Northern Territory.	Limmen National Park	2012
inception	SV Mehring was formed on 13 December 1921 and played, for the most part of its history as a local amateur side.	SV Mehring	1921
inception	Oklahoma Christian University (OC) is a private comprehensive coeducational Christian liberal arts university founded in 1950 by members of the Churches of Christ.	Oklahoma Christian University	1950
inception	The Gorgeous were a Canadian metalcore band formed in the summer of 2003 in Montreal.	The Gorgeous	2003
inception	The Upper Harz National Park was established as part of GDR's national park programme on 1 October 1990, two days before the reunification of Germany, on the basis of a ministerial decision by the East German government.	Harz National Park	1 October 1990
inception	Enthroned is a black metal band formed in Charleroi in 1993 by Cernunnos.	Enthroned	1993
inception	Vromb has been international active since 1992.	Vromb	1992
inception	The franchise started as the Eastern Kentucky Drillers and joined the Continental Indoor Football League in 2013 after playing their first two seasons as a charter member of the Ultimate Indoor Football League for its inaugural 2011 season.	Kentucky Drillers	2011
inception	Superheist are an Australian nu metal band, which formed in 1993.	Superheist	1993
inception	Duo Alterno's made its debut in February 1997 at the Vancouver Italian Contemporary Music Festival, where it held concerts and masterclasses for the University of British Columbia, the Simon Fraser University and the Vancouver Academy of Music.	Duo Alterno	1997
inception	Point-Afrique was a short-lived French airline based in Niger, operating flights between France and North and West Africa on behalf of French tour operators, using leased aircraft between 2005 and 2006.	Point-Afrique	2005
inception	The Société des alcools du Québec was created in 1921 under the name Commission des liqueurs du Québec.	Société des alcools du Québec	1921
inception	Wannianquan Road Station (Chinese: 万年泉路) is a station of the Qingdao Metro on Line 3, which opened on 16 December 2015.	Wannianquan Road Station	2015
inception	Immudex is a Danish Reagents and Diagnostics company established in 2009.	Immudex	2009
inception	The Northern Storm Brigade (Arabic: لواء عاصفة الشمال‎, Liwa Asifat al-Shamal) is a Syrian rebel group formed in 2011 and based in Azaz in northwestern Syria, near the border with Turkey.	Northern Storm Brigade	2011
inception	PCJ Radio (PCJ) is a private international radio station and syndicator and relay service founded in 2008 and based in Taipei, producing and transmitting programs for local and international audiences.	PCJ Radio	2008
inception	Straight Lake State Park was established in 2002, making it Wisconsin's newest state park.	Straight Lake State Park	2002
inception	Christian Michelsen, a shipping magnate and statesman, and Prime Minister of Norway from 1905 to 1907, played a central role in the peaceful separation of Norway from Sweden on 7 June 1905.	Norway	7 June 1905
inception	Bardo State started producing in 2004 and their debut album Mariposa was released in 2008.	Bardo State	2004
inception	The Young British Artists, or YBAs--also referred to as Brit artists and Britart--is the name given to a loose group of visual artists who first began to exhibit together in London, in 1988.	Young British Artists	1988
inception	Wilocity was a fabless semiconductor company based in California founded in 2007 developing 60 GHz multi-gigabit wireless chipsets for both the mobile computing platform and peripheral markets.	Wilocity	2007
inception	Samyang Optics Company Limited is a Korean company founded in 1972, manufacturing optical equipment, CCTV and photographic accessories.	Samyang Optics	1972
inception	Punkt Ø AS is a Norwegian art institution founded in 2006 with Østfold county as largest shareholder.	Punkt Ø	2006
inception	Garissa University College was founded in 2011 as a constituent college of Moi University, in the facilities of the former Garissa Teachers Training College.	Garissa University College	2011
inception	The Turkish Historical Society also known as Turkish Historical Association or Turkish History Foundation (Turkish: Türk Tarih Kurumu, TTK) is a research society studying the history of Turkey and the Turkish people, founded in 1931 by the initiative of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, with headquarters in Ankara, Turkey.	Turkish Historical Society	1931
inception	The United Soccer Conference was an NCAA Division I conference founded in 2005 whose members competed in the sport of women's soccer.	United Soccer Conference	2005
inception	My Sister's Machine was an American grunge band from Seattle, Washington, formed in 1989.	My Sister's Machine	1989
inception	Kälarne IK is a sports club in Kälarne, Sweden, established on 14 February 1920.	Kälarne IK	14 February 1920
inception	World Tamil Movement (WTM) is a non-profit organization created in 1986 run by Canadians of ethnic Tamil heritage.	World Tamil Movement	1986
inception	Islamabad Traffic Police is a ``model traffic police force'' formed under the Capital Territory Police in 2006 to ``bring a new and healthy change in the traffic system'' in Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan.	Islamabad Traffic Police	2006
inception	The Security Council Working Group on Children and Armed Conflict (CAAC) was introduced in July 2005 to recommend methods of protecting children impacted by armed conflicts.	Working Group on Children and Armed Conflict	2005
inception	On August 1, 1927, the uyezds were abolished, and Novosokolnichesky District was established, with the administrative center in the town of Novosokolniki.	Novosokolnichesky District	1927
inception	The Detroit Cobras are an American garage rock band from Detroit, Michigan, formed in 1994.	The Detroit Cobras	1994
inception	Gladstone Region came into being on 15 March 2008 as a result of the report of the Local Government Reform Commission released in July 2007.	Gladstone Region	2008
instrument	D'Arcy Broderick is a Newfoundland-Irish musician who plays fiddle, guitar, mandola, banjo, accordion and mandolin.	D'Arcy Broderick	guitar
instrument	Tim Chandler (born February 3, 1960) is a bass guitar player, best known for his work with the rock bands Daniel Amos, The Swirling Eddies (credited as Berger Roy Al) and The Choir.	Tim Chandler	guitar
instrument	Minoru Muraoka (Japanese: 村岡福夫, born Muraoka Fukuo; 1924 in Miyakonojo -- January 2, 2014) was a popular Japanese shakuhachi player.	Minoru Muraoka	shakuhachi
instrument	Buster Benton (July 19, 1932 -- January 20, 1996) was an American blues guitarist and singer, who played guitar in Willie Dixon's Blues All-Stars, and is best known for his solo rendition of the Dixon-penned song ``Spider in My Stew.''	Buster Benton	guitar
instrument	Sin Quirin is a two-time Grammy nominated guitar player from LA.	Sin Quirin	guitar
instrument	Jan Cober (born 1951) is a Dutch conductor and clarinet player.	Jan Cober	clarinet
instrument	Claude Gordon, the ``King of Brass'', was a trumpet virtuoso, band director, educator, lecturer, and author.	Claude Gordon	trumpet
instrument	The 1941 Claude Thornhill piano composition ``Snowfall'' has been recorded and performed by the following artists:	Claude Thornhill	piano
instrument	John Horler began on piano at age six, and learned jazz from his father, a trumpeter.	John Horler	piano
instrument	Terry Cottam is a guitar player, composer and teacher, who has played with several various bands in his career.	Terry Cottam	guitar
instrument	Buddy Merrill (born July 16, 1936), born Leslie Merrill Behunin, Jr., is an American guitar player and musician, best known as a regular on The Lawrence Welk Show.	Buddy Merrill	guitar
instrument	Old Man Luedecke is the recording name of two-time Juno Award-winning Canadian singer-songwriter and banjo player Chris Luedecke of Chester, Nova Scotia.	Old Man Luedecke	banjo
languages spoken or written	Henryk Jabłoński (Polish pronunciation: (ˈxɛnrɨk jaˈbwɔɲskʲi); 27 December 1909 -- 27 January 2003) was a Polish Socialist.	Henryk Jabłoński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Romolo Murri (Monte San Pietrangeli, 27 August 1870 -- Roma, 12 March 1944) was an Italian politician and ecclesiastic.	Romolo Murri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Šime Starčević (April 18, 1784 -- May 14, 1859) was a Croatian priest and linguist.	Šime Starčević	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Thích Nhất Hạnh (/ˈtɪk ˈnjʌt ˈhʌn/; Vietnamese: (tʰǐk ɲɜ̌t hɐ̂ʔɲ); born as Nguyen Xuan Bao on October 11, 1926) is a Vietnamese Buddhist monk, teacher, author, poet and peace activist.	Thích Nhất Hạnh	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Garampi (29 October 1725 -- 4 May 1792) was an Italian scholar and collector of documents and books.	Giuseppe Garampi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Joonas Kokkonen ( pronunciation ) (November 13, 1921 -- October 2, 1996) was a Finnish composer.	Joonas Kokkonen	Finnish
languages spoken or written	John Wallis (23 November 1616 -- 28 October 1703) was an English mathematician who is given partial credit for the development of infinitesimal calculus.	John Wallis	English
languages spoken or written	Johann Ludwig Uhland (26 April 1787 -- 13 November 1862), was a German poet, philologist and literary historian.	Ludwig Uhland	German
languages spoken or written	Roberto Pacini (born 1967 in Florence, Italy) is an Italian director, author and theatre and film producer.	Roberto Pacini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Battista Guarini (10 December 1538 -- 7 October 1612) was an Italian poet, dramatist, and diplomat.	Giovanni Battista Guarini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ferdinando Palasciano (June 13, 1815 - November 28, 1891) was an Italian physician and politician, considered one of the forerunners of the foundation of the Red Cross.	Ferdinando Palasciano	Italian
languages spoken or written	Mohammed Aziz Lahbabi (born December 25, 1922, Fes, died on August 23, 1993, Rabat) was a Moroccan philosopher, novelist and poet writing in Arabic and French.	Mohammed Aziz Lahbabi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Arnold Eucken (3 July 1884 -- 16 June 1950) was a German chemist and physicist.	Arnold Eucken	German
languages spoken or written	María Elisa Camargo (Spanish pronunciation: (maˈɾi.a eˈlisa kaˈmarɣo); born December 21, 1985 in Guayaquil, Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian actress.	María Elisa Camargo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Iván Helguera Bujía (Spanish pronunciation: (iˈβan elˈɣera βuˈxija); born 28 March 1975) is a Spanish retired footballer.	Iván Helguera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Thomas Hylland Eriksen (born February 6, 1962) is a Norwegian anthropologist.	Thomas Hylland Eriksen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Rosenthal (8 September 1882 -- 10 June 1971) was a German Oral surgeon.	Wolfgang Rosenthal	German
languages spoken or written	Wojciech Belon (born March 14, 1952 in Kwidzyn - May 3, 1985 in Kraków), also known as Wojtek Bellon, was a Polish poet, songwriter and folksinger.	Wojciech Belon	Polish
languages spoken or written	Domenico Fontana (1543 -- 28 June 1607) was an Italian architect of the late Renaissance, born in today's Ticino.	Domenico Fontana	Italian
languages spoken or written	Nakul Chandra Bhuyan (Assamese: নকুলচন্দ্ৰ ভূঞা; 1895-1968) was an Assamese historian, playwright, essayist and a short story writer.	Nakul Chandra Bhuyan	Assamese
languages spoken or written	Jacques Heim (8 May 1899 -- 8 January 1967) was a French fashion designer and costume designer for theater and film, and was a manufacturer of women's furs.	Jacques Heim	French
languages spoken or written	Cedric Price FRIBA (11 September 1934 -- 10 August 2003) was an English architect and influential teacher and writer on architecture.	Cedric Price	English
languages spoken or written	Luigi Bartolini (February 8, 1892 -- May 16, 1963) was an Italian painter, writer, and poet.	Luigi Bartolini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ferdinand Rudio (born August 2, 1856 in Wiesbaden, died June 21, 1929 in Zurich) was a German and Swiss mathematician and historian of mathematics.	Ferdinand Rudio	German
languages spoken or written	Rasul Gamzatovich Gamzatov (Avar: ХӀамзатил Расул, IPA: (ħamzatil rasul); Russian: Расу́л Гамза́тович Гамза́тов; IPA: (rɐˈsul ɡɐmˈzatəvʲɪtɕ ɡɐmˈzatəf); 8 September 1923 -- 3 November 2003) was probably the most famous poet writing in the Avar language.	Rasul Gamzatov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Carlo Giorgio Garofalo (5 August 1886 -- 6 April 1962) was an Italian composer, conductor and organist.	Carlo Giorgio Garofalo	Italian
languages spoken or written	José Eduardo Franco (born 1969, Ribeira Grande, Machico) is a Portuguese historian, journalist, poet and essayist.	José Eduardo Franco	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	In addition, Ahmed Lutfi el-Sayed held positions such as the minister of education, the minister of interior, the director of the Arabic language assembly, a member of the senate, and the director of House of Books.	Ahmed Lutfi el-Sayed	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Erri De Luca (born 1950, Naples) is an Italian novelist, translator and poet.	Erri De Luca	Italian
languages spoken or written	Henri-Paul Deyvaux-Gassier (1883--1951) was a French caricaturist and illustrator.	Henri-Paul Deyvaux-Gassier	French
languages spoken or written	The Blessed Jean-Martin Moye (written later in his life as Moyë) was a French Catholic priest who was served as a missionary in China and was the founder of the Sisters of the Congregation of Divine Providence.	Jean-Martin Moye	French
languages spoken or written	Piotr Michałowski (July 2, 1800 -- June 9, 1855) was a Polish painter of the Romantic period, especially known for his many portraits, and oil studies of horses.	Piotr Michałowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Paul-Émile Lecoq de Boisbaudran, also called François Lecoq de Boisbaudran (18 April 1838 -- 28 May 1912), was a French chemist known for his discoveries of the chemical elements gallium, samarium and dysprosium.	Paul-Émile Lecoq de Boisbaudran	French
languages spoken or written	Akshaya is a Tamil film actress, who has appeared in Tamil films.	Akshaya	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Hu Qiuyuan (Chinese: 胡秋原; pinyin: Hū Qiūyuán; 11 June 1910 - 24 May 2004) is a Chinese author, educator and politician from Taiwan.	Hu Qiuyuan	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Leszek Podhorodecki (1934 -- December 7, 2000), was a Polish historian and writer.	Leszek Podhorodecki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Katharina Thalbach (born 19 January 1954 in Berlin) is a German actress and film director.	Katharina Thalbach	German
languages spoken or written	Léon Vaganay (Saint-Étienne, 22 October 1882 - Vernaison, 30 March 1969) was a French Roman Catholic priest and biblical scholar.	Léon Vaganay	French
languages spoken or written	Ludwig Hohl (9 April 1904 -- 3 November 1980) was a Swiss author writing in the German language.	Ludwig Hohl	German
languages spoken or written	Farkas Bolyai (Hungarian: (ˈfɒrkɒʃ ˈboːjɒi); 9 February 1775 -- 20 November 1856; also known as Wolfgang Bolyai in Germany) was a Hungarian mathematician, mainly known for his work in geometry.	Farkas Bolyai	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Keiko Mukaide (born 1954 in Tokyo) is a Japanese artist who lives and works in the UK.	Keiko Mukaide	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Klaus Mollenhauer (31 October 1928 -- 18 March 1998) is one of the most important German pedagogical theorists of the post-war era.	Klaus Mollenhauer	German
languages spoken or written	François Cyrille Grand'Eury (9 March 1839, Houdreville -- 22 July 1917, Malzéville) was a French geologist, paleontologist and mathematics teacher.	François Cyrille Grand'Eury	French
languages spoken or written	Predrag Milošević (Serbian Cyrillic: Предраг Милошевић; Knjaževac, February 4, 1904 -- January 4, 1988, Belgrade) was a composer, conductor, pianist, pedagogue, and music writer.	Predrag Milošević	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Walt Wolfram (born February 15, 1941) is a sociolinguist at North Carolina State University, specializing in social and ethnic dialects of American English.	Walt Wolfram	English
languages spoken or written	Giusto Gervasutti (17 April 1909 -- 16 September 1946), was an Italian mountain climber, Alpini officer and skier.	Giusto Gervasutti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Otto Skorzeny (12 June 1908 -- 5 July 1975) was an Austrian SS-Obersturmbannführer (lieutenant colonel) in the German Waffen-SS during World War II. After fighting on the Eastern Front, he accompanied the rescue mission that freed the deposed Italian dictator Benito Mussolini from captivity.	Otto Skorzeny	German
languages spoken or written	Frédéric-Auguste Demetz (1796--1873) was a French penal reformer and jurist.	Frédéric-Auguste Demetz	French
languages spoken or written	Fritz Angst (10 April 1944 -- 2 November 1976) was a German-language Swiss author better known as Fritz Zorn.	Fritz Angst	German
languages spoken or written	Hansjürgen Matthies (6 March 1925 -- 22 August 2008) was a German pharmacologist and neuroscientist.	Hansjürgen Matthies	German
languages spoken or written	Arnold Cassola is a Maltese politician, an Associate Professor in Comparative Literature at the University of Malta and the author and editor of various books and academic papers.	Arnold Cassola	Maltese
languages spoken or written	Nasteh Dahir Farah (born 1972 or 1973, died June 7, 2008) was a Somali reporter, and vice-president of the National Union of Somali Journalists.	Nasteh Dahir	Somali
languages spoken or written	Jürgen Roth (born 1945) is a German publicist and investigative journalist.	Jürgen Roth	German
languages spoken or written	Ignacio Rupérez Rubio (October 17, 1943 -- December 25, 2015) was a Spanish diplomat, journalist, and writer.	Ignacio Rupérez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Isabel Mundry (born 20 April 1963) is a German composer.	Isabel Mundry	German
languages spoken or written	Zoltán Gárdonyi (25 April 1906 -- 27 June 1986) was a Hungarian composer and musicologist.	Zoltán Gárdonyi	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Hans Leip (22 September 1893 -- 6 June 1983), was a German novelist, poet and playwright, best remembered as the lyricist of Lili Marleen.	Hans Leip	German
languages spoken or written	Marie-Gabrielle Capet (1761--1818) was a French Neoclassical painter.	Marie-Gabrielle Capet	French
languages spoken or written	Guillaume Fichet (French: (fiʃɛ); 21 September 1433 -- c. 1480) was a French scholar who cooperated with Johann Heynlin to establish the first printing press in France in 1470.	Guillaume Fichet	French
languages spoken or written	Zeev Sternhell (Hebrew: זאב שטרנהל‎, born 10 April 1935) is a Polish-born Israeli historian, political scientist, commentator on the Israeli--	Zeev Sternhell	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Christina Ochoa (born Cristina Ochoa Lopez, on January 25 of 1985, in Barcelona, Spain) is a Spanish actress, scientist and author.	Christina Ochoa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jerónimo Mihura (1902-1990) was a Spanish film director who made a number of documentary films.	Jerónimo Mihura	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Christopher Fifield (born 1945) is an English conductor and classical music historian and musicologist based in London.	Christopher Fifield	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Becker is a French historian, born 14 May 1928 in Paris.	Jean-Jacques Becker	French
languages spoken or written	Victor Horta (French: (ɔʁta); Victor, Baron Horta after 1932; 6 January 1861 -- 8 September 1947) was a Belgian architect and designer.	Victor Horta	French
languages spoken or written	Sheryfa Luna (born Chérifa Babouche; 25 January 1989) is a French R&B singer born to an Algerian father and a French mother.	Sheryfa Luna	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Edith Camilla Läckberg Eriksson (born August 30, 1974) is a Swedish crime writer.	Camilla Läckberg	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Juan Fernández Navarrete (1526 -- 28 March 1579), or ``de Navarrete'', called El Mudo (The Mute), was a Spanish Mannerist painter, born at Logroño.	Juan Fernández Navarrete	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Christian Godard (born March 24, 1932 in Paris) is a French comic artist and writer of the comic series Martin Milan for Tintin magazine.	Christian Godard	French
languages spoken or written	Adrien Barthe (born Grat-Norbert Barthe, June 7, 1828 -- August 13, 1898) was a French classical composer.	Adrien Barthe	French
languages spoken or written	Ann Yearsley, née Cromartie (1753--1806), was an English poet and writer.	Ann Yearsley	English
languages spoken or written	Josep Mir i Llussà (Spanish José Mir y Llussá, also José Mir y Lusa) (c. 1700--1764) was a Catalan composer, and maestro de capilla at Segovia, then Valladolid and Madrid.	Josep Mir i Llussà	Spanish	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Sir William Peter Griggs (1849--1920) was an English Member of Parliament for Ilford in north-east London.	William Peter Griggs	English
languages spoken or written	Leiv Amundsen (30 May 1898 -- 25 June 1987) was a Norwegian librarian and philologist.	Leiv Amundsen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Roman Maciejewski (28 February 1910 in Berlin, Germany -- 30 April 1998 in Göteborg, Sweden), Polish composer.	Roman Maciejewski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Antoine Varillas (1624--1696) was a French historian, best known for his history of heresy.	Antoine Varillas	French
languages spoken or written	Albert Viksten (born 8 April 1898 in Vojen, Grangärde parish, Västernorrland, Sweden) was a Swedish writer of the proletarian school.	Albert Viksten	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Hans Christian Ørsted (/ˈɜrstɛd/; Danish: (hans kʰʁæsd̥jan ˈɶɐ̯sd̥ɛð); often rendered Oersted in English; 14 August 1777 -- 9 March 1851) was a Danish physicist and chemist who discovered that electric currents create magnetic fields, an important aspect of electromagnetism.	Hans Christian Ørsted	Danish
languages spoken or written	Georg von Frundsberg (24 September 1473 -- 20 August 1528) was a South German military and Landsknecht leader in the service of the Imperial House of Habsburg.	Georg von Frundsberg	German
languages spoken or written	Alain Pompidou (born April 5, 1942 in Paris, France ) is a French scientist and politician.	Alain Pompidou	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Benjamin Hobhouse, 1st Baronet (1757--1831) was an English politician.	Benjamin Hobhouse	English
languages spoken or written	Giorgio Pressburger (born 1937) is an Italian writer of novels and short stories.	Giorgio Pressburger	Italian
languages spoken or written	Vivian Naefe (b. March 21, 1953 in Hamburg) is a German film director.	Vivian Naefe	German
languages spoken or written	Valentina Pinelo was a Spanish poet and writer at the beginning of the 17th century, during the Spanish Golden Age of politics and culture.	Valentina Pinelo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alberto Gasparini (born January 13, 1940, in Modena, Italy) is an Italian sociologist and professor of urban and rural sociology, of sociology of international relations and of techniques of forecasting.	Alberto Gasparini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Henri Cartier-Bresson (French: (kaʁtje bʁɛsɔ̃); August 22, 1908 -- August 3, 2004) was a French photographer considered the master of candid photography, and an early user of 35 mm film.	Henri Cartier-Bresson	French
languages spoken or written	Francisco Luque Palma (Santaella, Spain, 1948) is a Spanish sculptor.	Francisco Luque	Spanish
languages spoken or written	George Julius Poulett Scrope FRS (10 March 1797 -- 19 January 1876) was an English geologist and political economist as well as a magistrate for Stroud in Gloucestershire.	George Julius Poulett Scrope	English
languages spoken or written	Richard Bowdler Sharpe (22 November 1847 - 25 December 1909) was an English zoologist who worked as curator of the bird collection at the British Museum and published extensively on ornithology.	Richard Bowdler Sharpe	English
languages spoken or written	Alexandre Gustave Eiffel (born Bonickhausen dit Eiffel; /ˈaɪfəl/; French pronunciation: ​(efɛl); 15 December 1832 -- 27 December 1923) was a French civil engineer and architect.	Gustave Eiffel	French
languages spoken or written	Lőrinc Szabó de Gáborján (Hungarian: gáborjáni Szabó Lőrinc, pronounced (ˈgaːborjaːni ˈsɒboː ˈløːrint͡s); Miskolc, 31 March 1900 -- Budapest, 3 October 1957) was a Hungarian poet and literary translator.	Lőrinc Szabó	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Étienne Bazeries (21 August 1846 -- 7 November 1931) was a French military cryptanalyst active between 1890 and the First World War.	Étienne Bazeries	French
languages spoken or written	Johann Conrad Dippel (August 10, 1673 -- April 25, 1734) was a German pietist theologian, alchemist and physician.	Johann Conrad Dippel	German
languages spoken or written	Charles de Gontaut, duc de Biron (1562 -- 31 July 1602) was a French soldier whose military achievements were accompanied by plotting to dismember France and set himself up as ruler of an independent Burgundy.	Charles de Gontaut, duc de Biron	French
languages spoken or written	Valentin Thalhofer (January 20, 1825 -- September 17, 1891) was a German Roman Catholic clergyman and theologian.	Valentin Thalhofer	German
languages spoken or written	Nikahang Kowsar (Persian: نیک‌آهنگ کوثر‎‎, born 1969), also known as Nik Kowsar is an Iranian-Canadian cartoonist, journalist, and blogger, currently living in Washington DC, US.	Nikahang Kowsar	Persian
languages spoken or written	Gunther Plüschow (February 8, 1886 -- January 28, 1931) was a German aviator, aerial explorer and author from Munich, Bavaria.	Gunther Plüschow	German
languages spoken or written	Rafael Ballesteros (born 1938) is a Spanish poet living in Málaga, Spain.	Rafael Ballesteros	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jan Sawka (December 10, 1946 -- August 9, 2012) was a Polish-born American artist and architect.	Jan Sawka	Polish
languages spoken or written	Wendelin Weißheimer (26 February 1838, Osthofen -- 16 June 1910) was a 19th-century German composer, conductor, essayist, teacher and music writer.	Wendelin Weißheimer	German
languages spoken or written	Peter Ernst von Lasaulx (German pronunciation: (laˈsoː); March 16, 1805 -- May 9, 1861) was a German philologist and politician.	Peter Ernst von Lasaulx	German
languages spoken or written	Count Stanisław Tarnowski (7 November 1837 -- 31 December 1917) was a Polish nobleman (szlachcic), historian, literary critic, publicist.	Stanisław Tarnowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	John Frewen-Turner (1 August 1755 -- 1 February 1829) was an English landowner and politician.	John Frewen-Turner	English
languages spoken or written	Hans Paasche (3 April 1881 -- 21 May 1920) was a German politician and pacifist.	Hans Paasche	German
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Battista Salvi da Sassoferrato (August 25, 1609 -- August 8, 1685), also known as Giovanni Battista Salvi, was an Italian Baroque painter.	Giovanni Battista Salvi da Sassoferrato	Italian
languages spoken or written	Filippo Corridoni (August 19, 1887, Pausula today Corridonia, Italy -- October 23, 1915, San Martino del Carso, Italy) was an Italian trade unionist and syndicalist.	Filippo Corridoni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sebastián Vizcaíno (1548--1624) was a Spanish soldier, entrepreneur, explorer, and diplomat whose varied roles took him to New Spain, the Philippines, the Baja California peninsula, the California coast and Japan.	Sebastián Vizcaíno	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alan Sinfield (born 1941) is an English theorist in the fields of Shakespeare and sexuality, modern theatre, gender studies, queer theory (queer studies), post-1945 politics and cultural theory.	Alan Sinfield	English
languages spoken or written	Stefan Zweig (/zwaɪɡ, swaɪɡ/; German: (tsvaɪk); November 28, 1881 in Vienna -- February 22, 1942 in Petrópolis) was an Austrian novelist, playwright, journalist and biographer.	Stefan Zweig	German
languages spoken or written	S. A. Ashokan (died 1982), born as Antony and often simply referred to as Asokan, was an Indian film actor, who worked mainly in Tamil cinema.	S. A. Ashokan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Belén Arjona (Madrid, May 10, 1981) is a Spanish singer.	Belén Arjona	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Massimo Popolizio (born July 4, 1961) is an Italian actor and voice actor.	Massimo Popolizio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Athanase Jean (born 1861 in Saint-Césaire, died 1932 at Rouffiac, Charente-Maritime ) was a French country doctor and writer.	Athanase Jean	French
languages spoken or written	Wiebke Eden (born 1968 in Jever, Lower Saxony), is a German writer.	Wiebke Eden	German
languages spoken or written	Granville Sharp (10 November 1735 -- 6 July 1813) was one of the first English campaigners for the abolition of the slave trade.	Granville Sharp	English
languages spoken or written	Tatjana Doll (born 1970 in Burgsteinfurt) is a contemporary German painter.	Tatjana Doll	German
languages spoken or written	Feliks Młynarski (20 November 1884 -- 13 April 1972) was a Polish banker, philosopher and economist.	Feliks Młynarski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Ferenc Móra (19 July 1879 -- 8 February 1934) was a Hungarian novelist, journalist, and museologist.	Ferenc Móra	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	David Cesarani OBE (13 November 1956 -- 25 October 2015) was an English historian who specialised in Jewish history, especially the Holocaust.	David Cesarani	English
languages spoken or written	Samuel Bogusław Chyliński (1631--1668) was the translator and publisher of the first translation of the Bible into Lithuanian.	Samuel Bogusław Chyliński	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Nino Oxilia (1889--1917) was an Italian playwright, screenwriter and film director.	Nino Oxilia	Italian
languages spoken or written	Louis Giry (8 February 1596 -- 28 July 1665) was a French lawyer, translator and writer.	Louis Giry	French
languages spoken or written	Félix Legueu (12 August 1863 -- 2 October 1939) was a French urologist and gynecologist born in Angers.	Félix Legueu	French
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Ehmann (5 December 1904 -- 16 April 1989) is a German musicologist, musician, and conductor.	Wilhelm Ehmann	German
languages spoken or written	Kurt Julius Goldstein (November 3, 1914 -- September 24, 2007) was a German journalist and a former broadcast director.	Kurt Julius Goldstein	German
languages spoken or written	Francisco Llano de la Encomienda (1879--1963) was a Spanish soldier who served in Africa and was promoted to General in 1931.	Francisco Llano de la Encomienda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Serge Collot (27 December 1923 -- 11 August 2015) was a French violist and music educator.	Serge Collot	French
languages spoken or written	Phyllis Dorothy James, Baroness James of Holland Park, OBE, FRSA, FRSL (3 August 1920 -- 27 November 2014), known as P. D. James, was an English crime writer.	P. D. James	English
languages spoken or written	Bothaina Kamel (Arabic: بثينة كامل‎) (born in Cairo, 18 April 1962) is an Egyptian television anchor, activist, and politician.	Bothaina Kamel	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Hausenstein (17 June 1882--3 June 1957) was a German politician, writer, journalist, art critic, historian and diplomat.	Wilhelm Hausenstein	German
languages spoken or written	Bernard Guerrien is a French economist and the author of La Théorie des jeux (2002), Dictionnaire d'analyse économique (2002), and La théorie économique néoclassique.	Bernard Guerrien	French
languages spoken or written	Viju Khote (Vittal Bapurao Khote) (born 17 December) is an Indian actor who has worked as character actor in more than 300 films in Hindi cinema and Marathi cinema.	Viju Khote	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Ralph Hodgson (9 September 1871 -- 3 November 1962), Order of the Rising Sun (Chinese 旭日章),was an English poet, very popular in his lifetime on the strength of a small number of anthology pieces, such as The Bull.	Ralph Hodgson	English
languages spoken or written	Joan Brudieu (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈan bɾuðiˈew)) (1520--1591) was a Catalan Spanish composer.	Joan Brudieu	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Iván Luengo Robles (Granollers, Barcelona, 3 June 2003) is an actor Spanish.	Iván Luengo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir Harold Jeffreys, FRS (22 April 1891 -- 18 March 1989) was an English mathematician, statistician, geophysicist, and astronomer.	Harold Jeffreys	English
languages spoken or written	Liu Jianwei (simplified Chinese: 柳建伟; traditional Chinese: 柳建偉; pinyin: Liǚ Jiànweǐ; born October 1963), also known by his pen name Liu Shengyuan (柳盛元), is a Chinese novelist.	Liu Jianwei	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Ignacio Gallego Bezares (1914-1990), was a Spanish communist politician, General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Peoples of Spain (PCPE).	Ignacio Gallego	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir Charles Scott Sherrington OM GBE PRS (27 November 1857 -- 4 March 1952) was an English neurophysiologist, histologist, bacteriologist, and a pathologist, Nobel laureate and president of the Royal Society in the early 1920s.	Charles Scott Sherrington	English
languages spoken or written	Ludwig Mies van der Rohe (German: (miːs) MEES; born Maria Ludwig Michael Mies; March 27, 1886 -- August 17, 1969) was a German-American architect.	Ludwig Mies van der Rohe	German
languages spoken or written	Anders Paulrud (14 May 1951 -- 6 January 2008) was a Swedish writer and journalist, born in Karlskrona.	Anders Paulrud	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste de Sénac (1693--1770) was a French physician born in the town of Lombez.	Jean-Baptiste de Sénac	French
languages spoken or written	Abdelatif Benazzi (Arabic: عبد اللطيف بن عزي‎; born 20 August 1968) is a French-Moroccan rugby union footballer who represented both Morocco and France.	Abdelatif Benazzi	French
languages spoken or written	Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada (1509 -- 16 February 1579) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador in Colombia.	Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hermann Pöschel (28 September 1919 -- 30 December 2007) was a politician and an important official in the German Democratic Republic's ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED / Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands).	Hermann Pöschel	German
languages spoken or written	Vicente García González was a General in the Cuban Ten Years' War (Spanish: Guerra de los Diez Años, also known as the Great War) and later a Cuban President who was assassinated by the Spanish after the war.	Vicente García González	Spanish
languages spoken or written	John Birchensha (c.1605--1681) (sometimes spelled Birkenshaw or Berkenshaw) was an English Baroque music theorist.	John Birchensha	English
languages spoken or written	Giulio Giorello (Italian: (ˈdʒuːljo dʒoˈrɛllo); born 14 May 1945, Milan) is an Italian philosopher, mathematician, and epistemologist.	Giulio Giorello	Italian
languages spoken or written	Alfonso or Alonso Manrique de Lara y Solís, (1476 -- 28 September 1538), Bishop of Badajoz (September 1499 until before 1516), was a Spanish churchman.	Alonso Manrique de Lara	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gonzalo de Céspedes y Meneses (1585? -- January 27, 1638) was a Spanish novelist.	Gonzalo de Céspedes y Meneses	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sidney Woolf (16 June 1837 -- September, 1918) was an English pottery manufacturer and a Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1885.	Sidney Woolf	English
languages spoken or written	Jules-François-Paul Fauris de Saint-Vincens (1718-1798) was a French lawyer, politician, historian and numismatist.	Jules-François-Paul Fauris de Saint-Vincens	French
languages spoken or written	Waldemar Łysiak (born 22 March 1944) is a bestselling Polish writer, art historian and journalist, who has written under his own name as well as the pseudonyms 'Valdemar Baldhead' (a rough translation of his name), 'Archibald', 'Mark W. Kingden', 'Rezerwowy Ł.	Waldemar Łysiak	Polish
languages spoken or written	The USA Today bestselling author of over 40 historical romance novels and novellas, Margaret Moore graduated with distinction from the University of Toronto with a degree in English literature.	Margaret Moore	English
languages spoken or written	Aristide Cavaillé-Coll (French: (aʁistid kavaje kɔl); 4 February 1811 -- 13 October 1899), was a French organ builder.	Aristide Cavaillé-Coll	French
languages spoken or written	José María Díaz (1813--1888) was a Spanish journalist and playwright whose work is linked to Romanticism.	José María Díaz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	William Bernard Ullathorne (7 May 1806 -- 21 March 1889) was an English prelate who held high offices in the Roman Catholic Church during the nineteenth-century.	William Bernard Ullathorne	English
languages spoken or written	Günter Ropohl (born 14 June 1939 in Cologne, Germany) is a German philosopher of technology.	Günter Ropohl	German
languages spoken or written	Wenceslaus Hajek of Libočan (Czech: Václav Hájek z Libočan; German: Wenzeslaus Hajek von Libotschan; Latin: Wenceslai Hagecii, Wenceslai Hagek a Liboczan; d. 18 March 1553) was a Bohemian chronicler, author of the Annales Bohemorum (Kronyka Czeská or Kronika Česká (in modern Czech)).	Wenceslaus Hajek	German
languages spoken or written	Gisbertus Voetius (Latin pronunciation: ('vu.ʃi.us), Latinized version of the Dutch name Gijsbert Voet; 3 March 1589 -- 1 November 1676) was a Dutch Calvinist theologian.	Gisbertus Voetius	Latin
languages spoken or written	V. I. S. Jayapalan is an Indian writer, political commentator and actor who has appeared in Tamil language films.	V. I. S. Jayapalan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Joseph Chitty (12 March 1775 -- 17 February 1841) was an English lawyer and legal writer, author of some of the earliest practitioners' texts and founder of an important dynasty of lawyers.	Joseph Chitty	English
languages spoken or written	Nesrin Şamdereli (born 1979) is a Turkish-German screenwriter of Zaza origin and film director.	Nesrin Şamdereli	German
languages spoken or written	Jacques-François Blondel (8 January 1705 -- 9 January 1774) was a French architect and teacher.	Jacques-François Blondel	French
languages spoken or written	Upendrakishore Ray Chowdhury (Bengali: উপেন্দ্রকিশোর রায়চৌধুরী), also known as Upendrokishore Ray (উপেন্দ্রকিশোর রায়) (12 May 1863 -- 20 December 1915) was a famous Bengali writer, painter, violin player and composer, technologist and entrepreneur.	Upendrakishore Ray Chowdhury	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Marie Theres Fögen (born October 10, 1946, Lüdinghausen, West Germany; d. January 18, 2008, Zürich, Switzerland) was a German jurist and historian.	Marie Theres Fögen	German
languages spoken or written	Natacha Polony (born 15 April 1975) is a French journalist and essayist of Polish origin specialised in education.	Natacha Polony	French
languages spoken or written	Anna Fárová (1 June 1928 -- 27 February 2010) was a Czech art historian who specialized and catalogued Czech and Czechoslovak photographers, including František Drtikol and Josef Sudek.	Anna Fárová	Czech
languages spoken or written	Can Xue (Chinese: 残雪; pinyin: Cán Xuě), née Deng Xiaohua (Chinese: 邓小华; pinyin: Dèng Xiǎohuá), is a Chinese avant-garde fiction writer, literary critic, and tailor.	Can Xue	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Martin Warnke (born October 12, 1937 in Ijuí, Brazil) is a German art historian.	Martin Warnke	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre Moulin du Coudray de La Blanchère (1821--1880), sometimes known as Henri de La Blanchère, was a French ichthyologist, naturalist and photographer.	Pierre Moulin du Coudray de La Blanchère	French
languages spoken or written	Stine Andresen (née Jürgens) (1849--1927) was a German poet from the North Frisian island of Föhr.	Stine Andresen	German
languages spoken or written	Dan Margalit (Hebrew: דן מרגלית‎, born 1938) is an Israeli journalist, author and television host.	Dan Margalit	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	José Antonio González de Salas (1588, Madrid -- 1654) was a Spanish humanist and writer.	José Antonio González de Salas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Tatarella (1935 -- 8 February 1999) was a neo-fascist Italian politician who served as deputy prime minister in the first cabinet of Silvio Berlusconi from 1994 to 1995.	Giuseppe Tatarella	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ovid S. Crohmălniceanu (born Moise Cahnor Cohn; 16 August 1921, in Galați, Romania -- 27 April or 28 April 2000, in Berlin, Germany) was a Romanian literary critic and science fiction writer.	Ovid S. Crohmălniceanu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Niklas Krog is a Swedish author of a number of young-adult novels within the High Fantasy genre.	Niklas Krog	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Louis Bertignac (born 23 February 1954 in Oran, French Algeria) is a French guitarist, vocalist and songwriter.	Louis Bertignac	French
languages spoken or written	Walter Boehlich (16 September 1921 -- 6 April 2006) was a German journalist, literary critic, literary editor and translator.	Walter Boehlich	German
languages spoken or written	Marco Boschini (1613--1678) was an Italian painter and engraver of the early Baroque period in Venice.	Marco Boschini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Richard Hobert (born 1 December 1951 in Kalmar) is a Swedish scriptwriter and film director.	Richard Hobert	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Jean-François Fournel (1745-21 juli 1820) was a French jurisprudent.	Jean-François Fournel	French
languages spoken or written	Tabish Khair (Hindi: ताबिश खैर) is an Indian English author and associate professor in the Department of English, University of Aarhus in Denmark.	Tabish Khair	English
languages spoken or written	Agostino Magliani (1824 - 22 February 1891), Italian financier, was a native of Laurino, near Salerno.	Agostino Magliani	Italian
languages spoken or written	John McHardy Sinclair (14 June 1933 -- 13 March 2007) was Professor of Modern English Language at Birmingham University, 1965 to 2000.	John McHardy Sinclair	English
languages spoken or written	Stephan Hermlin (April 13, 1915 -- April 6, 1997), real name Rudolf Leder, was a German author.	Stephan Hermlin	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre Bazy (28 March 1853 -- 22 January 1934) was a French surgeon and urologist born in Sainte-Croix-Volvestre.	Pierre Bazy	French
languages spoken or written	Louis-Nicolas Clérambault (19 December 1676 -- 26 October 1749) was a French musician, best known as an organist and composer.	Louis-Nicolas Clérambault	French
languages spoken or written	Antonio Arbiol y Díez (1651--1726) was a Spanish franciscan and writer.	Antonio Arbiol y Díez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lucy Redler (born August 17, 1979 in Hann. Münden, Lower Saxony) is a German politician, Socialist Alternative activist, and member of the Left Party.	Lucy Redler	German
languages spoken or written	Ursula Schaeppi or Ursula Schäppi (born 22 June 1940) is a Swiss comedian, radio personality, and stage, voice and film actress starring usually in Swiss German language stage productions and as voice actress in children's literature.	Ursula Schaeppi	German
languages spoken or written	Denis Villeneuve (French: (dəni vilnœv); born October 3, 1967) is a Canadian film director and writer.	Denis Villeneuve	French
languages spoken or written	Eustachio Manfredi (20 September 1674 -- 15 February 1739) was an Italian mathematician, astronomer and poet.	Eustachio Manfredi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Guadalupe Victoria (Spanish pronunciation: (ɡwaðaˈlupe βikˈtoɾja); 29 September 1786 -- 21 March 1843), born José Miguel Ramón Adaucto Fernández y Félix, was a Mexican general and political leader who fought for independence against the Spanish Empire in the Mexican War of Independence.	Guadalupe Victoria	Spanish
languages spoken or written	P. S. Veerappa (Tamil: பி. எஸ். வீரப்பா; 10 September 1911 -- 11 September 1998) was a villain actor and a producer of Tamil Cinema.	P. S. Veerappa	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Yana Yazova (Bulgarian: Яна Язова) was the pen name of Lyuba Todorova Gancheva (Bulgarian: Люба Тодорова Ганчева) (1912 -- August 1974), a Bulgarian intellectual and writer.	Yana Yazova	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe La Farina (20 July 1815 in Messina -- 5 September 1863 in Torino) was an influential leader of the Italian Risorgimento.	Giuseppe La Farina	Italian
languages spoken or written	John Dunning, 1st Baron Ashburton (18 October 1731 -- 18 August 1783) was an English lawyer and politician.	John Dunning, 1st Baron Ashburton	English
languages spoken or written	Walther Neye (24 July 1901 -- 12 August 1989) was a German lawyer.	Walther Neye	German
languages spoken or written	Abhijit Pandya (born 19 January 1980 in Harrow, England) is an English solicitor, best known for his representation in the seminal art case concerning the gifted drawings of Francis Bacon in the UK courts.	Abhijit Pandya	English
languages spoken or written	Denzil Holles, 1st Baron Holles PC (31 October 1599 -- 17 February 1680) was an English statesman and writer, best known as one of the Five Members whose attempted unconstitutional arrest by King Charles I in the House of Commons of England in 1642 sparked the Civil War.	Denzil Holles, 1st Baron Holles	English
languages spoken or written	Östen Dahl (born 4 November 1945 in Stockholm) is a Swedish linguist and professor best known for pioneering a marker-based approach to tense and aspect in linguistic typology.	Östen Dahl	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Hristo Tatarchev (Bulgarian: Христо Татарчев, Macedonian: Христо Татарчев, December 16, 1869 - January 5, 1952) was a Bulgarian revolutionary and first leader of the revolutionary movement in Macedonia and Eastern Thrace (the organization was renamed to IMARO in 1906 and IMRO in 1920).	Hristo Tatarchev	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	László Kövér (Kövér László, Hungarian pronunciation: ( ˈkøveːr ˈlaːsloː), born on 29 December 1959) is a Hungarian politician and the current Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary.	László Kövér	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Daniel Múgica (born 4 April 1967, San Sebastián) is a writer and film director, son of the Spanish politician Enrique Múgica Herzog and Faustina Díaz Azcona.	Daniel Múgica	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gernot Böhme (January 3, 1937, Dessau) is a German philosopher and author, contributing to the philosophy of science, theory of time, aesthetics, ethics, and philosophical anthropology.	Gernot Böhme	German
languages spoken or written	Bogdan Zakrzewski (born 25 September 1916 in Poznań, died 23 October 2011 in Wrocław) was a Polish historian and researcher of Polish literature.	Bogdan Zakrzewski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Albert Ndongmo was born on 26 September 1926 in Bafou, French Cameroons, near Dschang, to a Christian family of Bamiléké people.	Albert Ndongmo	French
languages spoken or written	Otto Wallburg (1899--1944) was a German actor and Kabarett performer.	Otto Wallburg	German
languages spoken or written	Claudio Burlando (Genoa, 27 April 1954) is an Italian politician, and was President of Liguria, until March 31, 2015.	Claudio Burlando	Italian
languages spoken or written	Tullia d'Aragona (c. 1510--1556) was a 16th-century Italian poet, author and philosopher.	Tullia d'Aragona	Italian
languages spoken or written	Eberhard Schrader (January 7, 1836 -- July 4, 1908), was a German orientalist primarily known for his achievements in Assyriology.	Eberhard Schrader	German
languages spoken or written	Alphonse Bertillon (French: (bɛʁtijɔ̃); 24 April 1853 -- 13 February 1914) was a French police officer and biometrics researcher who applied the anthropological technique of anthropometry to law enforcement creating an identification system based on physical measurements.	Alphonse Bertillon	French
languages spoken or written	Eugène Freyssinet (French: (øʒɛn fʁɛsinɛ)) (13 July 1879 -- 8 June 1962) was a French structural and civil engineer.	Eugène Freyssinet	French
languages spoken or written	Horst Knörrer (born 31 July 1953, in Bayreuth) is a German mathematician, who studies algebraic geometry and mathematical physics.	Horst Knörrer	German
languages spoken or written	Daniel Pulteney (c. 1684 -- 7 September 1731) was an English government official and Member of Parliament.	Daniel Pulteney	English
languages spoken or written	Debaki Bose (Bengali: দেবকী বোস) (1898 -- 1971), also known as Debaki Kumar Bose, was a top director, writer, and actor of Bengali cinema/Indian cinema.	Debaki Bose	Bengali
languages spoken or written	In 2013, Nyla Usha debuted in the Malayalam film industry with Salim Ahamed's Kunjananthante Kada, opposite Mammootty.	Nyla Usha	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Susana Dosamantes (Spanish pronunciation: (suˈsana ðosaˈmantes); born Susana Rue Riestra on January 9, 1948 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico) is a Mexican actress.	Susana Dosamantes	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Professor Vytautas Landsbergis (ˈvʲîːt̪ɐʊt̪ɐs̪ ˈɫɐ̂ˑn̪ʲd͡zʲbʲɛrʲɡʲɪs̪) (born 18 October 1932) is a Lithuanian conservative politician and Member of the European Parliament.	Vytautas Landsbergis	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Alexander Louis Teixeira de Mattos San Payo y Mendes (April 9, 1865 -- December 5, 1921), known as Alexander Teixeira de Mattos, was a Dutch-English journalist, literary critic and publisher, who gained his greatest fame as a translator.	Alexander Teixeira de Mattos	English
languages spoken or written	Rudolf Battěk (November 2, 1924 -- March 17, 2013) was a Czech sociologist, politician, and political dissident during Czechoslovakia Communist era.	Rudolf Battěk	Czech
languages spoken or written	Jarle Simensen (born 23 March 1937, in Os, Hedmark) is a Norwegian historian.	Jarle Simensen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Théodule Tellier (circa 1856 -- March 1922) was a French printer and the co-founder with Louis Yvert of French philatelic publisher Yvert et Tellier.	Théodule Tellier	French
languages spoken or written	Yunus Nadi Abalıoğlu (1879, Fethiye -- 28 June 1945) was a renowned Turkish journalist and founder of the newspaper Cumhuriyet.	Yunus Nadi Abalıoğlu	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Giorgio Benvenuto (Gaeta December 8, 1937) is an Italian trade unionist politician and syndicalist.	Giorgio Benvenuto	Italian
languages spoken or written	Conrad Vetter (1547 -- October 11, 1622) was a German Jesuit preacher and polemical writer.	Conrad Vetter	German
languages spoken or written	John Gully (21 August 1783 -- 9 March 1863) was an English prize-fighter, horse racer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1832 to 1837.	John Gully	English
languages spoken or written	Tamar Golan (Hebrew: תמר גולן‎; ‎18 December 1933 -- 30 March 2011) was an Israeli journalist and diplomat, who was known especially for her work to promote relations between Israel and African nations, and for her effort to increase knowledge and awareness to African culture in Israel.	Tamar Golan	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Filoramo (born 18 May 1945) is an Italian scholar of gnosticism.	Giovanni Filoramo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Milovan Danojlić (born 1937 in Ivanovci village near Ljig, Kingdom of Yugoslavia), is a Serbian writer, who lives and works in France.	Milovan Danojlić	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Milan Radulović (born 1948 in Malo Polje near Han Pijesak) was the Serbian Minister of Religion.	Milan Radulović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Jean Crespon (14 October 1797, Nîmes -- 1 August 1857) was a French zoologist and naturalist.	Jean Crespon	French
languages spoken or written	Lee Bul (Korean: 이불, born in Yeongju, Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea in 1964) is a contemporary sculpture and installation artist who appeared on the art scene in the late 1980s.	Lee Bul	Korean
licensed to broadcast to	WWKB (formerly WKBW) is an AM radio station in Buffalo, New York, operating on a frequency of 1520 kHz.	WWKB	Buffalo
licensed to broadcast to	WPOS-FM is licensed to Holland, Ohio, United States, and is currently owned by The Maumee Valley Broadcasting Association.	WPOS-FM	Holland
licensed to broadcast to	WOKH (102.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Springfield, Kentucky, as well as Bardstown, Kentucky.	WOKH	Springfield
licensed to broadcast to	KPLC, channel 7, is an NBC-affiliated television station located in Lake Charles, Louisiana, USA.	KPLC	Lake Charles
licensed to broadcast to	WLVM (98.3 FM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Chickasaw, Alabama, and broadcasting to the Mobile metropolitan area.	WLVM	Chickasaw
licensed to broadcast to	WRRV is a modern rock radio station licensed to Middletown, New York and serving the mid Hudson Valley and Catskills of New York state plus nearby areas in New Jersey and Pennsylvania.	WRRV	Middletown
licensed to broadcast to	KHHK, also known as ``HOT 99.7'', is a Rhythmic Contemporary Hit Radio station licensed to Yakima, Washington.	KHHK	Yakima
licensed to broadcast to	KRAB (106.1 FM, ``106-1 KRAB Radio'') is a commercial Modern Rock music radio station in Greenacres, California, broadcasting to the Bakersfield, California, area.	KRAB	Greenacres
licensed to broadcast to	Xpression FM is an award winning campus radio station for the University of Exeter, England.	Xpression FM	Exeter
licensed to broadcast to	CHSR-FM is a Canadian community radio station in Fredericton, New Brunswick with an effective radiated power of 250 watts.	CHSR-FM	Fredericton
licensed to broadcast to	WRRD (AM 1510) is a radio station licensed to Waukesha and serving the Milwaukee area.	WRRD	Waukesha
licensed to broadcast to	WCTW (``98.5 The Cat'') is a hot adult contemporary music formatted radio station licensed to Catskill, New York, and serving Columbia and Greene counties as well as the upper Hudson Valley, the southern Capital District, and Berkshire County, Massachusetts.	WCTW	Hudson
licensed to broadcast to	CHEV was a Canadian radio station, which formerly broadcast at 1610 AM in Toronto, Ontario.	CHEV	Toronto
licensed to broadcast to	KSAS-FM (103.5 FM, ``Kiss-FM'') is a commercial radio station located in Caldwell, Idaho, broadcasting to the Boise, Idaho area.	KSAS-FM	Caldwell
licensed to broadcast to	WTOF (1110 AM, ``Tower of Faith'') is an American radio station licensed to serve Bay Minette, Alabama.	WTOF	Bay Minette
licensed to broadcast to	WHKP is a radio station broadcasting at 1450 on the AM dial in Hendersonville, North Carolina.	WHKP	Hendersonville
licensed to broadcast to	WUFF-FM is a commercial radio stations in Eastman, Georgia, U.S.A broadcasting on 97.5 FM.	WUFF-FM	Eastman, Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Germantown State Bank Building is a historic bank building located in the village of Garland, Nebraska.	Germantown State Bank Building	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalkownia (kalˈkɔvɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kalkownia	Gmina Nidzica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barbil is a town and a municipality in the Kendujhar district (also known as Keonjhar district) of the state of Odisha, India.	Barbil	Kendujhar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kennebec Valley is a region of the U.S. state of Maine, consisting of the Kennebec and Androscoggin Counties.	Kennebec Valley	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hardan (Persian: هردان‎, also Romanized as Hardān) is a village in Doab Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Hardan	Doab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Just outside the north city limits of Topeka, Kansas, is a 12-acre (49,000 m2) lake that, according to a comment in the GoingOutside.com website, is called Menoken Lake or North Topeka Oxbow Lake.	Menoken Lake	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luís Eduardo Magalhães is a municipality in western Bahia, Brazil.	Luís Eduardo Magalhães	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanakapiai Falls or Hanakapi'ai Falls is an approximately 300 feet (91 m) high waterfall located in Hawaii on the Na Pali side of the island of Kauai.	Hanakapiai Falls	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cogswell Dam is a rockfill dam on the West Fork of the San Gabriel River in Los Angeles County, California.	Cogswell Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosmaczewo (kɔsmaˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kosmaczewo	Gmina Zawidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peyanvilai (பேயன்விளை) is a village in the taluk of Tiruchendur and in Thoothukudi district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Peyanvilai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mindarie Senior College is an independent, state senior high school located in the northern suburb of Mindarie, Perth, Western Australia.	Mindarie Senior College	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The area then was funded by the European Union and the Cato Manor Area Based Management was instituted by the eThekwini Municipality to overseeing the development of the area.	Cato Manor	eThekwini
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koturi (Persian: كتوري‎, also Romanized as Kotūrī) is a village in Sarpaniran Rural District, in the Central District of Pasargad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Koturi	Sarpaniran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mystery Fun House was an attraction in Orlando, Florida, USA.	Mystery Fun House	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palmetto Island State Park is a recent addition to the Louisiana State Park system.	Palmetto Island State Park	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Anjir (Persian: باغ انجير‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Anjīr) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Anjir	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tri-City Herald is a daily newspaper based in Kennewick, Washington, in the United States.	Tri-City Herald	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Happy Isles is a group of small isles in the Merced River in Yosemite National Park, California, USA.	Happy Isles	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marucelliana Library or Biblioteca Marucelliana, is a public library, founded by the mid-18th century, and located on Via Camillo Cavour # 43, in Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.	Biblioteca Marucelliana	Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganoga Lake is a natural lake in Colley Township in southeastern Sullivan County in Pennsylvania, United States.	Ganoga Lake	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Curitiba (Tupi: ``Pine Nut Land'', Portuguese pronunciation: (kuɾiˈtʃibɐ)) is the capital and largest city of the Brazilian state of Paraná.	Curitiba	Paraná
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varaki (Persian: وركي‎, also Romanized as Varakī) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Varaki	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Afar Regional State (Afar: Qafar; Amharic: አፋር ክልል?) is one of the nine regional states (kililoch) of Ethiopia, and is the homeland of the Afar people.	Afar Region	Ethiopia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beaver Valley Mall opened in 1970 as a regional shopping mall, located in Center Township, Beaver County, Pennsylvania.	Beaver Valley Mall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minubar Rural District (Persian: دهستان مينوبار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Minubar Rural District	Arvandkenar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Defiance Plateau, part of the geologic Defiance Uplift, is an approximately 75-mile (121 km) long, mostly north-trending plateau of Apache County, Arizona, and its east and southeast perimeter, are parts of San Juan and McKinley Counties, New Mexico.	Defiance Plateau	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Buckeye, a natural freshwater lake in eastern Winter Haven, Florida, United States, is somewhat oval in shape.	Lake Buckeye	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lüganuse Parish (Estonian: Lüganuse vald) is a municipality of Ida-Viru County in northern Estonia.	Lüganuse Parish	Ida-Viru County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aldenhoven (German pronunciation: (ˈaldənhoːfən)) is a municipality in the district of Düren in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Aldenhoven	Düren
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharasf (Persian: خرسف‎) is a village in Rob-e Shamat Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kharasf	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aleppo Citadel Museum (Arabic: متحف قلعة حلب‎) is an archaeological museum located in the city of Aleppo, Syria, within the historic Citadel of Aleppo.	Aleppo Citadel Museum	Citadel of Aleppo
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Michele in Foro is a Roman Catholic basilica church in Lucca, Tuscany, central Italy, built over the ancient Roman forum.	San Michele in Foro	Lucca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Súdwest-Fryslân (IPA: (ˈsydʋɛst ˈfrislɔ̃ːn)) is a municipality in the northern Netherlands, in the province of Friesland.	Súdwest-Fryslân	Friesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bekkelaget Church is a long church (Norwegian: langkirke) located in Bekkelaget in Nordstrand, a district of Oslo, Norway.	Bekkelaget Church	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elmstead Woods railway station is in Elmstead in the London Borough of Bromley in Greater London.	Elmstead Woods railway station	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bronisławów Duży (brɔniˈswavuf ˈduʐɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serokomla, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bronisławów Duży	Gmina Serokomla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tudar-e Molla (Persian: تودارملا‎, also Romanized as Tūdār-e Mollā and Tūdār Mollā; also known as Tūtdār-e Mollā and Tu-yi-Dar Mullah) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tudar-e Molla	Kalatrazan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Salisbury is a peak in the Fairweather Range of Alaska, 6 miles (10 km) southeast of Mount Fairweather.	Mount Salisbury	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Betws Garmon is a community and small hamlet outside Waunfawr and near Beddgelert in Gwynedd, Wales.	Betws Garmon	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulvøysund is a village and an outport in Lillesand, Aust-Agder, Norway.	Ulvøysund	Lillesand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daryabak (Persian: دريابك‎, also Romanized as Daryābaḵ) is a village in Doboluk Rural District, Arjomand District, Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Daryabak	Doboluk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The High School of Music & Art, informally known as ``Music & Art'', was a public high school at 443-465 West 135th Street, New York, New York, USA that existed from 1936 until 1984, when it merged into the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & the Arts.	The High School of Music & Art	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canfield Casino and Congress Park is a 17-acre (6.9 ha) site in Saratoga Springs, New York, United States.	Canfield Casino and Congress Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atasharan (Persian: اتشاران‎, also Romanized as Ātashārān) is a village in Jey Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Atasharan	Jey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bly Ranger Station is located in the upper Sprague River Valley of eastern Klamath County, Oregon surrounded by the Fremont National Forest.	Bly Ranger Station	Klamath County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Regis Jesuit High School is a Jesuit, Catholic, college preparatory high school located in Aurora, Colorado.	Regis Jesuit High School	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Do Kuheh (Persian: شهرک دوکوهه‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Do Kūheh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Do Kuheh	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arnot Art Museum, opened 1913, is a municipal art museum located at 235 Lake Street in Elmira, New York.	Arnot Art Museum	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Islamic College of Brisbane (ICB) is a co-educational P-12 school in the suburb of Karawatha, Brisbane, Queensland Australia.	Islamic College of Brisbane	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malborghetto Valbruna (Friulian: Malborghet-Valbrune, Slovene: Naborjet-Ovčja ves; German: Malborgeth-Wolfsbach) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia.	Malborghetto Valbruna	Province of Udine
located in the administrative territorial entity	KATT-FM (100.5 FM, ``ROCK 100.5 The KATT'') is an Active Rock radio station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by Cumulus Media.	KATT-FM	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coatesville Area High School is part of the Coatesville Area School District, a school district based in the city of Coatesville, in central Chester County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Coatesville Area High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Kadłubek (ˈnɔvɨ kadˈwubɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Kadłubek	Gmina Stara Błotnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borovak pri Podkumu (pronounced (bɔɾɔˈʋaːk pɾi pɔˈtkuːmu)) is a settlement east of Podkum in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Borovak pri Podkumu	Zagorje ob Savi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lugano railway station (Italian: Stazione di Lugano) is the main railway station of the city of Lugano, in the Swiss canton of Ticino.	Lugano railway station	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Rokhan (Persian: ابرخان‎, also Romanized as Āb Rokhān, Āb-e Rokhān, and Ābrakhān) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ab Rokhan	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Easton Grey is a small village and civil parish in north Wiltshire, England.	Easton Grey	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wompatuck State Park is a state-owned, public recreation area of about 3,500 acres (1,400 ha) in size located primarily in the town of Hingham with portions in the neighboring towns of Cohasset, Norwell, and Scituate, Massachusetts, in the United States.	Wompatuck State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	KUWL (90.1 FM) is a jazzradio station licensed to Laramie, Wyoming, USA.	KUWL	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bleckley County High School is a high school in Cochran, Georgia, USA, 120 miles south of Atlanta.	Bleckley County High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyf ol Din Kuh (Persian: سيفالدين كوه‎, also Romanized as Seyf ol Dīn Kūh, Seyf ed Dīn Kūh and Seyf od Dīn Kūh) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Seyf ol Din Kuh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abel Stadium is a sports stadium for Nebraska Wesleyan University in Lincoln, Nebraska.	Abel Stadium	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomaston Central Historic District is a historic district in the town of Thomaston, Alabama, United States.	Thomaston Central Historic District	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenwich Peninsula is an area of south east London, England, located in the Royal Borough of Greenwich.	Greenwich Peninsula	Royal Borough of Greenwich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ringsfield is a village and civil parish in the English county of Suffolk located approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) south-west of Beccles in the District of Waveney.	Ringsfield	Suffolk	Waveney
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rosewood Center was an institution for people with developmental disabilities located on Rosewood Lane in Owings Mills, Maryland.	Rosewood Center	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hilton Falls Conservation Area located in Campbellville, Ontario is a conservation area known for its ten-metre waterfall and hiking trails.	Hilton Falls Conservation Area	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gates of the Grove (Shaarey Pardes), the sanctuary of the Jewish Center of the Hamptons, is a synagogue designed by noted architect Norman Jaffe and built in East Hampton, New York in 1989.	Jewish Center of the Hamptons	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Parish Center District encompasses the social and religious center of the part of Andover, Massachusetts, that is located west of the Shawsheen River.	West Parish Center District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milwaukee Golf Course is a private 18 hole course at the Milwaukee Country Club located in the Milwaukee suburb of River Hills, Wisconsin that features a 6,875 yards of golf from the longest tees for a par of 72.	Milwaukee Golf Course	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auwa is a village in the Marwar Junction tehsil of Pali district in Rajasthan, India.	Auwa	Pali district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kirtlands Warbler Wildlife Management Area is administered by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, and is located in northern Lower Michigan.	Kirtlands Warbler Wildlife Management Area	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pilitowo (piliˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pilitowo	Gmina Płońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Vaulogé is a château in Fercé-sur-Sarthe near Le Mans in the Sarthe department of France.	Château de Vaulogé	Fercé-sur-Sarthe
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lava Mountains are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in San Bernardino County, California.	Lava Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grindleford is a village and civil parish in the county of Derbyshire, in the East Midlands of England.	Grindleford	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Midland Junction railway station was an important junction station on the Eastern Railway of Western Australia until its closure in 1966.	Midland Junction railway station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avon Dassett is a village and civil parish in the Stratford district of Warwickshire, England, nestling among the Burton Dassett Hills about four miles east of Kineton and seven miles north of Banbury in Oxfordshire.	Avon Dassett	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bortatycze (bɔrtaˈtɨt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bortatycze	Gmina Zamość
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loire-Atlantique is part of the current region of Pays-de-la-Loire and is surrounded by the department of Morbihan, Ille-et-Vilaine, Maine-et-Loire, and Vendée, with the Atlantic on the west.	Loire-Atlantique	Pays-de-la-Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ferry Island Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia that is located on the south side of the Fraser River northeast of Rosedale.	Ferry Island Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Willmar 8 were eight female employees of the Citizens National Bank in Willmar, Minnesota, USA who went on strike on December 16, 1977 over charges of sex discrimination.	Willmar 8	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shisuwa is a town and once a Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal.	Shisuwa	Kaski District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saddle Mountains consists of an upfolded anticline ridge of basalt in Grant County of central Washington state.	Saddle Mountains	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devich (Persian: دويچ‎, also Romanized as Devīch and Dovīch; also known as Devīj, Duyuch, and Dyuyuch'') is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Markazi Rural District, Kaghazkonan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Devich	Kaghazkonan-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mynderse-Frederick House is a historic home and tavern located at Guilderland in Albany County, New York.	Mynderse-Frederick House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burgruine Landsee is a castle ruin located in the Austrian state of Burgenland.	Burgruine Landsee	Burgenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Dipper Ice Arena, colloquially known as ``The Big Dipper'', is a multi-purpose arena in Fairbanks, Alaska.	Big Dipper Ice Arena	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banestan-e Sadat Mahmudi (Persian: بنستان سادات محمودي‎, also Romanized as Banestān-e Sādāt Maḩmūdī; also known as Banestān and Bonestān) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Banestan-e Sadat Mahmudi	Sadat Mahmudi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorno Krušje (Macedonian: Горно Крушје), or simply Krušje, is a village in northern Resen Municipality, Republic of Macedonia, located roughly 7.7 kilometres (4.8 mi) from the municipal centre of Resen.	Gorno Krušje	Resen Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azud (Persian: ازود‎, also Romanized as Āzūd) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Azud	Rastupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pontechianale is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southwest of Turin and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northwest of Cuneo, on the border with France.	Pontechianale	Province of Cuneo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Ganji (Persian: ده گنجي‎, also Romanized as Deh Ganjī and Deh-e Ganjī) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Ganji	Bezenjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piotrkowice Wielkie (pjɔtrkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Piotrkowice Wielkie	Gmina Koniusza
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLOS is a commercial FM album-oriented rock (AOR) radio station based in Los Angeles, California, that debuted in 1969.	KLOS	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mysłaki (mɨˈswaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mysłaki	Gmina Miłakowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malajnica (Vlach/Romanian: Mălainiţa, Serbian Cyrillic: Малајница) is a village in the municipality of Negotin, Serbia.	Malajnica	Negotin
located in the administrative territorial entity	CICW-FM is a radio station broadcasting community radio programming and a variety of music on the frequency of 92.9 (soon to be 101.1) MHz/FM in Elora and Fergus located in Centre Wellington, Ontario, Canada.	CICW-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Jehad-e Seh (Persian: تلمبه جهاد3‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Jehād-e Seh) is a village in Dashtab Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Jehad-e Seh	Dashtab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belo Horizonte is the capital of the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil's second most populous state.	Belo Horizonte	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phantom Lake YMCA Camp is a YMCA camp located in Mukwonago, Wisconsin, United States.	Phantom Lake YMCA Camp	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Standard Oil Service Station (also known as the Daniel's Standard Oil Service Station) is an historic service station site in Plant City, Florida, United States.	Standard Oil Service Station	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nifty Theatre in Waterville, Washington is a small movie theater.	Nifty Theatre	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kings Mountain National Military Park is a National Military Park near Blacksburg, South Carolina, along the North Carolina/South Carolina border.	Kings Mountain National Military Park	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czelin (ˈt͡ʂɛlin) (formerly German Zellin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieszkowice, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Czelin	Gmina Mieszkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rembert Mounds (9EB1) is an archaeological site in Elbert County, Georgia in the area that is now under the Clark Hill Reservoir on the Savannah River.	Rembert Mounds	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arcade Center Farm is a historic home and farm complex in Arcade, Wyoming County, New York.	Arcade Center Farm	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anaru-ye Yaieh (Persian: انارو ئيه‎, also Romanized as Anārū-ye Yaīeh; also known as Anārū) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Anaru-ye Yaieh	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paxon School for Advanced Studies (PSAS) is one of three International Baccalaureate senior high schools (the others being Stanton College Preparatory School, and Jean Ribault High School) in Duval County, Florida.	Paxon School for Advanced Studies	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crofton Park is a mainly residential suburb and electoral ward in the London Borough of Lewisham.	Crofton Park	London Borough of Lewisham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ćwikły-Krajewo (ˈt͡ɕfikwɨ kraˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Ćwikły-Krajewo	Gmina Kołaki Kościelne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doane Academy is a coeducational independent private day school located in Burlington, New Jersey.	Doane Academy	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al-Mazyunah is a settlement in the Dhofar Governorate of Oman, near the border with Yemen.	Al-Mazyunah	Dhofar Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kebagusan is administrative village (kelurahan in Indonesian) at Pasar Minggu subdistrict, South Jakarta.	Kebagusan	Pasar Minggu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jedovnice is a market town (městys) in the Blansko District of the South Moravian Region in the Czech Republic.	Jedovnice	Blansko District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garrigill, Cumbria is a small village in the North Pennine region of the UK situated on the banks and close to the source of the River South Tyne.	Garrigill	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aniołka-Parcele (aˈɲɔu̯ka parˈt͡sɛlɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Aniołka-Parcele	Gmina Trzcinica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paul R. Wharton High School (also known as Wharton) is a public high school located on Bruce B. Downs Boulevard in New Tampa, Florida .	Paul R. Wharton High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ennis House is a residential dwelling in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States, south of Griffith Park.	Ennis House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woźnawieś (vɔʑˈnavjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Woźnawieś	Gmina Rajgród
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chlewiszcze (xlɛˈviʂt͡ʂɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czeremcha, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Chlewiszcze	Gmina Czeremcha
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mirage is a 3,044 room Polynesian-themed hotel and casino resort located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, United States.	The Mirage	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDVL (102.5 FM, ``Cruiser 102'') is an American commercial radio station licensed to serve Devils Lake, North Dakota.	KDVL	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otowice (ɔtɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Otowice	Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Airy/Surry County Airport (ICAO: KMWK, FAA LID: MWK) is a public use airport located in the unincorporated Holly Springs community three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Mount Airy, a city in Surry County, North Carolina, United States.	Mount Airy/Surry County Airport	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reed Arena is a sports arena and entertainment venue located at the corner of Olsen Boulevard and Kimbrough Boulevard in College Station, Texas.	Reed Arena	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yaft Rural District (Persian: دهستان يافت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Yaft Rural District	Moradlu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Griffith Breese Farm is a historic farmstead in southern Allen County, Ohio, United States.	Griffith Breese Farm	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bear Creek Studio is a residential recording studio located in Woodinville, Washington situated in a barn on a 10 acre farm.	Bear Creek Studio	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The M. A. Benton House is an historic landmark in Fort Worth, Texas (USA), located on a four-lot corner at 1730 Sixth Avenue.	M. A. Benton House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Scales House, built c.1885 in Kirkland, Tennessee, United States, along with the William W. Johnson House, another Williamson County house, are notable as late 19th century central passage plan residences that ``display period decoration at eaves and porch.''	James Scales House	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carey Farm Site (7K-D-3) is a prehistoric Native American archaeological site in central Kent County, Delaware, near Dover.	Carey Farm Site	Kent County
located in the administrative territorial entity	François Lake is a lake located in British Columbia about 30 kilometers south of Burns Lake and 10 kilometers west of Fraser Lake.	François Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cap Aurora is a small Romanian summer-time seaside resort in the Mangalia municipality, Constanţa County.	Cap Aurora	Mangalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bronson Centre is a community facility in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada which provides office and meeting facilities for non-profit organisations.	Bronson Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daya District (Chinese: 大雅區; pinyin: Dàyǎ Qū; Taiwanese: Tāi-ngé) is a suburban district in Taichung, Taiwan.	Daya District	Taichung
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalehlu (Persian: قلعه لو‎, also Romanized as Qal``ehlū) is a village in Mulan Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 8 families.	Qalehlu	Mulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stamford Cone is a 14 metre high structural artwork in the shape of a cone built as a landmark feature for the headquarters building of UBS AG in Stamford, Connecticut.	Stamford Cone	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jedlno Pierwsze (ˈjɛdlnɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ładzice, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Jedlno Pierwsze	Gmina Ładzice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copp's Hill Terrace is an historic terrace and park between Commercial and Charter Streets west of Jackson Avenue on Copp's Hill in the North End of Boston, Massachusetts near Copp's Hill Burying Ground.	Copp's Hill Terrace	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torviscosa is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) south of Udine.	Torviscosa	Province of Udine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ellis School is a school building in Ashland, Wisconsin which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 17, 1980.	Ellis School	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komory Dąbrowne (kɔˈmɔrɨ dɔmˈbrɔvnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Komory Dąbrowne	Gmina Sońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beelu National Park is a national park east of Perth, Western Australia.	Beelu National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pine Bluff Arsenal (PBA) is a US Army installation located in Jefferson County, Arkansas, just northwest of the city of Pine Bluff.	Pine Bluff Arsenal	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faro District (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈfaɾu), Portuguese: Distrito de Faro) is the southernmost district of Portugal, coincident with the Algarve.	Faro District	Portugal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blaich (Scottish Gaelic: Blàthaich - noun buttermilk or verb to heat or warm) is a small community, on the south shore of Loch Eil on the A861 road, near Fort William, in the Ardgour area, Highlands of Scotland.	Blaich	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Meadows is a neighborhood located in the New Tampa district of Tampa, Florida.	West Meadows	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nantlle is a small village in the slate quarrying Nantlle Valley in Gwynedd, Wales.	Nantlle	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	KFLY is an American commercial adult album alternative music radio station in Eugene, Oregon, broadcasting to the Eugene-Springfield, Oregon area on 101.5 FM.	KFLY	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Khaneh (Persian: سياه خانه‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Khāneh and Sīyāh Khāneh) is a village in Anguran Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Siah Khaneh	Anguran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stołąż (ˈstɔwɔ̃ʂ) (German: Stölitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brojce, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stołąż	Gmina Brojce
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Malachi Church is a historic Irish Roman Catholic mission church on St. Malachi Road in rural Londonderry Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	St. Malachi Church	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakhsh Now Khas (Persian: بخش نوخاص‎, also Romanized as Bakhsh Now Khāṣ) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bakhsh Now Khas	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metropolis Municipal Airport (FAA LID: M30) is an airstrip 2 miles northwest of Metropolis, Illinois, United States.	Metropolis Municipal Airport	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Dodge Regional Airport (IATA: FOD, ICAO: KFOD, FAA LID: FOD) is a city owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Fort Dodge, a city in Webster County, Iowa, United States.	Fort Dodge Regional Airport	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berry Head is a coastal headland at the southern end of Torbay, to the southeast of Brixham, Devon, England.	Berry Head	Torbay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Continental Divide Raceways was a race track located in Castle Rock, Colorado.	Continental Divide Raceways	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malaita Province is one of the largest provinces of the Solomon Islands.	Malaita Province	Solomon Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highland Village Shopping Center is a mixed-use shopping center on Westheimer Road in Houston, Texas.	Highland Village Shopping Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podlipce (pɔdˈlipt͡sɛ) (German: Piepstock) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzyno, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Podlipce	Gmina Węgorzyno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahaloo Upazila (Bengali: কাহালু উপজেলা) is an upazila of Bogra District in the Division of Rajshahi, Bangladesh.	Kahaloo Upazila	Bogra District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beaumont Civic Center, in downtown Beaumont, Texas, is a 6,500-seat arena where concerts, conventions, trade shows and exhibitions are held.	Beaumont Civic Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flathead Tunnel is a 7.01-mile (11.3-km) railroad tunnel in the Rocky Mountains approximately 42 miles (67 km) to the west of Whitefish, Montana.	Flathead Tunnel	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prusewo (pruˈsɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Prusewo	Gmina Krokowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bald River Gorge Wilderness is a 3,721-acre (15 km2) wilderness area of Cherokee National Forest that lies within Monroe County in the U.S. state of Tennessee, designated in 1984.	Bald River Gorge Wilderness	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harris Switch Tower, also known as HG Tower or Harris Tower, is an interlocking tower in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Harris Switch Tower	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siasak (Persian: سياسك‎, also Romanized as Sīāsak) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Siasak	Tabadkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malinowice (malʲinɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary, within Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Malinowice	Gmina Psary
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Michigan (U-M, UM, UMich, or U of M), frequently referred to simply as Michigan, is a public research university located in Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States.	University of Michigan	Ann Arbor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orangeburg Municipal Airport (IATA: OGB, ICAO: KOGB, FAA LID: OGB) is a city owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) south of the central business district of Orangeburg, a city in Orangeburg County, South Carolina, United States.	Orangeburg Municipal Airport	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aston Sandford is a small village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire, England, about 1 mile (1.6 km) east of Haddenham and 4 miles (6.4 km) northwest of Princes Risborough.	Aston Sandford	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arkley Lane and Pastures is a 50 hectare Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation, Grade II, in Arkley in the London Borough of Barnet.	Arkley Lane and Pastures	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelleth is a small village in Cumbria, England, containing around a dozen houses and a toy factory.	Kelleth	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Relfs Bluff, Arkansas is a populated place in Lincoln County, Arkansas.	Relfs Bluff, Arkansas	Lincoln County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogdałów (bɔɡˈdawuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bogdałów	Gmina Brudzew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sepidareh-ye Darmeh (Persian: سپيداره دارمه‎, also Romanized as Sepīdāreh-ye Dārmeh; also known as Darmeh) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sepidareh-ye Darmeh	Gavork-e Nalin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wampierzów (vamˈpjɛʐuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice Górne, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wampierzów	Gmina Wadowice Górne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balmoral railway station is located in the townland of Ballygammon in south Belfast, County Antrim, Northern Ireland.	Balmoral railway station	Belfast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dangtu County (simplified Chinese: 当涂县; traditional Chinese: 當涂縣; pinyin: Dǎngtu Xiàn) is the only county under the jurisdiction of Ma'anshan City in eastern Anhui Province, People's Republic of China.	Dangtu County	Ma'anshan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Keyvan (Persian: سركيوان‎, also Romanized as Sar Keyvān and Sar-e Keyvān) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sar Keyvan	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Airds of Kells is a village in the parish of Kells, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.	Airds of Kells	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beni Israel Cemetery, also known as Cemetery Beni Israel, is an historic Jewish cemetery located at 1301 E. 2100 Road in Eudora, Douglas County, Kansas.	Beni Israel Cemetery	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taraori or Tarori or Tarawari, as it is sometimes called in the local dialect, is a city (Municipal committee) and a Tehsil Nilokheri, 16 km north of Karnal in Karnal district in the Indian state of Haryana.	Taraori	Karnal district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esas (Persian: اساس‎‎, also Romanized as Esās) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Esas	Rastupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Everett Station is an Amtrak train station serving the city of Everett, Washington.	Everett Station	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jashahr (Persian: جاشهر‎, also Romanized as Jāshahr) is a village in Arad Rural District, Arad District, Gerash County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jashahr	Arad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estádio Carlos de Alencar Pinto, better known as Vovozão, is a football stadium located in Fortaleza, Ceará, Brazil.	Estádio Carlos de Alencar Pinto	Fortaleza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joussard is a hamlet in northern Alberta within Big Lakes County, located 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) north of Highway 2, approximately 182 kilometres (113 mi) east of Grande Prairie.	Joussard	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakhtiaran (Persian: بختياران‎, also Romanized as Bakhtīārān) is a village in Rahal Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bakhtiaran	Rahal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vitulazio is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) north of Naples and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of Caserta.	Vitulazio	Province of Caserta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lurline Baths were public salt water baths built in 1894 in San Francisco, California at the corner of Bush and Larkin streets.	Lurline Baths	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Isle of May is located in the north of the outer Firth of Forth, approximately 8 km (5.0 mi) off the coast of mainland Scotland.	Isle of May	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riverbend Maximum Security Institution (RMSI) is a prison in Nashville, Tennessee, operated by the Tennessee Department of Correction.	Riverbend Maximum Security Institution	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dastjordeh-ye Sofla (Persian: دستجرده سفلي‎, also Romanized as Dastjordeh-ye Soflá; also known as Dastjerd-e Soflá) is a village in Dinavar Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dastjordeh-ye Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zollinger-Harned Company Building, now known as The Sovereign Building, is a historic department store building located at Allentown, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania.	Zollinger-Harned Company Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teymur Kuh (Persian: تيموركوه‎, also Romanized as Teymūr Kūh) is a village in Aliyan Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Teymur Kuh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whittall Mills is an historic industrial complex off Brussels Street in southern Worcester, Massachusetts.	Whittall Mills	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obersulm is a municipality in the district of Heilbronn, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, formed in the 1970-s as a merger of the formerly independent municipalities Affaltrach, Eichelberg, Eschenau, Sülzbach, Weiler, and Willsbach.	Obersulm	Heilbronn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montauban (French pronunciation: ​(mɔ̃.to.bɑ̃); Occitan: Montalban) is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyrénées region in southern France.	Montauban	Tarn-et-Garonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marzandeh (Persian: مرزنده‎) is a village in Natel-e Restaq Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Marzandeh	Natel-e Restaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabowo Gęsie (ɡraˈbɔvɔ ˈɡɛ̃ɕɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grabowo Gęsie	Gmina Krasne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Noel is a Miocene volcanic complex in the Chilcotin Group in British Columbia, Canada, located 7 km (4 mi) southwest of Bralorne and north of a tributary of Noel Creek.	Mount Noel	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Les Cours Mont-Royal is an upscale shopping centre in Downtown Montreal, Quebec which was converted from the former Mount Royal Hotel.	Les Cours Mont-Royal	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canadian Forces Base Toronto (also CFB Toronto) is a former Canadian Forces base in Toronto, Ontario.	CFB Toronto	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Grand Mall is a 340,000-square-foot shopping center serving the city of Ames, Iowa.	North Grand Mall	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cinisello Balsamo (tʃiniˈzɛllo ˈbalsamo) (Lombard: Cinisell Balsom) is a comune (municipality) of about 75,200 inhabitants in the Province of Milan in the Italian region of Lombardy, about 10 kilometres (6 mi) northeast of Milan city center.	Cinisello Balsamo	Province of Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yantarni Volcano is an andesitic stratovolcano in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Yantarni Volcano	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Jed Johnson, named for Jed Johnson (1888--1963), is third largest of thirteen small reservoirs in the Wichita Mountains National Wildlife Refuge, located in southwestern Oklahoma.	Lake Jed Johnson	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westercelle is a suburb of the district town of Celle in Lower Saxony, Germany, that lies 3 kilometres south of the town centre on the river Fuhse.	Westercelle	Celle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kungshamn (King's Harbour) is a locality and the seat of Sotenäs Municipality in Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 3071 citizens (in 2011).	Kungshamn	Sotenäs Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Tehuelches is a Chilean village (pop. 151) and capital of the commune (Spanish: comuna) of Laguna Blanca in the Magallanes Province, Magallanes and Antartica Chilena Region.	Villa Tehuelches	Laguna Blanca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budki-Rososz (ˈbutki ˈrɔsɔʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Budki-Rososz	Gmina Ryki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoosier Park is a racino including a thoroughbred and standardbred racetrack located in Anderson, Indiana, United States.	Hoosier Park	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Qaleh-ye Ha (Persian: سرقلعه ها‎, also Romanized as Sar Qal``eh-ye Hā) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District, in the Central District of Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 94, in 16 families.	Sar Qaleh-ye Ha	Kiyaras Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olszewo-Tosie (ɔlˈʂɛvɔ ˈtɔɕɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Olszewo-Tosie	Gmina Stupsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1765 or FM 1765 is a 7.969-mile (12.825 km) farm to market road in the U.S. state of Texas.	Farm to Market Road 1765	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rushworth Box-Ironbark Region is a 510 km2 fragmented and irregularly shaped tract of land that encompasses all the box--ironbark forest and woodland remnants used as winter feeding habitat by endangered swift parrots in the Rushworth-Heathcote region of central Victoria, south-eastern Australia.	Rushworth Box-Ironbark Region	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arcadia Sawmill and Arcadia Cotton Mill (also known as the Arcadia Mill Site or Escambia Manufacturing Company) is a historic site a mile southwest of Milton, Florida, United States.	Arcadia Sawmill and Arcadia Cotton Mill	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sarvant Glacier is a glacier located on the northern slopes of the Cowlitz Chimneys in Washington.	Sarvant Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Travno is an urban settlement of the Croatian capital of Zagreb, located in a city district of Novi Zagreb -- istok.	Travno	Novi Zagreb -- istok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malekeh Duzaqeh (Persian: مالکه دوزقه‎, also Romanized as Māleḵeh Dūzaqeh) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Malekeh Duzaqeh	Mazu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mills County Courthouse, built in 1913, is an historic 3-story redbrick Classical Revival style courthouse building located at 1011 Fourth Street in Goldthwaite, Texas.	Mills County Courthouse	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chonodote was an 18th-century village of the Cayuga nation of Iroquois Indians in what is now upstate New York, USA.	Chonodote	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pashabad (Persian: پشاباد‎, also Romanized as Pāshābād; also known as Pashehābād) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Pashabad	Zhavehrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gho Manhasan is a town and a Municipal committee in Jammu district in the state of Jammu & Kashmir, India.	Gho Manhasan	Jammu district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lee Metcalf National Wildlife Refuge is a 2,800-acre (1,100 ha) National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in southwestern Montana, U.S. Established in 1964 as Ravalli NWR, it was renamed in 1978 in honor of the late Senator Lee Metcalf, a native of Montana.	Lee Metcalf National Wildlife Refuge	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naijabad (Persian: نائيج اباد‎, also Romanized as Nā’ījābād) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Naijabad	Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Romeyleh-ye Sofla (Persian: رميله سفلي‎, also Romanized as Romeyleh-ye Soflá; also known as Romeyleh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Azadeh Rural District, Moshrageh District, Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Romeyleh-ye Sofla	Azadeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jegher (Persian: جغر‎, also Romanized as Jaghar; also known as Chigir, Chiqur, and Jeghīr) is a village in Ujan-e Sharqi Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jegher	Ujan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gesvan-e Yek (Persian: گسوان1‎, also Romanized as Geşvān-e Yek, Gaswané Yek, and Gesvān Yak; also known as Gīsovān-e Yek, and Gīsvān-e Yek) is a village in Veys Rural District, Veys District, Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gesvan-e Yek	Veys Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vinga is a commune in Arad County, western Romania, south of the county seat of Arad, with a population of 5,828 inhabitants (as of 2011).	Vinga	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Safi (Persian: محمدصافي‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Şāfī) is a village in Chenaneh Rural District, Fath Olmobin District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Safi	Chenaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zoar Norwegian Lutheran Church is a historic church in rural northeastern Day County, South Dakota.	Zoar Norwegian Lutheran Church	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Åsgreina or Åsgrenda is a village in Nannestad municipality, Norway.	Åsgreina	Nannestad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Lake High School is a public high school located in Washington Township, Logan County, Ohio, United States, near the village of Lewistown.	Indian Lake High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burwash Mine was a small gold property discovered in the fall of 1934 by Johnny Baker and Hugh Muir at Yellowknife Bay, Northwest Territories.	Burwash Mine	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grafton State School on 6th St., W., in Grafton, North Dakota was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.	Grafton State School	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	China World Trade Center Tower III is a supertall skyscraper with 81 floors, 4 underground floors, and 30 elevators in Beijing, China.	China World Trade Center Tower III	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puget Sound Plaza is a 21-story skyscraper in the Metropolitan Tract of Seattle, Washington.	Puget Sound Plaza	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jelcza (ˈjɛlt͡ʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Charsznica, within Miechów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Jelcza	Gmina Charsznica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Char Brahmanagar (Bengali: চর ব্রহ্মনগর) is a census town under Nabadwip police station of Krishnanagar Sadar subdivision in Nadia district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Char Brahmanagar	Nadia district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Naff House is a historic house at the northwest corner of 3rd Avenue and Fir Street in Portland, Arkansas.	Naff House	Portland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaśce (ˈjaɕt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jaśce	Gmina Pionki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bangs-Wineman Block on Fourth St., Devils Lake, North Dakota, USA, was built in 1895.	Bangs-Wineman Block	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jir Duzan (Persian: جيردوزان‎, also Romanized as Jīr Dūzān and Jīrdūzān; also known as Jīr Dezdān) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Jir Duzan	Dastjerd Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Theodore Roosevelt Inaugural National Historic Site preserves the Ansley Wilcox House, at 641 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York.	Theodore Roosevelt Inaugural National Historic Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonyadabad (Persian: بنياداباد‎, also Romanized as Bonyādābād; also known as Bonyābād and Mokīlān) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Bonyadabad	Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ojibway Provincial Park is about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southwest of Sioux Lookout on Highway 72 in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Ojibway Provincial Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gilcrease Expressway is a highway in Tulsa County, Oklahoma, United States.	Gilcrease Expressway	Tulsa County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramleje (ramˈlɛjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ramleje	Gmina Somonino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Botanic railway station serves the Botanic area in south Belfast, Northern Ireland and students for Queen's University Belfast it is also near Shaftesbury Square which is along Botanic Avenue.	Botanic railway station	Belfast
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George and Temperance Adams House on West 400 South in Orem, Utah was built in 1895 and was expanded in 1903.	George and Temperance Adams House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonkuiyeh (Persian: بنكوييه‎, also Romanized as Bonkū’īyeh; also known as Bon Kūh) is a village in Lalehzar Rural District, Lalehzar District, Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bonkuiyeh	Lalehzar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friday Nite Improvs, or Friday Night Improvs (FNI), is a long-running weekly improvisational comedy show staged on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Friday Nite Improvs	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komehr Rural District (Persian: دهستان كمهر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Komehr Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catumbi is a neighborhood in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil and includes the Morro da Mineira favela.	Catumbi	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makkada is a village in Kakkodi panchayath in Calicut district of Kerala state.	Makkada	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ashland Commercial Historic District is a designated historic district bounded by 13th Street, Carter Avenue, 18th Street, and Front Street in Downtown Ashland, Kentucky.	Ashland Commercial Historic District	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	River East Center is a Chicago skyscraper that is a part of the larger River East complex.	River East Center	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naknek Lake is a lake in southern Alaska, near the base of the Alaska Peninsula.	Naknek Lake	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirokabad (Persian: ميرك اباد‎, also Romanized as Mīrokābād; also known as Mīrūkābād) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Mirokabad	Khvormiz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarbhon is a village in the municipality of Bardoli in Surat district in the state of Gujarat, India.	Sarbhon	Surat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pan Am Pool is an indoor swimming facility in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada built for the 1967 Pan American Games.	Pan Am Pool	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Penobscot Marine Museum in Searsport, Maine, United States, is Maine's oldest maritime museum and is designed to preserve and educate people regarding Maine's and Searsport's rich and unique maritime and shipbuilding history.	Penobscot Marine Museum	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zitácuaro, officially known as Heroica Zitácuaro, is a city in the Mexican state of Michoacán.	Zitácuaro	Michoacán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annacis Island is an island located in the south arm of the Fraser River, in Delta, British Columbia.	Annacis Island	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ontario Air National Guard Station is a former California Air National Guard facility located alongside Ontario International Airport in Ontario, California.	Ontario Air National Guard Station	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nal Eshkanun (Persian: نال اشكنون‎, also Romanized as Nāl Eshkanūn) is a village in Holayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nal Eshkanun	Holayjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beleh Keh Rural District (Persian: دهستان بله كه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Beleh Keh Rural District	Alut District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wesley Brethren Church is an historic church in Wesley, Texas, United States.	Wesley Brethren Church	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Alvand (Persian: مزرعه الوند‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ālvand) is a village in Tankaman Rural District, Tankaman District, Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Alvand	Tankaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ the Redeemer Catholic Separate Regional Division No. 3 or Christ the Redeemer Catholic Schools is a publicly funded Catholic school jurisdiction serving students in a number of communities across southern Alberta, Canada.	Christ the Redeemer Catholic Separate Regional Division No. 3	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahrehana (Persian: بهره عنا‎, also Romanized as Bahrehʿanā) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bahrehana	Babuyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jay Bergman Field is a baseball stadium located on the main campus of the University of Central Florida in Orlando, Florida, USA.	Jay Bergman Field	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ma'alot Dafna (Hebrew: מעלות דפנה‎) is an Israeli settlement and neighborhood in East Jerusalem.	Ma'alot Dafna	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maerdy (Welsh: Y Maerdy) is a village and community in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, and within the historic county boundaries of Glamorgan, Wales, lying at the head of the Rhondda Fach Valley.	Maerdy	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Sheykh (Persian: حسين ابادشيخ‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sheykh) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Sheykh	Dodangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Stephen of the Abyssinians (Italian: Santo Stefano degli Abissini) is a Roman Catholic church located in Vatican City.	St Stephen of the Abyssinians	Vatican City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arnoltice (German Arnsdorf) is a village and municipality (obec) in Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Arnoltice	Děčín District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chockalog River is a river in the U.S. states of Massachusetts and Rhode Island.	Chockalog River	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wülflingen is a district in the Swiss city of Winterthur, situated in the lower Töss Valley.	Wülflingen	Winterthur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clonyn Castle also known as Delvin Castle, is a Victorian country house situated in Delvin, County Westmeath, Ireland some 18 km from Mullingar along the N52.	Clonyn Castle	County Westmeath
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshkali Avaz Hoseyn (Persian: اشكالي عوض حسين‎, also Romanized as Eshkālī ʿAvaz̤ Ḩoseyn) is a village in Ahram Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Eshkali Avaz Hoseyn	Ahram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J. W. Wood Building is a historic commercial building located at Lynchburg, Virginia.	J. W. Wood Building	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zatoń Dolna (ˈzatɔɲ ˈdɔlna) (German: Nieder Saathen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Zatoń Dolna	Gmina Chojna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kholuzin (Persian: خلوزين‎, also Romanized as Kholūzīn, Khaloozīn, Khelowzīn, and Kholowzīn; also known as Klujīn) is a village in Deh Chal Rural District, in the Central District of Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Kholuzin	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palazzo Orsini Pio Righetti (also Palazzo Pio) is a building in the Roman district of Parione.	Palazzo Orsini Pio Righetti	Parione
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chilak (Persian: چيلك‎, also Romanized as Chīlak and Chīlek) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Chilak	Quri Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piss Pot Island is an island on the South Branch Potomac River west of Romney in Hampshire County, West Virginia.	Piss Pot Island	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zwóz (zvus) (German Zwoss) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrodzień, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zwóz	Gmina Dobrodzień
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Erie Race Track is a horse racing facility in Fort Erie, Ontario, Canada built by the Fort Erie Jockey Club and inaugurated on June 16, 1897.	Fort Erie Race Track	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qabr-e Ramezan (Persian: قبررمضان‎‎, also Romanized as Qabr-e Rameẕān) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Qabr-e Ramezan	Qaedrahmat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beizaoxian Township (simplified Chinese: 北早现乡; traditional Chinese: 北早現鄉; pinyin: Běizǎoxiàn Xiāng) is a township of Zhengding County, Hebei, China, located around 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) northwest of the county seat.	Beizaoxian Township	Zhengding County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Homestead Seaboard Air Line Railway Station is a historic Seaboard Air Line Railroad depot in Homestead, Florida.	Homestead Seaboard Air Line Railway Station	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menston is a village and civil parish in the county of West Yorkshire, England.	Menston	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camborne (Cornish: Kammbronn, 'Crooked Hill') is a town and civil parish in west Cornwall, England, UK.	Camborne	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Curtis, also known as the Executive Tower, is a 350 ft (107m) tall skyscraper in Denver, Colorado.	The Curtis	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donghuamen Subdistrict (Chinese: 东华门街道) is a subdistrict in Dongcheng District, Beijing, China.	Donghuamen Subdistrict	Dongcheng District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Genevieve E. Yates Memorial Centre houses two performance theatres in downtown Lethbridge, Alberta.	Genevieve E. Yates Memorial Centre	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nangli Sakrawati is a village on the outskirts of Najafgarh in South West Delhi district of the National Capital Territory of Delhi.	Nangli Sakrawati	South West Delhi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goldhawk Road station is a London Underground station located in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham, on the south side of Goldhawk Road, about 250m west of Shepherd's Bush Green.	Goldhawk Road	London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Azerbaijan State Academic Drama Theatre (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Akademik Milli Dram Teatrı) is an academic theatre of drama in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Azerbaijan State Academic Drama Theatre	Baku
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 2212 W. River Drive is located in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	House at 2212 W. River Drive	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chestnut Hill College is a coeducational Roman Catholic college in the Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA within the Archdiocese of Philadelphia.	Chestnut Hill College	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Point Light is a lighthouse located in Lake Park on the East Side of Milwaukee in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.	North Point Light	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Parramatta is a man-made reservoir located near Parramatta in the Western Sydney region of New South Wales, Australia.	Lake Parramatta	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hegyhátszentjakab is a village in Vas County, in the west region of Hungary.	Hegyhátszentjakab	Vas County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Earnscliffe is a Victorian manor in Ottawa, Ontario.	Earnscliffe	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khayiz (Persian: خاييز‎, also Romanized as Khāyīz; also known as Khāvīz) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khayiz	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ford's Theatre is a historic theatre in Washington, D.C., used for various stage performances beginning in the 1860s.	Ford's Theatre	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokal Raion (Ukrainian: Сокальський район, Sokal’s’kyi raion) is a raion (district) of Lviv Oblast (region) in western Ukraine.	Sokal Raion	Lviv Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Girard Public Library, a Carnegie library, was established in 1899 in Girard, Kansas, United States.	Girard Public Library	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Lowell was a United States Army post active from 1873 to 1891 on the outskirts of Tucson, Arizona.	Fort Lowell	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King Edward VII Memorial is a sculpture in memory of King Edward VII, located in Centenary Square, Birmingham, England.	King Edward VII Memorial	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruby Skye is a popular nightclub in the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco, California.	Ruby Skye	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gelahak (Persian: گل اهك‎, also Romanized as Gelāhaḵ) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District, Rudehen District, Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Gelahak	Mehrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Covina massacre occurred on December 24 2008, in Covina, a city in the suburbs of Los Angeles, California, United States.	Covina massacre	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babyntsi (Ukrainian: Бабинці) is an urban-type settlement in Borodianka Raion (district) of Kiev Oblast (province) in northern Ukraine.	Babyntsi	Borodianka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parc Howard Museum & Art Gallery is a museum in a 19th-century Italianate country house, situated in 24 acres (9.7 ha) of parkland, north of the town centre of Llanelli in Carmarthenshire, Wales.	Parc Howard Museum	Llanelli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kruškik (Serbian: Крушкик) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kruškik	Gradiška
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berry High School is a high public high school located in Berry, Alabama.	Berry High School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łask County (Polish: powiat łaski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Łódź Voivodeship, central Poland.	Łask County	Łódź Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aligudarz County (Persian: شهرستان الیگودرز‎‎) is a county in Lorestan Province in Iran.	Aligudarz County	Lorestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzikówko (d͡ʑiˈkufkɔ) (German: Neu Dieckow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dzikówko	Gmina Barlinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Killantringan Lighthouse is a lighthouse located near Portpatrick in Dumfries and Galloway, south-west Scotland.	Killantringan Lighthouse	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montée des Carmélites is one of the oldest streets of Lyon, dating from Roman times, located in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon.	Montée des Carmélites	1st arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuty (Ukrainian: Кути translit. Kuty, Armenian: Կուտի, German: Kutten, Polish: Kuty, Yiddish: קוטוב translit. Kitev, Romanian: Cuturi) is an urban-type settlement in Ukraine, on the Cheremosh river, located in Kosiv Raion of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast.	Kuty	Kosiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wainwright Air Station (ICAO: PAWT, FAA LID: AK03) is a military airport located in Wainwright, Alaska.	Wainwright Air Station	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Balkhan (Persian: حاجي بلخان‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Balkhān, Ḩājjī Belkhān, and Haji Balkhan; also known as Bālā Khān Ḩājjī) is a village in Fajr Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Hajji Balkhan	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kampong Leaeng District (Khmer: ស្រុកកំពង់លែង) is a district (srok) in the north east of Kampong Chhnang Province, in central Cambodia.	Kampong Leaeng District	Kampong Chhnang Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bestwiny (bɛstˈfinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bestwiny	Gmina Siennica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Still Creek Ranch or Still Creek Christian Academy is an accredited Christian school and fully functional ranch located 15 miles from Bryan, Texas on approximately 200 acres of land.	Still Creek Ranch	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nia Nia is a village in the extreme west of the Mambasa Territory of the Ituri Interim Administration in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Nia Nia	Mambasa Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haraicha हरैंचा is a town center under Kosi Haraicha Municipality in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	Haraicha	Morang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southern James Bay is a Canadian coastal wetland complex in northeastern Ontario bordering James Bay and Quebec.	Southern James Bay	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	There was a speculation going on that Meerpet may opt for its own Municipality as merging with the Greater Hyderabad would mean that there would be no more elected posts like Ward members etc. On December 24, 2009, a relatively peaceful Meerpet saw protests in the wake of the Telangana movement.	Meerpet	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Texas Yamboree, a four-day event held annually during the third weekend of October in Gilmer, Texas, celebrates the sweet potato (called a ``yam'' in the United States) as a former cash crop, drawing thousands of tourists to the city for the occasion.	Yamboree	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Muskoday First Nation (formerly the John Smith First Nation) is a First Nation band government in Saskatchewan, Canada, composed of Cree and Saulteaux peoples.	Muskoday First Nation	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mildred B. Cooper Memorial Chapel is a chapel located in Bella Vista, Arkansas, designed by E. Fay Jones and constructed in 1988.	Mildred B. Cooper Memorial Chapel	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turew (ˈturɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Turew	Gmina Kościan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The O2 Arena, referred to as North Greenwich Arena in the context of the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics, is a multi-purpose indoor arena located in the centre of The O2, a large entertainment complex on the Greenwich Peninsula in London.	The O2 Arena	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lechlade, or Lechlade-on-Thames, is a town at the southern edge of the Cotswolds in Gloucestershire, England.	Lechlade	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Kamal (Persian: حاجي كمال‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kamāl) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hajji Kamal	Dehdez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mankuzhipadi is a small place between Mallappally and Nedungadappally in Kerala, India.	Mankuzhipadi	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowriz (Persian: جوريز‎, also Romanized as Jowrīz; also known as Chow Rīz and Chowrīz) is a village in Golshan Rural District, in the Central District of Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jowriz	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanmadoc Hill is a 186-metre-high hill at the northwestern corner of the Gower Peninsula west of Swansea in South Wales.	Llanmadoc Hill	Swansea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Morgh (Persian: چاه مرغ‎, also Romanized as Chāh Morgh) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District, Ahmadi District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chah Morgh	Ahmadi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayyubiyah (Arabic: أيو‎, also known as Ayyo) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located south of Hama.	Ayyubiyah	Hama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Efail Isaf is a small village located to the south of Llantwit Fardre in south Wales and is located in the County Borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf within the community of Llantwit Fardre.	Efail Isaf	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Station nightclub fire occurred on Thursday, February 20, 2003, in West Warwick, Rhode Island.	The Station nightclub fire	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hareh Dasht (Persian: هره دشت‎; also known as 'Haradasht, Harah Dasht-e Jonūbī, and Kharadasht) is a village in Lisar Rural District, Kargan Rud District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hareh Dasht	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shadingfield is a village in the English county of Suffolk located approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) south of Beccles along the A145.	Shadingfield	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mark Morris Dance Center is located in the Fort Greene neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York, at 3 Lafayette Avenue, on the corner of Flatbush Avenue.	Mark Morris Dance Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberdeen Art Gallery is the main visual arts exhibition space in the city of Aberdeen, Scotland.	Aberdeen Art Gallery	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Saqaveh (Persian: شهنك سقاوه‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Saqāveh; also known as Sagawah, Sagaweh, Saqāveh, Seh Gāveh, and Seqāveh) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Saqaveh	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rohnerville Airport (ICAO: KFOT, FAA LID: FOT) is a public airport located 3 miles (4.8 km) southeast of Fortuna in Humboldt County, California.	Rohnerville Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	St George's Church of England School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in Gravesend in the English county of Kent.	St George's Church of England School	Gravesend
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hale Springs Inn, built in 1824 on the Courthouse Square in Rogersville, Tennessee, was the oldest continuously-operated Inn in Tennessee.	Hale Springs Inn	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Betchcott is a hamlet near the villages of Picklescott and Woolstaston in Shropshire, England.	Betchcott	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oudewater was an important border city between Holland and Utrecht.	Oudewater	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Francisco National Cemetery is a U.S. National Cemetery, located in the Presidio of San Francisco, California.	San Francisco National Cemetery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jones Gap State Park is a South Carolina state park in northern Greenville County, near Marietta.	Jones Gap State Park	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoke Lyne is a village and civil parish about 4 miles (6.4 km) north of Bicester, Oxfordshire in southern England.	Stoke Lyne	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whiting is a performing arts venue located on the Flint Cultural Center campus in Flint, Michigan.	The Whiting	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehradun district ( pronunciation ) is a district of Uttarakhand state in northern India.	Dehradun district	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	The name Inwa (အင်းဝ) literally means ``mouth of the Lake'', reflecting its geographical location at the mouth of lakes in the Kyaukse District.	Inwa	Kyaukse District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Cruz das Flores (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈsɐ̃tɐ ˈkɾuʒ ðɐʃ ˈfloɾɨʃ)) is a municipality in Portugal, located across from the island of Corvo on the island of Flores, in the western part of the autonomous region of Azores.	Santa Cruz das Flores	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rita Ranch is a masterplanned community located in southeastern Tucson, Arizona.	Rita Ranch	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Logan was a World War I-era army training camp in Houston, Texas.	Camp Logan	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gostynie (ɡɔsˈtɨɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gostynie	Gmina Ceków-Kolonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkintilloch Town Hall is a category B listed building in Kirkintilloch, East Dunbartonshire, Scotland.	Kirkintilloch Town Hall	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Régiment de la Chaudière came ashore at Bernières-sur-Mer along with The Queen's Own Rifles of Canada, surprising the locals who hadn't expected to find francophone troops in the liberating forces.	Régiment de la Chaudière	Canada
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVNA-FM (100.1 FM, ``100.One'') is a commercial radio station in Flagstaff, Arizona broadcasting an Adult Album Alternative format.	KVNA-FM	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wachusett Regional High School (abbv. WRHS) is located in Holden, Massachusetts and services the Wachusett Regional School District.	Wachusett Regional High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mater Women's and Children's Hospital in Hyde Park Townsville, Queensland was established in 2007 when the Sisters of Mercy (Mater Health Services North Queensland) bought the competing private obstetric hospital, the Wesley/Park Haven Hospital.	Mater Women's and Children's Hospital	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neyjeh (Persian: نيجه‎, also Romanized as Ney Jeh; also known as Neyīeh and Nīyeh) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District, Salafchegan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Neyjeh	Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Petit Palais (small palace) is an art museum in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Petit Palais	8th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDST is a Country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Dyersville, Iowa, serving Dubuque, Delaware counties in Iowa.	KDST	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żywki Małe (ˈʐɨfki ˈmawɛ) (German: Luisenhof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żywki Małe	Gmina Kruklanki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tynedale was a local government district in south-west Northumberland, England.	Tynedale	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Togdheer (Somali: Togdheer, Arabic: تُوجدَير‎) is an administrative region (gobol) in northwestern Somalia.	Togdheer	Somalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dozdabad (Persian: دزداباد‎, also Romanized as Dozdābād and Duzdābād) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Dozdabad	Jamabrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Side Yard (officially the John D. Caemmerer West Side Yard) is a rail yard owned by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority on the west side of Manhattan in New York City.	West Side Yard	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haftkhan (Persian: هفت خان‎, also Romanized as Haftkhān; also known as Hafkūn and Haft Khvān) is a village in Banesh Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Haftkhan	Banesh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rio Grande Gorge is a geological feature in northern New Mexico where the watercourse of the Rio Grande follows a tectonic chasm.	Rio Grande Gorge	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bettws Newydd (Welsh: Betws Newydd) is a small village in Monmouthshire, in southeast Wales located about 3 1⁄2 miles (5.6 km) north of Usk, a few miles south of Clytha near Raglan, Monmouthshire.	Bettws Newydd	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alakan (Persian: الاكان‎, also Romanized as Ālākān and Alākān; also known as Ālkān) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Alakan	Babuyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tameh (Persian: طامه‎, also Romanized as Ţāmeh; also known as Tehāmi) is a village in Karkas Rural District, in the Central District of Natanz County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Tameh	Karkas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arengan (Persian: ارنگان‎, also Romanized as Ārengān) is a village in Gohreh Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Arengan	Gohreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ses Salines is a small municipality of Majorca, one of the Balearic Islands, Spain.	Ses Salines	Balearic Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liuskasaari (Swedish: Skifferholmen) is an island located south of Helsinki, Finland.	Liuskasaari	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Divrasai is a village in the Bharthana mandal of Etawah district in the state of Uttar Pradesh.	Divrasai	Etawah district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sojec (ˈsɔjɛt͡s) (German Falkenhorst) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sojec	Gmina Bierzwnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annean Station is a pastoral lease in Western Australia.	Annean Station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KGOU is a National Public Radio member News/Talk/Jazz music/Blues music radio station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by the University of Oklahoma.	KGOU	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zwola Poduchowna (ˈzvɔla pɔduˈxɔvna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastków Kościelny, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zwola Poduchowna	Gmina Miastków Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Sorkheh Seyyed Reza (Persian: چشمه سرخه صيدرضا‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sorkheh Seyyed Rez̤ā) is a village in Afrineh Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Sorkheh Seyyed Reza	Afrineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Więsławice-Parcele (vjɛ̃swaˈvit͡sɛ parˈt͡sɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Więsławice-Parcele	Gmina Kowal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rasipalayam is a suburb in Coimbatore of panchayat under Sulur town in Coimbatore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Rasipalayam	Coimbatore district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Schell Peak is the highest mountain in the Schell Creek Range of White Pine County, Nevada, United States.	North Schell Peak	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhilawadi (Hindi: भिलवडी) is a town (Neighbourhood) of Sangli City which is 27 km away from the heart of City Sangli in Sangli district, Maharashtra state, located on the bank of Krishna River.	Bhilawadi	Sangli
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quaker Manor House is a historic building located at 1165 Pinetown Road in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Quaker Manor House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhudike is a village in Moga-I Tehsil in Moga district of Punjab state, India.	Dhudike	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhadgaon (also known as Akrani or Akrani Mahal) is a tehsil in Talode subdivision of Nandurbar district, Maharashtra, India.	Dhadgaon	India
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mir Kola (Persian: ميركلا‎, also Romanized as Mīr Kolā, 'Mīr Kalā, and Mirkola) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mir Kola	Zanus Rastaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hohokam Stadium, also known as Dwight W. Patterson Field and formerly Hohokam Park (1997--2013), is a 10,500-seat baseball park located in Mesa, Arizona.	Hohokam Stadium	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golablu (Persian: گلابلو‎, also Romanized as Golāblū) is a village in Anguran Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Golablu	Anguran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broad Margin is a private residence in Greenville, South Carolina.	Broad Margin	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrowa-Dołęgi (dɔmˈbrɔva dɔˈwɛnɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dąbrowa-Dołęgi	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Han-sur-Lesse (French pronunciation: ​(ɑ̃syʁˈlɛs), in Walloon: Han-so-Lesse) is a village in the municipality of Rochefort, Namur Province, Belgium.	Han-sur-Lesse	Rochefort
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isigny-sur-Mer (pronounced: (iziɲi syʁ mɛːʁ)) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.	Isigny-sur-Mer	Calvados
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pożarki (pɔˈʐarki) (German Pohiebels) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pożarki	Gmina Kętrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marshall Memorial Municipal Airport (IATA: MHL, ICAO: KMHL, FAA LID: MHL) is a city owned, use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) south of the central business district of Marshall, a city in Saline County, Missouri, United States.	Marshall Memorial Municipal Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajab Shir (Persian: عجب شير‎‎; also Romanized as ``Ajab Shīr; also known as Ajabshahr) is a city in and the capital of Ajab Shir County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.The city's population is Azerbaijanis. At the 2006 census, its population was 26,235, in 6,767 families.	Ajab Shir	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sievierodonetsk (Ukrainian: Сєвєродонецьк; Russian: Северодонецк, Severodonetsk) is a city in the Luhansk Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine.	Sievierodonetsk	Luhansk Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szwaruny (ʂfaˈrunɨ) (German: Gross Schwaraunen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Szwaruny	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nerstrand-Big Woods State Park is a state park of Minnesota, USA, northeast of Faribault near the small town of Nerstrand.	Nerstrand-Big Woods State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingsway College is a high school in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada, with a Seventh-day Adventist environment.	Kingsway College	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homewood Mountain Resort is a ski area located on the west shore of Lake Tahoe in the state of California, a few miles south of Tahoe City in the town of Homewood.	Homewood Mountain Resort	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sechna (ˈsɛxna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laskowa, within Limanowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Sechna	Gmina Laskowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aryad is one of the main panchayaths in Alappuzha district in the Kerala state of southern India.	Aryad	Alappuzha district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Community Hospital of Long Beach is an acute care hospital in Long Beach, California.	Community Hospital of Long Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pickering Airport is a proposed international airport to be built directly north-east of Toronto in Pickering, Ontario, Canada, approximately 65 km (40 mi) east of Toronto Pearson International Airport.	Pickering Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Igłowice (iɡwɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German Haugendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Igłowice	Gmina Namysłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bacone College is a private four-year liberal arts college in Muskogee, Oklahoma, United States.	Bacone College	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ystumtuen is a small village in northern Ceredigion, Wales above the valley of the River Rheidol.	Ystumtuen	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dulles Technology Corridor is a business cluster containing many defense and technology companies, located in Northern Virginia near Washington Dulles International Airport.	Dulles Technology Corridor	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xalisco (Spanish pronunciation: (xaˈlisko)) is a city and its surrounding municipality of the same in the Mexican state of Nayarit.	Xalisco	Nayarit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karnówko (karˈnufkɔ) (German: Altlinden; until 1906: Karnowke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nakło nad Notecią, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Karnówko	Gmina Nakło nad Notecią
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tinun (Persian: تينون‎, also Romanized as Tīnūn; also known as Tīnūs and Tītūn) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tinun	Derakhtengan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTKK (630 AM) is a news/talk radio station broadcasting out of Sandy, Utah, to the Salt Lake City area.	KTKK	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Baddow is a village to the east of Chelmsford, Essex.	Little Baddow	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiriaco Summit Airport (FAA LID: L77) is a county-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) northeast of the central business district of Chiriaco Summit, in Riverside County, California, United States.	Chiriaco Summit Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laakso is neighbourhood #18 in the official neighbourhood numbering of Helsinki, and belongs to the district of Reijola.	Laakso	Reijola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chožov (German: Koschow) is a village and municipality (obec) in Louny District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Chožov	Louny District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clatt (Gaelic cleithe, 'concealed'), is a village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Clatt	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tribeca Grill is a New American restaurant located at 375 Greenwich Street (at Franklin Street) in Tribeca, Manhattan, in New York City, co-owned by Robert De Niro, Drew Nieporent and Lou Diamond Phillips, among others.	Tribeca Grill	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mordar Keshan (Persian: مردار كشان‎, also Romanized as Mordār Keshān) is a village in Tus Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mordar Keshan	Tus Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hermann Historic District in Hermann, Missouri is a historic district that dates from 1838.	Hermann Historic District	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grubsko (ˈɡrupskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Tomyśl, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Grubsko	Gmina Nowy Tomyśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles C. Glover Memorial Bridge or Massachusetts Avenue Bridge in Northwest Washington, D.C. conveys Massachusetts Avenue over Rock Creek and Rock Creek Park.	Charles C. Glover Memorial Bridge	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bull Run Mountains are a mountain range of the Blue Ridge Mountains in northern Virginia in the United States.	Bull Run Mountains	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drożdżyce (drɔʐˈd͡ʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stęszew, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Drożdżyce	Gmina Stęszew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heule is a submunicipality of the city of Kortrijk in the Belgian province of West Flanders.	Heule	Kortrijk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mah Banu (Persian: ماه بانو‎, also Romanized as Māh Bānū) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mah Banu	Miyandasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padovo pri Osilnici (pronounced (ˈpaːdɔʋɔ pɾi ɔˈsiːu̯nitsi); in older sources also Padova, German: Padua) is a small settlement in the hills above the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia.	Padovo pri Osilnici	Osilnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montezuma Castle National Monument protects a set of well-preserved Ancestral Puebloan cliff dwellings near the town of Camp Verde, Arizona, United States.	Montezuma Castle National Monument	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makapanstad is a village and the seat of the Moretele Local Municipality, falling under Bojanala District Municipality in the North West province of South Africa.	Makapanstad	Moretele Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kartepe is a town and district of Kocaeli Province, Turkey.	Kartepe	Kocaeli Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zard Khoshuiyeh (Persian: زردخشوييه‎, also Romanized as Zard Khoshū’īyeh) is a village in Cham Rud Rural District, Bagh-e Bahadoran District, Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Zard Khoshuiyeh	Cham Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in Vershire, Vermont, The Mountain School was originally a four-year residential high school started in 1963 by Mac and Doris Conard.	The Mountain School	Vershire, Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chotylub (xɔˈtɨlup) (Ukrainian: Хотилюб, Khotyliub) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszanów, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Chotylub	Gmina Cieszanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Haji Issa (Persian: چاه حاجی عیسی ‎) is a village in Shuru Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Haji Issa	Shuru Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matthias Church (Hungarian: Mátyás-templom) is a Roman Catholic church located in Budapest, Hungary, in front of the Fisherman's Bastion at the heart of Buda's Castle District.	Matthias Church	Budapest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mir Khan (Persian: ميرخان‎, also Romanized as Mīr Khān, Mīghān, and Mīr Khūn) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mir Khan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moqavemat (Persian: مقاومت‎, meaning ``resistance'', a reference to the Iran-Iraq War) is a city in the Central District of Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Moqavemat	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banior is a village in Nalhati-i Block in Birbhum District in the Indian state of West Bengal near the West Bengal / Jharkhand border.	Banior	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oeldorf Building, also known as Wetherell's Jewelers, is a historic commercial building located at Parkersburg in Wood County, West Virginia, United States.	Oeldorf Building	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Murchison is a man made water reservoir located in the Western region of Tasmania, Australia.	Lake Murchison	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dantaramgarh (also Danta Ramgarh) is a city and a municipality in Sikar district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Dantaramgarh	Sikar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albert Kahn Building (formerly New Center Building) is an office building located at 7430 Second Avenue in the New Center area of Detroit, Michigan completed in 1931.	Albert Kahn Building	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richard J. Codey Arena at South Mountain (formerly the South Mountain Arena) is an ice hockey and ice skating arena in West Orange, New Jersey as part of the South Mountain Recreation Complex.	Richard J. Codey Arena	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kennedy-Wade Mill, or Wade's Mill, is a grist mill and national historic district located in Raphine, Virginia and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Kennedy-Wade Mill	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenar Faryab (Persian: چنارفارياب‎, also Romanized as Chenār Fāryāb, Chenār-e Fāryāb, and Chenār Fārīāb; also known as Chenār Pāryāb) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chenar Faryab	Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Basilica Palladiana is a Renaissance building in the central Piazza dei Signori in Vicenza, north-eastern Italy.	Basilica Palladiana	Vicenza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Gheybi (Persian: قره غيبي‎, also Romanized as Qarah Gheybī and Qareh Gheybī; also known as Qara Kol) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qarah Gheybi	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pipili (also known as Pipli) is a town and a NAC under jurisdiction of Puri district in the Indian state of Odisha.	Pipili	Puri district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dort Federal Credit Union Event Center (originally IMA Sports Arena and formerly Perani Arena and Event Center) is a sports, entertainment and convention venue located in Flint, Michigan.	Dort Federal Credit Union Event Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toano Range is a mountain range located in eastern Elko County, Nevada in the United States.	Toano Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilard (Persian: ايلرد‎, also Romanized as Īlard) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Ilard	Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilderness National Park, also called the Wilderness Section, is located around the seaside town of Wilderness between the larger towns of George and Knysna, in the Western Cape.	Wilderness National Park	Western Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yawning Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington, on the east slopes of Magic Mountain.	Yawning Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Buckland is a small village and civil parish in the North Devon district of Devon, England, next to the village of West Buckland.	East Buckland	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Village of La Jolla, often simply referred to as the Village, is the center--downtown area of La Jolla, a community within San Diego, on the South Coast of California.	Village of La Jolla	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dardagny Castle is a castle in the municipality of Dardagny in the Canton of Geneva in Switzerland.	Dardagny Castle	Canton of Geneva
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Granada Theater at 2007 Centre Avenue in the Hill District neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was built in 1927 and 1928.	New Granada Theater	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podjezioro (pɔdjɛˈʑɔrɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Podjezioro	Gmina Kamieńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruskołęka-Parcele (ruskɔˈwɛŋka parˈt͡sɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ruskołęka-Parcele	Gmina Andrzejewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weotinga (or Weotenga) is a town in the Zam Department of Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso.	Weotinga	Zam Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castillo de Guardias Viejas is a castle located in the town of Los Baños de Guardias Viejas, within the municipality of El Ejido, Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	Castillo de Guardias Viejas	El Ejido
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forward Wind Energy Center is a wind farm in Dodge and Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin near Brownsville, Wisconsin.	Forward Wind Energy Center	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burpee and Mills is a township in the Canadian province of Ontario.	Burpee and Mills	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solon High School, founded in 1898, is a public high school located in Solon, Ohio, a southeastern suburb of Cleveland in the Northeast Ohio Region, the 15th largest Combined Statistical Area in the United States.	Solon High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grove Hill New Mission Church (also known as Omena Presbyterian Church) is a historic church located at 5098 North West Bay Shore (M-22) in Omena, Michigan.	Grove Hill New Mission Church	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dong'an County (simplified Chinese: 东安县; traditional Chinese: 東安縣; pinyin: Dōng'ān Xiàn; literally: ``eastern peace'') is under the administration of Yongzhou, Hunan province, China.	Dong'an County	Yongzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pana, Burkina Faso is a village in the Pompoï Department of Balé Province in southern Burkina Faso, Africa.	Pana, Burkina Faso	Pompoï Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Picket Range is a small, extremely rugged subrange of the North Cascades in the northwestern part of the American state of Washington.	Picket Range	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ružinov (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈruʒinow)) is a borough of eastern Bratislava.	Ružinov	Bratislava
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knobs State Forest is a state forest located in Bullitt County, Kentucky, United States.	Knobs State Forest	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Harvey Collegiate Institute is a high school in Toronto, Ontario, Canada located at 1700 Keele Street.	George Harvey Collegiate Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramkrishnapur is a village in West Bengal, India, falling under the jurisdiction of Dakshin Dinajpur district.	Ramkrishnapur	West Bengal	Dakshin Dinajpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Naiyeh (Persian: ده ناييه‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Nāīyeh) is a village in Siyah Banuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Naiyeh	Siyah Banuiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamchatka Oblast (Russian: Камча́тская о́бласть, Kamchatskaya oblast) was, until being incorporated into Kamchatka Krai on July 1, 2007, a federal subject of Russia (an oblast).	Kamchatka Oblast	Russia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodwannick Manor is a house north of Lanivet in mid Cornwall, England, Uk.	Bodwannick	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nożynko (nɔˈʐɨŋkɔ) (German Klein Nossin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nożynko	Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peter Jeppesen House is a house located in north Portland, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Peter Jeppesen House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Shur (Persian: دشتشور‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Shūr, Dasht-i-Shūr, and Dasht Shūr) is a village in Efzar Rural District, Efzar District, Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Shur	Efzar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashland Theological Seminary (ATS) is an evangelical seminary located in Ashland, Ohio, with siteslocated in Cleveland, OH, Columbus, OH, and Detroit, MI.	Ashland Theological Seminary	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The village of Montevecchio (Gennas Serapis in Sardinian language) is a frazione of the municipality of Guspini, while the mines are situated in the municipalities of both Arbus and Guspini.	Montevecchio	Guspini
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ipikil is a village nestled on Sulphur Bay on the island of Tanna in Vanuatu, set between New Guinea and Fiji.	Ipikil	Tanna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masełkowice (masɛu̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Masełkowice	Gmina Niechlów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garneau Theatre is a historic movie theatre located on 109 Street in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Garneau Theatre	Edmonton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apparao Palem is a village (with a gram panchayat) of Atmakur, Nellore district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Apparao Palem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Vincent Academy (SVA), is a four-year, Catholic, college preparatory school for women located on West Market Street in Newark, New Jersey, United States.	Saint Vincent Academy	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neos Kosmos station is an interchange station between Athens Metro Line 2 and the Athens Tram.	Neos Kosmos station	Athens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anteater Stadium is a 2,500 seat multi-purpose stadium on the campus of University of California, Irvine in Irvine, California.	Anteater Stadium	Irvine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Taq Bon (Persian: چهارطاقبن‎, also Romanized as Chahār Ţāq Bon) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District, in the Central District of Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chahar Taq Bon	Siyahrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czermnica (t͡ʂɛrmˈnit͡sa) (German: Rothenfier) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Czermnica	Gmina Nowogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spišská Stará Ves (German: Alt(en)dorf; Hungarian: Szepesófalu; Polish: (Stara) Spiska Wieś; Latin: Antiqua Villa) is a small town and urban municipality in Kežmarok District in the Prešov Region of north Slovakia.	Spišská Stará Ves	Kežmarok District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Mahalleh-ye Keshteli (Persian: پائين محله كشتلي‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh-ye Keshtelī) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Mahalleh-ye Keshteli	Gatab-e Shomali Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sztombergi (ʂtɔmˈbɛrɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Sztombergi	Gmina Staszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Reading High School is the public high school serving students in grades 9-12 from the town of North Reading, Massachusetts.	North Reading High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	WVPE (88.1 FM) is the National Public Radio member station for the Michiana region of northern Indiana and southwest Michigan.	WVPE	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sosenkowo (sɔsɛŋˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sosenkowo	Gmina Naruszewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashperton is a small village about twelve miles east of Hereford, in Herefordshire, England.	Ashperton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapel Hill Mall is a one-story, 860,000 sq ft (80,000 m2) enclosed mall located at 2000 Brittain Road in Akron, Ohio.	Chapel Hill Mall	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aimin District (simplified Chinese: 爱民区; traditional Chinese: 愛民區; pinyin: Àimín Qū) is a district of Mudanjiang, Heilongjiang, People's Republic of China.	Aimin District	Mudanjiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zabór Wielki (ˈzabur ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miękinia, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zabór Wielki	Gmina Miękinia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. Charles A. Foster House is a historic home located at Glens Falls, Warren County, New York.	Dr. Charles A. Foster House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Natham Patti (Tamil: ta:நத்தம் பட்டி) is a village in Srivilliputhur taluk, Virudhunagar district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Natham Patti	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alfred and Clara Sevareid House on 2nd St., W., in Velva, North Dakota was built in 1913.	Alfred and Clara Sevareid House	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goust is located on the territory of the commune of Laruns.	Goust	Laruns
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meymand District (Persian: بخش میمند‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Meymand District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solovăstru (Hungarian: Görgényoroszfalu, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɡørɡeːɲorosfɒlu)) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania that is composed of two villages, Jabeniţa (Görgénysóakna) and Solovăstru.	Solovăstru	Mureş County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Four Gotes is a hamlet near Tydd St Giles in Cambridgeshire, England.	Four Gotes	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Springs Park is public park in Enterprise, Florida featuring a green-hued sulfur spring.	Green Springs Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wheeler National Wildlife Refuge Warden's Residence, known also simply as Warden's Residence, is a house in Triana, Alabama.	Wheeler National Wildlife Refuge Warden's Residence	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pont d'Oxford is a cable-stayed road bridge over the Isère river in Grenoble, France.	Pont d'Oxford	Grenoble
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stade Mohamed Bensaïd is a multi-use stadium in Mostaganem, Algeria, it is a part of Complexe Commandant Ferradj.	Stade Mohamed Bensaïd	Mostaganem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lego-Brücke (English: Lego Bridge) is a concrete beam bridge which crosses over the Schwesterstraße in the North Rhine-Westphalian city of Wuppertal, Germany.	Lego-Brücke	Wuppertal
located in the administrative territorial entity	WURA is a Tejano broadcast radio station licensed to Quantico, Virginia, serving Metro Washington.	WURA	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Weslaco East High School (established 2000) is a school in Weslaco, Texas, USA.	Weslaco East High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pointe La Rue is an administrative district of Seychelles located in the eastern region of the island of Mahé.	Pointe La Rue	Seychelles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brookline High School is a four-year public high school in the town of Brookline, Massachusetts.	Brookline High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butel Municipality (Macedonian: Бутел ) is one of the ten municipalities that make up the city of Skopje, the capital of the Republic of Macedonia.	Butel Municipality	Macedonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eraines (pro. Ehr-ehn) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.	Eraines	Calvados
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hnúšťa (Hungarian: Nyustya) is a town and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Hnúšťa	Rimavská Sobota District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daviri (Persian: دويري‎, also Romanized as Davīrī) is a village in Senderk Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Daviri	Senderk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coonawarra wine region is a wine region centred on the town of Coonawarra in the Limestone Coast zone of South Australia.	Coonawarra wine region	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shocks Mills Bridge carries tracks of the Norfolk Southern Railway (formerly the Atglen and Susquehanna Branch of the Pennsylvania Railroad) over the Susquehanna River between Marietta, Pennsylvania and Wago Junction, Pennsylvania.	Shocks Mills Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardalssjøen or Bardal is a village in the municipality of Leirfjord in Nordland county, Norway.	Bardalssjøen	Leirfjord
located in the administrative territorial entity	The El Paso Museum of Archaeology is a museum which presents information about the prehistory of the area surrounding El Paso, Texas.	El Paso Museum of Archaeology	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Qafeh-ye Pain (Persian: قلعه قافه پايين‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Qāfeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 930, in 233 families.	Qaleh Qafeh-ye Pain	Qaleh Qafeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bucciano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania, located about 40 km northeast of Naples and about 20 km southwest of Benevento on the southern slopes of the Monte Taburno.	Bucciano	Province of Benevento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bard-e Morad Azma (Persian: بردمردازما‎, also Romanized as Bard-e Morad Āzmā) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bard-e Morad Azma	Darreh Kayad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kordkuy County (Persian: شهرستان کردکوی‎) is a county in Golestan Province in Iran.	Kordkuy County	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arch of Triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and International Shrine of the Holy Innocents is a proposed Catholic shrine and monument in Buffalo, New York to honor the Virgin Mary and the Holy Innocents.	Arch of Triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and International Shrine of the Holy Innocents	Buffalo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bärensteine is a massif in the state of Saxony in eastern Germany near Weißig.	Bärensteine	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wimmera Highway is a 345 kilometre highway that connects the towns of Marong, Victoria and Naracoorte, South Australia, through the major junctions of Sunraysia Highway, Henty Highway and Western Highway.	Wimmera Highway	Victoria	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pleasant Harbor State Park is a Washington marine state park located 2 miles (3.2 km) south of Brinnon off Highway 101 in Jefferson County.	Pleasant Harbor State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trinity Hill is the oldest surviving district of Minsk, although it's not part of the downtown, rather a suburb, hence another name, Trinity Suburb (Trojeckaje Pradmiescie).	Trinity Hill	Minsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort de Saint-Cyr, located in the commune of Montigny-le-Bretonneux, (Yvelines), is one of the forts built at the end of the 19th century to defend Paris.	Fort de Saint-Cyr	Montigny-le-Bretonneux
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Catherine's Catholic School for Girls is a Roman Catholic girls' secondary school with academy status, located in the Bexleyheath area of the London Borough of Bexley, England.	St Catherine's Catholic School for Girls	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان ييلاقي ارده‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District	Pareh Sar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenow Mountain is located in the Clark Range in the Flathead drainage of British Columbia.	Kenow Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilhelm Wagenfeld House (German: Wilhelm-Wagenfeld-Haus) is a design museum and exhibition centre in Bremen, Germany.	Wilhelm Wagenfeld House	Bremen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zmyślanka (zmɨˈɕlanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Zmyślanka	Gmina Opatówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bjendag Gewog (Dzongkha: སྦྱེད་ནག་) is a gewog (village block) of Wangdue Phodrang District, Bhutan.	Bjendag Gewog	Wangdue Phodrang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andrew Crockett House, also known as the Crockett-Knox House, is a property in Brentwood, Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1988.	Andrew Crockett House	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melbourne Town Hall is the central municipal building of the City of Melbourne, Australia, in the State of Victoria.	Melbourne Town Hall	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uplift Community High School (commonly known as simply Uplift) is a public 4--year high school located in the Uptown neighborhood on the north side of Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Uplift Community High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Woytchugga is an ephemeral lake situated to the east of Wilcannia, New South Wales, Australia.	Lake Woytchugga	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenham is a market village and civil parish in Kent situated on the southern edge of the North Downs, halfway between Maidstone and Ashford.	Lenham	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wernigerode (German pronunciation: (ˌvɛɐ̯nɪɡəˈʁoːdə)) is a town in the district of Harz, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Wernigerode	Harz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Razvandun (Persian: رازوندون‎, also Romanized as Rāzvandūn) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Razvandun	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Women's Rights National Historical Park was established in 1980, and covers a total of 6.83 acres (27,600 m²) of land in Seneca Falls and nearby Waterloo, New York, USA.	Women's Rights National Historical Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reckendorf is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg, Bavaria, Germany.	Reckendorf	Bamberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Littlehempston is a village and civil parish in the South Hams District of Devon in England consisting of 83 households and a population of 207 (total parish).	Littlehempston	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dohány Street Synagogue (Hungarian: Dohány utcai zsinagóga/nagy zsinagóga, Hebrew: בית הכנסת הגדול של בודפשט‎ bet hakneset hagadol šel budapešt), also known as The Great Synagogue or Tabakgasse Synagogue, is a historical building in Erzsébetváros, the 7th district of Budapest, Hungary.	Dohány Street Synagogue	Budapest
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fitchburg Art Museum is a regional art museum based in Fitchburg, Worcester County, Massachusetts, USA.	Fitchburg Art Museum	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Fonscolombe is a château, vineyard and winery in Le Puy-Sainte-Réparade.	Château de Fonscolombe	Le Puy-Sainte-Réparade
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downtown Bentonville is the historic business district of Bentonville, Arkansas.	Downtown Bentonville	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akbarabad-e Pain (Persian: اكبرابادپائين‎, also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Akbarabad-e Pain	Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Oaks National Wildlife Refuge is a 50,000-acre (202 km2) nature preserve in southeast Indiana, USA near Madison, Indiana.	Big Oaks National Wildlife Refuge	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tallkrogen (Swedish for the ``Pine Pub'') is a suburban city district located south of central Stockholm, Sweden, but within the Stockholm Municipality.	Tallkrogen	Stockholm Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Algaida is a municipality on the Spanish Balearic island of Majorca.	Algaida	Majorca
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Layton Junior High School is a secondary school in Layton, Utah, serving parts of northern and northwestern Layton and Hill Air Force Base.	North Layton Junior High School	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Gur (Persian: تنگ گور‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Gūr; also known as Tang Gor) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tang-e Gur	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Perry Avenue Bridge over the Silvermine River in the Silvermine section of Norwalk, Connecticut was built in 1899.	Perry Avenue Bridge	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shek Uk Shan (Chinese: 石屋山) is the highest spur (481 metres) in Sai Kung Peninsula, Hong Kong.	Shek Uk Shan	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDCD-FM (92.9 FM, ``Lonestar 92.9'') is a radio station that plays a ``True Country'' style of Texas Country Radio Music Format.	KDCD	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Vito dei Normanni (Santu Vitu in local dialect) is an Italian town of 19,947 inhabitants of the province of Brindisi in Apulia.	San Vito dei Normanni	Apulia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kakisa River originates in northern Alberta, immediately south of the Northwest Territories border, from Creighton Lake, at an elevation of 570 meters (1,870 ft).	Kakisa River	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Seraphim Chapel, in Lower Kalskag, Alaska, United States, in Bethel Census Area, is a historic Russian Orthodox church that may include a portion built in 1843, or it may have all been built later.	St. Seraphim Chapel	Lower Kalskag
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubostronie (lubɔsˈtrɔɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Lubostronie	Gmina Barwice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zalavár is a village in Hungary, located in Zala County.	Zalavár	Zala County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Safiyeh (Persian: صفيه‎, also Romanized as Şafīyeh, Şafeyeh, Safīyeh, and Safyeh) is a village in Nayband Rural District, Chah-e Mobarak District, Asaluyeh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Safiyeh	Nayband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLJZ (93.1 FM, ``Z93'') is a commercial radio station in Yuma, Arizona, USA.	KLJZ	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National War Museum is housed in Edinburgh, and forms part of National Museums Scotland.	National War Museum	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Johnston Gate is one of the several entrances to Harvard Yard in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Johnston Gate	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zolmabad-e Sofla (Persian: ظلم ابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Z̧olmābād-e Soflá; also known as Z̧olmābād-e Pā'īn) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Zolmabad-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shovel Down is an area of Dartmoor in Devon that is covered in megaliths including the remains of several stone rows, the Fourfold Stone Circle, and several standing stones.	Shovel Down	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ege University (Ege Üniversitesi in Turkish) is a public university in İzmir, Turkey.	Ege University	İzmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Missouri (also, Mizzou, MU, or University of Missouri--Columbia) is a public, land-grant, research university located in the U.S. state of Missouri.	University of Missouri	Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mamadapur (KL) is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka, India.	Mamadapur (KL)	Belgaum district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kazoo Museum is a museum dedicated to the history of the kazoo, located in Beaufort, South Carolina.	The Kazoo Museum	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saraqib (Arabic: سراقب‎ also spelled Saraqeb or Saraqueb) is a city in northwestern Syria, administratively belonging to the Idlib Governorate, located east of Idlib.	Saraqib	Idlib
located in the administrative territorial entity	Feyzianeh-e Sofla (Persian: فيزيانه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Feyzīāneh-e Soflá; also known as Feyzīāneh-e Pā’īn, Fezāneh Pā’īn, Fezāneh-ye Pā’īn, and Fezyāneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Feyzianeh-e Sofla	Hendudur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alnarp Castle (Swedish: Alnarps slott) is located in Alnarp, Lomma Municipality, Scania, approximately 10 km north of Malmö in southern Sweden.	Alnarp Castle	Lomma Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Merritt Parkway (also known locally as ``The Merritt'') is a historic limited-access parkway in Fairfield County, Connecticut, the first of its kind.	Merritt Parkway	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Larestan County (Persian: شهرستان لارستان‎‎) is a county in Fars Province in Iran.	Larestan County	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millarville is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Foothills No. 31.	Millarville	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitehouse Field is a baseball venue in Harwich, Massachusetts, home to the Harwich Mariners of the Cape Cod Baseball League.	Whitehouse Field	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bukіvka (Ukrainian: Буківка; Romanian: Poieni or Poieni-Bucovina) is a commune (selsoviet) in Hertsa Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Bukіvka	Hertsa Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Defiance Public Library is a historic Tudor Revival library located on Fort Street in Defiance, Ohio.	Defiance Public Library	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toewang Gewog (Dzongkha: སྟོད་ཝང་) is a gewog (village block) of Punakha District, Bhutan.	Toewang Gewog	Punakha District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Mackintosh Hall is the main cultural centre in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.	John Mackintosh Hall	Gibraltar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hilton High School is part of the 4,450-student Hilton Central School District, a public school system based in Hilton, a suburb of Rochester, New York.	Hilton High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Shay Double House is a residential duplex at Point Street and River Road in New Hamburg, New York, United States.	William Shay Double House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kennedy-Worthington Blocks are three historic commercial and industrial blocks on the east side of Main Street, a few blocks north of the downtown core of Springfield, Massachusetts.	Kennedy-Worthington Blocks	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meems Bottom Covered Bridge (also Meem's Bottom Covered Bridge) is a covered bridge in Shenandoah County, Virginia, United States.	Meems Bottom Covered Bridge	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kington St Michael is a village and civil parish about 3 miles (4.8 km) north of Chippenham in Wiltshire, England.	Kington St Michael	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzebiń (ˈstʂɛbiɲ) (German Strzebien) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszęcin, within Lubliniec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Strzebiń	Gmina Koszęcin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cascade Canal is a canal located in Klamath and Jackson counties, in the U.S. State of Oregon.	Cascade Canal	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kustrawa (kusˈtrava) (Ukrainian: Кустрава, Kustrava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszów, within Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kustrawa	Gmina Krzeszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tukayevsky District (Russian: Тукаевский райо́н; Tatar: Тукай районы) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Tukayevsky District	Republic of Tatarstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dixie State University (formerly Dixie State College) is a public university located in St. George, Utah, United States.	Dixie State University	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sumas Mountain is a mountain located in Whatcom County, Washington, 15 miles northeast of Bellingham and southwest of Vedder Mountain.	Sumas Mountain	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Children's Museum of Atlanta (from 2003-2011, known as ``Imagine It! The Children's Museum of Atlanta'') is a children's museum located in Atlanta, Georgia, founded in 1988 as a ``Museum Without Walls'' and opened to the public in 2003.	Children's Museum of Atlanta	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanur District (Persian: بخش ننور‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Nanur District	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alma-ye Sofla (Persian: الماسفلي‎, also Romanized as Almā-ye Soflá; also known as Almā) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Alma-ye Sofla	Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poplar Airport (FAA LID: 42S) is a public use airport located in Poplar, a town in Roosevelt County, Montana, United States.	Poplar Airport	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	225 Liberty Street, formerly Two World Financial Center, is one of the largest skyscrapers in New York City, located at 225 Liberty Street in the Financial District of the New York City borough of Manhattan.	225 Liberty Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balbi's Arch (Croatian: Balbijev luk), in Rovinj, Croatia, was built in 1678--79.	Balbi's Arch	Rovinj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilsland is a village in northern England about 20 miles (32 km) west of Hexham, and about 18 miles (29 km) east of Carlisle, which straddles the border between Cumbria and Northumberland.	Gilsland	Cumbria	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skeld, (Old Norse: Skjolðr, Shield or shelter) is a village on the south side of the West Shetland Mainland.	Skeld	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charles C. Hovey House and Strong Leather Company Mill is a historic home and mill located at Bainbridge in Chenango County, New York.	Charles C. Hovey House and Strong Leather Company Mill	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stuttgart S-Bahn is a suburban railway system (S-Bahn) serving the Stuttgart Region, an urban agglomeration of around 2.7 million people, consisting of the city of Stuttgart and the adjacent districts of Esslingen, Böblingen, Ludwigsburg and Rems-Murr-Kreis.	Stuttgart S-Bahn	Stuttgart Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	League Field is a former American football stadium located in Canton, Ohio.	League Field	Canton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Ashur Pashur (Persian: محمداباداشورپاشور‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Āshūr Pāshūr; also known as Āshūr Pāshūr and Moḩammadābād) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Ashur Pashur	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Australian Butterfly Sanctuary is a butterfly zoo and exhibit situated in the centre of Kuranda, Queensland, Australia.	Australian Butterfly Sanctuary	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thunderbolt Express was the only shuttle roller coaster in West Virginia.	Thunderbolt Express	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szymanowice Dolne (ʂɨmanɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Szymanowice Dolne	Gmina Klimontów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abraham Dickerson Farmhouse is a historic residence in the town of Montgomery in Orange County, New York, United States.	Abraham Dickerson Farmhouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yester House is an early 18th-century mansion near Gifford in East Lothian, Scotland.	Yester House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wing Park Golf Course in Elgin, Illinois is the ``oldest and best preserved nine-hole municipal golf course in Illinois.''	Wing Park Golf Course	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kambel Mohammad Azim (Persian: كمبل محمدعظيم‎, also Romanized as Kambel Moḩammad ʿAz̧īm) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kambel Mohammad Azim	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pensmore is a manor under construction in the Ozark Mountains of Highlandville, Missouri.	Pensmore	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dozdband (Persian: دزدبند‎) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Dozdband	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Chruścińska (ˈvɔla xruɕˈt͡ɕiɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łanięta, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Chruścińska	Gmina Łanięta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strączków (ˈstrɔnt͡ʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Strączków	Gmina Samborzec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Khoda Bandeh (Persian: حسين ابادخدابنده‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Khodā Bandeh; also known as Hosein Abad and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Khoda Bandeh	Negin Kavir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbots Bickington is a village and civil parish in the English county of Devon, located 7.7 miles north-northeast of Holsworthy and near the River Torridge.	Abbots Bickington	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Search Well is a historic home and farm complex located at Burtner, Washington County, Maryland, United States.	Search Well	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ołużna (ɔˈwuʐna) (German: Seefeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ołużna	Gmina Gościno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala/Muskoka Float Flying Club Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CBA6), is located on Lake Muskoka, 2.7 nautical miles (5.0 km; 3.1 mi) east northeast of Bala, Ontario, Canada.	Bala/Muskoka Float Flying Club Water Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santo Stefano in Aspromonte is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 12 kilometres (7 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria.	Santo Stefano in Aspromonte	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noen Phoem (Thai: เนินเพิ่ม) is a subdistrict in the Nakhon Thai District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Noen Phoem	Nakhon Thai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Kiwanee is a summer camp and function facility at 1 Camp Kiwanee Road in Hanson, Massachusetts.	Camp Kiwanee	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spirit Mound Historic Prairie is a state park of South Dakota, USA, featuring a prominent hill on the Great Plains.	Spirit Mound Historic Prairie	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	KHAK (98.1 FM) is a radio station that broadcasts a country music format to the Cedar Rapids-Iowa City, Iowa area.	KHAK	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hannibal Locks and Dam are a United States Army Corps of Engineers concrete locks and lift gate dam, located at river mile marker 126.4 on the Ohio River at Hannibal, Ohio and New Martinsville, West Virginia.	Hannibal Locks and Dam	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqbal (Persian: اقبال‎,also romanised as Āqbāl or Iqbāl and Eqbāl) is a village in Keshavarz Rural District, Keshavarz District, Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aqbal	Keshavarz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	From 28 December to 2 January each year, Santikhiri hosts the annual cherry blossoms festival, which is organised by Mae Salong Nok Tambon Administration Organisation in association with Mae Fa Luang District.	Santikhiri	Mae Salong Nok
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boley Historic District (BHD), in Boley, Oklahoma is the original business area of an all-black town founded in 1903.	Boley Historic District	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jhalari झलारी is a Village Development Committee in Kanchanpur District in the Mahakali Zone of South-Far-Western Nepal.	Jhalari	Kanchanpur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardulgarh tehsil is one of the three tehsils (or taluk) of Mansa district of Punjab, India.	Sardulgarh tehsil	Mansa district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Volunteer Park Conservatory is a botanical garden, conservatory, and Seattle landmark located in Seattle, Washington at the north end of Volunteer Park on Capitol Hill.	Volunteer Park Conservatory	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vällingby (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈvɛllɪŋˌbyː); by most Swedes today understood as ``Gruel Village'', see history below) is a suburban district in Västerort in the western part of Stockholm Municipality, Sweden.	Vällingby	Stockholm Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rue Pastourelle is a street in the third district (or arrondissement) of Paris.	Rue Pastourelle	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bill Graham Civic Auditorium (formerly San Francisco Civic Auditorium) is a multi-purpose arena in San Francisco, California, currently named after promoter Bill Graham.	Bill Graham Civic Auditorium	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is located next to the Lapua River in the province of Western Finland and is part of the Southern Ostrobothnia region.	Lapua	Southern Ostrobothnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keshiary (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is an assembly constituency in Paschim Medinipur district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Keshiary (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Medinipur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soum, Boulkiemdé is a town in the Nanoro Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso.	Soum, Boulkiemdé	Nanoro Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebrahimabad-e Yazdani (Persian: ابراهيم آباد يزداني‎, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e Yazdānī; also known as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Ebrahimabad-e Yazdani	Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshkiyet (Persian: اشكيت‎, also Romanized as Eshkīyet) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Eshkiyet	Amlash-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enchanted Rock (16710 Ranch Rd 965, Fredericksburg TX) is an enormous pink granite pluton batholith located in the Llano Uplift approximately 17 miles (27 km) north of Fredericksburg, Texas and 24 miles (39 km) south of Llano, Texas, United States.	Enchanted Rock	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beaches (also known as ``The Beach'') is a neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	The Beaches	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is the location of the Regierungsbezirk Arnsberg's administration and one of the three local administration offices of the Hochsauerlandkreis.	Arnsberg	Hochsauerlandkreis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puthencruz (Malayalam: പുത്തൻകുരിശ്, Puttan kuriśŭ) is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala near Kolenchery town.	Puthencruz	Ernakulam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Kabuter Pirzal (Persian: ده كبوترپيرزال‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Kabūter Pīrzāl) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deh-e Kabuter Pirzal	Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Artichoke Joe's Casino is a card club in San Bruno, California.	Artichoke Joe's Casino	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Umpqua Basin is a watershed in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Umpqua Basin	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Tai Po Police Station (舊大埔警署) is a former Hong Kong police station at the top of Tai Po Wan Tau Tong Hill.	Old Tai Po Police Station	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wende Correctional Facility is a maximum security prison located in Town of Alden in Erie County, New York.	Wende Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	International Business District Station is a subway station on, and terminus of, Line 1 of the Incheon Subway.	International Business District Station	Incheon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cooperative Village is a community of housing cooperatives on the Lower East Side of Manhattan, New York City.	Cooperative Village	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tippecanoe County Courthouse is located on the public square in the city of Lafayette in Tippecanoe County, Indiana.	Tippecanoe County Courthouse	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sha Lan Tsuen (Chinese: 沙欄村) is a small village in Hong Kong, to the east of the Tai Po New Town.	Sha Lan Tsuen	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	State Forest State Park is a Colorado State Park located in Jackson and Larimer counties east of Walden, Colorado.	State Forest State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Épiniac (Breton: Sperneg, Gallo: Espeinyac) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Épiniac	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Bullards Bar Reservoir is a large reservoir in northeastern Yuba County, California, at an elevation of 2,000 feet (610 m) in the Tahoe National Forest and about 30 miles (50 km) northeast of Yuba City, California.	New Bullards Bar Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kivides (Greek: Κυβίδες) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 10 km north of Erimi.	Kivides	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbkowa Parowa (dɔmpˈkɔva paˈrɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dąbkowa Parowa	Gmina Szczutowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kizhuparamba or Keezhuparamba is a village and Panchayath on the northern boundary of Malappuram District In Kerala State of India.	Kizhuparamba	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Videle (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈvidele)) is a town in Teleorman County, southern Romania, with a population of 11,112 in 2011.	Videle	Teleorman County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asfiukh (Persian: اسفيوخ‎, also Romanized as Asfīūkh) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Asfiukh	Bala Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yunlong County (云龙县; pinyin: Yúnlóng Xiàn) is in the Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture located in Yunnan Province, China.	Yunlong County	Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadshusef (Persian: سدشوسف‎, also Romanized as Sadshūsef) is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sadshusef	Shusef Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molla Arreh (Persian: ملااره‎, also Romanized as Mollā Arreh, Mollā Areh, and Mollā-ye Areh; also known as Mol Yareh and Mulla Areh) is a village in Famur Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Molla Arreh	Jereh and Baladeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rima San Giuseppe (Piemontese: Rima, Walser German: Arimmu or Ind Rimmu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) north of Turin and about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northwest of Vercelli.	Rima San Giuseppe	Province of Vercelli
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Georgetown Hospital is a community hospital located in the Georgetown area of Halton Hills, Ontario.	Georgetown Hospital	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prince Hall Mystic Cemetery, also known as the Prince Hall Cemetery, is a historic cemetery located on Gardner Street, Arlington, Massachusetts.	Prince Hall Mystic Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norwich Town Hall is a historic town hall at Union Street and Broadway in Norwich, Connecticut.	Norwich Town Hall	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Motorzyny-Leśniczówka (mɔtɔˈʐɨnɨ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Motorzyny-Leśniczówka	Gmina Zwoleń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marywell is a village in Angus, Scotland, that is north of Arbroath, in the parish of St Vigeans.	Marywell	Angus
located in the administrative territorial entity	KUDU (91.9 FM, ``91.9 KUDU'') is a commercial radio station airing religious programming in Tok, Alaska.	KUDU	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gürün (TAO: Կիւրին, RAO: Կյուրին) is a town and a district of Sivas Province of Turkey.	Gürün	Sivas Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dürrröhrsdorf-Dittersbach (German pronunciation: (ˈdʏɐ̯ʁøːɐ̯sˌdɔɐ̯f ˈdɪtɐsˌbax)) is a municipality in the district of Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge, Saxony, Germany.	Dürrröhrsdorf-Dittersbach	Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalmally (Scottish Gaelic: Clachan an Dìseirt or Dail Mhàilidh) is a village in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	Dalmally	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silambinathanpettai is a village and panchayat of Cuddalore district, Tamil Nadu, India, located between Cuddalore and Panruti.	Silambinathanpettai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hiv Rural District (Persian: دهستان هيو‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Hiv Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarząbka (jaˈʐɔmpka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jarząbka	Gmina Wąsewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birčna Vas (pronounced (ˈbiːɾtʃna ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Birčna vas) is a settlement in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Birčna Vas	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornton Steward is a small village and civil parish in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, England, near Wensleydale, with a population of 100-200, measured at 199 in the 2011 Census.	Thornton Steward	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gladys Porter Zoo is a zoological and botanical park located in Brownsville, Texas.	Gladys Porter Zoo	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McBride-Sims Garage at 600 N. State St. in Orem, Utah is a brick building built in c.1920, in what is termed Early Commercial architecture.	McBride-Sims Garage	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Griggs Dam is located within the Columbus, Ohio city limits, on the Scioto River near Upper Arlington, Ohio, in Franklin County.	Griggs Dam	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fankerton is a small village which lies within the Falkirk council area of Scotland.	Fankerton	Falkirk
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Side Market Building (or South Side Market House) is a historic market house at 12th and Bingham Streets in the South Side Flats neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	South Side Market Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pukeashun Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located north of the community of Scotch Creek, near the city of Salmon Arm.	Pukeashun Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silversmith Hotel & Suites is a boutique hotel located in downtown Chicago, Illinois, USA.	Silversmith Hotel	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perimeter Mall is an upscale super-regional shopping mall in Dunwoody, Georgia, just north of Atlanta, near the highway interchange of Interstate 285 (the Perimeter, for which the mall was named) and Georgia 400.	Perimeter Mall	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barbagallo Raceway is a motorsport circuit located in Wanneroo, approximately 50 kilometres (31 mi) north of Perth in Western Australia.	Barbagallo Raceway	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manzariyeh (Persian: منظریه‎, also Romanized as Manz̧arīyeh) is a city in the Central District of Shahreza County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Manzariyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kidatu is a town in southern Tanzania located in Kilombero District, Morogoro Region.	Kidatu	Kilombero District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Purwantoro is one of the districts in Wonogiri Regency, Indonesia.	Purwantoro	Wonogiri Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wortham Theater Center is a performing arts center located in downtown Houston, Texas, United States.	Wortham Theater Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goxhill is a large village and civil parish in North Lincolnshire, England.	Goxhill	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Volčanski Ruti (pronounced (ʋɔu̯ˈtʃaːnski ˈɾuːti)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills to the south of Volče in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia, close to the border with Italy.	Volčanski Ruti	Tolmin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mala Berezovytsia (Ukrainian: Мала Березовиця; Polish: Berezowica Mała) is a village in Zbarazh Raion, Ternopil Oblast, western Ukraine.	Mala Berezovytsia	Zbarazh Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas Creek Archeological District is an U.S. historic district located east of Chumuckla, Florida.	Thomas Creek Archeological District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shockoe Slip is a district in the downtown area of Richmond, Virginia.	Shockoe Slip	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohroki (Persian: سهركي‎, also Romanized as Sohrokī) is a village in Piveshk Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sohroki	Piveshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cwmduad (Welsh ``Cwm'' valley + ``duad'' (river Duad)) is a village in Carmarthenshire, West Wales.	Cwmduad	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieszewo (pjɛˈʂɛvɔ) (German Petermanns) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Pieszewo	Gmina Barciany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunathar is a village in Ganjam district, in Odisha state, India.	Sunathar	Odisha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedarburg Bog is a bog located in Ozaukee County, Wisconsin owned by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources and the University of Wisconsin--	Cedarburg Bog	Ozaukee County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The DeWint House, or De Wint House, at Tappan, New York is one of the oldest surviving structures in Rockland County, New York and is an outstanding example of Hudson Valley Colonial Dutch architecture.	DeWint House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bidarashan (Persian: بيدرشان‎, also Romanized as Bīdarashān; also known as Berashān) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Bidarashan	Gol-e Cheydar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzezimierz (bʐɛˈʑimjɛʂ) (German: Wüstebriese) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniów, within Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Brzezimierz	Gmina Domaniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starfire Sports is a sporting facility in Tukwila, Washington, on the banks of the Green River, near Seattle.	Starfire Sports	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laviana (Asturian: Llaviana) is a municipality in the Autonomous Community of the Principality of Asturias, located in Spain.	Laviana	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mill Bluff State Park is a state park in west-central Wisconsin, United States.	Mill Bluff State Park	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amodra is a small village of Una Taluka of gir somnath District in Gujarat.	Amodra	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorenje Grčevje (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ ɡəɾˈtʃeːu̯jɛ)) is a small settlement in the hills north of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Gorenje Grčevje	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gooch Creek Arch is a natural sandstone arch in Rhea County, Tennessee.	Gooch Creek Arch	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkstall Forge railway station was a railway station located on the Leeds to Bradford Line between Leeds and Shipley, West Yorkshire, England.	Kirkstall Forge railway station	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tekkalakote also spelled as Tekkalakota (Kannada: ತೆಕ್ಕಲಕೋಟೆ ) is a panchayat town in Bellary district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Tekkalakote	Bellary
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burden Iron Works was an iron works and industrial complex on the Hudson River and Wynantskill Creek in Troy, New York.	Burden Iron Works	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chehel Hojreh (Persian: چهل حجره‎, also Romanized as Chehel Ḩojreh) is a village in Tus Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chehel Hojreh	Tus Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rialton Grange was a grange in St Columb Minor in Cornwall, UK, belonging to the priors of Bodmin.	Rialton Grange	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duluth Denfeld High School, also known as Denfeld High School, is one of two high schools in Duluth, Minnesota, along with Duluth East as of 2011 after the closure of Duluth Central.	Denfeld High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirchdorf am Inn (English: Kirchdorf on the Inn) is a municipality in the district of Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.	Kirchdorf am Inn	Rottal-Inn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Durham Farmers' Market is a producer-only farmer's market located in Durham, North Carolina, established in 1998.	Durham Farmers' Market	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waverly Junior and Senior High School, also known as Mary W. Muldoon High School, is a historic school located at Waverly in Tioga County, New York.	Waverly Junior and Senior High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuna High School is a public secondary school in Kuna, Idaho, the only traditional high school in the Kuna Joint School District #3, located in southwest Ada County, west of Boise and south of Meridian.	Kuna High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarkson Corners Historic District is a national historic district located at the hamlet of Clarkson Corners in Monroe County, New York.	Clarkson Corners Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zalabiye (Arabic: زلبيّة‎) is an archaeological site on the left bank of the Euphrates in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Syria.	Zalabiye	Deir ez-Zor Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Uranquinty Power Station is a 640MW gas-fired power station located in Uranquinty, New South Wales, Australia, comprising four Siemens V94.2 gas turbines.	Uranquinty Power Station	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helton Creek Falls is a series of two waterfalls located within the Chattahoochee National Forest in Union County, Georgia.	Helton Creek Falls	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fereydunshahr County (Persian: شهرستان فریدونشهر‎) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran.	Fereydunshahr County	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gsies (Italian: Valle di Casies) is a valley and comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northeast of Bolzano, on the border with Austria.	Gsies	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koshlong Creek is a river in geographic Glamorgan Township in the municipality of Highlands East, Haliburton County in Central Ontario, Canada.	Koshlong Creek	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jukebox Radio was a low power FM radio station in Dumont, New Jersey from 1993 to 2003 with the call letters W276AQ on 103.1 FM.	Jukebox Radio	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aviation Mall is a major regional shopping mall in Queensbury, New York.	Aviation Mall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kałkowskie (kau̯ˈkɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kałkowskie	Gmina Sośnie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Todok or Todog, known in Chinese as Tuotuo Township (Chinese: 托托乡, p Tuōtuōxiāng), is a rural township in Jinghe County in Xinjiang, the northwestern province of the China.	Todok	Jinghe County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Judiciary Square is a neighborhood in Northwest Washington, D.C., the vast majority of which is occupied by various federal and municipal courthouses and office buildings.	Judiciary Square	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Deer College is a public comprehensive community college of approximately 7,000 students in credit programs and 10,000 in non-credit programming located in Red Deer, Alberta, Canada.	Red Deer College	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasnoborki (krasnɔˈbɔrki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krasnoborki	Gmina Sztabin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soundrapandiapuram (Soundra Pandia Puram ) is a village of Tirunelveli district in Radhapuram Taluk, Tamil Nadu, India.	Soundrapandiapuram	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rajakeh (Persian: رجاكه‎, also Romanized as Rajākeh) is a village in Alan Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Rajakeh	Alan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kutyłowo-Bródki (kutɨˈwɔvɔ ˈbrutki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kutyłowo-Bródki	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Camas Dam is an earthfill type dam on Little Camas Creek, in Elmore County, Idaho, United States.	Little Camas Dam	Elmore County	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reuland Castle is a castle in southeast Belgium, Burg-Reuland, near the border of Germany, probably built after 1148 by the von Reuland nobles.	Reuland Castle	Burg-Reuland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guishan District (traditional Chinese: 龜山區; simplified Chinese: 龟山区; pinyin: Guīshān Qū) is a rural district in northeastern Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	Guishan District	Taoyuan City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opoka-Kolonia Józefin (ɔˈpɔka kɔˈlɔɲa juˈzɛfʲin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Opoka-Kolonia Józefin	Gmina Annopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverside Polytechnic High School is a four-year public high school in Riverside, California, United States, and part of the Riverside Unified School District.	Riverside Polytechnic High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Red Rock Indian Band (also known as Lake Helen First Nation) is an Ojibway First Nation band government in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Red Rock Indian Band	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tahrui (Persian: طاهرويي‎, also Romanized as Ţāhrū’ī and Ţāherū’ī; also known as Ţāherānī, Ţāherū, Tarū, and Turu) is a village in Sirik Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tahrui	Sirik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barwon Heads Bridge is a road bridge and a separate pedestrian bridge over the Barwon River between Barwon Heads and Ocean Grove, Victoria (Australia), Australia.	Barwon Heads Bridge	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qader Khalaj (Persian: قادرخلج‎, also Romanized as Qāder Khalaj; also known as Ghader Khalaj and Qādīr Khala) is a village in Boghrati Rural District, Sardrud District, Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qader Khalaj	Boghrati Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amgachhi आमगाछी is a town and business center under Rangeli Municipality in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	Amgachhi	Morang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brevard Public Schools is a school district serving Brevard County, Florida, and based in Viera, Florida.	Brevard Public Schools	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamidiya (Persian: حميديا‎, also Romanized as Ḩamīdīyā; also known as Shahr-e Ḩamīdīyā) is a city in the Central District, of Yazd County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Hamidiya	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Emerging Infectious Diseases Laboratories, or NEIDL, is a biosciences facility of Boston University located near Boston Medical Center on Albany Street in the South End neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	National Emerging Infectious Diseases Laboratories	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aztec Ruins National Monument preserves Ancestral Puebloan structures in north-western New Mexico, United States, located close to the town of Aztec and northeast of Farmington, near the Animas River.	Aztec Ruins National Monument	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sopieszyno (sɔpjɛˈʂɨnɔ) (in Kashubian Sopieszëno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sopieszyno	Gmina Wejherowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Pine State Park is a Pennsylvania state park on 2,158 acres (873 ha) in Cummings Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Little Pine State Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jandiala Sherkhan, or Jandiala Sher Khan (Urdu: جنڈيالہ شيرخان‎), is a town of Sheikhupura District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Jandiala Sher Khan	Sheikhupura District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tallahatchee Covered Bridge (sometimes spelled 'Tallasseehatchee'), also known as the Prickett Covered Bridge, was a privately owned wood and metal combination style covered bridge which spanned a pond near Nances Creek in Calhoun County, Alabama, United States.	Tallahatchee Covered Bridge	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardsey, West Yorkshire, England is a small village in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough, 8 miles (13 km) north east of Leeds city centre.	Bardsey, West Yorkshire	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Janków (ˈnɔvɨ ˈjaŋkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Janków	Gmina Radzymin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Governor DeWitt Clinton Houses, also known as DeWitt Clinton Houses or Clinton Houses, is a public housing development built and maintained by the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA) in the Spanish Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan.	Clinton Houses	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United States Army Logistics University (ALU), a subordinate school of the United States Army Combined Arms Support Command, is located at Fort Lee, Virginia.	Army Logistics University	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	S-charl is a village in the municipality of Scuol, located in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.	S-charl	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Side Highway (officially the Joe DiMaggio Highway) is a mostly surface section of New York State Route 9A (NY 9A) that runs from West 72nd Street along the Hudson River to the southern tip of Manhattan in New York City.	West Side Highway	Manhattan	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płocie (ˈpwɔt͡ɕe) (formerly German Plötzenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Płocie	Gmina Ostrowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unikowice (unikɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paczków, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Unikowice	Gmina Paczków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borawskie-Awissa-Kolonia (bɔˈrafskʲɛ aˈvissa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Borawskie-Awissa-Kolonia	Gmina Radziłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garevina (Serbian: Гаревина) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac, Serbia.	Garevina	Aleksandrovac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taleb Khan (Persian: طالبخان‎, also Romanized as Ţāleb Khān and Ţālebkhān) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Taleb Khan	Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	William F. Curtis Arboretum (84 acres), sometimes called Curtis Arboretum, is an arboretum located on the campus of Cedar Crest College, in Allentown, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	William F. Curtis Arboretum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosut (Persian: كسوت‎, also Romanized as Kosūt) is a village in Garmab Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kosut	Garmab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Marznak (Persian: پائين مرزناك‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Marznāk) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Marznak	Babol Kenar Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The UCL Slade School of Fine Art (informally The Slade) is the art school of University College London (UCL) and is based in London, United Kingdom.	Slade School of Fine Art	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greater Green River Intergalactic Spaceport is a small public use airstrip about five miles south of Green River, Wyoming on a mountain known as South Hill.	Greater Green River Intergalactic Spaceport	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hendim (Persian: هنديم‎, also Romanized as Hendīm and Handīm) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hendim	Pariz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beurs-World Trade Center is located on the Coolsingel and Beursplein in the centre of Rotterdam.	Beurs-World Trade Center	Rotterdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mozingo Lake Golf Course is a 7,137 yard long, 18-hole municipal golf course on the banks of Mozingo Lake in Nodaway County, Missouri.	Mozingo Lake Golf Course	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruchna (ˈruxna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ruchna	Gmina Liw
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ``Roman Line'' was the informal name for the road formally known as Concession Six, Biddulph Township, Middlesex County, Ontario, Canada.	Roman Line	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Finneytown High School is a public high school in Springfield Township (Hamilton County, Ohio).	Finneytown High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morliny (mɔrˈlinɨ) (German Mörlen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Morliny	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowri (Persian: دوري‎, also Romanized as Dowrī) is a village in Ruin Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dowri	Ruin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schmitt and Henry Manufacturing Company is a complex of three historic buildings located in downtown Des Moines, Iowa, United States.	Schmitt and Henry Manufacturing Company	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Venlaw Castle, also known as Smithfield Castle, lies north of Peebles on the Edinburgh Road in the Borders of Scotland.	Venlaw	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamerton is a village located 3 miles north-west of the town of Tavistock in Devon, England.	Lamerton	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Nazer (Persian: ده نظر‎, also Romanized as Deh Naẓer) is a village in Dehsard Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Nazer	Dehsard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brandywine Creek State Park is a state park, located 3 miles (4.8 km) north of Wilmington, Delaware along the Brandywine Creek.	Brandywine Creek State Park	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Innisfail State High School is one of two high schools situated in Innisfail, Queensland, Australia.	Innisfail State High School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunecht (Scottish Gaelic: Dùn Eicht) is a slightly linear village on the A944 road in north-east Aberdeenshire in Scotland.	Dunecht	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patteeswaram is a village, eight kilometres from Kumbakonam in the state of Tamil Nadu in India.	Patteeswaram	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mojusz (ˈmɔjuʂ) (Kashubian: Mòjsz; German: Moisch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mojusz	Gmina Sierakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunalda is a town in the Australian state of Queensland in the Gympie Region local government area, 196 kilometres (122 mi) from the state capital, Brisbane.	Gunalda	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lumaco is a town and commune in Malleco Province in the Araucanía Region of Chile.	Lumaco	Malleco Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenns Ferry High School is a four-year public secondary school in Elmore County, Idaho, located in the city of Glenns Ferry.	Glenns Ferry High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heldenplatz (German: Heroes' Square) is a public space in front of Hofburg Palace in Vienna, Austria.	Heldenplatz	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonny Lake State Park is a state park located in Yuma County, Colorado near Idalia.	Bonny Lake State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carpenter Island is a man-made, backward letter L-shaped island and boat launch area on the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington.	Carpenter Island	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooks Island Salt Marsh is a wetlands area on Brooks Island in Brooks Island Regional Shoreline a San Francisco Bay Area East Bay Regional Parks District preserve in Richmond, California.	Brooks Island Salt Marsh	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crookesmoor Road is a main road in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England connecting the districts of Crookes, Crookesmoor and Broomhill.	Crookesmoor Road	Sheffield
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHYF (720 AM) is a Catholic religious formatted radio station in Shiremanstown, Pennsylvania.	WHYF	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podlesiec (pɔdˈlɛɕɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Podlesiec	Gmina Dobiegniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Redlin Art Center is an art gallery located in Watertown, South Dakota where over 150 of artist Terry Redlin's original paintings are displayed.	Redlin Art Center	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	French Valley is a valley in southwestern Riverside County, near the cities and communities of Hemet, Winchester, and Temecula in the state of California, United States.	French Valley	Riverside County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Occasionally known in English as The Scaw, it is situated on the east coast of the Skagen Odde peninsula in the far north of Jutland, it is part of Frederikshavn Municipality in Region Nordjylland.	Skagen	Frederikshavn Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roszkowa Wola (rɔʂˈkɔva ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczyca, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Roszkowa Wola	Gmina Rzeczyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoboken Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves children in Kindergarten through twelfth grade in Hoboken, in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.	Hoboken Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Presbyterian Church in New Scotland and the New Scotland Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery located at New Scotland in Albany County, New York.	Presbyterian Church in New Scotland and the New Scotland Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strojiči (pronounced (ˈstɾoːjitʃi) or (stɾɔˈjiːtʃi); in older sources also Strojč, German: Stroitsch) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia, right on the border with Croatia.	Strojiči	Osilnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richard B. Dunn Solar Telescope is a unique vertical-axis solar telescope, located at the National Solar Observatory at Sacramento Peak, New Mexico.	Richard B. Dunn Solar Telescope	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noorderhaaks (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌnoːrdərˈɦaːks)), also called Razende bol (Raging ball in Dutch), is an uninhabited Dutch island in the North Sea, a few kilometres west of the Marsdiep which separates the island of Texel from mainland Netherlands.	Noorderhaaks	Texel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robledo Mountains are a mountain range in Doña Ana County, New Mexico just northwest of Las Cruces.	Robledo Mountains	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vadner is a town of about 30,000 people in Nashik district.	Vadner	Nashik district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaumahina State Wayside Park or Kaumahina State Park, is located in Maui County, Hawaii, 28.3 miles (45.5 km) East of Kahului and 22.4 miles (36.0 km) West of Hana along the Hana Highway.	Kaumahina State Wayside Park	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vyhoda (Ukrainian: Вигода, also Wygoda, Vigoda) is an urban-type settlement located in Dolyna Raion in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, approximately 120 km from Lviv.	Vyhoda	Dolyna Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Issele Ukwu is a city in Nigeria's Delta State and headquarters for the Local Government Area of Aniocha North.	Issele Ukwu	Aniocha North
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yingxiu (Chinese: 映秀; pinyin: Yìngxiù) is a town of southern Wenchuan County, northwestern Sichuan province of Southwest China.	Yingxiu	Wenchuan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haas Hall Academy is a public charter secondary school located in Fayetteville, Arkansas, United States, and serving students in grades seven through twelve.	Haas Hall Academy	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadion Rote Erde (Red Earth Stadium) is a 25,000 capacity (3,000 seated) football and athletics stadium in Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia.	Stadion Rote Erde	Dortmund
located in the administrative territorial entity	UL Bend National Wildlife Refuge is a 56,048 acres (22,682 ha) protected area that is located in central Montana, United States.	UL Bend National Wildlife Refuge	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Javkhede is village in Jalgaon district, tehsil Amalner in state of Maharashtra, India.	Javkhede	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New England Confectionery Company Factory, also known as the NECCO Candy Factory, is an historic factory complex at 250 Massachusetts Avenue in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	New England Confectionery Company Factory	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Balut-e Sofla (Persian: داربلوطسفلي‎, also Romanized as Dār Balūţ-e Soflá; also known as Dār Balūţ-e Pā’īn, Dār Balūţeh Soflá, and Dār Balūt Pāīn) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dar Balut-e Sofla	Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nyewood is a hamlet in the Chichester district of West Sussex, England situated in the Western Rother valley.	Nyewood	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Bidokht (Persian: شهرك بيدخت‎, also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Bīdokht; also known as Beydokht and Bīdokht) is a village in Shaskuh Rural District, Central District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Bidokht	Shaskuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tihemetsa is a small borough (alevik) in Saarde Parish, Pärnu County in southern Estonia.	Tihemetsa	Saarde Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abdia (Persian: عبديا‎, also Romanized as ``Abdīā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 20 families.	Abdia	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Soberton and Newtown Millennium Walk 2000 is an 10-mile circular footpath through Hampshire, England around villages of Soberton and Newtown.	Soberton and Newtown Millennium Walk 2000	Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hochatown State Park is an Oklahoma state park in far-southeastern Oklahoma, north of the city of Broken Bow.	Hochatown State Park	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Helicopter Museum is a non-profit museum focused on the history of the helicopter and aviation industry around Stratford, Connecticut in the United States.	National Helicopter Museum	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łopoń (ˈwɔpɔɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojnicz, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Łopoń	Gmina Wojnicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šutkovići (Cyrillic: Шутковићи) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Šutkovići	Donji Vakuf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tibbitt Lake is a lake in the Canadian Northwest Territories.	Tibbitt Lake	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zilet (Persian: ذيلت‎, also Romanized as Z̄īlet and Zīlet; also known as Zelet and Zelīt) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zilet	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jawoyn people are a group of Indigenous Australians living in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Jawoyn	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brindabella Road, also known as Tumut Road, links Canberra and Tumut, New South Wales via the Brindabella Ranges.	Brindabella Road	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Randleman Lake is a reservoir on the Deep River in Randolph and Guilford Counties in central North Carolina, extending from just northwest of Randleman to east of High Point.	Randleman Lake	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Opal Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the Willamette National Forest in the U.S. state of Oregon, on the border of the Mount Hood National Forest.	Opal Creek Wilderness	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinjoro is a taluka, an administrative subdivision, of Sanghar District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Sinjoro	Sanghar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hedesunda is a locality and a parish situated in Gävle Municipality, Gävleborg County, Sweden with 1,028 inhabitants as of 2010.	Hedesunda	Gävle Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Caldwell Tech is a regional public high school located in West Caldwell, that offers occupational and academic instruction for students in ninth through twelfth grades in Essex County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Essex County Vocational Technical Schools.	West Caldwell Tech	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lukachukai Mountains are a mountain range in northeast Arizona, entirely within the Navajo Indian Reservation.	Lukachukai Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	During the first intensive phase of the Spitsbergen whale fishery, Smeerenburg served as the centre of operations in the north.	Smeerenburg	Spitsbergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Cañada de Herrera was a 6,658-acre (26.94 km2) Mexican land grant in present day Marin County, California given in 1839 by Governor pro tem Manuel Jimeno to Domingo Sais (also spelled Saens or Saez).	Rancho Cañada de Herrera	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Ferry Plaza, also called A Lighthouse At The Tip Of The Island, was a supertall skyscraper proposed in 1987 to rise right next to the East River on Manhattan Island in New York City.	South Ferry Plaza	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stöckheim-Leiferde is a Stadtbezirk (city district) in the southern part of Braunschweig (Brunswick), Germany.	Stöckheim-Leiferde	Braunschweig
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bethen is a small town on the edge of the German city Cloppenburg in Lower Saxony.	Bethen	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harbor Park is a stadium, used primarily for baseball, on the Elizabeth River, in downtown Norfolk, Virginia.	Harbor Park	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Gorji (Persian: حسن ابادگرجي‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Gorjī; also known as Ḩasanābād-e Shāhrāh) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Gorji	Miyan Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andersnatten is a mountain located in Eggedal in the municipality of Sigdal in Buskerud, Norway.	Andersnatten	Sigdal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halstead High School is a public high school located in Halstead, Kansas, USA, serving students in grades 9-12.	Halstead High School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lynbrook High School (also referred to as Lynbrook or LHS) is a co-educational, public, four-year high school located in the West San Jose neighborhood of San Jose, California, USA.	Lynbrook High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The MacDonald Highlands are a series of highly affluent residential neighborhoods in Henderson, Nevada in the foothills of Black Mountain.	MacDonald Highlands	Black Mountain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bierdzany (bjɛrˈd͡zanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turawa, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bierdzany	Gmina Turawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Energy Efficiency Center is a research center on the Oregon State University campus that looks to promote renewable energies and energy efficiency in the industrial, agricultural and commercial sectors.	Energy Efficiency Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bochówko (bɔˈxufkɔ) (Kashubian: Bòchówkò; German: Bochowke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bochówko	Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burghwallis is a small village and civil parish in rural South Yorkshire, England.	Burghwallis	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franklin Common Historic District is a historic district encompassing the traditional village center of Franklin, Massachusetts.	Franklin Common Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konarestan-e Sofla (Persian: كنارستان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Konārestān-e Soflá; also known as Konārestān) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Konarestan-e Sofla	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zavait (Serbian Cyrillic: Заваит) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zavait	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sinnett Octagon House built in 1855 is an historic octagonal house in Muscatine, Iowa.	Sinnett Octagon House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayot St Peter is a village and civil parish in the Welwyn Hatfield district of Hertfordshire, England, about two miles north-west of Welwyn Garden City.	Ayot St Peter	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buxhall is a village and a civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district, in the county of Suffolk, England.	Buxhall	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gordonstoun school is a co-educational independent school for boarding and day pupils in Moray, Scotland.	Gordonstoun	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vanastra, Ontario, Canada, is located in the municipality of Huron East in Huron County, three kilometres south of the community of Clinton.	Vanastra, Ontario	Huron County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petriș (Hungarian: Marospetres) is a commune in Arad County, Romania, is situated in the contact zone of Mureș Couloir with Metaliferi Mountains.	Petriș	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salt Lake Oil Field is an oil field underneath the city of Los Angeles, California.	Salt Lake Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1985 Nahanni earthquakes is the name for a continuous sequence of earthquakes that began in 1985 in the Nahanni region of the Northwest Territories, Canada.	1985 Nahanni earthquakes	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King of Prussia Inn is a historic tavern in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, United States.	King of Prussia Inn	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boulevard Diner is a historic diner at 155 Shrewsbury Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Boulevard Diner	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Steilacoom is a reservoir approximately 4 km (2.5 mi) southwest of Tacoma in Pierce County, Washington, United States.	Lake Steilacoom	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czapury (t͡ʂaˈpurɨ) (German: Staffelbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Czapury	Gmina Mosina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Khalk (Persian: دره خلك‎) is a village in Saroleh Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Khalk	Saroleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chełmica Duża (xɛu̯ˈmit͡sa ˈduʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Chełmica Duża	Gmina Fabianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarpaniran Rural District (Persian: دهستان سرپنيران‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Pasargad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sarpaniran Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée des tramways à vapeur et des chemins de fer secondaires français (Museum of French steam tramways and secondary railways -- MTVS) is located alongside Valmondois railway station, in the small town of Butry-sur-Oise in the departement of Val-d'Oise, 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Paris.	Musée des tramways à vapeur et des chemins de fer secondaires français	Butry-sur-Oise
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Cove is a village and civil parish in the Waveney district in the north of the English county of Suffolk.	North Cove	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zazeh (Persian: ززه‎; also known as Zazz) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District, Ala-e Marvdasht District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zazeh	Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goldshöfe station is a station in the German state of Baden-Württemberg at the junction of the Aalen--	Goldshöfe station	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fair Glacier is an alpine glacier located just west of Apache Peak, in Roosevelt National Forest in the U.S. state of Colorado.	Fair Glacier	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hutchinson River Parkway (also known as The Hutch) is a north--south parkway in southern New York in the United States.	Hutchinson River Parkway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarqul (Persian: سرقول‎, also Romanized as Sarqūl) is a village in Shuy Rural District, in the Central District of Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sarqul	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuanjiang (Chinese: 沅江; pinyin: Yuánjiāng) is a county-level city under the administration of Yiyang, Hunan province, China.	Yuanjiang	Yiyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frondarola is a small town in the province of Teramo in the Abruzzo region of Italy, population about 200.	Frondarola	Teramo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coward Springs is a former settlement and railway station in the desert in the Far North of South Australia.	Coward Springs	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bunibonibee Cree Nation, formerly known as Oxford House First Nation and as Oxford House Band of Indians, is a First Nation located along the eastern shoreline of Oxford Lake at theheadwatersof the Hayes River and is approximately 950 kilometres (590 mi) northeast of Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Bunibonibee Cree Nation	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avaneeswaram is a small village located on Kunnicode-Pathanapuram road in Kollam district, Kerala.	Avaneeswaram	Kollam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piraino (Sicilian: Piràinu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 130 kilometres (81 mi) east of Palermo and about 60 kilometres (37 mi) west of Messina.	Piraino	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acadia Cliffs State Nature Preserve is a state nature preserve in Washington County, Ohio, United States, with a small neck extending into Athens County, Ohio.	Acadia Cliffs State Nature Preserve	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Astaneh (Persian: چاه استانه‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Āstāneh) is a village in Bakharz Rural District, in the Central District of Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Astaneh	Bakharz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bijargah-e Olya (Persian: بيجارگاه عليا‎, also Romanized as Bījārgāh-e ``Olyā; also known as Bījārgāh-e Bālā) is a village in Machian Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 390, in 99 families.	Bijargah-e Olya	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pirakuh Rural District (Persian: دهستان پيراكوه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pirakuh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centenary Methodist Episcopal Church, South in St. Louis, Missouri was built in 1869.	Centenary Methodist Episcopal Church, South	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treskinnick Cross is a hamlet at Grid ref. SX2098 on the A39 main road near Poundstock in northeast Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Treskinnick Cross	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sariyeh Khatun (Persian: ساريه خاتون‎, also Romanized as Sārīyeh Khātūn; also known as Emāmzādeh, Emāmzādeh Sārīyeh Khātūn, and Imāmzādeh) is a village in Neyzar Rural District, Salafchegan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Sariyeh Khatun	Neyzar Rural District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lewis Textile Museum was bequeathed to the people of Blackburn by a local cotton industrialist, Thomas Boys Lewis (1869--1942).	Lewis Textile Museum	Blackburn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frances Canyon Ruin is a Navajo pueblito near Blanco in Rio Arriba County, New Mexico, United States.	Frances Canyon Ruin	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée de la Serrure, also known as the Musée de la Serrurerie or the Musée Bricard, is a private museum of locks and keys located in the 3rd arrondissement at 1 rue de la Perle, Paris, France.	Musée de la Serrure	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gartow-Höhbeck transmitter is a large facility for FM and TV transmission in Lower Saxony, Germany, situated behalf of the communities of Gartow and Höhbeck.	Gartow-Höhbeck transmitter	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khush Manzar (Persian: خوش منظر‎, also Romanized as Khūsh Manẓar) is a village in Aladagh Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khush Manzar	Aladagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WZYP (104.3 FM, ``104.3 'ZYP'') is an adult-oriented Top 40 (CHR) music-formatted radio station licensed to serve Athens, Alabama, and broadcasting in the Huntsville, Alabama, area.	WZYP	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borshchovychi (Ukrainian: Борщовичі, Polish: Barszczowice) is a village in Pustomyty Raion of Lviv Oblast in Ukraine.	Borshchovychi	Pustomyty Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puerto Pirihueico or Pirehueico is a Chilean village (Spanish: aldea) in Panguipulli commune, of Los Ríos Region.	Puerto Pirihueico	Panguipulli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Battell Chapel is the largest chapel of Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.	Battell Chapel	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chowtapalli is a village in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India, is in the Krishna district, in Gudivada Mandal.	Chowtapalli	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chatfield State Park is a state park located in Douglas and Jefferson counties of Colorado, United States.	Chatfield State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knob Noster State Park is a state-operated, public recreation area covering 3,934 acres (1,592 ha) in Johnson County, Missouri, in the United States.	Knob Noster State Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	KOHI (1600 AM) is a radio station in St. Helens, 29 miles north of Portland, Oregon on U.S. Route 30.	KOHI	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treptower Tollensewinkel (pronounced (tʁɛptoːɐ), with a silent w) is an Amt in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Treptower Tollensewinkel	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saravan Rural District (Persian: دهستان سراوان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Saravan Rural District	Sangar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Free State of Galveston (sometimes referred to as the Republic of Galveston Island) was a whimsical name given to the island city of Galveston in the U.S. state of Texas during the early-to-mid-20th century.	Free State of Galveston	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maksar-e Vosta (Persian: مكسروسطي‎, also Romanized as Maksar-e Vostá; also known as Maksar-e Mīānī) is a village in Jarahi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Maksar-e Vosta	Jarahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jefferson National Expansion Memorial is a park located in St. Louis, Missouri, near the starting point of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.	Jefferson National Expansion Memorial	St. Louis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chehelsavaran (Persian: چهل سواران‎, also Romanized as Chehelsavārān) is a village in Fin Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chehelsavaran	Fin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goląsza Górna (ɡɔˈlɔ̃ʂa ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary, within Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Goląsza Górna	Gmina Psary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghcheh Hesar (Persian: اغچه حصار‎, also Romanized as Āghcheh Ḩeşār) is a village in Ramjin Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Aghcheh Hesar	Ramjin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasr-e Qand (Persian: قصرقند‎, also Romanized as Qaşr-e Qand and Qaşr Qand; also known as Barqān and Borgan) is a city in and the capital of Qasr-e Qand County, in Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Qasr-e Qand	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gory Mahalleh (Persian: گرئ محله‎, also Romanized as Gory Maḩalleh) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gory Mahalleh	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dudez (Persian: دودز‎, also Romanized as Dūdez) is a village in Jowzar Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dudez	Jowzar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mima Mounds Natural Area Preserve is a state-protected Natural Area in southwest Washington state, USA.	Mima Mounds Natural Area Preserve	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frankopan Castle (Croatian: Frankopanski Kaštel) is a castle located on the southwest coast of the island Krk, in the ancient town of Krk, which is one of the oldest towns in the Adriatic, in Croatia.	Frankopan Castle	Krk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Poryckie (ˈbudɨ pɔˈrɨt͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Budy Poryckie	Gmina Stawiski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Shickshinny Creek is a tributary of Shickshinny Creek in Columbia County and Luzerne County, in Pennsylvania, United States.	Little Shickshinny Creek	Columbia County	Luzerne County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rameshi (Persian: رمشي‎, also Romanized as Rameshī; also known as Rameh Shīr) is a village in Mianrud Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rameshi	Mianrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tyniowice (tɨɲɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Тиневичі, Tynevychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Roźwienica, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Tyniowice	Gmina Roźwienica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fay-Usborne Mill is a historic grist mill and feed store located at Westfield in Chautauqua County, New York.	Fay-Usborne Mill	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Van-e Sofla (Persian: وان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Vān-e Soflá; also known as Vān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Van-e Sofla	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebbsfleet International railway station is a railway station in Ebbsfleet Valley, in the Borough of Dartford, Kent, 10 miles (16 kilometres) outside the eastern boundary of Greater London, England.	Ebbsfleet International railway station	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heavenly Mountain Resort is a ski resort located on the California-Nevada border in South Lake Tahoe.	Heavenly Mountain Resort	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barszczowa Góra (barʂˈt͡ʂɔva ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Barszczowa Góra	Gmina Nowinka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anjarak-e Paeen (Persian: انجرک پایین ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Anjarak-e Paeen	Tamin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grestain Abbey (or Grestein Abbey, French: Abbaye Notre-Dame de Grestain) was an 11th-Century Benedictine monastery near the town of Fatouville-Grestain, which is located in the modern-day Eure département of Upper Normandy, France.	Grestain Abbey	Fatouville-Grestain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prince Edward's Road is a one-way road in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.	Prince Edward's Road	Gibraltar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipowina (lipɔˈvina) (German Lindenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Lipowina	Gmina Braniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clonroche (Irish: Cluain an Róistigh, meaning ``Roches' pasture'') is a village in County Wexford, Ireland.	Clonroche	County Wexford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Junction Hollow is a small wooded valley bordering the west flanks of Schenley Park and the campus of Carnegie Mellon University and the southern edge of the University of Pittsburgh's campus in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Junction Hollow	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Artiče (pronounced (aɾˈtiːtʃɛ); German: Artitsch bei Rann) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Artiče	Brežice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vintage Aero Flying Museum (VAFM), formally LaFayette1 Escadrille Flying Museum, is Colorado's international aviation museum at Platte Valley Airpark, 4 miles north-west of Hudson, Colorado and 40 miles north-east of Denver, Colorado.	Vintage Aero Flying Museum	Platte Valley Airpark
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grays River Covered Bridge is a one-lane covered bridge over the Grays River in western Wahkiakum County, Washington.	Grays River Covered Bridge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2006 Westchester County tornado was the strongest and largest tornado in the history of Westchester County, New York.	2006 Westchester County tornado	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naropa University is a private liberal arts college in Boulder, Colorado, United States.	Naropa University	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Div Darreh (Persian: ديودره‎, also Romanized as Dīv Darreh) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Div Darreh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suddaby Public School, originally known as Central School, is a public elementary school in Kitchener, Ontario (formerly known as Berlin).	Suddaby Public School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philippsburg is a town in Germany, in the district of Karlsruhe in Baden-Württemberg.	Philippsburg	Karlsruhe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Hard (Persian: دره هرد‎, also Romanized as Darreh Hard; also known as Darhard and Darreh Har) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Hard	Gol-e Cheydar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plus City is a Shopping Centre in Pasching in Upper Austria.	Plus City	Upper Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kruplin-Barbarówka (ˈkruplin barbaˈrufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kruplin-Barbarówka	Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Squak Mountain is the second most westerly mountain of the Issaquah Alps mountain chain in Washington state.	Squak Mountain	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Disappointment Islands (French: Îles du Désappointement) are a subgroup of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia.	Disappointment Islands	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coenties Slip, originally an artificial inlet in the East River for the loading and unloading of ships that was land-filled in 1835, is a historic street in Lower Manhattan, New York City, in the heart of the Financial District.	Coenties Slip	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clyro (Welsh: Cleirwy) is a village in Powys, Wales, with approximately 600 inhabitants (2005).	Clyro	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Denton Community Theatre is a local theatre located in Denton, Texas in the United States.	Denton Community Theatre	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbott Run is a de facto river in the U.S. states of Massachusetts and Rhode Island.	Abbott Run	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	King's Point is a town on the north shore of the southwest arm of Green Bay in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	King's Point	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Sheen Baptist Church is an evangelical church in East Sheen in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	East Sheen Baptist Church	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallcliffe House was a heritage listed two-storey stone, shingle and corrugated iron homestead located near Prevelly and the mouth of the Margaret River in Western Australia.	Wallcliffe House	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atlantic City High School is a four-year public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in Atlantic City, in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Atlantic City School District.	Atlantic City High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tam-e Rasul (Persian: تام رسول‎, also Romanized as Tām-e Rasūl) is a village in Sarakhs Rural District, in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tam-e Rasul	Sarakhs Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedonia is a comune within the Province of Parma, in Emilia-Romagna (Italy).	Bedonia	Province of Parma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bittenbender Covered Bridge was a historic wooden covered bridge in Huntington Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania.	Bittenbender Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahand-e Sofla (Persian: سهندسفلي‎, also Romanized as Sahand-e Soflá) is a village in Mah Neshan Rural District, in the Central District of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Sahand-e Sofla	Mah Neshan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Androscoggin Wayside Park is located on the Androscoggin River in Errol, New Hampshire, along Route 16.	Androscoggin Wayside Park	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damirchi-ye Sofla (Persian: دميرچي سفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Damīrchī-ye Soflá; also known as Damīrchelū-ye Soflá and Damīrchī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Damirchi-ye Sofla	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Överkalix Municipality (Swedish: Överkalix kommun, Finnish: Ylikainuun kunta) is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden.	Överkalix Municipality	Norrbotten County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gluzy (ˈɡluzɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Gluzy	Gmina Wiślica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurkani Arpena (Persian: گوركاني ارپنا‎, also Romanized as Gūrḵānī Ārpenā) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gurkani Arpena	Darreh Kayad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llechryd (Welsh pronunciation: (ɬɛxrɪd)) is a village on the A484 road approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) from Cardigan, in Ceredigion, Wales.	Llechryd	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zajzdra (ˈzai̯zdra) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Zajzdra	Gmina Kuźnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tauragė District Municipality (Lithuanian: Tauragės rajono savivaldybė) is a municipality in Tauragė County, Lithuania	Tauragė District Municipality	Tauragė County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanranay (Russian: Янранай) is a rural locality (a selo) in Chaunsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located just to the west of Pevek.	Yanranay	Chaunsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckhead Village is a neighborhood of Atlanta, Georgia, one of 42 neighborhoods in the larger Buckhead district and the community's historic business section.	Buckhead Village	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hurley Mountain Inn is a restaurant/sports tavern in historic Hurley, New York.	Hurley Mountain Inn	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyckoff Heights Medical Center is a 350-bed teaching hospital located in the Wyckoff Heights section of Bushwick, Brooklyn in New York City.	Wyckoff Heights Medical Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surhów (ˈsurxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśniczyn, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Surhów	Gmina Kraśniczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeysaraq (Persian: قيصرق‎, also Romanized as Qeyşaraq; also known as Qeyşarīyeh) is a village in Ardalan Rural District, Mehraban District, Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeysaraq	Ardalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kivistö is a district and major region of the municipality of Vantaa, Finland, located within the northwestern part of the city.	Kivistö	Vantaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Soda Lakes are two lakes located northwest of Fallon, Nevada.	Soda Lakes	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Lamentin is a French town, located in the Outre-Mer department of Martinique, in the French West Indies.	Le Lamentin	Martinique
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boris Trajkovski Sports Center (Macedonian: Спортски центар Борис Трајковски, Sportski centar Boris Trajkovski) in Skopje is a multi-functional indoor sports arena.	Boris Trajkovski Sports Center	Skopje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Town of Niagara District School No. 2 is a historic One-room school located at Niagara in Niagara County, New York.	Town of Niagara District School No. 2	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pas Kul (Persian: پسكول‎, also Romanized as Pas Kūl) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pas Kul	Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Felsite Peak is an eroded volcanic outcrop in the Wrangell Volcanic Field, Yukon Territory, Canada, located 54 km south of Silver City, 8 km southwest of Snowshoe Peak and 30 km east of Pinnacle Peak.	Felsite Peak	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abaru Rural District (Persian: دهستان ابرو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Abaru Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kulów (ˈkuluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kulów	Gmina Kotla
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Islamic Center of Murfreesboro (ICM) is an Islamic community organisation located in the town of Murfreesboro, Tennessee, United States.	Islamic Center of Murfreesboro	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katehri (Hindi: कटेहरी, Urdu: کٹحری) is a town in Ambedkar Nagar district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Katehri	Ambedkar Nagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Sharqi (Persian: محمدابادشرقي‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Sharqī; also known as Mo’ammadābād-e Sharqī and Bolverīān) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Sharqi	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eugene W. Britt House is a three-story, red-brick Georgian Revival-Colonial Revival mansion built in 1910 in the West Adams district of Los Angeles, California.	Eugene W. Britt House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spioenkop Dam impounds the Tugela River in KwaZulu-Natal.	Spioenkop Dam	KwaZulu-Natal
located in the administrative territorial entity	D'Agostini Winery refers to both a winery in Healdsburg, California (Sonoma County) owned by Armagan Champagne Cellars as well as the original vineyard and wine cellar located in Plymouth, Amador County, which are owned by Sobon Estate Winery.	D'Agostini Winery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spenge is a town in the district of Herford, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany	Spenge	Herford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skaratki pod Rogóźno (skaˈratki ˈpɔt rɔˈɡuʑnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniewice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Skaratki pod Rogóźno	Gmina Domaniewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greater Curitiba is the area of Brazil including and surrounding the city of Curitiba, Paraná state.	Greater Curitiba	Paraná
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalakh (Punjabi: ਕਾਲਖ਼) is a village in Ludhiana district, Punjab, India.	Kalakh	Ludhiana district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knieja Łuczańska (ˈkɲeja wuˈt͡ʂaɲska) (German: Waldgut Lötzen) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Knieja Łuczańska	Gmina Kruklanki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mina Khun (Persian: ميناخون‎, also Romanized as Mīnā Khūn; also known as Mīnākhū) is a village in Barakuh Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mina Khun	Barakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andrew Carnegie Mansion is located at 2 East 91st Street at Fifth Avenue in Manhattan, New York City, New York.	Andrew Carnegie Mansion	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warriston Cemetery lies in Warriston, one of the northern suburbs of Edinburgh, Scotland.	Warriston Cemetery	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tup Derakht (Persian: توپدرخت‎, also Romanized as Tūp Derakht) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tup Derakht	Miyan Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melgar de Fernamental is a municipality and town lying by the Pisuerga river, located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.	Melgar de Fernamental	province of Burgos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alagoinha (Little Alagoas) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Pernambuco.	Alagoinha	Pernambuco
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dragon's Back (Traditional Chinese: 龍脊) is a ridge in southeastern Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong, between Wan Cham Shan and Shek O Peak.	Dragon's Back	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hurand District (Persian: بخش هوراند‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hurand District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hameh Katan (Persian: حمه كتن‎, also Romanized as Ḩameh Katan) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Hameh Katan	Deraz Kola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kittatinny Valley is a section of the Great Appalachian Valley in Sussex and Warren County in northwestern New Jersey that is bounded on the west by Kittatinny Mountain, and in the east by the Highlands region.	Kittatinny Valley	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanliang District (simplified Chinese: 阎良区; traditional Chinese: 閻良區; pinyin: Yánliáng Qū) is one of nine districts of Xi'an, the capital of Shaanxi province, China.	Yanliang District	Xi'an
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darlington School is an American private, coeducational, college-preparatory day and boarding school in Rome, Georgia.	Darlington School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hualien Baseball Stadium (Chinese: 花蓮縣立德興棒球場; pinyin: Huālián Xiànlì Déxìng Bàngqiúchǎng) is a baseball stadium located in Hualien City, Hualien County, Taiwan.	Hualien Baseball Stadium	Hualien City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berikhun (Persian: بريخون‎, also Romanized as Berīkhūn and Bārīkhūn) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Berikhun	Mobarakabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKOW-FM ``96.9 The Kow'' is a country station licensed to Pittsburg, Kansas, owned by American Media Investments.	KKOW-FM	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalyubia Governorate (Egyptian Arabic: محافظة القليوبية el-Alyobeyya Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: (elʔæljoˈbejjæ)) is one of the governorates of Egypt.	Qalyubia Governorate	Egypt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolsko (ˈvɔlskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miasteczko Krajeńskie, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wolsko	Gmina Miasteczko Krajeńskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slesse Mountain, usually referred to as Mount Slesse, is a mountain just north of the US-Canada border, in the Cascade Mountains of British Columbia, near the town of Chilliwack.	Slesse Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Incahuasi District or Inkawasi (Quechua Inka Inca, wasi house, ``Inca house'') is one of six districts of the Ferreñafe Province in the lambayeque Region in Peru.	Incahuasi District	Ferreñafe Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rabkavi Banhatti is a town situated at the bank river Krishna and a city municipal council in Bagalkot district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Rabkavi Banhatti	Bagalkot district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelak-e Sofla (Persian: كلاك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kelāk-e Soflá; also known as Kelāk-e Pā’īn) is a village in Owzrud Rural District, Baladeh District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kelak-e Sofla	Owzrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borapa is small village located 20 km from Mathura in west and about 4 km from the town Sonkh in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Borapa	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 485 (I-485) is an Interstate Highway loop encircling Charlotte, North Carolina.	Interstate 485	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montauk Manor is a historic resort hotel located in the hamlet of Montauk in Suffolk County, New York, on Long Island.	Montauk Manor	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skyrush is an Intamin prototype Wing Coaster with winged seating at Hersheypark in Hershey, Pennsylvania.	Skyrush	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwan Tei River (軍地河) is a river in northeastern New Territories, Hong Kong.	Kwan Tei River	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haverfordwest (/ˈhævərfərdˈwɛst/; Welsh: Hwlffordd (ˈhuːlfɔrð)) is the county town of Pembrokeshire, Wales, and serves as the county's principal commercial and administrative centre.	Haverfordwest	Pembrokeshire	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wategaon (Marathi: वाटेगांव) is a town in Sangli district, Maharashtra, India.Wategaon (pop. 4,255) is a village in walva taluka lying 16 km (ten miles) west of Islampur and 9.65 km (six miles) north-west of Peth.	Wategaon	Sangli district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Hood Freeway is a partially completed but never to be finished freeway alignment of U.S. Route 26 and Interstate 80N (now Interstate 84), which would have run through southeast Portland, Oregon.	Mount Hood Freeway	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolechowice Pierwsze (kɔlɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Lubelski, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolechowice Pierwsze	Gmina Ostrów Lubelski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saratoga Gap Open Space Preserve is a 1291-acre (5.224 km²) regional park located near Saratoga Gap in the Santa Cruz Mountains of Santa Clara County, California.	Saratoga Gap Open Space Preserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pere Marquette 1223 is a steam locomotive on permanent display in Grand Haven, Michigan.	Pere Marquette 1223	Grand Haven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ochłoda (ɔˈxwɔda) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Jutrosin, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ochłoda	Gmina Jutrosin
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYYC (1250 AM) is a religious radio station in York, Pennsylvania, and is owned by Steel City Radio, Inc.	WYYC	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Connetquot High School (CHS) is a public high school serving students from the communities of Bohemia, Sayville, West Sayville, Oakdale and Ronkonkoma in the ninth through twelfth grades located in Bohemia, New York and is part of the Connetquot Central School District.	Connetquot High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalashi District (Persian: بخش کلاشی‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kalashi District	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nawino (naˈvinɔ) (formerly German Naffin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nawino	Gmina Białogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Midlands Police Museum is located in a wing of Sparkhill police station, Birmingham, England, which was formerly a courtroom.	West Midlands Police Museum	Sparkhill
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHQI-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting a tourist information format at 90.7 MHz (FM) in Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario.	CHQI-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Hayati-ye Sofla (Persian: پيرحياتي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Pīr Ḩayātī-ye Soflá; also known as Pīr Ḩayātī, Pīr Ḩayātī-ye Pā’īn, Pīriāī, and Pīryal) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Pir Hayati-ye Sofla	Mahidasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQKK is an FM radio station operating on 106.9 MHz licensed to Renovo, Pennsylvania; the station is owned by Magnum Broadcasting.	WQKK	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Magic Mile is an aerial chairlift at Timberline Lodge ski area, Mount Hood, Oregon, U.S. It was named for its unique location above the tree line and for its original length.	Magic Mile	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fortosi (Greek: Φορτόσι) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Katsanochoria, Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Fortosi	Katsanochoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mokelumne Wilderness is a 105,165-acre (425.59 km2) federally designated wilderness area located 70 miles (110 km) east of Sacramento, California.	Mokelumne Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Strathcona Public Building or South Edmonton Post Office is an historic building in the Old Strathcona heritage district of Edmonton.	Strathcona Public Building	Edmonton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowalowce (kɔvaˈlɔft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kowalowce	Gmina Zabłudów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jonki (ˈjɔnki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jonki	Gmina Konarzyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCXT (98.3 FM, ``The Coast'') is a radio station broadcasting a hot adult contemporary format, serving the southwestern Michigan area.	WCXT	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridge in Lewis Township was an historic Pratt through truss bridge spanning Lycoming Creek at Lewis Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania.	Bridge in Lewis Township	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steel Winds (or Steel Winds I & Steel Winds II) is a wind energy project located on the coast of Lake Erie in Lackawanna, New York, just south of the City of Buffalo in Erie County.	Steel Winds	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerdu Nan (Persian: گردونان‎, also Romanized as Gerdū Nān; also known as Gerd-e Nān) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gerdu Nan	Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel Building is a 20 story, 238 foot (86 m) office building located in downtown Birmingham, Alabama.	Daniel Building	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casa Malpaís is an archaeological site of the Ancient Pueblo Peoples located near the town of Springerville, Arizona.	Casa Malpaís	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stephanskirchen is a municipality in the district of Rosenheim, Upper Bavaria in Germany.	Stephanskirchen	Rosenheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hibbing High School is a public grade 7-12 high school in Hibbing, Minnesota, United States.	Hibbing High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Isartor at the Isartorplatz in Munich is one of four main gates of the medieval city wall.	Isartor	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Safford City-Graham County Library is a public library in Safford, Arizona serving Graham County, Greenlee County and Gila County.	Safford City-Graham County Library	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Redington Museum is a historic museum in Waterville, Maine that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Redington Museum	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalewal Fattu is a small Indian village located in Hoshiarpur district.	Kalewal Fattu	Hoshiarpur
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peralta Adobe is the oldest building in San Jose, northern California.	Peralta Adobe	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cragston Dependencies is a group of historic buildings located at Highlands in Orange County, New York.	Cragston Dependencies	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sierra Grande is an extinct shield volcano in northeastern New Mexico that rises 2,200 feet above the surrounding plain.	Sierra Grande	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oak Creek Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Oak Creek Nature Reserve	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasht Bandi (Persian: هشت بندي يك or هشت بندی‎, also Romanized as Hasht Bandī) is a city in and the capital of Tukahur District, in Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Hasht Bandi	Tukahur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Squam Lake is a lake located in the Lakes Region of central New Hampshire, United States, south of the White Mountains, straddling the borders of Grafton, Carroll, and Belknap counties.	Squam Lake	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olivet College is a coeducational, private liberal arts college located in Olivet, Michigan, United States, 29 miles (47 km) south of Lansing and 125 miles (201 km) west of Detroit.	Olivet College	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Čatrnja (Serbian: Чатрња) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čatrnja	Gradiška
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clark Round Barn was an historical structure located near Tyrone in rural Monroe County, Iowa, United States.	Clark Round Barn	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cave Lake State Park is a state park in White Pine County, Nevada, USA, featuring a 32-acre (13 ha) reservoir.	Cave Lake State Park	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarne Wielkie (ˈt͡ʂarnɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Schwarzsee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Czarne Wielkie	Gmina Czaplinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fajãzinha is a civil parish in the municipality of Lajes das Flores located 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) from the main town of Lajes das Flores, on the western coast of Portuguese island of Flores.	Fajãzinha	Lajes das Flores
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLTN-FM is an Adult Contemporary/Full-Service formatted radio station in New Hampshire licensed to Lisbon, serving northern New Hampshire and the Northeast Kingdom of Vermont.	WLTN-FM	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majdan-Grabina (ˈmai̯dan ɡraˈbina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzówek, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Majdan-Grabina	Gmina Zakrzówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Epsom Salts Monorail or Magnesium Monorail was a short-lived Lartigue Monorail in San Bernardino County, California, in the United States.	Epsom Salts Monorail	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piskorowice (pʲiskɔrɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Пискоровичі, Pyskorovychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leżajsk, within Leżajsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Piskorowice	Gmina Leżajsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort H. G. Wright was a United States military installation on Fishers Island, just 2 miles off the coast of southeastern Connecticut, but technically in New York.	Fort H. G. Wright	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojcieszów (vɔi̯ˈt͡ɕeʂuf) (German: Kauffung) is a town in Złotoryja County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the German border.	Wojcieszów	Złotoryja County	Lower Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talleh Pasgah (Persian: تله پاسگاه‎, also Romanized as Talleh Pāsgāh) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Talleh Pasgah	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Germania Building is an eight-story historic Beaux-Arts/Classical Revival building at 135 W. Wells St. in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Germania Building	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pushpavanam is a village in Vedaranyam subdistrict in Nagapattinam District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Pushpavanam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clankelly (from Irish Clann Cheallaigh, meaning ``Clan Kelly'') is a barony in County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland.	Clankelly	County Fermanagh
located in the administrative territorial entity	KPXI (100.7 FM) is a radio station, based in Overton, Texas, serves the Tyler-Longview area.	KPXI	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarasivtsi (Romanian: Tărăsăuți; Ukrainian: Тарасівці; Russian: Тарасовцы) is a village in Ukraine in the Novoselytsia Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast.	Tarasivtsi	Novoselytsia Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schaulager is a museum in Newmünchenstein, a sub-district of Münchenstein in the canton of Basel-Country, Switzerland.	Schaulager	Münchenstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ridgetown is a community located in south-east Chatham-Kent, Ontario, Canada.	Ridgetown	Chatham-Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTBG (90.9 FM) is a listener supported radio station in Kansas City, Missouri.	KTBG	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pellissippi State Community College (Pellissippi State or PSCC) is one of 13 member community colleges operated by the Tennessee Board of Regents.	Pellissippi State Community College	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Stoddert Haw House is a historic building, located at 2808 N Street, Northwest, Washington, D.C., in the Georgetown neighborhood.	John Stoddert Haw House	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Attawapiskat First Nation (/ˌætəˈwɑːpᵻskæt/ Cree: ᐋᐦᑕᐙᐱᐢᑲᑐᐎ ᐃᓂᓂᐧᐊᐠ Āhtawāpiskatowi ininiwak, ``People of the parting of the rocks''; unpointed: ᐊᑕᐗᐱᐢᑲᑐᐎ ᐃᓂᓂᐧᐊᐠ) is an isolated First Nation located in Kenora District in northern Ontario, Canada, at the mouth of the Attawapiskat River on James Bay.	Attawapiskat First Nation	Kenora District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bluemont Junction Trail is a 1.3 miles (2.1 km) rail-trail in Arlington County, Virginia that the Arlington County government constructed along a former branch of the defunct Washington and Old Dominion Railroad.	Bluemont Junction Trail	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyoming Highway 35 is a short north-south Wyoming state highway located in northwestern Big Horn County in Cowley.	Wyoming Highway 35	Big Horn County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarasota Memorial Hospital is the anchor of Sarasota Memorial Health Care System, a regional medical center located in Sarasota County on Florida's Gulf Coast.	Sarasota Memorial Hospital	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalha (Persian: كلها‎, also Romanized as Kalhā) is a village in Adaran Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Kalhā	Adaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sobiecin (sɔˈbʲɛt͡ɕin) (Ukrainian: Соб'ятин, Sobyatyn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Sobiecin	Gmina Jarosław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vynohradiv Raion (Ukrainian: Виноградівський район, Hungarian: Nagyszőlősi jaras, German: Rajon Wynohradiw, Romanian: Raionul Vînohradiv, Rusyn: Виноградівскый район, Russian: Виноградовский район, Slovak: Vynohradivský rajón) is a raion in Zakarpattia Oblast in western Ukraine.	Vynohradiv Raion	Zakarpattia Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flats is a mixed-use industrial, entertainment, and increasingly residential area of Cleveland, Ohio, USA.	The Flats	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schwatka Lake is a reservoir created by the damming of the Yukon River in Whitehorse, Yukon, completed in 1958.	Schwatka Lake	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogowo-Folwark (rɔˈɡɔvɔ ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rogowo-Folwark	Gmina Stary Lubotyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrožská Lhota (Czech pronunciation: (ˈostroʃskaː ˈlɦota)) is a village in the Uherské Hradiště District, Zlín Region, Czech Republic.	Ostrožská Lhota	Uherské Hradiště District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warburton House, also known as the Warburton Hotel and The Lucy Eaton Smith Residence, is a historic hotel located in the Rittenhouse Square East neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Warburton House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bobivtsi (Ukrainian: Нові Бросківці; Romanian: Broscăuții Noi) is a commune (selsoviet) in Storozhynets Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Bobivtsi	Storozhynets Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esary Lake is a small lake located east of Port Alberni, British Columbia, Canada.	Esary Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Copper Mountain Solar Facility is a 458 MWp solar photovoltaic power plant in Boulder City, Nevada.	Copper Mountain Solar Facility	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sikory-Piotrowięta (ɕiˈkɔrɨ pjɔtrɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sikory-Piotrowięta	Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Oak Municipal Airport (ICAO: KRDK, FAA LID: RDK) is a city-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) west of the central business district of Red Oak, a city in Montgomery County, Iowa, United States.	Red Oak Municipal Airport	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Levenwick is a small village about 17 miles (27 km) south of Lerwick, on the east side of the South Mainland of Shetland.	Levenwick	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muiredach's High Cross is a high cross from the 10th or possibly 9th century, located at the ruined monastic site of Monasterboice, County Louth, Ireland.	Muiredach's High Cross	Monasterboice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Champion Hill is a football stadium in East Dulwich in the London Borough of Southwark.	Champion Hill	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laupen is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district and its district capital, situated in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Laupen	Bern-Mittelland administrative district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bitter Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located in two separate sections in central Chaves County, New Mexico, United States, a few miles northeast of the city of Roswell.	Bitter Lake National Wildlife Refuge	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Putno (ˈputnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Putno	Gmina Krzęcin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pazurek (paˈzurɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olkusz, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Pazurek	Gmina Olkusz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kapar Khani (Persian: كپرخاني‎, also Romanized as Kapar Khānī) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kapar Khani	Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Blenheim Bridge was a wooden covered bridge that spanned Schoharie Creek in North Blenheim, New York, United States.	Old Blenheim Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coombabah Lake Conservation Park is a conservation park that is an Important Wetland in Australia, located in the Gold Coast region of South East Queensland, Australia.	Coombabah Lake Conservation Park	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Naqdi (Persian: دره نقدي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Naqdī, Darreh Naqd, and Darreh-ye Naqdī) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Naqdi	Darreh Seydi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quechereguas is a Chilean village located in Molina, Talca Province, Maule Region.	Quechereguas	Molina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Westdahl is a stratovolcano of the Aleutian Range, in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Mount Westdahl	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxnard Airport (IATA: OXR, ICAO: KOXR, FAA LID: OXR) is a county owned, public airport a mile west of downtown Oxnard, in Ventura County, California.	Oxnard Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Wollaston Cemetery is a historic cemetery at 20 Sea Street in the Merrymount neighborhood of Quincy, Massachusetts.	Mount Wollaston Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grünerløkka (alternative spelling: Grünerløkken) is a district of the city of Oslo, Norway.	Grünerløkka	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wheaton Youth Center, also known as the Wheaton Community Recreation Center, is a building located on Georgia Avenue in Wheaton, Maryland.	Wheaton Youth Center	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oglethorpe Mall is a super-regional shopping mall on the Southside of Savannah, Georgia.	Oglethorpe Mall	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beotibar fronton is a short fronton located in Tolosa, Gipuzkoa.	Beotibar fronton	Tolosa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reid Glacier is an 11-mile-long (18 km) glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Reid Glacier	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedard Aspen Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located in the Cornwall Hills to the west of Cache Creek-Ashcroft in that province's Thompson Country region.	Bedard Aspen Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulles, Virginia is an unincorporated area located in Loudoun County, Virginia, part of the Washington metropolitan area.	Dulles, Virginia	Loudoun County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Community Methodist Church of Ione, is a United Methodist church in Ione, California, United States.	Community Methodist Church of Ione	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przerąb (ˈpʂɛrɔmp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłowice, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Przerąb	Gmina Masłowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seh Plan (Persian: سه پلان‎) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Seh Plan	Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ficksburg is the seat of the Setsoto Local Municipality which includes the towns of Clocolan, Marquard and Senekal.	Ficksburg	Setsoto Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Rumani (Persian: حسين ابادرومني‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Rūmanī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Rumani	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 800 Westchester Avenue complex is a postmodern Class A office building located in Rye Brook, New York.	800 Westchester Avenue	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harsimus (also known as Harsimus Cove) is a neighborhood within Downtown Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.	Harsimus	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zangivand (Persian: زنگي وند‎, also Romanized as Zangīvand) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Zangivand	Qarah Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lewis T. Gilliland House is a house located in northeast Portland, Oregon, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Lewis T. Gilliland House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hildreth Cemetery is a small cemetery located on Hildreth Street at Sutherland and By Streets in the Centralville neighborhood of Lowell, Massachusetts.	Hildreth Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hassani Abdelkrim (Arabic: حساني ﻋﺒﺪ اﻟﻜﺮﻳﻢ‎) is a town and commune in Debila District, El Oued Province, Algeria.	Hassani Abdelkrim	Debila District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savar-e Pain (Persian: سوارپائين‎, also Romanized as Savār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Savar-e Pain	Zavkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Acharya N. G. Ranga Agricultural University (ANGRAU) is a public Agricultural university in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Acharya N. G. Ranga Agricultural University	Hyderabad	Telangana	India
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gainford Hall is a privately owned Jacobean manor house at Gainford, County Durham.	Gainford Hall	County Durham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozpacz (ˈrɔspat͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rozpacz	Gmina Krośniewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Znakowo (znaˈkɔvɔ) (Kashubian: Znakòwò) is a village in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Znakowo	Gmina Miastko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Novara di Sicilia (Gallo-Italic of Sicily: Nuè; Sicilian: Nuvara) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 160 kilometres (99 mi) east of Palermo and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southwest of Messina.	Novara di Sicilia	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolsztyn County (Polish: powiat wolsztyński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.	Wolsztyn County	Greater Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khalifeh Mahalleh (Persian: خليفه محله‎, also Romanized as Khalīfeh Maḩalleh) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khalifeh Mahalleh	Chini Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KFSD (1450 AM) is a Spanish Catholic religious radio station based in North County, San Diego, California.	KFSD	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polson Pier, previously known as The Docks Waterfront Entertainment Complex or The Docks, is a multi-purpose entertainment venue in Toronto, Ontario.	Polson Pier	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katterat Station (Norwegian: Katterat stasjon) is a railway station in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county, Norway.	Katterat Station	Narvik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achrimsdale (Scottish Gaelic: Achadh Rumasdail) is a village in Highland, Scotland.	Achrimsdale	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babine Lake is the longest natural lake in British Columbia, Canada.	Babine Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zabłudów-Kolonia (zaˈbwuduf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zabłudów-Kolonia	Gmina Zabłudów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talkh-e Ataher (Persian: تلخ اطهر‎‎, also Romanized as Talkh-e Āṭaher; also known as Talkh) is a village in Kukherd Rural District, Kukherd District, Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Talkh-e Ataher	Hormozgan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niekrasy (ɲeˈkrasɨ) (German: Niekrassen (1938-45:Krassau)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Niekrasy	Gmina Ełk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flying Fruit Fly Circus School in Wodonga, Victoria is the only primary and secondary-level circus school in Australia.	Flying Fruit Fly Circus School	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarbaran (Persian: زربران‎, also Romanized as Zarbarān) is a village in Hanza Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zarbaran	Hanza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregation Beth Elohim (Hebrew: בֵּית אֱלֹהִים), also known as the Garfield Temple and the Eighth Avenue Temple, is a Reform Jewish congregation located at 274 Garfield Place and Eighth Avenue, in the Park Slope neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City, United States.	Congregation Beth Elohim	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beygom Aqa (Persian: بيگم اقا‎, also Romanized as Beygom Āqā; also known as Bagom, Bagom Āqā, Begīm Āghā, Begīm Āqā, and Pa yi Mega) is a village in Karasf Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Beygom Aqa	Karasf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beyg Oveysi (Persian: بيگ اويسي‎, also Romanized as Beyg Oveysī; also known as Beyg Ovbast and Beyk Oveysī) is a village in Torjan Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Beyg Oveysi	Torjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skutz Falls is a waterfall on the Cowichan River on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Skutz Falls	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Las (Persian: مزرعه لس‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Las; also known as Lūs) is a village in Hangam Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 4 families.	Mazraeh-ye Las	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Mirage Field is a private airport located 3 miles west of El Mirage, California.	El Mirage Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blanca Lake is located in the Henry M. Jackson Wilderness Area in the Cascade Mountains of the U.S. state of Washington.	Blanca Lake	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Peter's Kierch, also called the Old Kierch or St. Peter's Church, is a historic Lutheran church in Middletown, Dauphin County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	St. Peter's Kierch	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Owen-Spalding route is a technical climbing route on Grand Teton (13,775 feet (4,199 m)), the highest peak in the Teton Range in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Owen-Spalding route	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Echo Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada range to the west of Lake Tahoe on the border of the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County, California.	Echo Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indianoor (Malayalam: ഇന്ത്യനൂര്‍) is a village situated in Kottakkal, Malappuram district, Kerala, India.	Indianoor	Malappuram district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domrud-e Amir-e Sofla (Persian: دمروداميرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Domrūd-e Amīr-e Soflá) is a village in Afrineh Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Domrud-e Amir-e Sofla	Afrineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marsham Street is a street in the City of Westminster in London, England.	Marsham Street	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooklyn Store and Post Office is a historic country store and post office located at Brooklyn, Halifax County, Virginia.	Brooklyn Store and Post Office	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southcentre Mall is one of the largest (by area) shopping malls in Calgary, Alberta, 97,743.9 m2 (1,052,107 sq ft), and contains approximately 190 stores and services over two floors.	Southcentre Mall	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuen Long Nullah (元朗渠) is a nullah across western Yuen Long, Hong Kong.	Yuen Long Nullah	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanhe (Chinese: 三河; pinyin: Sānhé Shì) is a county-level city administered by Langfang prefecture in eastern Hebei province, People's Republic of China.	Sanhe	Langfang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kagawong River is a river on Manitoulin Island in Manitoulin District, Ontario, Canada which flows from Lake Kagawong to empty into Mudge Bay on the North Channel Lake Huron.	Kagawong River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John H. Nichols House is a historic house in downtown Wapakoneta, Ohio, United States.	John H. Nichols House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pulavanchi is a village located in Madukkur Panchayat Union, Pattukkottai Taluk, in the Thanjavur District, of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Pulavanchi	Pattukkottai Taluk	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaitaia is a town in the Far North District of New Zealand, at the base of the Aupouri Peninsula, about 160 km northwest of Whangarei.	Kaitaia	Far North District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Omaha Rail and Commerce Historic District, roughly bounded by Jackson, 15th, and 8th Streets, as well as the Union Pacific main line, is located in downtown Omaha, Nebraska.	Omaha Rail and Commerce Historic District	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leszczyniec (lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨɲɛt͡s) (German: Haselbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra, within Kamienna Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Leszczyniec	Gmina Kamienna Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Graaf van het Hoogveen was a restaurant located in Badhotel Zeerust in Noordwijk aan Zee, Netherlands.	De Graaf van het Hoogveen	Noordwijk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deq Padeh (Persian: دق پده‎) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Deq Padeh	Dar Agah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Mir Ali (Persian: قلعه ميرعلي‎‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Mīr Ālī and Qal``eh-ye Mīr``Alī) is a village in Gerit Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 32, in 8 families.	Qaleh-ye Mir Ali	Gerit Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Khaje Taj od-Din mausoleum is a historical structure in Kashan, Iran.	Khaje Taj od-Din mausoleum	Kashan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Taylor High School is a public high school located in Norfolk, Virginia and is the ``Home of the Mighty Titans''.	Lake Taylor High School	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh Dar (Persian: تپه دار‎‎, also Romanized as Tappeh Dār) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tappeh Dar	Kakasharaf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Andadeh (Persian: كلاته انداده‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Andādeh; also known as Mīānābād-e Joveyn) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District, in the Central District of Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Andadeh	Bala Jowayin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Déleg Canton (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈdeleɣ)) is a canton of Ecuador, located in the Cañar Province.	Déleg Canton	Cañar Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Susquehanna Steam Electric Station, a nuclear power station, is on the Susquehanna River in Luzerne County, northeastern Pennsylvania.	Susquehanna Steam Electric Station	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzywystok-Kolonia (kʂɨˈvɨstɔk kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Krzywystok-Kolonia	Gmina Komarów-Osada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annobór-Piaski (anˈnɔbur ˈpjaski) is a village in east Poland near Lubartów in Gmina Lubartów, Lubartów County in Lublin Voivodeship.	Annobór-Piaski	Gmina Lubartów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lincolnshire is a grand mansion at 22 Hidden Road and 28 Hidden Way in Andover, Massachusetts.	The Lincolnshire	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diman Regional Vocational Technical High School is a public vocational high school located in Fall River, Massachusetts.	Diman Regional Vocational Technical High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ybor City Museum State Park is a Florida State Park in Tampa, Florida's Ybor City.	Ybor City Museum State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annapolis Royal Regional Academy was a junior high school located in Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia.	Annapolis Royal Regional Academy	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jub Baghan-e Sofla (Persian: جوبباغان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Jūb Bāghān-e Soflá; also known as Barāftāb) is a village in Direh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Jub Baghan-e Sofla	Direh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biblis station is the only station of the town of Biblis in the German state of Hesse.	Biblis station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rushmore Air Force Station, South Dakota, was a secure weapons administration, storage, and handling facility for atomic, and later thermonuclear weapons, located adjacent to Ellsworth Air Force Base on its north side, that was operational from 1950 to 1962.	Rushmore Air Force Station	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	General Ulysses S. Grant Houses is a public housing project at the northern boundary of Morningside Heights in the borough of Manhattan, New York City.	Grant Houses	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malinišče (pronounced (maˈliːniʃtʃɛ); in older sources also Malinšek, German: Malinschek) is a small settlement above the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia.	Malinišče	Osilnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Autzen Stadium is an outdoor football stadium in the northwest United States, in Eugene, Oregon.	Autzen Stadium	Eugene
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valentine Soap Workers Cottages are a pair of adjacent historic houses in Cambridge, Massachusetts, that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Valentine Soap Workers Cottages	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rększowice (rɛnkʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopiska, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rększowice	Gmina Konopiska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duns (historically Scots: Dunse) is the county town of the historic county of Berwickshire, within the Scottish Borders.	Duns	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takhtgah-e Safi Yar Soltan (Persian: تختگاه صفيارسلطان‎, also Romanized as Takhtgāh-e Şafī Yār Solţān and Takhtgāh-e Şafīyār Solţān) is a village in Gurani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Takhtgah-e Safi Yar Soltan	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Ysidro Mountains are a mountain range in southern San Diego County, California.	San Ysidro Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gedling is a local government district with borough status in the English ceremonial county of Nottinghamshire.	Gedling	Nottinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Załęże-Ponikiewka (zaˈwɛ̃ʐɛ pɔniˈkʲɛfka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynarze, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Załęże-Ponikiewka	Gmina Młynarze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golden Spike National Historic Site is a U.S. National Historic Site located at Promontory Summit, north of the Great Salt Lake in Utah.	Golden Spike National Historic Site	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stierjoch is a mountain at the border of Bavaria, Germany with Tyrol, Austria.	Stierjoch	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Livan Rural District (Persian: دهستان ليوان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Now Kandeh District, Bandar-e Gaz County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Livan Rural District	Now Kandeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bignor is a village and civil parish in the Chichester district of the English county of West Sussex, about six miles (10 km) north of Arundel.	Bignor	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maheshtala (Bengali:মহেশতলা) is a city and a municipality under Maheshtala, Rabindra Nagar, and (some part of) Metiaburz police stations of Alipore Sadar Subdivision in South 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Maheshtala	South 24 Parganas district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haft Yaran (Persian: هفت ياران‎, also Romanized as Haft Yārān) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Haft Yaran	Tudeshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sarposa prison is a high security prison in Kandahar, Afghanistan, used to hold Taliban militants and other criminals including drug traffickers.	Sarposa prison	Kandahar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shiprock Airstrip (FAA LID: 5V5), also known as Shiprock Airport, is a public use airport located five nautical miles (6 mi, 9 km) south of the central business district of Shiprock, in San Juan County, New Mexico, United States.	Shiprock Airstrip	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biatorbágy (German: Wiehall-Kleinturwall) is a town in Pest County, Budapest metropolitan area, Hungary.	Biatorbágy	Pest County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phephana (also Fefana) is a village in Hanumangarh District of Rajasthan state in India.	Fefana	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanhu District (Chinese: 南湖区; Pinyin: Nánhú Qū) is a district in Jiaxing, Zhejiang Province of China.	Nanhu District	Jiaxing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clive Berghofer Stadium (officially known as Toowoomba Sports Ground and previously known as Athletic Oval) is a stadium in Toowoomba, Queensland.	Clive Berghofer Stadium	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torver is a hamlet and civil parish in the South Lakeland district of Cumbria 3 miles (4.8 km) south west of the village of Coniston and 1 mile (1.6 km) west of Coniston Water.	Torver	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filestan Rural District (Persian: دهستان فيلستان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Filestan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ethel Apartment House is a historic apartment building at 70 Patton Street in the North End of Springfield, Massachusetts.	Ethel Apartment House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTST (101.9 FM, ``101-9 The Twister'') is a country music station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..	KTST	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Laura Street Trio is a group of three historic buildings located on and near Laura Street in downtown Jacksonville, Florida.	Laura Street Trio	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Church of the Holy First Martyr Stephen (Serbian: Црква светог Првомученика Стефана), better known as the Lazarica Church (Црква Лазарица), is a Serbian Orthodox church in Kruševac, Serbia.	Lazarica Church	Kruševac
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burns Building is a historic six-story building located in downtown Calgary, Alberta.	Burns Building	Calgary
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carbide & Carbon Building is a Chicago landmark located at 230 North Michigan Avenue.	Carbide & Carbon Building	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sao Hin (Thai: เสาหิน) is a river village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Sariang District, in Mae Hong Son Province, Thailand.	Sao Hin	Mae Sariang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shipley Terrace, formerly known as Randle Heights, is a large residential neighborhood in Southeast Washington, D.C., bordering Prince George's County, Maryland.	Shipley Terrace	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domecko (dɔˈmɛt͡skɔ) (German Dometzko, 1936-45 Althaus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komprachcice, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Domecko	Gmina Komprachcice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle of Fiddes is a 16th-century tower house in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, located around 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) south-west of Stonehaven.	Castle of Fiddes	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbas Bazar (Persian: عباس بازار‎, also Romanized as ʿAbbās Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Abbas Bazar	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gansevoort Meatpacking NYC Hotel or Hotel Gansevoort is a luxury hotel located at 18 Ninth Avenue between Little West 12th Street and 13th Street in the Meatpacking District neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Hotel Gansevoort	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oakland Public School also known as the Holmes School in the South Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania was built in 1893 and expanded in 1899.	Oakland Public School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bzenice (Serbian: Бзенице) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac, Serbia.	Bzenice	Aleksandrovac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wellesbourne is home to Wellesbourne Church of England primary school.	Wellesbourne	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ravasjan (Persian: رواسجان‎, also Romanized as Ravāsjān) is a village in Azghan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ravasjan	Azghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hobson Lake is the uppermost lake on the Clearwater River in east-central British Columbia, Canada.	Hobson Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Street is a hamlet in the parish of Hanslope, in the Borough of Milton Keynes, ceremonial Buckinghamshire, England.	Long Street	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ravenscraig Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium, in Greenock, Inverclyde, Scotland.	Ravenscraig Stadium	Greenock
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fibiș (German: Fibisch; Hungarian: Temesfüves or Fibis) is a commune in Timiș County, Romania.	Fibiș	Timiș County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shulin District (Chinese: 樹林區; pinyin: Shùlín Qū; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Chhiū-nâ-chhī) is an inner city district in southwestern New Taipei City, Taiwan.	Shulin District	New Taipei City
located in the administrative territorial entity	1800 Club is a residential skyscraper in the Edgewater neighborhood of Miami, Florida, United States.	1800 Club	Miami
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Swithin, London Stone, was an Anglican Church in the City of London.	St Swithin, London Stone	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słowiki Stare (swɔˈviki ˈstarɛ) or Stare Słowiki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieciechów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Słowiki Stare	Gmina Sieciechów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gibbonsdown, colloquially known as 'Gibbo', is an area situated in the north east of Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales.	Gibbonsdown	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rowley Lodge Field is a Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation, Grade II, in Arkley in the London Borough of Barnet.	Rowley Lodge Field	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 23rd and 24th Streets Historic District is located in La Crosse, Wisconsin.	23rd and 24th Streets Historic District	La Crosse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ka Choun (Khmer: កាចូន) is a commune in Veun Sai District in northeast Cambodia.	Ka Choun	Veun Sai District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grassy Hill (Chinese: 草山; pinyin: Cao Shan) is the tenth highest hill in Hong Kong.	Grassy Hill	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riding Mountain Airport (TC LID: CRM2) is a small private airport located near the community of Riding Mountain, Manitoba, Canada.	Riding Mountain Airport	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake St. Catherine State Park is a 117-acre (0.5 km2) state park located in Poultney, Vermont, at Lake Saint Catherine.	Lake St. Catherine State Park	Poultney, Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghoghardiha is a city and a notified area in Madhubani district in the state of Bihar, India.	Ghoghardiha	Madhubani district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borzestowo (bɔʐɛsˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielno, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Borzestowo	Gmina Chmielno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silverton Wind Farm is a proposed wind farm to be built in far western New South Wales by renewable energy group Conergy.	Silverton Wind Farm	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cachambi is a middle-class and lower-middle-class neighborhood of the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Cachambi	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of the Image (MOTI), previously known as the Graphic Design Museum, is a national museum for visual culture in Breda in the Netherlands.	Museum of the Image	Breda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chester Springs Historic District, also known as The Old Art School, Orphan's School, Yellow Springs Spa, and Good News Buildings, is a national historic district located in West Pikeland Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Chester Springs Historic District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doboy railway station was a former railway station on QR Citytrain suburban network in Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia.	Doboy railway station	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuen Long Industrial Estate (元朗工業邨, branded as 元朗工業園) is an industrial estate in Yuen Long District, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Yuen Long Industrial Estate	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shipton Hall is a large Elizabethan country house in the village of Shipton, Shropshire, England, which lies in the Corvedale valley some 7 miles south-west of Much Wenlock.	Shipton Hall	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cesarka (t͡sɛˈsarka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Cesarka	Gmina Stryków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frink Park is a 17.2 acre (70,000 m²) park in the Leschi neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.	Frink Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gimborn Castle (German: Schloss Gimborn) is a former moated castle situated in a remote valley of the upper Leppe in the municipality of Marienheide in the Oberbergischer Kreis of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Gimborn Castle	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Banzai Pipeline, or simply ``Pipeline'' or ``Pipe,'' is a surf reef break located in Hawaii, off Ehukai Beach Park in Pupukea on O'ahu's North Shore.	Banzai Pipeline	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	General Zuazua Municipality is a municipality in the northeastern Mexican state of Nuevo León, it is located in the north-central part of the state, in the recently called peripheral region, because of its proximity to Monterrey metropolitan area.	General Zuazua	Nuevo León
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Thuringowa (19°18′26``S 146°43′54''E) was a city and local government area in North Queensland, Australia covering the northern and western parts of what is now Townsville.	City of Thuringowa	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talvat (Persian: طلوت‎, also Romanized as Ţalvat, Talūt, and Tolūt) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Talvat	Babol Kenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raleigh Springs Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving the city of Memphis, Tennessee, USA.	Raleigh Springs Mall	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valley Falls Mill is an historic textile mill complex on Broad Street in Central Falls, Rhode Island.	Valley Falls Mill	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chrząstów (ˈxʂɔ̃stuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielec, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Chrząstów	Gmina Mielec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Town East Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Mesquite, Texas, a suburb of Dallas.	Town East Mall	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhadrajun is a village in the Jalore district of the western part of Rajasthan, India, dating back to ancient times of the Mahabharata epic.	Bhadrajun	Jalore district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tripod Rock is glacial erratic or ``perched boulder'' located in Kinnelon, New Jersey in the Pyramid Mountain Natural Historical Area.	Tripod Rock	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boogakabad (Persian: بوگک‌آباد ‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Boogakabad	Ladiz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basin and Range National Monument is a national monument of the United States spanning approximately 704,000 acres of remote, undeveloped mountains and valleys in Lincoln and Nye counties in southeastern Nevada.	Basin and Range National Monument	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harbybrow is a small settlement in the parish of Allhallows, Cumbria.	Harbybrow	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meadowcreek High School is a secondary school in Norcross, Georgia, located outside of Atlanta and off I-85.	Meadowcreek High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khoshk Bur (Persian: خشكبور‎, also Romanized as Khoshk Būr; also known as Khoshkeh Būr) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District, Nashta District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khoshk Bur	Tameshkol Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Litenčice (German: Litentschitz) is a market town (městys) in Kroměříž District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic.	Litenčice	Kroměříž District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 102nd Street chemical landfill, is a former chemical landfill located on the Niagara River in Niagara Falls, New York.	102nd Street chemical landfill	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ha-Iltzuk Icefield is an icefield in the central Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia, Canada.	Ha-Iltzuk Icefield	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senerchia (Sinerchia in the local dialect) is an Italian municipality with 1370 registered voters, but only 1036 inhabitants, in the Province of Avellino, located in the upper valley of the Sele River in Campania.	Senerchia	Province of Avellino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koilwar (also spelt Koelwar) is a notified area in Bhojpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Koilwar	Bhojpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahabiyeh (Persian: شهابيه‎, also Romanized as Shahābīyeh) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District, Serishabad District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Shahabiyeh	Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabiczki (ɡraˈbit͡ʂki) (German: Geierseck) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Grabiczki	Gmina Grunwald
located in the administrative territorial entity	The province of Samothrace (Greek: Επαρχία Σαμοθράκης) was one of the provinces of the Evros Prefecture.	Samothrace	Evros Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moore-Webb-Holmes Plantation is a historic active plantation on Alabama State Route 14 near Marion, Perry County, Alabama.	Moore-Webb-Holmes Plantation	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khordzor (Armenian: Խորձոր; formerly, Bekh, Bek’dash, Baydash, Baykht’ash, and Bebdash) is a village in the rural community of Syunik, in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Khordzor	Syunik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Remington Stables is a historic stable building located at Ilion in Herkimer County, New York.	Remington Stables	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bronisławowo (brɔniswaˈvɔvɔ) (German: Schinkenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadlinki, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bronisławowo	Gmina Sadlinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green River State Park is a state park of Utah, USA, located in the town of Green River.	Green River State Park	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Channels Natural Area Preserve is a Natural Area Preserve located in Washington and Russell Counties, Virginia.	The Channels Natural Area Preserve	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Hill Heliport (FAA LID: 4OR2) is a private Heliport located 5 miles (8.0 km) south of Salem in Marion County, Oregon, USA.	South Hill Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dantkal is a village near Sirsi, Siddapura Taluk, North Kanara, State of Karnataka, India.	Dantkal	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nethy Bridge (Scottish Gaelic: Cinn Drochaid or Drochaid Neithich) is a small village in Strathspey in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Nethy Bridge	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielice (vjɛˈlit͡sɛ) (German: Ferdinandshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wielice	Gmina Lipiany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malladihalli is a village in the taluk of Holalkere in the Chitradurga district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Malladihalli	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pokośno (pɔˈkɔɕnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pokośno	Gmina Suchowola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mobarakin (Persian: مباركين‎, also Romanized as Mobārakīn) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District, Pish Khowr District, Famenin County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Mobarakin	Pish Khowr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House Range is a north-south trending mountain range in Millard County, of west-central Utah.	House Range	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqa Mir Ahmad (Persian: اقاميراحمد‎, also Romanized as Āqā Mīr Aḩmad) is a village in Dehrud Rural District, Eram District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Aqa Mir Ahmad	Dehrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Bernardo del Viento (Spanish pronunciation: (sam beɾˈnaɾðo ðel βjento)) is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.	San Bernardo del Viento	Córdoba Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birkholm is a small Danish island off the southern coast of Funen in Ærø Municipality.	Birkholm	Ærø Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Utansjö is a locality situated in Härnösand Municipality, Västernorrland County, Sweden with 209 inhabitants in 2010.	Utansjö	Härnösand Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarreh Dan (Persian: ترهدان‎, also Romanized as Tarreh Dān and Tareh Dān) is a village in Kuhmareh Rural District, Kuhmareh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tarreh Dan	Kuhmareh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Suncook Village Commercial-Civic Historic District encompasses the civic and commercial heart of Suncook, New Hampshire, a village on the Suncook River in Pembroke and Allenstown.	Suncook Village Commercial-Civic Historic District	Pembroke
located in the administrative territorial entity	WINV (1560 AM, ``Classic Hits the Fox'') was a radio station broadcasting a classic hits music format, simulcasting WXOF 96.3 FM Yankeetown, Florida.	WINV	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. George Regional Airport (IATA: SGU, ICAO: KSGU, FAA LID: SGU) is a city-owned, public-use airport located five nautical miles (5.8 miles; 9.3 km) southeast of the central business district of St. George, a city in Washington County, Utah, United States.	St. George Regional Airport	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lessing Field is a multi-purpose lacrosse and soccer stadium on the campus of Fairfield University in Fairfield, Connecticut.	Lessing Field	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czółnów (ˈt͡ʂuu̯nuf) (German: Zollen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Czółnów	Gmina Myślibórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bell Aliant Tower, formerly known as the Aliant Tower and older still, the NBTel Tower, is a 127 metre high tower of reinforced concrete located in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada.	Bell Aliant Tower	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Augustine Chapel and Cemetery is a historic church on Dorchester Street between West Sixth and Tudor Streets in the South Boston neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Saint Augustine Chapel and Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mah Neshan Rural District (Persian: دهستان ماه نشان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Mah Neshan Rural District	Zanjan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warren Z. Cole House, now known as Indenhofen Farm and also known as the Kidder-De Haven House, is a historic home located in Evansburg State Park at Skippack, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, USA.	Warren Z. Cole House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beetham is a village and civil parish in Cumbria, England, situated on the border with Lancashire.	Beetham	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melbourne Business School (MBS) is the graduate business school of the University of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Melbourne Business School	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	It lies in Stranda Municipality at the head of the Geirangerfjorden, which is a branch of the large Storfjorden.	Geiranger	Stranda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tullyton, also known as the Bolling-Stewart House, is a historic property located in Greenville County near Fountain Inn, South Carolina.	Tullyton	Greenville County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lee G. Simmons Conservation Park and Wildlife Safari is a drive-through park located in the Omaha area near the town of Ashland, Nebraska, United States.	Lee G. Simmons Conservation Park and Wildlife Safari	Ashland	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Abzar (Persian: درابزار‎, also Romanized as Dar Ābzār; also known as Darreh Afrāz) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dar Abzar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBIZ (1240 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Ottumwa, Iowa.	KBIZ	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Binauli (Hindi: बिनौली, Urdu: بنولي‎) is a small town in Baghpat district in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Binauli	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Khinu (Persian: ده خينو‎, also Romanized as Deh Khīnū) is a village in Balvard Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Khinu	Balvard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of the Memory of the City (Museo Memoria de la Ciudad) is located in the Viola House (Casa Viola), one of the nine buildings that make up the architectonic complex Manzana de la Rivera, in front the Government house, in Asunción, capital of Paraguay.	Museo Memoria de la Ciudad	Asunción
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridgman's View Tower is a proposed 66-story mixed use skyscraper in the Northern Liberties neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Bridgman's View Tower	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Khan Tang-e Sepu (Persian: محمدخان تنگ سپو‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Khān Tang-e Sepū; also known as Moḩammad) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mohammad Khan Tang-e Sepu	Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Les Houmets are to the east of Guernsey in the Channel Islands.	Houmets	Guernsey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qomrud (Persian: قمرود‎; also Romanized as Qomrūd and Qumrūd) is a village in and seat of Qomrud Rural District, in the Central District of Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Qomrud	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skidniów (ˈskidɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Skidniów	Gmina Kotla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aloe Ridge Game Reserve is a game reserve and conservation park in central Gauteng province in north-east South Africa, lying some 15 kilometres directly north-east of the Sterkfontein caves.	Aloe Ridge Game Reserve	Gauteng
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation (WHINSEC), formerly known as the US Army School of the Americas, is a United States Department of Defense Institute located at Fort Benning near Columbus, Georgia, that provides military training to government personnel in US-allied Latin American nations.	Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation	Columbus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salmon Bay is a portion of the Lake Washington Ship Canal--a canal which passes through the city of Seattle, linking Lake Washington to Puget Sound--that lies west of the Fremont Cut.	Salmon Bay	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gare du Champ de Mars (or Champ de Mars -- Tour Eiffel) is a railway station in Paris.	Gare du Champ de Mars	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLUX (branded as ``Good Company 89.5'') is a radio station serving the Corpus Christi area of Texas with a secular, light adult music format.	KLUX	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northeast Boundary is a small neighborhood located in northeast Washington, D.C. It is Eastern Avenue to the northeast, Southern Avenue to the southeast, Marvin Gaye Park to the southwest, 55th Street NE to the west.	Northeast Boundary	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wright Patman Lake is a reservoir in northeast Texas in the United States.	Wright Patman Lake	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teaticket School is a historic former school building at 340 Teaticket Hwy (Massachusetts Route 28 at Sandwich Road) in Falmouth, Massachusetts.	Teaticket School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczycionek (ʂt͡ʂɨˈt͡ɕɔnɛk) (German: Szczycionnek; 1938-45: Waldsee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szczycionek	Gmina Szczytno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mañaria (both in Basque and Spanish) is an elizate, town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country, Spain.	Mañaria	Biscay
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gloucester Township Public Schools is a community public school district serving students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Gloucester Township, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	Gloucester Township Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hsawlaw Township (Burmese: ဆော့လောမြို့နယ်) is a township of Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of Burma.	Hsawlaw Township	Myitkyina District
located in the administrative territorial entity	At the time of Washington, D.C.'s creation in 1791, the land beneath present-day Meridian Hill Park was owned by Robert Peter, wealthy Georgetown merchant, and was known as Peter's Hill.	Meridian Hill Park	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Niedrzwica (ˈnɔva ɲedʐˈvit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytoczna, within Międzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Nowa Niedrzwica	Gmina Przytoczna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Red Lake State Forest is a Minnesota state forest located primarily in Beltrami County, although portions extend into Koochiching County.	Red Lake State Forest	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Errepalli is a small village which is located in the district of Chittoor and Mandal of Irala in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Errepalli	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Sable Island, locally referred to as Cape Island, is a small Canadian island located at the southernmost point of the Nova Scotia peninsula.	Cape Sable Island	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRNO-FM (99.5 FM) is a news/talk formatted radio station servicing New Orleans, Louisiana.	WRNO-FM	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanönü, also Gökçeağaç, is a town and district of the Kastamonu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.	Hanönü	Kastamonu Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Advanced Technology College (ATC) is a four-year technical college located in Daytona Beach, Florida in the United States.	Advanced Technology College	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazanów (maˈzanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Mazanów	Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Euharlee Covered Bridge, also known as the Euharlee Creek Covered Bridge or rarely the Lowry Bridge, is a wooden Town lattice covered bridge crossing Euharlee Creek in Euharlee, Georgia, United States, a small town west of Cartersville.	Euharlee Covered Bridge	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Millicoma River is a coast stream, about 8.5 miles (13.7 km) long, east of Coos Bay in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Millicoma River	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Desert Studies Center is a field station of the California State University located in Zzyzx, California, United States in the Mojave Desert.	Desert Studies Center	Zzyzx
located in the administrative territorial entity	On 1 January 2013 the municipalities of Ramosch and Tschlin merged to form the new municipality of Valsot.	Ramosch	Valsot
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stampede Corral is an ice hockey, rodeo, and tennis arena multi-purpose venue in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Stampede Corral	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chrishall (pronounced Chris hall) is a small village in the English county of Essex.	Chrishall	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hotel Aragon was a six-story, 125-room hotel located 169 Peachtree Street NE, at the southeast corner of Ellis Street in Atlanta, in what is today the Peachtree Center area of downtown.	Hotel Aragon	Atlanta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bill Rice Ranch is a Christian Summer Camp in Murfreesboro Tennessee that was founded by Bill Rice to provide a place for preaching the gospel to teens, especially the deaf.	Bill Rice Ranch	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Misterbianco (Sicilian: Mustarjancu, Medieval Latin: Monasterium Album, meaning White Monastery or White Minster) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about 160 kilometres (99 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Catania.	Misterbianco	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Athol Murray College of Notre Dame is an independent, private, Catholic, coeducational school located in Wilcox, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Athol Murray College of Notre Dame	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jodanukar (Persian: جدانوكر‎, also Romanized as Jodānūkar; also known as Jodānokar) is a village in Divshal Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jodanukar	Divshal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Two Mile Square Reservation or Two Mile Square Reserve was a tract of land in Ohio ceded by Native Americans to the United States of America in the Treaty of Greenville in 1795.	Two Mile Square Reservation	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Passage Thiaffait is an urban area located on the slopes of La Croix-Rousse, in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon.	Passage Thiaffait	La Croix-Rousse	1st arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khan Hayati (Persian: خان حياطي‎, also Romanized as Khān Ḩayāţī) is a village in Chelevand Rural District, Lavandevil District, Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khan Hayati	Lavandevil District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tomoka River is a north-flowing river in Volusia County, Florida, United States.	Tomoka River	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gezir (Persian: گزير‎, also Romanized as Gezīr, Gazīr, and Gozir; also known as Gazīreh and Gezīreh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gezir	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lowlak-e Kaslian (Persian: لولاك كسليان‎, also Romanized as Lowlāk-e Kaslīān, Lūlak-e Keseleyān, and Lūlak-e Keselīān) is a village in Kaseliyan Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lowlak-e Kaslian	Kaseliyan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Machias Valley Airport (ICAO: KMVM, FAA LID: MVM) is a town owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) southwest of the central business district of Machias, a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.	Machias Valley Airport	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dustkuh (Persian: دوستكوه‎, also Romanized as Dūstkūh; also known as Dūstkadeh and Dūstkū) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dustkuh	Reza Mahalleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	El M'Ghair District (also written El Meghaier District) is a district of El Oued Province, Algeria.	El M'Ghair District	El Oued Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buena Vista Park Historic District in Tulsa, Oklahoma is a 5-acre (2.0 ha) historic district that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2007.	Buena Vista Park Historic District	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brunssum (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈbrʏnsʏm); Limburgish: Broensem) is a municipality and a town in the province of Limburg in the Netherlands.	Brunssum	Limburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Barik-e Bala (Persian: اب باريك بالا‎, also Romanized as Āb Bārīk-e Bālā; also known as Āb Bārīk) is a village in Bajestan Rural District, in the Central District of Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ab Barik-e Bala	Bajestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The municipality of Au in der Hallertau is located in the north of the district of Freising and in the southern part of the Hallertau, in Bavaria, Germany.	Au in der Hallertau	Freising
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aldesago is a village on the western slopes of the mountain of Monte Brè, in the Swiss canton of Ticino.	Aldesago	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamaz Deh (Persian: چمازده‎, also Romanized as Chamāz Deh) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District, Hezarjarib District, Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chamaz Deh	Zarem Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terrasses de la Chaudière is a complex of government office buildings in Gatineau, Quebec, Canada.	Terrasses de la Chaudière	Gatineau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Macquarie University railway station is located on the Chatswood to Epping line, serving the Sydney suburb of Macquarie Park including the nearby Macquarie University and Macquarie Centre.	Macquarie University railway station	Macquarie Park
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rural Special High School is a comprehensive public high school based in the rural, fringe community of Fox, Arkansas, United States.	Rural Special High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petersfield is a market town and civil parish in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England.	Petersfield	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowichan Indian Reserve No. 1 is an Indian reserve in British Columbia, located south of the City of Duncan.	Cowichan Indian Reserve No. 1	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knoxville Center, formerly East Towne Mall; located in Knoxville, Tennessee, is a super-regional shopping mall serving the Knoxville metropolitan area.	Knoxville Center	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kincaid and Arnett Feed and Flour Building is a historic warehouse building located at Morgantown, Monongalia County, West Virginia.	Kincaid and Arnett Feed and Flour Building	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winton Woods City School District is a city school district in northern Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.	Winton Woods City School District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milborne Port is a village, electoral ward and civil parish in Somerset, England, east of Sherborne, and in the South Somerset district.	Milborne Port	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowruzi Mosaic Blocks (Persian: بلوك وموزاييك سازي نوروزي‎ -- Balūḵ va Mūzāīyīḵ Sāzī Bowrūzī) is a village and company town in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nowruzi Mosaic Blocks	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santana do Paraíso is a Brazilian municipality situated in the state of Minas Gerais which was founded in 1992.	Santana do Paraíso	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRZZ is a Classic rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Parkersburg, West Virginia, United States, serving the Parkersburg/Marietta area.	WRZZ	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minnedosa Lake is a man-made lake in the Canadian province of Manitoba near Minnedosa, Manitoba.	Minnedosa Lake	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurdigol (Persian: گورديگل‎, also Romanized as Gūrdīgol; also known as Gūrdīgol-e ``Olyā) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 267, in 65 families.	Gurdigol	Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zapato Chino Creek formerly known both as Arroyo de Las Polvarduras (Creek of the Dust Clouds) and Arroyo de Zapata Chino (Chinese Shoe Creek), is a creek in Fresno County, California.	Zapato Chino Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Chicago School District 187 is an Illinois school district in the Lake County city of North Chicago.	North Chicago School District 187	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vila Olímpica Elzir Cabral, also known as Fortim do Ferrão (Ferrão's Fort) or just Elzir Cabral, is a multi-use stadium located in Fortaleza, Brazil.	Vila Olímpica Elzir Cabral	Fortaleza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located near Springerville, Arizona, Becker Lake is part of the 622-acre (252 ha) Becker Lake Wildlife Area.	Becker Lake	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vinderup is a railway town in Northwestern Jutland, Holstebro Municipality, Denmark at the railway between Holstebro and Skive.	Vinderup	Holstebro Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amol County (Persian: شهرستان آمل‎‎) is a county in Mazandaran Province in Iran.	Amol County	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doane Rock is a glacial erratic located in Eastham, Massachusetts on the grounds of the Cape Cod National Seashore.	Doane Rock	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gownd (Persian: گوند‎, also Romanized as Jownd) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gownd	Neh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuthpady is a village in the Udupi District in the state of Karnataka on the west coast of India.	Kuthpady	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canada Games Complex was constructed in 1981 to host the aquatic events of the 1981 Canada Summer Games in Thunder Bay, Ontario.	Canada Games Complex	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andrés Ibáñez Province is one of the fifteen provinces of the Bolivian Santa Cruz Department, situated in the western part of the department.	Andrés Ibáñez Province	Santa Cruz Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Savage Mill is a historic cotton mill complex in Savage, Maryland, which has been turned into a complex of shops and restaurants.	Savage Mill	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panistruga (panisˈtruɡa) (German: Panistrugga; 1927-1945: Herrnbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Panistruga	Gmina Stare Juchy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western Springs Water Tower is a museum and former water tower in Western Springs, Illinois.	Western Springs Water Tower	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbia National Forest was established in Washington by the U.S. Forest Service on July 1, 1908 when it was established from part of Rainier National Forest with 941,440 acres (3,809.9 km2).	Columbia National Forest	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hornostaje (xɔrnɔsˈtajɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Hornostaje	Gmina Mońki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Four Seasons Arena is a multi-purpose indoor sports and exhibition arena located in the city of Great Falls, Montana, in the United States.	Four Seasons Arena	Great Falls
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Perkins Buildings are a group of three historic industrial buildings located at 85 Sprague Street, 101 and 102 Westfield Street in Providence, Rhode Island.	Perkins Buildings	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Mieczysławska (ˈvulka mjɛt͡ʂɨˈswafska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Firlej, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Mieczysławska	Gmina Firlej
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brookside Stadium is a natural amphitheatre stadium located in Cleveland, Ohio used for baseball, softball and American football and was the home of World Amateur Championship games in the early 20th century.	Brookside Stadium	Cleveland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaminaria (Greek: Kαμινάρια) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 2 km south of Treis Elies.	Kaminaria	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cooee Bay is a seaside community on the tropical Central Queensland coast.	Cooee Bay	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Segerstrom Center for the Arts, originally called Orange County Performing Arts Center, is a performing arts complex located in Costa Mesa, California, United States, which opened in 1986.	Segerstrom Center for the Arts	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Institut Tessin, also known as the Centre Culturel Suédois, is a museum in Paris dedicated to the history of Franco-Swedish artistic exchanges.	Institut Tessin	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oormelalagiyan (also transliterated as Oormenialagiyan, Urmenialagiyan, Urmelalagiyan, and Oormelalagian) is a village in Tamil Nadu, India.	Oormelalagiyan	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Błażejewko (bwaʐɛˈjɛfkɔ) (German: Weißensee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kórnik, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Błażejewko	Gmina Kórnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shangqiu (Chinese: 商丘), formerly romanized as Shangkiu, is a city in eastern Henan province, Central China.	Shangqiu	Henan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 10 Park Street, also known as the E.M. Clark House, is a historic house at 10 Park Street in Methuen, Massachusetts.	House at 10 Park Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hat Ngio (Thai: หาดงิ้ว) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Uttaradit District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Hat Ngio	Mueang Uttaradit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gonbad Heq (Persian: گنبدحق‎, also Romanized as Gonbad Jeq and Gonbadjoq) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gonbad Heq	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joel Lane House, also known as Wakefield, was built in 1769, is a historic restored home and museum located in Raleigh, North Carolina.	Joel Lane House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mosman House at 324 E. Oak St. in Fort Collins, Colorado was designed by architect Montezuma Fuller and was built in 1892 or 1893.	Mosman House	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kensington mine is a gold mine located 45 mi (72 km) north of Juneau, Alaska.	Kensington mine	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Americas Society is an organization dedicated to education, debate, and dialogue on the Americas and is located at 680 Park Avenue on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.	Americas Society	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orkan-e Kord (Persian: اوركن كرد‎, also Romanized as Orkān-e Kord; also known as Orgān-e Kord) is a village in Khandan Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Orkan-e Kord	Khandan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daryanil (Persian: دريانيل‎, also Romanized as Daryānīl) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Daryanil	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Humana Building, also known as the Humana Tower, is a 1985 skyscraper in downtown Louisville, Kentucky, located at 500 West Main Street and headquarters of the Humana Corporation.	Humana Building	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bashari (Persian: بشري‎, also Romanized as Basharī) is a village in Shirkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Bashari	Shirkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Martí de Maçana, or simply Maçana, it is a core of the population situated in the municipality of Rubió, to the comarca of the Anoia, Catalonia, considered as a entity of population (Code 081859).	Sant Martí de Maçana	Catalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Tork-e Sofla (Persian: قلعه ترك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Tork-e Soflá) is a village in Harasam Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 133, in 29 families.	Qaleh Tork-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lublica (luˈblit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczyce, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Lublica	Gmina Kołaczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boynitsa Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Бойница) is a small frontier municipality (obshtina) in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the Danubian Plain about 20 km southwest of Danube river.	Boynitsa Municipality	Vidin Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hadrian's Villa (Villa Adriana in Italian) is a large Roman archaeological complex at Tivoli, Italy.	Hadrian's Villa	Tivoli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sawyers Bar Catholic Church (St. Joseph's Catholic Church) is a historic church building in Klamath National Forest in Sawyers Bar, California.	Sawyers Bar Catholic Church	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amos Alonzo Stagg Memorial Stadium, previously known as Pacific Memorial Stadium, was a 28,000 seat, outdoor multi-purpose stadium on the campus of the University of the Pacific in Stockton, California.	Stagg Memorial Stadium	Stockton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajalvir (Spanish pronunciation: (axalˈβir)) is a town and municipality in the Autonomous Community of Madrid in central Spain, located 26 kilometres (16 mi) north-east of Madrid and 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) from Alcalá de Henares.	Ajalvir	Community of Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masłów Drugi (ˈmaswuf ˈdruɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Masłów Drugi	Gmina Masłów
manufacturer	The Kyarra was built at Dumbarton by William Denny and Brothers, and launched on 2 February 1903 on the River Clyde, Scotland.	Kyarra	William Denny and Brothers
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi FTO, is a front engined, front-wheel drive coupe produced by Mitsubishi Motors between 1994 and 2000.	Mitsubishi FTO	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution, also known as the Lancer Evo, Lan Evo, or just Evo, is a high performance sports sedan manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors that is based on the normal Lancer.	Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	German submarine U-339 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 7 July 1941 at the Nordseewerke yard at Emden as yard number 211, launched on 30 June 1942 and commissioned on 25 August under the command of Kapitänleutnant Georg-Wilhelm Basse.	German submarine U-339	Nordseewerke
manufacturer	Based on the Concordia class design, Costa Fascinosa was constructed by Fincantieri's Marghera shipyard in Venice.	Costa Fascinosa	Fincantieri
manufacturer	Ariane 5 is operated and marketed by Arianespace as part of the Ariane programme.	Ariane 5	Arianespace
manufacturer	HMS Kirkliston (M1157) was a Ton-class minesweeper of the Royal Navy, built by Harland and Wolff and launched on 18 February 1954.	HMS Kirkliston (M1157)	Harland and Wolff
manufacturer	The .700 Nitro Express (17.8×89mmR) is a big game rifle cartridge made by Holland & Holland, London, England.	.700 Nitro Express	Holland & Holland
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Minica is a kei car produced by Mitsubishi Motors for the Japanese domestic market since October 1962.	Mitsubishi Minica	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	Agni-V is an intercontinental ballistic missile developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) of India.	Agni-V	Defence Research and Development Organisation
manufacturer	The British Rail Class 15 diesel locomotives, also known as the BTH Type 1, were designed by British Thomson-Houston, and built by the Yorkshire Engine Company and the Clayton Equipment Company, between 1957 and 1961.	British Rail Class 15	British Thomson-Houston	Yorkshire Engine Company	Clayton Equipment Company
member of political party	Vaijnath Shinde is an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress and currently a Member of Legislative Assembly (MLA) in the Maharashtra.	Vaijnath Shinde	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Zhao Hongzhu (Chinese: 赵洪祝; born July 1947) is a Chinese politician and a member of the Communist Party of China's national leadership.	Zhao Hongzhu	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Shreegopal Vyas (born 15 February 1932) is an Indian politician of the Bharatiya Janata Party and a member of the Parliament of India representing Chhattisgarh in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament.	Shreegopal Vyas	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Sir Waldron Smithers (5 October 1880 -- 9 December 1954) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.	Waldron Smithers	Conservative Party
member of political party	Brigadier-General Howard Clifton Brown (3 April 1868 -- 11 September 1946) was a British army officer and Conservative Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Newbury.	Howard Clifton Brown	Conservative Party
member of political party	František Knapík (born 17 October 1956 in Ľubotín) was the mayor of the Slovak city of Košice until December 2010, and a member of the Christian Democratic Movement (KDH).	František Knapík	Christian Democratic Movement
member of political party	George Hewison (born 1944) is a folk singer, trade unionist, and formerly a long-time member of the Communist Party of Canada and was briefly its general secretary from 1988 until 1992.	George Hewison	Communist Party of Canada
member of political party	Troy Singleton (born June 30, 1973) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly, representing the 7th Legislative District since November 21, 2011, when he was sworn in to fill the unexpired term of Jack Conners.	Troy Singleton	Democratic Party
member of political party	David Campbell Bannerman MEP (born 28 May 1960 in Bombay) is a Member of the European Parliament for East of England for the Conservative Party, having sat for the UK Independence Party until 24 May 2011.	David Campbell Bannerman	Conservative Party	UK Independence Party
member of political party	Christian Broda (born 12 March 1916 in Vienna, died 1 February 1987 in Vienna) was an Austrian lawyer and politician of the Social Democratic Party of Austria.	Christian Broda	Social Democratic Party of Austria
member of political party	Henry Traphagen (June 1, 1842 - October 11, 1918) was a lawyer and the Mayor of Jersey City, New Jersey for the Democratic Party from May 4, 1874 to April 30, 1876.	Henry Traphagen	Democratic Party
member of political party	John Christian Elden (born 2 July 1967) is a Norwegian barrister and politician for the Conservative Party.	John Christian Elden	Conservative Party
member of political party	William Dean Howe (12 January 1916 -- 24 June 1982) was a New Democratic Party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	William Dean Howe	New Democratic Party
member of political party	Cheam Channy (born 15 February 1961) is a Cambodian politician and member of parliament for the opposition Sam Rainsy Party (SRP).	Cheam Channy	Sam Rainsy Party
member of political party	Wu Nai-ren (Chinese: 吳乃仁; pinyin: Wú Nǎirén) is a Taiwanese politician of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP).	Wu Nai-ren	Democratic Progressive Party
member of political party	Bimal Gurung was formerly a Gorkha Volunteers Corps member who fought for the creation of a Gorkhaland state in India during 1986-1988 under the Gorkha National Liberation Front (GNLF).	Bimal Gurung	Gorkha National Liberation Front
member of political party	Christian Gottfried Albert Traeger (12 June 1830 in Augsburg, Germany -- 26 March 1912 in Charlottenburg) was a German privy councillor and parliamentarian of the Progressive People's Party.	Albert Traeger	Progressive People's Party
member of political party	Anantrao Patil worked as Chief Editor of the Indian National Congress Party Journal in Pune.	Anantrao Patil	Indian National Congress
member of political party	William Douglas Workman, Jr., known as W. D. Workman, Jr. (August 10, 1914 - November 23, 1990), was a journalist, author, and a pioneer in the development of the 20th century South Carolina Republican Party.	W. D. Workman, Jr.	Republican Party
member of political party	Netzahualcóyotl de la Vega García (8 January 1939 -- 6 September 2004) was a Mexican trade union leader and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	Netzahualcóyotl de la Vega	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Rolando Bojórquez Gutiérrez (12 August 1967 -- 8 March 2013) was a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	Rolando Bojórquez Gutiérrez	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Dr. Imre Pesti (born September 16, 1952) is a Hungarian physician and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz Budapest Regional List from 2006 to 2014, and his party's national list since 2014.	Imre Pesti	Fidesz
member of political party	Leif Castberg (23 April 1876 -- 3 March 1950) was a Norwegian lawyer and politician for the Radical People's Party and the Conservative Party.	Leif Castberg	Conservative Party
member of political party	Raja Nareshchandra Singh (21 November 1908 -- 11 September 1987), was ruler of Sarangarh Princely State in Raigarh District, Chhattisgarh, an Indian National Congress politician, and a Chief Minister of undivided Madhya Pradesh.	Nareshchandra Singh	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Ding Weifen (Chinese: 丁惟汾; pinyin: Ding Weifen; 1874-12 May 1954) was a founding father of the Kuomintang.	Ding Weifen	Kuomintang
member of political party	Johanna Wanka (née Johanna Müller; born 1 April 1951) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and since 14 February 2013 the Federal Minister for Education and Research.	Johanna Wanka	Christian Democratic Union
member of political party	Wang Huning (simplified Chinese: 王沪宁; traditional Chinese: 王滬寧; pinyin: Wáng Hùníng; born October 6, 1955) is Chinese political theorist and one of the top leaders of the Communist Party of China, and a current member of the party's Politburo.	Wang Huning	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Hikmat Sulayman (1889 -- 16 June 1964) (Arabic: حكمت سليمان‎) was prime minister of Iraq from October 30, 1936 to August 12, 1937 at the head of a Party of National Brotherhood government.	Hikmat Sulayman	Party of National Brotherhood
member of political party	Charles Taylor Manatt (June 9, 1936 -- July 22, 2011) was a U.S. Democratic Party political figure.	Charles Taylor Manatt	Democratic Party
member of political party	Angela Maraventano (born on September 14, 1964 in San Benedetto del Tronto) is an Italian politician, senator of Northern League elected in Emilia-Romagna during the election of 2008.	Angela Maraventano	Northern League
member of political party	Hrant Markarian (Armenian: Հրանտ Մարգարյան; born 1958) is an Armenian politician and current head of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation party as chairperson of its top executive body, the Bureau.	Hrant Markarian	Armenian Revolutionary Federation
member of political party	Pamela Rosen Lampitt (born December 19, 1960, Natick, Massachusetts) is an American Democratic Party politician, who serves in the New Jersey General Assembly, where she represents the 6th legislative district, having taken office on January 10, 2006.	Pamela Rosen Lampitt	Democratic Party
member of political party	Sir John Owen, 1st Baronet (1776 -- 6 February 1861), born John Lord, was a British Tory, later Conservative Party, politician from Wales who was a Member of Parliament (MP) for over fifty years.	Sir John Owen, 1st Baronet	Conservative Party
member of political party	Miron Constantinescu (13 December 1917 -- 18 July 1974) was a Romanian communist politician, a leading member of the Romanian Communist Party (PCR, known as PMR for a period of his lifetime), as well as a Marxist sociologist, historian, academic, and journalist.	Miron Constantinescu	Romanian Communist Party
member of political party	Herbert Tenzer (November 1, 1905 -- March 24, 1993) was an American Democratic Party politician, who served two terms in the United States House of Representatives.	Herbert Tenzer	Democratic Party
member of political party	Mir Akbar Khyber (sometimes spelled Khaibar) (1925 -- April 17, 1978) was an Afghan intellectual and a leader of the Parcham faction of People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan (PDPA).	Mir Akbar Khyber	People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan
member of political party	Jonathan Toby Harris, Baron Harris of Haringey (born 11 October 1953) is a Labour Party politician in the House of Lords.	Toby Harris, Baron Harris of Haringey	Labour Party
member of political party	Arturo de la Garza González (1 August 1936 -- 28 January 2011) was a Mexican politician and businessman from the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	Arturo de la Garza González	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Wojciech Wierzejski (pronounced (ˈvɔjt͡ɕɛx vʲɛˈʐɛjskʲi), born on 6 September 1976 in Biała Podlaska) is a Polish politician and former Member of the European Parliament for Warsaw with the League of Polish Families, part of the Independence and Democracy group, and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on Constitutional Affairs.	Wojciech Wierzejski	League of Polish Families
member of political party	William Stratford Dugdale DL (1 April 1800 -- 15 September 1871) was a British Tory (and later Conservative Party) politician.	William Stratford Dugdale	Conservative Party
member of political party	Edward Brodie Hoare (30 October 1841 - 12 August 1911) was a British banker and Conservative Party politician.	Edward Brodie Hoare	Conservative Party
member of political party	Willem Doman (born 1950) is a former South African politician, having served as the Shadow Minister of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs, and a Member of Parliament for the opposition Democratic Alliance.	Willem Doman	Democratic Alliance
member of political party	Anna Dora Gaitskell, Baroness Gaitskell (née Creditor; 25 April 1901 -- 1 July 1989) was a British Labour Party politician and wife of Hugh Gaitskell, leader of the Labour Party 1955--63.	Dora Gaitskell, Baroness Gaitskell	Labour Party
member of political party	Jennifer Hilton, Baroness Hilton of Eggardon QPM, (born 12 January 1936) is a British Labour Party politician and former police officer with the Metropolitan Police.	Jennifer Hilton, Baroness Hilton of Eggardon	Labour Party
member of political party	Michael Creed (born 29 June 1963) is an Irish Fine Gael politician and has been a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork North--	Michael Creed	Fine Gael
member of political party	Sir Claud Alexander, 1st Baronet (15 January 1831 -- 23 May 1899) was a Scottish Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1874 to 1885.	Claud Alexander	Conservative Party
member of political party	Agung Laksono (born March 23, 1949 in Semarang, Central Java) is an Indonesian politician and former Coordinating Minister for People's Welfare in the Second United Indonesia Cabinet and a member of the Golkar Party.	Agung Laksono	Golkar
member of political party	Sven Bergström (born 1951) is a Swedish Centre Party politician, member of the Riksdag since 1997.	Sven Bergström	Centre Party
member of political party	Geir Jørgen Bekkevold (born 19 November 1963) is a Norwegian priest and politician for the Christian Democratic Party.	Geir Jørgen Bekkevold	Christian Democratic Party
member of political party	Lykke Friis (born 27 October 1969) is a Danish politician for the party Venstre and former Minister for Climate and Energy and equal rights.	Lykke Friis	Venstre
member of political party	Sir Isidore Salmon CBE DL JP (10 February 1876 -- 16 September 1941) was a British businessman and Conservative Party politician.	Isidore Salmon	Conservative Party
member of political party	William J. Bate (April 10, 1934 -- January 29, 2011) was an American Democratic Party politician who served as a state senator, assemblyman, and judge.	William J. Bate	Democratic Party
member of political party	Petrie Bowen Wells (born 4 August 1935), known as Bowen Wells, is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.	Bowen Wells	Conservative Party
member of political party	Ilias Panagiotaros (Greek: Ηλίας Παναγιώταρος; born 1973) is a Greek far-right politician and member of the Hellenic Parliament since 2012 with the party of Golden Dawn.	Ilias Panagiotaros	Golden Dawn
member of political party	Manda Jagannadham was elected in 2004 from Nagarkurnool constituency on a Telugu Desam Party ticket but he switched to the Indian National Congress party during the No Confidence Motion.	Manda Jagannadham	Telugu Desam Party	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Ned O'Sullivan (born 25 November 1950) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and member of Seanad Éireann on the Labour Panel.	Ned O'Sullivan	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Bonily Khongmen (25 June 1912 -- 17 March 2007) was an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress party.	Bonily Khongmen	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Antonio Masip Hidalgo (born May 3, 1946 in Oviedo) is a Spanish politician, lawyer and a Member of the European Parliament for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, part of the Socialist Group.	Antonio Masip Hidalgo	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Paul Wessel (b. 9 April 1904 in Plauen; d. 20 January 1967 in Berlin) was a member of the small secretariat of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany, the communist party of the former German Democratic Republic.	Paul Wessel	Socialist Unity Party of Germany
member of political party	Diepreye Alamieyeseigha was elected as Governor of Bayelsa State in May 1999 as a member of the ruling People's Democratic Party (PDP).	Diepreye Alamieyeseigha	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Syed Shah Mardan Shah-II widely known as Pir Pagara (Urdu: پیر پگارا‎, Sindhi: پير پاڳارو‎; 22 November 1928 -- 10 January 2012) was the spiritual leader of Hurs and president of political party Pakistan Muslim League (F).	Syed Shah Mardan Shah-II	Pakistan Muslim League
member of political party	Françoise David, CQ (born January 13, 1948) is a spokesperson of Québec solidaire -- a left-wing, feminist and sovereigntist political party in the province of Quebec, Canada.	Françoise David	Québec solidaire
member of political party	Jennifer McCann MLA (born 1 March 1960) is an Irish republican politician in Northern Ireland, who was elected in 2007 to the Northern Ireland Assembly as a Sinn Féin member for Belfast West.	Jennifer McCann	Sinn Féin
member of political party	Ertuğrul Kürkçü (born 5 May 1948) is a Turkish politician, socialist activist and the current Honorary President of the Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) as of 22 June 2014.	Ertuğrul Kürkçü	Peoples' Democratic Party
member of political party	Robert Sturdy (born 22 June 1944, in Wetherby, West Riding of Yorkshire) is a British politician, and former Member of the European Parliament for the East of England constituency for the Conservative Party.	Robert Sturdy	Conservative Party
member of political party	Mario Moya Palencia (14 June 1933 -- 9 October 2006) was a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).	Mario Moya Palencia	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of sports team	Dmytro Zaderetskyi (Ukrainian: Дмитро Вадимович Задерецький; born 3 August 1994 in Chernihiv, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for the Ukrainian First League club FC Desna Chernihiv.	Dmytro Zaderetskyi	FC Desna Chernihiv
member of sports team	Christine Walters (born 17 June 1991) is an Australian football (soccer) player, who played for Canberra United FC in the Australian W-League.	Christine Walters	Canberra United FC
member of sports team	Akinsola Akinyemi (born 12 July 1993) is a Norwegian footballer who is playing as a defender for Grorud IL.	Akinsola Akinyemi	Grorud IL
member of sports team	Alessandro Salvatore Perez (born March 31, 1987) is an American-born Puerto Rican footballer who last played for the Baton Rouge Capitals of the USL Premier Development League.	Alessandro Salvatore	Baton Rouge Capitals
member of sports team	Francis Lemieux (born February 22, 1984 in Sherbrooke, Quebec) is a professional ice hockey centre, who has played 249 regular-season games in the American Hockey League for the Hamilton Bulldogs and Grand Rapids Griffins.	Francis Lemieux	Hamilton Bulldogs
member of sports team	Jesús Morales (born December 18, 1985 in Uruapan) is a Mexican professional footballer, currently playing as a striker for C.F. La Piedad, wearing jersey #25.	Jesús Morales	C.F. La Piedad
member of sports team	Beiker Graterol (born November 9, 1974) is a former Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher who pitched in one game for the Detroit Tigers in 1999.	Beiker Graterol	Detroit Tigers
member of sports team	Jack Gale (28 August 1899 - 5 April 1975) was an Australian rules footballer who played three games in the VFL for Richmond Football Club in 1924.	Jack Gale	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Roger Vick (born August 11, 1964 in Conroe, Texas) is a former professional American football running back/fullback in the NFL for the New York Jets and Philadelphia Eagles from 1987 to 1990.	Roger Vick	New York Jets	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Johannes Madsen is a Danish footballer who plays as a left winger for Fremad Amager in the Danish Second Division.	Johannes Madsen	Fremad Amager
member of sports team	Zevon Archibald is a footballer from Saint Kitts and Nevis, who has played for Newtown United FC since 2011.	Zevon Archibald	Newtown United FC
member of sports team	Kim Byeom-yong (김범용; born 29 July 1990 in South Korea) is a Korean footballer who since 2013 has played midfielder for Sanfrecce Hiroshima in the J. League Division 1.	Kim Byeom-yong	Sanfrecce Hiroshima
member of sports team	Marius Kazlauskas (born 1 May 1984, in Gargždai, Lithuania, is a Lithuanian football defender who currently plays for FK Atlantas.	Marius Kazlauskas	FK Atlantas
member of sports team	William Harry Spilman (born July 18, 1954 in Albany, Georgia) is a retired Major League Baseball first baseman for the Cincinnati Reds (1978--81), Houston Astros (1981--85 and 1988--89), Detroit Tigers (1986), and San Francisco Giants (1986--88).	Harry Spilman	Cincinnati Reds	Houston Astros	Detroit Tigers	San Francisco Giants
member of sports team	Geroy Simon (born September 11, 1975) is a retired professional Canadian football slotback who played 15 seasons in the Canadian Football League, twelve of them with the BC Lions.	Geroy Simon	BC Lions
member of sports team	Jeff LoVecchio (born August 26, 1985) is an American professional ice hockey Left Wing who is currently playing for of the Nippon Paper Cranes of the Asia League Ice Hockey (ALIH).	Jeff LoVecchio	Nippon Paper Cranes
member of sports team	Álex Mumbrú Murcia (born June 12, 1979), is a Spanish professional basketball player who plays for Bilbao Basket.	Álex Mumbrú	Bilbao Basket
member of sports team	Ngweni Ndassi Kadiang (born 12 July 1996) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Njala Quan Sports Academy in Cameroon, as a defender.	Ngweni Ndassi	Njala Quan Sports Academy
member of sports team	Rodolphe Hiden (9 March 1909 -- 11 September 1973) was an Austrian-French footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Grazer AK, Wiener AC and RC Paris.	Rodolphe Hiden	Wiener AC
member of sports team	Haydar Hassan Haj Al-Sidig known as Ali Gagarin (born in Omdurman) is a former Sudanese footballer who played with Al-Hilal Club.	Ali Gagarin	Al-Hilal Club
member of sports team	Mahmoud Dashti is a football player playing for Al-Arabi SC in the VIVA Premier League and Kuwait national football team playing as a Winger and a Striker	Mahmoud Dashti	Al-Arabi SC
member of sports team	Eyal Almoshnino (Hebrew: אייל אלמושנינו‎; born April 10, 1976) is an Israeli footballer who played for Ironi Ashdod, F.C. Ashdod, Maccabi Haifa, Hapoel Bnei Lod, Maccabi Be'er Sheva and Maccabi Kiryat Malakhi.	Eyal Almoshnino	F.C. Ashdod
member of sports team	Jevohn Shepherd (born April 8, 1986) is a Canadian professional basketball player for Victoria Libertas Pesaro of the Italian Serie A.	Jevohn Shepherd	Victoria Libertas Pesaro
member of sports team	Everett McIver (born August 5, 1970 in Cumberland County, North Carolina) is a former American football offensive guard in the National Football League that played for the New York Jets, Miami Dolphins and Dallas Cowboys.	Everett McIver	New York Jets	Miami Dolphins	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Mārtiņš Porejs (born July 6, 1991 in Riga) is a Latvian ice hockey player, currently playing for Dinamo Riga of Kontinental Hockey League.	Mārtiņš Porejs	Dinamo Riga
member of sports team	Glensworth Elizee (born 9 November 1989) is an international footballer from Dominica, who plays as a midfielder for Portsmouth Bombers and the Dominica national football team.	Glensworth Elizee	Dominica national football team
member of sports team	Reggie Berg (born September 18, 1976) is a retired American professional ice hockey player who played for the Florida Everblades of the ECHL.	Reggie Berg	Florida Everblades
member of sports team	Born in Portuguese Mozambique, Jorge Calado is a youth product from S.L. Benfica.	Jorge Calado	S.L. Benfica
member of sports team	Carlos Carmona Bonet (born 5 July 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Sporting de Gijón as a right winger or attacking midfielder.	Carlos Carmona Bonet	Sporting de Gijón
member of sports team	Aline Pellegrino (born June 7, 1982), commonly known as Aline, is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a defender for Russian club WFC Rossiyanka and several clubs in her native Brazil.	Aline Pellegrino	WFC Rossiyanka
member of sports team	Bobby Goepfert (born May 9, 1983) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for the Düsseldorfer EG in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Bobby Goepfert	Düsseldorfer EG
member of sports team	During the 1962 season, New York Mets center fielder Richie Ashburn and Elio Chacón found themselves colliding in the outfield.	Elio Chacón	New York Mets
member of sports team	Anton Lutsyk (Ukrainian: Антон Васильович Луцик; born 25 March 1987 in Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Ukrainian First League club FC Lviv.	Anton Lutsyk	FC Lviv
member of sports team	Antoine Philippon (born 10 October 1989) is a French footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Ligue 2 side CA Bastia.	Antoine Philippon	CA Bastia
member of sports team	Oleh Holodyuk (born 2 January 1988 in Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Karpaty Lviv.	Oleh Holodyuk	FC Karpaty Lviv
member of sports team	Mohammed Faouzi (born 3 September 1987, Gouda) is a Dutch footballer of Moroccan descent, who currently plays for VV Noordwijk.	Mohammed Faouzi	VV Noordwijk
member of sports team	Mike Siani (born May 27, 1950) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for nine seasons for the Oakland Raiders and Baltimore Colts.	Mike Siani	Oakland Raiders	Baltimore Colts
member of sports team	Umapati Kumar is best remembered for his long and cherished career with Mohun Bagan A.C..	Umapati Kumar	Mohun Bagan A.C.
member of sports team	Kağan Söylemezgiller (born 4 March 1988) is a Turkish footballer attacking midfielder for Swiss Challenge League club FC Wil 1900.	Kağan Söylemezgiller	FC Wil 1900
member of sports team	Sylvain Houles born in France is a rugby league player for Toulouse Olympique in the Co-operative Championship.	Sylvain Houles	Toulouse Olympique
member of sports team	Rodrigo Rodrigues Ribeiro (born 18 July 1978 in Itaboraí, Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Luxembourg club FC Jeunesse Canach as a central defender.	Rodrigo Rodrigues Ribeiro	FC Jeunesse Canach
member of sports team	In July 2015 Lalchhawnkima was drafted to play for Atlético de Kolkata in the 2015 Indian Super League.In pre season in Spain it was reported that Lalchhawnkima had contracted a hamstring injury, which sidelined him the whole 2015 ISL season.	Lalchhawnkima	Atlético de Kolkata
member of sports team	Mustapha Anane (1950, Larbaâ Nath Irathen -- October 21, 2010), was a former Algerian international footballer who spent his entire career with JS Kabylie.	Mustapha Anane	JS Kabylie
member of sports team	Lahaou Konaté (born November 17, 1991 in Creteil, France) is a French basketball player who plays for Le Mans Sarthe Basket.	Lahaou Konaté	Le Mans Sarthe Basket
member of sports team	Sameh Saeed Mujbel Al-Mamoori (Arabic: سامح سعيد مجبل‎ , born May 26, 1992 in Baghdad, Iraq) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as Right back for Baghdad FC in the Iraqi Premier League.	Sameh Saeed	Baghdad FC
member of sports team	Adam Lowry (born March 29, 1993) is a Canadian-American ice hockey player with the Winnipeg Jets in the National Hockey League.	Adam Lowry	Winnipeg Jets
member of sports team	Aljmir Murati (born 18 September 1985) is a Swiss football player of Kosovar Albanian descent who plays for Potenza S.C..	Aljmir Murati	Potenza S.C.
member of sports team	Terrence Edwards (born April 20, 1979) is a former Canadian football wide receiver who played for nine seasons with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.	Terrence Edwards	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Santos Amador Quispe (born April 6, 1982 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is a Bolivian professional footballer currently playing for Nacional Potosí in Bolivia.	Santos Amador	Nacional Potosí
member of sports team	Daniel Killer also had a short spell in Colombia with Bucaramanga, he finished his career in the lower leagues with Argentino de Rosario.	Daniel Killer	Argentino de Rosario
member of sports team	Robert Kron (born February 27, 1967) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey centre and scout for the Carolina Hurricanes.	Robert Kron	Carolina Hurricanes
member of sports team	Alexander Kadeikin (born October 4, 1993) is a Russian professional ice hockey player, who is currently playing for SKA Saint Petersburg of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Alexander Kadeikin	SKA Saint Petersburg
member of sports team	Born in Zemun, Boris Sekulić joined MFK Košice team at the age of 19.	Boris Sekulić	MFK Košice
member of sports team	Lucas González Amorosino (born 2 November 1985 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine rugby union player who plays fullback or wing for the Argentina national rugby union team The Pumas and for Super Rugby franchise the Jaguares.	Lucas González Amorosino	Argentina national rugby union team
member of sports team	Lukáš Bielák (born 14 December 1986 in Ružomberok) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Górnik Łęczna.	Lukáš Bielák	Górnik Łęczna
member of sports team	Yeyen Tumena (born on May 16, 1976) is an Indonesian footballer and manager who previously plays as defender for Persma Manado, Persija Jakarta, Persikota Tangerang, Persebaya Surabaya, Perseden Denpasar, PSMS Medan, PSM Makassar and the Indonesia national team.	Yeyen Tumena	PSM Makassar
member of sports team	Viktor Špišić (born 8 June 1982 in Sisak, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian footballer, who currently plays as a midfielder for HNK Segesta.	Viktor Špišić	HNK Segesta
member of sports team	Emeka Ononye is a Canadian soccer player who last played for Toronto FC II in the USL.	Emeka Ononye	Toronto FC II
member of sports team	Robbie Tarrant (born 25 April 1989) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Robbie Tarrant	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Zinedine Ferhat (born March 1, 1993) is an Algerian football player who plays for USM Alger in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 and the Algeria national team.	Zinedine Ferhat	USM Alger
member of sports team	Brent Raedeke (born May 29, 1990) is a Canadian-German professional ice hockey player who is currently playing as an offensive centermen for the Adler Mannheim of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Brent Raedeke	Adler Mannheim
member of sports team	In 2007 Halmstads BK goalkeeper Magnus Bahne got injured and missed the rest of the season, Halmstad then only had one fit goalkeeper, making the club looking for a new goalkeeper for the remainder of the season and the choice became Kazakhstan international David Loria.	David Loria	Halmstads BK
member of sports team	David Odubel Herrera (born December 29, 1991) is a Venezuelan professional baseball center fielder for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Odubel Herrera	Philadelphia Phillies
member of sports team	Mark van der Maarel (born on August 12, 1989 in Arnhem), is a Dutch footballer who plays as a right back for FC Utrecht in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Mark van der Maarel	FC Utrecht
member of sports team	Mehdi Khalil (born 19 September 1991) is a Lebanese Goalkeeper who is currently a player for Al-Safa' SC in the Lebanese Premier League.	Mehdi Khalil	Al-Safa' SC
member of sports team	Thierry Zahui (born 22 October 1987) is an Ivorian footballer, currently playing for Swedish side Assyriska BK.	Thierry Zahui	Assyriska BK
member of sports team	Chasson Randle (born February 5, 1993) is an American basketball player with ČEZ Basketball Nymburk of the Czech National Basketball League.	Chasson Randle	ČEZ Basketball Nymburk
member of sports team	Stephan Salger (born 30 January 1990 in Düren, Germany) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Arminia Bielefeld.	Stephan Salger	Arminia Bielefeld
member of sports team	Peter Reekers (born 2 June 1981 in Almelo) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a central defender for DETO in the Dutch Topklasse.	Peter Reekers	DETO
member of sports team	After spells with Rio Branco Esporte Clube and Associação Desportiva São Caetano, Fabiano Gadelha made a break-through with Marília Atlético Clube.	Fabiano Gadelha	Associação Desportiva São Caetano	Marília Atlético Clube
member of sports team	Aladár Virágh (born 19 February 1983 in Debrecen) is a Hungarian football player who played for Balmazújvárosi FC.	Aladár Virágh	Balmazújvárosi FC
member of sports team	Antonio Jakoliš (born 28 February 1992, in Varaždin) is a Croatian footballer who can play as a winger or a midfielder for Liga I side CFR Cluj.	Antonio Jakoliš	CFR Cluj
member of sports team	Alan Noonan (13 October 1947 -- 13 April 2011) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL) for the Essendon Football Club from 1966 to 1976 and the Richmond Football Club in 1977.	Alan Noonan	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Mark Hartsell (born December 7, 1973 in Brockton, Massachusetts) is a former quarterback for the Boston College Eagles and Chicago Bears.	Mark Hartsell	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Jarriel King (born July 27, 1987) is an gridiron football offensive tackle for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.	Jarriel King	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Nathan Craze (born 26 November 1986 in Merthyr Tydfil, Wales) is a professional ice hockey netminder currently playing for the Edinburgh Capitals in the Elite Ice Hockey League.	Nathan Craze	Edinburgh Capitals
member of sports team	David Bigas Vargas (born 19 June 1994) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet on loan from Girona FC as a left back or winger.	David Bigas	CE L'Hospitalet
member of sports team	Daniele Gabriele (born 16 December 1994) is a German-Italian footballer who plays as a forward for VfB Stuttgart II. Gabriele played his first match for VfB Stuttgart II on 25 July 2015 in the 3.	Daniele Gabriele	VfB Stuttgart II
member of sports team	Szymon Salski (born September 13, 1990) is a Polish footballer who plays for ŁKS Łódź.	Szymon Salski	ŁKS Łódź
member of sports team	Nuno Miguel Pereira Sousa (born 8 March 1979), known as Briguel, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.S. Marítimo as a right back.	Briguel	C.S. Marítimo
member of sports team	Shéu, who has Chinese ancestry, was born in Inhassoro, Portuguese Mozambique and discovered by army lieutenant Manuel da Costa, arriving in Lisbon in 1970 and joining S.L. Benfica's youth ranks.	Shéu	S.L. Benfica
member of sports team	George Glinatsis (born June 29, 1969 in Youngstown, Ohio) is a former Major League Baseball player who pitched briefly for the Seattle Mariners in 1994.	George Glinatsis	Seattle Mariners
member of sports team	Adam Bighill (born October 16, 1988) is a Canadian football linebacker for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.	Adam Bighill	BC Lions
member of sports team	Gary Famiglietti (November 28, 1913 -- July 13, 1986) was a professional American football player who played running back for nine seasons for the Chicago Bears and Boston Yanks.	Gary Famiglietti	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Tony Armstrong (born 29 September 1989) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Adelaide Football Club, Sydney Swans and Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Tony Armstrong	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Alexis Koubroglou (Greek: Αλέξης Κουμπρόγλου, born 14 August 1991) is a professional Greek football player, currently playing for Kavala F.C. in the Greek Football League.	Alexis Koubroglou	Kavala F.C.
member of sports team	As a member of the Boston Red Sox, Dustan Mohr filled in occasionally in outfield, either replacing Trot Nixon or Coco Crisp.	Dustan Mohr	Boston Red Sox
member of sports team	Chris Charles (born 7 March 1976 ) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at representative level for England, and at club level for Hull Kingston Rovers, Salford, and Castleford Tigers (twice), as a Hooker, Second-row, or Loose forward/Lock.	Chris Charles	Hull Kingston Rovers	Castleford Tigers
member of sports team	Dmitri Arhip (born 12 November 1988) is a Moldovan rugby union player who plays for Ospreys regional team as a prop.	Dmitri Arhip	Ospreys
member of sports team	Silvio Schröter (born June 29, 1979 in Radebeul) is former a German footballer, last contracted with FC Carl Zeiss Jena.	Silvio Schröter	FC Carl Zeiss Jena
member of sports team	Matteo Nodari (born May 23, 1991 in Alzano Lombardo) is an Italian professional footballer for Tritium Calcio 1908.	Matteo Nodari	Tritium Calcio 1908
member of sports team	Fwayo Tembo played for the Zambia national football team at the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations in Ghana.	Fwayo Tembo	Zambia national football team
member of sports team	Martín Montoya Torralbo (born 14 April 1991) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Betis on loan from FC Barcelona as a right back.	Martín Montoya	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Erivaldo Jorge Paulo Ferreira (born 8 February 1994) simply Erivaldo, is an Angolan-born Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Braga B, as a forward.	Erivaldo	S.C. Braga B
member of sports team	Julia Wahlberg (born 29 September 1995) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC in the fully professional Damallsvenskan, the highest Swedish women's league, as a Midfielder.	Julia Wahlberg	Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC
member of sports team	Stanley Gene (born 11 May 1974 in Goroka) is a former Papua New Guinean rugby league player who currently coaches Gateshead Thunder as well coaching the academy team at Hull Kingston Rovers and served as the Papua New Guinea Kumuls head coach.	Stanley Gene	Hull Kingston Rovers
member of sports team	Yeşim Demirel (born April 19, 1990) is a Turkish-German women's football forward currently playing in the 2nd Women's Football Bundesliga South (2. Frauen Bundesliga Süd) for Karlsruher SC in Germany with jersey number 9.	Yeşim Demirel	Karlsruher SC
member of sports team	Stefan Glarner (born 21 November 1987 in Meiringen) is a Swiss footballer, who currently plays for FC Thun in the Swiss Super League.	Stefan Glarner	FC Thun
member of sports team	Richard Lounder (born 20 January 1967) is a former Australian rules footballer who played four games for the Richmond Football Club in the Victorian Football League.	Richard Lounder	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Filip Bednarek (Polish pronunciation: (ˈfilip bɛdˈnarɛk); born 26 September 1992 in Słupca) is a Polish football goalkeeper who currently plays for FC Utrecht in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Filip Bednarek	FC Utrecht
member of sports team	Desmond N'Ze Kouassi (born 17 April 1989) known as Desmond N'Ze or just Desmond in Japan, is a naturalized Italian footballer of Ghanaian descent who plays as a defender and is currently a free agent after leaving his most recent club, J3 League side Fujieda MYFC.	Desmond N'Ze	Fujieda MYFC
member of sports team	Bikash Malla is currently the goalkeeper of Nepal Army Club and Nepal National Team.	Bikash Malla	Nepal Army Club
member of sports team	Pavel Mezlík (born 25 June 1983) is a Czech football player, currently playing for FC Zbrojovka Brno.	Pavel Mezlík	FC Zbrojovka Brno
member of sports team	Abdullah Musa Abdullah (born 2 March 1958) is a footballer from UAE who played as a goalkeeper for Al-Ahli Club in Dubai, and the UAE national football team.	Abdullah Musa	Al-Ahli Club
member of sports team	Cliff Rankin (4 December 1896 -- 12 February 1975) was an Australian rules footballer, who played for the Geelong Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) from 1915 to 1928.	Cliff Rankin	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Kim Kwang-min (Hangul: 김광민; born 25 December 1985) is a South Korean football defender, who plays for Duhok SC in Iraqi Premier League.	Kim Kwang-min	Duhok SC
member of sports team	Olivier Lacoste-Lebuis (born September 28, 1990 in Mount Royal, Quebec) is a Canadian soccer defender, who currently plays for RC Strasbourg.	Olivier Lacoste-Lebuis	RC Strasbourg
member of sports team	Jim Cullen (9 June 1878 -- 9 May 1954) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Essendon Football Club, South Melbourne Football Club and Carlton Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jim Cullen	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Carl Monroe (February 20, 1960 -- April 26, 1989) was a professional American football player who played running back for the San Francisco 49ers from 1983 to 1987.	Carl Monroe	San Francisco 49ers
member of sports team	Clemens Walch (born 10 July 1987) is an Austrian football player who plays for SV Ried.	Clemens Walch	SV Ried
member of sports team	Kyrylo Sydorenko (Ukrainian: Кирило Володимирович Сидоренко; born 25 July 1985, Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol.	Kyrylo Sydorenko	FC Illichivets Mariupol
member of sports team	Ingrid Tanqueray (born 25 August 1988) is a French basketball player for Basket Lattes and the French national team, where she participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship.	Ingrid Tanqueray	Basket Lattes
member of sports team	Mihály Nagymarosi (6 October 1919, in Nagymaros -- 7 September 2002, in Nagymaros) was a Hungarian football midfielder, who played for Újpest FC, as well as representing 13 times the Hungarian national football team between 1942 and 1950.	Mihály Nagymarosi	Újpest FC
member of sports team	Sebastián Portigliatti (born 1 March 1985) is an Argentine footballer who plays as goalkeeper for C.D. Motagua in the Honduran Liga Nacional.	Sebastián Portigliatti	C.D. Motagua
member of sports team	Ian Ironside (born 8 March 1964 in Sheffield) is a retired English football goalkeeper, who spent most of his playing career at Scarborough F.C. but since retiring has returned to Sheffield and is now working as a joiner.	Ian Ironside	Scarborough F.C.
member of sports team	Mark Brunnegger (born November 1, 1985 in Graz) is an Austrian ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Graz 99ers of the Erste Bank Hockey League.	Mark Brunnegger	Graz 99ers
member of sports team	On 7 January 2013 Tonel returned to his homeland and joined top division club S.C. Beira-Mar, signing until June 2014.	Tonel	S.C. Beira-Mar
member of sports team	Garry Clark is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s, playing at club level for Hull Kingston Rovers, Scarborough Pirates and Hull, and at representative level for Great Britain and England, as a Wing, i.e. number 2 or 5.	Garry Clark	Hull Kingston Rovers
member of sports team	Taras Puchkovskyi (Ukrainian: Тарас Миколайович Пучковський; born 23 August 1994 in Novovolynsk, Volyn Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for club FC Karpaty Lviv in Ukrainian Premier League.	Taras Puchkovskyi	FC Karpaty Lviv
member of sports team	Sergei Nemolodyshev (born March 30, 1985) is a Russian professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Sergei Nemolodyshev	Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg
member of sports team	Bruce Kozerski (born April 2, 1962 in Plains, Pennsylvania) is a former American football center who played twelve seasons with the Cincinnati Bengals in the National Football League.	Bruce Kozerski	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Alessandro Ruggeri (born November 16, 1990 in Cantù) is an Italian professional football player who currently plays for Reggina Calcio.	Alessandro Ruggeri	Reggina Calcio
member of sports team	Yaw Frimpong (born 4 December 1986 in Accra) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for TP Mazembe as a full back.	Yaw Frimpong	TP Mazembe
member of sports team	Mike Lansford (born July 20, 1958 in Monterey Park, California) is a former National Football League placekicker from 1982-1990 for the Los Angeles Rams.	Mike Lansford	Los Angeles Rams
member of sports team	Petar Nadoveza started his youth and senior career at HNK Šibenik.	Petar Nadoveza	HNK Šibenik
member of sports team	Joe Secord was a player in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers in 1922 as a center.	Joe Secord	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Aldo Visconti (born March 26, 1977 in Resistencia, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Chaco For Ever of the Torneo Argentino A, the regionalised third division in Argentina.	Aldo Visconti	Chaco For Ever
member of sports team	Joseph Schirripa (born 9 October 1982) is a former professional Australian association footballer defender who has played for Northern Spirit FC, Newcastle Jets FC and Sydney FC.	Joseph Schirripa	Northern Spirit FC
member of sports team	Jean-Yves André (born May 31, 1977) is a Mauritian football player who currently plays for Cercle de Joachim in the Mauritian Premier League and for the Mauritius national football team as a midfielder.	Jean-Yves André	Cercle de Joachim
member of sports team	Iñigo Barrenetxea García (born 10 January 1994) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Vitoria as an attacking midfielder.	Iñigo Barrenetxea	CD Vitoria
member of sports team	Matt Campanale (born February 14, 1988) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing for Italian club, Hockey Milano Rossoblu in the Serie A. He is from Chester Springs, Pennsylvania.	Matt Campanale	Hockey Milano Rossoblu
member of sports team	Ambrose Askin (birth registered January→March 1909 -- January 1979) was a professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s, playing at club level for Castleford, Keighley Cougars, and Featherstone Rovers, as a Wing, i.e. number 2 or 5.	Ambrose Askin	Keighley Cougars	Featherstone Rovers
member of sports team	Jaba Lipartia (Georgian: ჯაბა ლიპარტია; born 16 November 1987) is a Georgian international footballer who plays professionally as a midfielder for FC Zorya Luhansk.	Jaba Lipartia	FC Zorya Luhansk
member of sports team	Tim Daniel (born September 14, 1969) is a former American football wide receiver who played two seasons with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.	Tim Daniel	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	René Henriksen (born 27 August 1969 in Glostrup) is a Danish former professional football player, who played as a defender for Danish club Akademisk Boldklub and Panathinaikos in Greece.	René Henriksen	Akademisk Boldklub
member of sports team	Tonic Chabalala (born April 25, 1979 in Giyani, Limpopo) is a South African football (soccer) defender formerly for Orlando Pirates in the Premier Soccer League.	Tonic Chabalala	Orlando Pirates
military branch	Major General Michael R. Lehnert is a retired major general of the United States Marine Corps.	Michael R. Lehnert	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Admiral of the Fleet Sir Lucius Curtis, 2nd Baronet, KCB, DL (3 June 1786 -- 14 January 1869) was a senior officer of the Royal Navy during the nineteenth century.	Lucius Curtis	Royal Navy
military branch	Captain John Quilliam RN (born Marown, Isle of Man 29 September 1771 - died Michael, Isle of Man 10 October 1829) was a Royal Navy officer and the First Lieutenant on HMS Victory at the Battle of Trafalgar.	John Quilliam	Royal Navy
military branch	Thomas K. Chadwick is retired officer in the United States Navy and Chaplain of the United States Coast Guard.	Thomas K. Chadwick	United States Navy
military branch	Field Marshal John Colborne, 1st Baron Seaton GCB GCMG GCH PC (Ire) (16 February 1778 -- 17 April 1863) was a British Army officer and Colonial Governor.	John Colborne, 1st Baron Seaton	British Army
military branch	Mariano Francisco Saynez Mendoza (Veracruz, Veracruz, 20 September 1942) is an admiral in the Mexican Navy.	Mariano Francisco Saynez Mendoza	Mexican Navy
military branch	The 13th Marine Expeditionary Unit (13th MEU) is one of seven Marine Expeditionary Units currently in existence in the United States Marine Corps.	13th Marine Expeditionary Unit	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Albert Sidney Johnston (February 2, 1803 -- April 6, 1862) served as a general in three different armies: the Texian (i.e., Republic of Texas) Army, the United States Army, and the Confederate States Army.	Albert Sidney Johnston	United States Army
military branch	Field Marshal Colin Campbell, 1st Baron Clyde GCB KCSI (20 October 1792 -- 14 August 1863) was a British Army officer.	Colin Campbell, 1st Baron Clyde	British Army
military branch	The 7th Queen's Own Hussars was a cavalry regiment in the British Army, first formed in 1690.	7th Queen's Own Hussars	British Army
military branch	The President of the United States of America takes pleasure in presenting the Navy Distinguished Service Medal to Aviation Pilot Floyd Bennett, United States Navy, for exceptionally meritorious and distinguished service in a position of great responsibility to the Government of the United States.	Floyd Bennett	United States Navy
military branch	William Harrington Leahy (October 27, 1904 -- May 12, 1986) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy.	William Harrington Leahy	United States Navy
military branch	Joy Bright Hancock (4 May 1898 -- 20 August 1986), a veteran of both the First and Second World Wars, was one of the first women officers of the United States Navy.	Joy Bright Hancock	United States Navy
military branch	Thomas J. Fiscus was a Major General in the United States Air Force who served as Judge Advocate General of the Air Force, the highest-ranking officer in the Judge Advocate General's Corps.	Thomas J. Fiscus	United States Air Force
military branch	Major-General Andrew Gilbert Wauchope (5 July 1846 -- 11 December 1899) was a British Army officer, killed commanding a brigade at the Battle of Magersfontein in the South African War.	Andrew Gilbert Wauchope	British Army
military branch	Ingvar Fredrik Håkansson (4 September 1920 -- 9 July 1944) was a Swedish volunteer fighter pilot in the Royal Air Force (RAF) during the Second World War.	Ingvar Fredrik Håkansson	Royal Air Force
military branch	William Marshall Roark (23 October 1938 -- 7 April 1965) was a United States Navy aviator, Lieutenant, recipient of the Distinguished Flying Cross and namesake of USS Roark (FF-1053).	William Marshall Roark	United States Navy
military branch	Brigadier-General Guy Melfort Baldwin DSO was a British cavalry officer in the British Indian Army where he commanded the 25th Cavalry (Frontier Force) and later the Derajat Brigade.	Guy Melfort Baldwin	British Indian Army
military branch	Frederick Thomas Fisher, (June 3, 1872 -- April 15, 1906) was a gunner's mate in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for his actions aboard USS Philadelphia (C-4) during the Philippine-American War.	Frederick Thomas Fisher	United States Navy
military branch	William Troy (1848--March 8, 1907) entered service in the US Navy from Massachusetts as a United States Navy sailor.	William Troy	United States Navy
military branch	Francis Fessenden (March 18, 1839 -- January 2, 1906) was a lawyer, politician, and soldier from the state of Maine who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Francis Fessenden	Union Army
military branch	Patricia Howard (born 1947) was the first regular British Women's Royal Air Force officer to wear an aircrew brevet (``wings'') and therefore the first to serve in the General Duties (Flying) Branch.	Patricia Howard	Royal Air Force
mother	Clarice de' Medici (1493 -- 1528) was the daughter of Piero di Lorenzo de' Medici and Alfonsina Orsini.	Clarice de' Medici	Alfonsina Orsini
mother	Margaret Hamburg is the daughter of Beatrix Hamburg and David A. Hamburg, both physicians.	Margaret Hamburg	Beatrix Hamburg
mother	Princess Anna of Hesse and by Rhine, third child and only daughter of Prince Karl of Hesse and by Rhine, and his wife, Princess Elisabeth of Prussia, was born at Bessungen, Grand Duchy of Hesse.	Princess Anna of Hesse and by Rhine	Princess Elisabeth of Prussia
mother	Richard of Shrewsbury, Duke of York (born on 17 August 1473), was the sixth child and second son of King Edward IV of England and Elizabeth Woodville, born in Shrewsbury.	Richard of Shrewsbury, Duke of York	Elizabeth Woodville
mother	Born on 18 September 1709 (New Style), to Michael Johnson, a bookseller, and his wife, Sarah Ford, Samuel Johnson often claimed that he grew up in poverty.	Samuel Johnson	Sarah Ford
mother	Robert Monckton was the second son of Elizabeth Manners and John Monckton (later the first Viscount Galway) and, like many second sons of British aristocrats, he entered military service.	Robert Monckton	Elizabeth Manners
mother	Siemowit (Polish pronunciation: (ɕɛˈmɔvit), also Ziemowit (ʑɛˈmɔvit)) was, according to the chronicles of Gallus Anonymus, the son of Piast the Wheelwright and Rzepicha.	Siemowit	Rzepicha
mother	Ali Sethi was born in Lahore, to Najam Sethi and Jugnu Mohsin.	Ali Sethi	Jugnu Mohsin
mother	Catherine of Valois was the youngest daughter of King Charles VI of France and his wife Isabeau of Bavaria.	Catherine of Valois	Isabeau of Bavaria
mother	John de Bohun, 5th Earl of Hereford (23 November 1306 -- 20 January 1336) was born in St Clement's, Oxford to Humphrey de Bohun, 4th Earl of Hereford and Elizabeth of Rhuddlan, a daughter of Edward I of England.	John de Bohun, 5th Earl of Hereford	Elizabeth of Rhuddlan
mouth of the watercourse	The main branch of the Xi River flows southeast through the delta entering the South China Sea at Modao Men, just west of Macau.	Xi River	South China Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Black Pockau (German: Schwarze Pockau or Schwarzwasser, Czech: Černá) is a left tributary of the River Flöha in the Ore Mountains.	Black Pockau	Flöha
mouth of the watercourse	Derived from the Kaurna name (Pandlotinga), Panalatinga Creek (often mispronounced Panatalinga) is a short creek that runs from the foothills in the southern Adelaide suburbs around Chandlers Hill through to Trott Park, South Australia as part of the Field River catchment zone.	Panalatinga Creek	Field River
mouth of the watercourse	Wilson Run (also known as Wilsons Run or Wilson's Run) is a tributary of Kipps Run in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Wilson Run	Kipps Run
mouth of the watercourse	The Nederrijn flows on to the city of Wijk bij Duurstede, from where it continues as the River Lek.	Nederrijn	Lek
mouth of the watercourse	Kedron Brook then meanders through suburbs including Stafford, Grange, Lutwyche, Wooloowin, Kalinga Park, Toombul and Hendra before it empties into the Schulz Canal, which flows into Moreton Bay at Nudgee Beach.	Kedron Brook	Moreton Bay
mouth of the watercourse	The Black Ernz (Luxembourgish: Schwaarz Iernz, French: Ernz noire, German: Schwarze Ernz) is a river flowing through Luxembourg, joining the Sauer at Grundhof.	Black Ernz	Sauer
mouth of the watercourse	The Ubagan River is a river of Kazakhstan and Russia, a right tributary of the Tobol River.	Ubagan River	Tobol River
mouth of the watercourse	Zbruch River (Ukrainian: Збруч, Polish: Zbrucz) is a river in Western Ukraine, a left tributary of the Dniester.	Zbruch River	Dniester
mouth of the watercourse	The Metolius River (pronounced muh TOLL ee us) is a tributary of the Deschutes River (through Lake Billy Chinook) in Central Oregon, United States, near the city of Sisters.	Metolius River	Deschutes River
mouth of the watercourse	Aquashicola Creek (pronounced Ahkwa-SHIK-ola), also known as Aquanchicola Creek, or Aquanshicola Creek, is a 20.8-mile-long (33.5 km) tributary of the Lehigh River in the Poconos of eastern Pennsylvania in the United States.	Aquashicola Creek	Lehigh River
mouth of the watercourse	The Luangwa River is one of the major tributaries of the Zambezi River, and one of the four biggest rivers of Zambia.	Luangwa River	Zambezi River
mouth of the watercourse	Szinva is a stream in northern Hungary, a tributary to the river Sajó.	Szinva	Sajó
mouth of the watercourse	The Abens is a river in Bavaria, Germany, and a right-bank tributary of the Danube.	Abens	Danube
mouth of the watercourse	The Lac qui Parle River is a tributary of the Minnesota River, 118 miles (190 km) long, in southwestern Minnesota in the United States.	Lac qui Parle River	Minnesota River
named after	Castle Harlan was founded in 1987 by Leonard Harlan and John K. Castle, but its history goes back to the 1960s.	Castle Harlan	John K. Castle
named after	In numerical analysis, Newton's method (also known as the Newton--Raphson method), named after Isaac Newton and Joseph Raphson, is a method for finding successively better approximations to the roots (or zeroes) of a real-valued function.	Newton's method	Isaac Newton	Joseph Raphson
named after	Barytocalcite is an anhydrous barium calcium carbonate mineral with the chemical formula BaCa(CO3)2.	Barytocalcite	barium calcium
named after	A Helmholtz coil is a device for producing a region of nearly uniform magnetic field, named after the German physicist Hermann von Helmholtz.	Helmholtz coil	Hermann von Helmholtz
named after	The Jubilee line is coloured silver/grey on the Tube map, to mark the Silver Jubilee of Elizabeth II after which the line was named.	Jubilee line	Silver Jubilee of Elizabeth II
named after	In mathematics, the Bogomolov conjecture, named for Fedor Bogomolov, is the following statement:	Bogomolov conjecture	Fedor Bogomolov
named after	Lutetium, derived from the Latin Lutetia (Paris), was independently discovered in 1907 by French scientist Georges Urbain, Austrian mineralogist Baron Carl Auer von Welsbach, and American chemist Charles James.	Lutetium	Lutetia
named after	The Panizzi Lectures are a series of annual lectures given at the British Library by ``eminent scholars of the book'' and named after the librarian Anthony Panizzi.	Panizzi Lectures	Anthony Panizzi
named after	Risopatrón Base, also Luis Risopatrón Base, is a small Chilean Antarctic research base in the northwest of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica situated on the isthmus linking Coppermine Peninsula to Alfatar Peninsula and bounded by Carlota Cove to the north and Coppermine Cove to the south.	Risopatrón Base	Luis Risopatrón
named after	Pompeiu's theorem is a result of plane geometry, discovered by the Romanian mathematician Dimitrie Pompeiu.	Pompeiu's theorem	Dimitrie Pompeiu
named after	One of the Windward Islands, Saint Lucia was named after Saint Lucy of Syracuse by the French, the island's first European settlers.	Saint Lucia	Saint Lucy
narrative location	During its run, Take the High Road was always one of the highest-rated television programmes in Scotland, and had an extremely loyal following throughout the rest of the UK.	Take the High Road	Scotland
narrative location	Disquiet Heart is an historical crime novel by the American writer Randall Silvis set in 1847 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Disquiet Heart	Pittsburgh
narrative location	The Hard Word grossed $2,957,456 at the box office in Australia.	The Hard Word	Australia
narrative location	Dragonwings features Chinese American experience in the United States, specifically San Francisco, shortly after the turn of the twentieth century.	Dragonwings	San Francisco
narrative location	Although it is now seen as belonging to the Italian Nouvelle Vague, Before the Revolution did not attract large audiences in Italy where it only received lukewarm approval from most of the critics.	Before the Revolution	Italy
narrative location	A Tale of Two Cities (1859) is a novel by Charles Dickens, set in London and Paris before and during the French Revolution.	A Tale of Two Cities	London	Paris
narrative location	Mrs. Beautiful is an historical novel by the American writer Lester Goran set in 1909 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Mrs. Beautiful	Pittsburgh
native language	Wilhelm Ténint (born 1817) was a minor French Romantic writer.	Wilhelm Ténint	French
native language	Peter Schulz (25 April 1930 -- 17 May 2013) was a German politician, member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) and First Mayor of Hamburg (1971 -- 1974).	Peter Schulz	German
native language	Gwenaëlle Aubry (born April 2, 1971) is a French novelist and philosopher.	Gwenaëlle Aubry	French
native language	Tonie Marshall (born 29 November 1951) is an actress, screenwriter, and film director in French cinema.	Tonie Marshall	French
native language	Heinz G. Konsalik, pseudonym of Heinz Günther (May 28, 1921 -- October 2, 1999) was a German novelist.	Heinz G. Konsalik	German
native language	Henri Ternaux-Compans (born in Paris in 1807; died there in December 1864) was a French historian.	Henri Ternaux-Compans	French
native language	Jacques-Émile Blanche (French: (blɑ̃ʃ); 1 January 1861 -- 20 September 1942) was a French artist.	Jacques-Émile Blanche	French
native language	Céline Émilie Seurre, known as Cécile Sorel or the Comtesse de Ségur, by marriage (7 September 1873, Paris - 3 September 1966, Trouville-sur-Mer) was a French comic actress.	Cécile Sorel	French
native language	Liliane Bert is a French film and television actress.	Liliane Bert	French
native language	Félicien Champsaur (1858--1934) was a French novelist and journalist.	Félicien Champsaur	French
native language	Raymond Abellio is the pseudonym of French writer Georges Soulès.	Raymond Abellio	French
native language	Nadine de Rothschild (née Nadine Lhopitalier; born 18 April 1932) is a French author and actress.	Nadine de Rothschild	French
native language	Helene Weber (born 17 March 1881 in Elberfeld (now Wuppertal), Rhine Province, died 25 July 1962 in Bonn) was a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (``CDU'').	Helene Weber	German
native language	Jacques Chastenet de Castaing (April 20, 1893, Paris -- February 7, 1978) was a French journalist, historian and diplomat.	Jacques Chastenet	French
native language	Stanley Weber (born 13 July 1986) is a French actor and theatre director.	Stanley Weber	French
native language	Augustin de Lespinasse (8 October 1737 -- 23 November 1816) commanded French artillery during the French Revolutionary Wars.	Augustin de Lespinasse	French
native language	Marie-France Pisier (10 May 1944 -- 24 April 2011) was a French actress, screenwriter, and director.	Marie-France Pisier	French
native language	Jean Gallois (14 June 1632 -- 9 April 1707) was a French scholar and abbé.	Jean Gallois	French
native language	Christian Lamothe (born 1952 in Paris), better known with his pseudonym Christian Picquet, is a French activist and politician.	Christian Picquet	French
native language	Heiner Geißler (born March 3, 1930) is a German politician with the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party.	Heiner Geißler	German
native language	Louis Jacques Maurice de Bonald (30 October 1787 -- 23 February 1870) was a French cardinal (1841).	Louis Jacques Maurice de Bonald	French
native language	François Cavanna (22 February 1923 -- 29 January 2014) was a French author and satirical newspaper editor.	François Cavanna	French
native language	Abdelwahab Meddeb (Tunisian Arabic: عبد الوهاب المدب‎; 1946 -- 5 November 2014) was an award-winning French-language poet, novelist, essayist, translator, editor, cultural critic, political commentator, radio producer, public intellectual and professor of comparative literature at the University of Paris X-Nanterre.	Abdelwahab Meddeb	French
native language	Roger Martin du Gard (French: (dy gaʁ); 23 March 1881 -- 22 August 1958) was a French author and novelist, winner of the 1937 Nobel Prize for Literature.	Roger Martin du Gard	French
native language	Roland Emmerich (German: (ˈʁoːlant ˈɛməʁɪç); born November 10, 1955) is a German film director, screenwriter, and producer.	Roland Emmerich	German
native language	María Casares (21 November 1922 -- 22 November 1996) was a Spanish-French actress and one of the most distinguished stars of the French stage.	María Casares	French
native language	Claude Boyer (1618, Albi -- 22 July 1698, Paris) was a French clergyman, playwright, apologist and poet.	Claude Boyer	French
native language	Suzanne Prou (1920 Grimaud, Var - December 29--30, 1995) was a French novelist.	Suzanne Prou	French
native language	Louis Jacques Marie Collin du Bocage (14 May 1893 -- 3 November 1952), better known by the pen name Louis Verneuil, was a French playwright, screenwriter, and actor.	Louis Verneuil	French
native language	Maximilien Sébastien Foy (3 February 1775 -- 28 November 1825) was a French military leader, statesman and writer.	Maximilien Sébastien Foy	French
native language	Philips Baelde or Father Philippus Baldaeus, (baptized on 24 October 1632, Delft -- 1671, Geervliet) was a Dutch minister.	Philippus Baldaeus	Dutch
native language	Roschdy Zem (born 27 September 1965) is a French actor and filmmaker of Moroccan descent.	Roschdy Zem	French
native language	Alfred Mombert (6 February 1872 -- 8 April 1942) was a German poet, born in Karlsruhe, and educated at the universities of Heidelberg, Leipzig, Munich, and Berlin.	Alfred Mombert	German
native language	Julien Torma (6 April 1902 -- 17 February 1933) was a French writer, playwright and poet who was part of the Dadaist movement.	Julien Torma	French
native language	Ilja Leonard Pfeijffer (born 17 January 1968) is a Dutch poet, novelist, polemicist and classical scholar.	Ilja Leonard Pfeijffer	Dutch
native language	Marie-Josée Roig (born 12 May 1938) is a French politician	Marie-Josée Roig	French
native language	Étienne Manac'h (later known as Étienne Manoël Manac'h; February 3, 1910 in Plouigneau, Brittany -- 1992) was a French career diplomat and author.	Étienne Manac'h	French
native language	Victor André Cornil, also André-Victor Cornil (17 June 1837 -- 13 April 1908) was a French pathologist, histologist and politician born in Cusset, Allier.	Victor André Cornil	French
native language	Jean-Michel Bertrand (born 6 June 1943 at Baccarat, Meurthe-et-Moselle, died 19 February 2008 at the Hôpital Saint-Louis in Paris) was a French politician of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP).	Jean-Michel Bertrand	French
native language	Jean-Baptiste Say (French: (ʒãbatist sɛ); 5 January 1767 -- 15 November 1832) was a French economist and businessman.	Jean-Baptiste Say	French
native language	Max Hymans (March 2, 1900; Paris - March 7, 1961; Saint-Cloud), was a notable leftist French politician, member of the resistance, and director of Air France.	Max Hymans	French
native language	Michèle Morgan (pronounced: (miʃɛl mɔʁɡan); born 29 February 1920) is a French film actress, who was a leading lady for three decades.	Michèle Morgan	French
native language	Isabelle Christine Inès Léonore Girard (born July 27, 1944), better known by the name Isabelle De Funès, is a French actress, singer, model and photographer.	Isabelle De Funès	French
native language	Lucien Millevoye (1 August 1850 -- 25 March 1918) was a French journalist and right-wing politician, now best known for his relationship with the Irish revolutionary and muse of W.B. Yeats, Maud Gonne.	Lucien Millevoye	French
native language	Louis Philippe I (6 October 1773 -- 26 August 1850) was King of the French from 1830 to 1848 as the leader of the Orléanist party.	Louis Philippe I	French
native language	Elmar Pieroth (born 9 November 1934 in Bad Kreuznach) is a German politician (CDU).	Elmar Pieroth	German
native language	Edmond Flegenheimer better known as Edmond Fleg, (26 November 1874, Geneva -- 15 October 1963, Paris) was a Jewish French writer, thinker, novelist, essayist and playwright of the 20th century.	Edmond Fleg	French
native language	Saint Eugène de Mazenod (born Charles-Joseph-Eugène de Mazenod; 1 August 1782 -- 21 May 1861), more commonly known as Eugène de Mazenod, was a French Catholic clergyman, beatified on 19 October 1975 by Pope Paul VI, and canonized on 3 December 1995 by Pope John Paul II.	Eugène de Mazenod	French
native language	Ivan Savitskiy (born March 6, 1992 in Grozny) is a Russian cyclist riding for RusVelo.	Ivan Savitskiy	Russian
native language	Antonin Dubost (6 April 1842, L'Arbresle, Rhône -- 16 April 1921, Paris) was a French journalist, State Councillor and Senator.	Antonin Dubost	French
native language	Bertrand Poirot-Delpech (Paris, 10 February 1929 -- 14 November 2006) was a French journalist, essayist and novelist.	Bertrand Poirot-Delpech	French
native language	Dr. Lale Akgün (born 17 September 1953 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a German politician of Turkish origin and member of the SPD.	Lale Akgün	German
native language	Louis Pierre Manuel (1751 -- 17 November 1793) was a French writer and political figure of the Revolution.	Louis Pierre Manuel	French
native language	Henri Béraud (21 September 1885 in Lyon -- 24 October 1958 in Saint-Clément-des-Baleines) was a French novelist and journalist.	Henri Béraud	French
native language	Dieter Möhrmann (born 1948) is a German politician in the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) and deputy speaker in the Lower Saxony State Parliament.	Dieter Möhrmann	German
native language	André Léon Blum (ɑ̃dʁe leɔ̃ blum) (BLOOM) (9 April 1872 -- 30 March 1950) was a French politician, identified with the moderate left, and three times Prime Minister of France.	Léon Blum	French
native language	Pierre Alféri (French: (alfeʁi); born 1963) is a French novelist, poet, and essayist.	Pierre Alféri	French
native language	Édouard Balladur (French: (e.dwaʁ ba.la.dyʁ); born 2 May 1929) is a French politician who served as Prime Minister of France under François Mitterrand from 29 March 1993 to 10 May 1995.	Édouard Balladur	French
native language	Antoine Jacques Claude Joseph, comte Boulay de la Meurthe (19 February 1761 -- 4 February 1840), was a French politician and magistrate.	Antoine Jacques Claude Joseph, comte Boulay de la Meurthe	French
native language	Franck Venaille (born 1936 in Paris) is a French poet and writer.	Franck Venaille	French
native language	Pierre Mazeaud (born 24 August 1929 in Lyon) is a French jurist, politician and alpinist.	Pierre Mazeaud	French
native language	Franck Dubosc (born 7 November 1963) is a French actor, comedian and stand-up artist.	Franck Dubosc	French
native language	Joséphine de Meaux (born 23 January 1977) is a French actress and director.	Joséphine de Meaux	French
native language	Christine Fabréga (April 8, 1931 in Paris -- June 11, 1988) was a French actress and television personality.	Christine Fabréga	French
native language	Joann Sfar (French pronunciation: ​(ʒoan sfaʁ); born 28 August 1971) is a French comics artist, comic book creator, novelist, and film director.	Joann Sfar	French
native language	Jürgen Klimke (born 2 July 1948 in Hamburg) is a German politician and member of the conservative party CDU - Christian Democratic Union of Germany (German: Christlich Demokratische Union Deutschlands).	Jürgen Klimke	German
native language	Prince Jules de Polignac, 3rd Duke of Polignac (Auguste Jules Armand Marie; French pronunciation: ​(ʒyl.də.pɔ.li.ɲak) ; 14 May 1780 -- 2 March 1847), was a French statesman.	Jules de Polignac	French
native language	Hans Böckler (26 February 1875 -- 16 February 1951) was a German politician and union leader.	Hans Böckler	German
occupation	Roberto Juarroz (Coronel Dorrego 1925--1995 Temperley) was an Argentine poet famous for his ``Poesía vertical'' (Vertical poetry).	Roberto Juarroz	poet
occupation	Cathie Marsh (17 February 1951 - 1 January 1993) was a sociologist and statistician.	Cathie Marsh	sociologist
occupation	Abraham Kaplan (June 11, 1918 -- June 19, 1993) was an American philosopher, known best for being the first philosopher to systematically examine the behavioral sciences in his book The Conduct of Inquiry (1964).	Abraham Kaplan	philosopher
occupation	Paul Mauffray is an American conductor and laureat of the 2007 Bartók International Opera Conducting Competition and 1996 Freedman Conducting Competition.	Paul Mauffray	conductor
occupation	Maria Goodavage is a journalist and editor, and author of two New York Times Best Selling books about military dogs.	Maria Goodavage	journalist
occupation	Sarah Stock (born March 4, 1979) is a Canadian professional wrestler, currently signed to WWE as a trainer.	Sarah Stock	professional wrestler
occupation	Jonathan Mannion (born December 3, 1970) is a noted photographer and film director.	Jonathan Mannion	photographer
occupation	Christopher Richard Jones (born June 23, 1984), better known by his stage name Jonezen, is an American rapper, songwriter, actor and guitarist.	Jonezen	rapper
occupation	Nacha Guevara (born Clotilde Acosta, October 3, 1940) is an Argentine singer-songwriter, dancer and actress from Mar de Plata, Buenos Aires province.	Nacha Guevara	singer
occupation	John Leland Atwood (October 26, 1904 -- March 5, 1999) was a prominent engineer and executive in the aerospace industry.	John Leland Atwood	engineer
occupation	Manuel Rivera-Ortiz (born December 23, 1968) is a stateside Puerto Rican photographer.	Manuel Rivera-Ortiz	photographer
occupation	Stephan Weyte, is a voice actor in computer games, one of his more well known roles was as the voice for the main character Caleb in the computer game Blood and its sequel Blood II:	Stephan Weyte	voice actor
occupation	Mike South (born December 26, 1957), is an American pornographic actor, director, blogger and pornography gossip columnist.	Mike South	actor	blogger
occupation	Mary Emilie Holmes (April 10, 1850 -- February 13, 1906) was a 19th-century American geologist and educator who became the first woman to be elected a fellow of the Geological Society of America.	Mary Emilie Holmes	geologist
occupation	Josephine Riley, usually Jo Riley, is a British writer, translator, theatre actor, and schoolteacher.	Jo Riley	translator
occupation	James M. Northup (October 8, 1820 -- October 20, 1899) was an American farmer, merchant, banker and politician from New York.	James M. Northup	politician
occupation	Gustaf Wilhelm Hammar (Gustav Vilhelm Hammar) (June 22, 1893 -- August 19 1954) was a Swedish-born American experimental physicist.	Gustaf Wilhelm Hammar	physicist
occupation	Manuel Ricardo Palma Soriano (February 7, 1833 -- October 6, 1919) was a Peruvian author, scholar, librarian and politician.	Ricardo Palma	librarian
occupation	Larry Nickel (born March 12, 1952) is a Canadian composer, conductor, music publisher and singer who devotes much of his focus to choral music.	Larry Nickel	composer
occupation	Kinda Hibrawi (Arabic: كندة هبراوي‎) (born June 11, 1978) is a Syrian American artist.	Kinda Hibrawi	artist
occupation	Vinal G. Good (January 6, 1906 - December 23, 2000) was an American politician and lawyer from Maine.	Vinal G. Good	politician
occupation	Gordon Matta-Clark (born Gordon Roberto Echaurren Matta; June 22, 1943 -- August 27, 1978) was an American artist best known for his site-specific artworks he made in the 1970s.	Gordon Matta-Clark	artist
occupation	Chris Sagona is an American journalist and the winner of the 2005 Society of Professional Journalists' Award for Best Feature Writing.	Chris Sagona	journalist
occupation	Rock Allen (born September 5, 1981 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a boxer in the Welterweight division.	Rock Allen	boxer
occupation	Eri Jabotinsky (Hebrew: ערי ז'בוטינסקי‎, also transliterated Ari, December 26, 1910 -- June 6, 1969) was a Revisionist Zionist activist, Israeli politician and academic mathematician.	Eri Jabotinsky	politician	mathematician
occupation	Allyson Kay Duncan (born September 5, 1951, in Durham, North Carolina) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.	Allyson Kay Duncan	judge
occupation	William Bradley Kincaid (July 13, 1895 -- September 23, 1989) was an American folk singer and radio entertainer.	Bradley Kincaid	singer
occupation	Ashley Turner is an American singer-songwriter, pianist, and vocal coach.	Ashley Turner	singer-songwriter
occupation	Phillip Nixon (also known as Philip Nixon or Phil Nixon) is a British composer and graphic designer for video games.	Phillip Nixon	composer
occupation	Hugo Falcandus was a historian who chronicled the reign of William I of Sicily and the minority of his son William II in a highly critical work entitled The History of the Tyrants of Sicily (or Liber de Regno Sicilie).	Hugo Falcandus	historian
occupation	Pablo Salazar Mendiguchía (born in Soyaló, Chiapas, on August 9, 1954) is a Mexican politician and ex-governor.	Pablo Salazar Mendiguchía	politician
occupation	Arwut Chinnapasaen (Thai: อาวุธ ชินนภาแสน; born December 3, 1980) is a Thai former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Arwut Chinnapasaen	swimmer
occupation	Jean-Luc Bilodeau (born November 4, 1990) is a Canadian actor who has been acting since 2004.	Jean-Luc Bilodeau	actor
occupation	Hellmut Lantschner (November 11, 1909 -- July 4, 1993) was an Austrian and German alpine skier and world champion.	Hellmut Lantschner	alpine skier
occupation	Maestro Curtis, also known as Maestro Brian, is an American musician, composer, arranger, educator, author, and sound alchemist (sound healing).	Maestro Curtis	musician	composer
occupation	Shepperd Strudwick (September 22, 1907 -- January 15, 1983) was an American actor of film, television and stage.	Shepperd Strudwick	actor
occupation	Edward Salisbury Dana (November 16, 1849 -- June 16, 1935) was an American mineralogist and physicist.	Edward Salisbury Dana	physicist
occupation	John R. Buckley (born January 1, 1932 in Rockland, Massachusetts) is an American politician who served as Massachusetts Secretary of Administration and Finance from 1975 to 1979, member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1965 to 1975, and Abington, Massachusetts Town Treasurer from 1961 to 1965.	John R. Buckley	politician
occupation	Pushkar Shrotri is a Marathi, Hindi film & theatre actor.	Pushkar Shrotri	actor
occupation	Lenny Von Dohlen (born December 22, 1958) is an American film, television and stage actor, known for his performance as architect Miles Harding in the film Electric Dreams and as the orchid-growing agoraphobic Harold Smith in the television series Twin Peaks.	Lenny Von Dohlen	actor
occupation	Ann Wynia (née Jobe, born September 29, 1943) is an American politician who served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1977--1989.	Ann Wynia	politician
occupation	Jose De Jesus (born August 8, 1968 in Cayey, Puerto Rico) is a retired professional boxer in the light flyweight (108 lb) division.	Jose De Jesus	boxer
occupation	Rupert Nigel Pendrill Hadow known as Pen Hadow (born 26 February 1962), is founding director of Geo Mission Ltd, an environmental sponsorship organisation, and British polar guide and explorer.	Pen Hadow	explorer
occupation	Rudolf Maria Holzapfel (April 26, 1874, Cracow - February 8, 1930, Muri (Kanton Bern)) was a Poland-born Austrian psychologist, philosopher.	Rudolf Maria Holzapfel	psychologist	philosopher
occupation	Judith E. Glaser is an American author, academic, business executive and organizational anthropologist.	Judith E. Glaser	anthropologist
occupation	Robert Bice (March 14, 1914 -- January 8, 1968), was an American television and film actor.	Robert Bice	actor
occupation	Joseph Jastrow (January 30, 1863 -- January 8, 1944) was a Polish-born American psychologist, noted for inventions in experimental psychology, design of experiments, and psychophysics.	Joseph Jastrow	psychologist
occupation	Lev Navrozov (Russian: Лев Наврозов; born 1928 in Moscow) is a Russian author, historian and polemicist and father of poet Andrei Navrozov.	Lev Navrozov	historian
occupation	Gina Catalino (born in 1984) is a New Hampshire native singer-songwriter best known for her song, 11:32 PM.	Gina Catalino	singer-songwriter
occupation	Baldassare Calamai (Florence, November 13, 1797 - July 11, 1851) was an Italian painter, active in a neoclassical style, painting mainly historical subjects.	Baldassare Calamai	painter
occupation	Mohammad Shadab Kabir Siddiqi (born November 12, 1977, Karachi, Sindh) is a Pakistani cricketer who played in 5 Tests and 3 ODIs from 1996 to 2002.	Shadab Kabir	cricketer
occupation	Damodran Nair is a former Fijian politician of Indian descent, who held the Tavua Open Constituency in the House of Representatives for the Fiji Labour Party (FLP) in a by election on 17 January 2004 following the death of the incumbent, Pravin Singh, in an automobile accident in late 2003.	Damodran Nair	politician
occupation	Galen Hadley (born March 9, 1942, in Lincoln, Nebraska) is an American politician who is a member the Nebraska Legislature, serving as Speaker of the Nebraska Legislature since January 2015.	Galen Hadley	politician
occupation	Aaron Feldman is an American professional photographer, best known as the founder and CEO of True Photography Weddings, the largest wedding photo business in San Diego, California.	Aaron Feldman	photographer
occupation	Irvin Alberti is an actor and humourist from the Dominican Republic.	Irvin Alberti	actor
occupation	Seiran Khatlamadjian (Armenian: Սեյրան Խաթլամաջյան or Սէյրան Խաթլամաճեան; April 20, 1937 - September 14, 1994) was a prominent Armenian painter, graphic artist, and public figure.	Seiran Khatlamadjian	painter
occupation	Aleksander Lesser (May 13, 1814 -- March 13, 1884) was a Polish painter, illustrator, sketch artist, art critic, and amateur researcher of antiquities who was of Jewish descent.	Aleksander Lesser	painter
occupation	Tom Spezialy is an American television producer, director and screen writer.	Tom Spezialy	writer
occupation	Lucius Quinctius Flamininus (died 170 BC) was a Roman politician and general who served as consul in 192 BC alongside Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus.	Lucius Quinctius Flamininus	politician
occupation	Katherine Bucknell (born 1957 in Saigon) is an American scholar and novelist who resides in England.	Katherine Bucknell	novelist
occupation	Agostino Mitelli (March 16, 1609 -- August 2, 1660) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period and best known as a fresco painter of quadratura or illusionistic perspectival architectural frameworks.	Agostino Mitelli	painter
occupation	Lawrence Alan Eyre (b.Leeds, 1930) is a British-born Jamaican geographer and environmentalist.	Alan Eyre	geographer
occupation	Yoni Cohen-Idov (born May 31, 1980) is an Israeli debater and journalist.	Yoni Cohen-Idov	journalist
occupation	Sonia Marie De León de Vega (born January 19, 1964) is an American orchestral conductor.	Sonia Marie De León de Vega	conductor
occupation	Shirley Kellogg (born 1888) was an American actress and singer who found greater success in Britain than in America, mostly in revue.	Shirley Kellogg	singer
occupation	Pierre Clereau (died before 11 January 1570) was a French composer, choirmaster, and possibly organist of the Renaissance, active in several towns in Lorraine, including Toul and Nancy.	Pierre Clereau	composer
occupation	Jared Hamman (born March 7, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the World Series of Fighting's Middleweight division.	Jared Hamman	mixed martial artist
occupation	Arsen Gevorgyan (Armenian: Արսէն Գևորգյան, born June 1, 1975 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian retired judoka.	Arsen Gevorgyan	judoka
occupation	Abdulaziz Al-Hamidi (born September 16, 1987 in Kuwait) is a Kuwaiti basketball player who plays for the Kuwaiti National team.	Abdulaziz Al-Hamidi	basketball player
occupation	Zena Stein is a South African epidemiologist, activist and doctor.	Zena Stein	epidemiologist
occupation	Dody Weston Thompson (April 11, 1923 -- October 14, 2012) was a 20th-century American photographer and chronicler of the history and craft of photography.	Dody Weston Thompson	photographer
occupation	Amade Camal (born 1956) is a Mozambican politician and Muslim activist.	Amade Camal	politician
occupation	Ron Oden (born March 21, 1950) is an American, openly gay politician.	Ron Oden	politician
occupation	Herbert Thomas Mandl (August 18, 1926 - February 22, 2007) was a Czechoslovak-German-Jewish author, concert violinist, professor of music, philosopher, inventor and lecturer.	Herbert Thomas Mandl	author	philosopher
occupation	Sharon Gannon (born July 4, 1951 in Washington, D.C.) is a yoga teacher, animal rights advocate, musician, author, dancer/choreographer and painter.	Sharon Gannon	musician
occupation	Carol Goar is a Canadian journalist and currently an editorial columnist for the Toronto Star.	Carol Goar	journalist
occupation	Jared Potter Kirtland (November 10, 1793 -- December 10, 1877) was a naturalist, malacologist, and politician most active in the U.S. state of Ohio, where he served as a probate judge, and in the Ohio House of Representatives.	Jared Potter Kirtland	malacologist	politician
occupation	Reymarvi Rojas Velazco, better known as Beba Rojas (born September 25, 1975) is a Venezuelan actress, model and comedian.	Beba Rojas	comedian
occupation	Tom Eyen (August 14, 1940 -- May 26, 1991) was an American playwright, lyricist, television writer and theatre director.	Tom Eyen	theatre director
occupation	Spookey Ruben (born Alan Deil) is a Canadian musician and experimental filmmaker.	Spookey Ruben	musician
occupation	Mike Kungl is an American painter of Disney Fine Art who has also worked as a graphic designer on many multinational advertising campaigns for companies like Panasonic, Johnson & Johnson, Toshiba, Sony, Warner Bros. Television and Bank of America.	Mike Kungl	painter
occupation	Andrew Hindes (born May 1, 1958) is an American writer and former journalist who has worked for more than 30 years in the entertainment industry.	Andrew Hindes	journalist
occupation	Suchitra Krishnamoorthi is an Indian actress, writer, painter and singer.	Suchitra Krishnamoorthi	painter
occupation	Jim J. Bullock (sometimes credited as Jm J. Bullock) (born February 9, 1955) is an American actor.	Jim J. Bullock	actor
occupation	Jay Wade Edwards (born September 12, 1968) is an American film director and editor.	Jay Wade Edwards	film director
occupation	Charles La Rocque, also spelled Larocque, (November 15, 1809 -- July 15, 1875) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and third Bishop of Saint-Hyacinthe from 1866 to 1875.	Charles La Rocque	priest
occupation	Larri Passos (born December 30, 1957) is a Brazilian tennis coach most recognized for being coach of the tennis player Gustavo Kuerten.	Larri Passos	tennis player
occupation	Florence Warner (born March 22, 1947 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American singer who has worked mainly in recordings of TV commercials, including the ``Hello News'' image campaign from Gari Communications.	Florence Warner	singer
occupation	Artur Kuciapski (born December 26, 1993) is a Polish middle distance runner, who specializes in the 800 metres.	Artur Kuciapski	middle distance runner
occupation	Edward H. Edgerton (August 31, 1863 -- July 7, 1934) was a Vermont businessman, lawyer, judge, and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate.	Edward H. Edgerton	lawyer	politician
occupation	Erick Ray Evans (December 29, 1945 -- August 21, 1999) was an American actor best known for his part as David Theroux in the BBC science-fiction drama Star Cops.	Erick Ray Evans	actor
occupation	Mourad Ait Ouarab is an Algerian handball coach of the Algerian national team.	Mourad Ait Ouarab	handball coach
occupation	Jouko Ahola (born December 1, 1970) is a Finnish former strongman, power-lifter and actor.	Jouko Ahola	actor
occupation	Mohamed Rabbae (Berrechid (Morocco), March 8, 1941) is a Dutch politician and activist of Moroccan descent.	Mohamed Rabbae	politician
occupation	Alena Matejka (Alena Matějková) (born January 26, 1966 in Jindřichův Hradec) is a Czech sculptor and glass designer.	Alena Matejka	sculptor
occupation	Azeem Ghumman (Urdu: عظیم گھمن‎)(born January 24, 1991) is a Pakistani cricketer.	Azeem Ghumman	cricketer
occupation	Tony Kehl (born October 21, 1942) is a college football coach, who served as the head coach of the Sonoma State Cossacks from 1982 to 1986.	Tony Kehl	head coach
occupation	Glenn O'Loughlin (born 4 July 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Glenn O'Loughlin	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Béla Dankó (born May 13, 1969) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Szarvas (Békés County Constituency V) from 2010 to 2014, and for Békés (Békés County Constituency II) since 2014.	Béla Dankó	politician
occupation	Eliyahu Nawi (Hebrew: אליהו נאוי‎; June 22, 1920 -- November 16, 2012) was a judge, lawyer, poet, politician, Bible investigator, and mayor of Beersheba.	Eliyahu Nawi	poet	politician
occupation	Denisse Fajardo García (born July 1, 1964 in Lima) is a former Peruvian volleyball player, and a three-time Olympian for her native country.	Denisse Fajardo	volleyball player
occupation	Gary Beals (born October 25, 1982 in Halifax, Nova Scotia) is a Canadian singer who is best known for being the second-place finisher in the first season of the reality television series Canadian Idol.	Gary Beals	singer
occupation	Richard John Walters (born November 15, 1961) is an American film and television actor, best known for playing Harry Warden in the 2009 horror film, My Bloody Valentine 3D.	Richard John Walters	actor
occupation	David Shore (born July 3, 1959) is a Canadian writer, and former lawyer, best known for his work writing and producing in television.	David Shore	writer	lawyer
occupation	Felicity Kenvyn (known as Lissa Evans) is a British television director, producer and author.	Lissa Evans	television director
occupation	Hizaki (stylized as HIZAKI) is a Japanese visual kei musician, songwriter and record producer.	Hizaki	musician
occupation	Luigi Chinetti (July 17, 1901 -- August 17, 1994) was an Italian-born racecar driver, who emigrated to the United States during World War II and became an American citizen.	Luigi Chinetti	racecar driver
occupation	Iraj Kaboli (Persian: ایرج کابلی‎; born April 12, 1938) is an Iranian writer, linguist and translator.	Iraj Kaboli	writer	linguist	translator
occupation	Colin Grzanna is a German international rugby union player, playing for the Berliner RC in the Rugby-Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team.	Colin Grzanna	rugby union player
occupation	Pedro Luís Pereira de Sousa (December 13, 1839 -- July 16, 1884) was a Brazilian poet, politician, orator and lawyer, adept of the ``Condorist'' movement.	Pedro Luís Pereira de Sousa	politician
occupation	Zhao Xijin (赵喜进) is a Chinese paleontologist notable for having named numerous dinosaurs.	Zhao Xijin	paleontologist
occupation	FM Le Sieur is a Canadian musician and composer.	FM Le Sieur	composer
occupation	Ivo Lill (born June 24, 1953 in Tallinn) is an Estonian glass artist.	Ivo Lill	artist
occupation	Rick Brinkley is a minister and former Republican politician from Oklahoma who was a member of the Oklahoma Senate.	Rick Brinkley	politician
occupation	Nathan Altshiller Court (1881-1968) was a Polish-American mathematician, a geometer in particular and author of the famous book College Geometry - An Introduction to the Modern Geometry of the Triangle and the Circle.	Nathan Altshiller Court	mathematician
occupation	Alberto Cobos Periañez is a Spanish paleontologist.	Alberto Cobos	paleontologist
occupation	Graham Dorrington (born in Chalfont St. Giles), is an English aeronautical engineer.	Graham Dorrington	engineer
occupation	Fanny Pieroni-Davenport was an Italian painter, active mainly in Florence, mainly of portraits.	Fanny Pieroni-Davenport	painter
occupation	Gaston Briart was a Belgian geologist and mining engineer who worked and studied rock formations at Prince Léopold mine, Kipushi, Katanga, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Gaston Briart	mining engineer
occupation	Bachi Karkaria is an Indian journalist and columnist.	Bachi Karkaria	journalist
occupation	D. Yasodha is an Indian politician and four times Member of Legislative assembly.	D. Yasodha	politician
occupation	James Thorington (May 7, 1816 - June 13, 1887) was a frontiersman, lawyer, judge, and one-term U.S. Representative from Iowa's 2nd congressional district.	James Thorington	lawyer
occupation	Mariama Potts ( née Mariama Goodman) is an English dancer and singer who has been a member of the bands Solid HarmoniE and the Honeyz.	Mariama Goodman	singer
occupation	Bruce Parkhill (born June 16, 1949) was a head college men's basketball coach whose stops included William & Mary (1977--1983) and Penn State (1983--1995).	Bruce Parkhill	basketball coach
occupation	Patricia Wentworth (born Dora Amy Elles; November 10, 1878 -- January 28, 1961) was a British crime fiction writer.	Patricia Wentworth	writer
occupation	Carolyn Hurless (November 24, 1934 -- February 13, 1987) was an American astronomer and an American Association of Variable Star Observers merit award winner.	Carolyn Hurless	astronomer
occupation	In 1933, Lütfi Kırdar took the post of an ophthalmologist at the State Hospital in Izmir.	Lütfi Kırdar	ophthalmologist
occupation	Sir Leo Fernando was a Ceylonese businessman and politician.	Leo Fernando	politician
occupation	David Stucke (born April 9, 1974 in Erie, Pennsylvania) is a physics professor and poker player.	David Stucke	poker player
occupation	Colonel Fielding Hudson Garrison, MD (November 5, 1870 -- April 18, 1935) was an acclaimed medical historian, bibliographer, and librarian of medicine.	Fielding Hudson Garrison	historian
occupation	Ismael Moreno Pino (February 15, 1927 -- August 15, 2013) was a Mexican jurist, senior diplomat and author.	Ismael Moreno Pino	diplomat
occupation	Marcus Whitman (September 4, 1802 -- November 29, 1847) was an American physician and missionary in the Oregon Country.	Marcus Whitman	physician
occupation	Ali-Ollie Woodson (September 12, 1951 -- May 30, 2010) was an American R&B singer, songwriter, keyboardist, drummer, and occasional actor who was best known for singing with The Temptations from 1984 to 1996.	Ali-Ollie Woodson	singer, songwriter
occupation	Justin Salter (born August 6, 1984) is an American musician, drummer, film composer, and record producer.	Justin Salter	musician	record producer
occupation	Francisco Mendes, nom de guerre Chico Té (February 7, 1939 -- July 7, 1978) was a Guinea-Bissau politician.	Francisco Mendes	politician
occupation	Francisca Bazalo Gallego (born May 5, 1962 in Málaga) is a Spanish wheelchair fencer.	Francisca Bazalo Gallego	fencer
occupation	Laurence Ballard is an American stage and screen actor, whose career has focused on regional theatre in the US.	Laurence Ballard	actor
occupation	Cindy Au Sin-yi began her entertainment career as a singer, and was famous for the theme song to the Cantonese version of the cartoon Chibi Maruko-chan.	Cindy Au	singer
occupation	Badia Masabni (Arabic: بديعة مصابني‎, born Wadiha Masabni Arabic: وديعة مصابني‎; 1892-1974), was an actress and belly dancer born to a Lebanese father and a Syrian mother, best known for opening a series of influential clubs in Cairo from the 1920s onward.	Badia Masabni	dancer
occupation	Charles K. Feldman (April 26, 1905 -- May 25, 1968) was a Hollywood attorney, film producer and talent agent.	Charles K. Feldman	film producer	talent agent
occupation	Jay Curtis (born 28 March 1986) is a Welsh broadcaster, columnist and actor.	Jay Curtis	actor
occupation	Zsolt V. Németh (born July 12, 1963) is a Hungarian land surveyor and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Körmend (Vas County Constituency V then III) since 1998.	Zsolt V. Németh	politician
occupation	Eftychios Vlahakis (Greek: Ευτύχιος Βλαχάκης; January 14, 1935 -- April 6, 2014), known as Van Vlahakis, was an American entrepreneur of Greek origin, regarded as a pioneer of environment-friendly cleaning products.	Van Vlahakis	entrepreneur
occupation	Elkan Bauer was an Austrian composer and friend and contemporary of Johann Strauss II born in Nikolsburg, on April 4, 1852.	Elkan Bauer	composer
occupation	LiLana (born 1985) is a Bulgarian singer and ex-TV host.	LiLana	singer
occupation	Mogaligundla Baga Reddy was an Indian politician who served as a Member of parliament for 4 terms and as a member of A.P Legislature for seven times.	Mogaligundla Baga Reddy	politician
occupation	Philip Riker, III (born September 16, 1946) is an American former competition swimmer.	Philip Riker	swimmer
occupation	N. Katravas (Greek: Ν. Κατραβάς) was a Greek swimmer.	N. Katravas	swimmer
occupation	Melissa Hauschildt (née Rollison, born 13 April 1983 in Adelaide) is an Australian professional triathlete and former middle distance runner, who specialised in steeplechase.	Melissa Hauschildt	triathlete
occupation	Fritz Eichenberg (October 24, 1901 -- November 30, 1990) was a German-American illustrator and arts educator who worked primarily in wood engraving.	Fritz Eichenberg	illustrator
occupation	Maria Socorro Ledesma (born March 16, 1955), better known as Kuh Ledesma, is a Filipino pop and jazz singer, actress, (painter) model and fashion designer.	Kuh Ledesma	singer
occupation	Giusto di Alemagna (or Justus d'Alemanno), a German painter, who practised at Genoa in the 15th century.	Giusto di Alemagna	painter
occupation	Dero Goi (born April 16, 1970), is a German musician, poet, and writer.	Dero Goi	poet	writer
occupation	Frances Rings is an Indigenous Australian dancer, choreographer and television presenter.	Frances Rings	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Dr. Elbert Dysart Botts (January 2, 1893 -- April 10, 1962) was the California Department of Transportation (Caltrans) engineer credited with overseeing the research that led to the development of Botts' dots and possibly the epoxy used to attach them to the road.	Elbert Dysart Botts	engineer
occupation	Daniel Brainard (May 15, 1812 -- October 10, 1866) was a Chicago-based surgeon and founder of Rush Medical College.	Daniel Brainard	surgeon
occupation	Elmer Ambrose Sperry, Sr. (October 12, 1860 -- June 16, 1930) was an American inventor and entrepreneur, most famous as co-inventor, with Herman Anschütz-Kaempfe of the gyrocompass.	Elmer Ambrose Sperry	inventor
occupation	Damon DiMarco (born October 16, 1971), is a New York City author, actor, playwright, and historian.	Damon DiMarco	actor	historian
occupation	Paul Rachman (born in New York, New York, on September 13, 1962) is an American film director who directed the highly praised 2006 documentary on punk music American Hardcore, which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and was released by Sony Pictures Classics.	Paul Rachman	film director
occupation	Alicia Bridges (born July 15, 1953) is an American singer who co-wrote and performed her international hit ``I Love the Nightlife (Disco 'Round)'' in 1978.	Alicia Bridges	singer
occupation	Yuri Foreman (born August 5, 1980) is an Israeli professional boxer and former WBA super welterweight champion.	Yuri Foreman	boxer
occupation	Walter Bobbie (born November 18, 1945) is an American theatre director, choreographer, and occasional actor and dancer.	Walter Bobbie	choreographer	actor
occupation	Hannspeter Winter (born in Wels on August 22, 1941; died in Vienna on November 8, 2006) was an Austrian plasma physicist who did research on hollow atoms.	Hannspeter Winter	physicist
occupation	Hannah Wilke (born Arlene Hannah Butter; March 7, 1940 -- January 28, 1993) was an American painter, sculptor, photographer, video artist and performance artist.	Hannah Wilke	sculptor	artist
occupation	Professor Edward Travers, played by Jack Watling, is a fictional anthropologist and explorer who appears in two serials of the BBC television series Doctor Who and a spin-off TV movie.	Professor Edward Travers	anthropologist
occupation	Sándor Kaló (born March 16, 1944 in Egyek) is a Hungarian former handball player and coach.	Sándor Kaló	handball player
occupation	S. Tharanga (full name and details unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Singha Sports Club.	S. Tharanga	cricketer
occupation	Bebe Zeva (born May 7, 1993) is the pseudonym of Rebeccah Hershkovitz, an American fashion blogger, model, and writer based in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Bebe Zeva	model
occupation	Matt Brady (born October 1, 1965) is an American college basketball coach and the current men's basketball coach at James Madison University.	Matt Brady	basketball coach
occupation	Dan Deacon (born August 28, 1981) is an American composer and electronic musician based in Baltimore, Maryland.	Dan Deacon	composer
occupation	Johan Henrich Berlin (1741 -- 1807, Trondhjem) was a Norwegian composer and organist.	Johan Henrich Berlin	composer
occupation	Wendell P. Jones was a Canadian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick and Mayor of Woodstock, New Brunswick.	Wendell P. Jones	politician
occupation	Norberto Aroldi (1932 -- 1978) was an Argentine film actor, poet and screenwriter.	Norberto Aroldi	actor
occupation	Taimak (pronounced Tie-Mock) Guarriello (born June 27, 1964) is a martial arts actor and stuntman, best known as Leroy Green in the 1985 martial arts film The Last Dragon.	Taimak	actor
occupation	Jonathan Yates is an American conductor of the Sarah Lawrence College, Yo-Yo Ma's Silk Road Ensemble and a recipient of both Walter F. Naumburg's Chamber Music Prize and American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers award.	Jonathan Yates	conductor
occupation	George Park Fisher (August 10, 1827 - December 20, 1909) was an American theologian and historian who was noted as a teacher and a prolific writer.	George Park Fisher	historian
occupation	William Snider (October 26, 1845 -- March 1915) was a businessman and politician.	William Snider	politician
occupation	Vasiraju Prakasam is an Indian film critic, journalist and producer known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema, and has produced Tele-serials in Doordarshan.	Vasiraju Prakasam	journalist
occupation	Herbert Hoffmann (December 19, 1919 -- June 30, 2010) was a tattoo artist and a photographer.	Herbert Hoffmann	photographer
occupation	Jeremy Allison is a computer programmer known for his contributions to the free software community, notably to Samba, a re-implementation of SMB/CIFS networking protocol, released under the GNU General Public License.	Jeremy Allison	programmer
occupation	Ishai Golan (Hebrew: ישי גולן; born on November 22, 1973) is an Israeli film and television actor	Ishai Golan	actor
occupation	Henry Machyn (1496/1498 -- 1563) was an English clothier and diarist in 16th century London.	Henry Machyn	diarist
occupation	Andy Karl (born Andrew Cesewski) is an American actor and singer, best known for performing in musical theatre.	Andy Karl	actor
occupation	Sunkara Venkata Adinarayana Rao (born June 30, 1939) is an Indian orthopaedic surgeon noted for his work with the poor and needy.	Sunkara Venkata Adinarayana Rao	surgeon
occupation	Steve Schalchlin (born October 4, 1953) is an American songwriter, actor and musician.	Steve Schalchlin	songwriter
occupation	It was through Lord Ranelagh and the painter Frank Miles that I was first introduced to London society...	Frank Miles	painter
occupation	Matt West is a choreographer and actor.	Matt West	choreographer
occupation	Drew Karpyshyn (born July 28, 1971) is a Canadian video game scenario writer, scriptwriter and novelist.	Drew Karpyshyn	writer
occupation	Davey Ray Moor is an England-based songwriter, singer, multi-instrumentalist, composer and producer.	Davey Ray Moor	singer	composer
occupation	John Goldston (fl. 1397), of Chichester, Sussex, was an English politician.	John Goldston	politician
occupation	Maxim Kozlov is a Russian-born cellist who holds American citizenship and has held several principal cellist positions, including the Chamber Orchestra Kremlin, the South Dakota Symphony Orchestra, and has also occasionally served as principal cellist with various other orchestras.	Maxim Kozlov	cellist
occupation	William J. Cousins (January 25, 1924 -- July 31, 2013) was an American sociologist who led international urban community development, taught sociology and race relations at several colleges, and wrote a number of books and articles on international community development.	William J. Cousins	sociologist
occupation	Rohail Hyatt (Urdu: روحیل حیات), is a Pakistani record producer, keyboardist, and composer.	Rohail Hyatt	record producer
occupation	Rob Woodard is a novelist, poet and painter who lives in Long Beach, California.	Rob Woodard	novelist
occupation	Danny Dayton (born Daniel David Segall, November 20, 1923 -- February 6, 1999) was an American actor and television director.	Danny Dayton	actor	television director
occupation	Eddie Payne is an American college basketball coach and current head men's basketball coach at the University of South Carolina Upstate.	Eddie Payne	basketball coach
occupation	Ted Casablanca (born Bruce Wallace Bibby; November 20, 1960) is an American entertainment journalist and gossip columnist.	Ted Casablanca	journalist
occupation	Thomas John Bentley (May 3, 1891 -- June 2, 1983) was a Canadian politician, agrologist, farmer and organizer.	Thomas John Bentley	politician
occupation	Rhys Bobridge, also known as Rhys, is an Australian pop singer, dancer and make-up artist based in Sydney, New South Wales.	Rhys Bobridge	singer
occupation	Michael J. Wingfield is a South African botanist and pathologist.	Michael J. Wingfield	botanist	pathologist
occupation	Peter Lawson Jones is an African-American actor and politician of the Democratic party.	Peter Lawson Jones	politician
occupation	Dana Olsen is an American actor, film producer and screenwriter.	Dana Olsen	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Faouze Barkati is a French music producer and songwriter working with Yanis Records France and credited for popularizing the kuduro music and dance in Europe worldwide.	Faouze Barkati	songwriter
occupation	Randy Parton (born December 15, 1953) is an American singer-songwriter, actor and businessman, best known as the brother of Dolly Parton and Stella Parton.	Randy Parton	singer-songwriter	actor
occupation	Didem Erol, also known as Dana Flynn is an Australian-born Turkish American actress, model, and TV host.	Didem Erol	model
occupation	John Varoli is an American public relations practitioner, who worked as a journalist in Russia from 1997 to 2010.	John Varoli	journalist
occupation	Aaron Sanders (born April 16, 1996) is an American actor, widely known for his roles as Morgan Corinthos in the soap-opera General Hospital and as Ethan in the movie No Greater Love.	Aaron Sanders	actor
occupation	Abraham Orellana (born June 16, 1989), better known as his stage name AraabMuzik is an American record producer and disc jockey.	AraabMuzik	record producer
occupation	Yuni Shara is an Indonesian singer, she is the elder sister of singer Krisdayanti.	Yuni Shara	singer
occupation	Timothy J. Anderson is a writer, classical singer, actor and composer.	Timothy J. Anderson	singer
occupation	Devon Lehr is an American television writer and screenwriter.	Devon Lehr	screenwriter
occupation	Sigurd Maseng (born March 1, 1894 - died April 20, 1952) was a diplomat in the Norwegian Foreign Service.	Sigurd Maseng	diplomat
occupation	John Michael Graham is an actor known for his role in the 1978 classic John Carpenter horror movie Halloween as Bob Simms, the boyfriend of P.J. Soles's character.	John Michael Graham	actor
occupation	Maha Hassan is a Syrian-Kurdish journalist and novelist.	Maha Hassan	journalist	novelist
occupation	Jill Rappaport (born September 27, 1964) is an American journalist, animal advocate, and author.	Jill Rappaport	journalist
occupation	Francis Henry Maynard, known as Frank H. Maynard (December 16, 1853 -- March 28, 1926), was an old-time cowboy of the American West who claimed authorship of the revised version of the well-known ballad ``The Streets of Laredo''.	Frank H. Maynard	cowboy
occupation	T. F. Chen (陳錦芳, Chen Tsing-fang), born June 2, 1936, is a painter, art historian, writer, and philosopher.	T. F. Chen	painter	art historian
occupation	Ralph Sall is an American record producer, music supervisor, composer, songwriter, and screenwriter.	Ralph Sall	composer	songwriter
occupation	Carol Reardon is an American military historian with a concentration in Civil War and Vietnam eras.	Carol Reardon	military historian
occupation	Meenakshi Jain is an Indian political scientist and historian sympathetic to Hindu revivalism and Hindu nationalism.	Meenakshi Jain	historian
occupation	Joan Kemp-Welch (1906--1999) was a British stage and film actress, who later went on to become a television director.	Joan Kemp-Welch	television director
occupation	Nayef Rashed is a Middle-Eastern actor living in the United Kingdom.	Nayef Rashed	actor
occupation	Junes Ipaktschi (born October 25, 1940 in Tabriz, Iran) is an Iranian-German organic chemist and professor of the Department of Organic Chemistry at the University of Giessen.	Junes Ipaktschi	chemist
occupation	Mary Goldring OBE is a British business journalist and broadcaster.	Mary Goldring	journalist
occupation	Henry Fell (fl. 1672), was a Quaker missionary and writer.	Henry Fell	missionary
occupation	Alexander Brattell is a British photographer best known for his abstract monochrome fine art prints which examine the role of visual perception in non-verbal thought.	Alexander Brattell	photographer
occupation	Brad Michael Batory (born January 16, 1984), known professionally as Indashio, is an international celebrity fashion designer, TV personality, entrepreneur, Humanitarian, and stylist.	Indashio	entrepreneur
occupation	Hamid Ullah Afsar was an eminent Indian Urdu poet and writer.	Hamid Ullah Afsar	writer
occupation	Dante Pazzanese (December 31, 1900 -- January 9, 1975) was a noted Italian-Brazilian physician and cardiovascular surgeon of São Paulo, the founder of the Institute of Cardiology of the State of São Paulo, which now bears his name.	Dante Pazzanese	surgeon
occupation	Olivio Sòzzi or Sozzi (1696, Palermo -- 1765, Spaccaforno) was an Italian painter, active in Sicily during the Rococo period.	Olivio Sòzzi	painter
occupation	Justine Lumumba Kasule is a Ugandan educator and politician.	Justine Lumumba Kasule	politician
occupation	Toni Eggert is a German luger who has competed since 2008.	Toni Eggert	luger
occupation	William Bulkeley (ca. 1500-1575/1576), of Beaumaris, Anglesey, was a Welsh politician.	William Bulkeley	politician
occupation	Rowby-John Rodriguez (born 27 March 1994) is an Austrian darts player currently playing in the Professional Darts Corporation.	Rowby-John Rodriguez	darts player
occupation	Ilana Avital (Hebrew: אילנה אביטל‎; born February 18, 1960) is an Israeli singer and actress.	Ilana Avital	singer
occupation	Giles Reaves is a multi-instrumentalist sound artist and audio engineer who has composed albums of space music.	Giles Reaves	audio engineer
occupation	Paul Biondi, from Long Island, New York, USA, is a composer for television and guitar teacher.	Paul Biondi	composer
occupation	Dena Landon, (born November 18, 1977), is a children's fiction fantasy writer, who wrote Shapeshifter's Quest in 2005.	Dena Landon	writer
occupation	Don Morrow (born January 29, 1927) is an American actor and announcer.	Don Morrow	actor
occupation	Puru Chibber is an Indian television actor best known for playing the role of Hameer Rizvi in Yash Raj Films's crime drama Khotey Sikkey on Sony TV and Sachin Manav Deshmukh in television show Pavitra Rishta.	Puru Chibber	actor
occupation	Mercedes de Acosta (March 1, 1893 -- May 9, 1968) was an American poet, playwright, and novelist.	Mercedes de Acosta	poet	novelist
occupation	Corinne Gibbons, is an Australian singer-songwriter active in the global independent music scene.	Corinne Gibbons	singer
occupation	Eric Fogel (born July 8, 1969) is an American director, writer, animator, producer, and voice actor who is best known as the creator of Celebrity Deathmatch.	Eric Fogel	voice actor
occupation	Dusán Mukics (Slovene: Dušan Mukič, born May 11, 1981) is a Slovene reporter, journalist, musician, poet and translator.	Dusán Mukics	journalist
occupation	Anthony Lun is a Hong Kong songwriter, arranger, musical director and singer who sings in Cantonese, Mandarin, Japanese and English.	Anthony Lun	singer
occupation	Carol Wax (born June 17, 1953) is an American artist and author whom the New York Times called ``a virtuoso printmaker and art historian'' for her work in mezzotint and her writings on the history and technique of that medium.	Carol Wax	printmaker	art historian
occupation	Tony Fletcher (born April 27, 1964) is a music journalist best known for his biographies of drummer Keith Moon and the band R.E.M..	Tony Fletcher	journalist
occupation	Anastacia Lyn Newkirk (born September 17, 1968) is an American singer-songwriter, producer and former dancer.	Anastacia	singer-songwriter
occupation	Oreste Silvestri (Pollone in Vercelli, September 5, 1858 -- Milan, November 24, 1936) was an Italian painter.	Oreste Silvestri	painter
occupation	Claudia Lee (born June 20, 1996) is an American actress, singer and songwriter best known for her role as Magnolia Breeland on the CW comedy-drama, Hart of Dixie.	Claudia Lee	singer and songwriter
occupation	Sukumar Hansda is an Indian politician and the ex Minister for Paschimanchal Unnayan Affairs in the Government of West Bengal.	Sukumar Hansda	politician
occupation	George Gaul (September 22, 1885 - October 6, 1939) was an American stage actor in the first half of the 20th century.	George Gaul	actor
occupation	Călin Gruia (born Chiril Gurduz; March 21, 1915 -- July 9, 1989) was a Romanian writer, author mainly of children's fairy tales and poems.	Călin Gruia	writer
occupation	Secundus the Silent (2nd century AD) was a Cynic or Neopythagorean philosopher who lived in Athens in the early 2nd century, who had taken a vow of silence.	Secundus the Silent	philosopher
occupation	Barbro Holmberg (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈbarbroː ˈhɔlmˈbærj); born April 7, 1952) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician.	Barbro Holmberg	politician
occupation	Joseph Kaven CBE is a Papua New Guinean physician who works at Nonga Base Hospital, Rabaul, East New Britain.	Joseph Kaven	physician
occupation	Dean Haglund (born July 29, 1965) is a Canadian actor, known for the role of Richard ``Ringo'' Langly, one of The Lone Gunmen on The X-Files.	Dean Haglund	actor
occupation	Gopal Prasad Sinha is an Indian neurologist, politician and a member of the Institutional Ethical Committee of the Indian Council of Medical Research.	Gopal Prasad Sinha	neurologist
occupation	Nityalila Saulo, or plainly Nityalila, is an independent Filipino singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.	Nityalila	singer
occupation	Rudolf Buitendach (or Rudolf B.) is a South African born film director and editor.	Rudolf Buitendach	film director
occupation	Thomas Moigne (by 1510-1537), of Willingham, Lincolnshire, was an English politician, executed for his part in the Lincolnshire Rising.	Thomas Moigne	politician
occupation	Alma Joslyn Whiffen-Barksdale (October 25, 1916 -- July 5, 1981) was a U.S. mycologist who discovered cycloheximide.	Alma Joslyn Whiffen-Barksdale	mycologist
occupation	Visitacion Parado (born July 2, 1961), better known by her screen name Tetchie Agbayani, is a Filipino movie and television actress, Mutya ng Pilipinas, psychology instructor and Playboy model.	Tetchie Agbayani	model
occupation	Yisrael Mordecai Safeek (i/ˈsɑːfɛk ˈɪzriːəl/) is an American physician, health care executive, and patient safety champion.	Yisrael Mordecai Safeek	physician
occupation	Harrison Tare Okiri (born March 30, 1981), better known by his stage name Harrysong, is a Nigerian singer, songwriter and instrumentalist who rose to fame after his tribute song to Nelson Mandela won the ``Most Downloaded Callertune Award'' at The Headies 2013.	Harrysong	singer	songwriter
occupation	Charlie Kemp is a British actor who is best remembered for playing the young character Max King in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale in 2005.	Charlie Kemp	actor
occupation	Thomas Sterling North (November 4, 1906 -- December 21, 1974), who used Sterling North professionally, was an American writer.	Sterling North	writer
occupation	Joe Louis Walker, also known as JLW (born December 25, 1949) is an American musician, best known as an electric blues guitarist, singer, songwriter and producer.	Joe Louis Walker	musician	singer, songwriter
occupation	Juan Atilio Bramuglia (January 1, 1903 -- September 4, 1962) was an Argentine labor lawyer who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs during the administration of President Juan Perón.	Juan Atilio Bramuglia	lawyer
occupation	Craig Norris is a Canadian rock singer and radio personality.	Craig Norris	singer
occupation	Ilias Kanchan (Bengali: ইলিয়াস কাঞ্চন) is a Bangladeshi film actor who appeared in more than 300 films during the 1980s and 1990s.	Ilias Kanchan	actor
occupation	Joana Hadjithomas (Arabic: جوانا حاجي توما‎) is a Lebanese film director, screenwriter and producer.	Joana Hadjithomas	film director
occupation	Lavenia Padarath (née Lavenia Wainiqolo) is a former Fijian politician.	Lavenia Padarath	politician
occupation	Shane McAnally (born October 12, 1974) is an American singer, songwriter, and record producer.	Shane McAnally	singer, songwriter
occupation	Michael Souther is a Canadian television director, producer and television writer.	Michael Souther	television director
occupation	Jimmy Velvit is an American rock and roll singer, who began his career in the 1960s.	Jimmy Velvit	singer
occupation	Daniel Hesidence (b. 1975 Akron, Ohio) is an American painter who lives and works in Long Island City, New York.	Daniel Hesidence	painter
occupation	Sonya Chervonsky (born June 15, 1983 in Moscow, Russian SFSR) is an Australian judoka, who competed in the women's extra-lightweight category.	Sonya Chervonsky	judoka
occupation	Gennaro Papi (December 21, 1886 -- November 29, 1941) was an Italian conductor known for his work in the field of opera.	Gennaro Papi	conductor
occupation	Brent Key (born August 1, 1978) is an American college football coach and former player, currently the assistant head coach, offensive line coach, and recruiting coordinator of the UCF Knights.	Brent Key	head coach
occupation	Steve Blackman (born September 28, 1963) is an American martial artist and former professional wrestler.	Steve Blackman	professional wrestler
occupation	Josip Novakovich (Croatian: Novaković) is a Croatian Canadian writer.	Josip Novakovich	writer
occupation	Tatiana DeMaria, is a British multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, singer and record producer.	Tatiana DeMaria	songwriter	record producer
occupation	Russ George is an American businessman and entrepreneur best known for founding the San Francisco based firm Planktos Inc. which claims to ``restore ecosystems and slow climate change''.	Russ George	entrepreneur
occupation	Neville Brand (born Lawrence Neville Brand; August 13, 1920--April 16, 1992) was an American television and movie actor.	Neville Brand	actor
occupation	Anna May-Rychter (1864 -- 1955) was an early 20th century realist painter best remembered for her watercolors of the Holy Land.	Anna May-Rychter	painter
occupation	Mitchell Whitmore (born December 18, 1989) is an American long track speed skater from Waukesha, Wisconsin.	Mitchell Whitmore	speed skater
occupation	Kaqusha Jashari (Serbian: Каћуша Јашари/Kaćuša Jašari; born 1945), is a Kosovo Albanian politician and engineer by profession.	Kaqusha Jashari	engineer
occupation	Ebony Alleyne is an English R&B and soul singer.	Ebony Alleyne	singer
occupation	Micajah Coffin (August 18, 1734 -- May 25, 1827) was an American mariner, trader in the whaling industry and politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.	Micajah Coffin	politician
occupation	Tara Kirk (born July 12, 1982) is an American former competition swimmer and breaststroke specialist who is an Olympic silver medalist.	Tara Kirk	swimmer
occupation	Mark Povinelli (born August 9, 1971) is an American stage, television, and movie actor who also does occasional stunt work.	Mark Povinelli	actor
occupation	Asad Ullah Khan Pathan is an Indian List A cricketer.	Asad Ullah Khan Pathan	cricketer
occupation	April Ferry (born October 31, 1932) is a costume designer.	April Ferry	costume designer
occupation	Clayton Jones (born June 1, 1966) is an American editorial cartoonist based in Fredericksburg, Virginia.	Clayton Jones	cartoonist
occupation	Chris Schiller (b. January 18, 1977 in Rochester, New York) is a lacrosse player for the Rochester Knighthawks in the National Lacrosse League.	Chris Schiller	lacrosse player
occupation	Marinus Adrianus Koekkoek or Marinus Adrianus Koekkoek the elder (September 25, 1807 -- January 28, 1868) was a 19th-century Dutch landscape painter.	Marinus Adrianus Koekkoek	painter
occupation	Shery (born August 18, 1985) is a Guatemalan Latin pop singer and songwriter .	Shery	singer
occupation	Marjorie Oelrichs Duchin (June 23, 1908 -- August 3, 1937), nicknamed ``Bubbles'', was an American socialite.	Marjorie Oelrichs	socialite
occupation	Scott McCain (born Jan 15, 1958, Woodland, California, United States) is a former professional tennis player.	Scott McCain	tennis player
occupation	David Mendell is an American journalist who wrote for the Chicago Tribune until the summer of 2008.	David Mendell	journalist
occupation	Baek Sung-hyun (Hangul: 백성현; born January 30, 1989) is a South Korean actor.	Baek Sung-hyun	actor
occupation	Bobby Gunn (born December 25, 1973) is a retired boxer from Ontario, Canada.	Bobby Gunn	boxer
occupation	Thomas Sieverts (born 1934) is a German architect and urban planner.	Thomas Sieverts	architect
occupation	Win McCormack is an American publisher and editor from Oregon.	Win McCormack	publisher
occupation	Ibn Abi Ramtha al-Tamimi (Arabic: ابن أبي رمثة التميمي‎), from Banu Tamim tribe, was a physician who lived during the lifetime of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.	Ibn Abi Ramtha al-Tamimi	physician
occupation	Sir John Holland, 2nd Baronet (ca. 1669 -- by July 1724) was a British politician.	Sir John Holland, 2nd Baronet	politician
occupation	Brad Peyton (born May 27, 1978) is a Canadian-born film director, writer and television producer.	Brad Peyton	film director
occupation	Anushka Manchanda is an Indian singer, model, actress, an ex-Channel (V) -VJ and was a member of the Indian pop girl group Viva!.	Anushka Manchanda	singer
occupation	Raminta Dvariškytė (born February 1, 1990) is a Lithuanian swimmer who specialized in breaststroke events.	Raminta Dvariškytė	swimmer
occupation	Mahawaduge Dilruwan Kamalaneth Perera (born July 22, 1982, Panadura), or Dilruwan Perera, is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer, who currently plays for Tests.	Dilruwan Perera	cricketer
occupation	Allen McKenzie (born January 1, 1960, Columbus, Ohio, USA) is a rock musician.	Allen McKenzie	musician
occupation	Philip Deidesheimer was a mining engineer, active in the Western United States.	Philip Deidesheimer	mining engineer
occupation	Dyer Brainerd Holmes (May 24, 1921 -- January 11, 2013), known professionally as D. Brainerd Holmes, was an American engineer and business executive.	D. Brainerd Holmes	engineer
occupation	Isaac Burns Murphy (January 1, 1861 - February 12, 1896) was an African-American Hall of Fame jockey, who is considered one of the greatest riders in American Thoroughbred horse racing history.	Isaac Burns Murphy	jockey
occupation	Romano Kristoff was a Spanish-born B-movie actor, writer and director.	Romano Kristoff	actor
occupation	As a writer, Jim Goad has been called the ``poster boy for the transgressive school of writing.''	Jim Goad	writer
occupation	Kirsten Broberg (born April 16, 1979) is an American composer from White Bear Lake, Minnesota.	Kirsten Broberg	composer
occupation	José Cibrián (February 25, 1916 -- December 28, 2002), nicknamed Pepe, was an Argentine actor.	José Cibrián	actor
occupation	Gary Nodler (born August 10, 1950) is a Missouri politician who served as a Republican in the Missouri State Senate, where he chaired the Senate Appropriations Committee.	Gary Nodler	politician
occupation	Judith Roche is a poet and the author of three collections of poetry.	Judith Roche	poet
occupation	Kendal Conrad (born September 4, 1991) is an American country music singer-songwriter and actress.	Kendal Conrad	singer
occupation	József Szakovics, Slovene Jožef Sakovič, German orthography Joseph Sakowitsch (February 2, 1874 -- September 22, 1930), was a Slovene Roman Catholic priest and author in the Prekmurje region (then known in Hungarian as Vendvidék).	József Szakovics	Catholic priest	author
occupation	Berton Klaasen is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with Western Province in the Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup.	Berton Klaasen	rugby union player
occupation	Benjamin Kidd (1858--1916) was a British sociologist whose first job was a civil service clerk, but who, by persistent self-education, became internationally famous by the publication of his book Social Evolution in 1894.	Benjamin Kidd	sociologist
occupation	Ron Stander (born October 17, 1944) is a former professional boxer.	Ron Stander	boxer
occupation	Mark Lombardi (March 23, 1951 -- March 22, 2000) was an American neo-conceptual artist who specialized in drawings that document alleged financial and political frauds by power brokers, and in general ``the uses and abuses of power''.	Mark Lombardi	artist
occupation	Wesley Strick (born February 11, 1954) is an American screenwriter who has written such films as the comic-horror hit Arachnophobia, the Martin Scorsese remake of Cape Fear and the videogame adaptation Doom.	Wesley Strick	screenwriter
occupation	Sohail Khan (born 20 December 1969) is an Indian film actor, director and producer who works predominantly in Hindi cinema.	Sohail Khan	actor
occupation	Peter Schmidl (born January 10, 1942) is an Austrian clarinetist.	Peter Schmidl	clarinetist
occupation	In Norse mythology, Domalde, Dómaldi or Dómaldr (Old Norse possibly ``Power to Judge'') was a Swedish king of the House of Ynglings, cursed by his stepmother, according to Snorri Sturluson, with ósgæssa, ``ill-luck''.	Domalde	king
occupation	Dweezil Zappa (born September 5, 1969) is an American rock guitarist and occasional actor.	Dweezil Zappa	guitarist	actor
occupation	John Andrew Martin (April 10, 1868 -- December 23, 1939) was an American journalist, attorney, soldier, and politician, who represented Colorado in the U.S. House of Representatives.	John Andrew Martin	politician
occupation	Harbans Lal Gupta was an Indian freedom fighter and Indian politician.	Harbans Lal Gupta	politician
occupation	B.J. Crosby (November 23, 1952 -- March 27, 2015) was an American jazz vocalist, singer, and actress.	B.J. Crosby	singer
occupation	Al Bertino (July 15, 1912 -- August 18, 1996), was an American animator best remembered for his work with the Walt Disney Company Born in California in 1912, Bertino began work for Walt Disney in 1935.	Al Bertino	animator
occupation	David Rovics (born April 10, 1967) is an American indie singer/songwriter and anarchist.	David Rovics	singer
occupation	Grant Allford (born 5 December 1950) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1970s.	Grant Allford	Australian rules footballer
occupation	In 2001 Vyacheslav Butusov founded the U-Piter band with former Kino guitarist, Yuri Kasparyan.	Vyacheslav Butusov	guitarist
occupation	Ignacio Ortiz is a Mexican painter and teacher noted for his depictions of women and his work in the development of the fine arts program at the Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León.	Ignacio Ortiz	painter
occupation	Paul Collaer (June 8, 1891 -- December 10, 1989) was a Belgian musicologist, pianist, and conductor of Flemish background.	Paul Collaer	musicologist	pianist
occupation	Trevor Metz (born February 10, 1972) is a Canadian journalist, documentary narrator, radio talk show host, and columnist.	Trevor Metz	journalist
occupation	Dwane Morrison is a retired American college basketball player and coach.	Dwane Morrison	basketball player
occupation	Fanene Leifi Pita Maivia (April 6, 1937 -- June 12, 1982), born Peter Fanene Anderson, was a Samoan professional wrestler better known as Peter Maivia.	Peter Maivia	professional wrestler
occupation	Richmond Mayo-Smith (February 9, 1854 -- November 11, 1901) was an American economist noted for his work in statistics.	Richmond Mayo-Smith	economist
occupation	Luigi Baccio del Bianco or Baccio del Bianco (31 October 1604 -- July 1657) was an Italian architect, engineer, scenic designer and painter.	Luigi Baccio del Bianco	architect	painter
occupation	Edward McWade (January 14, 1865 -- May 17, 1943) was a writer, stage actor and an American film actor.	Edward McWade	actor
occupation	Rafe Furst is an entrepreneur, impact investor, writer, producer and poker player.	Rafe Furst	poker player
occupation	Lily Mazahery (born October 10, 1972) is a disbarred Iranian-American lawyer, formerly a human rights activist, and a source on Iran.	Lily Mazahery	lawyer	human rights activist
occupation	Besides the roles already mentioned of poet, historian, painter, illustrator, and anthropologist, Wendy Rose is also a teacher, researcher, consultant, editor, panelist, bibliographer, and advisor.	Wendy Rose	painter
occupation	Herman Barron (December 23, 1909 -- June 11, 1978) was an American professional golfer best known for being the first Jewish golfer to win a PGA Tour event.	Herman Barron	golfer
occupation	Henk Wijngaard (b. Stadskanaal, June 13, 1946) is a Dutch country singer.	Henk Wijngaard	singer
occupation	Thomas Lewinski (abt. 1800--September 18, 1882) was an architect in Kentucky.	Thomas Lewinski	architect
occupation	Willi Schaeffers (1884--1962) was a German film actor and cabaret performer.	Willi Schaeffers	actor
occupation	Nesta Carter OD (born October 11, 1985) is a Jamaican sprinter, who specializes in the 100 metres event.	Nesta Carter	sprinter
occupation	Albert Frederick Macdonald (June 13, 1901 -- August 20, 1976) was a railway employee, worked as a cashier and served as a Canadian federal politician.	Albert Frederick Macdonald	politician
occupation	Ravi Jhankal is an Indian television, stage and film actor, most known for working in Shyam Benegal's film, including Welcome to Sajjanpur (2008) and Well Done Abba (2010) and for the role of P. V. Narasimha Rao in Pradhanmantri (TV Series).	Ravi Jhankal	actor
occupation	Marcos Orlando Letelier del Solar (April 13, 1932 -- September 21, 1976) was a Chilean economist, Socialist politician and diplomat during the presidency of Salvador Allende.	Orlando Letelier	politician	diplomat
occupation	Sucheta Dalal (born 1962) is an award-winning business journalist and author.	Sucheta Dalal	journalist	author
occupation	As a stage and screen actor, Stacey Oristano graduated from College in London, England at Rose Bruford School of Speech and Drama.	Stacey Oristano	actor
occupation	Elliot Josephs, better known as Zebulon Dread, is a South African cultural icon (or cultural terrorist, as he describes himself) and writer.	Zebulon Dread	writer
occupation	Bruno Pizzul (born March 8, 1938) is an Italian journalist and a former professional football player.	Bruno Pizzul	journalist
occupation	The Mamaidev was a philosopher born in India in the 12th century.	Mamaidev	philosopher
occupation	Georg Norin was a Nazi pharmacist implicated in the genocidal killings at Auschwitz.	Georg Norin	pharmacist
occupation	Charlie Hedley (1881--1942) was a pioneer Australian rugby league player.	Charlie Hedley	rugby league player
occupation	Daniel Hauben (born May 23, 1956, Bronx, NY) is an American painter who grew up in the Bronx, and who often paints Bronx street scenes.	Daniel Hauben	painter
occupation	Dario Marianelli (born June 21, 1963) is an Italian composer of piano, orchestral, and film music.	Dario Marianelli	composer
occupation	Omari Ishmael Grandberry (born November 12, 1984), better known as Omarion, is an American R&B singer, songwriter, dancer and actor.	Omarion	singer, songwriter	actor
occupation	Brett Lovett (born 20 May 1966) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Brett Lovett	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Želimir Žilnik (Cyrillic: Желимир Жилник; pronounced (ʒɛ̌limiːr ʒîlniːk)) is a Serbian film director and one of the major figures of the Yugoslav Black Wave.	Želimir Žilnik	film director
occupation	Gary Varvel is a political cartoonist for the Indianapolis Star.	Gary Varvel	cartoonist
occupation	Andre de Krayewski (Polish: Andrzej Krajewski) (born June 20, 1933) is an artist and Polish expatriate currently residing in Newark, New Jersey in the United States.	Andre de Krayewski	artist
occupation	Jakob Kunz (November 3, 1874 -- July 18, 1938) was an American physicist who pioneered the development and application of photoelectric cells.	Jakob Kunz	physicist
occupation	Alan Ko, also known as Alan Kuo, is a Taiwanese singer and actor.	Alan Ko	singer	actor
occupation	Jon Hassler (March 30, 1933 -- March 20, 2008) was an American writer and teacher known for his novels about small-town life in Minnesota.	Jon Hassler	writer
occupation	Sameer Rajda (also called Sameer Razda) is an Indian actor, mainly working in the Gujarati cinema.	Sameer Rajda	actor
occupation	Judith Rothman Rofé (aka Judy Rothman Rofé) is an American screenwriter, producer, lyricist and author specializing in comedy and literary adaptations for children.	Judy Rothman	screenwriter
occupation	Erskine Sanford (November 19, 1885 -- July 7, 1969) was an American actor in films from the late 1930s.	Erskine Sanford	actor
occupation	Joseph Amos Milburn, Jr. (April 1, 1927 -- January 3, 1980) was an American rhythm and blues singer and pianist, popular during the 1940s and 1950s.	Amos Milburn	pianist
occupation	Harry Magee Sparks III (born September 25, 1969), known as Hal Sparks, is an American actor, comedian, musician and television personality.	Hal Sparks	actor	musician
occupation	Edward Ray Sharpe (born February 8, 1938) is an American R&B and rockabilly singer, guitarist, and songwriter.	Ray Sharpe	singer
occupation	Avraham Krinitzi (Hebrew: אברהם קריניצי‎; December 26, 1886 -- November 13, 1969) was an Israeli politician who served as the first mayor of Ramat Gan between 1926 and 1969.	Avraham Krinitzi	politician
occupation	His father, Eddie Heywood, Sr. was also a jazz musician from the 1920s and provided him with training from the age of 12 as an accompanist playing in the pit band in a vaudeville theater in Atlanta, occasionally accompanying singers such as Bessie Smith and Ethel Waters.	Eddie Heywood	jazz musician
occupation	Marko Vego (January 8, 1907 -- February 26, 1985) was a Herzegovinian, archeologist, epigrapher and historian.	Marko Vego	historian
occupation	Dee Shapiro is an American artist and writer associated with the Pattern and Decoration movement.	Dee Shapiro	artist
occupation	Monica Storrs (February 12, 1888 -- December 14, 1967) was a British-born Canadian pioneer and missionary.	Monica Storrs	missionary
occupation	Karen Schmeer (February 20, 1970 -- January 29, 2010) was a film editor who frequently collaborated with filmmaker Errol Morris.	Karen Schmeer	film editor
occupation	William K. Howard (June 16, 1899 -- February 21, 1954) was an American film director, writer, and producer.	William K. Howard	film director	writer
occupation	Joseph George Megler (March 10, 1838 -- September 10, 1915), generally known as J.G. Megler, was a German-American salmon cannery owner and politician in Washington.	Joseph George Megler	politician
occupation	Roger Lowenstein (born in 1954) is an American financial journalist and writer.	Roger Lowenstein	journalist
occupation	Judith Shulevitz is an American journalist, editor and culture critic.	Judith Shulevitz	journalist
occupation	David van Dantzig (September 23, 1900 -- July 22, 1959) was a Dutch mathematician, well known for the construction in topology of the dyadic solenoid.	David van Dantzig	mathematician
occupation	Kristin Thornton (born 5 March 1988) is an Australian rules footballer.	Kristin Thornton	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Nancy Hodges (October 28, 1888 - December 15, 1969) was a Canadian journalist, politician and Senator.	Nancy Hodges	politician
occupation	Tito Livio Frulovisi (fl. 1430s - 1440s) was a humanist scholar and author, who is best known for his biography of Henry V of England, the Vita Henrici Quinti.	Tito Livio Frulovisi	author
occupation	Karl Schnabl (born March 8, 1954 in Achomitz, community Hohenthurn, Carinthia) is an Austrian former ski jumper who competed during the 1970s.	Karl Schnabl	ski jumper
occupation	Tim Rawle is an English architectural photographer and writer.	Tim Rawle	photographer
occupation	Traci Paige Johnson (born April 21, 1969) is an animator, television producer, and co-creator of the long-running Nickelodeon children's television program Blue's Clues.	Traci Paige Johnson	animator
occupation	Sherri Tenpenny is an American osteopathic physician and anti-vaccination activist from Ohio.	Sherri Tenpenny	physician
occupation	Ryan Mania is a Scottish/British National Hunt jockey from Galashiels, most famous for winning the 2013 Grand National on the Sue Smith-trained Auroras Encore, at starting odds of 66/1.	Ryan Mania	jockey
occupation	Karl Kreil (1798--1862) was an Austrian meteorologist and astronomer, born in Ried.	Karl Kreil	meteorologist	astronomer
occupation	John Edwin Luecke is an American mathematician who works in topology and knot theory.	John Edwin Luecke	mathematician
occupation	Hamza Abu Faris (Arabic: حمزة أبوفارس‎), is a Libyan scholar and politician who was born in Msallata on 13 January 1946.	Hamza Abu Faris	politician
occupation	Julie Murphy (born 1961) is a Welsh singer who sings in Welsh and English.	Julie Murphy	singer
occupation	Joseph Macmanus was appointed the new U.S. Ambassador to International Organizations in Vienna in 2012, with 26 years experience as a diplomat behind him.	Joseph Macmanus	diplomat
occupation	Oscar Hilt Tatum, Jr. (born April 22, 1934) is an American dentist notable for being the first clinician to perform a sinus lift procedure.	Hilt Tatum	dentist
occupation	Mel Hankinson (born January 10, 1943) is a men's basketball coach and author.	Mel Hankinson	basketball coach
occupation	Reginald Mount (1906--1979) was a British graphic designer.	Reginald Mount	graphic designer
occupation	Allyn Ann McLerie (born December 1, 1926) is a Canadian-born, Brooklyn-reared actress, singer, and dancer who worked with many Golden-Age musical theatre's major choreographers, including George Balanchine, Agnes de Mille, and Jerome Robbins.	Allyn Ann McLerie	singer	dancer
occupation	Darren Reisig (born March 23, 1968 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a former professional lacrosse player and was recently an assistant coach of the Victoria Shamrocks.	Darren Reisig	lacrosse player
occupation	Izuru Takeuchi is a retired Japanese mixed martial artist who competed in the middleweight division.	Izuru Takeuchi	mixed martial artist
occupation	Jean Vergnes (November 29, 1921 -- April 22, 2010) was a prominent chef, a co-founder of the famed eatery Le Cirque in the borough of Manhattan in New York City, and an influence on American restaurant culture for more than four decades.	Jean Vergnes	chef
occupation	Jane Morgan (born May 3, 1924) is an American popular music singer.	Jane Morgan	singer
occupation	Lida E. Harkins is a Massachusetts retired politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1989-2011.	Lida E. Harkins	politician
occupation	Tullio Lombardo (c. 1455 -- November 17, 1532), also known as Tullio Solari, was an Italian Renaissance sculptor.	Tullio Lombardo	sculptor
occupation	Ron Griggs is an American politician and a Republican member of the New Mexico Senate representing District 34 since his December 11, 2012 appointment by Governor of New Mexico Susana Martinez to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Vernon Asbill, having been elected to the seat in the November 6, 2012 General election.	Ron Griggs	politician
occupation	Georges Dor (March 10, 1931 -- July 24, 2001) was a Québécois of romanian origin author, composer, playwright, singer, poet, translator, and theatrical producer and director.	Georges Dor	playwright
occupation	James Domville (November 29, 1842 -- July 30, 1921) was a Canadian businessman, militia officer and politician.	James Domville	politician
occupation	Marilyn Kaytor (July 26, 1929 -- October 20, 2007) was an American journalist, editor and author internationally known for writing about cooking, style, and fashion.	Marilyn Kaytor	journalist
occupation	Jacek Sempoliński (March 27, 1927 -- August 30, 2012) was a Polish painter, draftsman, art professor, critic, and essayist.	Jacek Sempoliński	painter
occupation	Jackie Chavez (born June 1, 1983 in Albuquerque, New Mexico) is an American former professional boxer in the Super Bantamweight division.	Jackie Chavez	boxer
occupation	Harley Parker (April 13, 1915 -- March 3, 1992) was a Canadian artist, designer, curator, professor and scholar - a frequent collaborator with fellow Canadian and communications theorist Marshall McLuhan.	Harley Parker	artist	designer	curator
occupation	Larry Klein (born 1956) is an American musician, songwriter, record and soundtrack producer and head of Strange Cargo, an imprint with Universal Music Group.	Larry Klein	songwriter
occupation	Jeanne Robinson (March 30, 1948 -- May 30, 2010) was an American-born Canadian choreographer, dancer, teacher and co-writer of three award-winning science-fiction novels, The Stardance Saga.	Jeanne Robinson	choreographer
occupation	Aaron Elliott (born May 20, 1968), better known as Aaron Cometbus, is an American drummer, lyricist, self-described ``punk anthropologist,'' novelist, and author of punk zine Cometbus.	Aaron Cometbus	lyricist
occupation	Diana W. Bianchi is an American medical geneticist and neonatologist noted for her research on fetal cell microchimerism and prenatal testing.	Diana W. Bianchi	geneticist
occupation	Anjana Ahuja ( अंजना आहूजा ) is a British Indian science journalist and a former columnist for The Times.	Anjana Ahuja	journalist
occupation	Coosje van Bruggen (June 6, 1942 -- January 10, 2009) was a sculptor, art historian, and critic.	Coosje van Bruggen	sculptor	art historian
occupation	Fritz Wendel (February 21, 1915 -- February 9, 1975) was a German test pilot during the 1930s and 1940s.	Fritz Wendel	test pilot
occupation	Flip Simmons is an Australian actor and musician.	Flip Simmons	actor
occupation	Kristin Armstrong (born August 11, 1973) is a professional road bicycle racer and two-time Olympic gold medalist, the winner of the women's individual time trial in 2008 and 2012.	Kristin Armstrong	bicycle racer
occupation	Harry Landers (born Harry Sorokin; September 3, 1921) is an American character actor.	Harry Landers	actor
occupation	Pooja Dhingra (born 1986) is an Indian pastry chef and businesswoman.	Pooja Dhingra	pastry chef
occupation	K. Jeyakumar is an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.	K. Jeyakumar	politician
occupation	Grady Booch (born February 27, 1955) is an American software engineer, best known for developing the Unified Modeling Language with Ivar Jacobson and James Rumbaugh.	Grady Booch	engineer
occupation	Sheu Yu-jer (Chinese: 許虞哲; pinyin: Xǔ Yúzhé) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Sheu Yu-jer	politician
occupation	Benjamin Irving Rouse (August 29, 1913 -- February 24, 2006) was an American archaeologist on the faculty of Yale University best known for his work in the Greater and Lesser Antilles of the Caribbean, especially in Haiti.	Irving Rouse	archaeologist
occupation	George Tandy, Jr. is an American R&B-soul singer-songwriter.	George Tandy, Jr.	singer-songwriter
occupation	Scott Shuster is a US broadcast journalist and a professional business and international policy event moderator and interviewer of C-suite and business unit executives at corporate events.	Scott Shuster	journalist	moderator
occupation	Palito (born Reynaldo Alfredo R. Hipolito, September 4, 1934 -- April 12, 2010) was a veteran Filipino slapstick comedian and actor who was at the height of his career in the 1970s and 80s.	Palito	comedian
occupation	Thomas Luke Macfarlane (born January 19, 1980), better known as Luke Macfarlane, is a Canadian actor and musician.	Luke Macfarlane	actor
occupation	Julia Messenger is an Australian singer-songwriter and producer best known for her work in electronica and chill-out, although she has performed in a wide range of musical genres, including Jazz, rock, classical and blues.	Julia Messenger	singer
occupation	Christoph Thomas Scheffler (sometimes written Schäffler, December 20, 1699 -- January 25, 1756) was a German painter of the rococo period.	Christoph Thomas Scheffler	painter
occupation	Bruce R. Korf is a medical geneticist, the director of the Heflin Center for Human Genetics and chairman of the Department of Genetics at the University of Alabama at Birmingham.	Bruce R. Korf	geneticist
occupation	George Clifton Edwards, Jr. (August 6, 1914 -- April 8, 1995) was a justice of the Michigan Supreme Court from 1956 until 1962 and judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit from 1963 to 1995.	George Clifton Edwards, Jr.	judge
occupation	Erin Brown (born Erin DeWright on October 16, 1979) is an American film actress, filmmaker, model and musician.	Erin Brown	model
occupation	James Leche (born by 1518-54) of Newtown, Montgomeryshire, was a Welsh politician.	James Leche	politician
occupation	Wu Jia-qing (simplified Chinese: 吴珈庆; traditional Chinese: 吳珈慶; pinyin: Wú Jiāqìng; born February 9, 1989 in Taiwan) is a professional pool player.	Wu Jia-qing	pool player
occupation	Tito Rodríguez (January 4, 1923 -- February 28, 1973) was a popular 1950s and 1960s Puerto Rican singer and bandleader.	Tito Rodríguez	singer
occupation	In 2011 professor Dennis Cole, archaeologist Dan Warner and engineer Jim Parker from NOBTS, led another team in an attempt to finish the effort.	Dan Warner	archaeologist
occupation	Lisa Mann is an American electric blues bassist, songwriter and singer.	Lisa Mann	singer
occupation	Dharshini David is an English economist and broadcaster.	Dharshini David	economist
occupation	DiAnna Schimek (born March 21, 1940) is a politician from Nebraska who has served in the Nebraska Legislature and the Lincoln City Council.	DiAnna Schimek	politician
occupation	Valentyn Sadovsky (Ukrainian: Валентин Васильович Садовський) was a politician, scientist, journalist, economist of Ukraine.	Valentyn Sadovsky	politician
occupation	Arnold Skaaland (January 21, 1925 -- March 13, 2007) was an American professional wrestler and professional wrestling manager.	Arnold Skaaland	professional wrestler
occupation	Steven B. Jepson is an American opera singer, a baritone.	Steven B. Jepson	opera singer
occupation	Peter Denz (* born January 14, 1940, in Freiburg im Breisgau) is a German engineer, inventor, entrepreneur and Oscar winner.	Peter Denz	engineer	entrepreneur
occupation	Clay Aiken (born Clayton Holmes Grissom; November 30, 1978) is an American singer, songwriter, television personality, actor, author, politician and activist.	Clay Aiken	singer	politician
occupation	Shamar Bailey is a retired American mixed martial artist who competed in the Lightweight division.	Shamar Bailey	mixed martial artist
occupation	John McLiam (born John Williams; January 24, 1918 -- April 16, 1994) was a character actor noted for his extensive work on film and television, and renowned for his skill at different accents.	John McLiam	actor
occupation	Hieromonk Roman (Russian: Иеромонах Роман, secular name Alexander Ivanovich Matyushin, Russian: Александр Иванович Матюшин; born November 16, 1954, village Ryabchovsk, Trubchevsky District, Bryansk Oblast) is a Russian poet, singer-songwriter and hieromonk of the Russian Orthodox Church.	Hieromonk Roman	singer
occupation	Slavka Maneva (Macedonian: Славка Манева; February 2, 1934 -- January 8, 2010) was a Macedonian writer and poet.	Slavka Maneva	writer
occupation	Marion A. Trozzolo (1925 -- June 30, 1992) was an innovator, inventor, entrepreneur, and professor of business at Rockhurst University in Kansas City, Missouri.	Marion A. Trozzolo	entrepreneur
occupation	Cesare Siepi (February 10, 1923 -- July 5, 2010) was an Italian opera singer, generally considered to have been one of the finest basses of the post-war period.	Cesare Siepi	opera singer
occupation	Milton C. Whitaker was a noted 20th-century chemist.	Milton C. Whitaker	chemist
occupation	Ninad Kamat is an Indian Bollywood film actor.	Ninad Kamat	actor
occupation	Germaine Williams (born December 9, 1974), better known by his stage name Canibus, is a Jamaican-American rapper, actor and member of The Hrsmn, Sharpshooterz, Cloak N Dagga, The Undergods, and one-half of T.H.E.M. Canibus rose to fame in the mid-nineties.	Canibus	rapper
occupation	William Cowper Brann (January 4, 1855 -- April 1, 1898) was an American journalist known as Brann the Iconoclast.	William Cowper Brann	journalist
occupation	Malakai Yalimaiwai Tuiloa is a rugby league player for Milton Ulladulla his position is prop.	Malakai Yalimaiwai Tuiloa	rugby league player
occupation	Tuvia Tzafir (Hebrew: טוביה צפיר‎; born December 31, 1945) is an Israeli actor and entertainer.	Tuvia Tzafir	actor
occupation	Kiatkamol Lata (Thai: เกียรติกมล ล่าทา) (aka. Tui Thai: ตุ้ย ) (born on May 7, 1983) is a Thai singer, actor.	Kiatkamol Lata	actor
occupation	Valucha deCastro (October 9, 1930 -- February 12, 2007) was a Brazilian-born singer, songwriter and artist.	Valucha deCastro	singer
occupation	Philip Proctor (born July 28, 1940) is an American actor, voice actor and a member of The Firesign Theatre.	Philip Proctor	actor	voice actor
occupation	Lance Taylor, known as OG Boo Dirty, is an American rapper from Memphis, Tennessee.	OG Boo Dirty	rapper
occupation	Sidney Leviss (July 21, 1917 - September 7, 2007) was a Democratic politician and judge from Queens, New York City.	Sidney Leviss	politician	judge
occupation	Justin Oakley is a bioethicist and moral philosopher.	Justin Oakley	philosopher
occupation	Lee Arenberg (born July 18, 1962) is an American actor, best known for his role as Pintel, one of Captain Barbossa's crew, in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series.	Lee Arenberg	actor
occupation	Adelbert Ames (October 31, 1835 -- April 13, 1933) was an American sailor, soldier, and politician.	Adelbert Ames	politician
occupation	Theodore H. Schwartz (born in New York City) is an American medical scientist, academic physician and neurosurgeon.	Theodore H. Schwartz	neurosurgeon
occupation	James Lloyd (born August 20, 1977), better known by his stage name Lil' Cease, is an American rapper and member of hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A..	Lil' Cease	rapper
occupation	Mungonzazal Janshindulam (Mongolian: Янжиндуламын Мөнгөнцацал Yanjindulamyn Möngöntsatsal; 1972--2007), also known as ``Mungo'', was a Mongolian pianist and music teacher who lived and taught up until her death in Düsseldorf and Dortmund, Germany.	Mungonzazal Janshindulam	pianist
occupation	Mohammad Nafees Iqbal Khan (Bengali: মোহাম্মদ নাফিস ইকবাল খান) (born January 31, 1985, in Chittagong), better known as Nafees Iqbal, is a Bangladeshi cricketer.	Nafees Iqbal	cricketer
occupation	Priti Rijal (Nepali: प्रीति रिजाल), (born December 25, 1991) is a nationally ranked Nepali professional tennis player.	Priti Rijal	tennis player
occupation	Benjamin Abdala Júnior (born 1943 in Uchoa, São Paulo) is a Brazilian writer, scholar, and literary critic.	Benjamin Abdala Júnior	writer
occupation	Pistoleta (Occitan: (pistuˈlɛtɔ); fl. 1185--1228) was a Provençal troubadour.	Pistoleta	troubadour
occupation	Steve Landesberg (November 23, 1936 -- December 20, 2010) was an American actor, comedian, and voice actor known for his role as the erudite, unflappable police detective Arthur P. Dietrich on the ABC sitcom Barney Miller, for which he was nominated for three Emmy Awards.	Steve Landesberg	actor
occupation	Chandler Riggs (born June 27, 1999) is an American child actor, best known for his role as Carl Grimes on the The Walking Dead, an AMC television horror drama series (2010-present).	Chandler Riggs	actor
occupation	Serena Shim (Arabic: سيرينا علي سحيم‎, Serena Ali Suhaim; October 10, 1985 -- October 19, 2014) was an American journalist for Press TV.	Serena Shim	journalist
occupation	Stoney Burke (January 17, 1953 - ) is a California street performer and actor.	Stoney Burke	actor
occupation	Nathaniel M. Minkoff (February 14, 1893 -- January 16, 1984) was an American labor leader and politician from New York.	Nathaniel M. Minkoff	politician
occupation	Dave Mazzoni (born October 31, 1979) is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter.	Dave Mazzoni	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Walter Andreas Müller (3 September 1945) is a Swiss stage and film actor starring usually in Swiss German language cinema and television and stage productions.	Walter Andreas Müller	actor
occupation	Giovanni Vincenzo Forli (Forlì del Sannio, c. 1580 -- c. 1625) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Naples.	Giovanni Vincenzo Forli	painter
occupation	Edmund O'Connor (November 1848 near Mallow, County Cork, Ireland -- July 15, 1898, Binghamton, Broome County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Edmund O'Connor	politician
occupation	Jordan Scott Gilbert is a Broadway/TV/film actor, singer, director, writer, and producer.	Jordan Scott Gilbert	actor
occupation	Virginia Healey Asher (December 18, 1869 -- February 2, 1937) was a gospel singer and evangelist to women.	Virginia Healey Asher	singer
occupation	Hammad Husain (born February 12, 1970) is a Pakistani architect and writer, based in Islamabad.	Hammad Husain	architect
occupation	Augustus Guy de Vaudricourt was a painter and lithographer active in the 1800s in France, the United States and Mexico, and is noted for his image contributions to the Report on the United States and Mexican Boundary Survey of 1848-1855.	Augustus Guy de Vaudricourt	painter
occupation	Sisir Kumar Ghosh (1840--1911) was a noted Indian journalist, founder of the Amrita Bazar Patrika, a noted Bengali language newspaper in 1868 and a freedom fighter from Bengal.	Sisir Kumar Ghosh	journalist
occupation	Chu Chin-peng (Chinese: 朱景鵬; pinyin: Zhū Jǐngpéng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chu Chin-peng	politician
occupation	Robert M. Salter Jr. was an American engineer who worked for the RAND Corporation.	Robert M. Salter	engineer
occupation	Edwin Othello Excell (December 13, 1851 -- June 10, 1921), commonly known as E. O. Excell, was a prominent American publisher, composer, song leader, and singer of music for church, Sunday school, and evangelistic meetings during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.	E. O. Excell	composer
occupation	Hugh Berryman is a U.S. forensic anthropologist with areas of expertise in blunt force trauma, skeletal remains, and osteology.	Hugh Berryman	anthropologist
occupation	Albert Au Shui Keung (Chinese: 區瑞強) is a Hong Kong English pop and Cantopop singer-songwriter and DJ of RTHK.	Albert Au	singer
occupation	Stephen Keim, SC is a Brisbane barrister who represented Indian-born doctor Mohamed Haneef in his application for judicial review of a decision to revoke his Australian visa.	Stephen Keim	barrister
occupation	Charles de Wolff (1932--2011) was a Dutch organist and conductor.	Charles de Wolff	conductor
occupation	Catherine Popper (born December 28, 1973) is an American bass guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Catherine Popper	singer
occupation	Chico Freeman (born Earl Lavon Freeman Jr.; July 17, 1949) is a modern jazz tenor saxophonist and trumpeter and son of jazz saxophonist Von Freeman.	Chico Freeman	saxophonist
occupation	Jonathan Rabb (born April 28, 1964) is an American novelist, essayist, actor and writer.	Jonathan Rabb	writer
occupation	Daniel Wycliffe Sargent (born July 22, 1850, Birmingham, England. Died October 12, 1902, in Nigeria) was an early explorer of Africa, Agent General of the British Government who signed treaties with many African chiefs which allowed the British to establish the Southern Nigeria Protectorate.	Daniel Wycliffe Sargent	explorer
occupation	Betty Berzon (January 18, 1928 -- January 24, 2006) was an American author and psychotherapist known for her work with the gay and lesbian communities.	Betty Berzon	author	psychotherapist
occupation	Simon Watney is a British writer, art historian, and AIDS activist.	Simon Watney	art historian
occupation	Claudio Castagnoli (born December 27, 1980), better known by his ring name Cesaro (shortened from Antonio Cesaro, used from 2012 to 2014 in WWE), is a Swiss professional wrestler who is currently signed to WWE, but is currently on hiatus due to injury.	Antonio Cesaro	professional wrestler
occupation	Zilda de Carvalho Espíndola (March 31, 1904 -- January 8, 1985), professionally known as Aracy Cortes, was a Brazilian singer, dancer and actress.	Aracy Cortes	singer
occupation	Cynthia Moss (born 1940 in Ossining, New York) is an American conservationist, wildlife researcher and writer, who specializes in African elephant family structure, life cycle, and behavior.	Cynthia Moss	writer
occupation	James Blanding Sloan (September 19, 1886 -- October 5, 1975), also known as Blanding Sloan, was an American illustrator, engraver, set designer and painter.	James Blanding Sloan	painter
occupation	Cliff Martinez (born February 5, 1954) is an American film score composer and former drummer known for his work with the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Captain Beefheart.	Cliff Martinez	composer	drummer
occupation	Lucius Aradius Valerius Proculus signo Populonius (floruit 333--352) was a senator and a politician of the Roman Empire, twice praefectus urbi of Rome (in 337--338 and in 351--352) and once consul (in 340).	Lucius Aradius Valerius Proculus	politician
occupation	Kareem Campbell (born November 14, 1973 in Harlem, New York) is a professional skateboarder.	Kareem Campbell	skateboarder
occupation	Medet Sadyrkulov (Kyrgyz: Медет Садыркулов; December 13, 1953--March 13, 2009) was a Kyrgyz politician and former chief of staff for presidents Askar Akayev and Kurmanbek Bakiyev.	Medet Sadyrkulov	politician
occupation	Alexander Marshack (April 4, 1918 -- December 20, 2004) was an American independent scholar and Paleolithic archaeologist.	Alexander Marshack	archaeologist
occupation	Eliza Griswold (born February 9, 1973) is an American journalist and poet.	Eliza Griswold	journalist	poet
occupation	Bryson of Achaea (or Bryson the Achaean; Greek: Βρύσων, gen.: Βρύσωνος; fl. 330 BCE) was an ancient Greek philosopher.	Bryson of Achaea	philosopher
occupation	Pavel Exner (born March 30, 1946 in Prague) is a Czech mathematical physicist.	Pavel Exner	physicist
occupation	William Britton Baird (August 15, 1904 -- March 18, 1987), professional name Bil Baird, but often referred to as Bill Baird, was an American puppeteer of the mid- and late 20th century.	Bil Baird	puppeteer
occupation	Abdul Ibrahim West, better known by his stage name AR-Ab (also referred to as King Ab, Assault Rifle Ab, or simply Ab), is an American rapper from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	AR-Ab	rapper
occupation	Alice Aycock (born November 20, 1946) is an American sculptor and installation artist.	Alice Aycock	sculptor
occupation	Brian Grellis (born 1937) is a British actor, best known for his role in the television series Z-Cars as Det.	Brian Grellis	actor
occupation	Tawn Mastrey (August 20, 1954 -- October 2, 2007) was an American disc jockey, music video producer, one of rock radio's top media personalities.	Tawn Mastrey	disc jockey
occupation	Silvia Rinka (born July 27, 1962) is an East German swimmer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Silvia Rinka	swimmer
occupation	Hovhannes Danielyan (Armenian: Հովհաննես Դանիելյան, born April 11, 1987 in Armenian SSR) is an Armenian light flyweight amateur boxer.	Hovhannes Danielyan	boxer
occupation	Ulamila Kurai Wragg born 18 June 1968 is a Fijian journalist currently based in Rarotonga, Cook Islands.	Ulamila Kurai Wragg	journalist
occupation	Ian Bayley is a British computer scientist and quiz player who, despite his youth when compared with other leading players (he was in his early thirties), won several medals in quizzing, both in singles and as a member of a team.	Ian Bayley	computer scientist
occupation	Kyle Sorensen (born June 22, 1986) is a Canadian lacrosse player who plays defense for the Washington Stealth of the National Lacrosse League and the Toronto Nationals of Major League Lacrosse.	Kyle Sorensen	lacrosse player
occupation	Nikole Beckwith is a Massachusetts-born actress and playwright; until 2006 Beckwith lived in Newburyport, Massachusetts where she was integral to the theater, music and art communities and in 2004 became the youngest recipient of The Johnson Award for excellence in and contributions to the arts in the Merrimack Valley.	Nikole Beckwith	playwright
occupation	George Pal (born György Pál Marczincsak; February 1, 1908 -- May 2, 1980) was a Hungarian animator and film producer, principally associated with the science fiction genre.	George Pal	film producer
occupation	The Abbot of Tivoli (Italian: Abate di Tivoli) was an Italian poet of the thirteenth century.	Abbot of Tivoli	poet
occupation	Anna Mancuso (born May 18, 1971) is a Canadian former politician, lawyer, and businessperson.	Anna Mancuso	politician
occupation	Jan Zaor (Zaur, Zaorowicz) was a Polish baroque architect from Kraków who lived in the 17th century and was active from 1638 to 1676.	Jan Zaor	architect
occupation	Vittoria Bentivoglio was a singer in the 16th century Ferrarese court of Alfonso II d'Este and a member of the first period of the court's concerto delle donne.	Vittoria Bentivoglio	singer
occupation	Andrew Culverwell is an English Contemporary Christian music artist and songwriter who recorded in the 1970s and 1980s.	Andrew Culverwell	artist	songwriter
occupation	Paul Q. Kolderie is a record producer, engineer, and mixer.	Paul Q. Kolderie	record producer
occupation	Michael Shawn Crahan (born September 24, 1969), more commonly known by his stage persona ``Clown'', is an American musician, music producer, and artist.	Shawn Crahan	musician
occupation	Birgit Peter (born January 27, 1964) is a German rower, and Olympic gold and bronze medalist.	Birgit Peter	rower
occupation	Hale Smith (June 29, 1925 -- November 24, 2009) was an American composer, pianist, educator, arranger, and editor.	Hale Smith	composer	pianist
occupation	Margot Lovejoy is a digital artist and historian of art and technology.	Margot Lovejoy	historian
occupation	Issachar ben Mordecai ibn Susan (fl. 1539--1572) (Hebrew: יששכר בן מרדכי אבן שושן) was a Jewish mathematician, living in Ottoman Palestine.	Issachar ben Mordecai ibn Susan	mathematician
occupation	Christopher Clark Burckle, Jr. (born February 23, 1988) is an American competition swimmer who specializes in breaststroke and medley events.	Clark Burckle	swimmer
occupation	Bill Kuisle (born January 11, 1958) is a Republican politician and farmer from Minnesota.	Bill Kuisle	politician
occupation	Joby Warrick (born August 4, 1960) is an American journalist who won a Pulitzer Prize.	Joby Warrick	journalist
occupation	Ibtisam Lutfi (Arabic: ابتسام لطفي‎) is a blind Saudi singer.	Ibtisam Lutfi	singer
occupation	Susan Finsen is an American philosopher, currently professor emeritus of philosophy and former chair of the department at California State University, San Bernardino.	Susan Finsen	philosopher
occupation	Lauded by many as ``the most lonesome singer-poet'', Zhang Chu has remained a prominent figure on Chinese rock scene despite not releasing a new album since 1997.	Zhang Chu	singer
occupation	Frederik Wilmann (born 17 July 1985 in Viggja) is a Norwegian professional road bicycle racer for team Christina Watches-Dana.	Frederik Wilmann	bicycle racer
occupation	Emory Parnell (December 29, 1892 -- June 22, 1979) was an American vaudevillian and actor who appeared in over 250 films in his 36-year career.	Emory Parnell	actor
occupation	John Gillies Rennie (November 14, 1904 -- February 13, 1952) was a Quebec politician and educator and a member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1947 until his death in office.	John Gillies Rennie	politician
occupation	Andranik Madadian (Persian: آندرانیک مددیان‎‎, Armenian: Անդրանիկ Մադադյան), better known by his stage name, Andy (Persian: اندی‎‎, Armenian: Անդի; born 1958) is a famous Armenian-Iranian singer-songwriter and actor.	Andranik Madadian	singer	songwriter	actor
occupation	Rudolf Ehlers (March 30, 1834 -- August 7, 1908) was a German theologian and clergyman born in Hamburg.	Rudolf Ehlers	theologian
occupation	Hrólfr Kraki, Hroðulf, Rolfo, Roluo, Rolf Krage (early 6th century) was a legendary Danish king who appears in both Anglo-Saxon and Scandinavian tradition.	Hrólfr Kraki	king
occupation	Alice Inoue is an astrologer, feng shui expert, author, and life coach from Hawaii.	Alice Inoue	astrologer
occupation	The Herbert Olivecrona Award, also known as the ``Nobel Prize of Neurosurgery'', is awarded annually by the Karolinska Institute to a neurosurgeon or neuroscientist who has made an outstanding contribution to the neurosurgical field.	Herbert Olivecrona	neuroscientist
occupation	John Newland (November 23, 1917 -- January 10, 2000) was an American director, actor, television producer, and screenwriter.	John Newland	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Miguel Sidrauski (October 12, 1939 -- September 1, 1968) was an Argentine economist who made important contributions to the theory of economic growth by developing a modified version of the Ramsey--	Miguel Sidrauski	economist
occupation	Abram Henson Meadows (March 10, 1859 -- December 9, 1932), also known as Charlie Meadows and Arizona Charlie, was an American showman and sharpshooter, and a contemporary of ``Buffalo Bill'' Cody whose Wild West Show inspired Meadows to pursue his own performing career.	Arizona Charlie	showman
occupation	Nicholas Amer, born Thomas Harold Amer (29 September 1923) in Tranmere, Birkenhead, Cheshire, is an English stage, film and television actor known for his performances in William Shakespeare's plays.	Nicholas Amer	actor
occupation	Antal Kagerbauer (July 5, 1814 in Abrudbánya -- October 8, 1872 in Torda) was a Hungarian architect who worked in Cluj during the mid-nineteenth century.	Antal Kagerbauer	architect
occupation	Siva Prakasar (also Ṣiva Prakāṣa or sometimes Ṣiva-prakāṣa Dēṣikar), was a Tamil ( துறைமங்கலம் சிவப்பிரகாசர், கற்பனைக்களஞ்சியம் ) poet and philosopher lived during the late 17th and early 18th centuries.	Siva Prakasar	philosopher
occupation	Onesicritus (Greek: Ὀνησίκριτος; c. 360 BC -- c. 290 BC), a Greek historical writer, who accompanied Alexander on his campaigns in Asia.	Onesicritus	writer
occupation	Decimus Laberius (c. 105 BC -- 43 BC) was a Roman eques and writer of mimes (farces).	Decimus Laberius	writer
occupation	William Francis James, more often known as W. Frank James, (May 23, 1873 -- November 17, 1945) was a soldier and politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.	W. Frank James	politician
occupation	Rina Mor-Goder (Hebrew: רינה מור‎; born Rina Messinger; February 16, 1956) is an Israeli lawyer, writer and beauty queen who won Miss Universe 1976.	Rina Mor	lawyer
occupation	José Antonio Abreu Anselmi (born May 7, 1939) is a Venezuelan orchestra conductor, pianist, economist, educator, activist, and politician.	José Antonio Abreu	conductor	pianist	economist	politician
occupation	Oscar Ahnfelt (1813--1882) was a Swedish singer, composer and music publisher.	Oscar Ahnfelt	composer
occupation	Terry Louise Fisher (born February 21, 1946) is an American television producer, screenwriter and novelist.	Terry Louise Fisher	screenwriter	novelist
occupation	Gunnar Bovim (born 2 February 1960) is a Norwegian physician and civil servant, and the current rector at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology.	Gunnar Bovim	rector
occupation	Jineth Bedoya Lima (born c. 1974) is a Colombian journalist who was abducted in May 2000 and August 2003.	Jineth Bedoya Lima	journalist
occupation	Fatma Şahin (born 20 June 1966 in Gaziantep) is a Turkish chemical engineer and politician.	Fatma Şahin	engineer	politician
occupation	Merritt Roe Smith (1940) is an American historian.	Merritt Roe Smith	historian
occupation	George McClellan Sebree III (August 26, 1932 -- March 7, 2010), better known as Mac Sebree, was an American journalist, writer and publisher whose area of expertise was urban mass transit, particularly urban rail transit.	Mac Sebree	journalist
occupation	Katt Hernandez (born May 16, 1974) is a violinist living in Stockholm, Sweden with strong connection to Boston, Massachusetts, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Baltimore, Maryland.	Katt Hernandez	violinist
occupation	Delroy Chuck is a Jamaican lawyer, journalist and politician.	Delroy Chuck	journalist	politician
occupation	Murali Sharma is an Indian film actor known for his works predominantly in Bollywood, Telugu cinema, and Television.	Murali Sharma	actor
occupation	Mandy Niklaus (born 1 March 1956) is a fencer, who competed for the SC Dynamo Berlin/Sportvereinigung (SV) Dynamo during her career.	Mandy Niklaus	fencer
occupation	Martin Bresnick (born 1946) is a composer of contemporary classical music, film scores and experimental music.	Martin Bresnick	composer
occupation	Ed Brubaker (born November 17, 1966) is an American comic book writer and cartoonist.	Ed Brubaker	writer	cartoonist
occupation	Josep Pons Rosell (September 20, 1918 - July 28, 2013) is an anthropologist and professor at the Anthropology Department of the Biology Faculty of the University of Barcelona (UB) from 1973 to his retirement.	Josep Pons Rosell	anthropologist	professor
occupation	Lawrence Arnell is a rapper and singer from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Lawrence Arnell	rapper
occupation	Nina Rocheva born Nina Selyunina (Russian: Нина Рочева) (born October 13, 1948) was a former Soviet cross-country skier who competed from 1978 to 1980.	Nina Rocheva	cross-country skier
occupation	Skip Frye (b. Harry Richard Frye, September 7, 1941 in San Diego, California) is a surfer, surfboard designer and shaper, and environmental activist.	Skip Frye	surfer
occupation	Steven Molony (born March 16, 1988) is an American actor, screenwriter, and film producer.	Steven Molony	actor
occupation	Tim DeBoom (born November 4, 1970) in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, is a professional triathlete from Boulder, Colorado.	Tim DeBoom	triathlete
occupation	Mythology and archeology are the foremost concerns of the painter Emilio Cruz.	Emilio Cruz	painter
occupation	Emanuel Gat is an Israeli choreographer of contemporary dance.	Emanuel Gat	choreographer
occupation	lansana Sheriff (born on August 28, 1966 in Daru, Kailahun District, Sierra Leone) popularly known by his stage name Steady Bongo, is an internationally recognized Sierra Leonean musician and record producer.	Steady Bongo	musician	record producer
occupation	Matt Moniz is an American mountaineer and speaker noted for his ascents of 8,000 meter peaks and several of the Seven Summits.	Matt Moniz	mountaineer
occupation	Brian McKnight (born June 5, 1969) is an American R&B singer-songwriter, arranger, producer, and musician.	Brian McKnight	singer-songwriter
occupation	Stephen Christian is an American singer and songwriter best known as the former lead vocalist of the alternative rock band Anberlin, as well as the vocalist of his acoustic side-project Anchor & Braille.	Stephen Christian	singer
occupation	Jake Ward is a Filipino international rugby union player of New Zealand descent playing for Clifton RFC.	Jake Ward	rugby union player
occupation	Denis Pitts (January 6, 1930 -- April 19, 1994) journalist, film-maker and novelist.	Denis Pitts	journalist
occupation	Spiro Ksera (Albanian: Spiro Ksera, Greek: Σπύρος Ξέρας, Spyros Xeras) is an Albanian politician.	Spiro Ksera	politician
occupation	Rob Stefaniuk is a Canadian comedian, actor and writer who has worked in numerous television shows and films as both guest actor and series regular.	Rob Stefaniuk	actor
occupation	Mariam Najjemba Mbabaali, formerly known as Rosemary Najjemba Muyinda is a Ugandan politician.	Mariam Najjemba	politician
occupation	Michael McClure (born October 20, 1932) is an American poet, playwright, songwriter, and novelist.	Michael McClure	poet
occupation	Hossein Amini (Persian: حسین امینی‎‎; born January 18, 1966) is an Iranian-British screenwriter and film director.	Hossein Amini	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Joshua Clottey (born October 6, 1977) is a Ghanaian professional boxer and former IBF welterweight champion.	Joshua Clottey	boxer
occupation	Alexander Nathan Skolnick (born September 29, 1968), is an American metal and jazz guitarist who is the lead guitarist of the Bay Area thrash metal band Testament, and heads the jazz band Alex Skolnick Trio.	Alex Skolnick	guitarist
occupation	Patricia Louise Holt-Edwards (born May 24, 1944) better known under the stage name Patti LaBelle, is an American singer, author, and actress.	Patti LaBelle	singer
occupation	Claude Galopin is a French automotive engineer who currently works for Pescarolo Sport.	Claude Galopin	engineer
occupation	Karim Wagih is an Egyptian sport shooter who competes in the men's 10 metre air pistol.	Karim Wagih	sport shooter
occupation	Hayford Akrofi was a Ghanian political activist and architect.	Hayford Akrofi	architect
occupation	Ryan McPartlin (born July 3, 1975) is an American actor, known for his role as Devon ``Captain Awesome'' Woodcomb on the NBC action-comedy series Chuck.	Ryan McPartlin	actor
occupation	Scott Berry is an American college baseball coach, And serves as head coach of the Southern Miss Golden Eagles baseball team.	Scott Berry	head coach
occupation	Ferdinand Gottlieb (October 5, 1919 in Berlin, Germany -- October 27, 2007, in Dobbs Ferry, New York) was a New York-based architect.	Ferdinand Gottlieb	architect
occupation	Michael Jenkins Moynihan (born 17 January 1969) is an American journalist, publisher, and musician.	Michael Jenkins Moynihan	journalist	musician
occupation	Ruth Barcan Marcus (August 2, 1921 -- February 19, 2012) was an American philosopher and logician who developed the Barcan formula.	Ruth Barcan Marcus	philosopher
occupation	Rocky Marciano (born Rocco Francis Marchegiano; September 1, 1923 -- August 31, 1969) was an American professional boxer who held the world heavyweight title from September 23, 1952 to April 27, 1956.	Rocky Marciano	boxer
occupation	Juan de Espinosa, (active 1628 and 1659), Spanish Baroque painter specializing in still life painting.	Juan de Espinosa	painter
occupation	Dr. Klaus Scharioth (born October 8, 1946) is a German diplomat.	Klaus Scharioth	diplomat
occupation	John de Crannach (c. 1386 -- 1453/1454) was a 15th-century Scottish scholar, diplomat and prelate.	John de Crannach	prelate
occupation	France Joli (born February 2, 1963) is a Canadian singer, best known for the disco classic ``Come to Me.''	France Joli	singer
occupation	Yen Chiu-lai (Chinese: 顏秋來; pinyin: Yán Qiūlái) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Yen Chiu-lai	politician
occupation	Arthur C. Cope (1909-1966) was a highly successful and influential organic chemist and member of the National Academy of Sciences.	Arthur C. Cope	chemist
occupation	Frank Egan was a rugby league player in Australian leading competition - the New South Wales Rugby League.	Frank Egan	rugby league player
occupation	David Ceperley is a theoretical physicist in the physics department at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign or UIUC.	David Ceperley	physicist
occupation	Amuka is the stage name used by singer/songwriter Sheila Brody.	Amuka	singer
occupation	Badrul Hisham Shaharin (born 23 September 1978) or better known as Chegubard is a Malaysian activist and politician from Parti Keadilan Rakyat in the Pakatan Rakyat coalition.	Badrul Hisham Shaharin	politician
occupation	Joseph Jason Namakaeha Momoa (born August 1, 1979), better known as Jason Momoa, is an American actor, model, director, writer, and producer.	Jason Momoa	actor
occupation	Patrick Mameli (born November 23, 1966) is a Dutch death metal singer and guitarist who is best known for his work with technical death metal band Pestilence.	Patrick Mameli	singer
occupation	Bartolommeo Torre was an Italian fresco painter of Arezzo, who active c. the beginning of the 17th century, and died young.	Bartolommeo Torre	painter
occupation	Terry Fogerty was married to Cheryl, they had children; the boxer, rugby league player and actor Adam Fogerty, and the basketball player, and rugby league player Jason Fogerty.	Terry Fogerty	rugby league player
occupation	Chad Hundeby is an American long distance swimmer.	Chad Hundeby	swimmer
occupation	Brian Doyle-Murray (born Brian Murray, October 31, 1945) is an American comedian, screenwriter, actor and voice actor.	Brian Doyle-Murray	screenwriter	actor
occupation	Dr. Lisa Klein is an American author known for her Shakesperean works including Ophelia and Lady Macbeth's Daughter.	Lisa Klein	author
occupation	Ruth Paley is an English historian and author.	Ruth Paley	historian
occupation	Nitsana Darshan-Leitner is an Israeli attorney, human rights activist and the founder of Shurat HaDin Israeli Law Center.	Nitsana Darshan-Leitner	human rights activist
occupation	Juan Benavides Hermosilla (born June 25, 1975 in Madrid) is a former freestyle swimmer from Spain, who competed at two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1996.	Juan Benavides	swimmer
occupation	Margaret Morse Nice (December 6, 1883 -- June 26, 1974) was an American ornithologist who made an extensive study of the life history of the song sparrow and was author of Studies in the Life History of the Song Sparrow (1937).	Margaret Morse Nice	ornithologist
occupation	Gus Gaches is a tenor singer for the Southern Gospel quartet Legacy Five.	Gus Gaches	singer
occupation	Edie Adams (April 16, 1927 -- October 15, 2008) was an American businesswoman, singer, Broadway, television and film actress, and comedienne.	Edie Adams	singer
occupation	Jean Gery (before 1638 -- 1690?) (also spelled Jean Jarry, Yan Jarri or Jean Henri) was a French explorer and a deserter from the La Salle expedition of 1685.	Jean Gery	explorer
occupation	Gregorio Mariani (Ascoli Piceno, August 24, 1833 -- Rome, January 23, 1902) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre and costume genre subjects in oil and watercolor, in addition to portraits.	Gregorio Mariani	painter
occupation	Ronnie del Carmen (born December 31, 1959) is a Filipino animation film director, writer, story artist, story supervisor and production designer.	Ronnie del Carmen	film director
occupation	Annie Warburton Goodrich (February 6, 1866 -- December 31, 1954) was an American nurse and academic.	Annie Warburton Goodrich	nurse
occupation	Muhammad Qasim Khan Suri is a Pakistani politician who presides over the Baluchistan chapter of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf.	Qasim Khan Suri	politician
occupation	He played the role of a toll booth worker who pretended to be the famous singer/musician Rick Springfield in an attempt to impress women.	Rick Springfield	singer
occupation	Sardar Ghulam Muhammad Khan Mahar (Urdu: سردار غلام محمد خان مهر) was chief of the Mahar tribe, besides this he was a prominent politician and philinthropist of the Sukkur District.	Ghulam Muhammad Khan Mahar	politician
occupation	Clarence Elvin Feltner, Jr, (August 29, 1929 -- May 31, 2013) was an American film producer, television broadcaster and telecommunications entrepreneur.	Elvin Feltner	film producer
occupation	Jane Wade (also known as Holman) (born c1966) is a Tyneside multi-talented singer/actress from Newcastle.	Jane Wade	singer
occupation	Xenophon of Ephesus (Greek: Ξενοφῶν; fl. 2nd century -- 3rd century AD) was a Greek writer.	Xenophon of Ephesus	writer
occupation	Wendy Orr is a Canadian-born Australian writer born in Edmonton, Alberta.	Wendy Orr	writer
occupation	Halldórr ókristni (The Unchristian) was a Norse skald, active around the year 1000.	Halldórr ókristni	skald
occupation	Brian D'Amato is an American author and sculptor.	Brian D'Amato	author	sculptor
occupation	Joe Pass (born Joseph Anthony Jacobi Passalacqua, January 13, 1929 -- May 23, 1994) was an American virtuoso jazz guitarist of Sicilian descent.	Joe Pass	guitarist
occupation	Alberto Nelson ``Al Hurricane'' Sanchez (born July 10, 1936) is an American singer-songwriter, dubbed ``The Godfather'' of New Mexico music.	Al Hurricane	singer-songwriter
occupation	Huang Zhizhong, (simplified Chinese: 黄志忠; traditional Chinese: 黃志忠; pinyin: Hǘang Zhìzhōng) born 5 March 1969 in Tientsin, China is a Chinese actor.	Huang Zhizhong	actor
occupation	Maria Cantemir (1700--1754) was a Romanian noblewoman, a lady in waiting and salonist, and a mistress of Peter the Great.	Maria Cantemir	lady in waiting
occupation	Stephen Busby FRS is a British biochemist, and professor at the University of Birmingham.	Stephen Busby	biochemist
occupation	Damian Loeb (born 1970) is an American painter and photographer.	Damian Loeb	painter	photographer
occupation	Josh Sampo (born July 24, 1984) is an American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in Ultimate Fighting Championship's flyweight division.	Josh Sampo	mixed martial artist
occupation	Martin Bernheimer (born September 28, 1936, in Munich, Germany) is an American music critic.	Martin Bernheimer	music critic
occupation	Kayrat Tuntekov (Kaz: Қайрат Түнтеков) (born February 14, 1986 in Shymkent, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union) is a Kazakh singer who rose to popularity after winning SuperStar KZ 2, the Kazakh version of Pop Idol, shown by Perviy Kanal Evraziya.	Kayrat Tuntekov	singer
occupation	V. Gowthaman (Tamil: வ. கவுதமன்) is a Tamil film director and actor.	V. Gowthaman	film director
occupation	Christian L. Poorman (October 28, 1825 -- March 6, 1912) was a United States politician in the Ohio House of Representatives and Ohio Secretary of State from 1892-1893.	Christian L. Poorman	politician
occupation	Jenna Mattison is an American actress, screenwriter and producer.	Jenna Mattison	screenwriter
occupation	John Byner (born June 28, 1937) is an American actor, comedian, and impressionist who has had a lengthy television and movie career.	John Byner	actor
occupation	Janet Blair (April 23, 1921 -- February 19, 2007) was a big band singer who went on to become a popular American film and television actress.	Janet Blair	singer
occupation	Philip Lindholm (10 December) is an American singer-songwriter, filmmaker, and academic from Seattle, Washington.	Philip Lindholm	singer-songwriter
occupation	Maurizio Bevilacqua, PC, BA (born June 1, 1960) is a Canadian politician and mayor of Vaughan, Ontario.	Maurizio Bevilacqua	politician
occupation	Cory Bowles (born August 27, 1973) is a Canadian actor, director and choreographer.	Cory Bowles	choreographer
occupation	Molcie Lou Halsell Rodenberger (September 21, 1926 -- April 9, 2009) was a Texas author, educator, professor, and journalist.	Lou Halsell Rodenberger	author	journalist
occupation	Norah McCarthy was a Canadian figure skater who competed in single skating winning the 1940 national title, and pair skating.	Norah McCarthy	figure skater
occupation	Felix Cane (born 9 December 1984) is an Australian professional dancer and world champion pole dancer.	Felix Cane	dancer
occupation	Yusuf Cassim is a South African Democratic Alliance politician and Member of Parliament.	Yusuf Cassim	politician
occupation	Miloš Korolija (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Королија), (November 21, 1981) is a Serbian water polo player.	Miloš Korolija	water polo player
occupation	Naomi Schaefer Riley is an American journalist, syndicated columnist, lecturer, non-fiction writer, editor, and blogger, for, among other news outlets, The New York Post.	Naomi Schaefer Riley	journalist
occupation	Garvin Thomas Snell, known professionally by his screen name Garvin Thomas is a television journalist currently with NBC Bay Area, KNTV, in the San Francisco Bay Area.	Garvin Thomas	journalist
occupation	Raoul Pantin (June 5, 1943 -- January 15, 2015) was a Trinidadian journalist, editor, poet and playwright.	Raoul Pantin	journalist	poet	playwright
occupation	Pietro Taglia (fl. second half of the 16th century) was an Italian composer of the Renaissance, active in Milan, known for his madrigals.	Pietro Taglia	composer
occupation	Sainkho Namtchylak (born 1957) is a singer originally from Tuva, an autonomous republic in the Russian Federation just north of Mongolia.	Sainkho Namtchylak	singer
occupation	James Boiling (born April 8, 1968) was an Indian-born English cricketer.	James Boiling	cricketer
occupation	Robert A. Zarnoch (born September 19, 1945) is an American lawyer and jurist.	Robert A. Zarnoch	lawyer
occupation	Robert Malone Bugg was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for Tennessee's 7th congressional district.	Robert Malone Bugg	politician
occupation	Scott Bradlee (born September 19, 1981) is an American musician, pianist, composer, and arranger.	Scott Bradlee	musician
occupation	Mary Ellen Rudin (December 7, 1924 -- March 18, 2013) was an American mathematician known for her work in set-theoretic topology.	Mary Ellen Rudin	mathematician
occupation	Jerry Mitchell is an American theatre director and choreographer.	Jerry Mitchell	choreographer
occupation	Bill Roorbach (born August, 1953 Chicago, Illinois) is an American novelist, short story and nature writer, memoirist, journalist, blogger and critic.	Bill Roorbach	novelist
occupation	Sarah Chen is a Taiwanese singer who became famous during the late-1980s and early-1990s.	Sarah Chen	singer
occupation	Keren Mor (Hebrew: קרן מור; born December 30, 1964) is an Israeli actress and comedian.	Keren Mor	comedian
occupation	Ross Powers (born February 10, 1979), is an American world champion halfpipe snowboarder from South Londonderry, Vermont.	Ross Powers	snowboarder
occupation	Slavko Mijušković (Serbian Cyrillic: Славко Мијушковић, June 28, 1912 -- December 15, 1989) was a Yugoslav historian, who studied the history of Montenegro and especially the Bay of Kotor.	Slavko Mijušković	historian
occupation	Samad Seyidov Ismayil oglu (Azerbaijani: Səməd Seyidov İsmayıl oğlu; born on January 18, 1964) is a professor and an Azerbaijani politician who serves as the Member of National Assembly of Azerbaijan from the 36th Khatai electoral district.	Samad Seyidov	politician
occupation	Pisut Praesangeam (Thai: พิสุทธิ์ แพร่แสงเอี่ยม, also Pisuth Praesaeng-Iam) is a Thai actor, film director, film producer and screenwriter.	Pisut Praesangeam	film director
occupation	Jacqueline Royer (1884 -- 19??) was a French opera singer who sang leading contralto and mezzo-soprano roles at the Opéra de Paris, London's Royal Opera House, the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires, and the Opéra de Monte-Carlo.	Jacqueline Royer	singer
occupation	Zdenko Hans Skraup (March 3, 1850 -- September 10, 1910) was a Czech-Austrian chemist who discovered the Skraup reaction, the first quinoline synthesis.	Zdenko Hans Skraup	chemist
occupation	Marjan Pejoski (Macedonian: Марјан Пејоски) is a Macedonian fashion designer who lives and works in the UK.	Marjan Pejoski	fashion designer
occupation	Roland van Benthem (born February 24, 1968 in Emmeloord) is a Dutch politician and former civil servant.	Roland van Benthem	politician
occupation	Louis Chaudet was an American film director of the silent movie era.	Louis Chaudet	film director
occupation	Robert Hegyes (pronounced Hedges; May 7, 1951 -- January 26, 2012) was an American actor best known for his portrayal of high school student Juan Epstein on the 1970s American sitcom Welcome Back, Kotter and as detective Manny Esposito on the 1980s American crime drama Cagney & Lacey.	Robert Hegyes	actor
occupation	Tim Uppal, PC (born November 14, 1974) is a Canadian politician, banker, and radio host.	Tim Uppal	politician
occupation	Jane Fulton Alt (born May 26, 1951) is an American photographer who explores issues of love, loss, and spirituality in her work.	Jane Fulton Alt	photographer
occupation	Anne Windfohr Marion is an American rancher, horse breeder, business executive, philanthropist and art collector from Fort Worth, Texas.	Anne Windfohr Marion	rancher
occupation	Thomas Corwin Mendenhall (October 4, 1841 -- March 23, 1924) was an American autodidact physicist and meteorologist.	Thomas Corwin Mendenhall	physicist	meteorologist
occupation	Raseen Mohammed Imam is a Sri Lankan politician and former Member of Parliament.	Raseen Mohammed Imam	politician
original network	Cleverdicks is a game show that originally aired on Sky Atlantic, hosted by Ann Widdecombe, now shown on Challenge.	Cleverdicks	Sky Atlantic
original network	Then Came Bronson is an American adventure/drama television series starring Michael Parks that aired on NBC from 1969 to 1970, and was produced by MGM Television.	Then Came Bronson	NBC
original network	News Café is a now-defunct public affairs program produced by 9News and broadcast by 9TV (formerly Solar News Channel) from November 30, 2012 until March 12, 2015.	News Café	Solar News Channel
original network	Don Matteo is an Italian television series that has been airing since 2000 on the premier channel of Italian national television, Rai 1.	Don Matteo	Rai 1
original network	Time Team Digs is a British television series that aired on Channel 4 in 2002.	Time Team Digs	Channel 4
original network	Mulligrubs was an Australian television series that aired on Network Ten from 3 October 1988 to 27 December 1996.	Mulligrubs	Network Ten
original network	Inside Politics is a television current news program on CNN.	Inside Politics	CNN
original network	Bad Robots is a British television prank show on E4.	Bad Robots	E4
original network	Ego Trip's Miss Rap Supreme is an American reality television series that airs on the VH1 cable network.	Ego Trip's Miss Rap Supreme	VH1
original network	The Nine Lives of Chloe King is an American fantasy drama television series which premiered on ABC Family on June 14, 2011, and ended on August 16, 2011.	The Nine Lives of Chloe King	ABC Family
original network	Hulk Hogan's Rock 'n' Wrestling is an American animated television series that originally aired on CBS Saturday mornings from September 14, 1985 to December 6, 1986, with reruns airing until June 27, 1987.	Hulk Hogan's Rock 'n' Wrestling	CBS
original network	10vor10 (literally ``9.50 pm'') is the title of a current affairs show on German-speaking Swiss public television channel SRF 1.	10vor10	SRF 1
original network	My Gym Partner's a Monkey is an American animated television series that was created by Tim Cahill and Julie McNally-Cahill and produced by Cartoon Network Studios.	My Gym Partner's a Monkey	Cartoon Network
original network	To Nisi (Greek: Το Νησί; English: The Island) is a Greek television series based on the best-selling English novel The Island by Victoria Hislop airing on Mega Channel.	To Nisi	Mega Channel
original network	T-Bag is a witch-like character who appears in a television series that ran from 1985 to 1992 on Children's ITV.	T-Bag	ITV
original network	The Mysti Show was a British children's television programme, produced by Mystical Productions for the BBC in 2004-2005.	The Mysti Show	BBC
original network	Flop Show is an Indian television sitcom that first aired on Doordarshan in 1989.	Flop Show	Doordarshan
original network	24 Hours in the Past was a BBC One living history TV series first broadcast in 2015.	24 Hours in the Past	BBC One
original network	See It Now was an American newsmagazine and documentary series broadcast by CBS from 1951 to 1958.	See It Now	CBS
original network	Pair of Kings is an American television sitcom shown on the cable channel Disney XD.	Pair of Kings	Disney XD
original network	Big Love is an American television drama that aired on HBO between March 2006 and March 2011.	Big Love	HBO
original network	South of Sunset is an American TV detective series, starring musician/actor Glenn Frey, that only aired one episode on CBS in 1993.	South of Sunset	CBS
original network	Dash Dolls is an American reality television series that premiered on the E! cable network, on September 20, 2015.	Dash Dolls	E
original network	Football Huddle was a Canadian sports talk show television series which aired on CBC Television in 1960.	Football Huddle	CBC Television
original network	Kurt Vonnegut's Monkey House is a Canadian television anthology series which aired on the Showtime network from 1991 to 1993.	Kurt Vonnegut's Monkey House	Showtime
original network	¡Qué buena se puso Lola!, it is a Venezuelan telenovela produced and broadcast by RCTV.	¡Qué buena se puso Lola!	RCTV
original network	Gemini Man is an American action/adventure drama series that aired on NBC in 1976.	Gemini Man	NBC
original network	The Paul Winchell Show, or The Paul Winchell and Jerry Mahoney Show, or The Spiedel Show, was a variety program which aired on NBC prime time from 1950 to 1954, starring ventriloquist Paul Winchell and his dummy, Jerry Mahoney.	The Paul Winchell Show	NBC
original network	Kareena Kareena was a Zee TV comedy serial that aired from September 1, 2004 to 17 October 2005.	Kareena Kareena	Zee TV
original network	True Crime with Aphrodite Jones is an American documentary television series airing on Investigation Discovery, hosted by Aphrodite Jones.	True Crime with Aphrodite Jones	Investigation Discovery
original network	Face the Nation is an American Sunday morning political interview show broadcast on the CBS television network.	Face the Nation	CBS
original network	Tough Cookies is a comedy television series that aired on CBS in 1986; six episodes were broadcast.	Tough Cookies	CBS
original network	Special Unit 2 is an American sci-fi/comedy television series, filmed in Vancouver, BC that aired on UPN for two seasons from April 2001 through February 2002.	Special Unit 2	UPN
original network	New Zealand's Top 100 History Makers was a weekly television programme first shown on Prime Television New Zealand on 6 October 2005.	New Zealand's Top 100 History Makers	Prime
original network	The Sunday Comics is a prime time showcase of comedy broadcast in the United States by Fox Broadcasting Company in 1991 and 1992.	The Sunday Comics	Fox Broadcasting Company
original network	Grill Me is a USA Network game show that aired its pilot (and only episode) on September 9, 1996.	Grill Me	USA Network
original network	Buku Harian Nayla (Nayla's Diary) is an Indonesian Christian television drama which aired on RCTI.	Buku Harian Nayla	RCTI
original network	The Chevrolet Tele-Theatre is an American anthology series that aired live on NBC Mondays at 8 pm EST from September 27, 1948 to June 26, 1950.	The Chevrolet Tele-Theatre	NBC
original network	Broken News is a comedy programme shown on BBC Two in late 2005.	Broken News	BBC Two
original network	Dhani Tackles the Globe was an American documentary television series hosted by NFL linebacker Dhani Jones of the Cincinnati Bengals, currently airing on the Travel Channel; the series followed Jones around the globe as he learned how to play international sports and simultaneously explored the culture of each location.	Dhani Tackles the Globe	Travel Channel
original network	The Voice of Vietnam (Vietnamese: Giọng hát Việt) is a reality television singing competition created by John de Mol. It is scheduled to premiere in Vietnam in July 2012 on Vietnam Television.	The Voice of Vietnam	Vietnam Television
original network	Next Caller is an unaired American television comedy series that was scheduled to premiere mid-season on NBC as part of the 2012--13 television schedule.	Next Caller	NBC
original network	The Arena Football League on ESPN is a presentation of the league with games airing on ESPN, ESPN2, ESPNEWS, and ESPN3 as with all other sports the ESPN family of networks all Arena Football games air on The WatchESPN App also.	Arena Football League on ESPN	ESPN2
original network	Naked Josh was a Canadian television series broadcast on Showcase.	Naked Josh	Showcase
original network	69 Sexy Things 2 Do Before You Die (stylized 69 Sexy Things 2 Do B4U Die) was a Playboy TV adult newsmagazine profiling exotic locales, outdoor adventures and current erotic trends.	69 Sexy Things 2 Do Before You Die	Playboy TV
parent taxon	Carinurella paradoxa is a species of crustacean in family Niphargidae, and the only species in the genus Carinurella.	Carinurella	Niphargidae
parent taxon	Drynaria, commonly known as basket ferns, is a genus of ferns in the family Polypodiaceae.	Drynaria	Polypodiaceae
parent taxon	Hypolaena is a plant genus in the family Restionaceae, described as a genus in 1810.	Hypolaena	Restionaceae
parent taxon	The Malagasy crowned eagle (Stephanoaetus mahery), also known as the Madagascar crowned hawk-eagle, was a large bird of prey, comparable in size to the African crowned eagle, that inhabited Madagascar until 1500 AD.	Malagasy crowned eagle	Stephanoaetus
parent taxon	The Balsas shiner (Notropis boucardi) is a species of freshwater fish endemic to Mexico.	Balsas shiner	Notropis
parent taxon	Streptostyla is a genus of predatory, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Spiraxidae.	Streptostyla	Spiraxidae
parent taxon	Physocarpus, commonly called ninebark, is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rosaceae, native to North America (most species) and northeastern Asia (one species).	Physocarpus	Rosaceae
parent taxon	The Electra's tree-nymph (Idea electra) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Electra's tree-nymph	Idea
parent taxon	The African gecko, Cnemaspis africana, is a species of gecko found in Central Africa.	African gecko	Cnemaspis
parent taxon	However, Piceoerpeton is unrelated to the Cryptobranchidae; instead it appears to be a member of the extinct family Scapherpetontidae.	Piceoerpeton	Scapherpetontidae
parent taxon	The Chacoan peccary or tagua (Catagonus wagneri) is a species of peccary found in the Gran Chaco of Paraguay, Bolivia, and Argentina.	Chacoan peccary	Catagonus
parent taxon	Pentagenia, similar to Hexagenia, is a genus of insect in the family Ephemeridae, commonly referred to as burrowing mayflies.	Pentagenia	Ephemeridae
parent taxon	The Hispaniolan edible rat (Brotomys voratus) is an extinct species of rodent in the family Echimyidae.	Hispaniolan edible rat	Brotomys
parent taxon	Alnus viridis (green alder) is an alder distributed widely across the cooler parts of the Northern Hemisphere.	Alnus viridis	alder
parent taxon	Later studies indicated that Aphaerema should be classified in the willow family, Salicaceae, and combined with the genus Abatia.	Aphaerema	Salicaceae
parent taxon	Hydrocera is a genus of flowering plants in the family Balsaminaceae (Balsams).	Hydrocera	Balsaminaceae
parent taxon	Speckled puffer, Sphoeroides yergeri, is a species in the family Tetraodontidae, or pufferfishes.	Speckled puffer	Sphoeroides
parent taxon	The Chelidae are one of three living families of the turtle suborder Pleurodira and are commonly called the Austro-South American side-neck turtles.	Chelidae	Pleurodira
parent taxon	The Swinhoe's rail (Coturnicops exquisitus) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	Swinhoe's rail	Coturnicops
parent taxon	The Bhutan giant flying squirrel (Petaurista nobilis) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Bhutan giant flying squirrel	Petaurista
parent taxon	Macrocheraia is a genus of bug in the family Largidae with a single species, Macrocheraia grandis found mainly in Southeast Asia but extending into parts of South Asia.	Macrocheraia	Largidae
parent taxon	Furconthophagus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea, more usually treated as a subgenus of Onthophagus	Furconthophagus	Scarabaeidae
parent taxon	Bryopsidales is an order of green algae, in the class Bryopsidophyceae.	Bryopsidales	Bryopsidophyceae
parent taxon	Purshia (bitterbrush or cliff-rose) is a small genus of 5-8 species of flowering plants in the family Rosaceae, native to western North America, where they grow in dry climates from southeast British Columbia in Canada south throughout the western United States to northern Mexico.	Purshia	Rosaceae
parent taxon	Osyris is a genus of plants in the family Santalaceae, one of the many genera known as sandalwoods.	Osyris	Santalaceae
parent taxon	Orchipedidae is a flatworm family in the sub order Echinostomata.	Orchipedidae	Echinostomata
parent taxon	The D'Entrecasteaux Archipelago pogonomys (Pogonomys fergussoniensis), also known as the D'Entrecasteaux Archipelago tree mouse, is a species of prehensile-tailed rat from the family Muridae that is endemic to Papua New Guinea.	D'Entrecasteaux Archipelago pogonomys	Pogonomys
parent taxon	The Rio skate (Rioraja agassizii) is a shallow water skate native to the Atlantic coast of South America from Brazil to southern Argentina.	Rio skate	Rioraja
parent taxon	Phanagnathus overlaeti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Phanagnathus.	Phanagnathus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Paxia is a genus of plants in the family Connaraceae, first described as a genus in 1891.	Paxia	Connaraceae
parent taxon	Clingfishes are fishes of the family Gobiesocidae, belonging to the order Gobiesociformes.	Gobiesocidae	Gobiesociformes
parent taxon	Ventridens is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Zonitidae, the true glass snails.	Ventridens	Zonitidae
parent taxon	Brachyctis rugulosa is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Brachyctis.	Brachyctis	Carabidae
parent taxon	Paracerceis is a genus of isopod crustacean in the family Sphaeromatidae.	Paracerceis	Sphaeromatidae
parent taxon	Manatees (family Trichechidae, genus Trichechus) are large, fully aquatic, mostly herbivorous marine mammals sometimes known as sea cows.	Manatee	Trichechidae
parent taxon	Dipelta is a genus of three large, deciduous shrubs that are members of the family Caprifoliaceae.	Dipelta	Caprifoliaceae
parent taxon	Auximobasis is a genus of the gelechioid moth family Blastobasidae.	Auximobasis	Blastobasidae
parent taxon	The Atlantic thread herring, Opisthonema oglinum, is a herring-like fish in the family Clupeidae.	Atlantic thread herring	Opisthonema
parent taxon	Lagden's bushshrike (Malaconotus lagdeni) is a bird species in the bushshrike family (Malaconotidae).	Lagden's bushshrike	Malaconotus
parent taxon	Condalia is a genus of spiny shrubs in the tribe Rhamneae of the buckthorn family, Rhamnaceae.	Condalia	Rhamnaceae
parent taxon	Acamptopappus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae described as a genus in 1873.	Acamptopappus	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Nolana is the only genus in the Solanaceae which has a fruit composed of mericarps, although its flower and other vegetative morphology is similar to other plants in this family.	Nolana	Solanaceae
parent taxon	Ussuritidae are ancestral, Triassic, Phylloceratina characterized by generally smooth, discoidal, evolute shells with rounded venters and little or no ornamentation and by sutures with primitive monophyllitic saddles with a single terminal branch or leaflet.	Ussuritidae	Phylloceratina
parent taxon	Trematotegmen is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae.	Trematotegmen	Trematosauridae
parent taxon	Tricheunidia fuscovariegata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Tricheunidia.	Tricheunidia fuscovariegata	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Parophthalmoptera picea is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Parophthalmoptera of the family Ulidiidae.	Parophthalmoptera picea	Ulidiidae
parent taxon	The Cameroon rainforest snake or Dendrolycus elapoides is a species of colubrid snake.	Cameroon rainforest snake	Dendrolycus
parent taxon	Betula platyphylla, the Japanese white birch or Siberian silver birch, is a tree species belonging to the genus Betula.	Betula platyphylla	birch
parent taxon	The Grasse's shrew (Crocidura grassei) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Grasse's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Ablattaria is a genus of burying beetles or carrion beetles belonging to the family Silphidae.	Ablattaria	Silphidae
parent taxon	Xenoceltitidae are evolute, generally ribbed, upper Lower Triassic Ceratitida with ceratitic or goniatitic sutures; formerly included in the Noritaceae but now placed in the Xenodiscaceae.	Xenoceltitidae	Xenodiscaceae
parent taxon	Eurymerus eburioides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Eurymerus.	Eurymerus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Reineckeiidae is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod famuly belonging to the superfamily Perisphinctoidea.	Reineckeiidae	Perisphinctoidea
parent taxon	The Christmas frigatebird or Christmas Island frigatebird (Fregata andrewsi) is a seabird of the frigatebird family Fregatidae which is endemic to Christmas Island in the Indian Ocean.	Christmas frigatebird	Fregata
parent taxon	Lichtenfelder's gecko, Goniurosaurus lichtenfelderi, is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.	Lichtenfelder's gecko	Goniurosaurus
parent taxon	Lambdotheriidae is an extinct family of the Perissodactyla (odd-toed ungulate) order (that is, browsing and grazing animals).	Lambdotheriidae	Perissodactyla
parent taxon	The Milagros' tiger (Parantica milagros) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Milagros' tiger	Parantica
parent taxon	Terebra is a genus of small to large-sized predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Terebra	Terebridae
parent taxon	Navosoma luctuosum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Navosoma.	Navosoma	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Rickart's dyak fruit bat (Dyacopterus rickarti) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae found in Luzon and Mindanao islands, in the Philippines.	Rickart's dyak fruit bat	Dyacopterus
parent taxon	The Malabar danio (Devario malabaricus formerly Danio malabaricus) is a tropical fish belonging to the minnow family (Cyprinidae).	Malabar danio	Devario
parent taxon	Phylogenetic analyses of crocodyliforms find Paralligatoridae to nest within Neosuchia, a large clade (evolutionary grouping) that also includes modern crocodylians.	Paralligatoridae	Neosuchia
parent taxon	Docofossor was placed in the Docodontidae together with Docodon and Haldanodon.	Docofossor	Docodontidae
parent taxon	Murid herpesvirus 4 (MuHV 4) is a virus in the genus Rhadinovirus.	Murid herpesvirus 4	Rhadinovirus
parent taxon	The European pied flycatcher (Ficedula hypoleuca) is a small passerine bird in the Old World flycatcher family.	European pied flycatcher	Ficedula
parent taxon	Isochilus is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae) with 13 recognized species.	Isochilus	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Jardinella is a genus of small freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Jardinella	Hydrobiidae
parent taxon	Kittlidiscidae is an extinct family of Middle Triassic gastropods in the superfamily Pleurotomarioidea, named to contain the genus Kittlidiscus and included in the Vetigastropoda.	Kittlidiscidae	Pleurotomarioidea
parent taxon	Cosmisomopsis viridis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Cosmisomopsis.	Cosmisomopsis	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Pantadenia is a genus of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1925.	Pantadenia	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	The Kickxellales are an order of fungi classified under Kickxellomycotina.	Kickxellales	Kickxellomycotina
parent taxon	Cantor's giant softshell turtle or Asian giant softshell turtle (Pelochelys cantorii) is a species of freshwater turtle.	Cantor's giant softshell turtle	Pelochelys
parent taxon	Pachyanthus is a thorney shrub with edible berries in the genus of plant in family Melastomataceae.	Pachyanthus	Melastomataceae
parent taxon	Botta's serotine (Eptesicus bottae) is a species of vesper bat, one for 25 in the genus Eptesicus.	Botta's serotine	Eptesicus
parent taxon	The Tongan ground dove (Gallicolumba stairi), also known as the shy ground dove, is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Tongan ground dove	Gallicolumba
parent taxon	Ochyrotica is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family and only genus in the Ochyroticinae subfamily.	Ochyrotica	Ochyroticinae
parent taxon	Brunfelsia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Solanaceae, the nightshades.	Brunfelsia	Solanaceae
parent taxon	Scoloderus is a genus of orb-weaving spider of the family Araneidae which feed largely on nocturnal moths.	Scoloderus	Araneidae
parent taxon	Haplopleuroceras is a Middle Jurassic ammonite and likely member of the Hildoceratacean family Sonniniidae with which it shares the same sort of ribbing.	Haplopleuroceras	Sonniniidae
parent taxon	The Natal sand frog (Tomopterna natalensis) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family.	Natal sand frog	Tomopterna
parent taxon	Parasphaerion granulosum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Parasphaerion.	Parasphaerion	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Caltha is a genus of rhizomatous perennial flowering plants in the family Ranunculaceae (``buttercup family''), to which ten species have been assigned.	Caltha	Ranunculaceae
parent taxon	The Palau owl (Pyrroglaux podarginus) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Palau owl	Pyrroglaux
parent taxon	The Narcondam hornbill (Rhyticeros narcondami) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family.	Narcondam hornbill	Rhyticeros
parent taxon	The Microdesmidae, the wormfishes and dartfishes, are a family of goby-like fishes in the order Perciformes.	Microdesmidae	Perciformes
parent taxon	Denham's bustard, Stanley bustard or Stanley's bustard (Neotis denhami) is a large bird in the bustard family.	Denham's bustard	Neotis
parent taxon	The Sharpe's apalis (Apalis sharpii) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.	Sharpe's apalis	Apalis
parent taxon	Mallodonhoplus nobilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Mallodonhoplus.	Mallodonhoplus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Sierra Madre ground squirrel (Callospermophilus madrensis) is a species of rodent in the squirrel family.	Sierra Madre ground squirrel	Callospermophilus
parent taxon	Paratya is a genus of freshwater shrimp of the family Atyidae, found in various islands in the Pacific Ocean.	Paratya	Atyidae
parent taxon	Pelicans are a genus of large water birds that makes up the family Pelecanidae.	Pelican	Pelecanidae
parent taxon	Cimicoidea is the name of a superfamily of insects belonging to the infraorder Cimicomorpha that have a mandible modified as a straw-like rostrum used for feeding on animals as their host or prey.	Cimicoidea	Cimicomorpha
parent taxon	The Indian pipistrelle (Pipistrellus coromandra) is a species of bat in the family Vespertilionidae found in Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, India, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Thailand, and Vietnam.	Indian pipistrelle	Pipistrellus
parent taxon	Cope's brown treefrog or fringe-limbed treefrog (Ecnomiohyla miliaria) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.	Cope's brown treefrog	Ecnomiohyla
parent taxon	The Kenai Peninsula wolf (Canis lupus alces), also known as the Kenai Peninsula grey wolf, was a sub-species of the gray wolf, Canis lupus, that lived on a peninsula in southern Alaska known as Kenai Peninsula.	Kenai Peninsula wolf	gray wolf
parent taxon	Acrosticta is a genus of picture-winged flies in the family Ulidiidae.	Acrosticta	Ulidiidae
parent taxon	The APG II system assigns the Strelitziaceae to the order Zingiberales in the commelinid clade.	Strelitziaceae	Zingiberales
parent taxon	Strophomena is a genus of brachiopods belonging to the order Strophomenida family Strophomenidae, named by Rafinesque in 1824.	Strophomena	Strophomenidae
parent taxon	The Anguilloidei are a suborder of the order Anguilliformes (the eels) containing six families:	Anguilloidei	Anguilliformes
parent taxon	Class Synapsida Eupelycosauria Sphenacodontia †Haptodus †Palaeohatteria †Pantelosaurus Sphenacodontoidea	Sphenacodontia	Eupelycosauria
parent taxon	The Bearded puffer, Sphoeroides tyleri, is a species in the family Tetraodontidae (or pufferfish) which is typically found in marine coastal waters of the West Atlantic from Colombia to Southeastern Brazil.	Bearded puffer	Sphoeroides
parent taxon	The Port Jackson shark (Heterodontus portusjacksoni) is a nocturnal, oviparous (egg laying) type of bullhead shark of the family Heterodontidae, found in the coastal region of southern Australia, including the waters off Port Jackson.	Port Jackson shark	Heterodontus
parent taxon	Zenker's fruit bat (Scotonycteris zenkeri) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family.	Zenker's fruit bat	Scotonycteris
parent taxon	The Ascalaphinae are the namesake subfamily of the owlfly family (Ascalaphidae), winged insects of the order Neuroptera.	Ascalaphinae	Ascalaphidae
parent taxon	Protomegabaria is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1911.	Protomegabaria	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	The Christmas shearwater (Puffinus nativitatis) is a medium-sized shearwater of the tropical Central Pacific.	Christmas shearwater	Puffinus
parent taxon	Telminostelma is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1885.	Telminostelma	Apocynaceae
parent taxon	The Cravenoceratidae is one of six families included in the ammonoid superfamily Neoglyphiocerataceae, which lived during the latter part of the Paleozoic era.	Cravenoceratidae	Neoglyphiocerataceae
parent taxon	The genus by itself constitutes the family Balanopaceae (formerly the spelling Balanopsidaceae was also used).	Balanops	Balanopaceae
parent taxon	The Inca flycatcher (Leptopogon taczanowskii) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Inca flycatcher	Leptopogon
parent taxon	The Visayan bulbul (Hypsipetes mindorensis) is a songbird species in the bulbul family (Pycnonotidae).	Visayan bulbul	Hypsipetes
parent taxon	The Jobi tree frog (Litoria obtusirostris) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.	Jobi tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Epalzeorhynchos is a small ray-finned fish genus of the family Cyprinidae.	Epalzeorhynchos	Cyprinidae
parent taxon	The Northland green gecko, Naultinus grayii, is a species of gecko found only in the Northland region of New Zealand, north of Whangaroa; it is one of the rarest and most highly sought after lizards.	Northland green gecko	Naultinus
parent taxon	Urtea graeca is a species of beetle in the family Lymexylidae, the only species in the genus Urtea.	Urtea	Lymexylidae
parent taxon	Petrimagnia horricoma is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Petrimagnia.	Petrimagnia	Carabidae
parent taxon	Periaulax is an extinct genus of gastropods in the Trochidae family.	Periaulax	Trochidae
parent taxon	Bicuiba is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the nutmeg family, Myristicaceae.	Bicuiba	Myristicaceae
parent taxon	The Egyptian mongoose (Herpestes ichneumon), also known as the ichneumon, is a species of mongoose.	Egyptian mongoose	Herpestes
parent taxon	The May highflyer (Hydriomena impluviata) is a moth of the family Geometridae.	May highflyer	Hydriomena
parent taxon	Harpetida is one of the nine orders of the extinct arthropod class Trilobita.	Harpetida	Trilobita
parent taxon	Chaetocorophium is very closely related to Paracorophium, and some researchers propose synonymising the two genera.	Chaetocorophium	Paracorophium
parent taxon	Fraxinus berlandieriana (Mexican ash) is a tree native to eastern and northeastern Mexico and to the south-central United States.	Fraxinus berlandieriana	ash
parent taxon	The Imienpo Station frog, Glandirana emeljanovi, is a species of frog found in Northeast Asia.	Imienpo Station frog	Glandirana
parent taxon	Echinix is the only genus in the family Echinichidae, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Xanthonychoidea.	Echinix	Echinichidae
parent taxon	The Loganiaceae are a family of flowering plants classified in order Gentianales.	Loganiaceae	Gentianales
parent taxon	The Parana river stingray (Potamotrygon schuemacheri) is a species of fish in the Potamotrygonidae family.	Parana river stingray	Potamotrygon
parent taxon	Aclistomycter was named and assigned to Merycoidodontidae by Wilson (1971) and Lander (1998)	Aclistomycter	Merycoidodontidae
parent taxon	Turkiella is a genus of mite in the family Laelapidae.	Turkiella	Laelapidae
parent taxon	Phalium, common name the bonnet shells, is a genus of large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cassidae, the helmet shells, bonnet shells and their allies.	Phalium	Cassidae
parent taxon	Blastophaga is a wasp genus in the family Agaonidae (fig wasps) which pollinate figs or are otherwise associated with figs, a coevolutional relationship that has been developing for at least 80 million years.	Blastophaga	Agaonidae
parent taxon	Adomia is a genus of fungi in the Xylariales order of the Ascomycota.	Adomia	Xylariales
parent taxon	Mehely's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus mehelyi) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae found in eastern Europe and parts of the Middle East.	Mehely's horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	Tavia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family endemic to Eurasia.	Tavia	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Fusitriton is a genus of large predatory sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Ranellidae, the tritons.	Fusitriton	Ranellidae
parent taxon	Aegagropila linnaei, known as Marimo (毬藻, literally ``ball seaweed'') in Japanese and as Cladophora ball, Lake ball, Mossimo or Moss Balls in English, is a species of filamentous green algae (Chlorophyta) found mostly in a number of lakes in the northern hemisphere.	Marimo	Aegagropila
parent taxon	The Hispaniolan yellow-mottled frog or painted robber frog, Eleutherodactylus pictissimus, is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Hispaniola and found in both the Dominican Republic and Haiti.	Hispaniolan yellow-mottled frog	Eleutherodactylus
parent taxon	Paradoris is a genus of sea slugs, dorid nudibranchs, shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.	Paradoris	Discodorididae
parent taxon	Felis margarita scheffeli is a subspecies of the sand cat that was described on the basis of seven deceased captive specimen originating from the Nushki desert in Pakistan.	Felis margarita scheffeli	sand cat
parent taxon	Eleutherine is a genus of herbaceous, perennial and bulbous plants in the Iris family (Iridaceae), first described as a genus in 1843.	Eleutherine	Iridaceae
parent taxon	Truyolsoceras is an Upper Devonian ammonite (subclass Ammonoidea) included in the goniatitid subfamily Aulatornoceratinae.	Truyolsoceras	Aulatornoceratinae
parent taxon	Lotosaurus was originally placed in its own family, Lotosauridae, which named by Zhang in 1975.	Lotosaurus	Lotosauridae
parent taxon	The Guabang Shan salamander, Hynobius guabangshanensis, is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to China, as it is only known from the locality from where it was described as a new species to science in 2004, at Guabang Shan Tree Farm in Qiyang County of Hunan Province.	Guabang Shan salamander	Hynobius
parent taxon	The Costa Rican brush finch or grey-striped brush finch (Arremon costaricensis) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.	Costa Rican brush finch	Arremon
parent taxon	Homo contained humans, Lemur contained four lemurs and a colugo, and Simia contained all the rest -- it was, in modern terms, a wastebasket taxon for the primates.	Simia	primates
parent taxon	The Worcester's buttonquail or Luzon buttonquail (Turnix worcesteri) -- named after Dean Conant Worcester -- is a species of bird in the Turnicidae family.	Worcester's buttonquail	Turnix
parent taxon	Strepsirrhini or Strepsirhini (i/ˌstrɛpsəˈraɪniː/; STREP-sə-RY-nee) is a suborder of primates that includes the lemuriform primates, which consist of the lemurs of Madagascar, galagos (``bushbabies'') and pottos from Africa, and the lorises from India and southeast Asia.	Strepsirrhini	primates
parent taxon	Eureptilia (``true reptiles'') is one of the two major clades of the Sauropsida, the other being Anapsida (or Parareptilia).	Eureptilia	Sauropsida
parent taxon	The West African pygmy herring (Sierrathrissa leonensis) is a very small fish, reaching a maximum length of 3 centimetres (1.2 in) SL, closely related to the herring, which is found in Africa.	West African pygmy herring	Sierrathrissa
parent taxon	Asymphorodes is a gelechioid moth genus in subfamily Agonoxeninae of the palm moth family (Agonoxenidae), whose taxonomic status is disputed.	Asymphorodes	Agonoxenidae
parent taxon	Watercress is an aquatic plant species with the botanical name Nasturtium officinale.	Watercress	Nasturtium
parent taxon	Platycleis is a genus of insect described by Fieber in 1852, belonging to the family Tettigoniidae, subfamily Tettigoniinae.	Platycleis	Tettigoniinae
parent taxon	Salim Ali's fruit bat (Latidens salimalii) is a rare megabat species in the monotypic genus Latidens.	Salim Ali's fruit bat	Latidens
parent taxon	Poulsenia is a monotypic genus of plants in the family Moraceae, native to rainforests from Mexico south through Venezuela to Bolivia.	Poulsenia	Moraceae
parent taxon	The Ethiopian narrow-headed rat (Stenocephalemys albocaudata) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Ethiopian narrow-headed rat	Stenocephalemys
parent taxon	Melaloncha is a genus of phorid flies (Diptera: Phoridae) commonly referred to as ``bee-killing flies''.	Melaloncha	Phoridae
parent taxon	Limacella is a genus of mushroom-forming fungi in the family Amanitaceae in order Agaricales.	Limacella	Amanitaceae
parent taxon	The Ecuadorian thrush (Turdus maculirostris) is a resident bird found in western South America in western Ecuador and northwestern Peru.	Ecuadorian thrush	Turdus
parent taxon	Ellobium is a genus of medium-sized, air-breathing, saltmarsh snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Ellobiidae.	Ellobium	Ellobiidae
parent taxon	Hemiphyllodactylus is a genus of geckos ranging from India and China southward to Southeast Asia and Oceania.	Hemiphyllodactylus	geckos
parent taxon	The Jamaican fig-eating bat (Ariteus flavescens) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.	Jamaican fig-eating bat	Ariteus
parent taxon	Acastidae is a family of trilobites in the order Phacopida, suborder Phacopina, superfamily Acastoidea, containing the following genera:	Acastidae	Acastoidea
parent taxon	Leptopoma is a genus of land snails with a gill and an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Cyclophoridae.	Leptopoma	Cyclophoridae
parent taxon	Acnistus is a genus of plants in the Solanaceae, the nightshade family.	Acnistus	Solanaceae
parent taxon	Promecoptera marginalis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Promecoptera.	Promecoptera	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Culicomorpha are an infraorder of Nematocera, including mosquitoes, black flies, and several extant and extinct families of insects.	Culicomorpha	Nematocera
parent taxon	The Mascarene grey parakeet or Thirioux's grey parrot (Psittacula bensoni), is an extinct species of parrot which was endemic to the Mascarene islands of Mauritius and Réunion in the western Indian Ocean.	Mascarene grey parakeet	Psittacula
parent taxon	Doxocopa is a genus of neotropical butterflies in the family Nymphalidae, subfamily Apaturinae.	Doxocopa	Apaturinae
parent taxon	Betelgeusia is an extinct genus of sea stars in the family Astropectinidae.	Betelgeusia	Astropectinidae
parent taxon	Toechima is a genus of small to medium-sized trees in the plant family Sapindaceae.	Toechima	Sapindaceae
parent taxon	Found only in Jamaica, the Jamaican tody (Todus todus) is a small and colourful bird, predominantly green above, with a red throat and yellow underparts, with some pink on the sides.	Jamaican tody	Todus
parent taxon	The Aztec mouse (Peromyscus aztecus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae, native to southern Mexico and parts of Central America.	Aztec mouse	Peromyscus
parent taxon	Echeveria is a large genus of flowering plants in the Crassulaceae family, native to semi-desert areas of Central America, Mexico and northwestern South America.	Echeveria	Crassulaceae
parent taxon	Neofavolus is a genus of three species of polypore fungi in the family Polyporaceae.	Neofavolus	Polyporaceae
parent taxon	Leuconopsis is a genus of minute air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Ellobiidae.	Leuconopsis	Ellobiidae
parent taxon	Nasolo's shrew tenrec (Microgale nasoloi) is a species of mammal in the family Tenrecidae.	Nasolo's shrew tenrec	Microgale
parent taxon	Oodiscus occurs in association with other Weymouthiidae (Acidiscus, Acimetopus, Analox, Bathydiscus, Bolboparia, Leptochilodiscus, Serrodiscus), and Calodiscus.	Oodiscus	Weymouthiidae
parent taxon	The Ecuadorian piculet (Picumnus sclateri) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.	Ecuadorian piculet	Picumnus
parent taxon	Finn's weaver or Finn's baya (Ploceus megarhynchus), also known as yellow weaver is a species of weaver bird found in the Ganges and Brahmaputra valleys in India and Nepal.	Finn's weaver	Ploceus
parent taxon	Interatherium is an extinct genus of Interatheriidae from the early Miocene.	Interatherium	Interatheriidae
parent taxon	Pleodorina is a genus of colonial green algae, specifically of the Volvocaceae.	Pleodorina	Volvocaceae
parent taxon	The Canivet's emerald or fork-tailed emerald (Chlorostilbon canivetii) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Canivet's emerald	Chlorostilbon
parent taxon	Athroisma is a genus of plants in the Asteraceae family first described as a genus in 1833.	Athroisma	Asteraceae
parent taxon	The European spruce bark beetle (Ips typographus) , is a species of beetle in the weevil subfamily Scolytinae, the bark beetles, and is found from Europe to Asia Minor and some parts of Africa.	European spruce bark beetle	Ips
parent taxon	Asidoptera monstruosa is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Asidoptera.	Asidoptera	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Fischer's greenbul (Phyllastrephus fischeri) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.	Fischer's greenbul	Phyllastrephus
parent taxon	Chlorocardium is a genus of the family Lauraceae.	Chlorocardium	Lauraceae
parent taxon	Nancy Ma's night monkey (Aotus nancymaae) is a night monkey species from South America.	Nancy Ma's night monkey	Aotus
parent taxon	Glischrochilus is a genus of sap-feeding and predatory beetles under the family Nitidulidae, subfamily Cryptarchinae.	Glischrochilus	Cryptarchinae
parent taxon	The Floreana mockingbird or Charles mockingbird (Mimus trifasciatus) is a bird species in the family Mimidae.	Floreana mockingbird	Mimus
parent taxon	The Paramillo tapaculo (Scytalopus canus) is a species of bird in the Formicariidae family.	Paramillo tapaculo	Scytalopus
parent taxon	Isorineloricaria is a genus of catfish in the family Loricariidae endemic to South America.	Isorineloricaria	Loricariidae
parent taxon	Alsophylax is a genus of small species of geckos, endemic to Central Asia, commonly known as straight-fingered geckos.	Alsophylax	geckos
parent taxon	Schayera is a grasshopper genus in the family Acrididae.	Schayera	Acrididae
parent taxon	Slender stone loach (Balitora mysorensis) is a species of hill-stream loach.	Slender stone loach	Balitora
parent taxon	Blennius is a Genus of Perciform fish in the family Blenniidae.	Blennius	Blenniidae
parent taxon	Pentabrachion is a plant genus from the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1864.	Pentabrachion	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	Commelinoideae is a subfamily of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family (Commelinaceae).	Commelinoideae	Commelinaceae
parent taxon	The Zoopagales is an order of fungi in the subphylum Zoopagomycotina.	Zoopagales	Zoopagomycotina
parent taxon	Leptogorgia is a genus of soft coral in the family Gorgoniidae.	Leptogorgia	Gorgoniidae
parent taxon	It contains a single named species, Osteodontornis orri (Orr's Bony-toothed Bird, in literal translation of its scientific name), which was described quite exactly one century after the first species of the Pelagornithidae (Pelagornis miocaenus) was.	Osteodontornis	Pelagornithidae
parent taxon	The Asian glossy starling (Aplonis panayensis) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae.	Asian glossy starling	Aplonis
parent taxon	The Olympic marmot (Marmota olympus) is a rodent in the squirrel family Sciuridae; it occurs only in the U.S. state of Washington, on the middle elevations of the Olympic Peninsula.	Olympic marmot	Marmota
parent taxon	Hondalagus represents the smallest and most specialized member of the extinct family Argyrolagidae.	Hondalagus	Argyrolagidae
parent taxon	The Yucatan squirrel (Sciurus yucatanensis) is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to Belize, Guatemala, and Southeast Mexico.	Yucatan squirrel	Sciurus
parent taxon	The Mount Gargues pipistrelle (Pipistrellus aero) is a species of vesper bat found in Kenya and possibly Ethiopia.	Mount Gargues pipistrelle	Pipistrellus
parent taxon	Entelurus aequoreus, the Snake pipefish, is a species of pipefish native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean where they are generally found amongst algae close in to shore.	Snake pipefish	Entelurus
parent taxon	The Amapa tree frog, Hypsiboas dentei, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in northern Brazil in the Amapá state (where its type locality, Serra do Navio, is located), French Guiana, and southeastern Suriname.	Amapa tree frog	Hypsiboas
parent taxon	The Treur River barb (Barbus treurensis) or simply Treur barb is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Treur River barb	Barbus
parent taxon	Staga is a monotypic genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, containing the single species Staga producta from Madagascar.	Staga	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Patzcuaro frog (Rana dunni) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to the Michoacán state, Mexico, where it is locally known as rana de Pátzcuaro.	Patzcuaro frog	Rana
parent taxon	The Hawequa flat gecko (Afroedura hawequensis) is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.	Hawequa flat gecko	Afroedura
participant of	Ede Vadászi (September 13, 1923 in Budapest -- June 12, 1995 in Budapest), aka Ede Viboch, was a Hungarian basketball player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Ede Vadászi	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Elisabetta Preziosa (born 21 September 1993) is an Italian artistic gymnast She represented her country at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Elisabetta Preziosa	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alfred Viggo Emil Andreasen (later Fjordvald; September 4, 1895 -- May 26, 1972) was a Danish boxer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Emil Andreasen	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Khashbaataryn Tsagaanbaatar (Mongolian: Хашбаатарын Цагаанбаатар) is the single medal winner from Mongolia at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Khashbaataryn Tsagaanbaatar	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marcel Lalu (24 March 1882 -- 1951) was a French gymnast who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics, in the 1908 Summer Olympics, and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Marcel Lalu	1900 Summer Olympics	1908 Summer Olympics	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Johan Petter Åhlén (13 April 1879 -- 31 March 1939) was a Swedish curler who won a silver medal at the 1924 Winter Olympics.	Johan Petter Åhlén	1924 Winter Olympics
participant of	Fritz Kopperschmidt (born 22 December 1939 in Hamburg) is a German former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Fritz Kopperschmidt	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eduardo Barragán (born July 1, 1951 in Cartagena de Chairá, Bolívar) is a retired Colombian boxer, who competed for his South American nation at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.	Eduardo Barragán	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shawn Estrada (born April 1, 1985 in East Los Angeles, California) is an undefeated Mexican American professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division and was a U.S. Olympian at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Shawn Estrada	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Witold Woyda (May 10, 1939 -- May 5, 2008) was a Polish fencer who won four Olympic medals in the foil between 1964 and 1972, including two gold medals at the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Witold Woyda	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Fiona Butler (born 16 October 1977) is a South African former field hockey player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Fiona Butler	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	After the World War II Laila Schou Nilsen competed in alpine skiing at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, where she finished 7th in downhill and 14th in slalom.	Laila Schou Nilsen	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Rudolf Körner (born January 8, 1892 in Leipzig/Germany, date of death 13. November 1978 in Füssen/Germany) was a German gymnast who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Rudolf Körner	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Juan Mata missed all of Chelsea's pre-season games as he was playing for Spain at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, but he returned to play in the 2012 FA Community Shield against Manchester City and was substituted after 74 minutes for Daniel Sturridge.	Juan Mata	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nilton Pacheco de Oliveira (July 26, 1920 -- June 26, 2013) was a Brazilian basketball player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom.	Nilton Pacheco	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Klapa s Mora is a music ensemble that represented Croatia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö with the song ``Mižerja''.	Klapa s Mora	Eurovision Song Contest 2013
participant of	Karlo Umek (8 February 1917 -- 25 September 2010) was a Slovenian Olympic shooter who participated for Yugoslavia at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome in the Men's Free Pistol, 50 metres event, where he placed 22nd.	Karlo Umek	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sir Geoffrey Cornewall, 6th Baronet (7 May 1869 -- 21 January 1951) of Moccas Court, Herefordshire, was a British archer who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.	Geoffrey Cornewall	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Luis Usoz (19 October 1932 in San Sebastián -- 10 March 1992) was a Spanish field hockey player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Luis Usoz	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nikolai Vekšin (23 May (O.S. 10 May) 1887 in Haapsalu, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire -- 15 January 1951 in Norillag, Norilsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) was an Estonian sailor who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Nikolai Vekšin	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dennis van der Geest (born June 27, 1975) is a Dutch judoka, who won the bronze medal in the men's heavyweight (+ 100 kg) division at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Dennis van der Geest	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rolf Tschiemer (born October 23, 1951) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey forward who played for SCL Tigers in the National League A. He also represented the Swiss national team at the 1976 Winter Olympics.	Rolf Tschiemer	1976 Winter Olympics
participant of	William Hehir (born 21 January 1887, date of death unknown) was a British track and field athlete who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics in racewalking events.	William Hehir	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kamil Djamaloudinov (born August 15, 1979 in Dagestan) is a boxer from Russia, who won the bronze medal in the featherweight division (-- 57 kg) at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Kamil Djamaloudinov	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sven Goldemann (born 22 June 1969) is the lead for the German curling team that competed in Curling at the 2014 Winter Olympics --	Sven Goldemann	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Olivier Bausset (born February 1, 1982) is a French sailor and Olympic athlete who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Olivier Bausset	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	At the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, Piet Kleine became Olympic Champion on the 10,000 m, beating world record holder Sten Stensen -- who won silver -- in a close race.	Piet Kleine	1976 Winter Olympics
participant of	Ileana Ongar (born 24 March 1950 in Alexandria) is a former Italian hurdler, that was 8th at 1976 Summer Olympics (110 m hs) and earned four medals at the Mediterranean Games.	Ileana Ongar	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Reza Naderian (Persian: رضا نادریان‎, born January 29, 1989 in Isfahan, Iran) is an Iranian Taekwondo athlete who competed in the Men's 58 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Reza Naderian	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Scott Vitale (born 6 July 1985) was a member of the Australian wheelchair rugby team which competed in the 2004 and 2008 Summer Paralympics.	Scott Vitale	2008 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Rik Van Linden (born 28 July 1949 in Wilrijk, Antwerp) is a Belgian former road bicycle racer who won the points classification in the 1975 Tour de France.	Rik Van Linden	Tour de France
participant of	Abdellah Bidane (born 19 August 1967), also known as Abdellah Bidar, is a Moroccan football defender who played for Morocco in the 1986 FIFA World Cup.	Abdellah Bidane	1986 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Georgia Coleman (January 23, 1912 -- September 14, 1940) was an American diver who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Georgia Coleman	1928 Summer Olympics	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Carlos Ventosa Delmas (born April 3, 1971) is a former backstroke swimmer from Spain, who competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics for his native country.	Carlos Ventosa	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Soul Militia (known until 2002 as 2XL) is an Estonian hip-hop act, internationally most notable for winning the Eurovision Song Contest 2001 as backing singers for Tanel Padar and Dave Benton, with the song ``Everybody''.	Soul Militia	Eurovision Song Contest 2001
participant of	Eric Shirley (born 3 April 1929) ran the 3,000 metres steeplechase final at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia for Great Britain with team mates Chris Brasher and John Disley; coming in 8th with a time of 8.57.	Eric Shirley	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	József Munk (born November 11, 1890 -- died ?) was a Hungarian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	József Munk	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Maxim Aleshin is a Russian acrobat and former gymnast who won a Bronze Medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Maxim Aleshin	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Heli Rantanen (born 26 February 1970 in Lammi) is a Finnish javelin thrower, who won the gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.	Heli Rantanen	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kieran Hansen (born 16 November 1971 in Sydney) is an Australian short track speed skater who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics, in the 1994 Winter Olympics, and in the 1998 Winter Olympics.	Kieran Hansen	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics	1998 Winter Olympics
participant of	Attila Laták (9 September 1945 -- 8 December 1991) was a Hungarian wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Attila Laták	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Domingo González (24 December 1947 -- 16 July 1979) was a Colombian footballer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Domingo González	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ines Geißler (born 16 February 1963 in Marienberg, Saxony), commonly spelled Ines Geissler in English, is a former butterfly swimmer from East Germany, who won the gold medal in the 200 m butterfly at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union.	Ines Geissler	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ebrahim Javadi (Persian: ابراهیم جوادی‎‎, born July 28, 1943 in Qazvin) is an Iranian wrestler who competed in Freestyle at the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Ebrahim Javadi	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	40 days prior to the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, during a training run near Addis Ababa, Abebe Bikila started to feel pain.	Abebe Bikila	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marion Hellmann (née Goldkamp; born 6 April 1967 in Linnich, Nordrhein-Westfalen) is a retired German high jumper, who competed for her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Marion Hellmann	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Silvio Calzolari was an Italian tug of war competitor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Silvio Calzolari	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tranel Hawkins (born 17 September 1962) is an American hurdler who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Tranel Hawkins	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kerry Dienelt (born 25 February 1969 in Darwin, Northern Territory) is a former softball catcher from Australia, who won a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics and 2000 Summer Olympics.	Kerry Dienelt	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rolando Pušnik (born December 13, 1961) is a Slovenian former handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia and in the 2000 Summer Olympics for Slovenia.	Rolando Pušnik	1988 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Helen Karagounis (née Thieme) is a British athlete who finished fourth in the Women's 4 × 400 metres Relay at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Helen Karagounis	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Edsilia Rombley represented the Netherlands again at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in May 2007 in Helsinki, Finland with the song ``On Top of the World'', but was eliminated in the semi-finals.	Edsilia Rombley	Eurovision Song Contest 2007
participant of	Kevin McAlinden is a former footballer from Northern Ireland who represented Great Britain at the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Kevin McAlinden	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Emilio D'Aquino (born 26 March 1982) is a triathlete from Italy, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Emilio D'Aquino	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Frank Bartkus (born November 11, 1915; died September 1986 in Merrick, New York) was a U.S. soccer goalkeeper who was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Frank Bartkus	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wilhelm Egginger (April 6, 1912 -- ?) was a German ice hockey player who competed for the German national team at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.	Wilhelm Egginger	1936 Winter Olympics
participant of	Cvitko Bilić (born 19 October 1943) is a former Croatian road bicycle racer active in the 1960s and 1970s who competed for Yugoslavia at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics.	Cvitko Bilić	1972 Summer Olympics
performer	``Just Another Day...'' is one of the singles released from Queen Latifah's 1993 album Black Reign.	Just Another Day...	Queen Latifah
performer	Corridor of Mirrors is Prometheus's (Benji Vaughan) second album.	Corridor of Mirrors	Benji Vaughan
performer	Rendered with English lyrics by Carl Sigman as ``You're My World'', the song has reached No. 1 in Australia (twice), Belgium, Mexico, Netherlands, South Africa and United Kingdom via recordings by Cilla Black, Daryl Braithwaite, Guys 'n' Dolls and Helen Reddy.	You're My World	Cilla Black
performer	Call Your Friends is the tenth studio album by American punk rock band Zebrahead released in Japan on August 7, 2013 and worldwide on August 13 and 16, 2013 respectively.	Call Your Friends	Zebrahead
performer	``Everybody in Love'' is the second single by English boyband JLS from their self-titled debut album.	Everybody in Love	JLS
performer	Eats Darkness is Apostle of Hustle's third studio LP, released on May 19, 2009 to generally positive reviews.	Eats Darkness	Apostle of Hustle
performer	3:47 EST is the first album by the Canadian progressive rock group Klaatu, released in August 1976.	3:47 EST	Klaatu
performer	Days of the White Owl is the first full-length album from Californian hardcore punk band, The Nerve Agents.	Days of the White Owl	The Nerve Agents
performer	``Read All About It, Pt. III'' is a song by Scottish recording artist Emeli Sandé, from her debut album, Our Version of Events (2012).	Read All About It, Pt. III	Emeli Sandé
performer	There Is Nothing Left to Lose is the third studio album by the Foo Fighters, released November 2, 1999.	There Is Nothing Left to Lose	Foo Fighters
performer	Nu-Clear Sounds is the second official studio album by Ash, released on 5 October 1998.	Nu-Clear Sounds	Ash
performer	Leather Launderette is the sixteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, recorded together with fellow musician Rod Clements.	Leather Launderette	Bert Jansch
performer	``The Moon Over Georgia'' is a song written by Mark Narmore and recorded by American country music group Shenandoah.	The Moon Over Georgia	Shenandoah
performer	The Catalogue (German language edition: Der Katalog) is a boxed set comprising eight albums by Kraftwerk that were released from 1974 to 2003.	The Catalogue	Kraftwerk
performer	``Running Through the Fire (Storm)'' is a single by Anika Moa, a singer-songwriter from New Zealand.	Running Through the Fire (Storm)	Anika Moa
performer	Beautiful Eyes is the second extended play (EP) by American singer Taylor Swift.	Beautiful Eyes	Taylor Swift
performer	Best Selection Non Stop Mix is the first Japanese DJ mix album by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation released on March 20, 2013.	Best Selection Non Stop Mix	Girls' Generation
performer	``Surfin''' is a song by American rock band The Beach Boys, written by Brian Wilson and Mike Love.	Surfin'	The Beach Boys
performer	Six Six Six Nights in Hell is the third album by Danish industrial band Psychopomps.	Six Six Six Nights in Hell	Psychopomps
performer	Lack of Communication is the first album by garage rock revival band The Von Bondies.	Lack of Communication	The Von Bondies
performer	L.A. to Miami is the first studio album by American country music singer Keith Whitley.	L.A. to Miami	Keith Whitley
performer	Let's Love While We Can is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the U.K. in 1980 by CBS Records.	Let's Love While We Can	Andy Williams
performer	Anything Can Happen in the Next Half Hour is the third demo EP by Enter Shikari.	Anything Can Happen in the Next Half Hour	Enter Shikari
performer	Fatalna ljubav (English: Fatal Love) is the seventh studio album by Serbian singer Ceca.	Fatalna ljubav	Ceca
performer	``Virginia Plain'' is a song by English rock band Roxy Music, released as their debut single in August 1972.	Virginia Plain	Roxy Music
performer	World of Today was the second album to be released by Supermax.	World of Today	Supermax
performer	Mir so nah (English: So close to me) is the third studio album by German recording artist Cassandra Steen, released by Universal Music Urban on April 29, 2011.	Mir so nah	Cassandra Steen
performer	``I Could Be'' is a first solo single by American singer Sinitta.	I Could Be	Sinitta
performer	Running, Jumping, Standing Still is an album by blues artists ``Spider'' John Koerner and Willie Murphy, released in 1969.	Running, Jumping, Standing Still	John Koerner
performer	``You Don't Have to Be a Star (To Be in My Show)'' is a song by the husband/wife duo of Marilyn McCoo and Billy Davis, Jr., former members of the vocal group The 5th Dimension.	You Don't Have to Be a Star (To Be in My Show)	Marilyn McCoo	Billy Davis, Jr.
performer	Painting It Red is the seventh original album released by The Beautiful South in October 2000.	Painting It Red	The Beautiful South
performer	Unapologetic is the seventh studio album by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna.	Unapologetic	Rihanna
performer	DéCLARAtions is the first studio album by Clara Morgane, released on June 18, 2007.	DéCLARAtions	Clara Morgane
performer	``Young Folks'' is the first single from Peter Bjorn and John's third album, Writer's Block (released in 2006).	Young Folks	Peter Bjorn and John
performer	``Get Da Money'' is a song by American hip hop artist Erick Sermon (released under the moniker Erick Onasis) recorded for his third album Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis (2000).	Get Da Money	Erick Sermon
performer	Veil of Remembrance is the second full-length album by the Swedish group Crimson Moonlight.	Veil of Remembrance	Crimson Moonlight
performer	Our Lives on Wednesdays is the second album from the instrumental pop duo I'm Not a Gun.	Our Lives on Wednesdays	I'm Not a Gun
performer	Cruel Intention is Nasty Idols second album release after 1989's debut Gigolos on Parole.	Cruel Intention	Nasty Idols
performer	``(I Can't Make It) Another Day'' is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson featuring Lenny Kravitz, released on the posthumous album Michael which has sold 6.5 million globally.	(I Can't Make It) Another Day	Michael Jackson	Lenny Kravitz
performer	Flamingo Honey is an EP by Whirlwind Heat, released on August 24, 2004 by Dim Mak records.	Flamingo Honey	Whirlwind Heat
performer	Ballistic Statues is the second album by EBM group A Split-Second.	Ballistic Statues	A Split-Second
performer	Essence to Essence is the eleventh studio album, and thirteenth album overall, from British singer-songwriter Donovan.	Essence to Essence	Donovan
performer	``Pop Master'' is the 24th single by Japanese singer and voice actress Nana Mizuki, released on April 13, 2011, together with her 23rd single, ``Scarlet Knight''.	Pop Master	Nana Mizuki
performer	Give the People What They Want is the eighteenth studio album by the English rock group, The Kinks.	Give the People What They Want	The Kinks
performer	Five Three One - Double Seven O Four is a 1979 album by the English rock/pop group, The Hollies.	Five Three One - Double Seven O Four	The Hollies
performer	``Keep Gettin' It On'', or ``Let's Get It On, Pt. 2'', was a sequel of the title track on Marvin Gaye's 1973 album, Let's Get It On.	Keep Gettin' It On	Marvin Gaye
performer	``Floorfiller'' is A-Teens' first single from their third album New Arrival, which also previously appeared on their first EP Pop 'til You Drop! for the U.S. market and was released as the second single of Pop 'til You Drop! there.	Floorfiller	A-Teens
performer	XL1 was Buzzcocks frontman Pete Shelley's second solo album.	XL1	Pete Shelley
performer	Près de ma rivière (``Near my river'') was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, performed in French by Robert Cogoi.	Près de ma rivière	Robert Cogoi
performer	Männer haben kein Gehirn (Men don't have Brains) is a promotional audiobook by German punk rock band Die Ärzte.	Männer haben kein Gehirn	Die Ärzte
performer	``I'll Kiss Your Memory'' is the first solo single written, performed and produced by Barry Gibb, released in May 1970.	I'll Kiss Your Memory	Barry Gibb
performer	The Way of the Animal Powers is the sixth studio album by Italian band Zu, released in 2005, within the collaboration of Fred Lonberg-Holm on cello.	The Way of the Animal Powers	Zu
performer	``I Can't Feel You'' is German synthpop group Camouflage's seventeenth single, released in August 2003 via Polydor label as the second and final single from their sixth studio album Sensor.	I Can't Feel You	Camouflage
performer	``Love Makes Sweet Music'' was the first single released by the psychedelic rock group Soft Machine.	Love Makes Sweet Music	Soft Machine
performer	Layourbattleaxedown is a compilation album by the Swedish band The Concretes consisting of b-sides and rarities from the British singles and EPs pertaining to their debut release The Concretes, that was released on July 26, 2005 in the United States (see 2005 in music).	Layourbattleaxedown	The Concretes
performer	``What Part of No'' is a song written by Wayne Perry and Gerald Smith, and recorded by American country music artist Lorrie Morgan.	What Part of No	Lorrie Morgan
performer	Ænigma Mystica is the tenth studio album studio from French death metal act Misanthrope.	Ænigma Mystica	Misanthrope
performer	Be Good is a 2005 album by Alex Fong (方力申).	Be Good	Alex Fong
performer	Illegal Stills is a Stephen Stills album released in 1976.	Illegal Stills	Stephen Stills
performer	``The Boy Who Ran Away'' was the fifth single by Mystery Jets, released in February 2006.	The Boy Who Ran Away	Mystery Jets
performer	``Hands on Me'' is a song on Vanessa Carlton's third studio album, Heroes & Thieves (2007), and is the album's second single.	Hands on Me	Vanessa Carlton
performer	``Si j'avais au moins...'' (English: ``If I Had at Least...'') is a song recorded by French singer Mylène Farmer.	Si j'avais au moins...	Mylène Farmer
performer	``For America'' is a song written and performed by American singer-songwriter Jackson Browne from his 1986 album, Lives in the Balance.	For America	Jackson Browne
performer	One (Hellbound) is the debut release from Indianapolis thrash band Demiricous.	One (Hellbound)	Demiricous
performer	So Runs the World Away is the sixth full-length studio album by American singer-songwriter Josh Ritter.	So Runs the World Away	Josh Ritter
performer	Xenophobia (Why?) is the third studio album by Australian rock band Spy vs Spy, it was produced by Les Karski (Boys Next Door, Midnight Oil, Nauts) and Guy Gray, and released through WEA on 21 March 1988.	Xenophobia (Why?)	Spy vs Spy
performer	I Heart California is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Admiral Radley, a collaboration of members from the bands Grandaddy and Earlimart.	I Heart California	Admiral Radley
performer	All Day Long is a jazz album by guitarist Kenny Burrell, although it is nominally credited to the ``Prestige All Stars''.	All Day Long	Kenny Burrell
performer	``Front Back'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist T.I., taken from his fourth studio album King (2006).	Front Back	T.I.
performer	Voodoo Soup is a posthumous compilation album by American rock musician Jimi Hendrix, released in the United States on April 11, 1995, by MCA Records.	Voodoo Soup	Jimi Hendrix
performer	Tu Amor Secreto (Eng:Your Secret Love) is a studio album released by Grupo Bryndis.	Tu Amor Secreto	Grupo Bryndis
performer	``How to Be Dead'' is the 4th (5th including the re-issue of Spitting Games) and final single by Snow Patrol from their album Final Straw.	How to Be Dead	Snow Patrol
performer	Dance the Devil... is the third studio album by Dublin based band The Frames.	Dance the Devil	The Frames
performer	``Alagados'' is a song written by Bi Ribeiro, João Barone, and Herbert Vianna, which are the three members from Os Paralamas do Sucesso.	Alagados	Os Paralamas do Sucesso
performer	``A Change Would Do You Good'' is the fourth single from Sheryl Crow's 1997 self-titled second album.	A Change Would Do You Good	Sheryl Crow
performer	Atl's Finest is the debut studio album by J-Bo of YoungBloodZ.	Atl's Finest	YoungBloodZ
performer	Heer from Denmark is the first Punjabi solo album by Anita Lerche, a singer-songwriter from Denmark.	Heer from Denmark	Anita Lerche
performer	I Am Not a Doctor is the second album from the electronic/dance duo Moloko, released in 1998.	I Am Not a Doctor	Moloko
performer	Te Acordarás de Mí (``You Will Remember Me'') is the title of a studio album released by singer Olga Tañón on October 27, 1998.	Te Acordarás de Mí	Olga Tañón
performer	``Somebody Else'' is a song by American R&B singer-songwriter Mario, featuring vocals from Nicki Minaj.	Somebody Else	Mario	Nicki Minaj
performer	Tom at Tut's is the third live album from British singer-songwriter Tom McRae.	Tom at Tut's	Tom McRae
performer	Music of Old Serbia is an album by soloist Dragoslav Aksentijević-Pavle with Ensemble Renaissance, released in 1987 on the PGP RTs label (re-released in 1997).	Music of Old Serbia	Ensemble Renaissance
performer	``See You in My Nightmares'' is a song from Kanye West's fourth studio album 808s & Heartbreak.	See You in My Nightmares	Kanye West
performer	``Flying Without Wings'' is a song released by Irish boy band Westlife from their self-titled debut studio album (1999).	Flying Without Wings	Westlife
performer	Through the Forest is the fifth studio album by Christian rock band Mad at the World.	Through the Forest	Mad at the World
performer	We Got the Time, is the second studio album by Danish-teen girl pop duo, Creamy, released in 2000.	We Got the Time	Creamy
performer	``Twilight Is Gone'' is a single by American country rock band The Desert Rose Band.	Twilight Is Gone	The Desert Rose Band
performer	``Kiss in the Dark'' was the 14th single released in Japan, and the first single released in America, by Japanese duo Pink Lady.	Kiss in the Dark	Pink Lady
performer	East Broadway Run Down is a 1966 album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins, his last album before industry pressures led him to take a six-year hiatus.	East Broadway Run Down	Sonny Rollins
performer	Laughter Through Tears is the second album released by London, England based experimental band Oi Va Voi.	Laughter Through Tears	Oi Va Voi
performer	``Do Anything You Say'' was a single by David Bowie.	Do Anything You Say	David Bowie
performer	TPA Flight 028 is the second album by Canadian indie rock group Tristan Psionic.	TPA Flight 028	Tristan Psionic
performer	Romance on Film, Romance on Broadway is a 2000 album by American vocalist Michael Feinstein arranged by Alan Broadbent and John Oddo.	Romance on Film, Romance on Broadway	Michael Feinstein
performer	Children of the Dark Waters is the sixth studio album by Finnish symphonic death metal band Eternal Tears of Sorrow.	Children of the Dark Waters	Eternal Tears of Sorrow
performer	``You Make It Real'' is the sixth single by James Morrison, and the first from his second album, Songs for You, Truths for Me.	You Make It Real	James Morrison
performer	White Lightning and Other Favorites is the 1959 country music studio album released by George Jones on May 26, 1959.	White Lightning and Other Favorites	George Jones
performer	Soon After Silence is the sixth studio album from the Australian electronica artist Endorphin, released in 2007.	Soon After Silence	Endorphin
performer	The jazz album Dedications II was recorded by two configurations of the Toshiko Akiyoshi Trio in Los Angeles in April 1977.	Dedications II	Toshiko Akiyoshi
performer	``I'm Singing'' is the debut single from Christian music singer-songwriter Kari Jobe.	I'm Singing	Kari Jobe
performer	I'm On the Right Track is the second album from funk drummer group Ziggy Modeliste of The Meters.	I'm On the Right Track	Ziggy Modeliste
performer	The Sun Came Out is a charity studio album released on 31 August 2009 by 7 Worlds Collide, a musical project of New Zealand singer/songwriter Neil Finn for the benefit of Oxfam.	The Sun Came Out	7 Worlds Collide
performer	``Llamado de Emergencia'' (English: ``Emergency Call'') is the second single by Puerto Rican reggaeton artist Daddy Yankee from the soundtrack to the motion picture Talento de Barrio, released on September 23, 2008, by El Cartel Records.	Llamado de Emergencia	Daddy Yankee
performer	Freebola, also known as Chica Light, is a pop rock song by Chilean rock band Glup! featured in their debut album 1999 of 1999.	Freebola	Glup
performer	There are several German versions of ``Jingle Bells'', including the popular Roy Black versions of Christkindl and Christmastime.	Jingle Bells	Roy Black
performer	``She's Not the Cheatin' Kind'' is a song written by Ronnie Dunn and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn.	She's Not the Cheatin' Kind	Brooks & Dunn
performer	Rustic Houses, Forlorn Valleys is the fourth full length records for the Leeds-based band Hood.	Rustic Houses, Forlorn Valleys	Hood
performer	The Heartland Café is an album released by Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider on 17 February 1984.	The Heartland Café	Gyllene Tider
performer	``Voodoo Queen'' is a Synthpop song originally performed by German band Systems in Blue and released as single in 2007.	Voodoo Queen	Systems in Blue
performer	Life Gone Wild is the first EP by British metalcore band Asking Alexandria.	Life Gone Wild	Asking Alexandria
performer	Around the Fur is the second studio album by alternative metal band Deftones, released in 1997.	Around the Fur	Deftones
performer	``Hanging by a Moment'' is a song by American alternative band Lifehouse.	Hanging by a Moment	Lifehouse
performer	Full Blown Possession is the fifth full-length album by Memphis indie rock band The Grifters.	Full Blown Possession	Grifters
performer	One Hour by the Concrete Lake is Pain of Salvation's second studio album.	One Hour by the Concrete Lake	Pain of Salvation
performer	Judas O (also known as Judas Ø) is a collection of B-sides and rarities by The Smashing Pumpkins.	Judas O	The Smashing Pumpkins
performer	La Valse à Mille Temps (English: The Waltz With A Thousand Beats) is Jacques Brel's fourth album.	La Valse à Mille Temps	Jacques Brel
performer	Kapitulation (German for ``Capitulation'' or ``Surrender'') is the eighth studio album by the German indie rock group Tocotronic.	Kapitulation	Tocotronic
performer	``My Mistake'' is a 1977 song by New Zealand art rock group Split Enz from their studio album Dizrythmia.	My Mistake	Split Enz
performer	Willisau (Quartet) 1991 is a 4CD box set by American composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded live and in the studio in 1991 and released on the hatART label.	Willisau (Quartet) 1991	Anthony Braxton
performer	``Shawty Is a 10'' (also known uncensored as ``Shawty Is Da Shit'') is the first single from American singer-songwriter The-Dream's debut studio album, Love Hate.	Shawty Is a 10	The-Dream
performer	``I'm in Love with a German Film Star'' is a song by the British post-punk band The Passions.	I'm in Love with a German Film Star	The Passions
performer	Tales of the Forgotten Melodies is the debut full-length album by French underground hip hop producer Wax Tailor released in 2005 on Lab’oratoire/Under Cover labels.	Tales of the Forgotten Melodies	Wax Tailor
performer	S'il suffisait d'aimer (meaning If Loving Were Enough) is an album by Canadian singer Celine Dion, released on September 7, 1998.	S'il suffisait d'aimer	Celine Dion
performer	Moeto carstvo (Macedonian: Моето царство, (ˈmɔ.ɛtɔ t͡sarstvɔ) or (ˈmɔjɛtɔ t͡sarstvɔ), My Kingdom) is the second and final album by Macedonian rock group Aleksandar Makedonski.	Moeto carstvo	Aleksandar Makedonski
performer	``Sign of a Victory'' is a song by American singer R. Kelly, featuring the South African gospel choir Soweto Spiritual Singers.	Sign of a Victory	R. Kelly
performer	One Life One Soul, additionally subtitled Best of Ballads, is the first compilation album released by the hard rock band Gotthard.	One Life One Soul	Gotthard
performer	Music Madness is the second album by old school hip hop and electro funk group Mantronix.	Music Madness	Mantronix
performer	Kasvukipuja is the third studio album by Finnish rapper Cheek.	Kasvukipuja	Cheek
performer	Room to Live, subtitled Undilutable Slang Truth!, is the fifth studio album by English art punk band The Fall.	Room to Live	The Fall
performer	Nella stanza 26 is the ninth studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Nek, released on November 17, 2006.	Nella stanza 26	Nek
performer	A Whisky Kiss is the second studio album by Scottish Celtic fusion band Shooglenifty.	A Whisky Kiss	Shooglenifty
performer	``Janie's Got a Gun'' is a song performed by the American hard rock band Aerosmith and written by Steven Tyler and Tom Hamilton.	Janie's Got a Gun	Aerosmith
performer	Your Side (Chinese: 妳身邊) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Stanley Huang's (Chinese: 黃立行) debut Mandarin solo studio album.	Your Side	Stanley Huang
performer	The Invisible Way is the tenth full-length album by Low, released in 2013 by Sub Pop. It is produced by Wilco's Jeff Tweedy and recorded at Wilco's studio in Chicago.	The Invisible Way	Low
performer	Worldillia (stylized as WORLDILLIA in Japan) is the fourth studio album by the Japanese pop-rock band Porno Graffitti.	Worldillia	Porno Graffitti
performer	Wisdom of Forgiveness is Vusi Mahlasela's second album.	Wisdom of Forgiveness	Vusi Mahlasela
performer	Kammel Kalamak (Arabic: كمل كلامك, English: Keep Talking) is a 2005 album by Amr Diab.	Kammel Kalamak	Amr Diab
performer	``Feelin''' is the final single by The La's from their debut album released on February 4, 1991.	Feelin'	The La
performer	Call of the Valley is a 1967 Hindustani classical music album by Hariprasad Chaurasia, Brij Bhushan Kabra, and Shivkumar Sharma.	Call of the Valley	Hariprasad Chaurasia
performer	Mooga is the third album by the rapper 40 Cal., released August 5, 2008.	Mooga	40 Cal.
performer	``At My Most Beautiful'' is a song by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. During the song's creation, members of the group noted its similarity to the work of the Beach Boys and purposefully fashioned it to resemble that band's output.	At My Most Beautiful	R.E.M.
performer	``Could It Be Magic'' is a song with lyrics written by Adrienne Anderson and music composed by Barry Manilow, based on chord and melodical progressions of Frédéric Chopin's Prelude in C Minor, Opus 28, Number 20.	Could It Be Magic	Barry Manilow
performer	Senmaida is a studio album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow.	Senmaida	Merzbow
performer	John Gavanti is a 1980 No Wave opera album by members of the bands Mars and DNA.	John Gavanti	Mars	DNA
performer	Bufo Alvarius, Amen 29:15 is the debut studio album of Bardo Pond, released in January 1995 by Drunken Fish Records.	Bufo Alvarius, Amen 29:15	Bardo Pond
performer	``Have You Looked into Your Heart'' is a 1964 single by Jerry Vale written by Billy Barberis, Teddy Randazzo, and Bobby Weinstein.	Have You Looked into Your Heart	Jerry Vale
performer	Il Giro Del Giorno in 80 Mondi is an album by Italian jazz trumpeter and composert Enrico Rava recorded in 1972 and originally released in the International label and rereleased on the Italian Black Saint label in 1976.	Il Giro Del Giorno in 80 Mondi	Enrico Rava
performer	Strictly Turntablized is the second solo album from Japanese underground hip hop producer DJ Krush.	Strictly Turntablized	DJ Krush
performer	No Me Sé Rajar (Eng.: I Do Not Know How to Give Up) is a studio album released by the Mexican banda ensemble Banda el Recodo.	No Me Sé Rajar	Banda el Recodo
performer	Corporate Pollution is the third album by Irish grunge band Paradox, released on March 15, 2011.	Corporate Pollution	Paradox
performer	I Have No History is an album by Dar Williams, produced by Jeannie Deva.	I Have No History	Dar Williams
performer	Que País É Este (subtitled 1978/1987) is the third studio album by Brazilian rock band Legião Urbana.	Que País É Este	Legião Urbana
performer	Love? is the seventh studio album by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez.	Love?	Jennifer Lopez
performer	``Who Shot Ya?'' is a controversial hip-hop song by The Notorious B.I.G., a B-side to his 1995 hit single, ``Big Poppa''.	Who Shot Ya?	The Notorious B.I.G.
performer	Go On... was the third album by American pop band Mr. Mister.	Go On...	Mr. Mister
performer	The 3 Day Theory is the ninth solo studio album by rapper Killah Priest, released August 3, 2010 through Man Bites Dog Records.	The 3 Day Theory	Killah Priest
performer	Heading for Tomorrow is the first studio album released by German metal band, Gamma Ray on 19 February 1990 by Noise Records.	Heading for Tomorrow	Gamma Ray
performer	``Baby Good Night'' (Korean: 잘자요 굿나잇 Jaljayo Good Night; Japanese: おやすみ Good Night Oyasumi, Good Night), also known as Sleep Well, Good Night, is the third and lead single from the repackaged edition of B1A4's album Ignition.	Baby Good Night	B1A4
performer	``Pieces of Me'' is a song by American pop/rock singer Ashlee Simpson and the first single from her début album, Autobiography (2004).	Pieces of Me	Ashlee Simpson
performer	``No One's Gonna Love You'' is the second single from Band of Horses' second album Cease to Begin, which was released on February 25, 2008.	No One's Gonna Love You	Band of Horses
performer	Uma Outra Estação (Portuguese for Yet Another Season) is the eighth and last studio album by Brazilian rock band Legião Urbana.	Uma Outra Estação	Legião Urbana
performer	Mechanize is the seventh studio album by American heavy metal band Fear Factory.	Mechanize	Fear Factory
performer	Life, Love and Leaving is the second album by The Detroit Cobras, released 1 May 2001 (see 2001 in music).	Life, Love and Leaving	The Detroit Cobras
performer	``Maybe He'll Know'' is the fifth and final single from American singer Cyndi Lauper's album, True Colors, released only in Europe in 1987.	Maybe He'll Know	Cyndi Lauper
performer	Glassworks is a chamber music work of six movements by Philip Glass.	Glassworks	Philip Glass
performer	Du är det varmaste jag har is a 1978 Lill Lindfors studio album.	Du är det varmaste jag har	Lill Lindfors
performer	The Scarred People is the tenth studio album by Swedish gothic metal band Tiamat.	The Scarred People	Tiamat
performer	``New World Man'' is a track from the 1982 album Signals by Canadian rock band Rush.	New World Man	Rush
performer	Honest Words is an EP by Scottish singer-songwriter King Creosote and English electronica musician Jon Hopkins, released on 19 September 2011 on Domino Records.	Honest Words	King Creosote	Jon Hopkins
performer	``Professional Distortion'' is the first single from the Miss Kittin's first solo album I Com.	Professional Distortion	Miss Kittin
performer	``Learning the Hard Way'' is a song by American power pop band Gin Blossoms, and was the lead-off single from their fourth album Major Lodge Victory.	Learning the Hard Way	Gin Blossoms
performer	``Times of Your Life'' is a popular song and advertising jingle made famous in the 1970s by Canadian singer Paul Anka, who recorded it in 1975 for an album of the same title.	Times of Your Life	Paul Anka
performer	``James Brown Is Dead'' is a song by Dutch electronic dance music duo L.A. Style.	James Brown Is Dead	L.A. Style
performer	Bookbinder's Kid is a 1988 album by Elkie Brooks, the follow-up to her top five album No More the Fool.	Bookbinder's Kid	Elkie Brooks
performer	``Pjesma za kraj'' (English translation: Song for the end) is a pop song by the Croatian singer Franka Batelić, recorded for the Croatian selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009.	Pjesma za kraj	Franka Batelić
performer	Twin Cinema is the third album by Canadian indie rock group The New Pornographers.	Twin Cinema	The New Pornographers
performer	``The Woman in You'' is one of five songs the Bee Gees contributed to the film, Staying Alive, the sequel to Saturday Night Fever.	The Woman in You	Bee Gees
performer	``Got Money'' is the third single by American rapper Lil Wayne's sixth studio album, Tha Carter III (2008).	Got Money	Lil Wayne
performer	``Freeek!'' is a single written and performed by British pop singer George Michael, and a remastered version called ``Freeek! '04'' was later featured on his album, Patience.	Freeek!	George Michael
performer	``Super Freak'' is a 1981 single produced and performed by Rick James.	Super Freak	Rick James
performer	Gossip Candy is an extended play by Japanese recording artist and songwriter Kumi Koda.	Gossip Candy	Kumi Koda
performer	Texican Badman is the 1980 release by country rock / bluegrass musician Peter Rowan.	Texican Badman	Peter Rowan
performer	Winged Serpent (Sliding Quadrants) is an album by Cecil Taylor recorded in Milan, Italy on October 22--24, 1984 and released on the Soul Note label.	Winged Serpent (Sliding Quadrants)	Cecil Taylor
performer	Aşktır Beni Güzel Yapan (This is Love that Makes Me Beautiful) is the name of a Turkish album by Asya.	Aşktır Beni Güzel Yapan	Asya
performer	``Too Much to Do'' is the second single taken from Sparkadia's debut album Postcards.	Too Much to Do	Sparkadia
performer	Wolf Pact is an album by Boyd Rice & Fiends (in this collaboration, Douglas P. and Albin Julius).	Wolf Pact	Boyd Rice
performer	The Power of Rock and Roll is a CD released by heavy metal band Helix in 2007.	The Power of Rock and Roll	Helix
performer	Directo En Tus Manos is the first live album released by Venezuelan singer-songwriter Carlos Baute.	Directo En Tus Manos	Carlos Baute
performer	Fiction Non-Fiction is the fourth album by Danish Industrial band Psychopomps.	Fiction Non-Fiction	Psychopomps
performer	``Why We Thugs'' is the first official single on Ice Cube's seventh album Laugh Now, Cry Later.	Why We Thugs	Ice Cube
performer	A Slice of the Top is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on March 18, 1966, but not released on the Blue Note label until 1979.	A Slice of the Top	Hank Mobley
performer	``Dirty Paws'' is a song written and recorded by Icelandic band Of Monsters and Men for their debut studio album, My Head Is an Animal.	Dirty Paws	Of Monsters and Men
performer	Voyage to the Bottom of the Road is the sixth album released by UK rock band Half Man Half Biscuit in 1997.	Voyage to the Bottom of the Road	Half Man Half Biscuit
performer	Defying the Rules is Hibria's first album, released in 2004.	Defying the Rules	Hibria
performer	``Down for the One'' is the second single released by British soul singer, Beverley Knight.	Down for the One	Beverley Knight
performer	The New You! is the fourth album from London-based acid jazz band Corduroy, released in 1997.	The New You!	Corduroy
performer	``Friday I'll Be Over U'' is a song by American recording artist and American Idol season eight finalist Allison Iraheta from her debut album, Just Like You.	Friday I'll Be Over U	Allison Iraheta
performer	We Walk from Safety is the second full-length studio album from post-hardcore band Repeater set to be released in August 2011.	We Walk from Safety	Repeater
performer	``The Great Pretender'' is a popular song recorded by The Platters, with Tony Williams on lead vocals, and released as a single on November 3, 1955.	The Great Pretender	The Platters
performer	``Just One Fix'' is the third single from industrial metal band Ministry's 1992 album Psalm 69:	Just One Fix	Ministry
performer	``Bouncin' Back (Bumpin' Me Against the Wall)'' was the lead single released from Mystikal's fifth album, Tarantula.	Bouncin' Back (Bumpin' Me Against the Wall)	Mystikal
performer	``Ahab the Arab'' is a novelty song written and recorded by Ray Stevens in 1962.	Ahab the Arab	Ray Stevens
performer	Relax Edition 2 is the seventh studio album by Trance duo Blank & Jones.	Relax Edition 2	Blank & Jones
performer	Rough Harvest is a collection of alternate, acoustic arrangements of John Mellencamp's favorite tracks, as well as several covers.	Rough Harvest	John Mellencamp
performer	``So Small'' is a song composed by singer Carrie Underwood, Hillary Lindsey and Luke Laird.	So Small	Carrie Underwood
performer	``Ti Theloune Ta Matia Sou'' is a song by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi.	Ti Theloune Ta Matia Sou	Katy Garbi
performer	``Blue Honey'' is the first single from debut full-length album by English musician Pop Levi and was released on September 4, 2006.	Blue Honey	Pop Levi
performer	McDonald and Giles is an album of music released by British musicians Ian McDonald and Michael Giles in 1971.	McDonald and Giles	Ian McDonald
performer	De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas is the first full-length studio album by the Norwegian black metal band Mayhem.	De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas	Mayhem
performer	``Love Train'' is a hit single by The O'Jays, written by Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff.	Love Train	The O'Jays
performer	``Workin' for a Livin''' is a single by American rock band Huey Lewis and the News, released in 1982.	Workin' for a Livin'	Huey Lewis and the News
performer	Color the Cover (stylized as Color The Cover) is the second cover album by Kumi Koda, following her 2010 ETERNITY ~Love & Songs~.	Color the Cover	Kumi Koda
performer	Christmas in Vienna VI (also known as Christmastime in Vienna) is the seventh album in a series of Christmas concerts recorded in Vienna with Spanish tenor Plácido Domingo.	Christmas in Vienna VI	Plácido Domingo
performer	Let Me Up (I've Had Enough) (styled on the cover as ``Let Me Up (I've Had Enough)'' with quotation marks) is the seventh studio album by the American band Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, released in 1987.	Let Me Up (I've Had Enough)	Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
performer	``The Potion'' is the third single from Ludacris' fourth studio album, The Red Light District.	The Potion	Ludacris
performer	Geld oder Leben! (``Your Money or Your Life!'') is an album by the Austrian band Erste Allgemeine Verunsicherung.	Geld oder Leben!	Erste Allgemeine Verunsicherung
performer	``Oooh This I Need'' is the final single from American singer Elisa Fiorillo, released as the second single from her 1990 album I Am in early 1991.	Oooh This I Need	Elisa Fiorillo
performer	Slave of Satan is a single by Finnish doom metal band Reverend Bizarre.	Slave of Satan	Reverend Bizarre
performer	Uncivilized Area is the 1998 release by the trance fusion band the Disco Biscuits.	Uncivilized Area	Disco Biscuits
performer	``October & April'' is a song by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus, featuring Anette Olzon from Nightwish.	October & April	The Rasmus	Anette Olzon
performer	Destination Anywhere is Jon Bon Jovi's second solo album released June 17, 1997 and features music from the film Destination Anywhere released in the same year.	Destination Anywhere	Jon Bon Jovi
performer	Sweet Revival is the second album by American organist Ronnie Foster recorded in 1972 and released on the Blue Note label.	Sweet Revival	Ronnie Foster
performer	Living Targets is the third album from German punk rock band, Beatsteaks.	Living Targets	Beatsteaks
performer	If'n is the second album by the American alternative rock band Firehose, released in 1987.	If'n	Firehose
performer	Life Short Call Now is the 23rd studio album by Canadian singer/songwriter Bruce Cockburn.	Life Short Call Now	Bruce Cockburn
performer	The Eternal Dance is a compilation album by American R&B group Earth, Wind & Fire released on September 8, 1992, by Columbia/Legacy.	The Eternal Dance	Earth, Wind & Fire
performer	``Superbeast'' is a promotional single off Rob Zombie's solo debut, Hellbilly Deluxe.	Superbeast	Rob Zombie
performer	Snarling at Strangers is a repackaged version of Smiling at Strangers, an Australian Hip Hop album by TZU.	Snarling at Strangers	TZU
performer	``Thank You for the Venom'' is the second single and ninth track from My Chemical Romance's second studio album, Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge.	Thank You for the Venom	My Chemical Romance
performer	Tylko dla dorosłych (Polish pronunciation: (ˌtɨlkɔ dla dɔˈrɔswɨx), English: Only for adults) is an album released by Polish rapper O.S.T.R. on February 26, 2010.	Tylko dla dorosłych	O.S.T.R.
performer	Midnight Lightning is a posthumous compilation album by American rock guitarist Jimi Hendrix.	Midnight Lightning	Jimi Hendrix
performer	Let's Talk About Feelings is the fifth full-length album released by the punk rock band Lagwagon.	Let's Talk About Feelings	Lagwagon
performer	Mental Maintenance is a studio album by a Jamaican reggae singer, Konshens,released on March 6 in 2012, under Subkonshus Music/VPAL in the U.S. This album was released on February 28 in Jamaica at first.	Mental Maintenance	Konshens
performer	``A-Punk'' is a single by indie rock band Vampire Weekend, released on February 28, 2008 as the second single from their 2008 self-titled debut album.	A-Punk	Vampire Weekend
performer	Sva sreća general voli decu (Such Good Fortune, The General Likes Children) is the fifth studio album by the Serbian indie/alternative rock band Obojeni Program released by a Serbian independent record label B92 in 1999.	Sva sreća general voli decu	Obojeni Program
performer	Antidisestablishmetabolism is the first album released by the hip hop group Heiruspecs.	Antidisestablishmetabolism	Heiruspecs
performer	``Crunk Muzik'' is a song by rapper Jim Jones from his On My Way to Church.	Crunk Muzik	Jim Jones
performer	``This Pretty Face'' is a 2010 single release by Scottish recording artist Amy Macdonald, released as the third single from her second studio album, A Curious Thing (2010).	This Pretty Face	Amy Macdonald
performer	Shacktown Road is an album by Americana and folk musicians Norman Blake, Nancy Blake and Tut Taylor, released in 2007.	Shacktown Road	Norman Blake
performer	``Don't You Worry Child'' is the sixth and final single released by Swedish electronic dance group Swedish House Mafia.	Don't You Worry Child	Swedish House Mafia
performer	Everything Will Work Out Right is the debut album by Canadian singer and songwriter Morgan Finlay.	Everything Will Work Out Right	Morgan Finlay
performer	``My Lighthouse'' is the first single by British band Pulp, released in 1983 and taken from the band's debut album It.	My Lighthouse	Pulp
performer	``I'm Not Missing You'' is a pop/R&B song written by Keir ``KayGee'' Gist, Terence ``Tramp Baby'' Abney, Esteban Crandle, Tawanna Dabney, Balewa Muhammad and Orrico herself for Stacie Orrico's third studio album Beautiful Awakening.	I'm Not Missing You	Stacie Orrico
performer	``American Tune'' is a song written and first performed by Paul Simon.	American Tune	Paul Simon
performer	``An deiner Seite (Ich bin da)'' (English: By Your Side (I'm here)) is the third single from the album Zimmer 483 from band Tokio Hotel.	An deiner Seite (Ich bin da)	Tokio Hotel
performer	``LoveStoned'' (also known as ``LoveStoned/I Think She Knows'') is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake for his second studio album, FutureSex/LoveSounds (2006).	LoveStoned	Justin Timberlake
performer	A Son de Guerra is the 11th studio album by Dominican singer-songwriter Juan Luis Guerra and was released on June 8, 2010 by Capitol Latin.	A Son de Guerra	Juan Luis Guerra
performer	Out Goin' Cattin' is the third studio album by American country music band Sawyer Brown.	Out Goin' Cattin'	Sawyer Brown
performer	``Barkhammer'' is a song by Australian hard rock/alternative metal band The Mark of Cain.	Barkhammer	The Mark of Cain
performer	Straight Up Sewaside is the second album by the hip hop duo Das EFX.	Straight Up Sewaside	Das EFX
performer	My Favourite Headache (also published as My Favorite Headache) is the first (and so far only) solo album by Geddy Lee of the Canadian rock band Rush, released in 2000.	My Favourite Headache	Geddy Lee
performer	A Genuine Rosmini is the second album by American folk guitarist Dick Rosmini, released in 1969.	A Genuine Rosmini	Dick Rosmini
performer	Domestica, also styled as Cursive's Domestica, is the third studio album by the American indie rock band Cursive, released on June 20, 2000.	Domestica	Cursive
performer	``Reet Petite (The Sweetest Girl in Town)'' (originally subtitled ``The Finest Girl You Ever Want to Meet'') is a song made popular by Jackie Wilson.	Reet Petite	Jackie Wilson
performer	``Time for Miracles'' is a power ballad by Adam Lambert.	Time for Miracles	Adam Lambert
performer	``Poor Tom'' is a song by English rock group Led Zeppelin, composed in 1970 by Robert Plant and Jimmy Page when they were staying at Bron-Yr-Aur, a small cottage in Wales, and was recorded at Olympic Studios in June 1970.	Poor Tom	Led Zeppelin
performer	30 by Ella is a 1968 (see 1968 in music) studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald.	30 by Ella	Ella Fitzgerald
performer	Atomic Soul is Symphony X's lead singer Russell Allen's debut solo album.	Atomic Soul	Russell Allen
performer	The Dream of the Blue Turtles is the first solo album by English musician Sting, released in the United States on 1 June 1985.	The Dream of the Blue Turtles	Sting
performer	``Yesterday, When I Was Mad'' is a single by English synthpop duo Pet Shop Boys released as the fifth and last single from their 1993 album Very.	Yesterday, When I Was Mad	Pet Shop Boys
performer	Doot-Doot is the debut studio album by Freur and was released in 1983.	Doot-Doot	Freur
performer	``Cold Sweat'' is a song performed by James Brown and written with his bandleader Alfred ``Pee Wee'' Ellis.	Cold Sweat	James Brown
performer	Salto Mortal (English: Somersault) is the debut studio album by Spanish electronic music group Fangoria.	Salto Mortal	Fangoria
performer	Diabolic Symphony is the fifth album by the Swedish power metal band Steel Attack.	Diabolic Symphony	Steel Attack
performer	``All I Got'' is a song by English singer-songwriter and musician Newton Faulkner from his debut studio album Hand Built by Robots (2007).	All I Got	Newton Faulkner
performer	``Stick to Your Vision'' is the first single from Maestro's fifth album, Built to Last, released in 1998.	Stick to Your Vision	Maestro
performer	``Run This Town'' is a song by American rapper Jay-Z. The song also features Barbadian singer Rihanna and American rapper Kanye West.	Run This Town	Rihanna	Kanye West
performer	``Til I Am Myself Again'' is a song written and recorded by Canadian country rock group Blue Rodeo.	Til I Am Myself Again	Blue Rodeo
performer	Stone Letter is a single by the American experimental rock supergroup Tomahawk.	Stone Letter	Tomahawk
performer	``Lavanda'' (Russian: Лава́нда - lavender) is one of the major hits of Sofia Rotaru, a popular song for duet performance of 1985.	Lavanda	Sofia Rotaru
performer	``Lonely Swedish (The Bum Bum Song)'' is a novelty song by Canadian comedian Tom Green, created in 1999 for The Tom Green Show.	Lonely Swedish (The Bum Bum Song)	Tom Green
performer	The Mighty Death Pop! is the twelfth studio album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse, released on August 14, 2012.	The Mighty Death Pop!	Insane Clown Posse
performer	``Last Train to London'' is the fifth track from the Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) album Discovery.	Last Train to London	Electric Light Orchestra
performer	``Stronger Woman'' is a song written by Marv Green and co-written and recorded by American recording artist Jewel.	Stronger Woman	Jewel
performer	Living with Ghosts is Patty Griffin's debut album and was released on May 21, 1996.	Living with Ghosts	Patty Griffin
performer	They Don't Teach This Shit in School is the debut album by Damien Dempsey released in 2000 on the Zincfence label.	They Don't Teach This Shit in School	Damien Dempsey
performer	``Give Us a Goal'' is a single from English rock band Slade.	Give Us a Goal	Slade
performer	Requiem for Julius is the seventeenth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and their fifth on the Justin Time label.	Requiem for Julius	World Saxophone Quartet
performer	Come On Now Social is the seventh studio album by the Indigo Girls, released in 1999.	Come On Now Social	Indigo Girls
performer	``Between Angels and Insects'', also known by its working title of ``Obsession'', is the third single from Californian rock band Papa Roach's second album, Infest, and third released single in total.	Between Angels and Insects	Papa Roach
performer	``Cry Like a Baby'' is a 1968 song written by Dan Penn and Spooner Oldham, and performed by The Box Tops.	Cry Like a Baby	The Box Tops
performer	``Put Your Lights On'' is a single performed by Santana and Everlast on Santana's album, Supernatural (1999).	Put Your Lights On	Santana	Everlast
performer	Clouds in My Head is the debut album by Norwegian jazz bassist and composer Arild Andersen recorded in 1975 and released on the ECM label.	Clouds in My Head	Arild Andersen
performer	Low Ride is the 9th studio album by Earl Klugh released in 1983.	Low Ride	Earl Klugh
performer	Verliefd (English: In Love) is the fourth studio album by the Belgian girlgroup K3.	Verliefd	K3
performer	Ordinary Fool is an album by Paul Williams, released in 1975.	Ordinary Fool	Paul Williams
performer	``Wish You Would'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Ludacris, released September 2, 2008 as the first promo single from his sixth studio album Theater of the Mind (2008).	Wish You Would	Ludacris
performer	``Untitled (How Does It Feel)'' is a song by American recording artist D'Angelo, released January 1, 2000 on Virgin Records in the United States.	Untitled (How Does It Feel)	D'Angelo
performer	The Power of Failing is the first studio album from the emo band Mineral.	The Power of Failing	Mineral
performer	``Per tutta la vita'' is the third single by Italian singer Noemi.	Per tutta la vita	Noemi
performer	Greatest Hits, Etc. is the first greatest hits compilation album by American singer-songwriter Paul Simon, released in November 1977 by Columbia Records.	Greatest Hits, Etc.	Paul Simon
performer	``En qué estrella estará'' is the second official single from Nena Daconte from their debut Album He perdido los zapatos.	En qué estrella estará	Nena Daconte
performer	Back to the Centre is a 1985 album by Irish singer/songwriter Paul Brady, his fourth solo album.	Back to the Centre	Paul Brady
performer	The Illusion of Progress is the sixth studio album by American rock band Staind.	The Illusion of Progress	Staind
performer	``Thelo'' (Greek: Θέλω; English: I Want) is a song by Greek singer Despina Vandi.	Thelo	Despina Vandi
performer	``Love You Lately'' is the fifth single from Daniel Powter's eponymous album, Daniel Powter.	Love You Lately	Daniel Powter
performer	Pulya+ Disk 1 (Russian: Пуля+ (Диск 1), means 'Bullet+ (Disc 1)') is a re-released album of the Russian ska punk group Leningrad's first album, Pulya, with additional tracks.	Pulya+ Disk 1	Leningrad
performer	``Things Have Changed'' is a song from the film Wonder Boys, written and performed by Bob Dylan and released as a single on May 1, 2000.	Things Have Changed	Bob Dylan
performer	Remindstate is the a remixed version of Mindstate, the debut album by Dutch Hip-Hop duo Pete Philly and Perquisite.	Remindstate	Pete Philly and Perquisite
performer	``Il me dit que je suis belle'' is a 1993 song recorded by the French singer Patricia Kaas.	Il me dit que je suis belle	Patricia Kaas
performer	Hymns from the Heart is the eleventh album and the second gospel album of singer Johnny Cash, released in 1962 (see 1962 in music).	Hymns from the Heart	Johnny Cash
performer	Missing Songs is a compilation album by the British indie rock band Maxïmo Park comprising B-sides and demos previously available only on British released singles.	Missing Songs	Maxïmo Park
performer	Lilah Morgan is a fictional character from the television series Angel, played by Stephanie Romanov.	Lilah Morgan	Stephanie Romanov
performer	Who Touched My Violin String (谁动了我的琴弦) is the first studio album from Chinese singer and songwriter Zhou Bichang, released on August 12, 2006.	Who Touched My Violin String	Zhou Bichang
performer	Happiness Was Free is the 1976 album by the pioneer British Folk musician Wizz Jones.	Happiness Was Free	Wizz Jones
performer	``Hyperballad'' (also known as ``'Hyper-Ballad'') is the fourth single from the studio album Post by Icelandic recording artist Björk.	Hyperballad	Björk
performer	``Teddybjörnen Fredriksson'' (Fredriksson, the Teddy bear) is a Swedish children's song by Lasse Berghagen who wrote it in 1969 to his 3-year-old daughter Malin.	Teddybjörnen Fredriksson	Lasse Berghagen
performer	As the Light Does the Shadow is the fifth studio album by the Norwegian funeral doom band Funeral.	As the Light Does the Shadow	Funeral
performer	Trio Music Live in Europe is a live album by pianist Chick Corea with bassist Miroslav Vitous and drummer Roy Haynes recorded in Switzerland in 1984 and released on the ECM label.	Trio Music Live in Europe	Chick Corea
performer	Desnúdate Mujer is the 2004 song released by popular Spanish singer David Bisbal.	Desnúdate Mujer	David Bisbal
performer	Unmistakable is the third studio album from Canadian country music artist Beverley Mahood.	Unmistakable	Beverley Mahood
performer	``Come se non fosse stato mai amore'' is a song recorded by Italian singer Laura Pausini and released on 25 March 2005 as the third single from her 2004's album Resta in ascolto.	Come se non fosse stato mai amore	Laura Pausini
performer	Toy Ride, Toy-Box's second album, was released on July 28, 2001.	Toy Ride	Toy-Box
performer	Il Cuore A Modo Mio (translated as 'The Proper Heart Of Mine') is the sixth studio album by Alexia released in Italy on 7 March 2003 (Sony Code 511054).	Il Cuore A Modo Mio	Alexia
place of birth	Hummie Mann (Born October 29, 1955 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a two-time Emmy award-winning American film score composer.	Hummie Mann	Montreal
place of birth	Daniel Gildenlöw (born in Eskilstuna, June 5, 1973) is a Swedish musician and songwriter.	Daniel Gildenlöw	Eskilstuna
place of birth	Marco Ferruzzi (born October 15, 1970 in San Antonio, Texas) is an American soccer coach who is currently the assistant coach of FC Dallas.	Marco Ferruzzi	San Antonio
place of birth	Edward Próchniak (Polish pronunciation: (ˈɛdvart ˈpruxɲak); 4 December 1888, Puławy - 21 August 1937) was a leading Polish communist purged by Stalin.	Edward Próchniak	Puławy
place of birth	Born in Boston, Richard Barnet was raised in Brookline.	Richard Barnet	Boston
place of birth	Thom Brennan (born May 31, 1957 in Lubbock, Texas) is an American electronic ambient musician, composer and synthesist.	Thom Brennan	Lubbock
place of birth	Trinley Thaye Dorje (Tibetan: ཕྲིན་ལས་མཐའ་ཡས་རྡོ་རྗེ་, Wylie: Phrin-las Mtha'-yas Rdo-rje) (born 6 May 1983 in Lhasa) is a claimant to the title of 17th Karmapa.	Trinley Thaye Dorje	Lhasa
place of birth	Johann von Dumreicher, fully Johann Heinrich Georg Freiherr Dumreicher von Österreicher (13 January 1815, Trieste -- 16 November 1880, Januševec, near Zagreb) was an Austrian surgeon.	Johann von Dumreicher	Trieste
place of birth	Vladislav Badiarov (born 1973 in Nalchik, Russia) is a Russian-Mexican violinist.	Vladislav Badiarov	Nalchik
place of birth	Bruno Kernen (born 1 July 1972 in Thun, Canton of Bern) is a Swiss alpine ski racer.	Bruno Kernen	Thun
place of birth	Karl Christian Traugott Friedemann Goebel (21 February 1794, Niederroßla -- 26 May 1851, Dorpat) was a German pharmacist and chemist.	Karl Christian Traugott Friedemann Goebel	Niederroßla
place of birth	Vincenzo Brenna, son of Francesco, was born in 1747 in Florence (19th-century sources list him as a native of Rome, perhaps due to his signature Del cavalier Brenna Romano).	Vincenzo Brenna	Rome
place of birth	Carolyn Cowan (born 1960) is a London-based psychosexual and relationship therapist.	Carolyn Cowan	London
place of birth	Arsalan Nami (Persian: ارسلان نامی‎‎) (born May 21, 1984 in Shiraz) better known as Arsi Nami, is a Persian-Swedish singer, songwriter, music therapist, actor and philanthropist living in Los Angeles, California.	Arsi Nami	Shiraz
place of birth	Bryan Leung Kar-yan (born 20 January 1949) is a Hong Kong film and television actor and film director who has played roles in numerous acclaimed martial arts films.	Bryan Leung	Hong Kong
place of birth	Alberto Tomba was born in Bologna and raised in Castel de Britti, a village in the municipality of San Lazzaro di Savena -- an area without strong alpine traditions, but not far from the appenninic piste of Monte Cimone and Corno alle Scale.	Alberto Tomba	Bologna
place of birth	Andrei Herghelegiu (born 21 March 1992 in Iași) is a Romanian football player who plays for Universitatea Craiova as a winger or a striker.	Andrei Herghelegiu	Iași
place of birth	Joey Beltram (born September 2, 1971 in Queens, New York City, United States) is an American DJ and record producer, best known for the pioneering recordings ``Energy Flash'' and ``Mentasm''.	Joey Beltram	New York City
place of birth	Dorothy Koomson (born 1971 in London) is a contemporary English novelist.	Dorothy Koomson	London
place of birth	Marek Leśniak (born 29 February 1964 in Goleniów) is a retired Polish footballer who played as a striker, and the current coach of TuSpo Richrath.	Marek Leśniak	Goleniów
place of birth	Chris Henry Coffey (born May 1, 1971 in Green Bay, Wisconsin) is an American-born actor, best known for his role as a pedophile in the 2011 David Schwimmer-directed film Trust.	Chris Henry Coffey	Green Bay
place of birth	Marco Marzano (born 10 June 1980 in Cuggiono, Milan) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 2005 and 2012.	Marco Marzano	Cuggiono
place of birth	Joe Vescovi (Savona 1-1-1949. S.Benedetto del Tronto 28-11-2014) was an Italian progressive rock keyboard player, considered as one of the prominent musicians of the 1970s Italian progressive rock scene, best known for his work in band The Trip and Dik Dik.	Joe Vescovi	Savona
place of birth	Arliss Ryan (born July 24, 1950 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American novelist and short story writer and essayist.	Arliss Ryan	Detroit
place of birth	Derek Lee Nixon was born in San Antonio, Texas, he graduated from Churchill High School in 2001.	Derek Lee Nixon	San Antonio
place of birth	Milan Radonjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Радоњић), better known as Milan Tarot, born on 11 April 1973 in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia, is a known TV personality, comedian, satirist and tarot card reader in the Balkan region.	Milan Radonjić	Belgrade
place of birth	Amy Sterling Casil (born 1962 in Los Angeles, California) is a Southern California science fiction writer.	Amy Sterling Casil	Los Angeles
place of birth	Born in Oldenburg, Rena Niehaus was a minor star in 1970s Italian genre cinema, also appearing in several important ``auteur'' films as Alberto Lattuada's Cuore di cane and Eriprando Visconti's La Orca and later, Oedipus Orca.	Rena Niehaus	Oldenburg
place of birth	Jack Buckland was born in 1864 in Sydney, the eldest child of William Wilberforce Buckland and Harriet Emmeline Hopkins.	Jack Buckland	Sydney
place of birth	Chief Mungo Martin or Nakapenkem (lit. Potlatch chief ``ten times over''), Datsa (lit. ``grandfather''), was an important figure in Northwest Coast style art, specifically that of the Kwakwaka'wakw Aboriginal people who live in the area of British Columbia and Vancouver Island.	Mungo Martin	British Columbia
place of birth	Ron Pember (born 11 April 1934, Plaistow, London) is a British actor, stage director and dramatist, best known for his role as Alain Muny in the 1970s BBC drama series Secret Army.	Ron Pember	Plaistow
place of birth	Jorge Basadre was born to Carlos Basadre Forero and Olga Grohmann Pividal in Tacna, which was then under Chilean occupation.	Jorge Basadre	Tacna
place of birth	Bruno Kramm (born in Munich -- October 13, 1967) is a German musician, known for programming, playing synthesizers and keyboards, co-fronting and performing backup vocals for the electro-industrial duo Das Ich, alongside Stefan Ackermann.	Bruno Kramm	Munich
place of birth	Brian Webber (December 19, 1967) is an American actor from Birmingham, Alabama.	Brian Webber	Birmingham
place of birth	Borghese Petrucci was an Italian politician, who ruled Siena from 1512 to 1516.	Borghese Petrucci	Siena
place of birth	Héctor Marcelo Buquet Corleto (born October 4, 1963 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan actor and former model.	Marcelo Buquet	Montevideo
place of birth	The 1900 census indicates that Bessie Smith was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee, in July 1892, a date provided by her mother.	Bessie Smith	Chattanooga
place of birth	Akihiko Nakamura (Japanese: 中村 明彦; born 23 October 1990 in Nagoya) is a Japanese decathlete and occasional hurdler.	Akihiko Nakamura	Nagoya
place of birth	Martin Ernst von Schlieffen (30 October 1732 in Pudenzig, Pomerania -- 15 February 1825 near Heiligenrode) was a German general, politician, writer and garden architect.	Martin Ernst von Schlieffen	Pomerania
place of birth	André Bahia was born and raised in the Tijuca area of Rio de Janeiro.	André Bahia	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	John Bradshaw Crandell was born in Glens Falls, New York in 1896, son of Hubert Lee and Vira (Mills) Crandell.	Bradshaw Crandell	Glens Falls
place of birth	Onnik Chifte-Saraf was born Hovhannes Abisoghomian Aspet in the Istanbul suburb of Uskudar.	Onnik Chifte-Saraf	Istanbul
place of birth	Bob Gansler (born July 1, 1941 in Mucsi, Hungary) is a Hungarian-born American soccer player and coach of German descent.	Bob Gansler	Mucsi
place of birth	Chantal Meek (born 19 December 1978 in Kent, England) is an English-born Australian sprint canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s.	Chantal Meek	Kent
place of birth	Francine Jordi (born Francine Lehmann, 24 June 1977, in Worb, Canton of Bern) is a Swiss pop singer.	Francine Jordi	Worb
place of birth	Grosvenor Atterbury (July 7, 1869 Detroit, MI -- October 18, 1956 Southampton, NY) was an American architect, urban planner and writer.	Grosvenor Atterbury	Detroit
place of birth	Michal Krajník (born 5 April 1988 in Snina), is a former Slovak football player who recently played for 1.	Michal Krajník	Snina
place of birth	Melinda Wagner (born 1957 in Philadelphia) is a US composer, and winner of the 1999 Pulitzer Prize in music.	Melinda Wagner	Philadelphia
place of birth	Samantha Cristoforetti (Italian pronunciation: (saˈmanta kristofoˈrɛtti); born 26 April 1977 in Milan) is an Italian European Space Agency astronaut, Italian Air Force pilot and engineer.	Samantha Cristoforetti	Milan
place of birth	Boris Porena (Rome, 27 September 1927) is an Italian thinker, music composer and didactical expert.	Boris Porena	Rome
place of birth	Adrianna Lamalle (born September 27, 1982) is a French hurdler born in Les Abymes, Guadeloupe.	Adrianna Lamalle	Les Abymes
place of birth	Keith Makubuya (born January 26, 1993 in St. Catharines, Ontario) is a Canadian soccer player, currently playing for Niagara United of the Canadian Soccer League.	Keith Makubuya	St. Catharines
place of birth	Charlie Connelly (born 22 August 1970, London, England) is an author of popular non-fiction books.	Charlie Connelly	London
place of birth	George Rice Carpenter was born at the Eskimo River Mission Station on the Labrador Coast where his parents were engaged in pioneer missionary service.	George Rice Carpenter	Labrador
place of birth	Mircea Oprea (born 20 April 1980 in Sibiu) is a Romanian football player, currently under contract with Unirea Alba Iulia.	Mircea Oprea	Sibiu
place of birth	Cyril Clarke was born on 22 August 1907 in Leicester, England and received his school education at Wyggeston Grammar School for Boys, Leicester and at the independent Oundle School near Peterborough.	Cyril Clarke	Leicester
place of birth	Jane Frances de Chantal was born in Dijon, France, on 28 January 1572, the daughter of the royalist president of the Parliament of Burgundy.	Jane Frances de Chantal	Dijon
place of birth	Ryan Jack (born 27 February 1992) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Scottish Premiership club Aberdeen.	Ryan Jack	Aberdeen
place of birth	Born in Nackenheim in Rhenish Hesse, he was the son of Amalie (née Goldschmidt) and Carl Zuckmayer.	Carl Zuckmayer	Nackenheim
place of birth	Daniel Rocco (born 26 February 1983) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for the Melbourne Knights in the Victorian Premier League.	Daniel Rocco	Melbourne
place of birth	Anne Provoost was born in the Belgian town of Poperinge.	Anne Provoost	Poperinge
place of birth	Commanding general of the New Jersey militia during the Revolutionary War, a delegate to the Continental Congress, and a U.S. Senator, Philemon Dickinson was born at ``Crosiadore,'' near Trappe, Maryland on April 5, 1739, a younger brother of Founding Father John Dickinson.	Philemon Dickinson	Trappe
place of birth	Đỗ Mỹ Linh (b. Hanoi, August 19, 1975), who uses the stagename Mỹ Linh, is a Vietnamese pop singer.	Mỹ Linh	Hanoi
place of birth	Virgil Suárez (born 1962, Havana, Cuba) is a poet and novelist.	Virgil Suárez	Havana
place of birth	Lucie Englisch (February 8, 1902 in Baden bei Wien -- October 12, 1965) was an Austrian actress.	Lucie Englisch	Baden bei Wien
place of birth	Andy LeMaster is an American singer-songwriter and producer/engineer from Athens, Georgia.	Andy LeMaster	Athens
place of birth	Bedřich Bloudek was born on 24 March 1815 in Křižanov and started a career in the Austrian Army.	Bedřich Bloudek	Křižanov
place of birth	Otto Stadie was born in Berlin, where he completed his early schooling and then trained as a nurse in a clinic for venereal disease in the city.	Otto Stadie	Berlin
place of birth	Federica Mogherini was born on 16 June 1973 in Rome, Italy, to the family of the film director and set designer Flavio Mogherini (1922--1994).	Federica Mogherini	Rome
place of birth	Baron Léon de Witte de Haelen, born Léon de Witte (12 January 1857 in Ixelles -- 15 July 1933 in Meer), was a Belgian army officer and general who served during World War I. He is particularly known for commanding the Belgian Cavalry Division at the Battle of Haelen in 1914.	Léon de Witte de Haelen	Ixelles
place of birth	Nebojša Novaković (Serbian Cyrillic: Небојша Новаковић, born 29 October 1964 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian-born Swedish former football player of Serbian ethnicity.	Nebojša Novaković	Sarajevo
place of birth	Xavier was born in the city of Pedro Leopoldo, State of Minas Gerais and is popularly known as ``Chico Xavier'' (Chico is the Portuguese nickname for Francisco).	Chico Xavier	Minas Gerais
place of birth	Guy Fréquelin (born 2 April 1945 at Langres) is a former French rally and sports car driver.	Guy Fréquelin	Langres
place of birth	Sydney James Van Pelt (born 1 February 1908 in Melbourne; † 7 January 1976) was an Australian medical doctor and pioneer of modern medical hypnosis and hypnotherapy as well as President of the British Society of Medical Hypnotists (for life).	Sydney James Van Pelt	Melbourne
place of birth	Muhammet Akagündüz, nicknamed Aka, (born January 11, 1978 in Bingöl) is a Turkish-born Austrian footballer.	Muhammet Akagündüz	Bingöl
place of birth	Azize Erdoğan was born in the western Turkish city of Aydın on August 5, 1996.	Azize Erdoğan	Aydın
place of birth	Izzaq Faris Ramlan (born 18 April 1990, in Kemaman, Terengganu), is a Malaysian footballer who currently playing for Terengganu FA as a Striker.	Izzaq Faris Ramlan	Kemaman
place of birth	Ernest Emerson was born on March 7, 1955 in northern Wisconsin.	Ernest Emerson	Wisconsin
place of birth	Sonatane Takulua (born 11 January 1991 in Lapaha, Tonga) is a professional rugby union footballer at Aviva Premiership side Newcastle Falcons, joining them in February 2015 from the Blues on a 15-month contract.	Sonatane Takulua	Tonga
place of birth	Tanja Fajon graduated in journalism at the Faculty of Political and Social Sciences, University of Ljubljana.	Tanja Fajon	Ljubljana
place of birth	Saheed Osupa was born into a music-loving family in Ibadan, the capital of Oyo State but grew up in Ajegunle, Lagos State.	Saheed Osupa	Ibadan
place of birth	Adi Rocha Sobrinho Filho (born 15 December 1985 in Riachão, Maranhão), commonly known as Adi Rocha or simply Adi, is a Brazilian footballer.	Adi Rocha	Maranhão
place of birth	Donavon Frankenreiter (born December 10, 1972 in Downey, California) is an American musician and surfer.	Donavon Frankenreiter	California
place of birth	Brandon Scott Sessoms, best known as B. Scott (born March 21, 1981 in Franklin, Virginia) is an American television personality, radio show host and internet celebrity who is known for his YouTube videoblogs and website LoveBScott.com.	B. Scott	Franklin
place of birth	Srđan Srdić (born 3 November 1977 in Kikinda) is a novelist, short-story writer, editor, essayist and creative reading/writing teacher.	Srđan Srdić	Kikinda
place of birth	Police Major Natee Thongsookkaew (Thai นที ทองสุขแก้ว; born 8 December 1966 in Uttaradit) is a Thai former footballer.	Natee Thongsookkaew	Uttaradit
place of birth	Jacques Novi (born 18 July 1946 in Bellegarde, Gard), most commonly called Jacky Novi is a French former professional football player.	Jacky Novi	Bellegarde
place of birth	Mac McDonald (born Terence McDonald, 18 June 1949, in Long Island, New York, United States) is an American actor.	Mac McDonald	Long Island
place of birth	Gerald Nye (whose first name was pronounced with a hard ``G''), was born in Hortonville, Wisconsin to Irwin Raymond Nye and Phoebe Ella Nye (née Prentice).	Gerald Nye	Hortonville
place of birth	Rachel Constantine (born 1973) is a Philadelphia-based realist / impressionist painter.	Rachel Constantine	Philadelphia
place of birth	Albert Walder (born 9 November 1957 in Toblach) was an Italian cross country skier who competed from 1985 to 1988.	Albert Walder	Toblach
place of birth	Gunilla Gerland, born 1963 in Stockholm, is an author, lecturer and debater on the topic of Asperger syndrome.	Gunilla Gerland	Stockholm
place of birth	Stanley Mazor is an American engineer who was born on 22 October 1941 in Chicago, Illinois.	Stanley Mazor	Chicago
place of birth	Igor Radović (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Радовић ;born 26 January 1978 in Nikšić) is a Montenegrin footballer currently playing for FK Bačka Bačka Palanka.	Igor Radović	Nikšić
place of birth	Michael Harrington was born in St. Louis, Missouri, on February 24, 1928, to an Irish-American family.	Michael Harrington	St. Louis
place of birth	Mei-mei Berssenbrugge (Chinese: 白萱华; pinyin: Bái Xuānhuá; born October 5, 1947 Beijing, China) is a contemporary poet.	Mei-mei Berssenbrugge	Beijing
place of birth	John Cornelius Butler (July 2, 1887 in Buffalo -- August 13, 1953 in Buffalo) was a member of the United States House of Representatives, from New York.	John Cornelius Butler	Buffalo
place of birth	Antônio Gonçalves Teixeira e Sousa was born in Cabo Frio, in 1812, to Portuguese Manuel Gonçalves and black Ana Teixeira de Jesus.	Antônio Gonçalves Teixeira e Sousa	Cabo Frio
place of birth	Tim Keurntjes (born 13 March 1991) in Doetinchem is a Dutch football (soccer) player who plays as a left back for Telstar in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Tim Keurntjes	Doetinchem
place of birth	Vanni Fucci di Pistoia is a minor character in Inferno, the first part of Dante Alighieri's epic poem the Divine Comedy, appearing in Cantos 24 and 25.	Vanni Fucci	Pistoia
place of birth	Victor Schiøler was born, and died, in Copenhagen.	Victor Schiøler	Copenhagen
place of birth	Antonio Imerti (Villa San Giovanni, August 22, 1946), also known as ``Nanu feroce'' (``fierce dwarf''), is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta, the Calabrian mafia.	Antonio Imerti	Villa San Giovanni
place of birth	Mariella Mehr (born December 27, 1947 in Zürich) is a Swiss writer.	Mariella Mehr	Zürich
place of birth	William Cumberland Cruikshank (1745, Edinburgh -- 27 June 1800) was a British chemist and anatomist.	William Cumberland Cruikshank	Edinburgh
place of birth	Roscoe Conkling Bruce was born on 21 April 1879 in Washington, D.C., the only son of U.S. Senator Blanche Bruce and his wife Josephine Beall Willson Bruce.	Roscoe Conkling Bruce	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Júlia Báthory was born in 1901 in Budapest into an aristocratic family.	Júlia Báthory	Budapest
place of birth	Ekaterina Aleksandrovna Vasilieva (Russian: Екатерина Александровна Васильева, born May 30, 1976 in Moscow) is a Russian water polo player, who won the bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics.Now she plays in Rari Nantes Bologna.	Ekaterina Aleksandrovna Vasilieva	Moscow
place of birth	Daniel Kreutzfeldt (born 19 November 1987, in Roskilde) is a Danish track cyclist.	Daniel Kreutzfeldt	Roskilde
place of birth	Nicole Reinhardt (born January 2, 1986 in Lampertheim, Hesse) is a German sprint canoer who competed since 2003.	Nicole Reinhardt	Lampertheim
place of birth	Tommy Callaghan (born 6 December 1945 in Cowdenbeath) is a Scottish former football player, who played for Celtic, Dunfermline Athletic, and Clydebank.	Tommy Callaghan	Cowdenbeath
place of birth	Jamel Shabazz (born in Brooklyn, New York) is an African American, fashion, fine art, and documentary photographer.	Jamel Shabazz	Brooklyn
place of birth	Patrick Meek was born November 10, 1985 in the Chicago suburb of Evanston, Illinois into a family of avid speed skaters.	Patrick Meek	Evanston
place of birth	His full name was Inácio de Azevedo d'Athayde e Abreu Malafaya and he was born in Porto from a wealthy family, being the eldest son of Dom Manuel de Azevedo and Dona Francisca de Abreu.	Inácio de Azevedo	Porto
place of birth	Murray Neil Comrie AO, APM (born 10 March 1935 in Ballarat, Victoria), known as Neil Comrie, is a former Australian police officer.	Neil Comrie	Ballarat
place of birth	Robert Heger (19 August 1886 -- 14 January 1978) was a German conductor and composer from Strasbourg, Alsace-Lorraine.	Robert Heger	Strasbourg
place of birth	Joseph McMillan Johnson (1912--1990) was a leading Hollywood art director born in Los Angeles.	Joseph McMillan Johnson	Los Angeles
place of birth	Ingo Appelt (born 11 December 1961 in Innsbruck) is an Austrian bobsledder who competed from the late 1980s to early 1992.	Ingo Appelt	Innsbruck
place of birth	Jean Kerr (July 10, 1922 -- January 5, 2003) was an Irish-American author and playwright born in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and best known for her humorous bestseller, Please Don't Eat the Daisies, and the plays King of Hearts and Mary, Mary.	Jean Kerr	Scranton
place of birth	Oliver Stritzel (born 9 March 1957) is a German actor and voice actor from Berlin.	Oliver Stritzel	Berlin
place of birth	Pekka Kuusisto (born 7 October 1976 in Espoo) is a Finnish musician.	Pekka Kuusisto	Espoo
place of birth	Edward John Clifton Parker was born on 5 February 1905 in London, the youngest son of a bank manager.	Clifton Parker	London
place of birth	Toni Rüttimann, (Pontresina, 21 August 1967) is a Swiss bridge builder who works in Southeast Asia and in Latin America, where he is known as Toni el Suizo (Toni the Swiss).	Toni Rüttimann	Pontresina
place of birth	Melvin Nieves Ramos (born December 28, 1971 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) is a former professional baseball outfielder.	Melvin Nieves	San Juan
place of birth	Darius Harrison, better known as Deezle, is an American record producer who was born and raised in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Deezle	New Orleans
place of birth	Shaun Pearce (born 13 December 1969 in Reading, Berkshire) is a British slalom canoeist who competed in the 1990s.	Shaun Pearce	Reading
place of birth	Mario Bilate (born 16 July 1991 in Moscow) is a Russian-born Dutch professional footballer who last played as a striker for Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership.	Mario Bilate	Moscow
place of birth	Bill Haugland is a Canadian journalist and former news anchor for CFCF-TV in Montreal, Quebec.	Bill Haugland	Montreal
place of birth	Samoëla began writing compositions in 1996 and gave his first performance that year at the Alliance Francaise in Antananarivo, followed by concerts at numerous other cultural centers across the island.	Samoëla	Antananarivo
place of birth	Mbemba Sylla (born 14 July 1982 in Conakry) is a Guineean footballer who currently plays in Indonesia Premier League at PSIR Rembang.	Mbemba Sylla	Conakry
place of birth	Andrew Hamilton Russell, known as Guy to his family, was born on 23 February 1868 at Napier, New Zealand, the oldest son of a farmer and his wife.	Andrew Hamilton Russell	Napier
place of birth	Agee was born in Knoxville, Tennessee, at Highland Avenue and 15th Street, which was renamed James Agee Street in 1999, in what is now the Fort Sanders neighborhood to Hugh James Agee and Laura Whitman Tyler.	James Agee	Knoxville
place of birth	Robert Edmond Grant MD FRCPEd FRS (1793--1874) was born in Edinburgh and educated at Edinburgh University as a physician.	Robert Edmond Grant	Edinburgh
place of birth	Arno Jordaan born in Port Elizabeth is a South African pop singer singing in Afrikaans.	Arno Jordaan	Port Elizabeth
place of birth	Jacob Bellaert (born in Zierikzee) was an early Dutch publisher who produced seventeen books in Haarlem from 1483 to 1486.	Jacob Bellaert	Haarlem
place of birth	By receiving her license on March 4, 2003, Reyhan Şeker began football playing at the club Gazi Üniversitesispor in Ankara, where she was born.	Reyhan Şeker	Ankara
place of birth	Nahum Slouschz was born in Smarhon'' and raised in Odessa.	Nahum Slouschz	Smarhon
place of birth	LaFarr Stuart (born July 6, 1934 in Clarkston, Utah), now retired, was an early computer music pioneer, computer engineer and member of the Homebrew Computer Club.	LaFarr Stuart	Clarkston
place of birth	Archer Taylor (August 1, 1890 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was a seminal proverb and riddle scholar and folklorist.	Archer Taylor	Philadelphia
place of birth	Asbury Bascom Davidson (born November 13, 1855, in Lincoln County, Tennessee; died February 4, 1920) served as Lieutenant Governor of Texas from January 15, 1907, to January 21, 1913.	Asbury Bascom Davidson	Lincoln County
place of birth	Monica Porter (born in Budapest) is a London-based journalist who, in both articles and books, has often written about her Hungarian émigré family background.	Monica Porter	Budapest
place of birth	Bekim Dema (born 30 March 1993 in Skopje, SFR Yugoslavia) is an Albanian football player from Macedonia who currently plays for Skënderbeu Korçë in the Albanian Superliga.	Bekim Dema	Skopje
place of birth	Willi Behnisch (born 1956 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine cinematographer, film director, and screenplay writer.	Willi Behnisch	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Markus Kattner (Bayreuth, 24 September 1970) is a German-Swiss football administrator.	Markus Kattner	Bayreuth
place of birth	Pierre Camara (born 10 September 1965 in Castres, Tarn) is a retired French triple jumper, best known for his triple jump gold medal at the 1993 World Indoor Championships.	Pierre Camara	Castres
place of birth	Beka Gotsiridze (born 21 February 1988 in Tbilisi, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union) is a footballer, currently playing for Merani Martvili.	Beka Gotsiridze	Tbilisi
place of birth	Toi Derricotte (pronounced DARE-ah-cot ) (born April 12, 1941 in Hamtramck, Michigan) is an American poet and a professor of writing at University of Pittsburgh.	Toi Derricotte	Hamtramck
place of birth	Connelly was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the second oldest child of W. Michael Connelly, a property developer, and Mary Connelly, a homemaker.	Michael Connelly	Philadelphia
place of birth	Brian Purcell (23 November 1938 -- 20 January 1969) was a Welsh professional footballer who played for Swansea City between 1959 and 1968, making 165 league appearances.	Brian Purcell	Swansea
place of birth	Nicki Chapman (born 14 January 1967, Herne Bay, Kent, England) is an English television presenter who also works in the British pop music industry.	Nicki Chapman	Herne Bay
place of birth	Edgar Pêra studied Psychology, but switched to Film at the Portuguese National Conservatory, presently Lisbon Theatre and Film School (Escola Superior de Teatro e Cinema).	Edgar Pêra	Lisbon
place of birth	Arthur L. Aidala (born 1967 in Brooklyn, New York), currently a New York criminal defense lawyer and legal analyst on Fox News Channel where he appears on various day-time and prime-time programs.	Arthur L. Aidala	Brooklyn
place of birth	Val McLane (born 25 February 1943, in Newcastle upon Tyne, Northumberland) is an English actress, scriptwriter, director and teacher.	Val McLane	Newcastle upon Tyne
place of birth	Jenő Károly (15 January 1886 -- 28 July 1926) was a Hungarian footballer and later manager born in Budapest.	Jenő Károly	Budapest
place of birth	Craig Cranmer (born 21 February 1968, in Johnstone) is a former Scottish footballer.	Craig Cranmer	Johnstone
place of birth	His nickname, Poliziano, by which he is chiefly identified to the present day, was derived from the Latin name of his birthplace, Montepulciano (Mons Politianus).	Poliziano	Montepulciano
place of birth	Laurence Pomeroy was born in London and after leaving school started a four-year engineering course at the East London Technical College as a Whitworth Exhibitioner and at the same time became a railway engineering apprentice at the North London Locomotive Works at Bow.	Laurence Pomeroy	London
place of birth	A native of Kanpur, the most populous city in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, Haseena Moin received her early education in her ancestral region and, after the independence of Pakistan in 1947, migrated with her family to Pakistan.	Haseena Moin	Kanpur
place of birth	Ben Cramer (born Ben Kramer, 17 February 1947, Amsterdam) is a Dutch singer, known for his participation in the 1973 Eurovision Song Contest.	Ben Cramer	Amsterdam
place of birth	Barbara Stöckl (born 2 April 1963 in Vienna) is an Austrian television and radio presenter.	Barbara Stöckl	Vienna
place of birth	Jason Lehning (born April 14, 1972) is an American producer, composer, musician and mixer/engineer living in Nashville, Tennessee.	Jason Lehning	Nashville
place of birth	Robert Stadler is an Austrian designer, born in 1966 in Vienna.	Robert Stadler	Vienna
place of birth	Chris McGarry (born August 19, 1966) is an American actor born in Roselle, New Jersey, known for his performance in the American television series Law & Order on NBC from 2001--2005.	Chris McGarry	Roselle, New Jersey
place of birth	Kate Tsui Tsz-shan (Chinese: 徐子珊) is a Hong Kong actress, who is best known for her work with Television Broadcasts Limited (TVB), and to an extent, for her film work.	Kate Tsui	Hong Kong
place of birth	Antoine-Jean Saint-Martin was born in Paris on 17 January 1791, the son of a tradesman.	Antoine-Jean Saint-Martin	Paris
place of birth	Laurent Korcia is a French violinist who studied at the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique de Paris.	Laurent Korcia	Paris
place of birth	Freedom Neruda (born as Tiéti Roch d'Assomption, 15 August 1956, Duékoué, Côte d’Ivoire) is an Ivorian journalist.	Freedom Neruda	Duékoué
place of birth	Juan José Borrelli (born 8 November 1970 in San Isidro, Buenos Aires) is a former Argentine footballer and one of the most known Argentine footballers that played in Greece (along with Juan Ramón Rocha).	Juan José Borrelli	San Isidro
place of birth	Éric Di Meco (born 7 September 1963 in Avignon, Vaucluse) is a French retired footballer who played as a left back.	Éric Di Meco	Avignon
place of birth	David Lilly (born 14 January 1986 in Coatbridge) is a Scottish footballer who played in the United Soccer Leagues.	David Lilly	Coatbridge
place of birth	Trevor Grimshaw (1947 in Hyde, Cheshire -- 2001) was an English artist whose main subject is the northern industrial town landscape as it used to be.	Trevor Grimshaw	Hyde
place of birth	Cher Lloyd was raised in Malvern, Worcestershire, with her parents Darren and Diane and her three younger siblings, Sophie, Josh, and Rosie.	Cher Lloyd	Malvern
place of birth	Frank P. Treanor (May 11, 1855 in New York City -- August 9, 1933 in Monument Beach, Barnstable County, Massachusetts) was an American businessman and politician from New York.	Frank P. Treanor	New York City
place of birth	Ilias Haddad (born 1 March 1989, Dordrecht) is a Moroccan footballer who plays as a centre back.	Ilias Haddad	Dordrecht
place of birth	Brandyn Dombrowski (born April 3, 1985 in Buffalo, New York) is a professional American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent.	Brandyn Dombrowski	Buffalo
place of birth	Andrew McCollum (born September 4, 1983 in California) is a co-founder of Facebook and an angel investor.	Andrew McCollum	California
place of birth	Alberto Castagnetti (3 February 1943, Verona - 12 October 2009) was an Italian swimming coach and freestyle swimmer.	Alberto Castagnetti	Verona
place of birth	Ludmila Javorová (born 1932, Brno) is a Czech Roman Catholic woman who worked in the underground church during the time of communist rule in Czechoslovakia and served as a vicar general of a clandestine bishop.	Ludmila Javorová	Brno
place of birth	Paul Levi was born 11 March 1883 in Hechingen in Hohenzollern Province to a well-to-do Jewish merchant family.	Paul Levi	Hechingen
place of birth	Claudia Coffey graduated with honors from Assumption High School in Louisville, Kentucky.	Claudia Coffey	Louisville
place of birth	James Hipwood was born in Sydney in 1842, the son of William Hooper Hipwood and Mary Ann (née Hayes).	James Hipwood	Sydney
place of birth	Franklin Loufrani (born October 25, 1942 in Algiers, Algeria) is the French President of the Smiley Company, which owns the trademark and copyright of the Smiley face and name in many countries.	Franklin Loufrani	Algiers
place of birth	Alessandro Petacchi (born 3 January 1974 in La Spezia, Liguria) is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist, who last rode for the Southeast--	Alessandro Petacchi	La Spezia
place of birth	Clement Bissong (born 29 September 1983 in Calabar, Cross River State) is a football striker who plays for Dynamos.	Clement Bissong	Calabar
place of birth	Manfred Honeck (born 17 September 1958 in Nenzing) is an Austrian conductor, the son of Otto and Frieda Honeck, from a family of nine children.	Manfred Honeck	Nenzing
place of birth	Adolphus Hailstork (born Adolphus Cunningham Hailstork III, Rochester, New York, April 17, 1941) is an American composer and educator.	Adolphus Hailstork	Rochester
place of birth	Clodoaldo de Oliveira (born March 19, 1974 in Ernestina, Rio Grande do Sul) is a Brazilian footballer currently a free agent He known as Ernestina or Oliveira.	Clodoaldo de Oliveira	Ernestina, Rio Grande do Sul
place of birth	Rita Clay Estrada (born July 31, 1941 in Michigan, US) is an US writer of romance novels as Rita Clay, Tira Lacy and Rita Clay Estrada, she also wrote non-fiction books about writing romance novels.	Rita Clay Estrada	Michigan
place of birth	He was the second child and only son of Charles Boner, of Bath, Somerset, who died at Twickenham, 14 Aug. 1833, and was born at Weston, near Bath, 29 April 1815.	Charles Boner	Bath
place of birth	Gary Fitzpatrick (born 5 August 1971 in Birmingham) is a footballer who plays for Rushall Olympic.	Gary Fitzpatrick	Birmingham
place of birth	Cesare Ambrosini (born 31 March 1990 in Erba) is an Italian footballer who plays for and captains Serie B side Como.	Cesare Ambrosini	Erba
place of birth	Nigel Roebuck (born in 1946, in Manchester, Lancashire, England) is an English journalist.	Nigel Roebuck	Manchester
place of birth	Ahn Jae-wook spent most of his childhood in his hometown, the district of Donam-dong in Seoul, before graduating from Seoul Institute of the Arts, where he majored in theater.	Ahn Jae-wook	Seoul
place of birth	Lori Saunders (born Linda Marie Hines on October 4, 1941 in Kansas City, Missouri) is an American film and television actress, probably best known for her role as Bobbie Jo Bradley in the television series Petticoat Junction (1965--1970).	Lori Saunders	Kansas City
place of birth	Jacky Mathijssen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈdʒɛ.ki mɑ.ˈtɛi̯.sə(n))) (born 20 July 1963 in Dilsen-Stokkem) is a Belgian former football player and currently manager who is currently unemployed after last being in charge of OH Leuven in the Belgian Pro League.	Jacky Mathijssen	Dilsen-Stokkem
place of birth	Socrates was born in Alopeke, and belonged to the tribe Antiochis.	Socrates	Alopeke
place of birth	Boubaker Ayadi (Arabic: أبوبكر العيادي‎) also spelled Aboub-baker Al-Ayadi (born March 6, 1949 in Jendouba) is a Tunisian author.	Boubaker Ayadi	Jendouba
place of birth	Bálint Vécsei (born 13 July 1993, in Miskolc) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Italian-side Bologna.	Bálint Vécsei	Miskolc
place of birth	Rhoda Haas Goldman (1924 -- February 17, 1996) was an American philanthropist in San Francisco, California.	Rhoda Haas Goldman	San Francisco
place of birth	Jimmy Ghaichem (born 11 April 1984 in Sheffield) is an English footballer, who plays for Afc Mansfield.	Jimmy Ghaichem	Sheffield
place of birth	Žarko Belada (Cyrillic: Жapкo Бeлaдa, born 10 June 1977) is a Montenegrin footballer playing for FK Cetinje.	Žarko Belada	Cetinje
place of birth	Anna Åström (5 November 1990) is a Swedish actress born in Gråbo outside of Lerum.	Anna Åström	Lerum
place of birth	Alex Hughes (born Solihull, 22 April 1971) is an English freelance cartoonist, caricaturist and illustrator, whose work is published in Tribune and has been used in PC Pro, Red Pepper and by the BBC's The Midlands at Westminster and Five's Live With Christian O'Connell.	Alex Hughes	Solihull
place of birth	Halim Medaci (Arabic: حليم مداسي‎) (born April 20, 1983 in Nanterre) is an Algerian footballer.	Halim Medaci	Nanterre
place of birth	Julian Cheung Chi-lam (born 27 August 1971), better known as Chilam, is a Hong Kong singer and actor.	Julian Cheung	Hong Kong
place of birth	Laurent Desbiens (born September 16, 1969, Mons-en-Barœul) was a French cyclist between 1992 and 2001.	Laurent Desbiens	Mons-en-Barœul
place of birth	Zoltán Gál (born 23 January 1940 in Budapest) is a Hungarian politician, who served as Interior Minister for a short time in 1990 before the first parliamentary elections.	Zoltán Gál	Budapest
place of birth	Nicola Rosini Di Santi (born in 1959 in Santeramo in Colle, Italy) is a French sculptor and painter.	Nicola Rosini Di Santi	Santeramo in Colle
place of birth	Hilary Thayer Hamann (born November 7, 1962, in New York City) is an American author.	Hilary Thayer Hamann	New York City
place of birth	Nora Lam was born September 4, 1932 in a missionary hospital in Beijing, China.	Nora Lam	Beijing
place of birth	Basanta Kumar Biswas was born on 6th February 1895 at Poragacha in Nadia district of West Bengal, to Matilal and Kunjabala Biswas.	Basanta Kumar Biswas	Nadia district
place of birth	Gabriel von Wayditch (28 December 1888, Budapest -- 28 July 1969 New York) was a Hungarian-American composer whose output consisted primarily of 14 grand operas.	Gabriel von Wayditch	Budapest
place of birth	Gaëtan Courtet (born 22 February 1989 in Lorient) is a French footballer who plays for French club AJ Auxerre in Ligue 2.	Gaëtan Courtet	Lorient
place of birth	Brett James Cornelius was born June 5, 1968 in Columbia, Missouri to the late Carolyn and Dr.Sam Cornelius, graduating from Christian Heritage Academy high-school in Del City, Oklahoma in 1986.	Brett James	Columbia
place of birth	Ihar Tarlowski (Belarusian: Ігар Тарлоўскі; Russian: Игорь Викторович Тарловский; born 21 September 1974 in Minsk) is a Belarusian professional football coach and former player.	Ihar Tarlowski	Minsk
place of birth	Pepijn Veerman (born 6 Maart 1992 in Roosendaal) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a striker for AFC in the Dutch Topklasse.	Pepijn Veerman	Roosendaal
place of birth	Franz von Reber (10 November 1834 in Cham, Bavaria -- 1919) was a German art historian.	Franz von Reber	Cham
place of birth	Carey Torrice (born 13 February 1986 in Detroit, Michigan as Carey Shawn DeJaeghere) is a politician from Macomb County, Michigan.	Carey Torrice	Detroit
place of birth	Manoel Segundo Jardim Júnior (born 12 August 1990 in São Bernardo do Campo) is a Brazilian footballer.	Manoel Segundo Jardim Júnior	São Bernardo do Campo
place of birth	Thomas Fehlmann (born 1957 in Zürich), is a Swiss-born composer/producer who currently lives in Berlin, and has been active in electronic music as far back as the 1980s.	Thomas Fehlmann	Zürich
place of birth	David Bostice (born April 3, 1972, in Los Angeles, California) is an American heavyweight boxer.	David Bostice	Los Angeles
place of birth	Angelo Mattea (21 October 1892 -- 1960) was an Italian football player and manager from Santhià in the Province of Vercelli.	Angelo Mattea	Santhià
place of birth	Mick Kearin (born 1945 in Kildare) is a former Irish football player who mainly played as a wing-half, after starting his career as a forward.	Mick Kearin	Kildare
place of birth	Ahad Israfil (born 1973) is a man from Dayton, Ohio, known for his remarkable recovery from a gunshot injury that destroyed most of one of his cerebral hemispheres.	Ahad Israfil	Dayton
place of birth	Anja Jacobs (born 1974 in Itzehoe) is a German Film director.	Anja Jacobs	Itzehoe
place of birth	Jean-Paul Jeunet was born in Arbois in the department of Jura in a family of hotel owners and restaurateurs.	Jean-Paul Jeunet	Arbois
place of birth	Robert Crittenden was born near Versailles, Kentucky, in the Bluegrass Region, into a political family.	Robert Crittenden	Versailles
place of birth	Walery Sławekwas born on November 2, 1879 into an impoverished szlachta family, in the village of Strutynka near Nemyriv, Podolia, Russian Empire.	Walery Sławek	Nemyriv
place of birth	Brad Fraser (born June 28, 1959, Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian playwright, screenwriter and cultural commentator.	Brad Fraser	Edmonton
place of birth	Ferenc Gyurcsány was born in Pápa, Hungary into an impoverished middle-class family as the only son of Ferenc Gyurcsány, Sr. and Katalin Varga.	Ferenc Gyurcsány	Pápa
place of birth	Imre Kónya (born 3 May 1947 in Budapest) is a Hungarian politician and lawyer, who served as Interior Minister between 1993 and 1994, in the cabinet of Péter Boross.	Imre Kónya	Budapest
place of birth	Charles Reade was born at Ipsden, Oxfordshire, to John Reade and Anne Marie Scott-Waring, and had at least one brother.	Charles Reade	Ipsden
place of birth	Richard Royal Alexander is an attorney and politician in his native Shreveport, Louisiana, who in 2007 was the Republican-endorsed candidate for state attorney general.	Royal Alexander	Shreveport
place of birth	Iain Gale was born in 1959 in central London, to Scottish parents.	Iain Gale	London
place of birth	Børre Næss (born 23 January 1982 in Kongsberg) is a Norwegian cross-country skier who has competed since 2002.	Børre Næss	Kongsberg
place of birth	Brian McAllister (born 30 November 1970 in Glasgow) is a former Scottish footballer who played for Wimbledon and the Scotland national team.	Brian McAllister	Glasgow
place of birth	Valerie Toranian was born in Suresnes, France, to a French mother from Normandy and a Armenian father in 1962.	Valerie Toranian	Suresnes
place of birth	Gyula Nagy (born 7 April 1924 in Szob), also referred to as Jules Nagy, is a former Hungarian footballer and manager.	Gyula Nagy	Szob
place of birth	Sabrina Cakmakli (born November 25, 1994 in Immenstadt im Allgäu) is a German freestyle skier, specializing in halfpipe and slopestyle.	Sabrina Cakmakli	Immenstadt
place of birth	José Daniel Ponce (born 26 June 1962 in Godoy Cruz) is a former Argentine football (soccer) player, who was part of the Estudiantes de La Plata team that won two back-to-back championships in 1982 and 1983.	José Daniel Ponce	Godoy Cruz
place of birth	Nina Zilli was born on 2 February 1980 in Piacenza, Italy, and she grew up in Gossolengo, nine kilometers southwest of Piacenza, from an Emilian father and an Apulian mother.	Nina Zilli	Piacenza
place of birth	Liv Kjersti Bergman (born Liv Kjersti Eikeland; 20 March 1979 in Bergen) is a former Norwegian biathlete.	Liv Kjersti Bergman	Bergen
place of birth	Tivadar Nachéz was born in Budapest, where he studied under Sabathiel, the leader of the orchestra of the Budapest Opera.	Tivadar Nachéz	Budapest
place of birth	David Lawrence Jr. (born March 5, 1942 in New York City, New York) is a nationally known newspaper editor and publisher who retired at the age of 56 and subsequently became a leading national advocate for children, especially in the area of early childhood investment.	David Lawrence Jr.	New York City
place of birth	Paul Greifzu (7 April 1902 -- 10 May 1952) was a German motorsport racer and constructor from Suhl.	Paul Greifzu	Suhl
place of birth	Stanley Logan (12 August 1885 in Earlsfield, Greater London -- 30 March 1953 in New York) was an English actor, screen writer, theatre director and film director.	Stanley Logan	Earlsfield
place of birth	Sid Dickens was born into a fishing family in the small northern community of Prince Rupert, British Columbia.	Sid Dickens	Prince Rupert, British Columbia
place of birth	Sergiu Nicolaescu was born in Târgu Jiu, but grew up in Timişoara, where his family moved when he was 5 years old.	Sergiu Nicolaescu	Târgu Jiu
place of birth	Luan Da (simplified Chinese: 栾大; traditional Chinese: 欒大; pinyin: Luán Dà; Wade--Giles: Luan Ta, died 112 BC;) was a religious figure during the early Han Dynasty from the state of Yue.	Luan Da	Yue
place of birth	Charles Wirgman (31 August 1832 - 8 February 1891) was an English artist and cartoonist, the creator of the Japan Punch and illustrator in China and Meiji period Japan for the Illustrated London News.	Charles Wirgman	London
place of birth	Johann Pscheidt (born 8 August 1901 in Berlin-Neukölln; died unknown) was an Austrian building contractor, who stood up for Jews during the time of the National Socialism.	Johann Pscheidt	Neukölln
place of birth	Zhang Yibai (simplified Chinese: 张一白; traditional Chinese: 張一白) (born 1963, Chongqing, China) is a Chinese film director.	Zhang Yibai	Chongqing
place of birth	Ashraf Saber (born April 2, 1973 in Rome) is an Italian athlete who competes in the 400 metres and 400 metres hurdles.	Ashraf Saber	Rome
place of birth	Derek Worlock was born in London on 4 February 1920, the son of Captain Harford Worlock, a journalist, and his wife, Dora (née Hoblyn), a suffragette (or as she called herself, a ``suffragist'').	Derek Worlock	London
place of birth	Rania Antonopoulos, born Ourania Antonopoulou (Greek: Ουρανία Αντωνοπούλου) on 17 December 1960 in Athens, is a Greek heterodox economist and Syriza politician.	Rania Antonopoulos	Athens
place of birth	Matteo Silva (Ulm, 17 October 1960) is an Italian-German author, music producer and ethnomusicologist.	Matteo Silva	Ulm
place of birth	Antonio Maeso (born 1 January 1979) is a Spanish motorcycling racer who was born in Madrid but moved to live in Almería, Andalusia as a child.	Antonio Maeso	Madrid
place of birth	Michael Huke (born March 30, 1969 in Sondershausen) is a retired German sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres.	Michael Huke	Sondershausen
place of birth	Bahman Sholevar was born in Tehran on February 6, 1941 in a politically conscious family.	Bahman Sholevar	Tehran
place of birth	Siegfried Lenz was born in Lyck, East Prussia (now Ełk, Poland), the son of a customs officer.	Siegfried Lenz	Ełk
place of birth	Tim K (born Timothy John Kvasnosky) is a Los Angeles-based music producer & film composer who was born in Seattle, WA.	Tim K	Seattle
place of birth	Steven Matz was born on May 29, 1991 in Stony Brook, New York, the second child of Ron and Lori Matz.	Steven Matz	Stony Brook
place of birth	Beate Koch (born August 18, 1967 in Jena, Thuringia) is a former German athlete who competed mainly in the women's javelin throw event during her career.	Beate Koch	Jena
place of birth	Raymond Priestley was born in Bredon's Norton,Tewkesbury, Gloucestershire, in 1886, the second son and second of eight children of Joseph Edward Priestley, headmaster of Tewkesbury grammar school, and his wife, Henrietta Rice.	Raymond Priestley	Tewkesbury
place of birth	Mabel Hite was born in Ashland, Kentucky on May 30, 1883, the daughter of Lewis and Elsie Hite.	Mabel Hite	Ashland
place of birth	Muriel Teresa Wright was born on October 27, 1918 in Harlem, New York City, the daughter of Martha (née Espy) and Arthur Wright, an insurance agent.	Teresa Wright	New York City
place of birth	Valerius Harpocration (Greek: Οὐαλέριος or Βαλέριος Ἁρποκρατίων, gen. Ἁρποκρατίωνος) was a Greek grammarian of Alexandria, probably working in the 2nd century AD.	Harpocration	Alexandria
place of birth	William Allen Harbinson (Born 1941 in Northern Ireland), who writes under the name W. A. Harbinson, is a British author.	W. A. Harbinson	Northern Ireland
place of birth	Mercedes Rose (born March 22, 1972), is an American actress who was born in Salem, Oregon.	Mercedes Rose	Salem
place of birth	Therese Svendsen (born March 13, 1989) is a Swedish swimmer from Malmö, representing SK Ran.	Therese Svendsen	Malmö
place of birth	Brian Mascarenhas (born 4 January 1992 in Nuvem, Goa) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Left Winger for Salgaocar in the I-League.	Brian Mascarenhas	Nuvem
place of birth	In New York City, Machito formed the band the Afro-Cubans in 1940, and with Mario Bauzá as musical director, brought together Cuban rhythms and big band arrangements in one group.	Machito	New York City
place of birth	Rhea Harder (born 27 February 1976 in East Berlin) is a German actress, best known for appearances in various German television series.	Rhea Harder	East Berlin
place of birth	Herman Kiefer (19 November 1825 Sulzburg, Grand Duchy of Baden - 11 October 1911) was a physician, politician and diplomat of the United States.	Herman Kiefer	Sulzburg
place of birth	Stéphane Mahé (born 23 September 1968, in Puteaux) is a retired Breton and French professional footballer and former manager of Saint Nazaire FC (now Stade Nazairien).	Stéphane Mahé	Puteaux
place of birth	Inês Thomas Almeida (* 11 June 1976 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a Dominican Republic-born Portuguese lyric singer (Mezzosoprano) and editor of the web-magazine Berlinda.org currently living in Berlin.	Inês Thomas Almeida	Santo Domingo
place of birth	The future Sandu Tudor was born Alexandru Teodorescu in the Romanian capital, Bucharest.	Sandu Tudor	Bucharest
place of birth	Lynsay Sands (born Leamington, Ontario) is an award winning Canadian author of over 30 books.	Lynsay Sands	Leamington
place of birth	Jean-Pierre Jouyet, was born on 13 February 1954 at Montreuil-sous-Bois in the suburbs of Paris, and is a top civil servant who has also held political positions.	Jean-Pierre Jouyet	Montreuil
place of birth	Gervais Martel (born 20 November 1954 in Oignies) is a French businessman and president of French football club RC Lens having served in this role since 24 August 1988.	Gervais Martel	Oignies
place of birth	Jasmine Rosemary Cresswell (born 1941 in Wales) is a best-selling author of over 50 romance novels as Jasmine Cresswell and Jasmine Craig.	Jasmine Cresswell	Wales
place of birth	Richard Wurmbrand, the youngest of four boys, was born in 1909 in Bucharest in a Jewish family.	Richard Wurmbrand	Bucharest
place of birth	Born into a family whose wealth was largely founded on gunpowder production, John Evelyn was born in Wotton, Surrey and grew up in Lewes, Sussex.	John Evelyn	Wotton, Surrey
place of birth	Jupiter Yves Ngangue (in other sources - Yves Jupiter Ngangue; born 14 May 1980 in Yaoundé) is a former Cameroonian football player.	Jupiter Yves Ngangue	Yaoundé
place of birth	Corneille was born at Rouen, France, to Marthe Le Pesant and Pierre Corneille, a distinguished lawyer.	Pierre Corneille	Rouen
place of birth	Josef Polig (born November 9, 1968 in Sterzing) is an Italian former Alpine skier.	Josef Polig	Sterzing
place of birth	Iuri Gabiskiria (Georgian: იური გაბისკირია; born 1 September 1968 in Bakuriani) is a retired Georgian professional footballer.	Iuri Gabiskiria	Bakuriani
place of birth	Born and brought up in New Delhi, Jaideep Sahni known as JD by his friends in the Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College, Bidar was respected by his classmates as an intelligent boy.	Jaideep Sahni	New Delhi
place of birth	Ze'ev Drori (Hebrew: זאב דרורי‎; born in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli-born American technology entrepreneur currently residing in California.	Ze'ev Drori	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Bruce Bowen Jr. was born in Merced, California as son of Bruce Bowen Sr. and Dietra Campbell.	Bruce Bowen	Merced
place of birth	David Lehman (born June 11, 1948 in New York City) is a poet and the series editor for The Best American Poetry series.	David Lehman	New York City
place of birth	Belaïd Lacarne (Arabic: بلعيد لاكارن‎) (born 26 October 1940 in Sidi Bel Abbès) is a retired Algerian football referee.	Belaïd Lacarne	Sidi Bel Abbès
place of birth	John Divola (born 1949, Los Angeles) is a contemporary visual artist.	John Divola	Los Angeles
place of birth	Savannah Outen (born October 14, 1992 in Hillsboro, Oregon) is an American singer who gained popularity on YouTube.	Savannah Outen	Hillsboro
place of birth	Marty Napoleon (June 2, 1921 -- April 27, 2015) was an American jazz pianist born in Brooklyn, New York, perhaps best known for having replaced Earl Hines in Louis Armstrong's All Stars in 1952.	Marty Napoleon	Brooklyn
place of birth	Mario Impemba (born March 18, 1963) is an American sportscaster, currently the TV voice of the Detroit Tigers and the radio and TV voice of the Oakland Golden Grizzlies men's basketball team.	Mario Impemba	Detroit
place of birth	Maitena Burundarena (Buenos Aires, May 1, 1962), better known as Maitena, is an Argentine cartoonist.	Maitena Burundarena	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Matthieu Louis-Jean (born 22 February 1976 in Mont-Saint-Aignan) is a French former footballer, who is currently a scout for Nottingham Forest.	Matthieu Louis-Jean	Mont-Saint-Aignan
place of birth	Frank Scheffer (born 1956 in Venlo) is a Dutch cinematographer and producer of documentary film, mostly known for his work Conducting Mahler (1996) on the 1995 Mahler Festival in Amsterdam with Claudio Abbado, Riccardo Chailly, Riccardo Muti and Simon Rattle.	Frank Scheffer	Venlo
place of birth	Kyle Collins (born 15 November 1988) is an international footballer from Saint Kitts and Nevis who plays professionally in England with Buxton.	Kyle Collins	England
place of birth	Mladen Bašić (1 August 1917, Zagreb - 21 November 2012, Zagreb) was a Yugoslav or Croat pianist and conductor.	Mladen Bašić	Zagreb
place of birth	Yosef Weitz was born in Burmel, Volhynia in the Russian Empire in 1890.	Yosef Weitz	Volhynia
place of birth	Zdravko Borovnica (Serbian Cyrillic: Здpaвкo Бopoвницa ;born 1954 in Nakovo) is a Serbian retired football player.	Zdravko Borovnica	Nakovo
place of birth	Munever Krajišnik (born 5 November 1962 in Dobošnica) is a former Yugoslav football player, from the 1980s.	Munever Krajišnik	Dobošnica
place of birth	Oscar Hammerstein I was born in Stettin (capital of the province of Pomerania), Kingdom of Prussia (now Szczecin, Poland), to German Jewish parents Abraham and Berthe Hammerstein.	Oscar Hammerstein I	Szczecin
place of birth	Selin Sivrikaya was born to Bekir Sivrikaya and his wife Hülya in Akhisar town of Manisa Province on January 1, 1997.	Selin Sivrikaya	Akhisar
place of birth	Makhluto and Andranik disagreed with the treaty because it would nullify Armenian claims to Western Armenia.	Makhluto	Western Armenia
place of birth	Robert Desnos was born in Paris on 4 July 1900, the son of a licensed dealer in game and poultry at the Halles market.	Robert Desnos	Paris
place of birth	Marcie Blane (born Marcia Blank, May 21, 1944 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American singer who recorded pop music.	Marcie Blane	Brooklyn
place of birth	Cydus Yolas (later to be known as Sid Krofft) was born in 1929 in Montreal to Peter, a clock salesman, and his wife Mary.	Sid Krofft	Montreal
place of birth	Nico van der Laan was born in Leiden, son of the architect Leo van der Laan.	Nico van der Laan	Leiden
place of birth	Karnig Sarkissian (Armenian: Գառնիկ Սարգիսեան), is a popular Armenian singer born in Aleppo, Syria, and a naturalized American citizen.	Karnig Sarkissian	Aleppo
place of birth	Seyed Arash Sobhani (Persian: آرش سبحانی‎, born 1971 in Tehran) is an Iranian musician and television host.	Arash Sobhani	Tehran
place of birth	Mark Coulson (born 11 February 1986 in Huntingdon, England) is an English footballer.	Mark Coulson	Huntingdon
place of birth	Hindi Zahra (born 20 January 1979 in Khouribga, Morocco) is a Franco-Moroccan singer and actress.	Hindi Zahra	Khouribga
place of birth	'Semyon Reznik (Russ.Семён Ефимович Резник) (b. 1938 in Moscow) is a Russian writer, journalist, man of letters and historian, noted in particular for his study of the blood libel and the resurgence of Neonazism in Russia.	Semyon Reznik	Moscow
place of birth	Taylor Henrich (born in Calgary on 1 November 1995) is a Canadian ski jumper.	Taylor Henrich	Calgary
place of birth	Ingmar Maayen (born 29 January 1988 in Leiden) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a winger.	Ingmar Maayen	Leiden
place of birth	Bernhardus Albinus, one of the most famous physicians of his time, was born on 7 January 1653 in Dessau, in the principality of Anhalt, where his father, Christoforus Albinus, was the mayor.	Bernhardus Albinus	Dessau
place of birth	James D'Arcy was born in Amersham, Buckinghamshire, on 24 August 1975, and was raised in Fulham, London with his younger sister, Charlotte, by their mother, Caroline (a nurse).	James D'Arcy	Fulham
place of birth	Caroline Pizzala (born 23 November 1987 in Marseille) is a French football player who plays for French club Paris Saint-Germain of the Division 1 Féminine.	Caroline Pizzala	Marseille
place of birth	Harold Bolingbroke Mudie (London, 30 June 1880 -- 6 January 1916) was a British esperantist.	Harold Bolingbroke Mudie	London
place of birth	Simon Bridges was born in October 1976 in Auckland, the youngest of six children.	Simon Bridges	Auckland
place of birth	Sam Massell (born August 26, 1927) is a businessman who served from 1970 to 1974 as the 53rd mayor of Atlanta, Georgia.	Sam Massell	Atlanta
place of birth	Caroline Decker Gladstein was born ``Caroline Decker'' on April 26, 1912 in Macon, Georgia.	Caroline Decker	Macon
place of birth	John Gaden was born in Sydney where his father owned a successful legal practice, Gadens.	John Gaden	Sydney
place of birth	Chuck Hoberman (born 1956 in Cambridge, Massachusetts, US) is an artist, engineer, architect, and inventor of folding toys and structures, most notably the Hoberman sphere.	Chuck Hoberman	Cambridge
place of birth	Vahram Sahakian (sometimes as Vahram Sahakyan, Armenian: Վահրամ Սահակյան, born 22 September 1968, Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian dramatist, film director and actor.	Vahram Sahakian	Yerevan
place of birth	Scott Frandsen (born July 21, 1980 in Kelowna, British Columbia) is a Canadian rower of Swedish and Danish descent.	Scott Frandsen	Kelowna
place of birth	Keith Teare (born 27 August 1954, in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, UK) is a British technology entrepreneur.	Keith Teare	Scarborough
place of birth	Peter Stephanus Blok (born 7 April 1960 in The Hague), known as Peter Blok, is a Dutch stage, television, film, and voice actor.	Peter Blok	The Hague
place of birth	Giandomenico Martoretta (Mileto 1515--1560s?) was an Italian Baroque composer.	Giandomenico Martoretta	Mileto
place of birth	Antonio Alzamendi Casas (born June 7, 1956 in Durazno) was a Uruguayan football player who retired in 1991.	Antonio Alzamendi	Durazno
place of birth	Dijon Isaiah McFarlane (born June 5, 1990), professionally known as DJ Mustard, is an American record producer, songwriter and DJ from Los Angeles, California.	DJ Mustard	Los Angeles
place of birth	Críostóir Ó Floinn (born 1927 in Limerick city) is an Irish writer.	Críostóir Ó Floinn	Limerick
place of birth	Tom Pepper (born August 24, 1975 in Des Moines, Iowa) is a computer programmer best known for his collaboration with Justin Frankel on the invention of the Gnutella peer-to-peer system.	Tom Pepper	Des Moines
place of birth	Muriel Bouakaz (born 3 March 1991 in Zürich) is a Swiss football player who currently plays for Swiss club Zürich Frauen.	Muriel Bouakaz	Zürich
place of birth	Norman Geschwind was born on January 8, 1926 in New York City, New York to a Jewish family.	Norman Geschwind	New York City
place of birth	Margo Jennings was born and raised in the Bronx borough of New York City.	Margo Jennings	New York City
place of birth	Born 15 January 1872 in Southampton, England, George Edmund Butler emigrated to New Zealand with his parents, Joseph Cawte Butler and Jane Tiller, in 1883, settling in Wellington.	George Edmund Butler	Southampton
place of birth	Lachares was a demagogue and tyrant of Athens at the turn from the 4th to the 3rd century BC. Lachares was one of the most influential leaders in his native city, after democracy had been re-established by Demetrius Poliorcetes.	Lachares	Athens
place of birth	Butch Vig was born Bryan David Vig to Dr. DeVerne and Betty Vig, a music teacher, in Viroqua, Wisconsin.	Butch Vig	Viroqua
place of birth	Simon Girty was born to Simon Girty the Elder and Mary Newton near Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.	Simon Girty	Harrisburg
place of birth	In late 2006, his daily podcast Limmy's World of Glasgow received interest from the mainstream British media.	Limmy	Glasgow
place of birth	Bil Zelman was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to Dr. David Zelman, and his wife Adala Zelman who are both professors.	Bil Zelman	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Sarah Ben-David began her undergraduate studies in Sociology and Economics at the Tel Aviv branch of the Hebrew University.	Sarah Ben-David	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Shannon Ogden is a weekday anchor, alongside Jeannie Blaylock and Donna Deegan, on First Coast News at WTLV/WJXX in Jacksonville, Florida.	Shannon Ogden	Jacksonville
place of birth	Cheb Bilal (born Bilal Mouffok) is an Algerian raï singer, who was born on 23 July 1966 in Cherchell, Algeria.	Cheb Bilal	Cherchell
place of birth	Antje Buschschulte (born 27 December 1978 in Berlin) is a former German swimmer.	Antje Buschschulte	Berlin
place of birth	Roman Anton Boos (28 February 1733 (?) in Bischofswang, near Roßhaupten - 19 December 1810, Munich) was a German sculptor.	Roman Anton Boos	Roßhaupten
place of birth	Ken Shakin (born 1959 in New York City) is a writer of underground transgressive fiction.	Ken Shakin	New York City
place of birth	Alena Alekseeva (born March 6, 1989) is a Russian breaststroke swimmer from Novosibirsk.	Alena Alekseeva	Novosibirsk
place of birth	Wayne Shorter was born in Newark, New Jersey, and attended Newark Arts High School, from which he graduated in 1952.	Wayne Shorter	Newark
place of birth	Josef Skružný (March 15, 1871 in Prague -- May 12, 1948) was a Czech writer and journalist.	Josef Skružný	Prague
place of birth	Lam Kwok-wai (born 27 January, 1971) is one of Hong Kong's two known serial killers.	Lam Kwok-wai	Hong Kong
place of birth	Albert R. Jonsen PhD (born April 1931 San Francisco) is a biomedical ethicist and author.	Albert R. Jonsen	San Francisco
place of birth	Nazeer Allie (born 23 May 1985 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African football defender for Premier Soccer League club Bidvest Wits., and the South African national team.	Nazeer Allie	Cape Town
place of birth	Lyle Mays (born November 27, 1953) is an American jazz pianist and composer from Wausaukee, Wisconsin.	Lyle Mays	Wausaukee
place of birth	Michele Moramarco (Reggio Emilia, 6 October 1953) is an Italian author on Masonic ritual and history, a pop musician, and an advocate of Mazdean Christian Universalism.	Michele Moramarco	Reggio Emilia
place of birth	Bob Margolin (born May 9, 1949, Brookline, Massachusetts, United States) is an American electric blues guitarist.	Bob Margolin	Brookline
place of birth	Chen Kaige was born in Beijing, China into a family of Fuzhou Changle origin, and grew up with fellow Fifth Generation alumnus Tian Zhuangzhuang as a childhood friend.	Chen Kaige	Beijing
place of birth	Eloy Mestrelle was born in Paris and by the late 1550s was employed by the French Mint.	Eloy Mestrelle	Paris
place of birth	Ivo Lul Diogo, better known as Ivo Diogo (born in São Borja, Rio Grande do Sul, January 12, 1935 -- d. July 7, 2009 Porto Alegre), was a Brazilian football (soccer) player, who played as a midfielder.	Ivo Diogo	São Borja
place of birth	Giovanni Faloci (Umbertide, 13 October 1985) is an Italian discus thrower.	Giovanni Faloci	Umbertide
place of birth	Mohamed Mintu Sheikh (born 1990 in Dhaka) is a Bangladeshi footballer who last playing for East Bengal F.C. in I-League, and for the Bangladesh national team.	Mohamed Mintu Sheikh	Dhaka
place of birth	Born in Buffalo, New York, Harvey Swados was the son of Aaron Meyer Swados, a physician, and Rebecca (Bluestone) Swados, a musician and artist whose father was a pioneer Zionist.	Harvey Swados	Buffalo
place of birth	Eber Bunker (1761--1836) was a sea captain and pastoralist, born on 7 March 1761 at Plymouth, Massachusetts.	Eber Bunker	Plymouth
place of birth	Shelby Brewer was born and raised in Little Rock, Arkansas, and attended public school there.	Shelby Brewer	Little Rock
place of birth	Glenn Sarty (9 September 1930, Halifax, Nova Scotia -- February 6, 2007, Cape Cod, Massachusetts) was a Canadian television producer who was involved in such shows as Take Thirty, The Fifth Estate and Adrienne at Large.	Glenn Sarty	Halifax
place of birth	John Gope-Fenepej (born 6 November 1978 in Nouméa, New Caledonia) is a New Caledonian former professional footballer, mainly playing in defence.	John Gope-Fenepej	Nouméa
place of birth	Luigi Gubitosi (Naples, 22 May 1961) is an Italian business man and he has been the CEO of Rai since 17 July 2013 to 6 August 2015.	Luigi Gubitosi	Naples
place of birth	Giuseppe Bellocco (Rosarno, February 22, 1948) is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta.	Giuseppe Bellocco	Rosarno
place of birth	Dominique Cornu (born 10 October 1985 in Beveren) is a Belgian road and track cyclist from Flanders, currently riding for UCI Continental team Sunweb-Napoleon Games.	Dominique Cornu	Beveren
place of birth	Ramya Krishnan (born 15 September 1967 in Chennai) is an Indian film actress.	Ramya Krishnan	Chennai
place of birth	Andrey Khachaturyan (Belarusian: Андрэй Уладзіміравіч Хачатуран; Armenian: Անդրեյ Խաչատուրյան; born on 2 September 1987 in Minsk, Soviet Union) is a Belarusian football midfielder of Armenian origin, who is currently playing for Belshina Bobruisk.	Andrey Khachaturyan	Minsk
place of birth	Léon Delagrange was born in Orléans in central France, the son of a textile factory owner.	Léon Delagrange	Orléans
place of birth	Samuel Powel (1738--September 29, 1793) was a colonial and post-colonial mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Samuel Powel	Philadelphia
place of birth	José Antonio Estudillo was born in 1805 in Monterey, Alta California to Captain José María Estudillo, who was born in Andalusia, Spain.	José Antonio Estudillo	Monterey
place of birth	Minas Antoniou (Greek: Μηνάς Αντωνίου, born 22 February 1994) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for Aris Limassol as a winger.	Minas Antoniou	Limassol
place of birth	Juan Manuel Cano Ceres (born 12 December 1987 in San Miguel de Tucumán) is an Argentine racewalker.	Juan Manuel Cano	San Miguel de Tucumán
place of birth	Jody Vance (born August 23, 1967 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian sports anchor and co-host of Breakfast Television on CKVU-DT in Vancouver.	Jody Vance	Vancouver
place of birth	Mehmet Konica (1881 -- 1948), also known as Mehmet Konitsa, was an Albanian politician.	Mehmet Konica	Konitsa
place of birth	Norm Berketa (born 23 August 1963 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian character actor and voice actor based in Ottawa.	Norm Berketa	Toronto
place of birth	Étienne Delessert (born 4 January 1941 in Lausanne) is a self-taught Swiss graphic artist and illustrator.	Étienne Delessert	Lausanne
place of birth	Stefan Lippe (born October 11, 1955 in Mannheim), is a German insurance manager.	Stefan Lippe	Mannheim
place of birth	Tomáš Vosolsobě (March 7, 1937, Prague-Střešovice - Velvary January 10, 2011) was a Czech painter, philatelist and occasional photographer.	Tomáš Vosolsobě	Prague
place of birth	Some evidence supports Wyatt Earp's birthplace as 406 South 3rd Street in Monmouth, Illinois, though the street address is disputed by Monmouth College professor and historian William Urban.	Wyatt Earp	Monmouth
place of birth	Rob Partridge (born 11 September 1985) is a Welsh professional cyclist from Wrexham, Wales.	Rob Partridge	Wrexham
place of birth	Antônio Meneses Neto (born in Recife, 1957) is a Brazilian cellist.	Antônio Meneses	Recife
place of birth	Charles Vilain XIIII was born in Brussels in 1803 as the eldest son of Count Philippe-Louis Vilain XIIII, mayor of Rupelmonde, and Baroness Sophie de Felz.	Charles Vilain XIIII	Brussels
place of birth	Bjarne Røyland (born 26 January 1971) is a Norwegian bobsledder, born in Mandal.	Bjarne Røyland	Mandal
place of birth	Sabine Baring-Gould was born in the parish of St Sidwell, Exeter on 28 January 1834.	Sabine Baring-Gould	Exeter
place of birth	Romauld Bouadji (born 10 January 1983 in Lyon), is a French footballer probably most non-for his time with Scottish first division side Clyde.	Romauld Bouadji	Lyon
place of birth	Publius Herennius Dexippus (Greek: Δέξιππος, ca. 210--273), Greek historian, statesman and general, was an hereditary priest of the Eleusinian family of the Kerykes, and held the offices of archon basileus and eponymous in Athens.	Dexippus	Athens
place of birth	David Boner (born 12 October 1941 in South Queensferry) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a right winger.	David Boner	South Queensferry
place of birth	Kulvinder Ghir (born 10 August 1965 in Nairobi, Nairobi County, Kenya) is a Kenyan-born British actor, comedian and writer.	Kulvinder Ghir	Nairobi
place of birth	Phil Shoenfelt (born 18 December 1952 in Bradford, Great Britain) is an English musician and author who lived for many years in New York and who now lives in Prague, Czech Republic.	Phil Shoenfelt	Bradford
place of birth	Scott Benzel (born 1968 in Scottsdale, Arizona, lives and works in Los Angeles), is an American visual artist, composer, and producer.	Scott Benzel	Scottsdale
place of birth	Azio Corghi (born 9 March 1937 in Cirié, Piedmont) is an Italian opera composer, also a teacher and musicologist.	Azio Corghi	Cirié
place of birth	Thomas Bernhard was born in 1931 in Heerlen, Netherlands, where, at the time, his mother worked as a maid.	Thomas Bernhard	Heerlen
place of birth	Ali Saleh Kahlah al-Marri (Arabic: علي صالح كحلة المري ) (b. 1966/1967) is a citizen of Qatar who was sentenced to serve a 15-year sentence in a United States federal prison, with credit for the nearly eight years he was held in detention without charges.	Ali Saleh Kahlah al-Marri	Qatar
place of death	Hugo Bruckmann (13 October 1863, Munich -- 3 September 1941, Munich) was a German publisher.	Hugo Bruckmann	Munich
place of death	Anvar Mammadkhanli studied at technical college in Baku.	Anvar Mammadkhanli	Baku
place of death	John Ross Browne (February 11, 1821 in Beggars Bush (Dublin), Ireland -- December 9, 1875 in Oakland, California), often called J. Ross Browne, date of birth sometimes given as 1817, was an Irish-born American traveler, artist, writer and government agent.	John Ross Browne	Oakland
place of death	Nicholas, Count of Salm (Vielsalm, Belgium 1459 -- Salmhof, Marchegg, Lower Austria, May 4, 1530) was a German soldier and an Imperial senior military commander (German: Feldherr).	Nicholas, Count of Salm	Marchegg
place of death	On January 20, 1993, Joseph Anthony died at the age of 80 in a nursing home in Hyannis, Massachusetts.	Joseph Anthony	Hyannis
place of death	Charles Meynier (1763 or 1768, Paris - 1832, Paris) was a French painter of historical subjects in the late 18th and early 19th century.	Charles Meynier	Paris
place of death	Sigfried Giedion (14 April 1888 in Prague -- 10 April 1968 in Zürich) (sometimes misspelled Siegfried Giedion) was a Bohemian-born Swiss historian and critic of architecture.	Sigfried Giedion	Zürich
place of death	Adrienne Du Vivier (1626 -- 20 October 1706) was a French pioneer and one of the first white women to settle in the colony of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Adrienne Du Vivier	Montreal
place of death	The second son of William Ellery, Sr. and Elizabeth Almy (she a descendant of Thomas Cornell), William Ellery was born in Newport on December 2, 1727.	William Ellery	Newport
place of death	Farkas Kovacsóczy was strangled to death in the prison of Szamosújvár (today: Gherla, Romania) on 11 September 1594.	Farkas Kovacsóczy	Gherla
place of death	Hippolyte Bernheim (Mulhouse, 17 April 1840 -- Paris, 2 February 1919) was a French physician and neurologist, born at Mülhausen, Alsace.	Hippolyte Bernheim	Paris
place of death	Nicolaes Olycan (16 May 1599 -- 2 April 1639) was a Netherlands brewer of Haarlem.	Nicolaes Olycan	Haarlem
place of death	Johann Sylvan (died 23 December 1572 in Heidelberg) was a Reformed German theologian who was executed for his heretical Antitrinitarian beliefs.	Johann Sylvan	Heidelberg
place of death	Godfried or Godfrey van Rhenen (died on May 27, 1178) was a bishop of Utrecht from 1156 to 1178.	Godfrey van Rhenen	Utrecht
place of death	Geheimrat Julius Wilhelm Theodor Curtius (27 May 1857 -- 8 February 1928) was professor of Chemistry at Heidelberg University and elsewhere.	Theodor Curtius	Heidelberg
place of death	Together with his brother Armand, they founded the famous Bankhaus Armand & Michel Heine in 1883, with Rothschild-Frères & Co. in Paris and New Orleans.	Michel Heine	Paris
place of death	Goossen or Goswin van der Weyden (1455--1543), was a Flemish Renaissance painter active in Antwerp.	Goswin van der Weyden	Antwerp
place of death	Roger Richebé (3 December 1897, Marseille - 10 July 1989 in Ville-d'Avray), born Roger Gustave Richebé, was a French film director, screenwriter, and producer.	Roger Richebé	Ville-d'Avray
place of death	Mother Mary Raphael Slattery, S.P., (January 17, 1863 - September 9, 1940) was the Superior General of the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods, Indiana, from 1926-1938.	Mary Raphael Slattery	Saint Mary-of-the-Woods
place of death	Maurice Le Scouëzec, was born in Mans on 1 October 1881 and died at Douarnenez on the 1 May 1940.	Maurice Le Scouëzec	Douarnenez
place of death	Annibale I Bentivoglio (August 1415 -- July 25, 1445) was a famous member of the Bolognese Bentivoglio family and the absolute ruler of the Italian city of Bologna from 1443 until his death.	Annibale I Bentivoglio	Bologna
place of death	Hal Riddle (December, 11 1917, Fulton, Kentucky, USA -- June 17, 2009, Woodland Hills, California) was a Broadway, movie and television actor.	Hal Riddle	Woodland Hills
place of death	Artur Adson (3 February (O.S. 22 January) 1889 in Tartu -- 5 January 1977 in Stockholm) was an Estonian poet, writer and theatre critic.	Artur Adson	Stockholm
place of death	Jacek Stryjenski was a Swiss painter and decorator (born 1922 in Kraków, died 1961 in Geneva).	Jacek Stryjenski	Geneva
place of death	Jean Vallière (died 8 August 1523 Paris) was an Augustinian monk burned at the stake for heresy in 1523 for supporting the teachings of Martin Luther.	Jean Vallière	Paris
place of death	Jean Jacques Nicolas Huot (February 12, 1790, Paris -- May 19, 1845, Versailles) was a French geographer, geologist and naturalist.	Jean Jacques Nicolas Huot	Versailles
place of death	Rudolf Swoboda the younger (1859--1914) was a 19th-century Austrian painter, born in Vienna.	Rudolf Swoboda	Vienna
place of death	He was the eldest son of a blacksmith, also named Thomas Tompion, and probably worked as a blacksmith until 1664 when he became an apprentice of a London clockmaker.	Thomas Tompion	London
place of death	Bidzina Kvernadze (Georgian: ბიძინა კვერნაძე), (29 July 1928, Sighnaghi, Georgia, -- 8 July 2010, Tbilisi), was a famous Georgian composer.	Bidzina Kvernadze	Tbilisi
place of death	Hermione Hammond (11 August 1910 -- 29 July 2005) was an English painter who is most famous for her paintings of London damaged by the Blitz during World War II. Born in Hexham, Northumberland, to an artist mother and an invalid father, Hermione Hammond had one brother and one sister.	Hermione Hammond	London
place of death	Alan Leo, born William Frederick Allan, (Westminster, 7 August 1860 -- Bude, 30 August 1917), was a prominent British astrologer, author, publisher and theosophist.	Alan Leo	Bude
place of death	Rupert Ignaz Mayr (Schärding, 1646 - Freising, 7 February 1712) was a German violinist, composer and Kapellmeister in Munich at the court of Maximilian II Emanuel, Elector of Bavaria.	Rupert Ignaz Mayr	Freising
place of death	Abraham Staphorst, or Staphortius (ca. 1638, Edam -- 1696, Dordrecht), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Abraham Staphorst	Dordrecht
place of death	Artemius (d. in Antioch, 362), known as Challita in the Maronite tradition, was a general of the Roman Empire, dux Aegypti (imperial prefect of Roman Egypt).	Artemius	Antioch
place of death	Louis Christian Hess, artistic name of Alois Anton Hess, known also as Christian Hess (Bozen, December 24, 1895 -- Schwaz, November 26, 1944) was an Austrian painter and sculptor of the German Neue Sachlichkeit (New objectivity) during the 1920s.	Louis Christian Hess	Schwaz
place of death	Théodore Clovis Edmond Lemartin, known as Léon Lemartin (20 October 1883 Dunes, Tarn-et-Garonne -- 18 June 1911, Vincennes) was a pioneer aviator who set a world record on 3 February 1911 at Pau, France when he carried seven passengers in a Blériot XIII Aerobus.	Léon Lemartin	Vincennes
place of death	Johann Friedrich Vieweg (11 March 1761, Halle an der Saale - 25 December 1835, Braunschweig) was a German publisher and the founder of Vieweg Verlag.	Friedrich Vieweg	Braunschweig
place of death	Blanche Deschamps-Jéhin (also Marie Blanche Deschamps-Jehin) (18 September 1857, Lyons- June 1923, Paris) was a French operatic contralto who had a prolific career in France from 1879-1905.	Blanche Deschamps-Jéhin	Paris
place of death	Bedřich Pokorný (6 March 1904 Brno -- 25 March 1968 Brno) was a Czechoslovak secret service officer.	Bedřich Pokorný	Brno
place of death	Bodo Uhse (12 March 1904 in Rastatt, Grand Duchy of Baden - 2 July 1963 in Berlin) was a German writer, journalist and political activist.	Bodo Uhse	Berlin
place of death	Alois Hundhammer (25 February 1900, Moos - August 1974, Munich) was one of the most prominent politicians in Bavaria following World War II	Alois Hundhammer	Munich
place of death	Carla Boni (17 July 1925 in Ferrara, Italy -- 17 October 2009 in Rome, Italy), was an Italian singer.	Carla Boni	Rome
place of death	Frederick Hollyer died 21 November 1933 at his eldest son's home in Blewbury (then part of Berkshire), aged 95.	Frederick Hollyer	Blewbury
place of death	Francesco Porcia or Francesco Apollodoro (Porcia in the Friuli, 1531 - Padua, 1612) was an Italian painter, chiefly of portraits in Padua.	Francesco Porcia	Padua
place of death	Martijn William Zimri Teerlinck (31 March 1987 -- 10 December 2013), known as Cole Williams, or The Child of Lov, was a musician born in Belgium, but raised in Amsterdam and Alkmaar, The Netherlands.	The Child of Lov	Amsterdam
place of death	Karl Kling (16 September 1910, Gießen -- 18 March 2003, Gaienhofen on Lake Constance, Germany) was a motor racing driver and manager from Germany.	Karl Kling	Gaienhofen
place of death	Walter Reed Army Medical Center Firefighters Washington D.C. IAFF F151 Reed appears in sculpture on the great stone chancel screen at Riverside Church, NYC.	Walter Reed	Washington D.C.
place of death	Adam Václav Michna z Otradovic -- literally Adam Václav Michna of Otradovice -- (ca. 1600 Jindřichův Hradec -- 1676, Jindřichův Hradec) was a Czech Catholic poet, composer, hymn writer, organist and choir leader of the early Baroque era.	Adam Václav Michna z Otradovic	Jindřichův Hradec
place of death	Dragan Čedić (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Чедић) (August 18, 1970, Leskovac, Serbia, former Yugoslavia -- July, 2002) was a Serbian mass murderer.	Dragan Čedić	Leskovac
place of death	Onelio Jorge Cardoso (May 14, 1914 in Calabazar de Sagua, Encrucijada, Cuba -- May 29, 1986 in Havana, Cuba) was a Cuban editor, screenwriter, short fiction writer and party functionary.	Onelio Jorge Cardoso	Havana
place of death	János Tornyai (January 18, 1869 -- September 20, 1936) was a renowned Hungarian painter born in Hódmezővásárhely.	János Tornyai	Hódmezővásárhely
place of death	Karl Zittel (21 June 1802, Schmieheim -- 28 August 1871, Karlsruhe) was a German theologian, who was a prominent figure in 19th century Liberal Protestantism.	Karl Zittel	Karlsruhe
place of death	The Paxmal is a peace monument built by Karl Bickel between 1924 and 1949, in Walenstadtberg above Walenstadt, in Switzerland.	Paxmal	Walenstadt
place of death	Christian Heinrich von Nagel (28 February 1803 in Stuttgart, Germany -- 27 October 1882 in Ulm, Germany) was a German geometer.	Christian Heinrich von Nagel	Ulm
place of death	Fritz Mahler (July 16, 1901, Vienna, Austria -- June 18, 1973, Winston-Salem, North Carolina) was an Austrian conductor.	Fritz Mahler	Winston-Salem
place of death	Friedrich Wilhelm Gustav Bruhn (born November 11, 1853 in Lübeck; died 1927 in Berlin) was a German inventor.	Friedrich Wilhelm Gustav Bruhn	Berlin
place of death	Árpád Basch (April 16, 1873, Budapest - 1944, Budapest) was a Hungarian painter and graphic artist.	Árpád Basch	Budapest
place of death	Joža Uprka (26 October 1861, Kněždub - 12 January 1940, Hroznová Lhota) was a Czech painter and graphic artist, whose work combines elements of Romanticism and Art Nouveau to document the folklife of Southern Moravia.	Joža Uprka	Hroznová Lhota
place of death	Eugeniusz Zak (15 December 1884 Mogilno, near Minsk -- 15 January 1926 Paris), also known as Eugène Zak and Eugene Zak, was a Polish artist.	Eugeniusz Zak	Paris
place of death	Hans Momsen (born 23 October 1735, Fahretoft -- 13 September 1811, ibidem) was a North Frisian farmer, mathematician and astronomer.	Hans Momsen	Fahretoft
place of death	Joseph-Louis-Adolphe Paquet was born on August 4, 1859 to a farmer couple, Adolphe Pâquet and Éléonore Demers, on the family domain in Saint-Nicolas, on the southern shore of the Saint Lawrence River opposite Quebec City.	Louis-Adolphe Paquet	Quebec City
place of death	Jacob van Hulsdonck or Jan van Hulsdonck (1582, Antwerp -- 1647, Antwerp), was a Flemish painter who played a role in the early development of the genre of still lifes of fruit, banquets and flowers.	Jacob van Hulsdonck	Antwerp
place of death	Tahir Elçi (1966 -- November 28, 2015) was a Kurdish lawyer and the chairman of Diyarbakır Bar Association.	Tahir Elçi	Diyarbakır
place of death	In 1999 Gennadiy Seleznyov also ran for governor of the Moscow Region.	Gennadiy Seleznyov	Moscow
place of death	Bernhard Joachim Hagen (April 1720 in or near Hamburg (?) -- December 9, 1787 in Ansbach) was a German composer, lutenist and violinist.	Bernhard Joachim Hagen	Ansbach
place of death	Wilhelm Riphahn (also Wilhelm Riphan; born July 25, 1889 in Cologne -- December 27, 1963 in Cologne) was a German architect.	Wilhelm Riphahn	Cologne
place of death	Adolf von Brudermann (June 2, 1854 in Vienna - October 1945 in Vienna) was a general of the Austro-Hungarian Army.	Adolf von Brudermann	Vienna
place of death	Elzéar Auguste Cousin de Dommartin (26 May 1768, Dommartin-le-Franc -- 9 August 1799, Rosetta) became a French general during the French Revolutionary Wars, fought in Italy under Napoleon Bonaparte, and commanded the artillery division of the Armée d'Orient during the French invasion of Egypt in 1798.	Elzéar Auguste Cousin de Dommartin	Rosetta
place of death	Arturo Rivera y Damas (September 30, 1923 -- November 26, 1994) was the ninth Bishop and fifth Archbishop of San Salvador, El Salvador.	Arturo Rivera y Damas	San Salvador
place of death	Enrico Cecchetti (Italian pronunciation: (enˈriko tʃekˈketti); 21 June 1850 in Rome -- 13 November 1928 in Milan) was an Italian ballet dancer, mime, and founder of the Cecchetti method.	Enrico Cecchetti	Milan
place of death	Friedrich Kaiser (3 April 1814, Biberach - 6 November 1874, Vienna) was an Austrian playwright.	Friedrich Kaiser	Vienna
place of death	Eugène Edine Pottier (French: (pɔtje); 4 October 1816, in Paris -- 6 November 1887, in Paris) was a French revolutionary socialist, poet, freemason and transport worker.	Eugène Edine Pottier	Paris
place of death	Eugen Cicero (27 June 1940, Cluj, Romania -- 5 December 1997, Zürich, Switzerland), nicknamed ``Mister Golden Hands'', was a Romanian-German jazz pianist who performed in the mixed classical-swing style.	Eugen Cicero	Zürich
place of death	Dr Professor Fritz Nallinger (born Esslingen am Neckar 6 August 1898, died Stuttgart 4 June 1984) was a German automobile engineer and executive.	Fritz Nallinger	Stuttgart
place of death	J. D. Tippit (September 18, 1924 -- November 22, 1963) was an American police officer who was an 11-year veteran with the Dallas Police Department.	J. D. Tippit	Dallas
place of death	Cy Endfield died in 1995 in Shipston-on-Stour, Warwickshire, England, age 80.	Cy Endfield	England
place of death	Franz Maria Feldhaus (Neuss, 26 April 1874 - Wilhelmshaven, 22 May 1957) was a German engineer and historians of science and scientific writer.	Franz Maria Feldhaus	Wilhelmshaven
place of death	Ammi-Saduqa (or Ammisaduqa, Ammizaduga) was a king (ca. 1646-1626 BC according to the Middle Chronology dating, and ca.1582-1562 according to the Short Chronology) of the First Dynasty of Babylon.	Ammi-Saduqa	Babylon
place of death	Hans Daumiller died on 12 January 1942 in Roslavl, Russia after an accidental shooting.	Hans Daumiller	Roslavl
place of death	Lang Hancock was born in Perth, Western Australia, to one of that state's oldest land-owning families.	Lang Hancock	Perth
place of death	Leopold Gottlieb (born in 1883 in Drohobycz then in the Austrian sector of the Partitioned Poland, now Lviv region, Ukraine -- died in Paris in 1934) was a Polish-Jewish modernist painter.	Leopold Gottlieb	Paris
place of death	Hans Kauffmann (March 30, 1896 in Kiel - March 15, 1983 in Bonn) was a German art historian.	Hans Kauffmann	Bonn
place of death	Franz Eichhorst (born 7 September 1885 in Berlin, died 30 April 1948, Innsbruck) was a German painter, engraver and illustrator, one of a number of German artists known for his war paintings supporting the Nazi regime.	Franz Eichhorst	Innsbruck
place of death	Carl Aeschbacher (31 March 1886 in Bümpliz, Bern -- 29 January 1944 in Zürich), sometimes also spelled ``Äschbacher'', was a Swiss choir leader and composer.	Carl Aeschbacher	Zürich
place of death	Leone Emanuele Bardare (born Naples, 1820 -- died there after 1874) was an Italian poet.	Leone Emanuele Bardare	Naples
place of death	Juan de Torrezar Díaz Pimienta (sometimes Juan de Torrezal Díaz Pimienta) (died June 11, 1782 in Bogotá) was a Spanish military officer and colonial official.	Juan de Torrezar Díaz Pimienta	Bogotá
place of death	Pierre-Antoine Quillard, (c.1700, Paris - 25 November 1733, Lisbon) was a French portrait painter and engraver who worked in Portugal.	Pierre-Antoine Quillard	Lisbon
place of death	Juan José de Aycinena y Piñol (Guatemala City, August 29th of 1792 - ibidem, February 17th of 1865 ) was an ecclesiastical and intellectual conservative in Central America.	Juan José de Aycinena y Piñol	Guatemala City
place of death	Adolf Warski, born Jerzy Adolf Warszawski (April 20, 1868, Warsaw -- August 21, 1937, Moscow), was a Jewish leader and theoretician of the communist movement in Poland.	Adolf Warski	Moscow
place of death	Sharp then encouraged Gordon Matta-Clark to move to New York City where Sharp continued to introduce him to members of the New York art world.	Gordon Matta-Clark	New York
place of death	Michel Meslin (29 September 1926, Paris -- 12 April 2010, Paris) was an emeritus professor and former president of the Université de Paris-Sorbonne (Paris IV).	Michel Meslin	Paris
place of death	James Jefferson Britt (March 4, 1861 in Unicoi County, near Johnson City, Tenn. - December 26, 1939 in Asheville, North Carolina) was a United States Representative in Congress from North Carolina.	James Jefferson Britt	Asheville
place of death	Karl Julius Schröer (January 11, 1825 in Bratislava (German: Pressburg/Preßburg), then part of the Austrian Empire -- December 16, 1900 in Vienna) was an Austrian linguist and literary critic.	Karl Julius Schröer	Vienna
place of death	Botho von Frantzius was killed on 10 December 1942 near Nevel, during the Battle for Velikiye Luki.	Botho von Frantzius	Nevel
place of death	Louis Paul Boon (15 March 1912, in Aalst -- 10 May 1979, in Erembodegem) was a Flemish novelist and competes with Hugo Claus (1929-2008) only for the title of most important twentieth-century Flemish writer in the Dutch language.	Louis Paul Boon	Erembodegem
place of death	Luis Díez del Corral y Pedruzo (Logroño, 5 July 1911 -- Madrid, 7 April 1998) was a Spanish jurist, writer and political scientist.	Luis Díez del Corral	Madrid
place of death	Kathleen Maguire (September 27, 1925, New York City, New York -- August 9, 1989, The Bronx, New York) was an American actress who won an Obie Award in 1958 for her performance in the stage play, The Time of the Cuckoo.	Kathleen Maguire	New York City
place of death	Jan Šrámek (November 8, 1870, Grygov, Margraviate of Moravia - April 22, 1956, Prague) was Prime Minister of the Czechoslovak government-in-exile from July 21, 1940 to April 5, 1945.	Jan Šrámek	Prague
place of death	Ursula Fleming (1930 in Liverpool -- 1992 in London) was an English psychotherapist, Lay Dominican and author; she was considered an expert in her field of work.	Ursula Fleming	London
place of death	August Pitzl (December 17, 1920 in Vienna, Austria -- January 25, 2000 in Vienna, Austria) was an Austrian basketball player and administrator.	August Pitzl	Vienna
place of death	Norma Redpath studied from 1942 to 1948 (with a long break due to illness) painting at the Swinburne Technical College and from 1949 to 1951 sculpture at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, both in Melbourne.	Norma Redpath	Melbourne
place of death	Lo Spagna married Santina Martorelli from one of Spoleto's leading families and here he was nominated Capitano delle Arti dei Pittori e degli Orefici in 1517.	Lo Spagna	Spoleto
place of death	Jacques Scandelari (July 5, 1943 in Dinard, France -- June 2, 1999 in Paris, France) was a French film director, screenwriter and producer.	Jacques Scandelari	Paris
place of death	Adolf Kamphausen (10 September 1829 -- 13 September 1909, Bonn) was a German Protestant theologian.	Adolf Kamphausen	Bonn
place of death	Laika, a stray dog from the streets of Moscow, was selected to be the occupant of the Soviet spacecraft Sputnik 2 that was launched into outer space on November 3, 1957.	Laika	Sputnik 2
place of death	Józef Cempla (1918--2004) was a Polish artist, painter, drawer, professor of School of Fine Arts, Kraków, born in Bielsko-Biała (Poland).	Józef Cempla	Kraków
place of death	Johann Christian Cuno (3 April 1708 in Berlin -- 1783 in Durlach) was a German poet, writer, botanist and merchant, and was the son of a postal official in Berlin.	Johann Christian Cuno	Durlach
place of death	Karl Julius Perleb (20 June 1794, Konstanz -- 8 June 1845, Freiburg im Breisgau) (also known as Carl Julius Perleb) was a German botanist and natural scientist.	Karl Julius Perleb	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of death	Rosario Messina, (Aci Castello, December 1942 -- Meda, March 9, 2011), was an Italian entrepreneur, who in 1978 founded the Italian company Flou, an avant-garde furniture manufacturer.	Rosario Messina	Meda
place of death	Murdock MacQuarrie (25 August 1878, in San Francisco, California -- 22 August 1942, in Los Angeles, California) was an American silent film actor.	Murdock MacQuarrie	Los Angeles
place of death	Seargent Smith Prentiss (30 September 1808 in Portland, Maine -- 1 July 1850 in Natchez, Mississippi) was the representative for Mississippi in the Twenty-fifth United States Congress serving from 1838 to 1839.	Seargent Smith Prentiss	Natchez
place of death	Metropolitan Jovan Pavlović (Serbo-Croatian: Mitropolit Jovan Pavlović, Serbian Cyrillic: Митрополит Јован Павловић; 22 October 1936 -- 3 April 2014) was Metropolitan of Metropolitanate of Zagreb and Ljubljana of the Serbian Orthodox Church and one of the most prominent individuals in Serbian community in Croatia during his lifetime.	Jovan Pavlović	Zagreb
place of death	Charles-Étienne Jordan (Berlin, 1700-1745) was a Prussian-born Huguenot refugee, advisor to Frederick the Great and French-language author on literature and history.	Charles-Étienne Jordan	Berlin
place of death	Jeanne Thérèse du Han de Martigny (30 October 1707 in Lunéville -- 7 May 1748 in Nancy) was born and baptized the same day in Lunéville, in the duchy of Lorraine, now part of France.	Jeanne Thérèse du Han	Nancy
place of death	Zsófia Bosnyák (Slovak: Žofia Bosniakova, Nagysurány (Šurany), June 2, 1609 -- Sztrecsnó (Strečno), April 28, 1644) was a Hungarian noble and wife of Count Ferenc Wesselényi.	Zsófia Bosnyák	Strečno
place of death	Hermann Hirt (19 December 1865 in Magdeburg -- 12 September 1936 in Gießen) was German philologist and Indo-Europeanist.	Hermann Hirt	Gießen
place of death	Joseph Marie Élisabeth Durocher (31 May 1817, Rennes - 3 December 1860, Rennes) was a French geologist.	Joseph Marie Élisabeth Durocher	Rennes
place of death	Karl Gerhardt (born Boston, Massachusetts, 7 January 1853; died Shreveport, Louisiana 7 May 1940) was a United States sculptor.	Karl Gerhardt	Shreveport
place of death	Dr François Carlo Antommarchi (born 5 July 1780 in Morsiglia, Corsica -- d. 1838 in Santiago de Cuba, Cuba) was Napoleon's physician from 1818 to his death in 1821.	François Carlo Antommarchi	Santiago de Cuba
place of death	Portraits et souvenirs (1897: on Victor Hugo, Fustel de Coulanges, Victor Duruy, etc.) Gabriel Monod died in 1912 in Versailles and is buried there in the Cimetière des Gonards.	Gabriel Monod	Versailles
place of death	Mario Alicata (8 May 1918, Reggio Calabria - 6 December 1966, Rome) was an Italian Partisan, literary critic and politician.	Mario Alicata	Rome
place of death	Jerôme Duquesnoy (II) or Hieronymus Duquesnoy (II) or the Younger (baptized 8 May 1602, Brussels - 28 September 1654, Ghent) was a Flemish architect and sculptor who was particularly accomplished in portraits.	Jerôme Duquesnoy (II)	Ghent
place of death	Josef Madersperger (* October 6, 1768 in Kufstein; † October 2, 1850 in Vienna) was a tailor.	Josef Madersperger	Vienna
place of death	Buck Jones was one of the 492 victims of the 1942 Cocoanut Grove fire in Boston, Massachusetts.	Buck Jones	Boston
place of death	Kurt Heinrich Wolff (May 20, 1912 in Darmstadt -- September 14, 2003 in Newton, Massachusetts), was an American sociologist.	Kurt Heinrich Wolff	Newton
place of death	Jacques Ozanam (16 June 1640, in Sainte-Olive, Ain -- 3 April 1718, in Paris) was a French mathematician.	Jacques Ozanam	Paris
place of death	Abraham van Calraet, or Kalraat (7--12 October 1642, Dordrecht -- 11 June 1722, Amsterdam) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and engraver.	Abraham van Calraet	Dordrecht
place of death	Diane Adélaïde de Mailly, duchesse de Lauraguais (11 February 1713 -- Paris, November 3, 1769) was the third of the five famous de Nesle sisters, four of whom would become the mistress of King Louis XV of France.	Diane Adélaïde de Mailly	Paris
place of death	Helena Grossówna (1904, Thorn, German Empire--1994, Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish actress and dancer.	Helena Grossówna	Warsaw
place of death	Lubor Niederle (September 20, 1865, Klatovy -- June 14, 1944, Prague) was a Czech archeologist, anthropologist and ethnographer.	Lubor Niederle	Prague
place of death	Marian Thayer was the wife of John Borland Thayer, Vice President of the Pennsylvania Railroad.	Marian Thayer	Pennsylvania
place of death	Rudolf Dölling (4 November 1902, in Roßbach -- 3 August 1975, in Berlin) was a politician in Czechoslovakia and in East Germany.	Rudolf Dölling	Berlin
place of death	Henrik Heintz Hungarian, (1896, Budapest - 1955, Szakcs) was a Hungarian painter.	Henrik Heintz	Szakcs
place of death	Karl Gruber (May 3, 1909 in Innsbruck -- February 1, 1995 in Innsbruck) was an Austrian politician and diplomat.	Karl Gruber	Innsbruck
place of death	Gardner Read (January 2, 1913 in Evanston, Illinois -- November 10, 2005 in Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts) was an American composer and musical scholar.	Gardner Read	Massachusetts
place of death	Francis Holman lived in at least five addresses in Wapping on the Thames in London.	Francis Holman	Wapping
place of death	Luciano Anceschi (Italian pronunciation: (luˈtʃano anˈtʃeski); February 20, 1911 in Milan -- May 2, 1995 in Bologna) was an Italian literary critic and essayist.	Luciano Anceschi	Bologna
place of death	Matteo Lucchesi (1705-1776) was an Italian architect and Engineer, active mainly in his native Venice.	Matteo Lucchesi	Venice
place of death	Nicolas Dipre was born in Paris and probably came from a family of artists.	Nicolas Dipre	Paris
place of death	He gave Birinus Dorchester-on-Thames for his episcopal see.	Birinus	Dorchester-on-Thames
place of death	Miroslav Venhoda (August 4, 1915 -- May 10, 1987 in Prague) was a Czech choral conductor who specialized in the performance of Renaissance and Baroque music, via his ensemble The Prague Madrigalists (Pražští madrigalisté in the original language), which he founded in 1956.	Miroslav Venhoda	Prague
place of death	Luis Jorge Fontana (born April 19, 1846 in Buenos Aires, Argentina; died October 18, 1920 in San Juan, Argentina) was an Argentine military officer, explorer, geographer, writer, and politician.	Luis Jorge Fontana	San Juan
place of death	Filippo Marchetti (26 February 1831, Bolognola, Macerata -- 18 January 1902, Rome) was an Italian opera composer.	Filippo Marchetti	Rome
place of death	Jaroslav Dietl (22 May 1929, Zagreb -- 29 June 1985, Prague) was a Czechoslovak screenwriter of series.	Jaroslav Dietl	Prague
place of death	Ronald de Carvalho (May 16, 1893 - February 15, 1935) was a Brazilian poet and diplomat from Rio de Janeiro.	Ronald de Carvalho	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Antonio Paglia (Brescia, 1680 -- Brescia, 1747) is an Italian painter active mainly in Brescia in a late-Baroque or Rococo style.	Antonio Paglia	Brescia
place of death	Saad Dahlab (b. in Ksar Chellala, April 18, 1918 - d. December 16, 2000 in Algiers) was an Algerian nationalist and politician.	Saad Dahlab	Algiers
place of death	Snow moved to Nashville, Tennessee in 1945, and ``Hank Snow, the Singing Ranger'' (modified from his earlier nickname, the Yodeling Ranger), started recording for RCA Victor of the United States in 1949.	Hank Snow	Tennessee
place of death	Michelangelo Florio (1515--1572), born in Lucca, or Florence and died in Soglio, was the son of a Franciscan friar, before converting to Protestantism.	Michelangelo Florio	Soglio
place of death	Kingsley Amis was born in Clapham, south London, the son of William Robert Amis, a mustard manufacturer's clerk in the City of London and his wife, Rosa Annie (née Lucas).	Kingsley Amis	London
place of death	Johann Bauschinger (11 June 1834 in Nuremberg -- 25 November 1893 in Munich) was a mathematician, builder, and professor of Engineering Mechanics at Munich Polytechnic from 1868 until his death.	Johann Bauschinger	Munich
place of death	The Deceased Correa (in Spanish La Difunta Correa) is a semi-pagan mythical figure in folk-religion, for which a number of people in Argentina and Chile, especially among the popular classes, feel a great devotion.	Difunta Correa	Argentina
place of death	Cristoforo Diana (1543 - 1636) was an Italian painter active in his native San Vito al Tagliamento.	Cristoforo Diana	San Vito al Tagliamento
place of death	Marco Palmezzano (1460--1539) was an Italian painter and architect, belonging to the Forlì painting school, who painted in a style recalling earlier Northern Renaissance models, and was mostly active near Forlì.	Marco Palmezzano	Forlì
place of death	Moritz Landé (* 2 March 1829 in Ostrowo; † 23 June 1888 in Berlin, Germany) was a German architect of Jewish origin.	Moritz Landé	Berlin
place of death	Hasdrubal the Fair (c. 270 BC -- 221 BC) was a Carthaginian military leader and politician, governor in Iberia after Hamilcar Barca's death, and founder of Cartagena.	Hasdrubal the Fair	Cartagena
place of death	Gaetano Cozzi (Zero Branco, September 15, 1922 - Venice, 15 March 2001) is an Italian historian, professor at Padua University, and researcher with the Giorgio Cini Foundation and Fondazione Benetton Studi e Ricerche.	Gaetano Cozzi	Venice
place of death	Hans Schomburgk, (October 28, 1880 in Hamburg -- July 27, 1967 in Berlin) was a German adventurer, filmmaker and until 1912 a big-game hunter.	Hans Schomburgk	Berlin
place of death	Don Haggerty (July 3, 1914, Poughkeepsie, New York -- August 19, 1988, Cocoa Beach, Florida) was an American actor of film and television.	Don Haggerty	Cocoa Beach
place of death	Sir Dietrich Brandis, KCIE, FRS (March 31, 1824 -- May 28, 1907, Bonn) was a German forester who worked with the British Imperial Forestry Service in colonial India.	Dietrich Brandis	Bonn
place of death	Hans Reinhold von Fersen (2 March 1683 Tallinn - 25 May 1736 Stockholm) was a Swedish count, politician and soldier.	Hans Reinhold von Fersen	Stockholm
place of death	Marco Coltellini (24 May 1724, Montepulciano -- November 1777, Saint Petersburg) was an Italian opera tenor, librettist and printer.	Marco Coltellini	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Georgios Papoulias (Greek: Γεώργιος Παπούλιας; 1927 - 11 September 2009, Athens) was a Greek politician and diplomat.	Georgios Papoulias	Athens
place of death	Heinz Nittel (1931--1981), a leader of the Austrian Socialist party and the president of the Austrian-Israeli Friendship League, was shot to death on 1 May 1981 outside his home in Vienna by Hesham Mohammed Rajeh, 21, born in Iraq.	Heinz Nittel	Vienna
place of death	Konrad von Thüngen (1466--1540) was the Prince-Bishop of Würzburg from 1519 until his death in 1540.	Konrad von Thüngen	Würzburg
place of death	Horace Lawson Hunley (June 20, 1823 in Sumner County, Tennessee -- October 15, 1863 off Charleston, South Carolina) was a Confederate marine engineer during the American Civil War.	Horace Lawson Hunley	Charleston
place of death	Princess Elisa Radziwill (Elisa Friederike Luise Martha; 28 October 1803, Berlin -- 27 August 1834, Bad Freienwalde) was a member of Polish high nobility of royal ancestry who was the desired bride of the Prince who later became Wilhelm I, German Emperor.	Elisa Radziwill	Bad Freienwalde
place of death	Felix Bryk (21 January 1882, Vienna -- 13 January 1957, Stockholm) was a Swedish anthropologist, entomologist and writer.	Felix Bryk	Stockholm
place of death	Ali Khencheli or Mahmoud Djellal (born at Khenchela) is an Algerian musician of Berber origin.	Ali Khencheli	Khenchela
place of death	Paul Devaux (10 April 1801, Bruges -- 30 January 1880, Brussels) was a liberal Belgian politician, deeply involved in the unionist movement.	Paul Devaux	Brussels
place of death	Count Mikhail Nikolayevich Muravyov or Muraviev (Russian: Михаи́л Никола́евич Муравьёв) (April 19 (O.S. April 7) 1845, Saint Petersburg -- June 21 (O.S. June 8) 1900) was a Russian statesman who advocated transferring the attention of Russian foreign policy from Europe to the Far East.	Mikhail Nikolayevich Muravyov	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Ernő Pattantyús-Ábrahám de Dancka (15 March 1882, Debrecen - 7 May 1945, Budapest) was a Hungarian journalist and writer.	Ernő Pattantyús-Ábrahám	Budapest
place of death	Hugo Baum (17 January 1867 in Forst (Lausitz) -- 15 April 1950 in Rostock) was a German botanist.	Hugo Baum	Rostock
place of death	Hampton Hawes was born on November 13, 1928, in Los Angeles, California.	Hampton Hawes	Los Angeles
place of death	Jaan Lattik (22 October (O.S. 10 October) 1878 near Karula, Estonia -- 27 June 1967 in Stockholm, Sweden) was an Estonian politician, writer and a former Estonian Minister of Education and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Estonia.	Jaan Lattik	Stockholm
place of death	Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Ferdinand Collmann (born October 1762 in Berlin; died 28 August 1837) was a German painter and professor, and between 1821 and 1837 he was a member of the Preußische Akademie der Künste.	Ferdinand Collmann	Berlin
place of death	Salvatore Inzerillo (Palermo, 1944 -- Palermo, May 11, 1981) was an Italian criminal, a member of the Sicilian Mafia, also known as Totuccio (a diminutive for Salvatore).	Salvatore Inzerillo	Palermo
place of death	Francisco Valls (Barcelona 1665/1671 - 2 February 1747) was a Spanish composer, theorist and maestro de capilla.	Francisco Valls	Barcelona
place of death	José María Pino Suárez (Spanish pronunciation: (xosemaˈɾia ˌpinoˈswaɾes); 8 September 1869 -- 22 February 1913) was a Mexican statesman, jurist, poet, journalist and revolutionary who served as the 7th and last Vice President of Mexico from 1911 until his assassination in 1913.	José María Pino Suárez	Mexico
place of death	Pedro Vargas Mata (San Miguel Allende, 29 April 1906 - Mexico City on 30 October 1989) was a Mexican singer and actor, from the golden age of Mexican cinema.	Pedro Vargas	Mexico City
place of death	Otakar Pertold (born in Jaroměř 21 March 1884, died 3 May 1965 in Prague) was Czech Indologist, religious studies historian and ethnologist, generally considered the pioneer of Asian religious studies in Czechoslovakia.	Otakar Pertold	Prague
place of death	Wolfgang Müller-Lauter (August 31, 1924 in Weimar -- August 9, 2001 in Berlin) was a German philosopher and scholar.	Wolfgang Müller-Lauter	Berlin
place of death	Jon-Henri Damski (March 31, 1937 -- November 1, 1997) was an American essayist, weekly columnist, poet and community activist in Chicago's gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender communities from the mid to late 1970s until the late 1990s.	Jon-Henri Damski	Chicago
place of death	Christa Reinig (6 August 1926, Berlin -- 30 September 2008, Munich) was a German poet, fiction and non-fiction writer, and dramatist.	Christa Reinig	Munich
place of death	Pierre Moerlen (23 October 1952, Colmar, Haut-Rhin -- 3 May 2005, Sainte-Marie-aux-Mines, near Strasbourg) was a French drummer and percussionist, best known for his work with Gong and Mike Oldfield and as Pierre Moerlen's Gong.	Pierre Moerlen	Strasbourg
place of death	Paolo Manna (16 January 1872, in Avellino -- 15 September 1952, in Naples) was an Italian Catholic missionary in Burma (now Myanmar) who was the superior general of the Pontifical Institute for Foreign Missions.	Paolo Manna	Naples
place of death	Giuseppe Giovanni Antonio Meneghini (30 July 1811, Padua -- 29 January 1889, Pisa) was an Italian botanist, geologist and paleontologist.	Giuseppe Giovanni Antonio Meneghini	Pisa
place of death	On June 7, 1999, Paco Stanley, Mario Bezarez and Jorge Gil left TV Azteca studios after their morning show ``Una Tras Otra'' to eat in a famous Mexican restaurant ``El Charco de las Ranas'' located in Periferico, Mexico City's busy beltway.	Paco Stanley	Mexico City
place of death	Léon-Ernest Drivier (born in Grenoble on 22 October 1878 and died in Paris in 1951), was a French illustrator and sculptor.	Léon-Ernest Drivier	Paris
place of death	Francisco de Albear y Fernández de Lara (January 11, 1816, Havana -- October 22, 1887, Havana) was a Spanish engineer from Cuba.	Francisco de Albear	Havana
place of death	Lavoslav Schwarz (Croatian: Lavoslav Švarc, pronounced (lâʋoslaʋ ʃʋârt͡s); born Leopold Schwarz (lêopolt ʃʋârt͡s); 1837 Zagreb, died 1906 Zagreb) was Croatian merchant and a historically significant figure of the Jewish community in Zagreb.	Lavoslav Schwarz	Zagreb
place of death	Gustave Moynier (September 21, 1826 - August 21, 1910) was a Swiss Jurist who was active in many charitable organizations in Geneva.	Gustave Moynier	Geneva
place of death	Harvey Seeley Mudd (30 August 1888-- 12 April 1955) was a mining engineer and founder, investor, and president of Cyprus Mines Corporation, a Los Angeles--based international enterprise that operated copper mines on the island of Cyprus.	Harvey Seeley Mudd	Los Angeles
place of death	Henning Holck-Larsen (July 4, 1907 Frederiksberg, Denmark -- July 27, 2003 Mumbai) was a Dane who co-founded the Indian engineering firm Larsen & Toubro (L&T).	Henning Holck-Larsen	Mumbai
place of death	Christian Homann Schweigaard (14 October 1838 in Christiania -- 24 March 1899 in Christiania) was a Norwegian Supreme Court lawyer and politician.	Christian Homann Schweigaard	Christiania
place of death	Grete Mosheim died from cancer in New York City on 29 December 1986, aged 81.	Grete Mosheim	New York City
place of death	Jean Dries is the name used by the artist, Jean Driesbach, who was born on October, 19 1905 in Bar-Le-Duc in Meuse, France and died in Paris on February 26, 1973.	Jean Dries	Paris
place of death	Abdul Rahman Al Ghafiqi (died 732; Arabic: عبد الرحمن الغافقي‎), also known as Abd er Rahman, Abdderrahman, Abderame, and Abd el-Rahman, unsuccessfully led the Andalusian Muslims into battle against the forces of Charles Martel in the Battle of Tours on October 10, 732 AD.	Abdul Rahman Al Ghafiqi	Battle of Tours
place of death	Kōrli Stalte (Latvian: Kārlis Stalte) (born 1870, Mazirbe -- died 12 January 1947 in Germany) was a prolific Livonian cultural activist.	Kōrli Stalte	Germany
place of death	Carl Heinrich Johann Schenck was a German technology pioneer and businessman who established Carl Schenck Eisengießerei & Waagenfabrik in 1881, in Darmstadt, Germany.	Carl Schenck	Darmstadt
place of death	Horace Freeland Judson (21 April 1931 in Manhattan, New York -- 6 May 2011 in Baltimore, Maryland) was a historian of molecular biology and the author of several books, including The Eighth Day of Creation, a history of molecular biology, and The Great Betrayal:	Horace Freeland Judson	Baltimore
place of death	Robert Oskar Julius von Görschen (born 22 November 1829 in Aachen; died 10 January 1914 in Aachen) was one of the Aachen region's most successful business lawyers, and an initiator of many social and cultural institutions.	Robert Oskar Julius von Görschen	Aachen
place of death	Jan van Rijn or Jean de Reyn was born at Dunkirk about the year 1610, and went when he was young to Antwerp, where he became a student of Van Dyck.	Jean de Reyn	Dunkirk
place of death	Joseph von Quarin (November 19, 1733 -- March 19, 1814) was an Austrian physician born in Vienna.	Joseph von Quarin	Vienna
place of death	Alexandre Deschapelles (March 7, 1780, Ville-d'Avray near Versailles -- October 27, 1847, in Paris) was a French chess player who, between the death of Philidor and the arrival of Louis de la Bourdonnais, was probably the strongest player in the world.	Alexandre Deschapelles	Paris
place of death	Vahram Kevorkian (born 17 December 1887 in the Russian Empire - died 17 July 1911 in Antwerp, Belgium) was a football player of Armenian descent.	Vahram Kevorkian	Antwerp
place of death	Evgeni Gegechkori (Georgian: ევგენი გეგეჭკორი) (January 20, 1881, Martvili -- June 5, 1954, Paris) was a Georgian nobleman, politician, and Social Democratic revolutionary.	Evgeni Gegechkori	Paris
place of death	Meir Dizengoff (Hebrew: מאיר דיזנגוף‎, Russian: Меер Янкелевич Дизенгоф Meer Yankelevich Dizengof, 25 February 1861 -- 23 September 1936) was a Zionist politician and the first mayor of Tel Aviv.	Meir Dizengoff	Tel Aviv
place of death	Joseph-Hippolyte Guibert (1802, Aix-en-Provence, Bouches-du-Rhône -- 1886, Paris) was a French Catholic Archbishop of Paris and Cardinal.	Joseph-Hippolyte Guibert	Paris
place of death	Pedro Benoit (February 18, 1836 -- April 4, 1897) was an Argentine architect, engineer, and urbanist best known for designing the layout of the city of La Plata.	Pedro Benoit	La Plata
place of death	Oscar Nuccio (Brindisi, 9 July 1931 -- Rieti, 23 April 2004) was an Italian historian of economic thought.	Oscar Nuccio	Rieti
place of death	Mara Selvini Palazzoli (1916--1999) was an Italian psychiatrist and founder in 1971, with Gianfranco Cecchin, Luigi Boscolo and Giuliana Prata, of the systemic and constructivist approach to family therapy which became known as the Milan systems approach.	Mara Selvini Palazzoli	Milan
place of death	Daltro Menezes (born 18 January 1938 in Porto Alegre, died 18 August 1994 in Porto Alegre) was a Brazilian professional football manager.	Daltro Menezes	Porto Alegre
place of death	Teodoro Lechi (Brescia, 16 January 1778 -- Milan, 2 May 1866) was an Italian general, a Jacobin and a military advisor to King Carlo Alberto of Sardinia.	Teodoro Lechi	Milan
place of death	Karl Stauffer, known as Karl Stauffer-Bern (2 September 1857, Trubschachen - 24 January 1891, Florence) was a Swiss painter, etcher and sculptor.	Karl Stauffer-Bern	Florence
place of death	Marguerite Snow (9 September 1889, Savannah, Georgia - 17 February 1958, Los Angeles, California) was an American silent film actress.	Marguerite Snow	Los Angeles
place of death	Fritz Reinhardt (3 April 1895, in Ilmenau -- 17 June 1969, in Regensburg) was a state secretary in the German Finance Ministry in the time of the Third Reich.	Fritz Reinhardt	Regensburg
place of death	Peter Geach was born in London in 1916 to George Hender Geach, a professor of philosophy in Lahore and Cambridge, and Eleonora Adolfina Sgonina, a poet, and spent his earliest years in Cardiff.	Peter Geach	Cambridge
place of death	Johann Bernhard Fischer (1685, Lübeck -- 1772, Hinterbergen near Riga) was a doctor of German origin in Imperial Russian service as medical adviser to the Empress Anna.	Johann Bernhard Fischer	Riga
place of death	Mihailo Stevanović (April 3, 1903 -- January 14, 1991) was a Serbian linguist and philologist, professor at the University of Belgrade and a full member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts.	Mihailo Stevanović	Belgrade
place of death	Francois P. Giraud (June 1, 1818 in Charleston -- May 8, 1877 in San Antonio) was an American politician.	Francois P. Giraud	San Antonio
place of death	Apelles of Kos (/əˈpɛliːz/; Greek: Ἀπελλῆς; fl. 4th century BC) was a renowned painter of ancient Greece.	Apelles	Kos
place of death	Hasan Eren (March 15, 1919, Vidin, Bulgaria -- May 26, 2007, Ankara, Turkey) was a Turkish academic etymologist, linguist, Turkologist, and Hungarologist specializing in Turkish language, other Turkic languages, and Hungarian language who served as head of the Turkish Language Association from 1983 to 1993.	Hasan Eren	Ankara
place of death	Mikhail Skorodumov (Russian: Михаил Федорович Скородумов; 1892 -- 15 November 1963, Los Angeles) was a Russian general who participated in World War I, the White movement, and founded the Nazi-allied Russian Corps in Serbia during World War II. Skorodumov was born in 1892.	Mikhail Skorodumov	Los Angeles
place of death	Lina Morgenstern (25 November 1830 in Breslau -- 16 December 1909 in Berlin) was a German writer, educator, feminist and pacifist.	Lina Morgenstern	Berlin
place of death	Asa Howe Cory (May 31, 1814 -- June 6, 1892) was a captain of Company H in the 58th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry Regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Asa Howe Cory	Pennsylvania
place of death	Gustaf Johan Billberg (14 June 1772, Karlskrona -- 26 November 1844, Stockholm) was a Swedish botanist, zoologist and anatomist, although professionally and by training he was a lawyer and used science and biology as a hobby.	Gustaf Johan Billberg	Stockholm
place of death	Orville Bullington (February 10, 1882 -- November 24, 1956) was an attorney and businessman in Wichita Falls, Texas, who was the unsuccessful Republican gubernatorial nominee in 1932 against former Governor Miriam Wallace ``Ma'' Ferguson, who won the second of her two terms in the office.	Orville Bullington	Wichita Falls
place of death	Princess Ida of Saxe-Meiningen (25 June 1794 -- 4 April 1852), was a German princess member of the House of Wettin and by marriage Princess of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach.	Princess Ida of Saxe-Meiningen	Weimar
place of death	William Cooper Nell (December 16, 1816 -- May 25, 1874) was an African-American abolitionist, journalist, publisher, author, and civil servant of Boston, Massachusetts, who worked for integration of schools and public facilities in the state.	William Cooper Nell	Boston
place of death	Mai Ghoussoub (Arabic: مي غصوب‎) (2 November 1952 Beirut -- 17 February 2007 London) was a Lebanese writer, artist, publisher and human rights activist.	Mai Ghoussoub	London
place of death	Rudolf von Raumer (14 April 1815, Breslau -- 30 August 1876, Erlangen) was a German philologist and linguist, known for his extensive research of the German language.	Rudolf von Raumer	Erlangen
place of death	Cäsar Flaischlen was a German poet, b. in Stuttgart on May 12, 1864, and d. in Gundelsheim, Baden-Württemberg.	Cäsar Flaischlen	Gundelsheim
place of death	Raffaello Fossi, styled RAFO (born Signa, 21 April 1928 - died there 8 January 1962) was an Italian painter.	Raffaello Fossi	Signa
place of death	Burt Reinhardt died at his home in Marietta, Georgia, of complications from a series of strokes on May 10, 2011, at the age of 91.	Burt Reinhardt	Marietta
place of death	Lambert de Sayve, also Saive or Seave (Saive, near Liège 1548 or 1549 -- Linz 1614), was a Flemish composer.	Lambert de Sayve	Linz
place of death	Palau was born Pierre Palau del Vitri in Pairs and died at age 83 in Meudon, Hauts-de-Seine, France.	Pierre Palau	Meudon
place of death	Hermann Schaaffhausen (19 July 1816, Koblenz -- 26 January 1893 Bonn) German anatomist, anthropologist, and paleoanthropologist.	Hermann Schaaffhausen	Bonn
position held	Abdul Hamid al-Bakkoush (Arabic: عبد الحميد البكوش‎) (1933 -- 2007) was Prime Minister of Libya from 25 October 1967 to 4 September 1968.	Abdul Hamid al-Bakkoush	Prime Minister of Libya
position held	Tawfik Abu al-Huda (Arabic: توفيق ابو الهدى‎) (also known as Tawfik Pasha Abul-Huda) (1894 -- 1 July 1956) served several terms as Prime Minister of Jordan.	Tawfik Abu al-Huda	Prime Minister of Jordan
position held	Trajan (/ˈtreɪdʒən/; Latin: Imperator Caesar Nerva Traianus Divi Nervae filius Augustus; September 18, 53 -- August 8, 117 AD) was Roman emperor from 98 AD until his death in 117 AD.	Trajan	Roman emperor
position held	His name meant Last king, and he was named so because of a prophecy by Malbeth the Seer: ``Arvedui you shall call him, for he will be the last in Arthedain.	Arvedui	king
position held	Anthony Durier (January 3, 1833 -- February 28, 1904) served as the Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Natchitoches, Louisiana.	Anthony Durier	bishop
position held	Thomas Henry Selby (May 14, 1820 -- June 17, 1875) was the 13th Mayor of San Francisco serving from December 6, 1869 to December 3, 1871.	Thomas Henry Selby	Mayor of San Francisco
position held	Fidèle Agbatchi (born October 23, 1950) is a retired Beninese Roman Catholic archbishop.	Fidèle Agbatchi	archbishop
position held	Richard H. Vose (November 8, 1803 -- January 19, 1864) was an American politician and the 14th Governor of Maine for two days in 1841.	Richard H. Vose	Governor of Maine
position held	Jens Stoltenberg ( listen ; born 16 March 1959) is a Norwegian politician who is the 13th Secretary General of NATO.	Jens Stoltenberg	Secretary General of NATO
position held	José de la Riva-Agüero y Osma, 6th Marquess of Montealegre de Aulestia (26 February 1885 -- 26 October 1944) was a Peruvian historian, writer and politician who served as Prime Minister of Peru.	José de la Riva-Agüero y Osma	Prime Minister of Peru
position held	Levi Woodbury (December 22, 1789 -- September 4, 1851) was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, a U.S. Senator, Governor of New Hampshire and cabinet member in three administrations.	Levi Woodbury	Governor of New Hampshire
position held	Giovanni Carlo Boschi (Faenza, 9 April 1715 -- 6 September 1788) was an Italian clergyman who was made a cardinal by Pope Clement XIII in the consistory of 21 July 1766.	Giovanni Carlo Boschi	cardinal
position held	Mindy Greiling is a former Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented the former districts 54B and 54A in Ramsey County, part of the Twin Cities metropolitan area.	Mindy Greiling	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
position held	Charles Manners-Sutton (Manners before 1762; 17 February 1755 -- 21 July 1828) was a bishop in the Church of England who served as Archbishop of Canterbury from 1805 to 1828.	Charles Manners-Sutton	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Giovanni Battista Bussi de Pretis (Urbino, 11 September 1721 -- Jesi, 27 June 1800) was an Italian cleric promoted by Pope Pius VI to the rank of cardinal in the consistory of 21 February 1794.	Giovanni Battista Bussi de Pretis	cardinal
position held	George F. Wingard (born November 6, 1935), was an American politician who was a member of the Oregon House of Representatives and Oregon State Senate.	George F. Wingard	member of the Oregon House of Representatives
position held	Saxe Bannister (1790 -- 16 September 1877) was the first Attorney-General of New South Wales, Australia, and a writer.	Saxe Bannister	Attorney-General of New South Wales
position held	Francesco Dandolo (died 1339) was the 52nd Doge of Venice.	Francesco Dandolo	Doge of Venice
position held	Vittorio Tomassetti (June 28, 1930 -- January 6, 2008) was the Italian Roman Catholic bishop emeritus of the Diocese of Fano-Fossombrone-Cagli-Pergola.	Vittorio Tomassetti	bishop
position held	Gijsbrecht van Brederode (1416 -- Breda, 15 August 1475) was bishop-elect of Utrecht from 1455 to 1456.	Gijsbrecht van Brederode	bishop
position held	Aldis Bernard (c. 1810 -- 3 July 1876) was a Canadian dentist and politician, the Mayor of Montreal, Quebec between 1873 and 1875.	Aldis Bernard	Mayor of Montreal
position held	Saint Pelinus or Pelinus of Brindisi (Italian: San Pelino) (c. 620 -- 5 December 662) was a Basilian monk, later bishop of Brindisi in Italy, martyred at Corfinio and made a saint in 668.	Pelinus	bishop
position held	Edward Kavanagh (April 27, 1795 -- January 22, 1844) was a United States Representative and the 17th Governor of Maine.	Edward Kavanagh	Governor of Maine
position held	Ferdinand Friedensburg (born 17 November 1886 in Schweidnitz (present-day Świdnica); died 11 March 1972) was the interim Mayor of Berlin due to the illness of mayor Louise Schroeder during the Berlin Blockade in 1948.	Ferdinand Friedensburg	mayor
position held	Stephen Scholey (22 January 1815 -- 13 May 1878) was a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly.	Stephen Scholey	Member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
position held	Oswald of Worcester (died 29 February 992) was Archbishop of York from 972 to his death in 992.	Oswald of Worcester	Archbishop of York
position held	Kathleen Falk (born June 26, 1951) is an American attorney and politician from Wisconsin who served as Dane County Executive from 1997 until 2011.	Kathleen Falk	Dane County
position held	Apries (Ancient Greek: Ἁπρίης) is the name by which Herodotus (ii. 161) and Diodorus (i. 68) designate Wahibre Haaibre, a pharaoh of Egypt (589 BC -- 570 BC), the fourth king (counting from Psamtik I) of the Twenty-sixth dynasty of Egypt.	Apries	pharaoh
position held	Gustave Olombe Atelumbu Musilamu (May 1, 1927 Yaounge -- February 17, 2011 Wamba, Congo Democratic Republic) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wamba, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Africa.	Gustave Olombe Atelumbu Musilamu	bishop
position held	Philip the Bold (French: Philippe le Hardi, Dutch: Filips de Stoute; 17 January 1342 -- 27 April 1404, Halle) was Duke of Burgundy (as Philip II) and jure uxoris Count of Flanders (as Philip II), Artois and Burgundy (as Philip IV).	Philip the Bold	Duke of Burgundy
position held	José Freire Falcão (born October 23, 1925 in Ereré) is a Brazilian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and former archbishop of Brasília.	José Freire Falcão	archbishop
position held	Jordan A. Harris is Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 186th legislative district.	Jordan A. Harris	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Gwen Klingler is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 100th district from 1995 until 2003.	Gwen Klingler	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Hædde (or Hedda, Hedde, Haedda, Haeddi; died 705) was a medieval Bishop of Winchester.	Hædde	Bishop of Winchester
position held	Cornelis Guldewagen (1599 -- 1663), was a Haarlem mayor, known best today for his portrait by Frans Hals.	Cornelis Guldewagen	mayor
position held	Marilyn Dondero Loop (born 1951, in Las Vegas, Nevada) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly since February 2, 2009 representing District 5.	Marilyn Dondero Loop	member of the Nevada Assembly
position held	Roseanna Cunningham (born 27 July 1951, Glasgow) is a Scottish politician who has been the Cabinet Secretary for Fair Work, Skills and Training since 2014 and is the Scottish National Party (SNP) Member of the Scottish Parliament for Perthshire South and Kinross-shire, having previously represented Perth.	Roseanna Cunningham	Cabinet Secretary for Fair Work, Skills and Training	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	William Legge, 1st Earl of Dartmouth (1672-1750) was Lord Privy Seal from 1713 to 1714.	William Legge, 1st Earl of Dartmouth	Lord Privy Seal
position held	Senedj (also known as Sened and Sethenes) is the name of an early Egyptian king (pharaoh), who may have ruled during the 2nd dynasty.	Senedj	pharaoh
position held	Alexandru Todea (5 June 1912, Teleac, Mureş County--22 May 2002, Târgu-Mureş) was a Romanian Greek-Catholic bishop of the Alba Iulia Diocese and later cardinal.	Alexandru Todea	cardinal
position held	James Kimbrough Jones (September 29, 1839 -- June 1, 1908) was a United States Senator.	James Kimbrough Jones	United States Senator
position held	Klint Kesto is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives representing a district primarily consisting of Wixom and Commerce Township.	Klint Kesto	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
position held	Rensselaer Morse Lewis (November 9, 1820 - December 16, 1888) was an American merchant from Fond du Lac, Wisconsin who served a single one-year term in 1873 as a Liberal Reform Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin.	Rensselaer Morse Lewis	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Antonios Antonopoulos (Greek: Αντώνιος Αντωνόπουλος) (1805--1887) was a Greek politician of Achaia and a mayor of Patras.	Antonios Antonopoulos	mayor
position held	George Talbot, 6th Earl of Shrewsbury, 6th Earl of Waterford, 12th Baron Talbot, 11th Baron Furnivall, KG, Earl Marshal (1528 -- 18 November 1590) was an English magnate and military commander.	George Talbot, 6th Earl of Shrewsbury	Earl Marshal
position held	Paulina Gamus is a Venezuelan political commentator and former member of the National Assembly of Venezuela.	Paulina Gamus	member of the National Assembly of Venezuela
position held	Clement of Llanthony (fl. mid-12th century) was an Anglo-Norman monk and theologian who became prior of Llanthony Priory.	Clement of Llanthony	prior
position held	When she came to power in May 1979, he was appointed to the position of Paymaster-General with a seat in the cabinet, with Thatcher saying ``I was anxious to have Angus Maude in the Cabinet to benefit from his years of political experience, his sound views, and his acid wit.''	Angus Maude	Paymaster-General
position played on team / speciality	Pau Cendrós López (born 1 April 1987) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Lugo as either a right back or a central defender.	Pau Cendrós	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pēteris Lauks (10 February 1902 in Riga - 15 March 1984 in Kitchener, Canada) was a Latvian football defender, one of the most capped footballers for Latvia national football team before World War II.	Pēteris Lauks	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gilberto dos Santos Souza Júnior (born 20 October 1988 in Serrinha) known as Gilberto, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Sacramento Republic in the USL Pro. He plays mainly as a defensive midfielder who sometimes plays as a central midfielder.	Gilberto dos Santos Souza Júnior	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ben Jago (born 4 September 1996) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Annan Athletic on loan from Tranmere Rovers.	Ben Jago	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bram Castro (born 30 September 1982) is a Belgian footballer who plays for Dutch Eredivisie club Heracles Almelo as a goalkeeper.	Bram Castro	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Teemu Turunen (born 19 January 1986 in Kuopio) is a Finnish footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Teemu Turunen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Edward Linskens (born 6 November 1968) is a Dutch retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, mainly for PSV.	Edward Linskens	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mark Kosick (born March 25, 1979 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a professional ice hockey centre.	Mark Kosick	centre
position played on team / speciality	Zdravko Iliev (Bulgarian: Здравко Илиев; born 19 October 1984) is a Bulgarian football defender who plays as a right back for Vereya Stara Zagora.	Zdravko Iliev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lionel Lewis (born 16 December 1982) is a retired Singaporean footballer who played for Singapore national football team as a goalkeeper.	Lionel Lewis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mohd Nurul Azwan Roya (born 25 June 1986) is a Malaysian footballer currently plays as a midfielder for Johor Darul Ta'zim II in Malaysia Premier League.	Mohd Nurul Azwan Roya	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Doka Madureira real name Francisco Lima da Silva (born 11 February 1984) is a Brazilian football midfielder, currently playing for İstanbul Başakşehir in the Turkish Süper Lig.	Doka Madureira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	John Keirs (1947--1995) was a Scottish former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a central defender.	John Keirs	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ruben Buriani (born 16 March 1955 in Portomaggiore, Province of Ferrara) is a former Italian football (soccer) midfielder.	Ruben Buriani	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Arthur Walls was a footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Tranmere Rovers.	Arthur Walls	forward
position played on team / speciality	Oleksiy Shevchenko (Ukrainian: Олексій Миколайович Шевченко; born 24 February 1992 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper.	Oleksiy Shevchenko	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pál Szalma (born 12 March 1982 in Vásárosnamény) is a Hungarian Football (soccer) goalkeeper.	Pál Szalma	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vladislav Sergeyevich Ozerov (Russian: Владислав Серге́евич Озеров; born 27 October 1995) is a Russian football forward.	Vladislav Sergeyevich Ozerov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Andreja Efremov (Macedonian: Андреја Ефремов, born 2 September 1992 in Sveti Nikole) is a footballer from the Republic of Macedonia who plays as a goalkeeper for Renova.	Andreja Efremov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Colin Barnes (born 28 May 1957) is an English former professional footballer born in Notting Hill, London, who played as a forward in the Football League for Torquay United.	Colin Barnes	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nodar Mammadov (Azerbaijani: Nodar Məmmədov; born 3 June 1988 in Kaspi, Georgia) is an Azerbaijani football defender who plays for Khazar Lankaran.	Nodar Mammadov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Balić (born 29 September 1970) was a Croatian football goalkeeper who last played for Hajduk Split.	Vladimir Balić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Élton Constantino da Silva (born 20 July 1989), simply known as Élton is a Brazilian professional footballer playing as a midfielder.	Élton Constantino da Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Anton Holenkov (Ukrainian: Антон Анатолійович Голенков; born 17 December 1989 in Koreiz, Krym Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is an Ukrainian football midfielder.	Anton Holenkov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dmitri Uchaykin (Russian: Дмитрий Викторович Учайкин) (June 10, 1980 -- March 31, 2013) was a Russian ice hockey left-winger.	Dmitri Uchaykin	winger
position played on team / speciality	Rain Raadik (born 17 May 1989) is an Estonian professional basketball player, who plays in the positions of center and power forward.	Rain Raadik	center
position played on team / speciality	Michel Périard (born November 10, 1979) is a Canadian-German professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for Iserlohn Roosters in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Michel Périard	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	José Erick Correa (born July 20, 1992 in Acandí) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Gimnasia.	José Erick Correa	forward
position played on team / speciality	Petro Didyk (Ukrainian: Петро Миколайович Дідик; 14 July 1960 -- 1 May 2015) was an Ukrainian football defender and football functionary.	Petro Didyk	defender
position played on team / speciality	Matt Crowe (born 4 July 1932) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a wing half.	Matt Crowe	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Craig Kowalski (born January 15, 1981) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender who most recently played for the Nottingham Panthers of the EIHL.	Craig Kowalski	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Abdul Karim Nizigiyimana Makenzi (born 21 June 1989 in Bujumbura), known as Karim Nizigiyimana, is a Burundian footballer who currently plays for Kenyan Premier League side Gor Mahia and the Burundi national team as a defender.	Karim Nizigiyimana	defender
position played on team / speciality	Héctor Berenguel del Pino (born 11 October 1974), known simply as Héctor, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back or a central defender.	Héctor Berenguel	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kurt Morath (born 13 November 1984 in North Shore City, New Zealand) is a rugby union footballer who plays as fly-half.	Kurt Morath	fly-half
position played on team / speciality	Fahrija Dautbegović (born November 15, 1943) is a Bosnian former football goalkeeper.	Fahrija Dautbegović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Michal Habai (born 30 July 1985) is a Slovakian professional footballer who plays as a defender (or defensive midfielder).	Michal Habai	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rob Verbakel (born 13 May 1987 in Nelson, New Zealand) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a lock in the Aviva Premiership for the Northampton Saints.	Rob Verbakel	lock
position played on team / speciality	José Luis González China (born 3 June 1966 in Mexico City) is a Mexican football manager and former defender.	José Luis González China	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jânio Daniel do Nascimento Santos, simply known as Jânio (born 3 July 1991), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward.	Jânio Daniel do Nascimento Santos	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sara Gama (born 27 March 1989) is an Italian football defender who plays for ACF Brescia of the Italian Serie A. She has also played for PSG of Division 1 Féminine, UPC Tavagnacco and Calcio Chiasiellis of Serie A, as well as American W-League team Pali Blues.	Sara Gama	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alan Ogley is a footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Barnsley, Manchester City, Stockport County and Darlington.	Alan Ogley	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Ivelja (born March 20, 1988) is a Serbian professional basketball power forward who currently plays for Feni Industries.	Vladimir Ivelja	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Goran Rubil (born 9 March 1981, in Slavonski Brod, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian football midfielder who last played for Asteras Tripolis in Greek Super League.	Goran Rubil	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Carlos da Silva José (born 22 September 1941), known as José Carlos, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played mostly as a central defender.	José Carlos da Silva José	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alan Bulloch born 7 July 1977, in Glasgow was a Scottish international rugby union centre.	Alan Bulloch	centre
position played on team / speciality	Michalis Tsamourlidis (born 22 March 1992 in Tsalka, Georgia) is a Greek footballer, currently playing for Ethnikos Alexandroupolis in the Football League 2, as a defender.	Michalis Tsamourlidis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Predrag Jeremić (Serbian Cyrillic: Предраг Јеремић; born 22 November 1987 in Šabac) is a Serbian football midfielder who last played for Sloboda Užice in the Serbian First League.	Predrag Jeremić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Reece James (born 7 November 1993) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Wigan Athletic.	Reece James	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Luis Ruiz Sandoval (born 1 octubre 1989) is a Venezuelan professional footballer as a forward who plays for Trujillanos FC.	Jorge Luis Ruiz	forward
position played on team / speciality	Noé Acosta Rivera (born 10 December 1983) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Greek club PAS Giannina F.C. as a left midfielder.	Noé Acosta	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alexis Khazzaka (born April 15, 1994) is a French-Lebanese midfielder who is currently a player for Al-Ahly Aley in the Lebanese Premier League.	Alexis Khazzaka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Richard Haughton (born 8 November 1980) is a rugby union footballer who can play on the wing or at fullback for Perpignan in the Top 14, and was a former member of England Saxons and England Sevens squads.	Richard Haughton	wing
position played on team / speciality	Simon Whaley (born 7 June 1985) is an English former footballer who played as a winger.	Simon Whaley	winger
position played on team / speciality	Avilla Bergin (born 1 August 1991) is an association football forward from Northern Ireland.	Avilla Bergin	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nassim Banouas (born 8 September 1986 in Worms, West Germany) is a German footballer who last played as a defender for SV Wiesbaden.	Nassim Banouas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ion Timofte (born 16 December 1967) is a Romanian retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder, and the current chairman of ACS Poli Timișoara.	Ion Timofte	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Filippo Perucchini (born 6 October 1991) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie B side Varese on loan from Lecce.	Filippo Perucchini	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alberto Nocerino (born 20 December 1975, in Torre Annunziata, Province of Naples) is an Italian football defender who currently plays for S.S. Cavese 1919.	Alberto Nocerino	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gary Coulibaly (born 30 March 1986) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Gary Coulibaly	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Henrique de Jesus Bernardo (born 19 January 1987 in Campinas), commonly known as Henrique, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward.	Henrique de Jesus Bernardo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Fabijan Cipot (born 25 August 1976 in Murska Sobota) is a Slovenian football defender.	Fabijan Cipot	defender
position played on team / speciality	Abderrahmane Mahjoub or Abderrahmane Belmahjoub (April 25, 1929 -- August 31, 2011) was a French and Moroccan international football (soccer) midfielder.	Abderrahmane Mahjoub	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Maxime Bossis (French pronunciation: ​(maksim bɔsis); born June 26, 1955 in Saint-André-Treize-Voies, Vendée) is a retired football defender from France, who obtained 76 caps (one goal) for the French national team.	Maxime Bossis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ibrahim Diaky (born May 24, 1982 in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire) is an Emirati football midfielder.	Ibrahim Diaky	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mark Santel (born July 5, 1968 in Saint Louis, Missouri) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who is currently an assistant coach for the Saint Louis Billikens.	Mark Santel	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Enea Koliqi (born 13 December 1986 in Pogradec) is an Albanian goalkeeper who plays for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga.	Enea Koliqi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Suani Uelese is an American Samoan footballer who plays as a forward.	Suani Uelese	forward
position played on team / speciality	Michel Simplício Rosseto (born 26 March 1986 in São Paulo), known as Simplício, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for United Arab Emirates club Al Khaleej Club as a forward.	Michel Simplício Rosseto	forward
position played on team / speciality	Leonid Koshelev (Russian: Леони́д Алекса́ндрович Ко́шелев, Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Koshelev) (born 20 December 1979) is a Russian-Uzbekistani football midfielder.	Leonid Koshelev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alain Giresse (French pronunciation: ​(alɛ̃ ʒiʁɛs); born 2 August 1952 in Langoiran, Gironde) is a retired French international footballer who played as a midfielder.	Alain Giresse	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jussi Markkanen (born May 8, 1975 in Imatra, Finland) is an ice hockey goaltender for SaiPa of the SM-liiga.	Jussi Markkanen	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	William Alexander Ross (15 November 1913 -- 28 September 1942) was a Scottish international rugby union player, who was killed in World War II. He was capped twice for Scotland in 1937 at fly-half.	William Alexander Ross	fly-half
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Floriano (born 14 August 1986 in Albstadt, Germany) is an Italian footballer who plays as a forward for Pisa.	Roberto Floriano	forward
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandar Čanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Чановић, born 18 February 1983 in Kosovska Mitrovica) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Cherno More Varna in the Bulgarian A Football Group.	Aleksandar Čanović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Paul Marquis (born 29 August 1972) is an English former football defender.	Paul Marquis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Scott Stajcer (born June 14, 1991) is a Canadian ice hockey goaltender and is currently an unrestricted free agent.	Scott Stajcer	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Alain Moizan (born November 18, 1953 in Saint-Louis) is a retired French professional football midfielder.	Alain Moizan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fabio Gallo (born 11 September 1970, in Bollate) is an Italian association football former coach of Giacomense in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione and a former Italian footballer who played in the role of a midfielder.	Fabio Gallo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lars Højer Nielsen (born 8 December 1970) is a former Danish professional football midfielder.	Lars Højer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy Nielsen (born August 6, 1977) is a retired Danish professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Jimmy Nielsen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bobby Frasor played at North Carolina from 2005 to 2009 as both point guard and shooting guard.	Bobby Frasor	point guard	shooting guard
position played on team / speciality	Lloyd Doesburg (April 29, 1960 -- June 7, 1989 in Paramaribo) was a Dutch football goalkeeper.	Lloyd Doesburg	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Younes Namli (born 20 June 1994) is a Danish professional footballer who plays for Dutch club Heerenveen, as a winger.	Younes Namli	winger
position played on team / speciality	Andrew Gregor (born November 22, 1975 in Syracuse, New York) is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in Major League Soccer, the USL First Division, the USL Premier Development League and Major Indoor Soccer League.	Andrew Gregor	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Melanarkitis(Greek: Aντρέας Μελαναρκίτης; born 15 October 1975) is a former international Cypriot football defender.	Andreas Melanarkitis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Romario Kortzorg (born August 25, 1989 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a forward for Romanian club Dinamo București.	Romario Kortzorg	forward
position played on team / speciality	Uriel Álvarez Rivera (born 1 May 1990) is a Mexican professional footballer, who plays as a defender for Atlético San Luis in the Ascenso MX, on loan from Club Santos Laguna.	Uriel Álvarez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Cătălin Carp (born 20 October 1993 in Chișinău) is a Moldavian footballer who plays mainly as a defensive midfielder for Romanian club Steaua București and Moldova national football team.	Cătălin Carp	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Milan Mačvan (Serbian: Милан Мачван, born November 16, 1989) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Emporio Armani Milano of the Lega Basket Serie A. Standing at 2.06 m (6 ft 9 in), he plays at the power forward position.	Milan Mačvan	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Daniel Escobar Olivetti (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpaβlo eskoˈβar), born 12 July 1978) is a Paraguayan-born Bolivian footballer that currently plays for Bolivian Primera División club The Strongest as an attacking midfielder or second striker.	Pablo Daniel Escobar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tommy Robson (born 31 July 1944 in Gateshead, England) is a former English footballer who played as a left winger.	Tommy Robson	winger
position played on team / speciality	Jason Shoemark (born 5 February 1981 in Whangarei, New Zealand) is a professional rugby union player who serves as a centre for the Hawke's Bay in the ITM Cup.	Jason Shoemark	centre
position played on team / speciality	Adam Sollitt (born June 22, 1977) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper from 1995 to 2012.	Adam Sollitt	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Eduard Kakosyan (Armenian: Էդուարդ Կակոսյան, born on 4 June 1986), is an Armenian professional football midfielder.	Eduard Kakosyan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alyaksey Suchkow (Belarusian: Аляксей Сучкоў; Russian: Алексей Сучков; born 10 June 1981) is a Belarusian football midfielder who plays for Naftan Novopolotsk.	Alyaksey Suchkow	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nicolás Andrés Schenone Paz de Olivera (born April 24, 1986 in Montevideo), commonly known as Nicolás Schenone, is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Cerro Largo as a midfielder.	Nicolás Schenone	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manny Neves is a retired Portuguese-American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the North American Soccer League, United Soccer League, and Major Indoor Soccer League.	Manny Neves	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Gulan (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Гулан; born 23 March 1989) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Belgian club Royal Mouscron-Péruwelz, as a defender or midfielder.	Nikola Gulan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Agustín Rodríguez Santiago (born 10 September 1959 in Marín, Pontevedra, Galicia), known simply as Agustín, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Agustín Rodríguez Santiago	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jeong Seung-hyun (Hangul: 정승현; born 3 April 1994) is a South Korean footballer who plays as defender for Ulsan Hyundai in K League Classic.	Jeong Seung-hyun	defender
position played on team / speciality	Raúl Rico Ramírez (born April 12, 1981 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a defender for Delfines.	Raúl Rico	defender
position played on team / speciality	Quentin Beunardeau (born 27 February 1994 in Le Mans) is a French footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for French club AS Nancy in Ligue 2.	Quentin Beunardeau	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Luke Berry (born 12 July 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays for Cambridge United as a central midfielder.	Luke Berry	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Blake Watson (October 18, 1903, -- May 19, 1998) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger who played for the University of Manitoba Grads team that won the World Hockey Championship.	Blake Watson	winger
position played on team / speciality	Pat Sanderson (born 6 September 1977 in Chester) is a former England international rugby union player and a former flanker for Worcester.	Pat Sanderson	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Deian Boldor (born 3 February 1995) is a Romanian footballer of Serbian descent who plays for Virtus Lanciano as a defender.	Deian Boldor	defender
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Joseph Oboya Onyango (born on 19 February 1987), known as Patrick Oboya, is a Kenyan footballer who is currently plays for Kenyan Premier League side Tusker as a midfielder.	Patrick Oboya	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Luis Silva Araya (born January 7, 1991 in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean footballer, who plays as midfielder for Curicó Unido.	José Luis Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sunisa Srangthaisong (Thai: สุนิสา สร้างไธสง born 6 May 1988) is a Thai international footballer who plays as a defender.	Sunisa Srangthaisong	defender
position played on team / speciality	Cuthbert Storey (born 1878) was an English professional association footballer who played as an inside forward.	Cuthbert Storey	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Josep Maria Guzmán Cañas (born February 28, 1984 in Badalona, Catalonia) is a Spanish basketball player, playing the point guard position.	Josep Maria Guzmán	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Marcel Hossa (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈmartsɛl ˈɦosa); born October 12, 1981) is a Slovak professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for HC Plzeň in the Czech Extraliga.	Marcel Hossa	winger
position played on team / speciality	Rodrigo Pimpão Vianna or simply Rodrigo Pimpão (born October 23, 1987 in Curitiba), is a Brazilian forward who currently plays for Emirates Club.	Rodrigo Pimpão	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sajmir Gjokeja (born 31 March 1985) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as an offensive midfielder for Besëlidhja Lezhë in the Albanian First Division.	Sajmir Gjokeja	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nenad Novaković (Serbian Cyrillic: Heнaд Hoвaкoвић; born 14 July 1982 in Titovo Užice, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Nenad Novaković	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Deimantas Petravičius (born 2 September 1995) is a Lithuanian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Stevenage on loan Nottingham Forest and the Lithuania national senior team.	Deimantas Petravičius	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Harry Medhurst (5 February 1916 -- April 1984) was a footballer who played for Woking, West Ham United, Chelsea and Brighton as a goalkeeper.	Harry Medhurst	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Calderón de la Barca Perea (born 2 October 1934 - September 2012) was a Mexican football league forward.	Carlos Calderón de la Barca	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jozef Móder (born 19 September 1947) is a former Slovak football midfielder and later coach.	Jozef Móder	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ricardo Ferrero (5 April 1955 -- 16 November 2015) was an Argentine professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Cruz Azul, Barcelona and Racing de Santander.	Ricardo Ferrero	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Martin Arlofelt (born 25 January 1985) is a Danish former professional association football player in the defender position, who played in the Danish Superliga championship for HB Køge.	Martin Arlofelt	defender
position played on team / speciality	Geoff Merrick (born 29 April 1951) is an English former professional footballer who played as a central defender, making over 300 career appearances.	Geoff Merrick	defender
position played on team / speciality	Robert Bednarek (born February 23, 1979 in Bydgoszcz) is a Polish footballer (left defender).	Robert Bednarek	defender
position played on team / speciality	Orestes Júnior Alves (born 24 March 1981 in Lavras, Minas Gerais), known simply as Orestes, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender.	Orestes Júnior Alves	defender
position played on team / speciality	Christian Brink (born 17 March 1983) is a Norwegian footballer that plays for Sarpsborg 08 as a central defender.	Christian Brink	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fredy Henkyer Montero Muñoz (born 26 July 1987), known as Fredy Montero, is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Chinese club Tianjin Teda.	Fredy Montero	forward
position played on team / speciality	Edisson Jordanov (Bulgarian: Едисон Йорданов, born 8 June 1993) is a German-Bulgarian footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Stuttgarter Kickers.	Edisson Jordanov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Celso Otero Quintás (born February 1, 1959 in Montevideo) is a retired football goalkeeper from Uruguay, who obtained one official cap for the Uruguay national football team: on August 7, 1988 in a friendly against Colombia (1-2) in Bogotá.	Celso Otero	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lu Kun-chi (Chinese: 呂昆錡; pinyin: Lǚ Kūnqí, born February 6, 1985 in Tainan County (now part of Tainan City), Republic of China) is a Taiwanese football goalkeeper.	Lu Kun-chi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pietari Holopainen (born 26 September 1982) is a Finnish retired professional football defender who currently plays for the Veikkausliiga side KuPS in Finland.	Pietari Holopainen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Damian Rhodes (born May 28, 1969) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender.	Damian Rhodes	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Ray Farningham (born 10 April 1961 in Dundee) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a midfielder for a handful of Scottish clubs.	Ray Farningham	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lorenzo Prisco (born 16 February 1987 in Nocera Inferiore) is an Italian goalkeeper who currently plays for Pergocrema.	Lorenzo Prisco	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Peter Burridge (born 30 December 1933 in Harlow) is an English former footballer who played as an inside forward in the 1950s and 1960s.	Peter Burridge	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	César Alexis Canario (born 18 August 1987) is an Argentinian football forward playing with Huracan de Comodoro Rivadavia.	César Alexis Canario	forward
position played on team / speciality	Vesislav Ilchev (born 27 May 1977) is a Bulgarian football defender, who currently plays for Master Burgas in the Bulgarian V Football Group.	Vesislav Ilchev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Willie Iverson (born October 8, 1945 in Detroit, Michigan) is a retired professional basketball point guard who played one season in the American Basketball Association (ABA) as a member of the Miami Floridians during the 1968--69 season.	Willie Iverson	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Christophe Galtier (born 23 August 1966 in Marseille) is a French former football defender, who is currently the Head Coach of AS Saint-Étienne.	Christophe Galtier	defender
position played on team / speciality	Giuseppe Giannini (Italian pronunciation: (dʒuˈzɛppe dʒanˈnini); born 20 August 1964 in Rome) is a former Italian international footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Giuseppe Giannini	midfielder
present in work	Anne Shirley is a fictional character introduced in the 1908 novel Anne of Green Gables by Lucy Maud Montgomery.	Anne Shirley	Anne of Green Gables
present in work	Jimmy McNulty is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire, played by English actor Dominic West.	Jimmy McNulty	The Wire
present in work	Peleg (Hebrew: פֶּלֶג / פָּלֶג, Modern Péleg / Páleg Tiberian Péleḡ / Pāleḡ ; ``division'') is mentioned in the Hebrew Bible as one of the two sons of Eber, an ancestor of the Israelites, according to the ``Table of Nations'' in Genesis 10-11 and 1 Chronicles 1.	Peleg	Bible
present in work	Molly Walker, portrayed by Adair Tishler (original series) and Francesca Eastwood (Reborn), is a fictional character on the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes.	Molly Walker	Heroes
present in work	James Stenbeck is a fictional character on CBS's daytime drama As the World Turns.	James Stenbeck	As the World Turns
present in work	Other sources for this story, such as Ramayana, Mahabharata, Harivamsa and Matsya Purana, do not mention Durvasa's involvement at all and ascribe the incident to other causes, such as the devas' and asuras' desire for immortality.	Durvasa	Mahabharata
present in work	Oddjob has appeared in the James Bond video games GoldenEye 007 and 007:	Oddjob	GoldenEye 007
present in work	The story of Noah's Ark is told in the Torah in the Genesis flood narrative.	Noah	Genesis
present in work	Radagast appears in The Lord of the Rings and Unfinished Tales, and is mentioned in The Hobbit and The Silmarillion.	Radagast	The Lord of the Rings
present in work	The Killer Rabbit of Caerbannog is a fictional character in the Monty Python film Monty Python and the Holy Grail.	Rabbit of Caerbannog	Monty Python and the Holy Grail
present in work	Stan Beeman is a fictional character in the American television drama series The Americans on FX, and the supporting male character.	Stan Beeman	The Americans
present in work	Orpah (Hebrew: עָרְפָּה‎) is a woman mentioned in the Book of Ruth in the Hebrew Bible.	Orpah	Bible
present in work	As per the Mahabharata, Karna was the only warrior in that era who conquered the entire world.	Karna	Mahabharata
present in work	Megatron had conquered Cybertron by 2005 in the animated film, The Transformers: The Movie.	Megatron	The Transformers: The Movie
present in work	Zantafio is a recurring fictional antagonist in the Spirou et Fantasio comic book series.	Zantafio	Spirou et Fantasio
present in work	Count Orlok (German: Graf Orlok) is the main antagonist/titular character and a character portrayed by Max Schreck in the classic 1922 silent film Nosferatu, eine Symphonie des Grauens.	Count Orlok	Nosferatu
present in work	Wai Lin (Chinese 林慧) is a fictional character in the 1997 James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies, portrayed by Michelle Yeoh.	Wai Lin	Tomorrow Never Dies
present in work	Tessier-Ashpool is a fictional family appearing in William Gibson's Sprawl trilogy novels.	Tessier-Ashpool	Sprawl trilogy
publication date	Devar (film) is a 1966 Hindi film directed by Mohan Sehgal.	Devar	1966
publication date	Music in a Doll's House is the debut album by progressive rock group Family, released on 19 July 1968.	Music in a Doll's House	19 July 1968
publication date	A Goat's Tail is a 2006 British-Ghanaian film and is the directorial debut feature of Julius Amedume who also wrote the script.	A Goat's Tail	2006
publication date	The Silent Fall is a 2007 South African drama film set in and around Cape Town, focusing on the AIDS problem of Africa.	The Silent Fall	2007
publication date	Aatank Hi Aatank (Hindi: आतंक ही आतंक;English:Terror everywhere) is a 1995 Indian crime film was written, edited and directed by Dilip Shankar.	Aatank Hi Aatank	1995
publication date	Ragalaipuram is a 2013 Indian Tamil drama film directed by Mano, which is a remake of the 1991 Malayalam film Aanaval Mothiram.	Ragalaipuram	2013
publication date	Garbage Warrior is a 2007 film about architect Mike Reynolds, inventor of the Earthship style of building, directed by Oliver Hodge.	Garbage Warrior	2007
publication date	Hawmps! is a 1976 American film about a United States Cavalry experiment to introduce camels into the service in the western United States, specifically Wyoming.	Hawmps!	1976
publication date	The Great Divorce was first printed as a serial in an Anglican newspaper called The Guardian in 1944 and 1945, and soon thereafter in book form.	The Great Divorce	1945
publication date	Sky Soldiers is a vertical scrolling Shoot em'' Up developed by Alpha Denshi and released to arcades in 1988 by Romstar in North America and SNK in the rest of the world.	Sky Soldiers	1988
publication date	Tant d'amour perdu (Le insaziabili) is a 1958 French-Italian film.	Le insaziabili	1958
publication date	I Like to Play Games is a 1995 American erotic drama film directed by Moctezuma Lobato and written by David Keith Miller and it stars Lisa Boyle and Ken Steadman, with Jennifer Burton, Monique Noel, and Cheryl Rixon.	I Like to Play Games	1995
publication date	Two Guys from Milwaukee (UK title: Royal Flush) is a 1946 comedy film about a Balkan prince who wants to see for himself what America is really like.	Two Guys from Milwaukee	1946
publication date	The Terrornauts is a 1967 science fiction film produced by Amicus Productions.	The Terrornauts	1967
publication date	Killer's Paradise is a 2007 documentary exploring the high murder rate of women that has persisted unsolved in Guatemala since the end of the Guatemalan Civil War.	Killer's Paradise	2007
publication date	Las Pirañas aman en Cuaresma (English: The Piranhas love in Lent) is a 1969 Mexican drama film.	Las Pirañas aman en Cuaresma	1969
publication date	A Useful Life (Spanish: La vida útil) is a 2010 Uruguayan drama film about the love of film, directed by Federico Veiroj and shot in black-and-white.	A Useful Life	2010
publication date	The Beach Girls and the Monster (aka Monster from the Surf) is a horror and beach party film, released in 1965.	The Beach Girls and the Monster	1965
publication date	Life Partner is a 2009 Bollywood romantic comedy film.	Life Partner	2009
publication date	The Castanet Club is a 1991 Australian film starring the popular Newcastle cabaret troupe, The Castanet Club.	The Castanet Club	1991
publication date	Totally Bill Hicks is a video, originally released in 1994, documenting the life and comedy of Bill Hicks.	Totally Bill Hicks	1994
publication date	His Convict Bride is a 1918 Australian silent film from the team of John and Agnes Gavin.	His Convict Bride	1918
publication date	The Dawning is a 1988 British film, based on Jennifer Johnston's novel, The Old Jest which depicts the Irish War of Independence through the eyes of the Anglo-Irish landlord class.	The Dawning	1988
publication date	Rhymes for Young Ghouls is a 2013 Canadian drama film and the feature film debut of writer-director Jeff Barnaby.	Rhymes for Young Ghouls	2013
publication date	Slim Susie (Swedish: Smala Sussie) is a 2003 Swedish comedy crime film.	Slim Susie	2003
publication date	ThanksKilling is a 2008 horror comedy film written and directed by Jordan Downey, and co-written by Brad Schulz, Tony Wilson, Grant Yaffee, and Kevin Stewart.	ThanksKilling	2008
publication date	An American Rhapsody is a 2001 Hungarian-American biographical drama film that tells the story of a 15-year-old girl from a Hungarian-American family.	An American Rhapsody	2001
publication date	Tol'able David is a 1921 American silent film based on the Joseph Hergesheimer short story.	Tol'able David	1921
publication date	First published in 1998, the novel has been printed under a number of names, including The Sum of All Men, The Runelords, and The Runelords:	The Sum of All Men	1998
publication date	Return to Macon County is a 1975 sequel of the 1974 drive-in classic Macon County Line.	Return to Macon County	1975
publication date	Reunion in Vienna is a 1933 American Pre-Code romantic drama produced and distributed by MGM.	Reunion in Vienna	1933
publication date	The Caveman, also styled as The Cave Man, is a 1926 silent film comedy produced and distributed by Warner Bros..	The Caveman	1926
publication date	To Beat the Band is a 1935 American romantic comedy directed by Ben Stoloff using a screenplay by Rian James based on a story by George Marion, Jr..	To Beat the Band	1935
publication date	The Legend of Alfred Packer is a 1980 film by Jim Roberson from a script by Burton Raffel.	The Legend of Alfred Packer	1980
publication date	Trancers III is the second sequel of the Trancers series and went straight-to-video in 1992.	Trancers III	1992
publication date	Feudin', Fussin' and A-Fightin' (1948) is a musical comedy film from Universal Studios, starring Donald O'Connor.	Feudin', Fussin' and A-Fightin'	1948
publication date	Mother of the Shadows is an 1914 American short silent drama film directed by George Osborne and featuring Tsuru Aoki, Sessue Hayakawa, John Keller, Joe Goodboy and J. Barney Sherry in important roles.	Mother of the Shadows	1914
publication date	Banker Bilo is a 1980 Turkish language comedy film directed and produced by Ertem Egilmez.The film features Ilyas Salman, Meral Zeren, Sener Sen and Ahu Tugba in the lead role.	Banker Bilo	1980
publication date	Four Girls in Town is a 1957 film about four girls trying to be a movie star.	Four Girls in Town	1957
publication date	Sone Ki Lanka (English: Golden Island) is a 1992 Bollywood, Action film produced by Rajendra Patel on R.S.Films banner and directed by Ajay Kashyap.	Sone Ki Lanka	1992
publication date	A Trip to Paramountown is a 1922 American short silent documentary film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released through Paramount Pictures.	A Trip to Paramountown	1922
publication date	Recaptured Love is a 1930 early talkie pre-Code musical drama film based on the play Misdeal by Basil Woon about a man who experiences a mid life crisis that results in his divorce.	Recaptured Love	1930
publication date	Faces of Death V, released in 1995, is a direct-to-video release consisting of highlights from the earlier films.	Faces of Death V	1995
publication date	The Broken Wings is a 1962 film adaptation of the 1912 novel by Khalil Gibran.	The Broken Wings	1962
publication date	The Ivory Ape is a television action film produced by Rankin/Bass released in 1980.	The Ivory Ape	1980
publication date	For Chastity, or Namus Uğruna in Turkish, is a 1960 Turkish drama film directed and written by Osman F. Seden.	For Chastity	1960
publication date	Ride Out for Revenge is a 1957 American Western film.	Ride Out for Revenge	1957
publication date	Saviour of the Soul (alternative Chinese title 魔宮奇俠) is a 1991 Hong Kong martial arts action film.	Saviour of the Soul	1991
publication date	Undercover Mosque is a documentary programme produced by the independent television company Hardcash Productions for the Channel 4 series Dispatches which was first broadcast on 15 January 2007 in the UK.	Undercover Mosque	2007
publication date	The Heart of the Angel is a documentary made by director/producer Molly Dineen in 1989, before the 1992 renovation of the then 100-year-old Angel tube station on the London Underground.	Heart of the Angel	1989
publication date	Silent Scandals is a 2009 Nigerian romantic drama film written and produced by Vivian Ejike and directed by T.K. Falope, It stars Genevieve Nnaji, Majid Michel, Chelsea Eze, Uche Jombo and Ebele Okaro-Onyiuke.	Silent Scandals	2009
publication date	Soviet Encyclopedic Dictionary (Russian: Советский Энциклопедический Словарь, СЭС) is an omnibus encyclopedic dictionary published by Sovetskaya Entsiklopediya (1st edition in 1979, 2nd in 1982, 3rd in 1984, 4th in 1986).	Soviet Encyclopedic Dictionary	1979	1982	1984	1986
publication date	Cinerama Holiday is a 1955 film shot in Cinerama.	Cinerama Holiday	1955
publication date	Harjaee (meaning disloyal, unfaithful) is a 1981 Indian Bollywood film directed by Ramesh Behl.	Harjaee	1981
publication date	Paint and Powder is a surviving 1925 silent film produced and released by the Chadwick Film Company.	Paint and Powder	1925
publication date	Gangavathar is a 1942 Tamil-language film directed by C. K. Sathasivam and produced by Sundaram Sound Studio, Madras.	Gangavathar	1942
publication date	Young Jesse James is a 1960 American adventure film directed by William F. Claxton and written by Orville H. Hampton and Jerry Sackheim.	Young Jesse James	1960
publication date	Ethiraalikal is a 1982 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Jesey and produced by Sainaba Hassan.	Ethiraalikal	1982
publication date	Fortune Lane is a 1947 British family drama film directed by John Baxter and starring Douglas Barr, Billy Thatcher and Brian Weske.	Fortune Lane	1947
publication date	Be-Reham is a 1980 Indian Bollywood film directed by Raghunath Jhalani and produced by K.D. Shorey.	Be-Reham	1980
publication date	Down in San Diego is a 1941 American adventure film directed by Robert B. Sinclair and written by Franz Schulz and Harry Clork.	Down in San Diego	1941
publication date	Soldier Girls is a 1981 documentary film by Nick Broomfield and Joan Churchill about several women training in the US army.	Soldier Girls	1981
publication date	Chupi Chupi (English: Silently) is a 2013 film directed by Abir Bose and produced by Rakesh Shrivastav under the banner of Ma Sarada Chitra Mandir 2012 Production.	Chupi Chupi	2013
publication date	The Saturday Men is a 1962 British sports documentary about association football that follows a week in the life of West Bromwich Albion football club.	The Saturday Men	1962
publication date	Sasquatch Mountain (also called Devil on the Mountain) is a 2006 science fiction film produced by Grizzly Peak Productions for the Syfy channel, and directed by Steven R. Monroe.	Sasquatch Mountain	2006
publication date	Punk the Vote! (in French Punk le vote!) is a 73-minute 2006 Canadian documentary about the Canadian elections, and a hilarious and at the same time a critical take on Canadian politics punk-rock style, when two punks decide to run as independent candidates for the Canadian elections.	Punk the Vote!	2006
publication date	The Census Taker is a 1984 black comedy directed by Bruce R. Cook.	The Census Taker	1984
publication date	The Mummy's Ghost is the 1944 Universal Pictures sequel to The Mummy's Tomb.	The Mummy's Ghost	1944
publication date	The Grey Glove is a 1928 Australian silent film based on a newspaper serial by E. V. Timms.	The Grey Glove	1928
publication date	Crazy Little Thing (also known as The Perfect You) is a 2002 romantic comedy film written and directed by Matthew Miller.	Crazy Little Thing	2002
publication date	Rekreatur is Equilibrium's third full-length album, which was released on 18 June 2010.	Rekreatur	2010
publication date	In 2011, Scenes of a Crime won a Gotham Award for ``Best Film Not Playing At Theater Near You''.	Scenes of a Crime	2011
publication date	Pete on the Way to Heaven (Russian: Петя по дороге в Царствие Небесное, translit. Petia po doroge v tsarstvie nebesnoye) is a 2009 Russian drama film directed by Nikolai Dostal.	Pete on the Way to Heaven	2009
publication date	Madanakamarajan (Tamil: மதனகாமராஜன்) is a 1941 Tamil film directed by B. N .	Madanakamarajan	1941
publication date	Killer Tomatoes Eat France!, was released in 1991 as the third and most recent sequel to Attack of the Killer Tomatoes.	Killer Tomatoes Eat France	1991
publication date	The Black Panther's Cub is a 1921 American silent film melodrama produced by William K. Ziegfeld, Florence Ziegfeld's younger brother.	The Black Panther's Cub	1921
publication date	The Lazarus Child (entitled The Last Door in Canada) is a 2005 American drama film directed by Graham Theakston.	The Lazarus Child	2005
publication date	The Battle for Barking is a 2010 British documentary film, chronologically filming the campaign for the election of MP to the Barking constituency.	The Battle for Barking	2010
publication date	Witness 11 is a 2012 short dramatic film based on the testimony of renowned German poet and playwright, Bertolt Brecht, during the height of the 1940s Red Scare.	Witness 11	2012
publication date	Tarzan's Three Challenges (1963) is a British-American adventure film filmed in Metrocolor, which is a followup to 1962's Tarzan Goes to India.	Tarzan's Three Challenges	1963
publication date	The Atheism Tapes is a 2004 BBC television documentary series presented by Jonathan Miller.	The Atheism Tapes	2004
publication date	Innan filmen tagit slut is a Magnus Uggla live album, released in 2013.	Innan filmen tagit slut	2013
publication date	Motocross Kids a.k.a. Moto X Kids is a 2004 film directed by Richard Gabai, distributed by Tag Entertainment.	Motocross Kids	2004
publication date	Border Line is a 2002 drama film, and the feature film debut of Korean-Japanese film director Sang-il Lee.	Border Line	2002
publication date	Viva Buddy is an American animated short film, released September 29, 1934 (though one source gives as a date December 12).	Viva Buddy	1934
publication date	Snow White and the Huntsman is a 2012 dark fantasy action-adventure film based on the German fairy tale ``Snow White'' compiled by the Brothers Grimm.	Snow White and the Huntsman	2012
publication date	Ödipussi is a 1988 German comedy film, starring as well as written by Loriot, and the first of two films that he directed.	Ödipussi	1988
publication date	High School Big Shot is a 1959 film starring Tom Pittman as Marv Grant, a smart high school student whose plans for getting a college scholarship are threatened by his alcoholic father played by Malcolm Atterbury, and his relationship with the most popular girl in school.	High School Big Shot	1959
publication date	Barbie as Rapunzel is a 2002 direct-to-video Barbie film directed by Owen Hurley.	Barbie as Rapunzel	2002
publication date	Peter Pan & the Pirates is an American animated television series based on J.M. Barrie's Peter Pan that originally aired on Fox Broadcasting Company from September 8, 1990 to September 10, 1991.	Peter Pan & the Pirates	1990
publication date	Lonesome is a 1928 Part-talkie film by Hungarian-born American director Paul Fejös.	Lonesome	1928
publication date	Fate as a Rat (Bulgarian: Съдбата като плъх) is a 2001 Bulgarian film directed by Ivan Pavlov.	Fate as a Rat	2001
publication date	Raja Paarvai (Royal Gaze) (1981) is a Tamil language feature film directed by Singeetham Srinivasa Rao.	Raja Paarvai	1981
publication date	When I Came Home is a 2006 documentary directed by Dan Lohaus about homeless veterans in the United States - from those who served in Vietnam to those returning from the Iraq War.	When I Came Home	2006
publication date	Give a Man a Job is a short film produced in 1933 in conjunction with the National Recovery Administration in which audience members were encouraged to offer jobs to the unemployed in the midst of the Great Depression.	Give a Man a Job	1933
publication date	Sad Movie is a 2005 South Korean romantic melodrama film with a star-studded cast.	Sad Movie	2005
publication date	Ninja Apocalypse is a 2014 American martial arts film directed by Lloyd Lee Barnett, written by Ashley Scott Meyers, and starring Christian Oliver, Les Brandt, Tara Macken, Kaiwi Lyman, and Isaac C. Singleton Jr. as ninjas who are framed for the assassination of a respected clan leader (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa).	Ninja Apocalypse	2014
publication date	Yuddham Sei (English: Wage War) is a 2011 Indian Tamil crime thriller film written and directed by Myshkin.	Yuddham Sei	2011
publication date	Factory Boss (Chinese: 打工老板) is a 2014 Chinese film directed by Zhang Wei.	Factory Boss	2014
publication date	The Occult History of the Third Reich, narrated by Patrick Allen and directed by Dave Flitton, is a 1991 four-part History Channel documentary regarding the occult influences and history of Nazi Germany and early 20th century Germany.	The Occult History of the Third Reich	1991
publication date	A Sunday in Kigali (original French title: Un dimanche à Kigali) is a 2006 Canadian feature film set during the Rwandan genocide.	A Sunday in Kigali	2006
publication date	Wild Boys of the Road is a 1933 Pre-Code Depression-era American film telling the story of several teens forced into becoming hobos.	Wild Boys of the Road	1933
publication date	Seducing Mr. Perfect (Mr. 로빈 꼬시기), alternatively known as Seducing Mr. Robin, is a South Korean film, released on December 7, 2006.	Seducing Mr. Perfect	2006
publication date	Find a Way, Comrade (Snađi se druže) is a 1981 Croatian film directed by Berislav Makarović.	Find a Way, Comrade	1981
publication date	American Tag-Team Wrestling is a 1992 professional wrestling video game that was released for multiple platforms.	American Tag-Team Wrestling	1992
publication date	Ayúdeme usted compadre is a 1968 Chilean musical film directed by Germán Becker.	Ayúdeme usted compadre	1968
publication date	All You Need Is Cash (also known as The Rutles) is a 1978 television film that traces (in mockumentary style) the career of a fictitious British rock group called The Rutles.	All You Need Is Cash	1978
publication date	My Boss, My Teacher (Hangul: 투사부일체; RR: Tusabu-ilche) is a 2006 South Korean film and sequel to the 2001 film My Boss, My Hero.	My Boss, My Teacher	2006
publication date	Emergency Call Ambulance is a 1999 arcade game released by Sega.	Emergency Call Ambulance	1999
publication date	MXML is an XML-based user interface markup language first introduced by Macromedia in March 2004.	MXML	March 2004
publication date	Dollar for the Dead is a 1998 TNT western television film.	Dollar for the Dead	1998
publication date	``Paint It Black'' was released to the U.S. on 7 May 1966, reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100 during a stay of 11 weeks.	Paint It Black	7 May 1966
publication date	Chakravarthini is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Charles Ayyampally and produced by George Varghese.	Chakravarthini	1977
publication date	Guilty by Suspicion is a 1991 American drama film about the Hollywood blacklist and associated activities stemming from McCarthyism and the House Un-American Activities Committee.	Guilty by Suspicion	1991
publication date	La Brière (translated as Passion and Peat) is a 1923 novel by Alphonse de Chateaubriant that won the Grand prix du roman de l'Académie française for that year.	La Brière	1923
publication date	Kushi Kushiga (English: Happy Happily) is a 2004 Telugu film produced by Adityaram on Adityaram Movies banner, directed by G.Ram Prasad.	Kushi Kushiga	2004
publication date	Death of a Dynasty is a comedy film first screened in 2003.	Death of a Dynasty	2003
publication date	Bettada Huli (Kannada: ಬೆಟ್ಟದ ಹುಲಿ) is a 1965 Kannada action drama film directed and written by A.V. Sheshagiri Rao.	Bettada Huli	1965
publication date	Yorke released Tomorrow's Modern Boxes independently via a paid-for BitTorrent bundle on 26 September 2014.	Tomorrow's Modern Boxes	26 September 2014
publication date	An Adventure Through Time (of Portuguese, Uma Aventura no Tempo) is a 2007 Brazilian animated film based on the Monica's Gang comic books.	Uma Aventura no Tempo	2007
publication date	Sob Sister is a 1931 American romance film directed by Alfred Santell and written by Edwin J. Burke.	Sob Sister	1931
publication date	Little but Tough (Hungarian: Kicsi, de nagyon erös) is a 1989 Hungarian drama film directed by Ferenc Grunwalsky.	Little but Tough	1989
publication date	Jeremy Hardy Gives Good Sex is a 1995 comedic short film, which is about a guide to good sex, including 'Dr' Jeremy Hardy's comedy sketches.	Jeremy Hardy Gives Good Sex	1995
publication date	Kiss Me, Guido is a 1997 independent film comedy.	Kiss Me, Guido	1997
publication date	Charlie Ve'hetzi (aka - Charlie and a Half; Hebrew צ'ארלי וחצי) is a 1974 Israeli comedy and cult movie.	Charlie Ve'hetzi	1974
publication date	I Love You, Apple, I Love You, Orange is a 2013 American independent romantic comedy-drama film by Horam Kim.	I Love You, Apple, I Love You, Orange	2013
publication date	Chafed Elbows is a 1966 film directed by Robert Downey, Sr. A manic comic parody made for $12,000, Chafed Elbows was a commercial success that raised the flag of the underground film scene and elevated the good cause of bad taste.	Chafed Elbows	1966
publication date	Mohabbataan Sachiyaan is a 2007 Pakistani Punjabi musical romance film directed by Shehzad Rafiq and produced by Shafqat Chaudhary.	Mohabbataan Sachiyaan	2007
publication date	Kulirkaattu is a 1998 Indian Malayalam film directed by Sagar and starring Charmila in the lead roles.	Kulirkaattu	1998
publication date	Magnificent Roughnecks is a 1956 American comedy film directed by Sherman A. Rose and written by Stephen Kandel.	Magnificent Roughnecks	1956
publication date	Ramaiya Vastavaiya (Telugu: Ramayya,will you come? ; name of a popular Telugu folk song adopted by a 1950s Hindi film with same name and again re-adopted in 2013) is a 2013 Bollywood romance comedy film directed by Prabhudheva and produced by Kumar S. Taurani, under Tips.	Ramaiya Vastavaiya	2013
publication date	Tank Wars (also known as BOMB because of the file name) is an artillery game developed in 1990 by Kenneth Morse.	Tank Wars	1990
publication date	The Magnificent Concubine (pinyin: Yáng Guìfēi, lit. ``Yang Guifei'') is a 1962 Hong Kong drama film in color directed by Li Han Hsiang and is a remake of the Kenji Mizoguchi film Yōkihi (1955).	The Magnificent Concubine	1962
publication date	Dil Hai Ke Manta Nahin (English:The heart doesn't understand) is a 1991 Indian Hindi romantic drama film.	Dil Hai Ke Manta Nahin	1991
publication date	Charandas is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by B.S. Thapa, starring Om Prakash, Urmila Bhatt, Lakshmi (actress), Vikram Makandar, Farida Jalal, Raj Mehra, in lead roles.	Charandas	1977
publication date	Los dos apóstoles (``The Two Apostles'') is a 1964 Mexican comedy film.	Los dos apóstoles	1964
publication date	Chuck Moll (Italian: Ciakmull - L'uomo della vendetta, also known as Ciak Mull and The Unholy Four) is a 1970 Italian spaghetti western.	Chuck Moll	1970
publication date	Minotaur and Little Nerkin is a 1999 British animated short film created by Aardman Animations.	Minotaur and Little Nerkin	1999
publication date	Team Picture is a 2007 mumblecore drama film written and directed by filmmaker Kentucker Audley.	Team Picture	2007
publication date	Sunrise over Lake Van (Armenian: Vanatzovun Arshaluyse) is a 2011 Armenian drama film directed by Artak Igityan and Vahan Stepanyan.	Sunrise over Lake Van	2011
publication date	Dekh Magar Pyaar Say is a 2015 Pakistani romantic comedy film directed by Asad ul Haq and produced by Ali Murtaza under the production banner Shiny Toy Guns.	Dekh Magar Pyaar Say	2015
publication date	The D'Agapeyeff cipher is an as-yet unbroken cipher that appears in the first edition of Codes and Ciphers, an elementary book on cryptography published by the Russian-born English cryptographer and cartographer Alexander D'Agapeyeff in 1939.	D'Agapeyeff cipher	1939
publication date	Amor a la española (English: Love, Spanish Style) is a 1967 Spanish romantic comedy musical directed by Fernando Merino and script written by Alfonso Paso.	Amor a la española	1967
publication date	Aces 'N' Eights is a 2008 action/adventure western television movie from RHI Entertainment, starring Casper Van Dien, Bruce Boxleitner and Ernest Borgnine.	Aces 'N' Eights	2008
publisher	Glaring Through Oblivion was published by HarperCollins Publishers and printed in China, and released on March 22, 2011.	Glaring Through Oblivion	HarperCollins
publisher	Depression and Anxiety is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Solvay Pharmaceuticals.	Depression and Anxiety	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	The Australian Journal of Primary Health is a quarterly peer-reviewed healthcare journal published by CSIRO Publishing on behalf of the Australian Institute for Primary Care & Ageing (La Trobe University).	Australian Journal of Primary Health	CSIRO Publishing
publisher	Bass Hunter 64 is a single-player fishing video game for the Nintendo 64 developed by Gear Head Studios and published by Take-Two Interactive.	Bass Hunter 64	Take-Two Interactive
publisher	The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins is a children's book, written and illustrated by Theodor Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and published by Vanguard Press in 1938.	The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins	Vanguard Press
publisher	Germany 1985 is a computer wargame published in 1983 by Strategic Simulations, Inc. Developed by Roger Keating it was the first in the ``When Superpowers Collide'' series, and was followed by RDF 1985, Baltic 1985:	Germany 1985	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
publisher	Molecular Biology and Evolution is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal owned and edited by the Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution and published by Oxford University Press.	Molecular Biology and Evolution	Oxford University Press
publisher	The Structure of Scientific Revolutions was first published as a monograph in the International Encyclopedia of Unified Science, then as a book by University of Chicago Press in 1962.	The Structure of Scientific Revolutions	University of Chicago Press
publisher	Jet Impulse is a flight simulation video game developed by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS. It was first announced on May 9, 2006, at the pre-E3 Nintendo conference.	Jet Impulse	Nintendo
publisher	It is published by Elsevier and an official journal of the European Society of Toxicology in Vitro and affiliated with the American Association for Cellular and Computational Toxicology.	Toxicology in Vitro	Elsevier
publisher	Voyage into the Unknown is a game released by Mastertronic for the ZX Spectrum in 1984 written by Amoeba Software.	Voyage into the Unknown	Mastertronic
publisher	Brian Lara International Cricket 2005 (BLIC) (also known as Ricky Ponting Cricket in Australia and New Zealand) is a cricket video game from Codemasters, available on Xbox, PlayStation 2 and Windows PC platforms.	Brian Lara International Cricket 2005	Codemasters
publisher	Darah Muda (also known by the old spelling Darah Moeda, both meaning Young Blood) is a 1927 novel written by Indonesian writer Djamaluddin Adinegoro and published by Balai Pustaka.	Darah Muda	Balai Pustaka
publisher	Magicland Dizzy is a platform adventure game published in Europe in 1990 by Codemasters for the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64 and Amiga platforms.	Magicland Dizzy	Codemasters
publisher	Karate Champ, known in Japan as Karate Dō (空手道 ``The Way of the Empty Hand''), is a 1984 arcade fighting game developed by Technōs Japan for Data East.	Karate Champ	Data East
publisher	Gun Dealer is a 1990 arcade game released by the Korean distributor Dooyong.	Gun Dealer	Dooyong
publisher	Five Quarters of the Orange is a novel by Joanne Harris first published by Doubleday in 2001.	Five Quarters of the Orange	Doubleday
publisher	ACS Catalysis is a monthly online peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 2011 by the American Chemical Society.	ACS Catalysis	American Chemical Society
publisher	Dizzy Down the Rapids is an arcade style action video game that was published in 1991 by Codemasters for the Amstrad CPC, Spectrum, DOS, Atari ST, Commodore 64 and Amiga.	Dizzy Down the Rapids	Codemasters
publisher	The Alamut series consists of the two fantasy books Alamut (Doubleday, 1989) and The Dagger and the Cross (Doubleday, 1991) by Judith Tarr.	Alamut series	Doubleday
publisher	Advances in Chemical Physics is a peer reviewed, scientific journal in the fields of chemistry and physics and related interdisciplinary fields (e.g. biophysics) published by John Wiley & Sons.	Advances in Chemical Physics	John Wiley & Sons
publisher	Alien Front Online is a 2001 video game released for the Sega Dreamcast exclusively in North America.	Alien Front Online	Sega
publisher	Master Chu and the Drunkard Hu (Chinese: 盜帥楚留香; pinyin: Dào Shuài Chu Liúxiāng, lit. ``Chu Liuxiang: Bandit Chief'') is a platform video game released in Asia and in North America for the NES by Joy Van in 1989 and was published by Color Dreams for the North American release.	Master Chu and the Drunkard Hu	Color Dreams
publisher	Defeat into Victory is an account of the retaking of Burma by Allied forces during the Second World War by the British Field Marshal William Slim and published in the UK by Cassell in 1956.	Defeat into Victory	Cassell
publisher	20th Century Ghosts is the first publication made by American author Joe Hill in October 2005 by PS Publishing which is based in the United Kingdom.	20th Century Ghosts	PS Publishing
publisher	The Shipping News is a novel by American author E. Annie Proulx, published by Charles Scribner's Sons in 1993.	The Shipping News	Charles Scribner's Sons
publisher	A Gun for Dinosaur and Other Imaginative Tales is a short story collection by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp, first published in hardback by Doubleday in 1963, and in paperback by Curtis Books in 1969.	A Gun for Dinosaur and Other Imaginative Tales	Doubleday
publisher	The Revista Colombiana de Química (English: Colombian Journal of Chemistry) is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal on chemistry published by the National University of Colombia.	Revista Colombiana de Química	National University of Colombia
publisher	The Electronic Journal of Probability is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the Bernoulli Society.	Electronic Journal of Probability	Institute of Mathematical Statistics
publisher	The Journal of Conservative Dentistry is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Federation of Operative Dentistry (India).	Journal of Conservative Dentistry	Medknow Publications
publisher	The Journal of Biological Systems was founded in 1993 and is published quarterly by World Scientific.	Journal of Biological Systems	World Scientific
publisher	An Annotated Checklist of the Birds of the Oriental Region is a 1996 softback book published by the Oriental Bird Club, and authored by Tim Inskipp, Nigel Lindsey and Will Duckworth.	An Annotated Checklist of the Birds of the Oriental Region	Oriental Bird Club
publisher	Nature Materials, is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Nature Publishing Group.	Nature Materials	Nature Publishing Group
publisher	Son of Blagger, the sequel to Blagger, is a scrolling platform game created by Tony Crowther and released by Alligata for the Commodore 64 computer in 1983.	Son of Blagger	Alligata
record label	Sunshine State of Mind was released through S-Curve Records on July 5, 2011 on iTunes and July 12 everywhere else.	Sunshine State of Mind	S-Curve Records
record label	``Send One Your Love'' is a 1979 soul single by American and Motown musician and singer Stevie Wonder.	Send One Your Love	Motown
record label	The Rolling Stones, Now! is the third American studio album by the Rolling Stones, released in 1965 by their initial American distributor, London Records.	The Rolling Stones, Now!	London Records
record label	Soft Airplane is the third album by Chad VanGaalen, released in 2008 on Flemish Eye and Sub Pop. It was VanGaalen's first album to consist entirely of songs newly recorded for the album; his prior releases compiled tracks from a library of home recordings he had made over a number of years.	Soft Airplane	Flemish Eye
record label	``Kamen/Mirai Kōkai'' is Tackey & Tsubasa's fifth single under the Avex Trax label.	Kamen/Mirai Kōkai	Avex Trax
record label	Undun is the tenth studio album by American hip hop band The Roots, released on December 2, 2011, by Def Jam Recordings.	Undun	Def Jam Recordings
record label	Beast Within is the second studio album by the Finnish symphonic metal band Katra, released on August 29, 2008 through the independent record label Napalm Records.	Beast Within	Napalm Records
record label	The Ethiopia Federal Democratic Unity Forum (Amharic: ኢትዮጵያ ፌደራል ደሞችራትች ኡንትይ ፎሩም; abbreviated as FORUM? is a political party in Ethiopia. Moga Frissa is the chairman of the party. The election symbol of the party is five fingers. FORUM fielded 270 candidates for the 2015 Ethiopian general election.	Ethiopia Federal Democratic Unity Forum	political party
record label	100% Ginuwine is the second studio album from American R&B artist Ginuwine, released March 16, 1999, on 550 Music and distributed through Epic Records.	100% Ginuwine	550 Music	Epic Records
record label	Ballads of the Hills and Plains is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams, Jr. The album was issued by MGM Records as number E/SE 4316.	Ballads of the Hills and Plains	MGM Records
record label	Travelin' at the Speed of Thought is a 1977 album by American R&B group The O'Jays, released on the Philadelphia International Records label.	Travelin' at the Speed of Thought	Philadelphia International Records
record label	Ballads from the Revolution is the third album by the Santa Cruz, California-based hardcore punk band Good Riddance, released February 10, 1998 through Fat Wreck Chords.	Ballads from the Revolution	Fat Wreck Chords
record label	Fame and Wealth is a 1983 album by Loudon Wainwright III. It was originally released on Rounder Records.	Fame and Wealth	Rounder Records
record label	Freaks & Icons is the debut album from the Vienna-based artists dZihan & Kamien, released on May 8, 2000, on Couch Records in Europe and on October 10, 2000, on Six Degrees Records in the USA.	Freaks & Icons	Six Degrees Records
record label	Dance of the Idiots is the first Koby Israelite album to be released on the Tzadik Records imprint in 2003.	Dance of the Idiots	Tzadik Records
record label	Inevitable Collapse in the Presence of Conviction is NOLA sludge metal band Soilent Green's fifth album, released through Metal Blade Records on April 15, 2008.	Inevitable Collapse in the Presence of Conviction	Metal Blade Records
record label	Doris Day's Sentimental Journey is a Doris Day album, released by Columbia Records on July 12, 1965 as a monophonic LP (catalog number CL-2360) and a stereophonic album (catalog number CS-9160).	Doris Day's Sentimental Journey	Columbia Records
record label	Start Something is the second studio album by the Welsh alternative metal band Lostprophets, released on 2 February 2004 through Visible Noise in the United Kingdom and South Korea.	Start Something	Visible Noise
record label	As Long as There's Music is an album of duets by bassist Charlie Haden and pianist Hampton Hawes recorded in 1976 and released on the Artists House label in 1978.	As Long as There's Music	Artists House
record label	Pinker and Prouder Than Previous is a 1988 album by British singer-songwriter Nick Lowe and was released on the Columbia Records label.	Pinker and Prouder Than Previous	Columbia Records
record label	Secondathallam is the second solo album by Canadian singer-songwriter Andre Ethier, released in August 2006 on Paper Bag Records within North America.	Secondathallam	Paper Bag Records
record label	Seek Magic is the first studio album of Dayve Hawke, under the alias of Memory Tapes.	Seek Magic	album	Memory Tapes
record label	All Hands on the Bad One is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Sleater-Kinney, released on May 2, 2000 by Kill Rock Stars.	All Hands on the Bad One	Kill Rock Stars
record label	Beard, Wives, Denim is the fourth album by Australian psychedelic rock band Pond, released by Modular Recordings on 2 March 2012 in Australia.	Beard, Wives, Denim	Modular Recordings
record label	Released through YBNL Nation with studio production from Pheelz, Young Jonn, B Banks and I.D. Cabasa, Eyan Mayweather is the follow up to 2 Kings, a collaborative album by Olamide and Phyno.	Eyan Mayweather	YBNL Nation
record label	Use Your Brain is Clawfinger's second album released in 1995 by MVG Records and Warner Music Group.	Use Your Brain	Warner Music Group
record label	The Streets Made Me is the second studio album by American rapper Soulja Slim, released on No Limit Records.	The Streets Made Me	No Limit Records
record label	The Magic of Youth is the ninth studio album from Boston ska punk band The Mighty Mighty Bosstones, released on December 6, 2011 on Big Rig Records.	The Magic of Youth	Big Rig Records
record label	Castor, the Twin is a remix album by Dessa, a member of Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree.	Castor, the Twin	Doomtree
record label	Quik Is the Name is the debut studio album by American hip hop artist and producer DJ Quik, released by Profile Records on January 15, 1991.	Quik Is the Name	Profile Records
record label	Time and a Word is the second studio album from the progressive rock band Yes, released in July 1970 on Atlantic Records.	Time and a Word	Atlantic Records
record label	Children of the Black Sun is a studio album by Non, the primary project of musician Boyd Rice, released by Mute Records in 2002.	Children of the Black Sun	Mute Records
record label	On the Ellipse is the sixth album by Bardo Pond and first for ATP Recordings.	On the Ellipse	ATP Recordings
record label	Sama Layuca is a studio album by American jazz pianist McCoy Tyner, released in 1974 by Milestone Records.	Sama Layuca	Milestone Records
record label	Occupational Hazard is Unsane's fourth studio album, released on January 27, 1998 through Relapse Records.	Occupational Hazard	Relapse Records
record label	Tsukiyo no Ame (Rain on a moonlit night) is Jun Shibata's fifth studio album and the first with Victor Entertainment.	Tsukiyo no Ame	Victor Entertainment
record label	At Yankee Stadium is the sixth studio album from NRBQ (New Rhythm and Blues Quartet), released in 1978 on Mercury Records.	At Yankee Stadium	Mercury Records
record label	Sex & Religion is a studio album by guitarist Steve Vai, released under the band name ``Vai'' on July 23, 1993 through Relativity Records.	Sex & Religion	Relativity Records
record label	Petitioning the Empty Sky was originally released through Ferret Music in 1996 and was also one of the earliest albums released through the newly formed label.	Petitioning the Empty Sky	Ferret Music
record label	``The One Who Really Loves You'' is a single recorded by Mary Wells on the Motown label in 1962.	The One Who Really Loves You	Motown
record label	Downtown Church is the sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Patty Griffin, released on January 26, 2010, by Credential Recordings, a Christian label distributed by EMI.	Downtown Church	Credential Recordings
record label	What Comes Naturally is singer-songwriter Sheena Easton's eleventh studio album, released in 1991 on MCA Records.	What Comes Naturally	MCA Records
record label	``2 + 2 = ?'' (spoken as ``two plus two equals what'') is a single from The Bob Seger System on their debut album Ramblin' Gamblin' Man, released in January 1968, on Capitol Records.	2 + 2 = ?	Capitol Records
record label	``Too Many Fish in the Sea'' is a 1964 hit song recorded by Motown singing group The Marvelettes.	Too Many Fish in the Sea	Motown
record label	Luv' Hitpack is the seventeenth single by Dutch girl group Luv' released in 1989 by Mercury Records/Phonogram Records and is a Megamix conceived by Peter Slaghuis.	Luv' Hitpack	Mercury Records	Phonogram Records
record label	The Great Milenko is the fourth studio album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse, released on August 12, 1997, by Hollywood Records, in association with Psychopathic Records.	The Great Milenko	Psychopathic Records
record label	Pilot Talk is the third studio album by rapper Curren$y. It was to be the first released under the newly re-launched Roc-A-Fella Records by Damon Dash and distributed through Def Jam Recordings.	Pilot Talk	Roc-A-Fella Records	Def Jam Recordings
screenwriter	La ilusión viaja en tranvía (English: Illusion Travels by Streetcar) is a 1954 Mexican film, written by Luis Alcoriza and directed by Luis Buñuel.	Illusion Travels by Streetcar	Luis Alcoriza
screenwriter	My Night at Maud's (French: Ma nuit chez Maud) is a 1969 French drama film by Éric Rohmer.	My Night at Maud's	Éric Rohmer
screenwriter	The Crossing Guard is a 1995 independent thriller directed and written by American actor Sean Penn.	The Crossing Guard	Sean Penn
screenwriter	Pokiri (English: Rogue) is a 2006 Indian Telugu action film, written and directed by Puri Jagannadh.	Pokiri	Puri Jagannadh
screenwriter	Syriana is a 2005 geopolitical thriller film written and directed by Stephen Gaghan, and executive produced by George Clooney, who also stars in the film with an ensemble cast.	Syriana	Stephen Gaghan
screenwriter	Life Stinks is a 1991 comedy-drama directed by and starring Mel Brooks.	Life Stinks	Mel Brooks
screenwriter	Mr. and Mrs. Iyer is a 2002 Indian drama film written and directed by Aparna Sen and produced by N. Venkatesan.	Mr. and Mrs. Iyer	Aparna Sen
screenwriter	Attenberg is a Greek drama film, written and directed by Athina Rachel Tsangari.	Attenberg	Athina Rachel Tsangari
screenwriter	The Pride of New York is a lost 1917 American silent war drama film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring his brother George Walsh.	The Pride of New York	Raoul Walsh
screenwriter	Wild Reeds (French: Les Roseaux sauvages) is a 1994 French drama film directed by André Téchiné, about the sensitive passage into adulthood and the awakening of sexuality in four youths at the end of the Algerian War.	Wild Reeds	André Téchiné
screenwriter	Dream of a Summer Night (Italian: Sogno di una notte d'estate, also spelled as Dream of a Summer's Night) is a 1983 Italian musical film written and directed by Gabriele Salvatores, at his directorial debut.	Dream of a Summer Night	Gabriele Salvatores
screenwriter	The Ignorant Fairies (Italian: Le fate ignoranti; released on DVD in the US as His Secret Life) is a 2001 Italian drama film directed by Turkish-Italian film director Ferzan Özpetek.	The Ignorant Fairies	Ferzan Özpetek
screenwriter	The Fourth State (German: Die Vierte Macht) is a 2012 German film directed by Dennis Gansel and starring Moritz Bleibtreu, Kasia Smutniak, Max Riemelt, Rade Serbedzija, Mark Ivanir and Isabella Vinet.	The Fourth State	Dennis Gansel
screenwriter	``Live from Studio 6H'' was co-written by series creator, executive producer, and lead actress Fey and co-showrunner and screenwriter and producer Jack Burditt.	Live from Studio 6H	Jack Burditt
screenwriter	The Valet (French: La Doublure) is a 2006 French comedy film written and directed by Francis Veber and starring Gad Elmaleh, Alice Taglioni, Daniel Auteuil, and Kristin Scott Thomas.	The Valet	Francis Veber
screenwriter	Man with the Screaming Brain is a 2005 science fiction/slapstick film co-written, produced, directed by and starring Bruce Campbell.	Man with the Screaming Brain	Bruce Campbell
screenwriter	The Witnesses (French: Les Témoins) is a 2007 French drama film directed by André Téchiné, starring Michel Blanc, Sami Bouajila, Emmanuelle Béart and Johan Libéreau.	The Witnesses	André Téchiné
screenwriter	About Cherry is a 2012 drama film and the directorial début of Stephen Elliott.	About Cherry	Stephen Elliott
screenwriter	The screenplay by Romain Gary and Patrick Leigh Fermor is based on Romain Gary's 1956 Prix Goncourt winning novel The Roots of Heaven (Les racines du ciel).	The Roots of Heaven	Romain Gary	Patrick Leigh Fermor
screenwriter	Long Live Freedom (Italian: Viva la libertà) is a 2013 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Roberto Andò.	Long Live Freedom	Roberto Andò
screenwriter	The Englishman and the Girl was a 1910 short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith.	The Englishman and the Girl	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	Pensiero d'amore (Italian for Thought of love) is a 1969 Italian musicarello film directed by Mario Amendola and starring Mal and Silvia Dionisio.	Pensiero d'amore	Mario Amendola
screenwriter	Based on the novel Anthony Adverse by Hervey Allen, with a screenplay by Sheridan Gibney, the film is about an orphan whose debt to the man who raised him threatens to separate him forever from the woman he loves.	Anthony Adverse	Sheridan Gibney
screenwriter	Bubù (also known as Bubu) is a 1971 Italian historical drama film directed by Mauro Bolognini.	Bubù	Mauro Bolognini
screenwriter	Maniac Cop 2 is a 1990 American action horror film directed by William Lustig and written by Larry Cohen.	Maniac Cop 2	Larry Cohen
screenwriter	Rover Dangerfield is a 1991 American animated musical comedy film produced by Hyperion Animation and released by Warner Bros., starring the voice talents of comedian Rodney Dangerfield, who also wrote and co-produced the film.	Rover Dangerfield	Rodney Dangerfield
screenwriter	I diavoli di Spartivento (also known as Weapons of Vengeance, Weapons of War, The Devils of Spartivento,Arms of the Avenger, Curse of the Haunted Forest and The Fighting Legions) is a 1963 Italian adventure film directed by Leopoldo Savona and starring John Drew Barrymore and Scilla Gabel.	I diavoli di Spartivento	Leopoldo Savona
screenwriter	Sunday Heroes (Italian: Gli eroi della domenica) is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Mario Camerini.	Sunday Heroes	Mario Camerini
screenwriter	La seconda notte di nozze (internationally released as The Second Wedding Night) is an Italian comedy-drama film directed by Pupi Avati.	The Second Wedding Night	Pupi Avati
screenwriter	On purge bébé (Baby's Laxative) is Jean Renoir's first sound film.	On purge bébé	Jean Renoir
screenwriter	À propos de Nice is a 1930 silent short documentary film directed by Jean Vigo and photographed by Boris Kaufman.	À propos de Nice	Jean Vigo	Boris Kaufman
screenwriter	Seven Blood-Stained Orchids (Italian: Sette orchidee macchiate di rosso) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Umberto Lenzi.	Seven Blood-Stained Orchids	Umberto Lenzi
screenwriter	Life Is a Bed of Roses (French: La vie est un roman) is a 1983 French film directed by Alain Resnais from a screenplay by Jean Gruault.	Life Is a Bed of Roses	Jean Gruault
screenwriter	Getting Home (simplified Chinese: 落叶归根; traditional Chinese: 落葉歸根; pinyin: Lùo yè gūi gēn) is a 2007 Chinese comedy/drama film directed by Zhang Yang and starring Chinese comedian Zhao Benshan.	Getting Home	Zhang Yang
screenwriter	Noor pensionär (Estonian; English: A Young Retiree) is an Estonian comedy film from 1972, directed by Sulev Nõmmik and written by himself and Enn Vetemaa.	Noor pensionär	Enn Vetemaa
screenwriter	J.A. Martin Photographer (French: J.A. Martin photographe) is a 1977 Canadian drama film directed by Jean Beaudin.	J.A. Martin Photographer	Jean Beaudin
screenwriter	Hallam Foe is a 2007 British drama film directed by David Mackenzie based on the novel written by Peter Jinks.	Hallam Foe	David Mackenzie
screenwriter	Die große Liebe (The Great Love) is a German drama film of the National Socialist period, made by Rolf Hansen, starring Zarah Leander and Viktor Staal.	Die große Liebe	Rolf Hansen
screenwriter	The Very Private Life of Mister Sim (original title: La Vie très privée de Monsieur Sim; also known as The Terrible Privacy of Mr. Sim) is a 2015 French comedy-drama film directed by Michel Leclerc and starring Jean-Pierre Bacri.	The Very Private Life of Mister Sim	Michel Leclerc
screenwriter	Marrying Mr. Perfect (Chinese: 嫁個100分男人) is a 2012 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Wong Jing.	Marrying Mr. Perfect	Wong Jing
screenwriter	Fixed Bayonets! (1951) is a war film written and directed by Samuel Fuller and produced by Twentieth Century-Fox during the Korean War.	Fixed Bayonets!	Samuel Fuller
screenwriter	The Devil's Carnival is a 2012 musical horror film directed by Darren Lynn Bousman starring Sean Patrick Flannery, Briana Evigan, Jessica Lowndes, Paul Sorvino, Emilie Autumn and Terrance Zdunich.	The Devil's Carnival	Terrance Zdunich
screenwriter	The Devil's Backbone (Spanish: El espinazo del diablo) is a 2001 Spanish-Mexican gothic horror film directed by Guillermo del Toro, and written by del Toro, Antonio Trashorras and David Muñoz.	The Devil's Backbone	Guillermo del Toro	David Muñoz
screenwriter	The Peddler and the Lady (Italian title:Campo de' fiori) is a 1943 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Bonnard and starring Caterina Boratto, Cristiano Cristiani and Peppino De Filippo.	The Peddler and the Lady	Mario Bonnard
screenwriter	You're Not You is a 2014 American drama film directed by George C. Wolfe and written by Jordan Roberts and Shana Feste, based on a novel of the same name by Michelle Wildgen.	You're Not You	Shana Feste
screenwriter	Tales from the Hood is a 1995 horror anthology film directed by Rusty Cundieff, and executive produced by Spike Lee.	Tales from the Hood	Rusty Cundieff
screenwriter	Room 666 (French: Chambre 666) is a 1982 documentary film directed by German film director Wim Wenders.	Room 666	Wim Wenders
screenwriter	Ali Baba and the Seven Saracens (Italian: Sindbad contro i sette saraceni, also known as Sinbad Against the 7 Saracens) is a 1964 Italian adventure film written and directed by Emimmo Salvi and starring Gordon Mitchell.	Ali Baba and the Seven Saracens	Emimmo Salvi
screenwriter	Cyrano and d'Artagnan (French: Cyrano et d'Artagnan) is a 1964 French adventure film directed by Abel Gance, starring José Ferrer and Jean-Pierre Cassel.	Cyrano and d'Artagnan	Abel Gance
screenwriter	The Wind's Fierce (Spanish: La cólera del viento, Italian: La collera del vento, also known as Revenge of Trinity, Trinity Sees Red and The Wind's Anger) is a 1970 Spanish-Italian western-drama film written and directed by Mario Camus.	The Wind's Fierce	Mario Camus
screenwriter	Mare matto, also known as Mad Sea and Crazy Sea, is a 1963 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Renato Castellani.	Mare matto	Renato Castellani
screenwriter	Written by Martin Olson and Jon Colton Barry, ``The Monster of Phineas-n-Ferbenstein'' was directed by Zac Moncrief.	The Monster of Phineas-n-Ferbenstein	Martin Olson
screenwriter	Tilaï (``The Law'') is a 1990 award-winning Burkinabé drama film co-written, co-produced, and directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo.	Tilaï	Idrissa Ouedraogo
series	Conan the Usurper is a 1967 collection of four fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.	Conan the Usurper	Conan the Barbarian
series	``Welcome to Korea'' was a 2-episode story arc, the 73rd and 74th episodes of the M*A*S*H television series, and first two episodes of the fourth season of the series.	Welcome to Korea	M*A*S*H
series	The Uplift War is a 1987 science fiction novel by David Brin and the third book of six set in his Uplift Universe.	The Uplift War	Uplift Universe
series	``Moe Baby Blues'' is the 22nd and final episode of the fourteenth season of The Simpsons.	Moe Baby Blues	The Simpsons
series	The Tenth Planet is the partly missing second serial of the fourth season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in four weekly parts from 8 to 29 October 1966.	The Tenth Planet	Doctor Who
series	The Empty Throne is the eighth historical novel in The Saxon Stories series by Bernard Cornwell, first published in October 2014.	The Empty Throne	The Saxon Stories
series	``Four Walls and a Roof'' is the third episode of the fifth season of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead, which aired on AMC on October 26, 2014.	Four Walls and a Roof	The Walking Dead
series	``Captain's Holiday'' is the 19th episode of the third season of the syndicated American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, and the 67th episode of the series overall.	Captain's Holiday	Star Trek: The Next Generation
series	``Ye Gods'' is the second segment of the fifth episode of the first season (1985--86) from the television series The Twilight Zone.	Ye Gods	The Twilight Zone
series	Dark Horizon is the sequel to Tarr Chronicles.	Dark Horizon	Tarr Chronicles
series	Second Stage Lensmen is the fifth volume in the Lensman series, and the last to feature Kimball Kinnison as the most powerful Lensman in the service of the Galactic Patrol.	Second Stage Lensmen	Lensman series
series	``Livin' the Dream'' is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series The Office and the 197th episode overall.	Livin' the Dream	The Office
series	``Cartman's Incredible Gift'' is episode 124 of the Comedy Central series South Park.	Cartman's Incredible Gift	South Park
series	Down Beat Bear is a 1956 one reel animated Tom and Jerry cartoon, directed and produced by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera with music by Scott Bradley.	Down Beat Bear	Tom and Jerry
series	By the Light of the Green Star, published in 1974, is the third novel of Lin Carter's Green Star Series.	By the Light of the Green Star	Green Star Series
series	``Lady & Peebles'' is the nineteenth episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.	Lady & Peebles	Adventure Time
series	``The One with the Sonogram at the End'' is the second episode of the NBC television series Friends.	The One with the Sonogram at the End	Friends
series	``A Losing Streak'' is the third episode of series 2 of the BBC sitcom, Only Fools and Horses.	A Losing Streak	Only Fools and Horses
series	Golden Wings and Other Stories is a collection of fantasy short stories by William Morris, first published in trade paperback by the Newcastle Publishing Company in March 1976 as the eighth volume of the celebrated Newcastle Forgotten Fantasy Library.	Golden Wings and Other Stories	Newcastle Forgotten Fantasy Library
series	``When You Wish Upon a Weinstein'' is the twenty-second episode of Family Guy's third season, and the original series finale.	When You Wish Upon a Weinstein	Family Guy
series	Les chapeaux noirs, album in the Belgian comic series Spirou et Fantasio, released in 1952.	Les chapeaux noirs	Spirou et Fantasio
series	Nightmare Academy is a 2002 Christian fictional novel by Frank Peretti and the second novel in the Veritas Project series authored by Frank Peretti.	Nightmare Academy	Veritas Project
series	Erasing Sherlock is an original novel by Kelly Hale set in the Faction Paradox universe.	Erasing Sherlock	Faction Paradox
series	``Future's End'' is a two-part episode from the third season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Voyager, the eighth and ninth of the season and the 50th and 51st overall.	Future's End	Star Trek: Voyager
series	``The Courtship of Betty's Father'' is the 14th episode in the third season, the 55th episode overall, of the American Dramedy series Ugly Betty, which aired on February 12, 2009.	The Courtship of Betty's Father	Ugly Betty
series	The Dominators is the first serial of the sixth season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which originally aired in five weekly parts from 10 August to 7 September 1968.	The Dominators	Doctor Who
series	The Hollowing is the third fantasy novel of the Mythago Wood series written by Robert Holdstock.	The Hollowing	Mythago Wood
series	Dead Until Dark, published in 2001, is the first novel in Charlaine Harris' series The Southern Vampire Mysteries.	Dead Until Dark	The Southern Vampire Mysteries
series	``'Penny-Wiseguys'' is the fifth episode of the 24th season of The Simpsons and the 513th overall.	Penny-Wiseguys	The Simpsons
series	Gregor and the Curse of the Warmbloods is an epic fantasy novel, and the third book in The Underland Chronicles by Suzanne Collins.	Gregor and the Curse of the Warmbloods	The Underland Chronicles
series	People Are Bunny is a 1959 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon, directed by Robert McKimson, starring Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck.	People Are Bunny	Merrie Melodies
sex or gender	Liu Zhixin (simplified Chinese: 刘智新; traditional Chinese: 劉智新; pinyin: Liú Zhìxīn; born April 25, 1993 in Qiqihar, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese female ice hockey player.	Liu Zhixin	female
sex or gender	Amy Johnson, CBE (1 July 1903 -- 5 January 1941) was a pioneering English aviatrix and was the first female pilot to fly alone from Britain to Australia.	Amy Johnson	female
sex or gender	Malia Manuel is a current female professional surfer from Kauai, Hawaii.	Malia Manuel	female
sex or gender	Delara Darabi (Persian: دلارا دارابى‎‎) (S29 September 1986 -- 1 May 2009) was an Iranian Gilaki woman who was sentenced to death after having been convicted of murdering her father's female cousin in 2003.	Delara Darabi	female
sex or gender	Kari Seitz (born November 2, 1970) is an American professional soccer referee, considered one of the most experienced female referees in the world.	Kari Seitz	female
sex or gender	Menelaus continually revisits the human cost of the Trojan War, particularly in light of the fact that he and Helen have no male heir.	Menelaus	male
sex or gender	Ellen Churchill Semple (January 8, 1863 -- May 8, 1932) was an American geographer and the first female president of the Association of American Geographers.	Ellen Churchill Semple	female
sex or gender	Hanan Ahmed Khaled (Arabic: حنان احمد خالد‎; born 23 March 1963) is an Egyptian female former track and field athlete, who specialised in the shot put and discus throw events.	Hanan Ahmed Khaled	female
sex or gender	Óscar Peñas García (born 17 November 1974 in Madrid) is a male judoka from Spain, who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics: 2000, 2004, and 2008.	Óscar Peñas	male
sex or gender	The wider context of these remarks, describing the physical intimacy open to male pairs, indicates that the love exemplified by Orestes and Pylades would not necessarily have excluded even more overt homoerotic or homosexual elements.	Orestes	male
sex or gender	Katsuhiko Matsuda (Japanese: 松田 克彦; born May 10, 1965) is a retired male decathlete from Japan.	Katsuhiko Matsuda	male
sex or gender	Shi Dan (Chinese: 史丹; pinyin: Shǐ Dān; born December 3, 1980 in Shenyang) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Shi Dan	female
sex or gender	Ma Yunfeng (Chinese: 马云峰; born October 17, 1983 in Harbin) is a Chinese male short track speed skater.	Ma Yunfeng	male
sex or gender	In 2011, Hale Appleman portrayed Mercutio in Alan Brown's Private Romeo, a modern-day adaptation set at an all-male military academy.	Mercutio	male
sex or gender	Durgabai Kamat (1899 -- May 17, 1997) was a Marathi actress, who was the first female actress of Indian cinema.	Durgabai Kamat	female
sex or gender	Yu Guan-lin (Chinese: 余冠燐; born 29 November 1993) is a male Taiwanese recurve archer.	Yu Guan-lin	male
sex or gender	Li Xuanxu (Chinese: 李玄旭; pinyin: Lǐ Xuánxù; born February 5, 1994 in Zhuzhou, Hunan) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Li Xuanxu	female
sex or gender	Yip Pui Yin (Chinese: 葉姵延; pinyin: Yè Pèiyán; Jyutping: jip6 bui6 jin4; born 6 August 1987) is a female badminton player from Hong Kong.	Yip Pui Yin	female
sex or gender	Lim Khim Wah (born 29 April 1989 in Penang) is a male professional badminton player from Malaysia.	Lim Khim Wah	male
sex or gender	Tibor Gécsek (born September 22, 1964 in Szentgotthárd) is a retired male hammer thrower from Hungary.	Tibor Gécsek	male
sex or gender	Chen Weiqiang (Chinese: 陈伟强; born 1958 in Dongguan, Guangdong) is a male Chinese weightlifter.	Chen Weiqiang	male
sex or gender	Bobby Aloysius (born 22 June 1974) is a female athlete from India now residing in the Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala.	Bobby Aloysius	female
sex or gender	Isabelle Devaluez (born 17 March 1966 in Grenoble, Isère) is a retired female discus thrower from France, who competed in the discus contest at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Isabelle Devaluez	female
sex or gender	Sherali Dostiev (Шерали Достиев; born January 12, 1985 in Dushanbe, Region of Republican Subordination) is a male boxer from Tajikistan.	Sherali Dostiev	male
sex or gender	Lucie Dejardin (French: (dəʒaʁdɛ̃); 1875--1945) was a Belgian politician, the first female member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives; she was elected under the auspices of the Belgian Workers Party to represent the district of Liège.	Lucie Dejardin	female
sex or gender	As a widow, Ebba Brahe became one of the many powerful female land holders, who occupy a significant place in the local legends of Sweden during the 16th and 17th centuries, such as Barbro Påle, Sophia Drake, Margareta Huitfeldt and Margareta von Ascheberg.	Ebba Brahe	female
sex or gender	Phetogo Molawa is South Africa's first black female helicopter pilot in the South African Air Force and the South African National Defence Force.	Phetogo Molawa	female
sex or gender	Hannah Booth, writing in The Guardian, explains that Marimekko's founder, Armi Ratia, ``recruited Maija Isola, the first and most important of many young female designers, to create original prints''.	Maija Isola	female
sex or gender	Ayşegül Behlivan is a Turkish female Muay Thai and wushu practitioner.	Ayşegül Behlivan	female
sex or gender	Susanne Nyström, born 29 December 1982 in Laisvall, Sweden is a Swedish female cross-country skier and nurse.	Susanne Nyström	female
sex or gender	Anna Bayerová (1853--1924) was the second Czech female medical doctor, after Bohuslava Kecková.	Anna Bayerová	female
sex or gender	Mrs Wood (born Jane Rolink) is a female DJ and record producer involved in the hardbag and UK techno scene.	Mrs Wood	female
sex or gender	Zeynep Murat Duran (born Zeynep Murat on September 15, 1983) is a European champion Turkish female Taekwondo practitioner.	Zeynep Murat	female
sex or gender	Harumi Tsuyuzaki (露崎春女, aka Lyrico; born April 11, 1974 in Kawasaki, Kanagawa, Japan) is a female Japanese pop, R&B, soul singer and songwriter.	Harumi Tsuyuzaki	female
sex or gender	Tomáš Zíb (born 31 January 1976), is a retired male tennis player from the Czech Republic.	Tomáš Zíb	male
sex or gender	Stephanie Izard (born October 30, 1978) is an American chef residing in Chicago, Illinois, best known as the first female chef to win Bravo's Top Chef, taking the title on the fourth season.	Stephanie Izard	female
sex or gender	As a result, Coroner Charles Mack officially concluded that the adult female body discovered in the ruins was Belle Gunness.	Belle Gunness	female
sex or gender	Esma Aydemir (born January 1, 1992 in Karakeçili, Kırıkkale Province, Turkey) is a Turkish female middle distance runner competing mostly in the 1500 m, 3000 m and 5000 m events.	Esma Aydemir	female
sex or gender	Valentina Tirozzi (born 26 March 1986) is an Italian female volleyball player, playing as an outside-spiker.	Valentina Tirozzi	female
sex or gender	At the papal conclave of 1669--1670 Altieri was elected as Pope Clement X. On the day of his election, since there were no more male descendants in the Altieri family, he adopted Paluzzo and he changed his name to Paluzzo Paluzzi Altieri degli Albertoni in honour of his new adoptive uncle.	Paluzzo Paluzzi Altieri degli Albertoni	male
sex or gender	In the 1930s, Maryse Bastié set several international records for female aviators including for duration flying, distance, and a record time for a solo flight across the South Atlantic.	Maryse Bastié	female
sex or gender	Mayra Huerta (born September 14, 1970 in Morelia) is a female beach volleyball player from Mexico, who won the bronze medal in the women's beach team competition at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada, partnering Laura Almaral.	Mayra Huerta	female
sex or gender	Tülay German (born 1935), also known as Toulaï, is a Turkish female singer, currently living in France.	Tülay German	female
sex or gender	Emily Diana Watts (1867--1968) was among the first female instructors of the Japanese art of jujitsu in the Western world.	Emily Diana Watts	female
sex or gender	Not only was Peg Woffington the first female member of a (previously) all male dining club, in 1750 she became president of the club by election.	Peg Woffington	female
sex or gender	Damiris Dantas do Amaral (Ferraz de Vasconcelos born 17 November 1992) is a Brazilian female basketball player.	Damiris Dantas	female
sex or gender	Pablo Andújar Alba (born 23 January 1986) is a professional male tennis player from Spain.	Pablo Andújar	male
sex or gender	Eoh Yeon-soon (Korean: 이 연순; born 12 December 1973) is a retired South Korean female volleyball player.	Eoh Yeon-soon	female
sex or gender	Aliaksandr Vashchyla (Belarusian: Аляксандар Вашчыла; born 30 August 1981) is a male hammer thrower from Belarus, who is best known for winning the gold medal at the 2007 Summer Universiade.	Aliaksandr Vashchyla	male
sex or gender	Theodoros Velkos (Greek: Θεόδωρος Βέλκος; born November 20, 1976) is a male badminton player from Greece.	Theodoros Velkos	male
sex or gender	Nayer was also nominated in 2011 for MTV Video Music Award as Best Collaboration, and up for four Latin Billboard Nominations in 2012 with ``Give Me Everything'', being the 2nd female to have the most Nominations.	Nayer	female
sex or gender	Baron Caryll of Durford (or Dunford) of Harting in West Sussex is a title in the Jacobite Peerage of England created by the dethroned King James II for John Caryll, poet, dramatist and diplomat, with apparently a special remainder to the issue male of his brothers.	Baron Caryll of Durford	male
sex or gender	Ren Xiujuan (Chinese: 任秀娟; pinyin: Rèn Xiùjuān; born September 14, 1974 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a female Chinese long-distance runner who specialized in the marathon.	Ren Xiujuan	female
sex or gender	Ding Xuesong (丁雪松, born Chongqing May 27, 1918 -- May 29, 2011 ) was China's first female ambassador in 1979.	Ding Xuesong	female
sex or gender	Zhou Wanfeng (Chinese: 周婉峰; pinyin: Zhōu Wǎnfēng; Cantonese Yale: Jau1 Yun2 Fung1; born November 17, 1979 in Nanhai, Foshan, Guangdong) is a female Chinese field hockey player.	Zhou Wanfeng	female
sport	Giuseppe Minaudo (born March 22, 1967 in Mazara del Vallo) is an Italian former association football player.	Giuseppe Minaudo	association football
sport	The World Badminton Grand Prix Finals was an annual badminton tournament organized by the International Badminton Federation (IBF) to crown the best badminton player of the year.	World Badminton Grand Prix Finals	badminton
sport	Sharon Jewell (born 1960) is a former US Olympian in the sport of taekwondo.	Sharon Jewell	taekwondo
sport	The Hochfirst Ski Jump (Hochfirstschanze) is a ski jumping hill located in Titisee-Neustadt in Germany.	Hochfirst Ski Jump	ski jumping
sport	The San Isidro Club (mostly known for its acronym SIC) is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club based in the Boulogne Sur Mer district of Greater Buenos Aires.	San Isidro Club	rugby union
sport	Jackson Vroman (June 6, 1981 -- June 29, 2015) was an American-born Lebanese professional basketball player.	Jackson Vroman	basketball
sport	Edward Everett McGowan (March 20, 1900 -- May 1982) was an American professional ice hockey player.	Everett McGowan	ice hockey
sport	Nick Abendanon (born 27 August 1986, in Bryanston) is an English rugby union player, currently playing for Clermont Auvergne in the Top 14.	Nick Abendanon	rugby union
sport	The 1971 Men's Hockey World Cup was the inaugural tournament of the Hockey World Cup men's field hockey tournament.	1971 Men's Hockey World Cup	field hockey
sport	The Winnipeg Victorias were a former amateur senior-level men's amateur ice hockey team in Winnipeg, Manitoba, organized in 1889.	Winnipeg Victorias	ice hockey
sport	The Rugby League Hall of Fame honours the leading players of the sport of rugby league.	Rugby League Hall of Fame	rugby league
sport	The 1984 Ginny of San Diego was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in San Diego, California in the United States that was part of the 1984 Virginia Slims World Championship Series.	1984 Ginny of San Diego	tennis
sport	Donna Cheatham is a high school basketball coach.	Donna Cheatham	basketball
sport	Shturm-2002 Moskovskaya Oblast, a.k.a. Shturm Ruza, is a Russian water polo club.	Shturm Ruza	water polo
sport	The now defunct Premier Hockey League (PHL) was a professional league competition for field hockey clubs in the top division of the Indian hockey system.	Premier Hockey League	field hockey
sport	The Sirmium Legionaries is the oldest American football team in Serbia, founded in 2002 in Sremska Mitrovica.	Sirmium Legionaries	American football
sport	Aron Pálmarsson (born 19 July 1990) is an Icelandic handball player, currently playing for MKB Veszprém KC.	Aron Pálmarsson	handball
sport	Bose Kaffo, born 14 December 1972 in Surulere, Lagos State, Nigeria is a Nigerian professional table tennis player who competed at five Olympics from 1992 to 2008.	Bose Kaffo	table tennis
sport	The 9th Chess Olympiad, organized by the FIDE and comprising an open team tournament, as well as several events designed to promote the game of chess, took place between August 20 and September 11, 1950, in Dubrovnik, PR Croatia, FPR Yugoslavia (present day Croatia).	9th Chess Olympiad	chess
sport	The 12 Hours of Sebring is an annual motorsport endurance race for sports cars held at Sebring International Raceway, on the site of the former Hendricks Army Airfield World War II air base in Sebring, Florida.	12 Hours of Sebring	motorsport
sport	Arminia Ludwigshafen is a German association football club from the Rheingönheim of the city of Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Rhineland-Palatinate.	Arminia Ludwigshafen	association football
sport	David Goffin (French pronunciation: ​(david ɡɔfɛ̃)) (born 7 December 1990) is a Belgian tennis player.	David Goffin	tennis
sport	After coaching the taekwondo team of Üsküdar district from 1990 to 1992, Tennur Yerlisu became coach of the Turkey women's taekwondo national team in 1992-93, and again in 2005.	Tennur Yerlisu	taekwondo
sport	Susanne Lahme (born September 10, 1968 in Luckenwalde) is a former German indoor and beach volleyball player.	Susanne Lahme	beach volleyball
sport	Fred Hagist (born April 14, 1932 in Berkeley, California) was an American tennis player in the 1950s who made it to the draw of several US Championships, including 1952 where he lost in the third round.	Fred Hagist	tennis
sport	The CWA Southwestern Heavyweight Championship was a short-lived professional wrestling title defended in the United States Wrestling Association (USWA, formerly the Championship Wrestling Association, hence the CWA name) and the World Class Wrestling Association (WCWA) during their joint promotion in 1989 and 1990.	CWA Southwestern Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The British Columbia Hockey League is a Junior ``A'' ice hockey league from British Columbia under Hockey Canada, a subsection of the Canadian Junior Hockey League.	British Columbia Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	Damian Woolfolk is an American basketball player who is best known for his college career at Norfolk State University between 1997--98 and 1999--2000.	Damian Woolfolk	basketball
sport	The 2008 Internazionali Femminili di Palermo was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.	2008 Internazionali Femminili di Palermo	tennis
sport	Anne Henning grew up in Northbrook, Illinois and started in short track speed skating, but then, like many short track speed skaters before and after her, switched to long track speed skating.	Anne Henning	speed skating
sport	Ricardo Acuña (born 13 January 1958) is a former tennis player from Chile, who won three doubles titles during his career.	Ricardo Acuña	tennis
sport	The Zero-One United States Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling title in Japanese promotion Pro Wrestling Zero1.	Zero-One United States Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Igor Lysyj (Russian: Игорь Лысый; born 1 January 1987) is a Russian chess grandmaster and the 2014 Russian champion.	Igor Lysyj	chess
sport	Rokometni Klub Koper (English: Koper Handball Club), commonly referred to as RK Koper or simply Koper, was a team handball club from Koper, Slovenia.	RK Koper	handball
sport	Ricky Sapp (born November 14, 1986) is an American football outside linebacker that is currently a free agent.	Ricky Sapp	American football
sport	Alejandro Díaz-Alberdi (Piki) is an Argentine 8-goal professional polo player.	Alejandro Díaz-Alberdi	polo
sport	The Open de la Réunion is a tennis tournament held in Réunion since 2011.	Open de la Réunion	tennis
sport	During Russell Winter's career, he has been the English, British and European surfing champion.	Russell Winter	surfing
sport	The Grey Cup is the name of both the championship game of the Canadian Football League (CFL) and the trophy awarded to the victorious team playing Canadian football.	Grey Cup	Canadian football
sport	Gwangju Mudeung Baseball Stadium is a baseball stadium in Gwangju, South Korea.	Gwangju Mudeung Baseball Stadium	baseball
sport	Boumedienne Allam (born Avignon, 19 November 1979) is a French-born Algerian rugby union player.	Boumedienne Allam	rugby union
sport	Harm Wiersma (born 13 May 1953 in Leeuwarden, Dutch Frisia) is a Dutch draughts player and former politician.	Harm Wiersma	draughts
sport	Jānis Porziņģis (born 13 July 1982) is a former Latvian professional basketball player who played for fifteen different teams in multiple European leagues over a fourteen-year career.	Jānis Porziņģis	basketball
sport	Antonio Graves Davis (born April 17, 1985) is an American basketball player who currently plays for Artland Dragons in Germany.	Antonio Graves	basketball
sport	Oakleigh Football Club, nicknamed the Devils, was an Australian rules football club from Oakleigh which played in the VFA from 1929 until 1994.	Oakleigh Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Peter Kimlin is an Australian rugby union football player who plays for Grenoble in the French Top 14.	Peter Kimlin	rugby union
sport	Piráti Chomutov is a Czech ice hockey team from Chomutov, Czech Republic.	Piráti Chomutov	ice hockey
sport	BankGiroLoterij was the name of a Dutch professional road bicycle racing team.	BankGiroLoterij	road bicycle racing
sport	Liv Bjørk is a Norwegian handball goalkeeper.	Liv Bjørk	handball
sport	The Westchester Open is golf tournament organized by the Westchester Golf Association.	Westchester Open	golf
sport	Arnaldo Taurisano (born in Milan, November 18, 1933) is an Italian, former professional basketball coach.	Arnaldo Taurisano	basketball
sport	The Virginia Slims of Akron is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated women's tennis tournament played from 1973 to 1976.	Virginia Slims of Akron	tennis
sport	Liliana Fernández Steiner (born 4 January 1987) is a Spanish beach volleyball player.	Liliana Fernández	beach volleyball
sport	Predrag Samardžiski (Macedonian: Предраг Самарџиски; born April 11, 1986) is a Macedonian professional basketball player who plays for Tüyap Büyükçekmece of the Turkish Basketball Super League.	Predrag Samardžiski	basketball
sport	Dinefwr Sharks RLFC were a rugby league side based in Ammanford, South-West Wales.	Dinefwr Sharks	rugby league
sport	The 1989 Kiev International Tournament (Ukrainian: Міжнародний турнір у Києві) was a summer association football friendly tournament that took place in Kiev, Soviet Union in 1989.	1989 Kiev International Tournament	association football
sport	Emil Schallopp (1 August 1843, Friesack, Germany -- 9 April 1919, Berlin) was a German chess player and author.	Emil Schallopp	chess
sport	The Harmony Geneva Marathon for UNICEF is an annual marathon running event held in Geneva, Switzerland.	Geneva Marathon	marathon
sport	Dipu Ghosh is an Indian sportsman who represented India in several badminton tournaments in the 1960s.	Dipu Ghosh	badminton
sport	The 1981 NBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played February 1, 1981, at Coliseum at Richfield in Richfield Township, Ohio.	1981 NBA All-Star Game	basketball
sport	Norfolk Scope formerly was home to the now-defunct American Basketball Association (ABA) Virginia Squires professional basketball franchise.	Norfolk Scope	basketball
sport	The Rio Grande Valley Vipers are a basketball team in the NBA Development League.	Rio Grande Valley Vipers	basketball
sport	Steve Thornton (born March 8, 1973 in Gloucester, Ontario) is a former professional Canadian ice hockey player.	Steve Thornton	ice hockey
sport	Fédérale 3 is the fifth division of rugby union in France.	Fédérale 3	rugby union
sport	Charles Linglet (born June 22, 1982) is a Canadian and Belarusian ice hockey left wing currently playing for HC Dinamo Minsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Charles Linglet	ice hockey
sport	The 2009 Austrian Figure Skating Championships (German: Österreichischen Staatsmeisterschaften im Eiskunstlauf 2009 ) were the Austrian Figure Skating Championships of the 2008-2009 figure skating season.	2009 Austrian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Kavossy Franklin (born July 18, 1975) is an American former professional basketball player who is most known for his time spent in the Australian National Basketball League.	Kavossy Franklin	basketball
sport	Zdenko Uzorinac (1929--2005) was a Croatian table tennis player, journalist and sports writer.	Zdenko Uzorinac	table tennis
sport	The 2005 Conference USA Baseball Tournament was the 2005 postseason college baseball championship of the NCAA Division I Conference USA, held at Pete Taylor Park in Hattiesburg, Mississippi from May 25 through May 29, 2005.	2005 Conference USA Baseball Tournament	baseball
sport	The Joburg Open is a men's professional golf tournament on the Southern Africa-based Sunshine Tour.	Joburg Open	golf
sport	Marion Grice (born April 10, 1991) is an American football running back who is currently a free agent.	Marion Grice	American football
sport	The 2008 World Figure Skating Championships was a senior international figure skating competition in the 2007--08 figure skating season.	2008 World Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Salwa Eid Naser (born 23 May 1998) is a Bahraini track and field sprinter who specialises in the 400 metres.	Salwa Eid Naser	track and field
sport	Robert Trent Jones, Sr. (June 20, 1906 -- June 14, 2000) was a golf course architect who designed (or re-designed) about 500 golf courses in at least 40 U.S. states and 35 other countries all around the world.	Robert Trent Jones	golf
sport	Wycliff Palu (born 27 July 1982 in Sydney) is an Australian rugby union footballer of Tongan descent.	Wycliff Palu	rugby union
sport	Patrik Hefti (born 19 November 1969) is a Liechtensteiner former association football Defender who played professionally in Liechtenstein and the United States.	Patrik Hefti	association football
sport	Žensko Košarkarsko Društvo Ježica, commonly referred to as ŽKD Ježica or simply Ježica, is a Slovenian women's basketball club from the Ježica district in Ljubljana.	ŽKD Ježica	basketball
sport	Rapaces de Gap is a French ice hockey team based in Gap playing in the Ligue Magnus for the 2009--10 Ligue Magnus season.	Rapaces de Gap	ice hockey
sport	Petra Martić (Croatian pronunciation: (pêtra mâːrtitɕ)) (born 19 January 1991) is a professional tennis player from Croatia.	Petra Martić	tennis
sport	Lanwa FC (Chinese: 聯華紅牛), officially Dongguan Lanwa Football Club (simplified Chinese: 联华足球俱乐部; traditional Chinese: 聯華足球俱樂部) was a Chinese professional association football club located in Dongguan Dongcheng, China.	Lanwa FC	association football
sport	CA Lannemezan (French: Cercle amical lannemezanais) is a French rugby union club based in Lannemezan in the Hautes-Pyrénées department.	CA Lannemezan	rugby union
sport	FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship for Women, is a basketball competition inaugurated in 2000.	FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship for Women	basketball
sport	The Toto Cup (Hebrew: גביע הטוטו‎, Gvia HaToto) is an association football tournament that exists separately in the two highest divisions in Israel: the Premier League and Liga Leumit.	Toto Cup	association football
sport	Stewart Glenister (born October 12, 1988) is a class of 2011 West Point cadet who competed in the 2008 Olympic Games in the 50 m freestyle swimming event, where he won his first heat event.	Stewart Glenister	swimming
sport	Martin de Vries (April 7, 1960) is a former Dutch professional basketball player.	Martin de Vries	basketball
sport	Sophie Polkamp (born 2 August 1984 in Groningen) is a Dutch field hockey player, who played as defender for Dutch club Stichtse Cricket en Hockey Club and later for Amsterdamsche Hockey & Bandy Club (AHBC).	Sophie Polkamp	field hockey
sport	Harri Ilvonen (born November 11, 1988 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defender who is currently playing for Espoo Blues of the SM-liiga.	Harri Ilvonen	ice hockey
sport	Tyler Ardron (born 16 June 1991) is a Canadian rugby union player who plays for Ospreys.	Tyler Ardron	rugby union
sport	Danielle Dube (born March 10, 1976) played for the Canadian National women's ice hockey team from 1994 to 1998 and from 2000 to 2002.	Danielle Dube	ice hockey
sport	Todd Reid (born 3 June 1984) is an Australian tennis professional.	Todd Reid	tennis
sport	Amalie Arena is an arena in Tampa, Florida, that has been used for ice hockey, basketball, and arena football games, as well as concerts.	Amalie Arena	ice hockey
sport	The Orem Owlz are a minor league baseball farm team affiliated with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim baseball franchise.	Orem Owlz	baseball
sport	Aubin Hueber (born Tarbes, 5 April 1967) is a former French rugby union footballer and a current coach.	Aubin Hueber	rugby union
sport	The Webster ruling is a test case in association football law involving Andy Webster, a defender formerly with Heart of Midlothian football club in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Webster ruling	association football
sport	The 2013 Champions League Twenty20 (CLT20) was the fifth edition of Champions League Twenty20, an international Twenty20 cricket tournament.	2013 Champions League Twenty20	cricket
sport	The University of Limerick Vikings are the American football team from the University of Limerick in Limerick, Ireland.	University of Limerick Vikings	American football
sport	Lennox Lewis vs. Oliver McCall II was a professional boxing match contested on February 7, 1997, for the vacant WBC Heavyweight Championship.	Lennox Lewis vs. Oliver McCall II	boxing
sport	Downhill is an alpine skiing discipline.	Downhill	alpine skiing
sport	Anja Althaus (born 3 September 1982) is a German handball player playing for ŽRK Vardar and the German national team.	Anja Althaus	handball
sport	FC Sodovik Sterlitamak (Russian: ФК ``Содовик'' Стерлитамак) was a Russian association football club based in Sterlitamak.	FC Sodovik Sterlitamak	association football
sport	The 2001 IGA U.S. Indoor Championships was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma in the United States and was part of Tier III of the 2001 WTA Tour.	2001 IGA U.S. Indoor Championships	tennis
sport	The 2001 ASB Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland in New Zealand and was part of Tier V of the 2001 WTA Tour.	2001 ASB Classic	tennis
sport	Pavlos Diakoulas (alternate spelling: Paul Diakoulas) (Greek: Παύλος Διάκουλας) is a retired Greek American professional basketball player.	Pavlos Diakoulas	basketball
sport	Parramatta Two Blues Rugby is a rugby union club based in the second CBD of Sydney, Parramatta NSW Australia.	Parramatta Two Blues	rugby union
sport	Dimitrios Charitopoulos (alternate spellings: Dimitris, Haritopoulos) (Greek: Δημήτρης Χαριτόπουλος; born November 14, 1983) is a Greek professional basketball player, who plays for Koroivos Amaliadas of the Greek Basket League.	Dimitrios Charitopoulos	basketball
sport	Ernie Walley (born 7 April 1933 in Caernarfon) is a retired association football player, manager and coach.	Ernie Walley	association football
sport	Sandra Šarić (born May 8, 1984 in Senj) is a Croatian taekwondo athlete.	Sandra Šarić	taekwondo
sport	The Elephant Gambit (also called the Queen's Pawn Counter Gambit or Englund Counterattack) is a rarely played chess opening beginning with the moves: 1.	Elephant Gambit	chess
sport	Universal football was the name given to a proposed hybrid sport of Australian rules football and rugby league, proposed at different times between 1908 and 1933 as a potential national football code to be played throughout Australia.	Universal football	rugby league
sport	Étienne Bacrot (French pronunciation: ​(etjɛn baˈkʁo); born 22 January 1983 in Lille) is a French chess grandmaster and former chess prodigy.	Étienne Bacrot	chess
sport	Jimmy Dan Conner (born March 20, 1953 in Lawrenceburg, Kentucky) is a retired professional basketball shooting guard who played one season in the American Basketball Association (ABA) as a member of the Kentucky Colonels.	Jimmy Dan Conner	basketball
sport	The Latvian Hockey Higher League (Latvian: Latvijas Virslīgas hokeja čempionāts) is the top tier league of ice hockey in Latvia.	Latvian Hockey Higher League	ice hockey
sport	Michael Egnew (born November 1, 1989) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent.	Michael Egnew	American football
sport	T. J. Middleton (born May 2, 1968 in Auburn, New York) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.	T. J. Middleton	tennis
sport	Régis Fuchs (born April 6, 1970, in Porrentruy, Switzerland) is a Swiss professional ice hockey winger.	Régis Fuchs	ice hockey
sport	Karşıyaka Basket, mostly known as Pınar Karşıyaka for sponsorship reasons, is a Turkish professional basketball team that is located in Karşıyaka, İzmir.	Karşıyaka Basket	basketball
sport	Alexander Urbom (born December 20, 1990) is a professional Swedish ice hockey defenceman.	Alexander Urbom	ice hockey
sport	Blair Manning (born May 27, 1975) is a professional ice hockey player who has played overseas, in the CHL, and in the IHL.	Blair Manning	ice hockey
sport	Tim Kempton Jr. is an American college basketball player, currently a rising junior at the Lehigh University.	Tim Kempton Jr.	basketball
sport	The 1993 World Women's Handball Championship was the 11th World Championship in women's handball took place in Norway from 24 November to 5 December 1993 and was played between 16 nations.	1993 World Women's Handball Championship	handball
sport	Katarina Bulatović (Serbian: Катарина Булатовић; born 15 November 1984) is a professional Serbian born, Montenegrin handball player who plays for the club ŽRK Budućnost Podgorica.	Katarina Bulatović	handball
sport	Matt Sorteberg (born March 2, 1986) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing for the Utah Grizzlies in the ECHL.	Matt Sorteberg	ice hockey
sport	Chris Horsman (born 2 February 1977 in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England) is a former Wales international rugby union player.	Chris Horsman	rugby union
sport	Narellan Jets Rugby League Football Club is an Australian rugby league football club based in Narellan, New South Wales the club was formed in 1977.	Narellan Jets	rugby league
sport	B. Gene Bartow (August 18, 1930 -- January 3, 2012) was an American men's college basketball coach.	Gene Bartow	basketball
sport	Isabelle Fijalkowski, now Isabelle Fijalkowski-Tournebize (born May 23, 1972, in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme), is a retired French basketball player.	Isabelle Fijalkowski	basketball
sport	The New Westminster Bruins were a junior ice hockey team from the Western Hockey League.	New Westminster Bruins	ice hockey
sport	Bath Racecourse is a thoroughbred horse racing venue located on Lansdown Hill, just north of Bath, Somerset, owned by Arena Racing Company.	Bath Racecourse	horse racing
sport	Kim Yoon-hwan (Korean: 김윤환 born August 24, 1985 in Seoul) is a Korean professional ice hockey defenceman.	Kim Yoon-hwan	ice hockey
sport	Donald Corey Patterson (born August 13, 1979) is an American former professional baseball outfielder.	Corey Patterson	baseball
sport	The 2012 Men's Hockey Champions Challenge I was the 7th edition of the Hockey Champions Challenge I field hockey championship for men.	2012 Men's Hockey Champions Challenge I	field hockey
sport	Nicolas Savant-Aira (born 30 November 1980) is a French wheelchair table tennis player competing in Class 5.	Nicolas Savant-Aira	table tennis
sport	William Demotte is a professional rugby union player with SU Agen in the Top 14 League.	William Demotte	rugby union
sport	The 2012 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament, officially known as the 2012 Big East Championship, was the 33rd annual Big East Men's Basketball Tournament, deciding the champion of the 2011--12 Big East Conference men's basketball season.	2012 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	The FIVB Volleyball World Grand Champions Cup is an international men's and women's volleyball competition.	FIVB Volleyball World Grand Champions Cup	volleyball
sport	Claude Saurel (born 17 April 1948) is a former French rugby union footballer and current coach.	Claude Saurel	rugby union
sport	The Swiss Handball League (SHL) is the name of the professional handball league of Switzerland.	Swiss Handball League	handball
sport	Anas Osama Mahmoud (Arabic: أنس أسامة محمود; born May 9, 1995) is an Egyptian college basketball player, he is currently entering his sophomore season at the University of Louisville.	Anas Osama Mahmoud	basketball
sport	The Southern California Open is a WTA 125K Series affiliated professional women's tennis tournament held at the La Costa Resort and Spa in Carlsbad, California.	Southern California Open	tennis
sport	Myrthe Schoot (born August 29, 1988 in Winterswijk) is a Dutch volleyball player, who plays as a libero.	Myrthe Schoot	volleyball
sport	Larry DeWayne Wise (born February 24, 1978) is an American retired professional baseball outfielder.	DeWayne Wise	baseball
sport	Kala Bagan Krira Chakra (also known as Kalabagan Krira Chakra) is a team that plays List A cricket in the Dhaka Premier League.	Kala Bagan Krira Chakra	cricket
sport	Jone Tawake (born 17 April 1982), is a Fijian born rugby union player.	Jone Tawake	rugby union
sport	Květoslava Peschkeová, (née Hrdličková; born 9 July 1975) better known as Květa Peschke, is a professional tennis player from the Czech Republic.	Květa Peschke	tennis
sport	The India national under-17 football team, also known as India under-17s or India U17(s), represents India in association football at an under-16 age level and is controlled by the All India Football Federation, the governing body for football in India.	India national under-17 football team	association football
sport	The 1991 Donnay Indoor Championships was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Brussels in Belgium the event was part of the 1990 ATP Tour.	1991 Donnay Indoor Championships	tennis
sport	Christos Marinos (in Greek: Χρήστος Μαρίνος; born 1989) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Christos Marinos	basketball
sport	Ian O'Leary (October 20, 1986) is an American-Irish basketball player.	Ian O'Leary	basketball
sport	Lanús Rugby Club is an Argentine rugby union club based in the Lanús district of Greater Buenos Aires.	Lanús Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	Jean-Baptiste Chanfreau (born 17 January 1947) is a former Algerian-born French international tennis player.	Jean-Baptiste Chanfreau	tennis
sport	The Kuwait national under-20 football team is the youth association football team representing Kuwait in youth competitions and it's controlled by Kuwait Football Association.	Kuwait national under-20 football team	association football
sport	The Winchelsea Football & Netball Club are an Australian rules football club which compete in the Geelong DFL since 2002.	Winchelsea Football & Netball Club	Australian rules football
sport	Bert Reed (June 1, 1988) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent.	Bert Reed	American football
sport	The Kazakhstan Open is a men's professional golf tournament on the Challenge Tour, the official developmental tour of the European Tour.	Kazakhstan Open	golf
sport	The 1968 Swedish Open was a combined men's and women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts held in Båstad, Sweden.	1968 Swedish Open	tennis
sport	The 2013 FAI Cup Final was the final match of the 2013 FAI Cup, the national association football cup of the Republic of Ireland.	2013 FAI Cup Final	association football
spouse	He was married to actress Jayabharathi in 1979 and their son Krish J. Sathaar made his debut as an actor in acclaimed director Siddique' s Mohanlal starrer Ladies and Gentleman.	Sathaar	Jayabharathi
spouse	After graduating from Soochow University in 1932, Yang Jiang enrolled in the graduate school of Tsinghua University where she met her husband Qian Zhongshu.	Yang Jiang	Qian Zhongshu
spouse	Princess Léa of Belgium (born Léa Inga Dora Wolman on 2 December 1951) is the widow of Prince Alexander of Belgium.	Princess Léa of Belgium	Prince Alexander of Belgium
spouse	Agnes Douglas, Countess of Argyll (1574 -- 3 May 1607) was a Scottish noblewoman and the first wife of Archibald Campbell, 7th Earl of Argyll.	Agnes Douglas, Countess of Argyll	Archibald Campbell, 7th Earl of Argyll
spouse	Patricia Driscoll was married to actor Duncan Lamont (d. 1978), who also appeared in Robin Hood, and with whom she had two children.	Patricia Driscoll	Duncan Lamont
spouse	Elmer George was married to Mari Hulman George, daughter of Tony Hulman, owner of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.	Elmer George	Mari Hulman George
spouse	Later, when Yuan Shu declared himself emperor, he held Sun Jian's wife Lady Wu hostage in exchange for the seal.	Sun Jian	Lady Wu
spouse	Pierre Lefaucheux and Marie-Hélène Lefaucheux had no children, as she had suffered an accident in her youth that prevented her from having children.	Pierre Lefaucheux	Marie-Hélène Lefaucheux
spouse	The often unconventional playwright introduces a ``real'' Helen and a ``phantom'' Helen (who caused the Trojan War), and gives a backstory that makes the father of his character Theoclymenus, Proteus, a king in Egypt who had been wed to a Nereid Psamathe.	Proteus	Psamathe
spouse	In 2384 BCE, Baranamtarra and her husband, Lugalanda, seized power of Lagash, one of the oldest cities in Sumer.	Baranamtarra	Lugalanda
spouse	Princess Marie of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt (German: Prinzessin Marie von Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt; 29 January 1850 -- 22 April 1922) was the consort and third wife of Frederick Francis II, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.	Princess Marie of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt	Frederick Francis II, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin
spouse	Lelex was married to the Naiad nymph Cleocharia.	Lelex	Cleocharia
spouse	Hatice Âlime (Halime) Hüma Hatun (Ottoman Turkish: هما خاتون‎, c. 1410 - September 1449) was the fourth wife of Ottoman Sultan Murad II and mother of Mehmed II.	Hüma Hatun	Murad II
spouse	Anne-Antoinette Diderot (born Anne-Antoinette Champion 22 February 1710 -- 10 April 1796) was the wife of the pioneer encyclopedist, Denis Diderot and the mother of his only surviving child, Marie-Angélique Diderot (1753--1824).	Anne-Antoinette Diderot	Denis Diderot
spouse	Prince René of Bourbon-Parma (17 October 1894 -- 30 July 1962) was the seventh surviving son of Robert I, Duke of Parma, and his second wife, Infanta Maria Antonia of Portugal.In 1921, he married Princess Margaret of Denmark.	Prince René of Bourbon-Parma	Princess Margaret of Denmark
spouse	Rhadamistus reminded his uncle of their tie of being relatives, of the seniority in age of his father, and how he himself was the father-in-law of him, as Rhadamistus was married on Mithridates' daughter Zenobia.	Rhadamistus	Zenobia
spouse	Mary Hayley Bell, Lady Mills (22 January 1911 -- 1 December 2005) was an English actress and writer, married for 64 years to actor Sir John Mills.	Mary Hayley Bell	John Mills
spouse	Erendis (S.A. 771--985) is the fictional wife of King Tar-Aldarion of Númenor in J. R. R. Tolkien's Unfinished Tales and, as such, the Queen Consort of Númenor.	Erendis	Tar-Aldarion
taxon rank	Starlings are small to medium-sized passerine birds in the family Sturnidae.	Starling	family
taxon rank	Cranichis muscosa, the cypress-knee helmet orchid, is a species of terrestrial orchid.	Cranichis muscosa	species
taxon rank	Dugesia aborensis is a species of freshwater triclad found in the Abor Hills, Arunachal Pradesh, India.	Dugesia aborensis	species
taxon rank	Ouijjania is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.	Ouijjania	genus
taxon rank	Contradusta pulchella, common name the pretty cowry or beautiful (little) cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Contradusta pulchella	species
taxon rank	Banksia marginata, commonly known as the Silver Banksia, is a species of tree or woody shrub in the plant genus Banksia found throughout much of southeastern Australia.	Banksia marginata	species
taxon rank	Hordeum depressum is a species of barley known by the common names low barley and dwarf barley.	Hordeum depressum	species
taxon rank	Banksia dryandroides, the Dryandra-leaved Banksia, is a species of small shrub in the plant genus Banksia.	Banksia dryandroides	species
taxon rank	Adalbus crassicornis is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily, and the only species in the genus Adalbus.	Adalbus crassicornis	species
taxon rank	Eimeria brunetti is a species of Eimeria that causes hemorrhagic intestinal coccidiosis in young poultry.	Eimeria brunetti	species
taxon rank	Cissus trifoliata, known variously as possum-grape, sorrelvine, or vine-sorrel, is a New World plant species in the grape family.	Cissus trifoliata	species
taxon rank	The Orange-bordered Argus( Polyommatus astrarche) is a species of lycaenid butterfly found in many parts of the Palearctic region.	Polyommatus astrarche	species
taxon rank	Lyonetiidae is a family of moths with some 200 described species.	Lyonetiidae	family
taxon rank	Archibasis lieftincki, is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae.	Archibasis lieftincki	species
taxon rank	Metorchis conjunctus, common name Canadian liver fluke, is a species of trematode parasite in the family Opisthorchiidae.	Metorchis conjunctus	species
taxon rank	Eragrostis curvula is a species of grass known by the common name weeping lovegrass.	Eragrostis curvula	species
taxon rank	Encephalartos paucidentatus is a species of cycad that is native to the mountains near Barberton, Mpumalanga Province, and near Piggs Peak in the northwestern part of Swaziland South Africa at elevations of 1,000 to 1,500 meters.	Encephalartos paucidentatus	species
taxon rank	Ostryopsis nobilis (Chinese: 滇虎榛 dian hu zhen) is a shrub species in the genus Ostryopsis found in China.	Ostryopsis nobilis	species
taxon rank	Brachydectes is an extinct genus of lysorophian amphibian that lived from the Carboniferous.	Brachydectes	genus
taxon rank	Keraea garachicoensis is an extinct species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae or Endodontidae.	Keraea garachicoensis	species
taxon rank	Strobocalyx is a genus of Asian, African, Pacific Island, and South American plants in the evil tribe within the daisy family.	Strobocalyx	genus
taxon rank	Akawaio penak is a species of bluntnose knifefish native to the upper Mazaruni River, Guyana.	Akawaio penak	species
taxon rank	Acer sempervirens (Cretan Maple) is a species of maple native to southern Greece and southern Turkey.	Acer sempervirens	species
taxon rank	The Boletales are an order of Agaricomycetes containing over 1300 species with a diverse array of fruiting body types.	Boletales	order
taxon rank	Caryocar (souari trees) is a genus of flowering plants, in the South American family Caryocaraceae described as a genus by Linnaeus in 1771.	Caryocar	genus
taxon rank	Ocypode ceratophthalma, the horned ghost crab or horn-eyed ghost crab, is a species of ghost crab.	Ocypode ceratophthalma	species
taxon rank	Buddleja albiflora is a deciduous shrub native to the mountains of central China, where it grows on shrub-clad slopes at altitudes of between 1,000 and 2,000 m. Named rather carelessly by Hemsley, the species was discovered by Henry, and introduced to western cultivation by Wilson in 1900.	Buddleja albiflora	species
taxon rank	Rimapenaeus is a genus of prawns.	Rimapenaeus	genus
taxon rank	Baeospora myosura is a species of fungus that produces mushrooms with long, coarse hairs.	Baeospora myosura	species
taxon rank	Eucritta melanolimnetes (``the true creature from the black lagoon'') is an extinct tetrapod of the extinct genus Eucritta from the Viséan epoch in the Carboniferous period of Scotland.	Eucritta	genus
taxon rank	Acrocanthosaurus (/ˌækroʊˌkænθəˈsɔːrəs/ ak-ro-KAN-thə-SAWR-əs; meaning ``high-spined lizard'') is a genus of theropod dinosaur that existed in what is now North America during the Aptian and early Albian stages of the Early Cretaceous.	Acrocanthosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Atractaspidinae are a subfamily of snakes found in Africa and the Middle East, commonly called mole vipers, stiletto snakes, or burrowing asps.	Atractaspidinae	subfamily
taxon rank	The Clanwilliam yellowfish (Labeobarbus capensis) is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae.	Clanwilliam yellowfish	species
taxon rank	Colophon westwoodi is a species of beetle in family Lucanidae.	Colophon westwoodi	species
taxon rank	Tricondyla aptera is a beetle species in the family of Carabidae.	Tricondyla aptera	species
taxon rank	Acropora polystoma is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by G. Brook in 1891.	Acropora polystoma	species
taxon rank	Gromphadorhina oblongonota is one of four roach species in the genus Gromphadorhina, which is one of several genera collectively known as hissing cockroaches; like all members of the tribe Gromphadorhinini, they are from the island of Madagascar.	Gromphadorhina oblongonota	species
taxon rank	Urophora funebris is a species of tephritid in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.	Urophora funebris	species
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum villosum is a species of orchid found from Assam to southern China.	Paphiopedilum villosum	species
taxon rank	Spermophorides lascars is a species of spider of the family Pholcidae.	Spermophorides lascars	species
taxon rank	Prasiola is a genus of fresh water and marine green algae.	Prasiola	genus
taxon rank	Tenuisentidae is a family of parasitic worms from the phylum Acanthocephala).	Tenuisentidae	family
taxon rank	Bartonella melophagi is a candidatus species of Bartonella that causes infection in humans.	Bartonella melophagi	species
taxon rank	Stramentopappus is a genus of Mexican plants in the evil tribe within the daisy family.	Stramentopappus	genus
taxon rank	Banksula californica is a species of harvestman in family Phalangodidae.	Banksula californica	species
taxon rank	Simosuchus (meaning ``pug-nosed crocodile'' in Greek, referring to the animal's blunt snout) is an extinct genus of notosuchian crocodylomorphs from the Late Cretaceous of Madagascar.	Simosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Solanum citrullifolium is a species of nightshade commonly known as the watermelon nightshade, as its leaves somewhat resemble those of a watermelon plant (the melon-leaved nightshade is a different species, S. heterodoxum Dunal, whose leaves resemble those of a normal melon plant).	Solanum citrullifolium	species
taxon rank	Kalimeris incisa, common name Kalimeris or Japanese Aster, is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.	Kalimeris incisa	species
taxon rank	Bromheadia finlaysoniana, known in Australia as the synonym Bromheadia pulchra with the vernacular name pale reed orchid, is a tall, reed-like terrestrial orchid species in the genus Bromheadia.	Bromheadia finlaysoniana	species
taxon rank	Salix denticulata is a species of shrub or small tree in the family Salicaceae.	Salix denticulata	species
taxon rank	Packera indecora is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names elegant groundsel and rayless mountain ragwort.	Packera indecora	species
taxon rank	Romitia nigra is a jumping spider and the type species in the genus Romitia.	Romitia nigra	species
taxon rank	Nauclea gageana is a species of large tree in the Rubiaceae family.	Nauclea gageana	species
taxon rank	Aenigmatineidae is a family of basal Lepidoptera, moths discovered on Kangaroo Island in South Australia.	Aenigmatineidae	family
taxon rank	The family Threskiornithidae includes 34 species of large wading birds.	Threskiornithidae	family
taxon rank	Dolichoderinae is a subfamily of ants, which includes species such as the Argentine ant (Linepithema humile), the erratic ant, the odorous house ant, and the cone ant.	Dolichoderinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Zygopachylus albomarginis is a species of Neotropical harvestman in the order Opiliones.	Zygopachylus albomarginis	species
taxon rank	Eulithidium diantha is a species of small sea snail with calcareous opercula, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae, the pheasant snails.	Eulithidium diantha	species
taxon rank	Fluvioviridavis is an extinct genus of bird from the Early Eocene Green River Formation of Wyoming.	Fluvioviridavis	genus
taxon rank	Archaeoglobus is a genus of the phylum Euryarchaeota.	Archaeoglobus	genus
taxon rank	Nectarinia is a genus of bird in the sunbird family, Nectariniidae.	Nectarinia	genus
taxon rank	Harpagofututor is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish from the Mississippian of North America.	Harpagofututor	genus
taxon rank	Archontophoenix is a plant genus comprising six palm species that are native to New South Wales and Queensland in eastern Australia.	Archontophoenix	genus
taxon rank	Otsheridae is a family of small herbivorous anomodont therapsids that are known from the Permian of Russia.	Otsheridae	family
taxon rank	Tetramolopium lepidotum is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Waianae Range tetramolopium.	Tetramolopium lepidotum	species
taxon rank	Serpenticobitis, popularly known as serpent loaches, is a small genus of loaches found in the Mekong River Basin in Southeast Asia.	Serpenticobitis	genus
taxon rank	Gallotia goliath is an extinct giant lizard species from the island of Tenerife of the Canary Islands, Spain.	Gallotia goliath	species
taxon rank	Polygonum spergulariiforme is a North American species of flowering plants in the buckwheat family known by the common name spurry knotweed or fall knotweed.	Polygonum spergulariiforme	species
taxon rank	Pluteus velutinus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Pluteaceae.	Pluteus velutinus	species
taxon rank	Haplocanthosaurus (meaning ``simple spined lizard'') is a genus of sauropod dinosaur.	Haplocanthosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Steinchisma is a genus of plants in the grass family, native to the Americas but a few of them naturalized in Africa.	Steinchisma	genus
taxon rank	Baltoceratidae is an extinct family of orthoconic cephalopods belonging to the subclass Nautiloidea endemic to what would be Asia, Australia, Europe, North America, and South America during the Ordovician living from about 480--460 mya, existing for approximately 20 million years.	Baltoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Awaous flavus is a species of goby native to fresh and brackish waters of rivers and estuaries of South America from Colombia to near the mouth of the Amazon River in Brazil.	Awaous flavus	species
taxon rank	The Scalopini are a tribe of moles belonging to the family Talpidae.	Scalopini	tribe
taxon rank	Blechnum blechnoides or Iquide (Chilean Spanish) is a hard fern species endemic to Chile.	Blechnum blechnoides	species
taxon rank	The sole species is Brasiliocrotonis mamoninha.	Brasiliocroton	species
taxon rank	Scaphandridae is a family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily ???.	Scaphandridae	family
taxon rank	Alopecurus, or foxtail grass, is a common and widespread genus of plants in the grass family.	Alopecurus	genus
taxon rank	Oodemas laysanensis, the Laysan weevil, was a species of beetle in family Curculionidae.	Oodemas laysanensis	species
taxon rank	Nebria hikosana is a species of brown coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Mount Hiko, Kyushu, Japan.	Nebria hikosana	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis is a ray-finned fish genus in the family Cichlidae.	Haplochromis	genus
taxon rank	Isolepis crassiuscula (syn. Scirpus crassiusculus) is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family.	Isolepis crassiuscula	species
taxon rank	Eremiaphila typhon is a species of praying mantis, native to Africa and Asia.	Eremiaphila typhon	species
taxon rank	Conus capitanellus, common name the little captain cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus capitanellus	species
taxon rank	Achnatherum richardsonii is a species of grass known by the common names Richardson's needlegrass, spreading needlegrass, and Canada mountain-ricegrass.	Achnatherum richardsonii	species
taxon rank	Anatoma australis, common name the southern slit shell, is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Anatomidae.	Anatoma australis	species
taxon rank	Finella rufocincta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Scaliolidae.	Finella rufocincta	species
taxon rank	Abraliopsis tui is species of enoploteuthid cephalopod found in the waters around New Zealand and the Kermadec Islands.	Abraliopsis tui	species
taxon rank	Lepanthes acuminata is a species of orchid that occurs from Mexico to northern Venezuela.	Lepanthes acuminata	species
taxon rank	Primnoa is a genus of cnidarians.	Primnoa	genus
taxon rank	Campylorhaphion machaeropse is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod, in the family Eulimidae.	Campylorhaphion machaeropse	species
taxon rank	Herpetopoma mariae is a species of marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chilodontidae.	Herpetopoma mariae	species
taxon rank	Ophrys lunulata, Moon Orchid, is a species of orchid native to the islands of Malta and Sicily in the central Mediterranean.	Ophrys lunulata	species
taxon rank	Hyphopichia is a genus of fungi within the Saccharomycetales order.	Hyphopichia	genus
taxon rank	Tracyina is a genus of Californian plants in the aster tribe within the daisy family.	Tracyina	genus
taxon rank	Chaetosphaeria elegans is a fungus species in the genus Chaetosphaeria.	Chaetosphaeria elegans	species
taxon rank	Arthropodium cirratum (rengarenga, renga lily, New Zealand rock lily, or maikaika) is a species of herbaceous perennial plant, endemic to New Zealand, where it may once have been farmed.	Arthropodium cirratum	species
taxon rank	Alpheus randalli is a species of snapping shrimp in the genus Alpheus.	Alpheus randalli	species
taxon rank	Atriplex argentea is a species of saltbush known by the common names silverscale saltbush and silver orache.	Atriplex argentea	species
taxon rank	Zabrus estrellanus is a species of ground beetle in the Iberozabrus subgenus that is endemic to Portugal.	Zabrus estrellanus	species
taxon rank	Aequidens latifrons or the platinum acara, is a species of fish in the family Cichlidae in the order Perciformes.	Aequidens latifrons	species
taxon rank	Boletus manicus is a species of fungus in the Boletaceae family of mushrooms.	Boletus manicus	species
taxon rank	Cordia dichotoma is a species of flowering tree in the borage family, Boraginaceae, that is native to the Indomalaya ecozone, northern Australia, and western Melanesia.	Cordia dichotoma	species
taxon rank	Clypeobarbus schoutedeni is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is only known from the Dungu River.	Clypeobarbus schoutedeni	species
taxon rank	Aloysia fiebrigii is a species in the genus Aloysia in the family Verbenaceae.	Aloysia fiebrigii	species
taxon rank	Polystachya laxiflora is a species of orchid native to western and west-central tropical Africa.	Polystachya laxiflora	species
taxon rank	Orobanche cooperi is a species of broomrape known by the common name Cooper's broomrape desert broomrape, spike broomrape, and burroweed strangler.	Orobanche cooperi	species
taxon rank	Austrogammarus australis, also known as the ``Dandenong amphipod'' is a species of amphipod crustacean in family Paramelitidae.	Austrogammarus australis	species
taxon rank	Rhyothemis braganza, known as the Iridescent flutterer, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Rhyothemis braganza	species
taxon rank	Orthochromis uvinzae is a species of cichlid endemic to Tanzania where it is only known from its type locality at Uvinza in the middle Malagarasi River drainage.	Orthochromis uvinzae	species
taxon rank	Lactobacillus rhamnosus is a bacterium that originally was considered to be a subspecies of L. casei, but later genetic research found it to be a species of its own.	Lactobacillus rhamnosus	species
taxon rank	Schelkovnikov's pine vole (Microtus schelkovnikovi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Schelkovnikov's pine vole	species
taxon rank	Protocotyle euzetmaillardi Justine, 2011 is a species of monogenean of the family Hexabothriidae Price, 1942.	Protocotyle euzetmaillardi	species
taxon rank	Gonatodes concinnatus, also known as O'Shaughnessy's gecko or collared gecko is a diurnal species of gecko found in Ecuador (Canelos), Colombia, Venezuela, Brazil, and Peru.	Gonatodes concinnatus	species
taxon rank	Galasa lutealis is a species of snout moth in the genus Galasa.	Galasa lutealis	species
taxon rank	Quasipaa spinosa is a species of frog in the family Dicroglossidae.	Quasipaa spinosa	species
taxon rank	The genus name Eoraptor is derived from the Greek word ``eos'' (ηως) meaning ``dawn'', a reference to its primitive nature and the Latin word ``raptor'' meaning ``plunderer'', a reference to its grasping hand.	Eoraptor	genus
taxon rank	Poecilobactris militaris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Poecilobactris.	Poecilobactris militaris	species
taxon rank	Drosophila simulans is a species of fly closely related to D. melanogaster, belonging to the same melanogaster species subgroup.	Drosophila simulans	species
taxon rank	Acromantis montana, common name mountain Acromantis, is a species of praying mantis found in India, Java, and Borneo.	Acromantis montana	species
taxon rank	Crossosoma is a genus of the plant family Crossosomataceae.	Crossosoma	genus
taxon rank	Dorphinaxius kermadecensis is a genus of mud lobster native to the Norfolk Island, parts of New South Wales, and the Kermadec Islands of New Zealand.	Dorphinaxius	genus
taxon rank	Pachylarnax praecalva is a species of plant in the family Magnoliaceae.	Pachylarnax praecalva	species
taxon rank	Papilio morondavana, the Madagascan emperor swallowtail, is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.	Papilio morondavana	species
taxon rank	Nebria carri is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the US state of Idaho.	Nebria carri	species
taxon rank	Smyrna blomfildia, common name Blomfild's Beauty, is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Smyrna blomfildia	species
taxon rank	Hovea montana, commonly known as Alpine Hovea, Mountain Hovea or Alpine Rusty-pods, is shrub species in the family Fabaceae, native to Australia.	Hovea montana	species
taxon rank	Matelea jaramilloi is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae (Dogbane) family.	Matelea jaramilloi	species
taxon rank	Falcipennis is a genus of birds in the grouse family that comprises three very similar species:	Falcipennis	genus
taxon rank	Dascyllus melanurus, known commonly as the four stripe damselfish, blacktail dascyllus, humbug damselfish, blacktail damselfish, and blacktail humbug, is a species of fish in the family Pomacentridae.	Dascyllus melanurus	species
taxon rank	Hederopsis is an extinct genus of the enigmatic hederellids.	Hederopsis	genus
taxon rank	Anomoea is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Cryptocephalinae.	Anomoea	genus
taxon rank	Metynnis is a genus of serrasalmids from tropical and subtropical South America.	Metynnis	genus
taxon rank	Austroponera castaneicolor is an ant species of the subfamily Ponerinae, endemic to the North Island, and the north and north west of the South Island, of New Zealand.	Austroponera castaneicolor	species
taxon rank	Morpho anaxibia is a species of Neotropical butterfly endemic to Brazil.	Morpho anaxibia	species
taxon rank	The Sternophoridae are a family of pseudoscorpions with about 20 described species in three genera.	Sternophoridae	family
taxon rank	Pyrops clavatus is a species of true bug in the family Fulgoridae, in the genus Pyrops which are sometimes called ``lanternflies''.	Pyrops clavatus	species
taxon rank	Kniphofia reflexa is a species of plant which is native to Cameroon and Nigeria.	Kniphofia reflexa	species
taxon rank	Jamides, commonly called ceruleans, is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone, the Palearctic ecozone (Sikkim) and the Australasian ecozone (New Guinea).	Jamides	genus
taxon rank	Dyera costulata (syn. D. laxiflora), the jelutong, is a species of tree in the oleander subfamily.	Dyera costulata	species
taxon rank	Sardinella maderensis (Madeiran sardinella) is a species of small ray-finned fish in the genus Sardinella which is found in the Eastern Atlantic and Southeastern Mediterranean.	Sardinella maderensis	species
taxon rank	In taxonomy, Thermoplasma is a genus of the Thermoplasmataceae.	Thermoplasma	genus
taxon rank	Manfreda maculosa, commonly known as the Texas tuberose or spice lily, is a species of flowering plant related to agaves that is endemic to southern Texas and northeastern Mexico.	Manfreda maculosa	species
taxon rank	Onopordum illyricum is a species of thistle known by the common name Illyrian thistle, or Illyrian cottonthistle.	Onopordum illyricum	species
taxon rank	Porcellio is a genus of woodlice in the family Porcellionidae.	Porcellio	genus
taxon rank	†Partula garretti was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula garretti	species
taxon rank	Lunaspis (``Moon Shield'') is an extinct genus of petalichthyid fish that lived in shallow marine environments of the Early Devonian period.	Lunaspis	genus
taxon rank	Boops (/ˈboʊ.ɒps/; from Greek βόωψ boōps ``cow-eye'') is a genus of ray-finned saltwater fish.	Boops	genus
taxon rank	Mezium americanum, the American spider beetle or black spider beetle, is a species of beetle in the subfamily Ptinidae, the spider beetles.	Mezium americanum	species
taxon rank	The Copan brook frog, Duellmanohyla soralia, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in the Sierra del Merendón range in Guatemala and Honduras.	Copan brook frog	species
taxon rank	Aequidens is a South American genus of fish in the family Cichlidae.	Aequidens	genus
taxon rank	Dieffenbachia seguine, also known as dumbcane, is a species of Dieffenbachia native to the tropical Americas --from Southern Mexico, through Central America, to northern South America and Brazil.	Dieffenbachia seguine	species
taxon rank	Orthaga tritonalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Orthaga.	Orthaga tritonalis	species
taxon rank	Perrunichthys perruno is the only species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the monotypic genus Perrunichthys of the family Pimelodidae.	Perrunichthys perruno	species
taxon rank	Limodorum abortivum, commonly known as Violet Limodore, is a species of myco-heterotrophic, achlorophyllous orchid and is native to central and eastern Europe, western Asia and the Mediterranean area.	Limodorum abortivum	species
taxon rank	Hemiaspis signata (common names: black-bellied swamp snake and marsh snake) is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to Australia, where it is found along the east coast.	Hemiaspis signata	species
taxon rank	There is only one known species, Malperia tenuis.	Malperia	species
taxon rank	The Thermaerobacter are an unassigned genus of bacteria placed within the class clostridia.	Thermaerobacter	genus
taxon rank	Mimoblennius lineathorax is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean, around Réunion.	Mimoblennius lineathorax	species
taxon rank	Pereulixia kosiensis, the Kosi rockskipper, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean.	Pereulixia kosiensis	species
taxon rank	Mimomulciber strandiellus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimomulciber.	Mimomulciber strandiellus	species
taxon rank	Tellervini is a tribe of danaid butterflies with only the one genus Tellervo, with six widely distributed species found in Australia and the Oriental region.	Tellervini	tribe
taxon rank	Rubrobacter xylanophilus is a thermophilic species of bacteria.	Rubrobacter xylanophilus	species
taxon rank	Xestospiza is a genus containing two species of birds with cone-shaped bills that were described on the basis of fossils.	Xestospiza	genus
taxon rank	Loxogramme is a genus of over 20 confirmed species of ferns.	Loxogramme	genus
taxon rank	Papaver umbonatum (Hebrew: פרג אגסני,) also known as the Semitic poppy, is a flowering plant, a species of Papaver native to Israel and Palestine.	Papaver umbonatum	species
taxon rank	Macropharyngodon meleagris, the Black-spotted wrasse, is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean.	Macropharyngodon meleagris	species
taxon rank	Paraceratitella connexa is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Paraceratitella of the family Tephritidae.	Paraceratitella connexa	species
taxon rank	The Bolivian vesper mouse (Calomys boliviae) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Bolivian vesper mouse	species
taxon rank	Psorophora howardii is a species of mosquitoes.	Psorophora howardii	species
taxon rank	Temnodontosaurus eurycephalus is an extict species of marine reptile.	Temnodontosaurus eurycephalus	species
taxon rank	The Oʻahu ʻamakihi (Chlorodrepanis flava) is a species of Hawaiian honeycreeper in the Fringillidae family.	Oʻahu ʻamakihi	species
taxon rank	Cruciata pedemontana, the Piedmont bedstraw, is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae.	Cruciata pedemontana	species
taxon rank	Harttia longipinna is a species of armored catfish of the family endemic to Brazil where it is found in the upper São Francisco River basin.	Harttia longipinna	species
taxon rank	Dryopteris cristata (L.) A. Gray is a species of fern native to wetlands throughout the Northern Hemisphere.	Dryopteris cristata	species
taxon rank	Caenorhabditis remanei is a species of nematode found in North America and Europe, and likely lives throughout the temperate world.	Caenorhabditis remanei	species
taxon rank	Mammillaria geminispina (twin spined cactus) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cactaceae, native to central Mexico.	Mammillaria geminispina	species
taxon rank	Prionothelphusa is a genus of freshwater crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae, containing the single species Prionothelphusa eliasi.	Prionothelphusa	species
taxon rank	Based on our observations we identified the species as Carpophyllum maschalocarpum.	Carpophyllum maschalocarpum	species
taxon rank	Alcalus mariae, common name Mary's frog or Palawan eastern frog is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family.	Alcalus mariae	species
taxon rank	Cacophis a genus of mildly venomous snakes, commonly known as crowned snakes, which are endemic to Australia.	Cacophis	genus
taxon rank	Cryptanaerobacter phenolicus is a gram-positive anaerobic bacterial species in the genus Cryptanaerobacter.	Cryptanaerobacter phenolicus	species
taxon rank	Elaeocarpus sedentarius, known as the Minyon Quandong, is a species of Australian, endangered, mid-sized rainforest trees.	Elaeocarpus sedentarius	species
taxon rank	Leptogorgia hebes, commonly known as the regal sea fan or false sea fan, is a species of soft coral in the family Gorgoniidae.	Leptogorgia hebes	species
taxon rank	Cuscuta approximata is a species of dodder known by the common name alfalfa dodder.	Cuscuta approximata	species
taxon rank	The Yellow Cypripedium (Cypripedium flavum) is a species of orchid.	Cypripedium flavum	species
taxon rank	Chapalichthys is a genus of splitfins endemic to Mexico.	Chapalichthys	genus
taxon rank	Asbecesta verticalis is a species of leaf beetle from the family Chrysomelidae.	Asbecesta verticalis	species
taxon rank	Pachypodium geayi is a species of Pachypodium that originated from Southwest Madagascar.	Pachypodium geayi	species
taxon rank	Juniperus macropoda (Pashto: اوبښته‎ ōbəx̌ta, ``(a species) which sucks water''), also called juniperus excelsa polycarpos, or the Pashtun juniper (Pashto: پښتني صنوبر), is a species of juniper native to northern and central Balochistan in western Pakistan, and southeastern Afghanistan.	Juniperus macropoda	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Absala dorcada, which is found in China, India, Thailand and Vietnam.	Absala	species
taxon rank	Catathyridium is a genus of mainly freshwater American soles native to South America.	Catathyridium	genus
taxon rank	Hyrachyus (from Hyrax and Ancient Greek: ὗς ``pig'') is an extinct genus of perissodactyl mammal that lived in Eocene Europe, North America and Asia.	Hyrachyus	genus
taxon rank	Termitaradus protera is an extinct species of termite bug in the family Termitaphididae known from several Late Oligocene to Early Miocene fossils found in Mexico.	Termitaradus protera	species
taxon rank	Balochisaurus (meaning ``Balochi lizard'', for the Baloch tribes of Pakistan) is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Pakistan.	Balochisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Trochozonites usambarensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Urocyclidae.	Trochozonites usambarensis	species
taxon rank	Culex biscaynensis is a species of mosquito in the genus Culex.	Culex biscaynensis	species
taxon rank	Petroscirtes mitratus, the floral blenny, floral fangblenny, helmeted blenny, or the crested sabretooth blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian ocean.	Petroscirtes mitratus	species
taxon rank	Sesuvium verrucosum is a species of flowering plant in the iceplant family known by the common names western sea-purslane and verrucose sea-purslane.	Sesuvium verrucosum	species
taxon rank	Lagocephalus spadiceus, also known as the half-smooth golden pufferfish, is a species of fish in the Tetraodontidae family.	Lagocephalus spadiceus	species
taxon rank	Entoloma hochstetteri is a species of mushroom found in New Zealand and India.	Entoloma hochstetteri	species
taxon rank	Macrosiphini is a bug tribe in the subfamily Aphidinae.	Macrosiphini	tribe
taxon rank	Argyrodes chionus is a species of tangle-web spider that is endemic to Aldabra in the Seychelles.	Argyrodes chionus	species
taxon rank	Lythraria salicariae is a species of Chrysomelidae family, that is common in Palaearctic Region east to Korea.	Lythraria salicariae	species
taxon rank	The Palaeodictyopteroidea or Paleodictyopterida are an extinct superorder of Palaeozoic beaked insects, characterised by unique mouthparts consisting of 5 stylets.	Palaeodictyopteroidea	superorder
taxon rank	Larinia elegans is an orb-weaving spider species found from Austria to China.	Larinia elegans	species
taxon rank	Atta vollenweideri, common name chaco leafcutter ant, is a species of leaf-cutter ant, a New World ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae of the genus Atta.	Atta vollenweideri	species
taxon rank	Plesitomoxia atra is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, which is in the genus Plesitomoxia.	Plesitomoxia atra	species
taxon rank	Rohdea is a genus of native to eastern Asia (China, Japan, the Himalayas and Indochina).	Rohdea	genus
taxon rank	Tetradymia stenolepis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Mojave cottonthorn.	Tetradymia stenolepis	species
taxon rank	Rhenanorallus is a genus of prehistoric rail which existed in Mainz Basin, Germany during the late Oligocene or early Miocene.	Rhenanorallus	genus
taxon rank	Cylindropuntia californica is a species of cactus known by the common names California cholla, snake cholla, and cane cholla.	Cylindropuntia californica	species
taxon rank	Masdevallia nidifica is a species of orchid found from Central America into northern Peru.	Masdevallia nidifica	species
taxon rank	Barcinosuchus (meaning ``Cerro Barcino Formation's crocodile'') is an extinct genus of carnivorous metasuchian from the early Cretaceous period.	Barcinosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron lemmonii is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Lemmon's fleabane.	Erigeron lemmonii	species
taxon rank	The Aracanidae are a family of bony fishes related to the boxfishes.	Aracanidae	family
taxon rank	Mikadocephalus is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur.	Mikadocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Brickellia betonicifolia (betonyleaf brickellbush) is a Mexican species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Brickellia betonicifolia	species
taxon rank	The Personidae are a family of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Personidae	family
taxon rank	Meconella is a small genus of flowering plants in the poppy family.	Meconella	genus
taxon rank	Melastoma is a genus in the family Melastomataceae.	Melastoma	genus
taxon rank	Polystachya subdiphylla is a species of orchid native to Tanzania, in the Nguru Mountains and Uluguru Mountains.	Polystachya subdiphylla	species
taxon rank	Sarcocystis nesbitti is a species of protozoon.	Sarcocystis nesbitti	species
taxon rank	Carabus hummeli vladobydovi is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Russia, where it can only be found in Maritime Province.	Carabus hummeli vladobydovi	subspecies
taxon rank	Eriastrum abramsii is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Abrams' woollystar.	Eriastrum abramsii	species
taxon rank	Callicarpa dichotoma (common names, Purple Beautyberry or Early Amethyst) is species of beautyberry.	Callicarpa dichotoma	species
taxon rank	Triacanthus biaculeatus, also known as the Short-nosed tripod fish, is a species of marine fish in the family Triacanthidae.	Triacanthus biaculeatus	species
taxon rank	Cathariostachys madagascariensis, the Madagascar giant bamboo or Volohosy in Malagasy language, is a bamboo species found in Madagascar.	Cathariostachys madagascariensis	species
taxon rank	Astragalus anisus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Gunnison milkvetch.	Astragalus anisus	species
taxon rank	The Pebas stubfoot toad (Atelopus spumarius) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Atelopus spumarius	species
taxon rank	The family Ripiphoridae (formerly spelled Rhipiphoridae) is a cosmopolitan group of beetles, commonly known as wedge-shaped beetles, containing some 450 species.	Ripiphoridae	family
taxon rank	Cyprina ligeriensis is an extinct species of saltwater clam, a fossil marine bivalve mollusk in the family Arcticidae.	Cyprina ligeriensis	species
taxon rank	The Zammarini is a tribe of cicadas.	Zammarini	tribe
taxon rank	Bolodon is a genus of extinct mammal from the Lower Cretaceous of Europe, and possibly the Upper Jurassic of North America.	Bolodon	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Ratasa alienalis, which is found in Russia.	Ratasa	species
taxon rank	Gagea trinervia is a Mediterranean species of small bulbous perennial plants lily family.	Gagea trinervia	species
taxon rank	Melica schuetzeana is species of grass in the Poaceae family that is found in Bhutan and in the Chinese provinces Qinghai, Sichuan and Yunnan.	Melica schuetzeana	species
taxon rank	Gilia tenuiflora is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name greater yellowthroat gilia.	Gilia tenuiflora	species
taxon rank	Lobelia deckenii (syn. Lobelia keniensis) is a species of giant lobelia of the mountains of East Africa.	Lobelia deckenii	species
taxon rank	Eulimnadia texana, the Texas clam shrimp or desert shrimp, is a species of crustacean in the family Limnadiidae.	Eulimnadia texana	species
taxon rank	Barisia is a genus of lizards in the family Anguidae.	Barisia	genus
taxon rank	Dromaeosauridae is a family of feathered theropod dinosaurs.	Dromaeosauridae	family
taxon rank	Bellastraea aurea, common name the golden small star, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Bellastraea aurea	species
taxon rank	Agonum variolatum is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to the US state of California.	Agonum variolatum	species
taxon rank	Rheum undulatum is a plant species in the genus Rheum found in Asia.	Rheum undulatum	species
taxon rank	Valenzuela gynapterus is a species of Psocoptera from Caeciliusidae family that can be found in Finland, France, Germany, Latvia, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Romania, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the Netherlands.	Valenzuela gynapterus	species
taxon rank	Antillesoma is a genus of peanut worms (Phylum Sipuncula).	Antillesoma	genus
taxon rank	Diplodonta globus is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Ungulinidae.	Diplodonta globus	species
taxon rank	Suillellus adonis is a species of bolete fungus found in Croatia.	Suillellus adonis	species
taxon rank	Callipogon is a genus of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae.	Callipogon	genus
taxon rank	The Tatama Climbing Salamander (Bolitoglossa tatamae) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Bolitoglossa tatamae	species
taxon rank	The Alvord cutthroat trout, Oncorhynchus clarki alvordensis, was a subspecies of cutthroat trout.	Alvord cutthroat trout	subspecies
taxon rank	Melicope makahae, Makaha Valley melicope, is a species of plant in the citrus family, Rutaceae.	Melicope makahae	species
taxon rank	Paramphilius baudoni is a species of loach catfish found in Cameroon, the Republic of Congo and Gabon.	Paramphilius baudoni	species
taxon rank	Bayerotrochus tangaroanus, common name : the Tangaroan Slit Shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurotomariidae.	Bayerotrochus tangaroanus	species
taxon rank	Ilypnus is a genus of gobies native to the eastern Pacific Ocean coasts of California, USA to Baja California, Mexico.	Ilypnus	genus
taxon rank	Ammonoceratites is an extinct genus of ammonoid cephalopod known from the Albian (upper Lower Cretaceous) of British Columbia, Madagascar, New Zealand, and Japan, included in the Lytoceratidae.	Ammonoceratites	genus
taxon rank	Protremaster is an extinct genus of sea star that lived in the Early Jurassic(Age range: 196.5 to 189.6 Ma).	Protremaster	genus
taxon rank	Pseudoparmena borchmanni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudoparmena.	Pseudoparmena borchmanni	species
taxon rank	Araucaria columnaris, the Coral reef araucaria, Cook pine, New Caledonia pine, Cook araucaria, or columnar araucaria, is a unique species of conifer in the Araucariaceae family.	Araucaria columnaris	species
taxon rank	Ilex gardneriana was a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family.	Ilex gardneriana	species
taxon rank	Asclepias L. (1753), the milkweeds, is an American genus of herbaceous perennial, dicotyledonous plants that contains over 140 known species.	Asclepias	genus
taxon rank	The red bull ant (Myrmecia gulosa), also known as the giant bull ant or ``hoppy joe'', is a species of bulldog ant from the genus Myrmecia.	Myrmecia gulosa	species
taxon rank	Acacia meiantha is a species of flowering plant in the Fabaceae family.	Acacia meiantha	species
taxon rank	Hoya kerrii is a species of Hoya native to the south-east of Asia.	Hoya kerrii	species
taxon rank	Rutilus meidingerii is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family found in Austria, Germany, and Slovakia.	Rutilus meidingerii	species
taxon rank	Ischnacanthus is an extinct genus of fish in the class Acanthodii.	Ischnacanthus	genus
taxon rank	Amphicyclotulus dominicensis is a species of tropical land snail with a gill and an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Neocyclotidae.	Amphicyclotulus dominicensis	species
taxon rank	Clematis napaulensis is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family, Ranunculaceae, native to China and the Indian subcontinent.	Clematis napaulensis	species
taxon rank	Shorea palosapis (also called Philippine Mahogany or White Lauan) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family.	Shorea palosapis	species
taxon rank	Oedaleops is an extinct genus of caseasaur synapsid from the Early Permian of the southwestern United States.	Oedaleops	genus
taxon rank	The Cucarrón or Cucharón (Gyranthera darienensis) is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae sensu lato or Bombacaceae family.	Gyranthera darienensis	species
taxon rank	Leccinum holopus, commonly known as the white birch bolete, white bog bolete, or ghost bolete, is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae found in northern Asia, Europe, and northeastern North America.	Leccinum holopus	species
taxon rank	Kinkonychelys (``Lac Kinkony Study Area turtle'') is an extinct genus of side-necked turtle which existed in Madagascar during the Late Cretaceous period.	Kinkonychelys	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Patagobia thursbyi, which is found in Chile and Argentina where it is known from temperate montane woodlands and grasslands in Patagonia.	Patagobia	species
taxon rank	Historis is a genus of butterflies in the Nymphalidae family found from Mexico to South America.	Historis	genus
taxon rank	Allium altaicum is a species of onion native to Asiatic Russia (Altay, Buryatiya, Zabaykalsky Krai, Irkutsk, Tuva, Amur Oblast), Mongolia, Kazakhstan and northern China (Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang and Xinjiang).	Allium altaicum	species
taxon rank	Mazocraeidae is a flatworms family in the order Mazocraeidea.	Mazocraeidae	family
taxon rank	†Onychochilidae is an extinct family of small, fossil, upper Cambrian to lower Devonian molluscs.	Onychochilidae	family
taxon rank	Aeschronectida is an extinct order of mantis shrimp-like crustaceans which lived in the Mississippian subperiod in what is now Montana.	Aeschronectida	order
taxon rank	Cocytius is a genus of hawkmoths.	Cocytius	genus
taxon rank	Centrolene lynchi, sometimes known as the Lynch's giant glass frog, is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.	Centrolene lynchi	species
taxon rank	Alcyonidium diaphanum or the ``Sea-chervil'' is a species of bryozoan found in the North Atlantic.	Alcyonidium diaphanum	species
taxon rank	Cerastium glomeratum is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names sticky mouse-ear chickweed and clammy chickweed.	Cerastium glomeratum	species
taxon rank	Rhinotyphlops is a genus of blind snakes found in Africa, the Middle East and India.	Rhinotyphlops	genus
taxon rank	Ribes hirtellum is a North American species of gooseberry known by the common names American gooseberry, hairy-stem gooseberry, hairy gooseberry, and wedge-leaf gooseberry, native to Canada and to the northeastern and north-central United States.	Ribes hirtellum	species
taxon rank	Parischnogaster jacobsoni is a species of social wasp within Parischnogaster, the largest and least known genus of Stenogastrinae.	Parischnogaster jacobsoni	species
taxon rank	Balsamorhiza macrolepis is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower tribe of the aster family, known by the common name California balsamroot.	Balsamorhiza macrolepis	species
taxon rank	Aethriamanta circumsignata known as the square-spot basker is a species of dragonfly in the Libellulidae family.	Aethriamanta circumsignata	species
taxon rank	Archaeosporales is an order of fungi that may form arbuscular mycorrhiza or endocytosymbioses with cyanobacteria.	Archaeosporales	order
taxon rank	Haloquadratum walsbyi is a species of archaea discovered in a brine pool in the Sinai peninsula of Egypt.	Haloquadratum walsbyi	species
taxon rank	Rhopalogaster is a genus of hypogeous Basidiomycetes.	Rhopalogaster	genus
taxon rank	Amynothrips andersoni is a species of thrips known as alligator weed thrips.	Amynothrips andersoni	species
taxon rank	Brodavis is a genus of freshwater hesperornithiform birds known from the Late Cretaceous (possibly Campanian and Maastrichtian stage) of North America and Asia.	Brodavis	genus
taxon rank	Lilaeopsis genus of several species of flowering plants in the family Apiaceae.Known commonly as grassworts.	Lilaeopsis	genus
taxon rank	Girella cyanea, the blue drummer, is a species of sea chub native to inshore waters, around 6 metres (20 ft) depth, from Australia to New Zealand and the Kermadec Islands.	Girella cyanea	species
taxon rank	Minolia subangulata, common name the subangular margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.	Minolia subangulata	species
taxon rank	Rhadinosuchus is an extinct genus of proterochampsian archosauriform reptile from the Late Triassic.	Rhadinosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Tegula gallina (or commonly, Speckled Tegula) is a North American species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.	Tegula gallina	species
taxon rank	Presbyornis is an extinct genus of anseriform bird.	Presbyornis	genus
taxon rank	Napecoetes is a genus of moths in the family Psychidae.	Napecoetes	genus
taxon rank	Bagrichthys obscurus is a species of bagrid catfish which is found in Cambodia, Laos, Thailand and Vietnam where it is found in the Chao Phraya, Bang Pakong and Mekong drainages.	Bagrichthys obscurus	species
taxon rank	Hoplostethus vniro is a small deep-sea fish species belonging to the slimehead family (Trachichthyidae).	Hoplostethus vniro	species
taxon rank	Sticta venosa is a species of lichen in the family Lobariaceae.	Sticta venosa	species
taxon rank	Metacmaeops vittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Metacmaeops.	Metacmaeops	genus
taxon rank	Neotomoxia castaneroides is a species of beetle in the Neotomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family, which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily.	Neotomoxia castaneroides	species
taxon rank	Psammobatis is a genus of fish in the Rajidae family.	Psammobatis	genus
taxon rank	Mimulus tilingii is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Tiling's monkeyflower.	Mimulus tilingii	species
taxon rank	Xylia xylocarpa is a species of tree in the Mimosoideae subfamily of the Fabaceae family.	Xylia xylocarpa	species
taxon rank	Eunephrops is a genus of lobsters, containing four species, all found in the Western Atlantic Ocean:	Eunephrops	genus
taxon rank	Penstemon personatus is an uncommon species of penstemon known by the common name closethroat beardtongue.	Penstemon personatus	species
taxon rank	Geastrum jurei is a species of fungus in the Geastrales, or earthstar fungi.	Geastrum jurei	species
taxon rank	Ariomma is a genus of deepwater, marine perciform fishes.	Ariomma	genus
taxon rank	Austroplatypus incompertus is a species of ambrosia beetle belonging to the weevil family, native to Australia, with a verified distribution in New South Wales and Victoria.	Austroplatypus incompertus	species
taxon rank	Quercus oocarpa is a Mesoamerican species of oak in the beech family.	Quercus oocarpa	species
taxon rank	Helicina orbiculata, also known as Helicina (Oligyra) orbiculata and as Oligyra orbiculata, is a species of land snail with an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Helicinidae.	Helicina orbiculata	species
taxon rank	Teratohyla is a small genus of glassfrogs in subfamily Centroleninae.	Teratohyla	genus
taxon rank	Inanidrilus is a genus of marine Annelid worms.	Inanidrilus	genus
taxon rank	Nepenthes tomoriana (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz təmɒriˈɑːnə/; after Tomori Bay, from which the type originates) is a species of pitcher plant endemic to Sulawesi, where it grows at an elevation of 0--500 m above sea level.	Nepenthes tomoriana	species
taxon rank	Ficus lacunata is a species of plant in the family Moraceae which is endemic to Ecuador.	Ficus lacunata	species
taxon rank	Ostrya knowltonii is a species of tree known by the common names Knowlton's hophornbeam, western hophornbeam, woolly hophornbeam, and wolf hophornbeam.	Ostrya knowltonii	species
taxon rank	The only known species is Zygochloa paradoxa, commonly known as sandhill canegrass.	Zygochloa	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis greenwoodi is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where they are found in the southeastern portion of the lake.	Haplochromis greenwoodi	species
taxon rank	Disa purpurascens is a species of orchid found in South Africa (SW. Cape Prov.).	Disa purpurascens	species
taxon rank	Urophora mauritanica is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.	Urophora mauritanica	species
taxon rank	The Philippine coucal (Centropus viridis) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.	Philippine coucal	species
taxon rank	Species The only known species in the genus is Shinnersia rivularis, the Rio Grande bugheal or Mexican oak leaf plant, native to Texas, Coahuila, and Nuevo León.	Shinnersia	species
taxon rank	Galinsoga mollis is a rare Mexican species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Galinsoga mollis	species
taxon rank	Patinopecten yessoensis (Yesso scallop, Giant Ezo scallop, Ezo giant scallop) is a species of scallop.	Patinopecten yessoensis	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Santschiella kohli, described by Forel in 1916 from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Santschiella	species
taxon rank	Estonioceras is an extinct genus of tarphyceridan nautiloid from the Ordovician of Europe.	Estonioceras	genus
taxon rank	Allium pendulinum, called Italian garlic, is a plant species known only from Sardinia, Sicily, Corsica and mainland Italy.	Allium pendulinum	species
taxon rank	Senecio antisanae is a species of Senecio in the Asteraceae family found only in the subtropical or tropical moist montane region of Ecuador.	Senecio antisanae	species
taxon rank	Zodarion remotum is a spider species found in Corsica and Italy.	Zodarion remotum	species
taxon rank	Uropappus, commonly called silverpuffs, is a genus of North American plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Uropappus	genus
taxon rank	The West African lion (Panthera leo senegalensis), also known as the Senegal lion, is a lion subspecies native to western Africa.	West African lion	subspecies
taxon rank	Gigantosaurus (from the Greek ``Γίγας'' and ``σαυρος'', meaning ``giant lizard'') is a sauropod dinosaur genus from the Late Jurassic Kimmeridge Clay Formation of England.	Gigantosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The species Paranauchenia denticulata lived in the Miocene epoch in Argentina.	Paranauchenia	species
taxon rank	Lactarius vietus (commonly known as the grey milkcap) is a species of fungus in the family Russulaceae, first described by Elias Magnus Fries.	Lactarius vietus	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Dejoannisia pallidella, which is found in Mozambique.	Dejoannisia	species
taxon rank	Homotrysis is a genus of darkling beetle, described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1866.	Homotrysis	genus
taxon rank	Hypancistrus inspector is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it occurs in the upper Negro, Casiquiare and upper Orinoco River basins.	Hypancistrus inspector	species
taxon rank	Teocchiana pallida is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Teocchiana.	Teocchiana pallida	species
taxon rank	The Chamula mountain brook frog, Duellmanohyla chamulae, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico.	Chamula mountain brook frog	species
taxon rank	Epapterus blohmi is a species of driftwood catfish distributed in the Orinoco River basin and Tuy River of the Caribbean coast of Venezuela.	Epapterus blohmi	species
taxon rank	Omomyidae is a family of early primates that radiated during the Eocene epoch between about 55 to 34 million years ago (mya).	Omomyidae	family
taxon rank	Artipe is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone, the Palearctic ecozone (Himalayas - China) and the Australasian ecozone (New Guinea).	Artipe	genus
taxon rank	Lactobacillus parakefiri is a species in the genus Lactobacillus first isolated from kefir grains, hence its name.	Lactobacillus parakefiri	species
taxon rank	Lybia australiensis is a species of small crab in the family Xanthidae.	Lybia australiensis	species
taxon rank	Sinowilsonia is a monotypic genus of plant containing the single species Sinowilsonia henryi.	Sinowilsonia	species
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos tomentosa is a species of manzanita known by the common name woollyleaf manzanita or woolley manzanita.	Arctostaphylos tomentosa	species
taxon rank	Hesperocolletes douglasi, the Rottnest bee, is an extinct species described from a single specimen collected in 1938.	Hesperocolletes douglasi	species
taxon rank	Epimecis hortaria, the tulip-tree beauty, is a species of Ennominae found in North America.	Epimecis hortaria	species
taxon rank	Ophrys tenthredinifera, the sawfly orchid, is a terrestrial species of orchid native to the Mediterranean region from Portugal and Morocco to Turkey.	Ophrys tenthredinifera	species
taxon rank	Ictalurus lupus (the bagre lobo or headwater catfish) is a species of catfish in the family Ictaluridae.	Ictalurus lupus	species
taxon rank	Paravitrea clappi is a species of land snail in the family Zonitidae, the true glass snails.	Paravitrea clappi	species
taxon rank	Penstemon degeneri is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Degener's beardtongue.	Penstemon degeneri	species
taxon rank	The restless demon, (Indothemis limbata) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Indothemis limbata	species
taxon rank	Priocnemis coriacea is a large species of pepsid spider wasp characterised by having plentiful erect hair on the face and propodum.	Priocnemis coriacea	species
taxon rank	The Andropogoneae, sometimes called the sorghum tribe, are a large tribe of grasses (family Poaceae) with roughly 1,200 species in 90 genera, mainly distributed in tropical and subtropical areas.	Andropogoneae	tribe
taxon rank	Mammillaria carmenae (Isla Carmen pincushion cactus) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cactaceae.	Mammillaria carmenae	species
taxon rank	Salvia indica is a species of herbaceous perennial plant belonging to the family Lamiaceae.	Salvia indica	species
taxon rank	Gundlachia triantha, the TransPecos goldenshrub or Trans-Pecos desert goldenrod, is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Gundlachia triantha	species
taxon rank	In 2008, the genus Sophronitis was merged into Cattleya, making such nothogenera as Potinara, Sophrolaeliocattleya and Sophrocattleya no longer current, but only of historical interest.	Potinara	genus
taxon rank	Saniwa is an extinct genus of monitor lizards that lived during the Eocene epoch around 48 million years ago.	Saniwa	genus
taxon rank	Emblemariopsis ramirezi is a species of chaenopsid blenny known from Venezuela, in the western central Atlantic ocean.	Emblemariopsis ramirezi	species
taxon rank	Plagiopyla is a genus of ciliate.	Plagiopyla	genus
taxon rank	Venerupis philippinarum is an edible species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Veneridae, the Venus clams.	Venerupis philippinarum	species
taxon rank	Conus omaria, common name the Omaria cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus omaria	species
taxon rank	The Long-nosed bandicoots (genus Perameles) are members of the order Peramelemorphia.	Perameles	genus
taxon rank	Camassia cusickii, common name Cussick's camas, is a species of plant in the Asparagaceae family (subfamily Agavoideae).	Camassia cusickii	species
taxon rank	Polystachya farinosa is a species of flowering plant in the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Polystachya farinosa	species
taxon rank	Cassida is a large genus of tortoise beetles in the subfamily Hispinae.	Cassida	genus
taxon rank	Phoenicopteridae is a wading bird family including flamingos and their close extinct relatives.	Phoenicopteridae	family
taxon rank	Clematis coactilis, common name Virginia white-hair leather flower, is a plant species endemic to the western part of the US State of Virginia.	Clematis coactilis	species
taxon rank	Aspidoceras is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus that lived during the Late Jurassic (Kimmeridgian) with a fairly broad distribution.	Aspidoceras	genus
taxon rank	Haemogregarina is a genus of haemoprotozoans, parasitic mainly on cold-blooded vertebrates.	Haemogregarina	genus
taxon rank	Senecio mohavensis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Mojave ragwort.	Senecio mohavensis	species
taxon rank	Gutierrezia wrightii is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Wright's snakeweed.	Gutierrezia wrightii	species
taxon rank	Crossosoma bigelovii, known by the common name ragged rockflower, is one of only a few species in the flowering plant family Crossosomataceae.	Crossosoma bigelovii	species
taxon rank	The genus Systropha comprises several species of Old World sweat bees, primarily specialist pollinators of plants in the genus Convolvulus.	Systropha	genus
taxon rank	Jianchangopterus is a genus of scaphognathine rhamphorhynchid pterosaur from the Middle Jurassic of western Liaoning, China.	Jianchangopterus	genus
taxon rank	Dolichuranus is an extinct genus of dicynodont therapsid from the Middle Triassic of Africa.	Dolichuranus	genus
taxon rank	Cylindrosybra albomaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cylindrosybra.	Cylindrosybra albomaculata	species
taxon rank	Azibiidae is an extinct family of fossil primate from the late early or early middle Eocene from the Glib Zegdou Formation in the Gour Lazib area of Algeria.	Azibiidae	family
taxon rank	Assiminea gittenbergeri is a species of minute operculate snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae.	Assiminea gittenbergeri	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Trichodothella blumeri.	Trichodothella	species
taxon rank	Pilophorus perplexus is a species of bug in the Miridae family that can be found everywhere in Europe (except for Azores, Canary Islands, Cyprus, Iceland, Island, and Novaya Zemlya).	Pilophorus perplexus	species
taxon rank	Allium tripterum is a plant species endemic to a small region near Mingora, in northwestern Pakistan.	Allium tripterum	species
taxon rank	Cartieraspis is an extinct genus of placoderm fish, which lived during the Middle Devonian period in North America.	Cartieraspis	genus
taxon rank	Quasicyclotosaurus is an extinct genus of mastodonsauroid temnospondyl of the Moenkopi Formation.	Quasicyclotosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Heterostropha was a previously used taxonomic category, an order of sea snails, within the superorder Heterobranchia.	Heterostropha	order
taxon rank	Veronicella cubensis, common name the Cuban slug, is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae, the leatherleaf slugs.	Veronicella cubensis	species
taxon rank	Schiedea spergulina is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name canyon schiedea and spreading schiedea.	Schiedea spergulina	species
taxon rank	Pseudograpsus setosus (Spanish: jaiba peluda) is a species of edible crab endemic to the coasts of Chile, Ecuador and Peru; it is a benthic predator that lives in the subtidal and intertidal zones in temperate waters from sea levels down to depths of 45 metres (150 ft).	Pseudograpsus setosus	species
taxon rank	The Gonorynchiformes are an order of ray-finned fish that includes the important food source, the milkfish (Chanos chanos, family Chanidae), and a number of lesser-known types, both marine and freshwater.	Gonorynchiformes	order
taxon rank	Syncrossus hymenophysa (commonly known as tiger loach, tiger botia or green tiger loach) is a species of freshwater fish in the loach family Botiidae.	Syncrossus hymenophysa	species
taxon rank	Erythronium umbilicatum (Dimpled trout lily) is a species of flowering plant in the lily family.	Erythronium umbilicatum	species
taxon rank	Koiloskiosaurus is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile from the Early Triassic of Germany.	Koiloskiosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Huntleya citrina is a species of orchid that occurs in western Colombia and Ecuador.	Huntleya citrina	species
taxon rank	Himantoglossum adriaticum, the Adriatic lizard orchid, is a species of orchid native to Italy, Croatia, Austria, and the Czech Republic.	Himantoglossum adriaticum	species
taxon rank	Bryopsidophyceae is a class of chlorophyte green algae.	Bryopsidophyceae	class
taxon rank	Mastodonsaurus (meaning ``breast tooth lizard'') is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Middle Triassic.	Mastodonsaurus	genus
taxon rank	Dendropemon is a genus of mistletoes which is endemic to the Caribbean.	Dendropemon	genus
taxon rank	Antodynerus is an afrotropical and indomalayan genus of potter wasps.	Antodynerus	genus
taxon rank	Orthochilus ensatus is a species of orchid, occurring from Mozambique to South Africa.	Orthochilus ensatus	species
taxon rank	Resnova humifusa is a bulbous perennial plant species in the genus Resnova found in South Africa.	Resnova humifusa	species
taxon rank	The Biak scrubfowl or Biak megapode (Megapodius geelvinkianus) is a species of bird in the Megapodiidae family.	Biak scrubfowl	species
taxon rank	Ziziphus nummularia, also called Jharber (Hindi: झड बेर), is a species of Ziziphus native to the Thar Desert of western India and southeastern Pakistan and south Iran (where it is called رمیلک ramilak in Persian).	Ziziphus nummularia	species
taxon rank	Hassar orestis is a species of thorny catfish that is native to the countries of Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana, Peru and Venezuela.	Hassar orestis	species
taxon rank	Allium borszczowii is a plant species native to Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Iran, Afghanistan and Pakistan.	Allium borszczowii	species
taxon rank	Sphaeromeria simplex is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Laramie chickensage and Laramie false sagebrush.	Sphaeromeria simplex	species
taxon rank	Digitalis (/ˌdɪdʒᵻˈteɪlᵻs/ or /ˌdɪdʒᵻˈtælᵻs/) is a genus of about 20 species of herbaceous perennials, shrubs, and biennials commonly called foxgloves.	Digitalis	genus
taxon rank	Neoferdina is a genus of starfish in the family Goniasteridae.	Neoferdina	genus
taxon rank	The Bulgariaceae are a family of fungi in the order Helotiales.	Bulgariaceae	family
taxon rank	Cichla orinocensis, sometimes known as the Orinoco peacock bass (``peacock bass'' is also used for some of its relatives), is a very large species of cichlid.	Cichla orinocensis	species
taxon rank	Agropyron is a genus of Eurasian plants in the grass family), native to Europe and Asia but widely naturalized in North America.	Agropyron	genus
taxon rank	Eucalyptus langleyi, commonly known as Green Mallee Ash, Nowra Mallee, Nowra Mallee Ash or Albatross Mallee is an endangered Eucalyptus species native to south-eastern New South Wales, Australia.	Eucalyptus langleyi	species
taxon rank	Streptanthella is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the mustard family containing the single species Streptanthella longirostris, which is known by the common name longbeak streptanthella, or simply streptanthella.	Streptanthella	species
taxon rank	Deraeocoris schach is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae, subfamily Deraeocorinae.	Deraeocoris schach	species
taxon rank	Bothriochloa saccharoides is a species of grass known by the common name silver bluestem.	Bothriochloa saccharoides	species
taxon rank	Archaeoattacus edwardsii, common name Edward's Atlas Moth, is a species of moths belonging to the Saturniidae family, Saturniinae subfamily.	Archaeoattacus edwardsii	species
taxon rank	Rubus geoides is a South American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus geoides	species
taxon rank	Sesleria heufleriana is a species of perennial grass in the Poaceae family, native to central, southeastern, and eastern Europe and the Caucasus.	Sesleria heufleriana	species
taxon rank	Henosepilachna vigintisexpunctata, common name twentysix-spotted potato ladybird is a ladybird species.	Henosepilachna vigintisexpunctata	species
taxon rank	Oncidium incurvum is a species of orchid endemic to Mexico (Veracruz to Chiapas).	Oncidium incurvum	species
taxon rank	Noteridae is a family of water beetles closely related to the Dytiscidae, and formerly classified with them.	Noteridae	family
taxon rank	The Percophidae, duckbills, are a family of perciform fishes found in tropical and subtropical waters of the Atlantic and Indian Oceans and in the southwestern and southeastern Pacific.	Percophidae	family
taxon rank	Delphinium cardinale is a species of larkspur known by the common names scarlet larkspur and cardinal larkspur.	Delphinium cardinale	species
taxon rank	Nursallia is an extinct genus of pycnodontid ray-finned fishes, ranging from the Late Cretaceous period until its extinction during the Eocene (from 99.7 to 94.3 Ma).	Nursallia	genus
taxon rank	Blechnum colensoi, also known as Colenso's hard fern, waterfall fern or peretao is a species of fern native to New Zealand.	Blechnum colensoi	species
taxon rank	Cystidicoloides tenuissima is a species of nematode in the order Spirurida.	Cystidicoloides tenuissima	species
taxon rank	Dundocharax bidentatus is a species of distichodontid fish endemic to Angola, where it is found in the Lucoge River.	Dundocharax bidentatus	species
taxon rank	Metallosticha plumbeifasciella is a species of snout moth in the genus Metallosticha.	Metallosticha plumbeifasciella	species
taxon rank	Sideroxylon alachuense, known by the common names Alachua bully, silver bully and silvery buckthorn, is a plant species native to the US States of Georgia and Florida.	Sideroxylon alachuense	species
taxon rank	Aloe tenuior is an extremely variable species.	Aloe tenuior	species
taxon rank	Seddera spinosa is a species of plant in the Convolvulaceae family.	Seddera spinosa	species
taxon rank	Conus stercusmuscarum, common name the fly-specked cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus stercusmuscarum	species
taxon rank	The genus Hydrochoerus contains two living species of capybaras from South America and Panama, the largest living rodents in the world.	Hydrochoerus	genus
taxon rank	Jacquemontia reclinata is a rare species of flowering plant in the morning glory family known by the common names beach clustervine, reclined clustervine, and beach jacquemontia.	Jacquemontia reclinata	species
taxon rank	Icarosaurus (meaning ``Icarus lizard'') is an extinct genus of kuehneosaurid reptile from the Late Triassic (Carnian age) Lower Lockatong Formation of New Jersey, dated to around 228 million years ago.	Icarosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Bagarius rutilus is a species of sisorid catfish native to Laos, Vietnam and Yunnan in China where it is found in the Nam Sam, Nam Ma and Red River basins.	Bagarius rutilus	species
taxon rank	Vesperus conicicollis is a species of brown coloured beetle in the Vesperidae family that can be found in Portugal, Spain, and on the island of Sardinia.	Vesperus conicicollis	species
taxon rank	Eocyclotosaurus is an extinct genus of mastodonsauroid temnospondyl from the Middle Triassic (Anisian).	Eocyclotosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Cassiope lycopodioides, Haida Gwaii mountain-heather or clubmoss mountain heather, is a plant species native to southern Alaska, British Columbia, and the US State of Washington.	Cassiope lycopodioides	species
taxon rank	Melica hunzikeri is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to southern South America.	Melica hunzikeri	species
taxon rank	Limnonectes liui is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Limnonectes liui	species
taxon rank	Pseudergolis is a butterfly genus from the family Nymphalidae found in Southeast Asia.	Pseudergolis	genus
taxon rank	Heliamphora glabra (Latin: glaber = bald) is a species of marsh pitcher plant native to Serra do Sol in Venezuela.	Heliamphora glabra	species
taxon rank	Neoiphinoe arctica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae, the cap snails.	Neoiphinoe arctica	species
taxon rank	Vernonia is a genus of about 1000 species of forbs and shrubs in the family Asteraceae.	Vernonia	genus
taxon rank	Aplestosuchus is an extinct genus of baurusuchid mesoeucrocodylian known from the Late Cretaceous Adamantina Formation of São Paulo, southern Brazil.	Aplestosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Pogonia japonica is a species of orchid occurring in East Asia.	Pogonia japonica	species
taxon rank	Angulus emarginatus is a species of Angulus bivalve, mainly distbed in tidal zone of Mainland China.	Angulus emarginatus	species
taxon rank	Seitaad is a genus of sauropodomorph dinosaur which lived during the lower Jurassic period in what is now southern Utah, USA.	Seitaad	genus
taxon rank	Hiatellidae is a taxonomic family of small saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs.	Hiatellidae	family
taxon rank	Scelidomachus socotranus is a species of spider found on the island of Socotra in the Indian Ocean.	Scelidomachus	species
taxon rank	Lithophaga bisulcata, or the mahogany date mussel, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae.	Lithophaga bisulcata	species
taxon rank	Dodecatheon hendersonii is a species of flowering plant in the family Primulaceae, native to western North America, from California north to southern British Columbia and Idaho.	Dodecatheon hendersonii	species
taxon rank	Ochlerotatus is a genus of mosquito.	Ochlerotatus	genus
taxon rank	Delarbrea balansae is a species of flowering plant of family Myodocarpaceae endemic to New Caledonia.	Delarbrea balansae	species
taxon rank	Zamioculcas (Common name ``Zanzibar Gem'') is a genus of flowering plant in the family Araceae, containing the single species Zamioculcas zamiifolia.	Zamioculcas	species
taxon rank	Ichnotropis is a genus of African lizards in the family Lacertidae.	Ichnotropis	genus
taxon rank	Dorsanum miran, common name : the Moroccan bullia, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Dorsanum miran	species
taxon rank	Agnoderus gnomoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Agnoderus.	Agnoderus gnomoides	species
taxon rank	The Mascarene owls were those belonging to the genus Mascarenotus.	Mascarene owls	genus
taxon rank	Western bean cutworm (Striacosta albicosta) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family and the only member of the Striacosta genus.	Western bean cutworm	species
taxon rank	Pectinodon is a genus of dinosaurs from the Late Cretaceous period (66 mya).	Pectinodon	genus
taxon rank	Russula brevipes is a species of mushroom commonly known as the short-stemmed russula or the stubby brittlegill.	Russula brevipes	species
taxon rank	Notocheirus hubbsi is a species of surf sardine found along the Pacific coast of Argentina and Chile.	Notocheirus hubbsi	species
taxon rank	Brachinus psophia is a species of ground beetle from the Brachininae subfamily that can be found in Bulgaria,Greece, Italy, Albania, Austria, Czech Republic, France, Hungary, Moldova, Slovakia, Ukraine, all states of former Yugoslavia (except for Macedonia), and in Western Europe.	Brachinus psophia	species
taxon rank	Paracorynactis hoplites, usually known as the hoplites corallimorph, is a species of corallimorph from the western Indo-West Pacific.	Paracorynactis hoplites	species
taxon rank	Euptelea is a genus of two species of flowering plants in the monogeneric family Eupteleaceae.	Euptelea	genus
taxon rank	Sufflogobius bibarbatus, the Bearded Goby or Pelagic Goby, is a species of goby native to the southeastern Atlantic Ocean.	Sufflogobius bibarbatus	species
taxon rank	Athylia viduata is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily.	Athylia viduata	species
taxon rank	Protospinax is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish found in the Solnhofen limestones of southern Bavaria.	Protospinax	genus
taxon rank	Pseudovertagus aluco, common name Aluco Vertagus or Cuming's Cerith, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae, the ceriths.	Pseudovertagus aluco	species
taxon rank	Bursa verrucosa is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Bursidae, known as the frog shells.	Bursa verrucosa	species
taxon rank	Quirimbaua castroi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Quirimbaua.	Quirimbaua castroi	species
taxon rank	Montiaceae are a family of flowering plants, comprising about 14 genera with some 500 species, ranging from herbaceous plants to shrubs.	Montiaceae	family
taxon rank	Lapampasaurus is an extinct genus of hadrosaurid iguanodont known from the Late Cretaceous Allen Formation (late Campanian or early Maastrichtian stage) of La Pampa Province, Argentina.	Lapampasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Apatosuchus is an extinct genus of non-crocodylomorph loricatan pseudosuchian known from the Late Triassic of Germany.	Apatosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Afrolimnophila joana is a species of Limoniid crane fly in the family Limoniidae.	Afrolimnophila joana	species
taxon rank	Blepisanis basirufipennis is a beetle species from the Cerambycidae family.	Blepisanis basirufipennis	species
taxon rank	Carabus lefebvrei is a species of bluish-black coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily, that is endemic to Sicily.	Carabus lefebvrei	species
taxon rank	Coccinella novemnotata, the nine-spotted ladybug or nine-spotted lady beetle, is a species of ladybug native to North America.	Coccinella novemnotata	species
taxon rank	Leucoagaricus leucothites, white dapperling, or white Agaricus mushroom, is a species of agaric fungus.	Leucoagaricus leucothites	species
taxon rank	Tilia nasczokinii is considered a threatened species and included in the Red Book of Krasnoyarsk Krai.	Tilia nasczokinii	species
taxon rank	Vombisidris is a genus of subarboreal and arboreal ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Vombisidris	genus
taxon rank	Eupatorus is a genus of rhinoceros beetles.	Eupatorus	genus
taxon rank	Raja rhina, also known as the longnose skate, is a species of skate mostly found on the Alaska Coastline, Eastern Bering Sea, Baja California, and the Gulf of California.	Raja rhina	species
taxon rank	Asterias forbesi, commonly known as Forbes sea star, is a species of starfish in the family Asteriidae.	Asterias forbesi	species
taxon rank	Saribus is a genus of palms (family Arecaceae), native to Southeast Asia and Papuasia.	Saribus	genus
taxon rank	Lophocalotes is a genus of agamid lizard, containing a single species, Lophocalotes ludekingi, endemic to Sumatra, Indonesia, commonly called the crested lizard.	Lophocalotes	species
taxon rank	Rhipidomys is a genus of rodents in the family Cricetidae, comprising at least 18 species of climbing mouse:	Rhipidomys	genus
taxon rank	Diplotaxodon is a small genus of seven formally described, as well as a number of undescribed, deep-water species of cichlid fish endemic to Lake Malawi in east Africa.	Diplotaxodon	genus
taxon rank	Symmorium is an extinct genus of stethacanthid shark.	Symmorium	genus
taxon rank	Tellimya ferruginosa is a species of small marine bivalve mollusc in the family Montacutidae.	Tellimya ferruginosa	species
taxon rank	Grylloblatta campodeiformis, also known as the Northern Rock Crawler, is an omnivorous species of insect in family Grylloblattidae.	Grylloblatta campodeiformis	species
taxon rank	The parrot family Psittaculidae consists of five subfamilies, the Platycercinae, Psittacellinae, Loriinae, Agapornithinae and Psittaculinae.	Psittaculidae	family
taxon rank	Buccinum baeri, common name Baer's Buccinum, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Buccinum baeri	species
taxon rank	Phacochoerus is a genus of wild pigs in the family Suidae, known as warthogs.	Phacochoerus	genus
taxon rank	Chlorophorus is a genus of round-necked longhorns belonging to the family Cerambycidae, subfamily Cerambycinae.	Chlorophorus	genus
taxon rank	Gethyllis (probably from Greek ``gethyon'', bulb), commonly called Kukumakranka, Koekemakranka, or Kroekemakrank, is a genus of bulbous plant in the Amaryllis family.	Gethyllis	genus
taxon rank	Hedera algeriensis (Algerian ivy; syn. Hedera canariensis var. algeriensis Willd) is a species of evergreen ivy native to the North African coast, including coastal mountains in Algeria.	Hedera algeriensis	species
taxon rank	Cooper's mountain squirrel (Paraxerus cooperi) is a species of rodents in the family Sciuridae found in Cameroon and Nigeria.	Cooper's mountain squirrel	species
taxon rank	Ophiogobius is a genus of gobies native to the coastal Pacific and Atlantic waters of southern South America.	Ophiogobius	genus
taxon rank	Triops longicaudatus is one of the oldest animal species still in existence.	Triops longicaudatus	species
taxon rank	Strobilomyces foveatus is a little-known species of fungus in the Boletaceae family.	Strobilomyces foveatus	species
taxon rank	Funastrum clausum, commonly known as white twinevine, is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family, Apocynaceae.	Funastrum clausum	species
taxon rank	Tetradymia comosa is a species of flowering plant in the aster family, known by the common name hairy horsebrush.	Tetradymia comosa	species
taxon rank	Garrya flavescens is a species of flowering shrub, known by the common name ashy silktassel.	Garrya flavescens	species
taxon rank	The genus it is considered monotypic, with the single species Nemaxera betulinella placed here.	Nemaxera	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Erikssonopsis ericae.	Erikssonopsis	species
taxon rank	Bifidunguiglenea gestroi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Bifidunguiglenea.	Bifidunguiglenea gestroi	species
taxon rank	Saltanecydalopsis irwini is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Saltanecydalopsis.	Saltanecydalopsis	species
taxon rank	Cinnamodendron cubense is a species of flowering plant in the family Canellaceae.	Cinnamodendron cubense	species
taxon rank	Cyathula is a genus of medicinal and ornamental plants in the family Amaranthaceae.	Cyathula	genus
taxon rank	Herpetotherium is an extinct genus of metatherian mammal.	Herpetotherium	genus
taxon rank	Pyrgomantis simillima is a species of praying mantis found in Tanzania, Transvaal, and Zimbabwe.	Pyrgomantis simillima	species
taxon rank	Angiostrongylus vasorum, also known as French heartworm, is a species of parasitic nematode in the family Metastrongylidae.	Angiostrongylus vasorum	species
taxon rank	Rhynchactis macrothrix is a species of whipnose angler found in the Atlantic and western Indian Oceans where it is found at depths of around 2,000 metres (6,600 ft).	Rhynchactis macrothrix	species
taxon rank	Copadichromis ilesi is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family, which is endemic to Lake Malawi.	Copadichromis ilesi	species
taxon rank	Agathotoma aculea is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae	Agathotoma aculea	species
taxon rank	Mantoida is a genus containing eleven species of mantis.	Mantoida	genus
taxon rank	Asterohyptis is a genus of the Lamiaceae, or mint family, first described in 1932.	Asterohyptis	genus
taxon rank	The Madagascan snipe has never been recorded elsewhere, and no other snipe species have yet been recorded on Madagascar.	Madagascan snipe	species
taxon rank	Syneta betulae is a species of beetle from the family of leaf beetles, subfamily Synetinae.	Syneta betulae	species
taxon rank	Hokkaidornis is an extinct genus of penguin-like plotopterid from the Late Oligocene of Hokkaido, Japan.	Hokkaidornis	genus
taxon rank	Austroliotia densilineata, common name the close-lined austroliotia, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae.	Austroliotia densilineata	species
taxon rank	Androsace is a genus in the family Primulaceae, second only to Primula in number of species.	Androsace	genus
taxon rank	Thonningia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Balanophoraceae containing the single species Thonningia sanguinea.	Thonningia	species
taxon rank	Lapsias lorax is a species of lapsiine jumping spider from Ecuador.	Lapsias lorax	species
taxon rank	Poromya granulata, or the granular poromya, is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Poromyidae.	Poromya granulata	species
taxon rank	Oxycera pygmaea, the pygmy soldier, is a European species of soldier fly.	Oxycera pygmaea	species
taxon rank	Plesiadapiformes (``Adapid-like'' or ``near Adapiformes'') is an extinct (and possibly paraphyletic or polyphyletic ) order of mammals.	Plesiadapiformes	order
taxon rank	Pityopsis graminifolia is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name narrowleaf silkgrass.	Pityopsis graminifolia	species
taxon rank	Asterolasia asteriscophora, commonly known as lemon starbush, is a shrub species in the family Rutaceae.	Asterolasia asteriscophora	species
taxon rank	Cypraecassis testiculus, common name the reticulated cowry helmet, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae, the helmet snails and bonnet snails.	Cypraecassis testiculus	species
taxon rank	Inula is a large genus of about 90 species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae, native to Europe, Asia and Africa.	Inula	genus
taxon rank	Cymbella elegans is a diatom species in the genus Cymbella.	Cymbella elegans	species
taxon rank	Coralliogalathea humilis is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Galatheidae.	Coralliogalathea	genus
taxon rank	Plectronoceras is the type genus of the family Plectronoceratidae.	Plectronoceras	genus
taxon rank	Watsonisuchus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Early Triassic of Australia, Madagascar, and South Africa.	Watsonisuchus	genus
taxon rank	Cleomella longipes, the Chiricahua Mountain stinkweed, is a plant species native to northern Mexico and to the southwestern United States.	Cleomella longipes	species
taxon rank	Inia is a genus of river dolphins from South America.	Inia	genus
taxon rank	Belidae is a family of weevils, called belids or primitive weevils because they have straight antennae, unlike the ``true weevils'' or Curculionidae which have elbowed antennae.	Belidae	family
taxon rank	Trisetaria is a genus of plants in the grass family, native to Asia and to the Mediterranean region.	Trisetaria	genus
taxon rank	Gammarus baysali is a cave-dwelling species of freshwater amphipod crustacean, found in Turkey.	Gammarus baysali	species
taxon rank	The Marsh Skimmer, also known as Tricolored Marsh Hawk, and Slender Blue Skimmer, (Orthetrum luzonicum) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Orthetrum luzonicum	species
taxon rank	Parachondrostoma miegii is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Spain.	Parachondrostoma miegii	species
taxon rank	Cattleya elongata, the Cattleya with the Elongated Stalk, is an orchid species in the genus Cattleya endemic to the campo rupestre vegetation in northeastern Brazil.	Cattleya elongata	species
taxon rank	Gibberula burnupi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cystiscidae, the margin snails.	Gibberula burnupi	species
taxon rank	Aptinoma is a small genus arboreal of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae.	Aptinoma	genus
taxon rank	Nemotelus pantherinus, the fen snout, is a European species of soldier fly.	Nemotelus pantherinus	species
taxon rank	Caralophia loxochila, the Slantlip eel, is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae.	Caralophia loxochila	species
taxon rank	Neusticurus is a genus of gymnophthalmid lizards endemic to northern South America.	Neusticurus	genus
taxon rank	The Andean siskin (Spinus spinescens) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.	Andean siskin	species
taxon rank	Atractosteus is a genus of gars in the family Lepisosteidae, with three species.	Atractosteus	genus
taxon rank	Zabrus aetolus is a species of ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece.	Zabrus aetolus	species
taxon rank	Pthirus gorillae or gorilla louse is a species of parasitic sucking louse that afflicts gorillas.	Pthirus gorillae	species
taxon rank	Uroplatus sikorae is a species of gecko commonly referred to as the mossy leaf-tailed gecko.	Uroplatus sikorae	species
taxon rank	Zodarion germanicum is a spider species of the Zodariidae family.	Zodarion germanicum	species
taxon rank	Myrmeleon pictifrons is a species of insect known commonly as ant-lion or doodlebug.	Myrmeleon pictifrons	species
taxon rank	The Dendryphantinae are a subfamily of jumping spiders that occur mainly in the New World.	Dendryphantinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Glyphipterigidae is a family of small moths commonly known as sedge moths as the larvae of many species feed on sedges and rushes.	Glyphipterigidae	family
taxon rank	Pilularia minuta, is a species of fern belonging to the family Marsileaceae.	Pilularia minuta	species
taxon rank	Ilex cookii (Cook's Holly or te) is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family.	Ilex cookii	species
taxon rank	The Acleistoceratidae, named by Flower in Flower & Kümmel 1950, is a family of oncocerids that contains genera characterized by depressed (or rarely compressed) exogastric brevicones and cyrtocones (Sweet, 1964 K398) that range from the Middle Silurian to the Middle Devonian.	Acleistoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Salix japonica is a species of willow native to hills and mountains of central Honshū (Japan).	Salix japonica	species
taxon rank	Gigantochloa is a tropical Asian and Papuasian genus of giant clumping bamboos in the grass family.	Gigantochloa	genus
taxon rank	Polymita picta, common name the Cuban land snail or the Painted snail, is a species of large, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae.	Polymita picta	species
taxon rank	Gonidiomyces is a fungal genus in the division Ascomycota.	Gonidiomyces	genus
taxon rank	Oliva mantichora, common name the amethyst olive, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae, the olives.	Oliva mantichora	species
taxon rank	Eburia brunneicomis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found in Belize, Guatemala and Mexico.	Eburia brunneicomis	species
taxon rank	The Drakensberg minnow (Labeobarbus aspius) is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Congo Democratic Republic.	Drakensberg minnow	species
taxon rank	Adenanthos labillardierei is a species of erect shrub endemic to the slopes of the Barren Ranges in the Fitzgerald River National Park in southwest Western Australia.	Adenanthos labillardierei	species
taxon rank	Musa sikkimensis, also called Darjeeling Banana is a species of the genus Musa.	Musa sikkimensis	species
taxon rank	Angaria sphaerula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc of the family Angariidae.	Angaria sphaerula	species
taxon rank	Sinibrama macrops is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinibrama.	Sinibrama macrops	species
taxon rank	Stellepipona is a small (7 species currently recognized) afrotropical genus of potter wasps.	Stellepipona	genus
taxon rank	Euclea balfourii is a species of plant in the Ebenaceae family.	Euclea balfourii	species
taxon rank	Msuata is a genus of flowering plants in the ironweed tribe within the sunflower family.	Msuata	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron compactus is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names cushion daisy, fernleaf fleabane, and compact daisy.	Erigeron compactus	species
taxon rank	The spider genus Paratheridula with its single species P. perniciosa is widely distributed; it is suspected that it is introduced.	Paratheridula	species
taxon rank	Schisandra (magnolia vine) is a genus of twining shrub that generally climb on other vegetation.	Schisandra	genus
taxon rank	Spiniphryne gladisfenae, the Prickly dreamer, is a species of dreamer known only from the Atlantic Ocean.	Spiniphryne gladisfenae	species
taxon rank	Lycaenidae is the second-largest family of butterflies (behind Nymphalidae, brush-footed butterflies), with over 5,000 species worldwide, whose members are also called gossamer-winged butterflies.	Lycaenidae	family
taxon rank	The Orthoptera order of insects includes the grasshoppers, crickets, cave crickets, Jerusalem crickets, katydids, weta, lubber, Acrida, and locusts.	Orthoptera	order
taxon rank	Amelanchier spicata, also referred to as the low juneberry, thicket shadbush, dwarf serviceberry, or low serviceberry (historically also called ``pigeon berry''), is a species of serviceberry that has edible fruit, which are really pomes.	Amelanchier spicata	species
taxon rank	Amtocephale (meaning ``Amtgai head'') is a genus of pachycephalosaurid dinosaur from early Late Cretaceous (Turonian-Santonian stages) deposits of southern Gobi Desert, Mongolia.	Amtocephale	genus
taxon rank	Baryphracta is an extinct genus of diplocynodontinecrocodilian.	Baryphracta	genus
taxon rank	Rhacophorus owstoni is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Japan.	Rhacophorus owstoni	species
taxon rank	It is placed in its own genus, Charruodon.	Charruodon	genus
taxon rank	Elachorbis tatei is a species of minute sea snail with an operculum, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tornidae.	Elachorbis tatei	species
taxon rank	Penstemon haydenii, the blowout beardtongue or blowout penstemon, is a species of beardtongue in the Plantaginaceae family.	Penstemon haydenii	species
taxon rank	Belodontichthys is a genus of sheatfishes native to Asia.	Belodontichthys	genus
taxon rank	Heterocondylus is a genus of Latin American flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Heterocondylus	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Cyanixia socotrana, a perennial, herbaceous and bulbous plant species endemic to the Island of Socotra in the Indian Ocean, part of the Republic of Yemen.	Cyanixia	species
taxon rank	Pelargorhynchus (meaning ``stork beak'') is a genus of prehistoric fish.	Pelargorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	The Pimoidae spider family is a rather small group of 37 species in four genera.	Pimoidae	family
taxon rank	Lupinus brevicaulis is a species of lupine known by the common names shortstem lupine and sand lupine.	Lupinus brevicaulis	species
taxon rank	Buriadia is a genus that existed from the Carboniferous to the Permian.	Buriadia	genus
taxon rank	Vanilla bahiana is a species of vanilla orchid that is endemic to Bahia, located in eastern Brazil.	Vanilla bahiana	species
taxon rank	Euglandina texasianais a species of large predatory air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.	Euglandina texasiana	species
taxon rank	Myochamidae is a family of saltwater clams, marine bivalves in the order Anomalodesmata.	Myochamidae	family
taxon rank	Streptomyces hundungensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from a quarry in Tangkhul Hundung in Manipur in India Streptomyces hundungensis has antifungal activity.	Streptomyces hundungensis	species
taxon rank	Euvrilletta serricornis is a species of beetles in the genus Euvrilletta of the family Anobiidae.	Euvrilletta serricornis	species
taxon rank	Helianthus anomalus, Western sunflower, is a species of plants in the sunflower family, found in the southwestern United States.	Helianthus anomalus	species
taxon rank	Hiboka is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae with only one species, Hiboka geayi, found in Madagascar.	Hiboka	species
taxon rank	Blasisaurus is a genus of lambeosaurine hadrosaurid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous.	Blasisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Carex ericetorum, known as rare spring sedge, is a perennial species of plants in the sedge family Cyperaceae native to central Europe and western Asia growing on calcareous soils in short grassland.	Carex ericetorum	species
taxon rank	Brachionichthys was, until recently, the only genus in the family Brachionichthyidae (commonly known as handfishes), but presently five genera are placed in this family of anglerfishes.	Brachionichthys	genus
taxon rank	Zeatrophon pulcherrimus is a species of small predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae, the rock snails or murex snails.	Zeatrophon pulcherrimus	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus cymbalaria is a species of buttercup known by the common names alkali buttercup and seaside buttercup.	Ranunculus cymbalaria	species
taxon rank	Michaelophorus indentatus is a species of moth in the genus Michaelophorus, known from Belize, Brazil, Mexico, and Panama.	Michaelophorus indentatus	species
taxon rank	The genus Cibolaites is a strongly ribbed and nodose ammonoid cephalopod from the middle Cretaceous of western New Mexico, included in the taxonomic family Collignoniceratidae.	Cibolaites	genus
taxon rank	Partula langfordi is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula langfordi	species
taxon rank	The family, Sactorthoceratidae, was established by Rousseau Flower in 1946, based on the genus Sactorthoceras.	Sactorthoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Pseudapocryptes is a genus of gobies native to fresh and brackish waters of the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean coasts from India to Tahiti.	Pseudapocryptes	genus
taxon rank	The Euliini are a tribe of tortrix moths.	Euliini	tribe
taxon rank	Notonectidae is a cosmopolitan family of aquatic insects in the order Hemiptera, commonly called Backswimmers because they swim upside down.	Notonectidae	family
taxon rank	Lithocarpus edulis (common name, Japanese Stone Oak) is a species of stone-oak native to Japan.	Lithocarpus edulis	species
taxon rank	Tamarix nilotica, the Nile tamarisk, is a species of shrub or small tree in the tamarisk family.	Tamarix nilotica	species
taxon rank	Nebria cameroni is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Nepal and Uttar Pradesh province of India.	Nebria cameroni	species
taxon rank	Astragalus missouriensis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Missouri milkvetch.	Astragalus missouriensis	species
taxon rank	Charaxes nyikensis is a member of the large species group Charaxes etheocles	Charaxes nyikensis	species
taxon rank	Ferrissia tanganyicensis is a species of small freshwater snail or limpet, an aquatic gastropod in the family Planorbidae.	Ferrissia tanganyicensis	species
taxon rank	Hypselobarbus periyarensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Periyar Lake in Kerala, India.	Hypselobarbus periyarensis	species
taxon rank	Uromastyx geyri is a species of lizard belonging to the family Agamidae.	Uromastyx geyri	species
taxon rank	Sedum moraniii is a rare species of flowering plant in the stonecrop genus known by the common name Rogue River stonecrop.	Sedum moranii	species
taxon rank	Aphthona cyparissiae is a species of leaf beetle known as the brown dot leafy spurge flea beetle.	Aphthona cyparissiae	species
taxon rank	Sub species include Eucalyptus scias subsp.	Eucalyptus scias	species
taxon rank	Noctiluca scintillans, commonly known as the Sea Sparkle, and also published as Noctiluca miliaris, is a free-living non-parasitic marine-dwelling species of dinoflagellate that exhibits bioluminescence when disturbed (popularly known as mareel).	Noctiluca scintillans	species
taxon rank	Angraecum gabonense is a species of comet orchid that can be found in Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea and Gabon.	Angraecum gabonense	species
taxon rank	Shigella dysenteriae is a species of the rod-shaped bacterial genus Shigella.	Shigella dysenteriae	species
taxon rank	Siboglinidae, also known as the beard worms, is a family of polychaete annelid worms whose members made up the former phyla Pogonophora (the giant tube worms) and Vestimentifera.	Siboglinidae	family
taxon rank	Cherublemma emmelas, the black brotula, is a species of cusk-eel found along the Pacific coast of Central and South America from Baja California to Chile.	Cherublemma emmelas	species
taxon rank	Vellodius etisoides is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae.	Vellodius	species
taxon rank	Amazonspinther dalmata is a species of characin endemic to Brazil, where it is found in the Rio Purus and Rio Madeira basins.	Amazonspinther dalmata	species
taxon rank	Amara amplipennis is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family that can be found in Asia.	Amara amplipennis	species
taxon rank	Dendrobium sanguinolentum, the Blood-stained Dendrobium, is a species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family.	Dendrobium sanguinolentum	species
taxon rank	Eriochloa polystachya is a species of grass known by the common name Caribbean cupgrass.	Eriochloa polystachya	species
taxon rank	Oplegnathus is currently the sole recognized genus in the knifejaw family (Oplegnathidae) of marine perciform fishes.	Oplegnathus	family
taxon rank	Reef lobsters, Enoplometopus, are a genus of small lobsters that live on reefs in the Indo-Pacific, Caribbean and warmer parts of the east Atlantic Ocean.	Reef lobster	genus
taxon rank	Aromobates capurinensis (common name: Sierra Nevada rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Aromobates capurinensis	species
taxon rank	Chlorothraupis is a genus of bird in the family Cardinalidae.	Chlorothraupis	genus
taxon rank	Sidalcea robusta is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name Butte County checkerbloom.	Sidalcea robusta	species
taxon rank	Stagmomantis montana (Rehn, 1935), common name Mountain mantis, is a species of praying mantis in genus Stagmomantis.	Stagmomantis montana	species
taxon rank	Billbergia viridiflora is a species in the genus Billbergia native to Tabasco, Belize and Guatemala.	Billbergia viridiflora	species
taxon rank	Eupomatia is a genus of three flowering shrub species known to science, of the Australian continent ancient family Eupomatiaceae.	Eupomatia	genus
taxon rank	Geosesarma malayanum is a species of small red crab which is found in Malaysia.	Geosesarma malayanum	species
taxon rank	Xyris, the yelloweyed grasses, is a genus of flowering plants in the Yellow-eyed-grass family.	Xyris	genus
taxon rank	Stirellus bicolor is a species of leafhopper native to North America.	Stirellus bicolor	species
taxon rank	Pentastelma is a genus of liana in family Apocynaceae, first published as a genus in 1974.	Pentastelma	genus
taxon rank	Vernonia lettermannii, the narrowleaf ironweed, is a plant species known only from Arkansas and Oklahoma.	Vernonia lettermannii	species
taxon rank	Dipteropeltis hirundo is a little-known species of fish louse.	Dipteropeltis	species
taxon rank	Baobab is the common name for each of the nine species of tree in the genus Adansonia.	Adansonia	genus
taxon rank	Theropithecus darti is an extinct species of Gelada from the middle to late Pliocene of Africa.	Theropithecus darti	species
taxon rank	Manfreda longiflora is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae that is native to the Lower Rio Grande Valley of Texas in the United States and northern Tamaulipas in Mexico.	Manfreda longiflora	species
taxon rank	Tinguarra montana is a species of plants in the Apiaceae family, endemic to the Canary Islands.	Tinguarra montana	species
taxon rank	Cacyparis elegans is a moth species in the genus Cacyparis found in the Solomon Islands.	Cacyparis elegans	species
taxon rank	Acrolophia is a genus of orchids, with 7 species, all endemic to South Africa.	Acrolophia	genus
taxon rank	Parthenopidae is a family of crabs, placed in its own superfamily, Parthenopoidea.	Parthenopidae	family
taxon rank	Pardosa profuga is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found in Hungary.	Pardosa profuga	species
taxon rank	Bidens torta, the corkscrew beggarticks, is a flowering plant species in the sunflower family.	Bidens torta	species
taxon rank	Choreutidae, or metalmark moths, are a family of insects in the lepidopteran order whose relationships have been long disputed.	Choreutidae	family
taxon rank	Bonnetia holostyla is a species of flowering plant in the Bonnetiaceae family.	Bonnetia holostyla	species
taxon rank	Erosaria turdus, common name : the thrush cowrie, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Erosaria turdus	species
taxon rank	The genus Ecprepaulax was named by Hahn G. and Hahn R. in 1999 based on a single species Ecprepaulax anomala Fossil remains were found in Berriasian (Lower Cretaceous) strata in Portugal.	Ecprepaulax	species
taxon rank	Quercus asymetrica is a species of oak in the subgenus Cyclobalanopsis.	Quercus asymetrica	species
taxon rank	Phacelia stebbinsii is an uncommon species of phacelia known by the common name Stebbins' phacelia.	Phacelia stebbinsii	species
taxon rank	Cyperus bulbosus is a species of sedge found across Africa, the Middle East, Indian Subcontinent, Southeast Asia, and Australia.	Cyperus bulbosus	species
taxon rank	Nanobamus is an extinct genus of amphibamid temnospondyl amphibian.	Nanobamus	genus
taxon rank	Saccharum is a genus of tall perennial plants of the broomsedge tribe within the grass family.	Saccharum	genus
taxon rank	Catocala sponsa, the dark crimson underwing, is a species of moth of the Erebidae family.	Catocala sponsa	species
taxon rank	Cattleya pumila, commonly known as the Dwarf Sophronitis, is a species of orchid endemic to southeastern and southern Brazil.	Cattleya pumila	species
taxon rank	It is native to Brazil and is the only member of the genus Sellocharis.	Sellocharis	genus
taxon rank	Omobranchus robertsi is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Pacific ocean, around Papua New Guinea.	Omobranchus robertsi	species
taxon rank	Ascocratera is a genus of fungi within the Trypetheliaceae family.	Ascocratera	genus
taxon rank	Archontophoenix myolensis, the Myola Palm, is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.	Archontophoenix myolensis	species
taxon rank	Platyphora testudo is a species of broad-shouldered leaf beetles belonging to the Chrysomelidae family.	Platyphora testudo	species
taxon rank	Ziziphus abyssinica is a species of shrub in the Rhamnaceae family.	Ziziphus abyssinica	species
taxon rank	Psilostrophe, the paperflowers is a genus of North American plants in the sneezeweed tribe within the sunflower family.	Psilostrophe	genus
taxon rank	It contains only the species Protomeroleuca perlides Berio, 1966 from Madagascar.	Protomeroleuca	species
taxon rank	Kangnasaurus (meaning ``Farm Kangnas lizard'') is a genus of iguanodontian ornithopod dinosaur found in supposedly Early Cretaceous rocks of South Africa.	Kangnasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Holoperas oenochroalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Holoperas.	Holoperas oenochroalis	species
voice type	Valentina Bartolomasi (1889-1932) was an Italian soprano who had a major opera career from 1910 through 1927.	Valentina Bartolomasi	soprano
voice type	Antonietta Pastori (born in 1929) is an Italian operatic soprano, particularly associated with lighter lyric and coloratura roles.	Antonietta Pastori	soprano
voice type	Darren Keith Woods (born 1958, Texas) is an American opera director and operatic tenor.	Darren Keith Woods	tenor
voice type	Milena Kitic (born 1968 in Belgrade, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian American operatic mezzo-soprano.	Milena Kitic	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Hector Dupeyron (1861--1911) was a French operatic tenor who had a prolific opera career in Europe from 1887 through 1906.	Hector Dupeyron	tenor
voice type	David Habbin is a tenor from Ringwood, Hampshire, England, who achieved international acclaim as a founding member of the pop opera band, Amici Forever.	David Habbin	tenor
voice type	Michael Weinius, born March 1, 1971 in Stockholm, is a Swedish tenor opera singer.	Michael Weinius	tenor
voice type	Lucien Muratore (29 August 1876 - 16 July 1954, Paris) was a French actor and operatic tenor, particularly associated with the French repertory.	Lucien Muratore	tenor
voice type	Paul Schöffler (15 September 1897 -- 21 November 1977) was a German operatic baritone, particularly associated with Mozart, Wagner, and Strauss roles.	Paul Schöffler	baritone
voice type	Nicholas Isherwood is US-born bass singer, who specialises in contemporary and baroque music.	Nicholas Isherwood	bass
voice type	Lei Jia (Chinese: 雷佳; pinyin: Léi Jīa, born October 19, 1979 in Yiyang, Hunan) is a Chinese folk soprano and a Chinese national class one performer.	Lei Jia	soprano
voice type	Karl Perron, born Karl Pergamenter and also known as Carl Perron, (3 June 1858 -- 15 July 1928) was a German bass-baritone.	Karl Perron	bass
voice type	Russell Braun (born 19 July 1965) is a Canadian operatic lyric baritone, Juno Award winner.	Russell Braun	baritone
voice type	Amanda Forsythe (born 1976) is an award winning American light lyric soprano who is particularly admired for her interpretations of baroque music and the works of Rossini.	Amanda Forsythe	soprano
voice type	Marinka Gurewich (1902, Bratislava - 23 December 1990, Manhattan) was an American voice teacher and mezzo-soprano of Jewish Czech descent.	Marinka Gurewich	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Graeme Danby (born 23 May 1962 in Consett, County Durham, England) is an operatic bass who has performed at several of the world's leading opera houses, notably the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden and the English National Opera.	Graeme Danby	bass
voice type	Janet Price (born 1941) is a Welsh soprano particularly associated with the 19th-century Italian bel canto repertory.	Janet Price	soprano
voice type	Euphrosyne Parepa-Rosa (7 May 1836 -- 21 January 1874) was a British operatic soprano who established the Carl Rosa Opera Company together with second husband Carl Rosa.	Euphrosyne Parepa-Rosa	soprano
voice type	Bonaventura Bottone (born 19 September 1950 in London) is an operatic tenor who has performed at many of the world's leading opera houses.	Bonaventura Bottone	tenor
voice type	Hugo Hasslo (16 May 1911 Bohuslän - 20 January 1994 Stockholm) was a Swedish operatic baritone.	Hugo Hasslo	baritone
voice type	Theodore Harrison was a Chicago-area concert baritone and choral conductor best known for his presence in the Chicago music community.	Theodore Harrison	baritone
voice type	Ashley Putnam (born August 10, 1952) is an American soprano from New York City.	Ashley Putnam	soprano
voice type	Ilse Gramatzki (born 1939) is a German operatic mezzo-soprano and contralto who performed at major European opera houses.	Ilse Gramatzki	mezzo-soprano	contralto
voice type	Günter Reich (22 November 1921 -- 15 January 1989), also spelled Günther Reich and Gunther Reich, was an Israeli baritone of German birth.	Günter Reich	baritone
voice type	Ryan Allen is an American bass singer best known for his work in opera.	Ryan Allen	bass
voice type	Miriam Pirazzini (born August 21, 1918) was a well-known Italian mezzo-soprano.	Miriam Pirazzini	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Franz Betz (19 March 1835 -- 11 August 1900) was a German bass-baritone opera singer who sang at the Berlin State Opera from 1859 to 1897.	Franz Betz	baritone
voice type	Anita Cerquetti (13 April 1931 -- 11 October 2014) was an Italian dramatic soprano who had a short but meteoric career in the 1950s.	Anita Cerquetti	soprano
voice type	Valeria Stenkina (Russian: Валерия Стенкина) is a Russian operatic soprano and Meritorious Artist of Russia.	Valeria Stenkina	soprano
voice type	Ecuador's foremost classical soprano, Beatriz Parra Durango was born in Guayaquil in 1940.	Beatriz Parra Durango	soprano
voice type	Cesare Valletti (December 18, 1922 - May 13, 2000) was an Italian operatic tenor, one of the leading tenore di grazia of the postwar era.	Cesare Valletti	tenor
voice type	Susan Owen (married: Susan Owen-Leinert) is an American operatic soprano.	Susan Owen	soprano
voice type	Joshua Hecht is an operatic bass.	Joshua Hecht	bass
