Anton Irv VR I/2 , VR II/2 , VR II/3 ( 17 September 1886 -- 27 April 1919 ) was a highly decorated Estonian combat soldier and military officer during World War I and in the Estonian War of Independence .
Naser Orić ( born 3 March 1967 ) is a former Bosnian military officer who commanded Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina ( ARBiH ) forces in the Srebrenica enclave in eastern Bosnia surrounded by Bosnian Serb forces , during the Bosnian War .
Stabfeldwebel Johann Risztics ( aka Janos Risztics ) was the Austro - Hungarian World War I flying ace credited with seven reliably confirmed aerial victories .
Sergeant Frank Potter ( 1891 -- 11 September 1917 ) was a British World War I observer who became a flying ace , being credited with seven aerial victories .
General Sir Ouvry Lindfield Roberts GCB KBE DSO ( 3 April 1898 -- 16 March 1986 ) was an officer in the British Army and the British Indian Army during World War I and World War II .
James E. Croft ( November 13 , 1833 -- May 26 , 1914 ) was a soldier in the Union Army during the American Civil War who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Battle of Allatoona .
Georg Stumme ( 29 July 1886 -- 24 October 1942 ) was a World War II German general most notable for his brief command of the Axis forces at the beginning of the Second Battle of El Alamein .
Joachim Pötter ( 1 January 1913 -- 17 November 19921992 ) was a German World War II bomber pilot .
Stapleton Crutchfield served as a Confederate artillerist in the American Civil War .
Ralph Puckett Jr. ( born 8 December 1926 in Tifton , Georgia ) led the Eighth Army Ranger Company during the Korean War .
Frank Glasgow Tinker ( July 14 , 1909 -- June 13 , 1939 ) was an American mercenary fighter pilot for the Spanish Republican Air Force , during the Spanish Civil War .
Thomas Holland , 1st Earl of Kent , 2nd Baron Holand , KG ( c. 1314 -- 26 December 1360 ) was an English nobleman and military commander during the Hundred Years ' War .
Sir Robert Barrie KCB , KCH ( 5 May 1774 -- 7 June 1841 ) was a British officer of the Royal Navy noted for his service in the War of 1812 .
During his Luftwaffe career , Wilhelm Balthasar was credited with 47 victories , including 7 in the Spanish Civil War , and 13 destroyed on the ground .
Cyrus Bussey ( October 5 , 1833 -- March 2 , 1915 ) was an American soldier and politician , serving as a Brigadier General in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Captain Saurabh Kalia ( 1976 - -1999 ) was an officer of the Indian Army who was killed during the Kargil War while being held as a prisoner of war by the Pakistani security forces .
Trịnh Thị Ngọ ( born in 1931 ) , also known as Hanoi Hannah , is a Vietnamese radio personality best known for her work during the Vietnam War , when she made English - language broadcasts for North Vietnam directed at US troops .
Robert Elliott Burns ( May 10 , 1892 -- June 5 , 1955 ) was a World War I veteran who gained notoriety after escaping from a Georgia chain gang and writing his memoirs , I Am a Fugitive from a Georgia Chain Gang ! , exposing the cruelty and injustice of the chain gang system .
USS Bibb ( 1853 ) was a Coast Survey vessel that performed survey work during the American Civil War .
Leutnant Wilhelm Fahlbusch was an early World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories , shared with his observer Hans Rosencrantz .
Mario Berti ( 1881 - -1964 ) was an Italian officer during World War I and a general in the Spanish Civil War and World War II .
Jean Baptiste Joseph , chevalier de Laumoy ( 1750 - -1832 ) French engineer , fought in the American Revolutionary War , and was on the staff of Lafayette and was captured with him , by the Austrians .
Heinrich Hartmann Wirz better known as Henry Wirz ( November 25 , 1823 -- November 10 , 1865 ) was a Swiss - born Confederate officer in the American Civil War .
Anthony Swofford ( born August 12 , 1970 ) is an American writer and former U.S. Marine , best known for his 2003 book Jarhead , based heavily on his accounts of various situations encountered in the Persian Gulf War .
Simo Kecojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Симо Кецојевић ; 1888 - -1953 ) was a Serbian freedom fighter , having participated in the irregular guerrilla forces in the Kosovo Vilayet between 1910 and 1912 , then as regular soldier in the Balkan Wars , World War I and World War II .
The 15th ( Scottish ) Infantry Division was an infantry division of the British Army that served with distinction in both World War I and World War II . In the Great War the 15th ( Scottish ) Division was formed from men volunteering for Kitchener 's New Armies and served on the Western Front for three years .
Nantaje ( fl . 1872 -- 1875 ) , also called Nantahe , was an Apache Indian scout in the U.S. Army who served under Lieutenant Colonel George Crook during the Apache Wars .
During World War II , Rudolf Scheffel was credited 7 aerial victories and the destruction of 50 + tanks in 259 missions .
Hans - Hermann Sturm ( 12 June 1917 -- 24 October 2012 ) was an Hauptmann ( captain ) in the Wehrmacht during World War II who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany .
The Black Spectre was Carson Knowles , a Vietnam War veteran whose father was a politician .
USS Auk ( AM-38 ) was an Lapwing - class minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy after World War I for the task of removing mines that had been placed during the war .
Lieutenant Colonel Duncan Frederick Campbell , DSO ( 28 April 1876 Simcoe , Ontario -- 4 September 1916 ) was Unionist MP for North Ayrshire who died in World War I. He served with the Lancashire Fusiliers in the Second Boer War 1899 - -1901 , and was present at the Relief of Ladysmith .
John Schiller ( March 7 , 1830 -- June 3 , 1926 ) ( born John Schilling ) was an enlisted soldier in the U.S. Army during the American Civil War .
At the beginning of the Cambodian-- Vietnamese War , Lê Trọng Tấn was commander of Vietnamese armed forces in the southern border of Vietnam from December 1978 to February 1979 .
Karl Weniger ( 24 May 1899 -- 1 October 1941 ) was a Kapitän zur See with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a posthumous recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Rudolf Hallensleben ( 2 June 1916 -- 19 April 1945 ) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Luftwaffe during World War II , and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Marcus Claudius Marcellus ( /mɑrˈsɛləs/ ; c. 268 -- 208 BC ) , five times elected as consul of the Roman Republic , was an important Roman military leader during the Gallic War of 225 BC and the Second Punic War .
François Joseph Lefebvre ( /ˈlˌfɛvrə/ ; 25 October 1755 -- 14 September 1820 ) , Duc de Dantzig , was a French military commander during the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars and one of the original eighteen Marshals of the Empire created by Napoleon .
Count of the Empire Pierre - Louis Dupas ( 1761 - -1823 ) was a French soldier who rose to prominence during the French Revolutionary Wars , was noted for his association with Napoleon Bonaparte , and rose to the top military rank of General of Division during the Napoleonic Wars .
Jean de Clermont ( d. 19 September 1356 ) , Lord of Chantilly and of Beaumont , was a Marshal of France ( 1352 ) who was killed fighting in the Hundred Years ' War at the Battle of Poitiers .
Admiral Sir Charles Adam , FRSE KCB ( 6 October 1780 -- 19 September 1853 ) was a British naval officer who served during the Napoleonic Wars .
Maurice Challe ( 5 September 1905 -- 18 January 1979 ) was a French general during the Algerian War , one of four generals who took part in the Algiers putsch .
Jeffries Peak ( 64 ° 43′S 62 ° 0′W ) is a peak standing southward of Wilhelmina Bay , between Leonardo Glacier and Blanchard Glacier on the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Berkner Bank ( 75 ° S 48 ° W ) is an undersea bank in the Weddell Sea named after Lloyd V. Berkner , an engineer who sailed with Admiral Byrd on the Byrd Antarctic Expedition to Antarctica , 1928 - -1930 .
Morris Cliff ( 80 ° 20′S 81 ° 49′W ) is a steep , east - facing cliff between the Marble Hills and Independence Hills in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica .
Henderson Hill ( 77 ° 34′21``S 163 ° 11′27''E ) is an ice free summit 0.8 nautical miles ( 1.5 km ) northeast of Mount Falconer , rising to 700 metres ( 2,300 ft ) on the north side of Taylor Valley in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Wilkes Basin is a large subglacial basin situated generally southward of George V Coast and westward of Prince Albert Mountains in East Antarctica .
Holoviak Glacier ( 71 ° 22′S 72 ° 9′W ) is a glacier flowing west into the head of Mendelssohn Inlet , facing towards the Wilkins Ice Shelf on the north side of the Beethoven Peninsula , lying in the southwestern portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Collins Point is a small but prominent headland 1.4 km ( 0.87 mi ) west - south - west of Fildes Point , on the south side of Port Foster , Deception Island , in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Belimel Bay ( Bulgarian : залив Белимел , `` Zaliv Belimel '' \'za - liv ' be - li - mel\ ) is a 5.9 km wide bay indenting for 3.9 km the southwest coast of Trinity Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Krakken Mountain ( 71 ° 32′S 12 ° 9′E ) is a mountain 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) north of Sandseten Mountain and just northwest of Gneysovaya Peak in the Westliche Petermann Range of the Wohlthat Mountains , Antarctica .
Marie Byrd Land is the portion of West Antarctica lying east of the Ross Ice Shelf and the Ross Sea and south of the Pacific Ocean , extending eastward approximately to a line between the head of the Ross Ice Shelf and Eights Coast .
The Mayer Crags ( 84 ° 53′S 168 ° 45′W ) form a rugged V - shaped massif in Antarctica .
Grimley Glacier ( 69 ° 9′S 64 ° 40′W ) is a tributary glacier , 15 nautical miles ( 28 km ) long and 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) wide , lying 3 nautical miles north of Sunfix Glacier and flowing east - northeast into Casey Glacier in northern Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Kendall Basin ( 80 ° 15′S 25 ° 39′W ) is an ice - free cirque at the northwest end of the Herbert Mountains , in the Shackleton Range , Antarctica .
Lesidren Island ( Bulgarian : остров Лесидрен , `` Ostrov Lesidren '' ' os - trov ' le - si - dren ) is the second largest and southernmost island in the Zed group off the north coast of Varna Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Meserve Glacier ( 77 ° 32′S 162 ° 21′E ) is a hanging glacier on the south wall of Wright Valley , Victoria Land , Antarctica , between Bartley Glacier and Hart Glacier .
Lyddan Island is an ice - covered island located at the southwestern extremity of the Riiser - Larsen Ice Shelf , separating it from the Brunt Ice Shelf , about 20 nautical miles ( 37 km ) off the Princess Martha Coast of Antarctica .
The Dwyer Nunataks ( 68 ° 13′S 58 ° 27′E ) are a scattered group of low peaks and ridges about 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) long and 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) wide , lying 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) southeast of Mount Gjeita in the Hansen Mountains of Antarctica .
Lagarrigue Cove ( 64 ° 39′S 62 ° 34′W ) is a small cove south of Spigot Peak , Errera Channel , on the Danco Coast of Antarctica .
The Huldreskorvene Peaks ( 72 ° 0′S 6 ° 5′E ) are a group of summit peaks and crags just north of Skorvehalsen Saddle and west of Tussenobba Peak in the Mühlig - Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Kulen Mountain ( 72 ° 39′S 3 ° 18′W ) is a projecting - type mountain on the northwest side of Jøkulskarvet Ridge , in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
McLeod Massif ( 70 ° 46′S 68 ° 0′E ) is a large rock massif just south of Manning Massif in the eastern part of the Aramis Range , Prince Charles Mountains , Antarctica .
Bebresh Point ( Bulgarian : нос Бебреш , `` Nos Bebresh '' \'nos ' be - bresh\ ) is a point projecting 1.3 km from the northwest coast of Liège Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica forming the north side of the entrance to Palakariya Cove and the west side of the entrance to Boisguehenneuc Bay .
Mount Dickerson is a prominent mountain , standing 6 km ( 4 mi ) east of Mount Kirkpatrick in the Queen Alexandra Range in East Antarctica .
Mount Insel ( 77 ° 23′37``S 161 ° 30′21''E ) is the highest point in the northeastern part of the Insel Range , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount Feola ( 77 ° 30′S 162 ° 37′E ) is a mountain rising to 1,800 metres ( 5,900 ft ) at the head of Denton Glacier in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Davis Anchorage ( 68 ° 34′S 77 ° 55′E ) is an anchorage in Antarctica about 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) in extent with general depths of 10 to 13 fathoms ( 18 to 24 m ) , lying off Breidnes Peninsula , Vestfold Hills .
Dugdale Glacier ( 71 ° 38′S 169 ° 50′E ) is a glacier about 25 nautical miles ( 46 km ) long , draining northeast from the Admiralty Mountains into Robertson Bay on the north coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Klakkane Islands are a group of small islands lying 3 kilometres ( 1.5 nmi ) east of Farrington Island in the William Scoresby Archipelago , Antarctica .
Hargrave Hill ( 64 ° 1′S 60 ° 11′W ) is a hill at the south side of Wright Ice Piedmont , 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) northeast of the mouth of Henson Glacier , in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Kalafut Nunatak ( 77 ° 46′S 145 ° 36′W ) is a nunatak which marks the southeast end of the Haines Mountains , in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Alvarez Glacier ( 70 ° 53′S 162 ° 20′E ) is a tributary glacier in the Explorers Range of the Bowers Mountains in Antarctica .
Mason Spur ( 78 ° 33′S 164 ° 25′E ) is an elevated spur , partially ice - covered and over 1,300 metres ( 4,300 ft ) high , which projects eastward from Mount Morning in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Knallen Peak ( 72 ° 16′S 3 ° 56′W ) is a small rock peak 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) west of Pyramiden Nunatak , at the east side of the head of Schytt Glacier in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Lenfant Bluff ( 70 ° 22′S 160 ° 3′E ) is a rock bluff marking the south side of the mouth of Svendsen Glacier , in the Usarp Mountains of Antarctica .
The Mixon Rocks ( 76 ° 43′S 159 ° 23′E ) are rock outcrops about 2.5 nautical miles ( 5 km ) west of Gadarene Ridge in the Allan Hills of Oates Land , Antarctica .
Mattox Bastion ( 77 ° 38′S 160 ° 56′E ) is one of the peaks of the Inland Forts , surmounting the northeastern part of Flory Cirque in the Asgard Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Phelps Promontory ( 62 ° 28′55``S 60 ° 7′15''W ) is a large ice piedmont promontory forming the north extremity of Varna Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica north of Zhelyava Hill .
Manna Glacier ( 69 ° 45′S 159 ° 40′E ) is a broad depression - glacier located north of Stevenson Bluff and Mount Steele in the Wilson Hills of Antarctica .
The Guyou Islands ( 65 ° 3′S 63 ° 24′W ) are a small group of islands lying 3 km ( 2 mi ) northeast of Sonia Point in Flandres Bay , off the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Rwanda ( /ruːˈɑːndə/ or /ruːˈændə/ ( listen ) ; Kinyarwanda : U Rwanda ( u.ɾɡwanda ) ) , officially the Republic of Rwanda ( Kinyarwanda : Repubulika y'u Rwanda ; French : République du Rwanda ) , is a sovereign state in central and east Africa and one of the smallest countries on the African mainland .
Albone Glacier ( 64 ° 13′S 59 ° 42′W ) is a deeply entrenched narrow glacier on the east side of Wolseley Buttress flowing southward from Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Prydz Bay is a deep embayment of Antarctica between the Lars Christensen Coast and Ingrid Christensen Coast .
Havola Escarpment is an isolated , snow - covered escarpment about 30 nautical miles ( 60 km ) northwest of the Thiel Mountains in Antarctica .
Gauntlet Ridge is a flat - topped , mainly ice - covered ridge , or peninsula , which separates the mouths of Nascent Glacier and Ridgeway Glacier where they discharge into Lady Newnes Bay , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount Macalester ( 79 ° 41′S 84 ° 20′W ) is a prominent peak rising to 2,480 metres ( 8,140 ft ) in the central part of the Soholt Peaks , Heritage Range , Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Mount Etchells ( 80 ° 17′S 28 ° 20′W ) is one of the La Grange Nunataks in the Shackleton Range of Antarctica , rising to about 900 metres ( 3,000 ft ) to the west of Mount Beney .
McCarroll Peak ( 66 ° 3′S 62 ° 46′W ) is a rock peak , 1,105 metres ( 3,625 ft ) high , standing at the south side of Richthofen Pass on the east coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Kinsella Peak is a peak along the south side of Gale Ridge , 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) west of Mount Cowart , in the Neptune Range of the Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
Davies Bay ( 69 ° 18′S 158 ° 34′E ) is a bay on the coast , 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) wide , between Drake Head and Cape Kinsey , Antarctica .
Halpern Point ( 63 ° 18′S 57 ° 50′W ) is a point on the northern coast of Trinity Peninsula , Antarctica , directly south of the eastern part of the Duroch Islands .
East Egerton ( 80 ° 50′S 158 ° 6′E ) is a prominent peak , 2,815 metres ( 9,240 ft ) high , rising 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) east of Mount Egerton in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica .
Cape Marsh ( 65 ° 15′S 59 ° 28′W ) is a prominent cape consisting of a rock cliff over 235 metres ( 770 ft ) high , marking the southeastern extremity of Robertson Island on the edge of the Larsen Ice Shelf off Antarctica .
The Recovery Glacier ( 81 ° 10′S 28 ° 00′W ) is a glacier flowing west along the southern side of the Shackleton Range in Antarctica .
The David Range ( 67 ° 54′S 62 ° 30′E ) is a mountain range 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of the Masson Range , which it parallels , in the Framnes Mountains of Antarctica .
Tangra Mountains ( in Bulgarian Тангра планина , ' Tangra planina ' \'tan - gra pla - ni-'na\ ) ( 62 ° 40′00``S 60 ° 06′00''W ) form the principal mountain range of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Mount Matthias ( 71 ° 13′S 164 ° 41′E ) is a mountain rising to 1,610 metres ( 5,280 ft ) 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) east - northeast of Mount Dockery in the Everett Range of the Concord Mountains , Antarctica .
Grindley Plateau ( 84 ° 9′S 166 ° 5′E ) is a high icecapped plateau in the central Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica , bordered by the peaks of Mount Mackellar , Mount Bell and Mount Kirkpatrick .
Kottmeier Mesa ( 77 ° 39′S 162 ° 9′E ) is a prominent 2,120-metre ( 6,960 ft ) high mesa , 2.8 nautical miles ( 5.2 km ) northwest of Mount J. J. Thomson in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount McMahon ( 70 ° 52′S 65 ° 9′E ) is a mountain about 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) west of Mount Bewsher in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica .
Hetty Rock is the largest of several rocks in Walker Bay off John Beach in western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Planet Heights ( 71 ° 13′S 68 ° 47′W ) is a series of summits running along an ice - free ridge , extending 24 nautical miles ( 44 km ) in a north - south direction between the southernmost extremity of the LeMay Range and George VI Sound in the east part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Mineral Hill ( 63 ° 29′S 57 ° 3′W ) is a round - topped hill , 445 metres ( 1,460 ft ) high , with ice - free , talus - covered slopes , standing 1.5 nautical miles ( 3 km ) west of Trepassey Bay on Tabarin Peninsula , Antarctica .
Cheal Point is a rocky headland 2 km ( 1.2 mi ) east - south - east of Return Point , the south - western extremity of Coronation Island , in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica .
Lockyer Island is an island 2.5 mi long , lying off the south shore of James Ross Island in the SW entrance to Admiralty Sound in Antarctica .
Breaker Island is a small rocky island lying in Arthur Harbour close south - west of Norsel Point , off the south - west coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica .
Ferguslie Peninsula is a peninsula 2.4 km ( 1.5 mi ) long , lying between Browns Bay and Macdougal Bay on the north coast of Laurie Island , in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica .
The Dennistoun Glacier is a glacier , 50 miles ( 80 km ) long , draining the northern slopes of Mounts Black Prince , Royalist and Adam in the Admiralty Mountains of Victoria Land in Antarctica .
Lunar Crag ( 71 ° 8′S 68 ° 42′W ) is one of the rock - exposed summits within the Planet Heights mountain range , rising to about 1,200 metres ( 4,000 ft ) at the head of Pluto Glacier on the east side of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Melcon Peak ( 77 ° 27′S 160 ° 25′E ) is an ice - covered peak rising to 2,500 metres ( 8,200 ft ) 1.1 nautical miles ( 2 km ) south of Shapeless Mountain in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Yamato Glacier ( 71 ° 25′S 35 ° 35′E ) is a glacier about 6 miles ( 10 km ) wide , flowing west between Mount Fukushima and Mount Eyskens in the Queen Fabiola Mountains of Antarctica .
Sitalk Peak ( Vrah Sitalk \'vr&h si-'talk\ ) is a rocky peak of elevation 600 m in Levski Ridge , Tangra Mountains , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Due to its position in Central Asia , Tashkent came under Sogdian and Turkic influence early in its history , before Islam in the 8th century AD .
Kannheiser Glacier ( 72 ° 10′S 101 ° 42′W ) is a glacier about 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) long , lying 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) east - southeast of Cape Flying Fish on Thurston Island , Antarctica , and flowing south into the Abbot Ice Shelf .
Hanka Island ( 64 ° 51′S 62 ° 49′W ) is a small island lying near the head of Leith Cove , Paradise Harbor , off the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Kachachkut ( Armenian : Կաճաճկուտ ) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Kučaj mountains ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кучајске планине ) is a mountain range in eastern Serbia .
Silkeborg is located in the middle of the Jutlandic peninsula , slightly west of the geographical centre of Denmark .
Arginia ( Greek : Αργίνια ) is a small village in the southern part of the island of Kefalonia , Greece .
Shadalafiya is a district in Kagarko Local Government Area of Kaduna State , Nigeria .
Shogadoev ( Persian : شاه‌گدایف ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Chrysiliou ( Greek : Χρυσηλιού ; Turkish : Yuvacık ) is a small village in Cyprus , east of Morphou .
Brzeg Castle is located in Brzeg , Opole Voivodeship , within the Silesia region of Poland .
The Óbuda University ( Hungarian : Óbudai Egyetem , Latin : Universitas Budensis ) named after Óbuda , a part of Budapest , is a technical university in Budapest , Hungary .
Thimlich Ohinga is complex of stone - built ruins in Migori county , Western Kenya , in East Africa .
Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh ( Persian : آستانه اشرفيه‎ , also Romanized as Āstāneh - ye Ashrafīyeh ; also known as Astane and Āstāneh ) is a city in and the capital of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Robat - e Toroq ( Persian : رباط طرق‎ , also Romanized as Robāţ - e Ţoroq ; also known as Ribāt - i - Turuq and Akbarābād - e Ţoroq ) is a village in Sarjam Rural District , Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bras Basah MRT Station ( CC2 ) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Circle Line in the Museum Planning Area of Singapore , surrounded by the Singapore Management University .
Miandoab ( Persian : مياندوآب‎ ; also Romanized as Mīāndoāb , Meyāndoāb , Mīāndowāb , Mīāndow Āb , Mīāndūāb , Mīyāndoāb , and Miyāndūāb ; Azerbaijani : قوشاچای - Qoşaçay ) is a city in and the capital of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Château de Conches - en - Ouche is a ruined castle in the commune of Conches - en - Ouche in the Eure département of France , demolished in the 16th century .
Owaraha or Owa Raha ( also known as Santa Ana ) is an island in the Solomon Islands ; it is located in Makira - Ulawa Province .
Frías District is one of ten districts of the Ayabaca province in Peru .
Makrakomi ( Greek : Μακρακώμη ) is a town and a municipality in the western part of the Phthiotis regional unit in Greece .
The Veckerhagen Ferry is a cable ferry across the Weser River in Germany .
Bourgogne - Franche - Comté ( sometimes abbreviated BFC ) is a new Region of France created by the territorial reform of French Regions in 2014 by the merger of Burgundy , and Franche - Comté .
Kuleh Jaz ( Persian : كوله جاز‎ , also Romanized as Kūleh Jāz ; also known as Kooljaz , Kūleh Jār , and Kūlī Jāz ) is a village in Sardarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
CFRA is a conservative talk radio station in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , owned by Bell Media .
Saraswathi Mahal Library or Tanjore Maharaja Serfoji 's Sarasvati Mahal Library is located in Thanjavur ( Tanjore ) , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Cornishman is a weekly newspaper based in Penzance , Cornwall , United Kingdom which was first published on 18 July 1878 .
Surakarta ( Hanacaraka : ꦯꦸꦫꦏꦂꦠ , often called Solo and less commonly Sala ) is a city in Central Java , Indonesia of more than 499,337 people with a population density of 10,853 people / km2 .
Namatakula is a village located in Fiji at 18 ° 13′45``S 177 ° 46′59''E on the Coral Coast .
Ruacana is a town in Omusati Region , northern Namibia and the district capital of the Ruacana electoral constituency .
Karakaralong Islands is a group of seismically active islands in Indonesia closest to Mindanao , Philippines .
Aorangi School was located in the suburb of Bryndwr in Christchurch , Canterbury , New Zealand .
Institute of Technology , Tralee ( ITT or IT Tralee ) is a third - level educational institution located in Tralee , County Kerry , Ireland .
The Shura Council ( Arabic : مجلس الشورى‎ , pronounced ( ˈmæɡles eʃˈʃuːɾˤɑ ) , `` consultative council '' ) was the upper house of the formerly bicameral Parliament of Egypt .
Tripyla ( Greek : Τριπύλα ) is a former community in Messenia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Burgruine Goldenstein is a castle in Carinthia , Austria .
Velika Slevica ( in older sources also Velika Slivica , German : Großsliwitz ) is a village southwest of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia .
The Ali Olo is a mountain Located in the northeast of Ali Sabieh Region in Djibouti .
Adam Road Hospital is a private psychiatric hospital in Singapore .
Spodnje Laze ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈlaːzɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Miangaran - e Sofla ( Persian : ميانگران سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Mīāngarān - e Soflá and Meyāngarān Soflá ; also known as Mīāngarān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ras al - Khaimah ( alternatively Ra'sal - Khaymah or Ras el - Kheima ; Arabic : رأس الخيمة‎ Rā 's al - Ḫaymah ) is one of the seven emirates that make up the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
On November 4 , 2014 , Loblaws announced that the SaveEasy brand would be phased out in favor of its Your Independent Grocer brand in use in the rest of Canada .
Borgund Stave Church ( Nynorsk : Borgund stavkyrkje , Bokmål : Borgund stavkirke ) is a stave church located in the village of Borgund in the municipality of Lærdal in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Bambouk ( sometimes Bambuk or Bambuhu ) is a traditional name for the territory in eastern Senegal and western Mali , encompassing the Bambouk Mountains on its eastern edge , the valley of the Faleme River and the hilly country to the east of the river valley .
Ponurzyca ( pɔnuˈʐɨt͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Celestynów , within Otwock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kastos ( Greek : Καστός ) is a Greek island and a former community east of the island of Lefkada , Ionian Islands , Greece .
Achalm Castle is a ruined castle located above the towns of Reutlingen and Pfullingen in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
The Popular Republican Movement ( French : Mouvement Républicain Populaire , MRP ) was a Christian democratic political party in France during the Fourth Republic .
Jalaur River , also known as Jalaud River is the second largest river in island of Panay and the 17th largest river system in the Philippines in terms of drainage basin size .
Vuosaari ( Swedish : Nordsjö ) is a neighbourhood in the City of Helsinki , Finland .
Cankova ( pronounced ( ˈtsaːnkɔʋa ) ; Hungarian : Vashidegkút , German : Kaltenbrunn ) is a town in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Byeongpungdo , or Byeongpung Island , or Pyeongpung is an uninhabited island in South Korea 's Dadohaehaesang National Park , with an area of 0.56 square kilometers .
The Amalfi Coast ( Italian : Costiera Amalfitana ) is a stretch of coastline on the southern coast of the Sorrentine Peninsula in the Province of Salerno in Southern Italy .
The Funiculaire Du Perce - Neige in Tignes , France is an underground Funicular from the neighborhood Val Claret to the summer - skiing area and the lower station of the Telepherique Grande Motte .
The FemINist INitiative of BC ( FemINit BC ) was a political party that was registered in the province of British Columbia , Canada on June 22 , 2005 by a group of women living in poverty .
Saint Helier ( /sintˈhɛliər/ ) is one of the twelve parishes of Jersey , the largest of the Channel Islands in the English Channel .
Ballycroy National Park ( Irish : Páirc Náisiúnta Bhaile Chruaich ) is located in the Owenduff / Nephin Mountains area of the Barony of Erris in northwest County Mayo , Ireland .
Forcalquier Cathedral ( Concathédrale Notre - Dame - du - Bourguet de Forcalquier ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral , and a national monument of France , located in the town of Forcalquier , Alpes - de - Haute - Provence .
The Kolari railway ( Finnish : Kolarin rata ) is the northernmost railway in Finland and goes between Tornio and Kolari .
Forward operating base ( FOB ) Rhino , also known as Camp Rhino , was the first US land base established in Afghanistan during Operation Enduring Freedom .
The High School of Dundee was among the first Scottish charities investigated by the Office of the Scottish Charity Regulator for the public benefit derived from their tax - exempt status , and was the first independent school in the United Kingdom judged to have demonstrated its charitable aims and `` local and national benefit '' .
Okhotnyche ( Ukrainian : Охотниче ; Russian : Охотничье ; Crimean Tatar : Ohotniçye ) is a rural settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
Zəfəran ( also , Zə’fəran and Shafran ) is a village in Baku , Azerbaijan .
The Pietrișul Creek ( in Hungarian Köves - patak ) is a right tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania , Romania .
Pridgen v University of Calgary was a freedom of speech case which took place in Alberta , Canada , in 2010 .
The Gattola is a stream of the Basso Monferrato in north - west Italy , a left tributary of the Rotaldo .
Zapote River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( saˈpote ) ) is a river of Costa Rica .
The Rønne Stadion Nord is a multi - use Stadium in Bornholm , Denmark .
Auto Atlantic is an Atlantic Canada - based automotive industry magazine .
The Ceylon Workers ' Congress ( CWC ) is a political party in Sri Lanka that has traditionally represented Tamils working in the plantation sector of the economy ( Sri Lankan Tamils of Indian Origin ) .
The Ibn - e - Qasim Bagh Stadium , originally known as the Old Fort Stadium , is a multi - use stadium in Multan , Pakistan .
Shaheen Bagh is a neighbourhood in the South Delhi District of Delhi , India .
Barwik ( ˈbarvik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cape Mentelle Vineyards ( often referred to simply as Cape Mentelle ) is an Australian winery based at Margaret River , in the Margaret River wine region of Western Australia .
The Ocean Beach Railway ( OBR ) is a heritage railway that operates in Dunedin , New Zealand .
Dharmanagar ( Bengali : ধর্মনগর Dhôrmônôgar ) is a district town and a Municipal Council in the North East of India and the North Tripura district of the state of Tripura , India .
The Ito - Balmond Serpentine Pavilion is a structure designed by Cecil Balmond and Toyo Ito and originally built for the Serpentine Gallery Pavilion programme in London 's Kensington Gardens , Hyde Park , in 2002 and now part of a restaurant in southern France .
Hongdan ( Persian : هنگدان‎ , also Romanized as Hongdān ) is a village in Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Santrampur , which used to be known as Brahampuri , is a historical town of Mahisagar District in Gujarat State of India .
The Chalet Amill in Yauco , Puerto Rico is a Beaux Arts style house that was built in 1914 .
Tsagkarada ( Greek : Τσαγκαράδα ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Mouresi in the eastern part of Magnesia , Greece .
The Egmond Half Marathon ( Dutch : Egmond Halve Marathon ) is an annual half marathon race over 21.1 kilometres that has been staged in Egmond aan Zee , Netherlands since 1973 .
Sipaliwini River is a river of Suriname , the main source of the Courantyne River .
Isaka is a small town and station on the Mwanza railway line of Tanzania which connects to the seaport of Dar es Salaam .
Deriana or Daryanah ( Arabic : دريانة‎ ) is a town in the Benghazi District , of the Cyrenaica region in northeastern Libya .
The Palazzo Brentani is a historic mansion located in the centre of Milan , Italy , at Via Manzoni number 6 .
The Pravčická brána ( German : Prebischtor ) is a narrow rock formation located in the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
Kenora , originally named Rat Portage , is a small city situated on the Lake of the Woods in Northwestern Ontario , Canada , close to the Manitoba boundary , and about 200 km ( 124 mi ) east of Winnipeg .
The ACTRU Premier Division is a rugby union club competition based in Canberra , Australia , and conducted by the region 's governing body , the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union .
Punta Alta is a city in Argentina , about 20 kilometers southeast of Bahía Blanca .
Bunyoro is a kingdom in Western Uganda .
Mlawula Nature Reserve is situated in north - eastern Swaziland .
Wapno ( ˈvapnɔ ) is a village in Wągrowiec County , in the Greater Poland Voivodeship , close to the border with Żnin County .
Liukuaicuo Station ( Chinese : 六塊厝車站 ; pinyin : Liùkuàicuò Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Pingtung Line located in Pingtung City , Pingtung County , Taiwan .
Mazraeh - ye Allah Qoli ( Persian : مزرعه اله قلي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Allah Qolī ) is a village in Balesh Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Arasanj - e Qadim ( Persian : اراسنج قديم‎ , also Romanized as Ārāsanj - e Qadīm ; also known as Ārāsanj , Ārāsanj - e Pā’īn , and Ārāsanj - e Soflá ) is a village in Zahray - ye Pain Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Acaya is a small village , a community frazione of Vernole , in the province of Lecce and region of Apulia , in southern Italy .
Dayao County ( simplified Chinese : 大姚县 ; traditional Chinese : 大姚縣 ; pinyin : Dàyáo Xiàn ) is a county of north - central Yunnan province , People 's Republic of China , under the administration of Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture .
Vouziers - Sechault Air Base is an abandoned military airfield in France near Vouziers ( Departement des Ardennes in the Champagne - Ardenne region ) , located approximately 15 miles north - northwest of Sainte - Menehould ( Departement de la Marne , Champagne - Ardenne ) ; 117 miles east - northeast of Paris .
Ijdan ( Persian : ايجدان‎ , also Romanized as Ījdān ) is a village in Behnamvasat - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Nikoderian Tombs , also known as Mashkel Tombs , are Towers of Silence located in Balochistan , Pakistan .
UCH Macmillan Cancer Centre is a cancer hospital located in London , United Kingdom .
Deh - e Alishah ( Persian : د ه عليشا ه‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e `` Alīshāh ) is a village in Qorqori Rural District , Qorqori District , Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 73 , in 12 families .
Škofja Loka ( pronounced ( ˈʃkoːfja ˈloːka ) ; German : Bischoflack ) is a town in Slovenia .
Dunaújváros FC ( previously known as Dunaferr SE ) was a football team from Dunaújváros , Hungary .
Maingri is village of Narowal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan , it is located at an elevation of 243 metres .
Shurak - e Saburi ( Persian : شورك صبوري‎ , also Romanized as Shūrak - e Sabūrī ; also known as Shūrak - e Afghānhā ) is a village in Abravan Rural District , Razaviyeh District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mont d'Ambin ( in French ) or Rocca d'Ambin ( in Italian ) is a mountain on the border of Savoie , France and of the Province of Turin , Italy .
Pasir Gudang is an industrial town located in Johor Bahru District , Johor , Malaysia .
Nepean Bay Conservation Park is a small protected area on Kangaroo Island , South Australia .
Stražnji Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈstɾaːʒnji ˈʋərx ) ; German : Straßenberg ) is a settlement west of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Stanhope Airport , ( TC LID : CSN5 ) , is located adjacent to the community of Stanhope , Quebec , Canada .
Tatar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic ( TASSR , Tatar : Татарстан Автономияле Совет Социалистик Республикасы ; Russian : Татарская Автономная Советская Социалистическая республика ( ТАССР ) ) ( 1920 - -1990 ) was part of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic .
The Pedra Badejo lagoons Important Bird Area is in the Cape Verde archipelago , lying 600 km off the coast of north - west Africa in the Atlantic Ocean .
Nufenen Pass ( Italian : Passo della Novena , German : Nufenenpass ) ( el . 2478 m. ) is the second highest mountain pass with a paved road within Switzerland - after Umbrailpass .
The Jenko Award ( Slovene : Jenkova nagrada ) is a literary award in Slovenia awarded each year for the best poetry collection in Slovene published in the previous two years .
Runn , is a lake in Dalarna in central Sweden , between the cities of Falun and Borlänge .
Talhar ( Urdu : تلهار‎ ) is a town of Badin District , Sindh , Pakistan is located 240 kilometers east of Karachi .
Jordán Pond ( Czech : Jordán ) is a pond inside city Tábor , South Bohemian Region , the Czech Republic .
Haljala is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Lääne - Viru County , in northern Estonia .
Castrillo de los Polvazares is a village situated in Leon , in North - west of Spain .
The ancient Thracian city of Perperikon ( also Perpericon ; Bulgarian : Перперикон , Greek : Περπερικον ) is located in the Eastern Rhodopes , 15 km northeast of the present - day town of Kardzhali , Bulgaria , on a 470 m high rocky hill , which is thought to have been a sacred place .
In the same year Kedichem became nationally known in The Netherlands when extreme leftwing activists burned down a hotel there to prevent a joined meeting of the nationalist Centre Party and Centre Democrats parties , causing a number of injuries .
Sometimes the North Frisian Islands include also the Danish Wadden Sea Islands on the western coast of Jutland , Denmark .
The Anglican Diocese of Willochra is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia located in the state of South Australia , of which it covers over 90 % , mainly in northern and western South Australia .
Homla is a river in the municipality of Malvik in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Joshua Mqabuko Nkomo Polytechnic is a state higher education institution in Gwanda , Zimbabwe , offering Diploma in Education .
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute ( Persian : موسسه فلاحت در فراغت‎ -- Mūsaseh Felāḩet - e Dar Farāghat ) is a village and agricultural institute in Kushk - e Hezar Rural District , Beyza District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Te Aumiti / French Pass is a narrow and treacherous stretch of water that separates D'Urville Island , at the north end of the South Island of New Zealand , from the mainland coast .
Willis Street is located at the heart of the central business district of Wellington , the capital city of New Zealand .
Wyrzysk ( ˈvɨʐɨsk ) ( German : Wirsitz ) is a town in Poland with 5,263 ( 2004 ) inhabitants , situated in Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship .
The Margherita Hut is located in Italian territory , near the international border between Italy and Switzerland , in the Italian region of Piedmont .
The JE postcode area , also known as the Jersey postcode area , is a group of postal districts covering Jersey .
Cayenne ( /keɪˈɛn/ ; French pronunciation : ​(kajɛn ) ) is the capital city of French Guiana , an overseas region and department of France located in South America .
Hibiscus Coast Local Municipality is a local municipality in South Africa .
The Château de Saint - Cloud was a palace in France , built on a site overlooking the Seine at Saint - Cloud in Hauts - de - Seine , about 5 kilometres west of Paris .
Sleen is a village in Drenthe , Netherlands of about 2500 people .
The Guadalevín River is a tributary of the Guadiaro River in Málaga , Andalusia , Spain .
Bodmin General railway station , located in Bodmin , Cornwall , United Kingdom , was the terminus of the Great Western Railway 's Bodmin branch line , and is now the principal railway station of the heritage Bodmin and Wenford Steam Railway .
Goth Gorshani is a populated place located in Balochistan , on the route between the city of Quetta to Larkana in Sindh in Pakistan .
Atibaia ( or Estância de Atibaia ) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of São Paulo , Brazil .
Miłki ( ˈmiu̯ki ) ( German Milken ) is a village in Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mayor José Dejesús Martínez or Mayor José J. Martinez is a town in the Ñeembucú department of Paraguay .
The Zamorano Pan - American Agricultural School ( Spanish : Escuela Agrícola Panamericana Zamorano ) , generally known as El Zamorano or Zamorano , is a private , coeducational university located in the valley of the Yeguare river , Honduras .
Les Diablerets is a village and ski resort located in the municipality of Ormont - Dessus in the canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
Khalifa Point is small town in located in Lasbela District , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Matsapha Airport ( IATA : MTS , ICAO : FDMS ) is an airport located near Manzini , a city in Manzini District of Swaziland .
Analekta is Canada 's largest independent classical music recording label .
Legnickie Pole ( lɛɡˈnit͡skʲɛ ˈpɔlɛ ) ( in 1945 - 1948 Dobre Pole , German : Wahlstatt ) is a village in Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Bleckmar is a village administered by the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in the northern part of Celle district on the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany .
Kalsko ( ˈkalskɔ ) ( formerly German Kalzig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzecz , within Międzyrzecz County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Askøyfjellet or Kolbeinsvarden is a mountain in the municipality of Askøy in Hordaland county , Norway .
Tvärbanan is a light rail line in Stockholm , Sweden .
Vytina ( Greek : Βυτίνα ) is a mountain village and a former municipality in Arcadia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Tricase is a town and comune in the province of Lecce , part of the Apulia region of south - east Italy .
East Africa University ( EAU ) ( Arabic : جامعة شرق أفريقيا‎ ) is a private university in the autonomous Puntland state in northeastern Somalia .
Miravalles Protected Zone is a nature reserve in the central part of Costa Rica , which forms part of the Arenal Tilaran Conservation Area .
The Botteniga is a river in Northern Italy , a distributary of the Piave , it meets the River Sile at Treviso after descending approximately 60 metres over its 20 kilometre course .
Buġibba ( pronounced bu - jibb - buh ) is a zone within St. Paul 's Bay in the Northern Region , Malta .
Iloilo City , officially the City of Iloilo ( Hiligaynon : Dakbanwa sang Iloilo / Syudad sang Iloilo ; Karay - a : Syudad kang Iloilo / Syudad ka Iloilo ; Tagalog : Lungsod ng Iloilo ; Spanish : Ciudad de Iloílo ) , is a highly urbanized city on Panay island in the Philippines .
Khomeyn ( Persian : خمين‎ , also Romanized as Khomeīn , Khowmeyn , and Khūmaīn ) is a city in and the capital of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Itezhi - Tezhi is a small town in the south west section of the Southern Province of Zambia .
Nicaro Airport ( IATA : ICR , ICAO : MUNC ) is an airfield serving Nicaro in Cuba .
Aniavan ( Armenian : Անիավան , formerly Անի կայարանի - Ani kayarani ; translates as `` Ani station '' ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Kieljany ( kʲɛlˈjanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Paterson Inlet is a large natural harbour in the eastern coast of Stewart Island / Rakiura , New Zealand , much of which is unspoilt forest .
Rud Ab ( Persian : روداب‎ , also Romanized as Rūd Āb ) is a city in and capital of Rud Ab District , in Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Astakul ( Persian : استاكول‎ , also Romanized as Āstākūl ; also known as Āstākol ) is a village in Ab Bar Rural District , in the Central District of Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The National Order of the Leopard is the highest honorific decoration of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Doi Inthanon ( Thai : ดอยอินทนนท์ ( pronunciation ) ) is the highest mountain in Thailand .
A music video for `` Come into My World '' was directed by Michel Gondry , featuring duplicated Kylies walking in Paris , France with a lot of local townspeople .
Łapczyna Wola ( wapˈt͡ʂɨna ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko , within Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Bombay Hills are a range of hills to the south of Auckland , New Zealand .
Dayamir Union is the native home of General M. A. G. Osmani , who was supreme commander of the Bangladesh Liberation War .
Naushahro Feroze District , ( Sindhi : نوشهرو فیروز‎ ) , is a district in the province of Sindh , Pakistan .
Mačkat , in Serbian Cyrillic Мачкат , is a village in Serbia situated in the municipality of Čajetina , and the district of Zlatibor .
The Palazzo delle Vedove ( Italian for Widows ' Palace ) is a palace in Pisa , Tuscany , Italy .
Namtok Pha Charoen National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติน้ำตกพาเจริญ ) is a national park in the Phop Phra District , Tak Province , Thailand .
Jaú is a municipality in the center of the state of São Paulo , in Brazil .
Playas del Coco is one of the oldest beach communities in Guanacaste Province , Costa Rica .
Basoko is a town on the Congo River in Tshopo District of northern Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Plouguiel ( Breton : Priel ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Wangtu is a place situated in Kinnaur , Himachal Pradesh , India , its geographical coordinates are 31 ° 33 ' 0 `` North , 78 ° 1 ' 0 '' East and its original name ( with diacritics ) is Wangtu .
Cerro Pared Norte is a mountain located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile .
Hyatt Regency Dushanbe Hotel is a hotel located at Dushanbe , Tajikistan .
Creemore ( from Irish Croí Mór , meaning `` big heart '' ) is a former village , now part of Clearview Township , located in Simcoe County , Ontario , Canada .
Kushk - e Borj ( Persian : كوشك برج‎ , also Romanized as Kūshk - e Borj ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Cabinteely ( Irish : Cábán tSíle , meaning `` Sheila 's Cabin '' ) is a south - eastern suburb of Dublin in Ireland , in the administrative county of Dún Laoghaire--
Oss ( Dutch : ( ɔs ) ) is a municipality and a city in the southern Netherlands , in the province of North Brabant .
Planet Godrej is located in South Mumbai on plot of 9-acre ( 3.6 ha ) at Mahalaxmi , Mumbai Planet Godrej is one of the tallest towers in India .
The Waldalgesheim chariot burial ( German : Waldalgesheimer Fürstengrab ) was a 4th - century BC Celtic princely chariot burial site in Waldalgesheim , Germany , discovered in 1869 .
Korea Polytechnic University ( KPU , 한국산업기술대학교 ) is a polytechnic university in South Korea .
Lubczynek ( lupˈt͡ʂɨnɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Belém Novo ( meaning New Bethlehem in Portuguese ) is a neighbourhood in the city of Porto Alegre , the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
Warburto Point is a headland located on the west coast of the Yorke Peninsula in South Australia about 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) south west of the town of Wallaroo .
Waziristan ( Pashto : وزیرستان‎ , `` land of the Wazir '' ) is a mountainous region covering the North Waziristan and South Waziristan agencies , FR Bannu , and the western part of Tank in northwestern Pakistan , and the Janikhel , Gurbuz and Barmal districts of eastern Afghanistan .
Makana Local Municipality is the local municipality which governs the town of Grahamstown and surrounding areas in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Rohtas Fort ( Punjabi , Urdu : قلعہ روہتاس‎ Qila Rohtas ) is a historical garrison fort located near the city of Jhelum in Punjab , Pakistan .
North Kanpur is a zone within the city limits of Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh , India .
Sendawar is a seat of West Kutai Regency , East Kalimantan , Indonesia .
Aghvaran ( Persian : اغ ورن‎ , also Romanized as Āghvaran ) is a village in Owch Tappeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Radio Bay of Plenty is a radio company based in Whakatane , New Zealand .
The 1976 Summer Paralympics medal table is a list of National Paralympic Committees ( NPCs ) ranked by the number of gold medals won by their athletes during the 1976 Summer Paralympics , held in Toronto , Canada , from August 3 to 11 , 1976 .
Burtnieki Castle ( German : Schloss Burtneck ; Estonian : Asti ordulinnus ) is a castle in the historical region of Vidzeme , in northern Latvia .
Tour Eqho ( also known as Tour IBM , and Tour Descartes ) is an office skyscraper located in La Défense business district situated west of Paris , France .
Zalishchyky ( Ukrainian : Залiщики , also Zalishchyky , Polish : Zaleszczyki ) is a small city located on the Dniester River in the southern part of the Ternopil Oblast ( province ) , in western Ukraine .
Świerzawa ( ɕfjɛˈʐava ) ( German : Schönau an der Katzbach ) is a town in Złotoryja County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
QBD , originally Queensland Book Depot , is a large chain of bookshops in Australia , with almost all stores found in the states of Queensland and New South Wales .
Naulong Dam is an embankment dam currently under construction on the Mula River , about 30 km from Gandawah City in Jhal Magsi district of Balochistan , Pakistan .
Based in Frankfurt , Germany , Cocoon is a division of the Cocoon Music Event GmbH. Väth founded Cocoon Recordings in order to complete the Cocoon platform as a supporting tool for young artists in Electronic Music ..
Barawa ( Somali : Baraawe , Arabic : مدينة ﺑﺮﺍﻭة‎ ) , also known as Brava , is a port town in the southeastern Lower Shebelle region of Somalia .
Bay Damram ( Khmer : ឃុំ បាយដំរាំ ) is a khum ( commune ) of Banan District in Battambang Province in north - western Cambodia .
The Atlantic Provinces Chambers of Commerce ( APCC ) is a regional chamber of commerce in the four Atlantic Provinces of Canada .
The Grand Duke Jean Museum of Modern Art ( French : Musée d'art moderne Grand - Duc Jean ) , abbreviated to Mudam , is a museum of modern art in Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Kinel ( Russian : Кинель ) is a town in Samara Oblast , Russia , located on the Bolshoy Kinel River near its confluence with the Samara River , 41 kilometers ( 25 mi ) east of Samara .
The Pong River ( Thai : น้ำปง ) is a river of Thailand with its source in the Phi Pan Nam Range .
Karridene is a small resort in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Samoded ( Russian : Самодед ) is a rural locality ( a settlement ) located in the north of Plesetsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia , on both banks of the Vaymuga River , a tributary of the Yemtsa River .
Izeh ( Persian : ايذه‎‎ , also Romanized as Īz̄eh ; also known as Malāmir , Izaj , and Malemir ) is a city in and the capital of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Palmarola is a craggy , mostly uninhabited island in the Tyrrhenian Sea off the west coast of Italy .
Kumanovo ( Macedonian : Куманово ( kuˈmanɔvɔ ) ; Albanian : Kumanovë / Kumanova ) is a city in the Republic of Macedonia and is the seat of Kumanovo Municipality which is the largest municipality in the country .
Équipe Andrée Champoux pour Verdun ( EAC ) ( English : Team Andrée Champoux for Verdun ) is a municipal political party in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Eastern Macedonia and Thrace ( Greek : Ανατολική Μακεδονία και Θράκη , formally Περιφέρεια Ανατολικής Μακεδονίας και Θράκης ) is one of the thirteen administrative regions of Greece .
The Community Action Programme ( CAP ) also known as Support for the very long - term unemployed is a workfare programme in the United Kingdom whereby long - term unemployed people who have been unemployed for over three years must work for their benefits for six months or have them removed .
Skeleton Coast National Park is a national park located in northwest Namibia , and has the most inaccessible shores , dotted with shipwrecks .
Gleninagh or Glaninagh ( Irish : Gleann Eidhneach ) is a civil parish in County Clare , Ireland .
Khiaban ( Persian : خيابان‎ , also Romanized as Khīābān and Kheyābān ) is a village in Dasht - e Taybad Rural District , Miyan Velayat District , Taybad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Seleh Marz ( Persian : سله مرز‎ ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Ahmadsargurab District , Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Taputapuatea is a commune of French Polynesia , an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean .
On February 1 , 1995 , Wisconsin Central Ltd. purchased Algoma Central Railway Incorporated , operating the railway as a separate subsidiary , Wisconsin Central Canada Holdings .
Rambutyo Island is one of the Admiralty Islands in the Bismarck Archipelago , located at 2 ° 17′S 147 ° 49′E. Politically , Rambutyo Island is part of Manus Province , Papua New Guinea .
The Pic de l'Aurore ( Peak o'Dawn ) is a cliff culminating at about 800 feet at the west entrance of the village of Percé on the Gaspé Peninsula , Quebec , Canada .
Los Cerros de San Juan is a populated centre in the Colonia Department of Uruguay .
Semeling Bypass , Federal Route 253 , is a major highway bypass in Semeling , Kedah , Malaysia .
Château Pavie is a winery in Saint - Émilion in the Bordeaux region of France .
Blegdamsvej is a street in Copenhagen , Denmark , connecting Sankt Hans Torv in Nørrebro to Trianglen in Østerbro .
The Gateshead Garden Festival was the fourth of the United Kingdom 's five National Garden Festivals .
Lake Shabla ( Bulgarian : Шабленско езеро ) is a lagoon ( liman ) in the north - eastern Bulgaria , which separated from the Black Sea by the sandbar .
Uludaş ( also , Uludash ) is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Chillwa Quta ( Aymara ch'illiwa , chillwa , a species of grass ( Festuca dolichophylla ) , quta lake , `` chillwa lake '' , also spelled Chillhua Kkota ) is a lake in the Kimsa Cruz mountain range in the Andes of Bolivia .
The Kyiv National Economic University , named after Vadym Hetman , is a higher educational institution in Kiev , Ukraine , and a self - governing ( autonomous ) research National University .
Souanké is a city and capital of Souanké District in the Sangha Region of northwestern Republic of the Congo .
Male Vrhe ( pronounced ( ˈmaːlɛ ʋəɾˈxeː ) ; in older sources also Mali Vrhi , German : Kleingupf ) is a small settlement in the hills west of Muljava in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Mauthausen is a small market town in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
The Azadegan oil field is an oil field in Iran .
Spooky Records is a garage and rock record label formed in Melbourne , Australia by Loki Lockwood in 1999 .
Umm as Sabaan ( Arabic : ام الصبان‎ ) is an islet in Bahrain .
Golchi ( Persian : گلچي‎ , also Romanized as Golchī ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Vleeshuis ( Butcher 's Hall , or literally Meat House ) in Antwerp , Belgium is a former guildhall .
Andzevatsik was a region of ancient and medieval Armenia c. 400 - -800 in the South - East of Vaspurakan , ruled by the Antzevatsi family .
Primacom is a private cable network operator in Germany with around 1 million connected households and approximately 0.8 million customers .
A dos Cunhados ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐ duʃ kuˈɲaduʃ ) ) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Torres Vedras in the central Oeste subregion of Portugal .
Sebyan - Kyuyol ( Russian : Себян-Кюёль ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Lamynkhinsky National Rural Okrug of Kobyaysky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 460 kilometers ( 290 mi ) from Sangar , the administrative center of the district .
Sara Airport ( IATA : SSR , ICAO : NVSH ) is an airport on northern Pentecost Island , Vanuatu .
Gruben Church ( Norwegian : Gruben kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county , Norway .
Haparu Rural District ( Persian : دهستان هپرو‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Olgas Square ( Greek : Πλατεία Όλγας , Plateia Olgas ) is the older and popular name for the Ethnikis Antistaseos Square ( Πλατεία Εθνικής Αντιστάσεως , Plateia Ethnikis Antistaseos ) in the city of Patras , Greece .
RaumZeitLabor is a hackerspace operated by non - profit association RaumZeitLabor e. V. in the city of Mannheim , Germany .
Lac d'Antre is a lake above Villards - d'Héria , in the Jura department of France .
Könkämäeno ( Swedish : Könkämäälven ) is a river in Finland and Sweden in Finnish and Swedish Lapland .
International Turkmen - Turkish University ( Turkmen : Halkara Türkmen - Türk uniwersiteti , Turkish : Uluslararası Türkmen - Türk Üniversitesi , abbreviated as ITTU ) is a university located in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan .
Sirok is a historic village ( population 2,100 ) in Heves county in Hungary , situated near Eger in Mátra mountains .
Irenji ( Persian : ايرنجي‎ , also Romanized as Īrenjī ; also known as Īrīnchī ) is a village in Dursun Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Sperlinga ( Gallo - Italic of Sicily : Sperrënga ; Sicilian : Spillinga ) is a comune in the province of Enna , in the central part of the island of Sicily , in southern Italy .
Highfield College was an independent , day and boarding school for boys , in Turramurra , on the North Shore of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Cachapoal River is tributary river of the Rapel River in Chile located in the Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region .
Mohammadabad - e Bab Skakan ( Persian : محمداباد باب سكاكان‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Bāb Skākān ; also known as Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lake Gossi , or Mare de Grossi , is a body of water near Gossi in the Cercle of Gourma - Rharous of the Tombouctou Region of Mali .
Mantralayam is a constituency in Kurnool district in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Makaryev ( Russian : Мака́рьев ) is a town and the administrative center of Makaryevsky District in Kostroma Oblast , Russia , located on the right bank of the Unzha River ( Volga 's tributary ) , 184 kilometers ( 114 mi ) east of Kostroma , the administrative center of the oblast .
Brunapeg is a business center and village in the Matebeland South region of Zimbabwe .
Mazraeh - ye Bidu ( Persian : مزرعه بيدو‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Bīdū ) is a village in Dasht - e Laleh Rural District , Asir District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 11 , in 4 families .
Anooshiravan , Zahedan ( Persian : انوشیروان‎ ) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District , in the Corrin of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kangarin ( Persian : كنگرين‎ , also Romanized as Kangarīn ) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Galleh Sorkh ( Persian : گله سرخ‎ ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Arboretum de l'Hort de Dieu is an arboretum on the southern flank of Mont Aigoual , about 39 km ( 24 mi ) north of Le Vigan , Gard , Languedoc - Roussillon , France , at the border of Gard and Lozère .
The OV - chipkaart ( short for openbaar vervoer chipkaart , meaning public transport chipcard ) is a contactless smart card system used for all public transport in the Netherlands .
Mequinenza ( Spanish : ( mekiˈnenθa ) ) or Mequinensa ( Catalan : ( məkiˈnɛnsə ) , locally : ( mekiˈnɛnsa ) ) is a town and municipality of the province of Zaragoza , in the autonomous community of Aragon , Spain .
International Rome Film Festival is a film festival that takes place in Rome , Italy , during the month of October .
Mill Woods Road , together with 38 Avenue NW , is a ring road in the neighbourhood of Mill Woods , Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
The company Klauser , also known as Klauser Schuhe or Schuhhaus Klauser , is one of the largest owner - operated shoe retailers in Germany .
Swedish county roads ( Länsväg ) are roads with road numbers from 100 and upwards in Sweden .
Mount Athabasca is located in the Columbia Icefield of Jasper National Park in Canada .
Kul Terk ( Persian : كول ترك‎ , also Romanized as Kūl Terk ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Usaquén is a residential and commercial locality ( district ) in northern Bogotá , capital of Colombia .
Flagstaff County is a municipal district in east central Alberta , Canada .
Modryń ( ˈmɔdrɨɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Stary Kraków ( ˈstarɨ ˈkrakuf ) ( formerly German Altkrakow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The National University Hospital of Iceland ( Icelandic : Landspítali ) .
The Fountain of Campo das Hortas ( Portuguese : Chafariz do Campo das Hortas ) is a fountain located in civil parish of Sé , municipality of Braga in northern Portugal .
Spodnja Nova Vas ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnja ˈnɔːva ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Spodnja Nova vas ) is a village immediately east of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Narayanpur , Seti is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal .
Val - Jalbert is a ghost town in the Saguenay - Lac - Saint - Jean region of Quebec , Canada .
Ndeeba is a neighborhood in the city of Kampala , Uganda 's capital .
The Southern Tagalog Arterial Road ( also known as the STAR Tollway or CALABARZON Expressway ) is a two - to - four - lane 42 km ( 26 mi ) expressway in the province of Batangas in the Philippines .
Garmabalah - ye Sofla ( Persian : گرمابله سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Garmābalah - ye Soflá and Garmāvaleh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Zagheh Rural District , Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
William R. Allen Road , also known as Allen Road and The Allen is a short expressway / freeway and arterial road in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Henninger Turm ( English : Henninger Tower ) was a grain storage silo located in the Sachsenhausen - Süd district of Frankfurt , Germany .
Poovanam ( Tamil : பூவாணம் ) is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Sheraton Ankara is a hotel and convention center in Ankara , Turkey .
Huancavelica ( Spanish pronunciation : ( waŋkaβeˈlika ) ) or Wankawilka in Quechua is a city in Peru .
Skyros Island National Airport ( Greek : Κρατικός Αερολιμένας Σκύρου ) ( IATA : SKU , ICAO : LGSY ) is an airport serving the island of Skyros in Greece .
Peskovci ( pronounced ( pɛˈskoːu̯tsi ) ; Hungarian : Petőfa ) is a small village immediately east of Gornji Petrovci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Muan County ( Muan - gun ) is a county in South Jeolla Province ( Jeollanam - do ) , South Korea .
Chali Khamaz ( Persian : چالي خماز‎ , also Romanized as Chālī Khamāz ; also known as Chākhlāmāz and Chālkhāmāz ) is a village in Baruq Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chongjin Airport ( IATA : RGO , ICAO : ZKHM ) , known within North Korea as Orang Airport , is a small airport located approximately 40 kilometres from Chongjin , North Hamgyong in North Korea .
Halil Rud ( Persian : هليل رود‎ , also Romanized as Halīl Rūd ; also known as Deh - e Halīl Rūd ) is a village in Javaran Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Weyburn Security Bank Building ( also referred to as the Imperial Bank of Canada Building ) is located at 76 - 3rd Street in Weyburn , Saskatchewan , Canada and is a two - storey building with a glazed terracotta façade .
Oristano Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Oristano ; Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta ) , dedicated to the Assumption of the Virgin Mary , is the Roman Catholic cathedral of Oristano , Sardinia , Italy .
Imphy is a commune in the Nièvre department in Bourgogne , France .
Kostolište ( German : Kirchenplatz ) is a village in Malacky District in the Bratislava Region of western Slovakia close to the town of Malacky , north - west of Slovakia 's capital Bratislava .
Stiepel is a southern district of the City of Bochum in the Ruhr area in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Quindío River ( Spanish : Río Quindío ) is the principal river of the department of Quindío , Colombia .
while a few different honorary names are attributed to those restorations , scholars , archeologist and the government of Italy recognise this platform as the `` Rostra Vetera '' encased inside the `` Rostra Augusti '' .
The Sunniberg Bridge is an extradosed road bridge near Klosters in Switzerland .
Liscannor ( Irish : Lios Ceannúir , meaning `` ringfort of Ceannúr '' ) is a coastal village in County Clare , Ireland .
Lake Breaden is a salt lake in the Gibson Desert of Western Australia , to the northeast of Boyd Lagoon .
Heydarabad - e Saki ( Persian : حيدرابادساكي‎‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād - e Sākī ; also known as Ḩeydarābād - e Cheshmeh Barqī and Ḩeydarābād ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Mozaffari Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Keppetipola ( කැප්පෙටිපොල ) is a town in Sri Lanka .
The Chiesa di San Giovanni del Toro ( Italian : `` Church of St. John of the Bull '' ) is a church in Ravello , southern Italy .
Moiwana is a Maroon village in the Marowijne district in the east of Suriname .
Breim Church ( Norwegian : Breim kyrkje ) is a parish church in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Someshwar Mahadev Temple is an ancient temple dedicated to Shankar in Gujarat , India .
Drangey or Drang Isle , with its steep sea cliffs , towers majestically in the midst of Skagafjörður fjord in Iceland .
The Municipality of Vipava ( pronounced ( viˈpaːva ) ; Slovene : Občina Vipava ) is a municipality in western Slovenia .
Ukrainsk ( Ukrainian : Українськ ) is a city in Selydove municipality , Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
The Cluj - Napoca Unitarian Church ( Romanian : Biserica Unitariană din Cluj ; Hungarian : kolozsvári unitárius templom ) , located at 21 December 1989 Street # 9 , is a Unitarian church in Cluj - Napoca , Romania .
The University of Silesia in Katowice ( Polish : Uniwersytet Śląski w Katowicach , UŚ ) is an autonomous state - run university in Silesia Province , Katowice , Poland .
Gradenje ( pronounced ( ɡɾaˈdeːnjɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia .
Góis ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɡɔjʃ ) ) is a municipality of the district of Coimbra , in the central part of continental Portugal .
Krohnsminde kunstgressbane is a municipality - owned sports ground and football stadium located in the city of Bergen , Norway , near Danmarks plass in the borough of Årstad .
Jariban ( Somali : Jaribaan , Arabic : جاريبان‎ ) is a town in the north - central Mudug region of Somalia .
The Prehistory Museum of Valencia is a museum of the city of Valencia ( Spain ) that exposes archaeological materials covering from Paleolithic to the Visigoths period .
Meyreuil is a commune in the Bouches - du - Rhône department in southern France , about 11 km ( 6.8 mi ) from Aix en Provence .
Verrabotn is a village located in the municipality of Verran in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Culturally Sainikpuri is Pan - Indian due to its Armed Forces origins , and has been home to people from almost every major culture of India .
The Major Hart River ( Ts'íhe Tú in Kaska ) is a river in northern British Columbia , Canada , flowing northeast into the Turnagain River , a tributary of the Kechika , southwest of the community of Liard River .
The Legislative Assembly of Ontario ( also known as Ontario Legislative Assembly or Parliament of Ontario ) , is the legislature of the Canadian province of Ontario , and is the second largest provincial legislature of Canada by number of members .
Samsø Airport is an airport on Samsø , Denmark .
Ginzan Onsen ( 銀山温泉 ) is an onsen ( hot spring ) area in Obanazawa , Yamagata Prefecture , Japan .
Claremont Oval is an Australian rules football stadium located in Perth , Australia .
Yingkiong is the headquarters of Upper Siang district in the state of Arunachal Pradesh in India .
Qawat is an oasis and a crossroad town in Murzuq District , Libya .
Afetes ( Greek : Αφέτες ) is a village and a former municipality in Magnesia , Thessaly , Greece .
Sar Barzah ( Persian : سربرزه‎ ) is a village in Horr Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Kardaras ( Greek : Καρδαράς ) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Levidi , Arcadia , Greece .
Kleszczele ( klɛʂˈt͡ʂɛlɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Кліщелі , Klishcheli ) is a town in Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , north - eastern Poland .
Bhausaheb Bandodkar Ground ( also known as Campal Grounds and Panjim Gymkhana Grounds ) is a cricket ground in Panaji , Goa , India .
Kallang Tennis Centre is situated at the south - eastern region of Singapore .
Linton Apartments ( also known as Le Linton ) is an apartment building in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Paju National Football Center , shortly called Paju NFC is training ground in Paju , South Korea .
Yenangyaung ( Burmese : ရေနံချောင်း ; literally `` stream of oil '' ) is a city in Myanmar , Magway Division .
York Mills Road is an east - west route in Toronto , Ontario , Canada named for the historic village of York Mills that was located on the hill immediately north of today 's intersection of York Mills Road and Yonge Street .
Benis ( Persian : بنیس‎‎ , also romanized as Benīs ; also known as Benīz and Biniz ) is a village in Guney - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sabz Dasht ( Persian : سبزدشت‎ ) is a village in Bayaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Papuk is the largest mountain in the Slavonia region in eastern Croatia , near the city of Požega .
The Auteuil Hippodrome is a horse racing venue on Route des Lacs in Paris , France .
Ras ben Sakka is the northernmost point of the African continent , located 15 kilometres from Bizerte , the northernmost city in Africa on the Mediterranean Sea , 22 kilometres to the north - east of the Ichkeul lake World Heritage Site , in Tunisia .
Eslām Chūngar ( or : Islam Chomgar ) is a small town in the province of Jowzjan , northern Afghanistan .
Tomb KV60 in Egypt 's Valley of the Kings is one of the more perplexing tombs of the Theban Necropolis , due to the uncertainty over the identity of one female mummy found there ( KV60A ) , thought by some , such as the noted Egyptologist Elizabeth Thomas , to be that of 18th dynasty Pharaoh Hatshepsut .
Sangtuda 1 Hydroelectric Power Plant is a hydroelectric power plant , located on the Vakhsh River in Tajikistan .
Yuanlin Station ( Chinese : 員林車站 ; pinyin : Yuánlín chēzhàn ) is a railway station of the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line located in Yuanlin City , Changhua County , Taiwan .
Old St. Peter 's Basilica was the building that stood , from the 4th to 16th centuries , on the spot where the new St. Peter 's Basilica stands today in Vatican City .
Horné Lefantovce ( Hungarian : Felsőelefánt ) is a village and municipality in the Nitra District of the Nitra Region , in western Slovakia .
Interchange21 or Interchange Mall is a 36 storey office and shopping complex located in Watthana district , Bangkok , Thailand .
Urbino ( Italian : ( urˈbiːno ) ; listen ) is a walled city in the Marche region of Italy , south - west of Pesaro , a World Heritage Site notable for a remarkable historical legacy of independent Renaissance culture , especially under the patronage of Federico da Montefeltro , duke of Urbino from 1444 to 1482 .
Serekunda ( Arabic : سيريكوندا‎ , sometimes spelled Serrekunda ) is the largest urban centre in The Gambia .
Matsiloje is a village in the North East District of Botswana on the west bank of the Ramokgwebana River , which forms the border with Zimbabwe .
Veeyapuram ( Malayalam : വീയപുരം ) is a village in the district of Alappuzha , Kerala , India .
Erfurt Hauptbahnhof or Erfurt Central Station is the central railway station at Erfurt in Germany .
Minudasht ( Persian : مينودشت‎ ) , also Romanized as Mīnūdasht and Mīnū Dasht ) is a city in and capital of Minudasht County in Golestan Province , in northern Iran .
Kalinovik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Калиновик ) is a town and municipality in the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Vettweiß ( alternative spelling : Vettweiss ) is a municipality in the district of Düren in the state of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Province of Buenos Aires Railway ( in Spanish : Ferrocarril Provincial de Buenos Aires - FCPBA ) was a state - owned company that operated a 902 km 1,000 mm ( 3 ft 3 3⁄8 in ) metre gauge railway network in the Province of Buenos Aires in Argentina .
Srb ( Serbian Cyrillic : Срб ) is a village located in the southeastern part of Lika , in Croatia , administratively divided into Donji Srb ( 44.371355 ° N 16.125526 ° E , population 255 , census 2001 ) and Gornji Srb ( 44.354941 ° N 16.120462 ° E , population 79 , census 2001 ) .
Mount Somers is a small town in Canterbury , New Zealand , nestled in the foothills of the Southern Alps .
Piz Ault is a mountain of the Glarus Alps , located south of the Oberalpstock in Switzerland .
Deh Now - e Qalandaran ( Persian : دهنوقلندران‎‎ , also Romanized as Deh Now - e Qalandarān ; also known as Deh Now ) is a village in Faramarzan Rural District , Jenah District , Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Kak Pul ( Urdu : کاک پل ) ( preferred ) , Kaak Pul or Kaak bridge is a bridge in Islamabad , Pakistan .
The Stockholm urban area ( Swedish : Stockholms tätort ) is the largest and most populous of the statistical localities or urban areas in Sweden .
Yakkasaray ( also spelled Yakkasaroy ) is one of 11 districts ( tuman ) of Tashkent , the capital of Uzbekistan .
The Gunnar Mine was a uranium mine in northern Saskatchewan , Canada located around 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) southwest of the community of Uranium City .
Jaworówko ( javɔˈrufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mousehole Wild Bird Hospital and Sanctuary is a bird sanctuary and hospital based near Mousehole , a village in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Kemperi ( Georgian : ქემფერი ) is a village in Khashuri Municipality of Shida Kartli region in Georgia .
Kerið ( occasionally Anglicized as Kerith or Kerid ) is a volcanic crater lake located in the Grímsnes area in south Iceland , on the popular tourist route known as the Golden Circle .
Hrib pri Rožnem Dolu ( pronounced ( ˈxɾiːp pɾi ˈɾoːʒnɛm ˈdoːlu ) ; German : Hrib bei Rosenthal ) is a small settlement in the hills west of Rožni Dol in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia .
Zahínos is a municipality located in the southwestern corner of the province of Badajoz , Extremadura , Spain .
Ramsvik Church ( Norwegian : Ramsvik kirke ) is a church in the municipality of Rissa in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Chato District is one of the five districts in Geita Region of northwestern Tanzania .
Dast - e Gechan ( Persian : دست گچان‎ , also Romanized as Dast - e Gechān ) is a village in Rud Ab - e Gharbi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ševlje ( pronounced ( ˈʃeːu̯ljɛ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Exercise Tocsin was an emergency preparedness drill held by the Government of Canada on November 13 , 1961 that simulated a nuclear attack by the USSR on Canada .
Tiniroto is a small farming and forestry community on the `` inland '' road from Gisborne to Wairoa in the eastern part of the North Island of New Zealand .
Völtendorf Airport ( German : Flugplatz Völtendorf , ICAO : LOAD ) is a private use airport located 0 kilometres ( 0 mi ) west - southwest of Völtendorf , Lower Austria , Austria .
Dawson Falls is one of seven waterfalls on the Murtle River in Wells Gray Provincial Park , British Columbia , Canada .
National Chung Cheng University ( CCU ; Chinese : 國立中正大學 ) is a public research university located in Minxiong Township , Chiayi County , Taiwan .
Chelsea Harbour Pier is a pier on the River Thames , in London , United Kingdom .
The valley of Punial ( Urdu : ڀو نيا ل ) is situated in Ghizer District in the Gilgit - Baltistan , Pakistan , where hundreds of thousands of tourists visit annually .
Sunabeda is a township and a municipality in the state of Odisha , India , located in the valleys of the Koraput region .
Tricarico ( Greek : Triakron ) is a town and comune in the province of Matera , Basilicata , southern Italy .
The Combatant Clergy Association ( in Persian : جامعه روحانیت مبارز‎‎ Jāme'e - ye Rowhāniyyat - e Mobārez ) is a political party in Iran .
St. Catherine 's Church , Pärnu ( Estonian : Katariina kirik ) is a Russian Orthodox church in Pärnu , Estonia .
The University Teaching Hospital of Yaounde ( French : Centre Hospitalier et Universitaire de Yaoundé - CHU ) is a University Hospital in Yaoundé , Cameroon , founded by a Presidential decree on the 28th of October 1965 .
Yeyenwu is a cave in Hiw , the northernmost island of Vanuatu .
Dołubowo - Wyręby ( dɔwuˈbɔvɔ vɨˈrɛmbɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Židikai Marija Pečkauskaitė secondary school ( lt : Židikų Marijos Pečkauskaitės vidurinė mokykla ) is a secondary school located in Židikai , Lithuania .
Kent Ridge Bus Terminal ( Chinese : 肯特岗巴士终站 ) is a bus station located at Kent Ridge , in the west of Singapore .
Wola Żarczycka ( ˈvɔla ʐarˈt͡ʂɨt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sarzyna , within Leżajsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Tarung Derajat is a full body contact martial art from West Java , Indonesia , created by Haji Achmad Dradjat .
The Little River Rail Trail is a cycling and walking track on Banks Peninsula in the Canterbury region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Pyramid Valley is a limestone rock formation near Waikari in the North Canterbury region of New Zealand .
Minnagara was an ancient port located in what is now the modern city of Karachi , in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
The Rockcliffe Yacht Club is a non - profit Yacht club based on the south shore of the Ottawa River near the Ottawa / Rockcliffe Airport in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada north of the Canada Aviation Museum .
The Changzhou North Railway Station ( Chinese : 常州北站 ) is a high - speed railway station in Changzhou , Jiangsu , People 's Republic of China .
Anlong Run ( Khmer : ឃុំអន្លង់រុន ) is a khum ( commune ) of Thma Koul District in Battambang Province in north - western Cambodia .
Collège Sainte - Anne is a private Canadian corporation of Kindergarten , High School and Pre - university schools located in Montreal , Canada , in the boroughs of Lachine and Dorval .
Tryon Island is a coral cay located in the southern Great Barrier Reef , 86 km northeast of Gladstone , Queensland , Australia , and 465 km north of the state capital Brisbane .
The Henley - on - Todd Regatta ( also called the Todd River Race ) is a `` boat '' race held annually in the typically dry sandy bed of the Todd River in Alice Springs , Australia .
Kamaleswaram Mahadeva Temple is a temple for Lord Shiva situated in Kamaleswaram , near by Govt . Kamaleswaram Higher Secondary School , Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala , India .
Domokos ( Greek : Δομοκός ) , the ancient Thaumacus or Thaumacie , is a town and a municipality in Phthiotis , Greece .
Nanning is home of the 21st tallest building in the People 's Republic of China , the Diwang International Commerce Center , at 276 m ( 906 ft ) , currently the tallest building in Guangxi and southwestern China ( excluding Chongqing ) .
Feni Computer Institute is a technology based institution in Feni Sadar Upazila , Bangladesh .
Niphad railway station is a railway station in the state of Maharashtra , India , on the Central Railway network , 32 km from Nasik Road .
Dolmarz ( Persian : دلمرز‎ ; also known as Dowlemarz and Dūlmarz ) is a village in Gahrbaran - e Shomali Rural District , Gahrbaran District , Miandorud County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
This give Masters Home Improvement the title of Australia 's first online hardware and home improvement retailer .
The Esparragalejo Dam was a Roman multiple arch buttress dam at Esparragalejo , Badajoz province , Extremadura , Spain .
Redonda is an uninhabited Caribbean island which is politically part of Antigua and Barbuda , in the Leeward Islands , West Indies .
So its name is Vasant Kunj 2 As of 2001 India census , Nangal Dewat had a population of 13,168 .
Beacon Park is a public park in the centre of the city of Lichfield , Staffordshire , in the United Kingdom .
Merkers - Kieselbach is a former municipality in the Wartburgkreis district of Thuringia , Germany .
The Cape Hope Islands are an uninhabited Canadian arctic islands group located within the midsection of James Bay in Nunavut , Canada .
Bjugn Church ( Norwegian : Bjugn kirke ) is a church in the municipality of Bjugn in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Rama V Bridge ( Thai : สะพานพระราม 5 ) is a bridge across the Chao Phraya River in Nonthaburi Province , Thailand .
Owen Sound Collegiate and Vocational Institute ( OSCVI ) , located in Owen Sound , Ontario , Canada , is one of the oldest schools in Canada having been founded in 1856 and in the late 1880s and early 1890s was the most academically successful school in Ontario .
Mont Saint - Bruno is part of the Monteregian Hills in southern Quebec , Canada .
The Sejm of the Republic of Poland ( ( sɛjm ) ; Polish : Sejm Rzeczypospolitej Polskiej ) is the lower house of the Polish parliament .
Faqir Zehi Nur Mohammad ( Persian : فقيرزهي نورمحمد‎ , also Romanized as Faqīr Zehī Nūr Moḩammad ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Ağrı İbrahim Çeçen University ( Turkish : Ağrı İbrahim Çeçen Üniversitesi , ICUA ) is a public higher educational institution located in Ağrı , Eastern Anatolia in Turkey .
Berrueces de Campos is a municipality of 109 people of Valladolid province in the autonomous community of Castile - Leon , Spain .
The Cayuga Speedway , also known as the Cayuga 2000 Speedway , is a racing track located near Cayuga in Haldimand County , Ontario , Canada .
Kråkvåg is a populated group of islands in the municipality of Ørland in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Damdama ( Persian : دامداما‎ , also Romanized as Dāmdāmā ) is a village in Hajjilar - e Shomali Rural District , Hajjilar District , Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sea Hill Lighthouse , also known as Sea Hill Point Light Little Sea Hill Light , was a lighthouse on the northwest point of Curtis Island , Queensland , Australia .
Collège Laval is a private Roman Catholic French - language high school located in Saint - Vincent - de - Paul , Laval , Quebec , in Canada .
Wisma Atria ( Chinese : 威士马广场 ) is an established shopping mall on Orchard Road in Singapore with retail businesses on 5 levels .
The Route du Sud is a road bicycle race with 4 stages held annually in Southern France .
The House of Freedoms ( Italian : Casa delle Libertà , CdL ) , was a major centre - right political and electoral alliance in Italy , led by Silvio Berlusconi .
Koro Toro is an anthropological and an archaeological site located in southern Borkou - Ennedi - Tibesti Region in Chad .
The Pula Cathedral or fully the Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary ( Croatian : Katedrala uznesenja Blažene Djevice Marije ) is a co - cathedral in Pula , Croatia .
The Galerie Neue Meister ( German pronunciation : ( ɡaləˈʁiː ˈnɔʏə ˈmaɪstɐ ) , New Masters Gallery ) in Dresden , Germany , displays around 300 paintings from the 19th century until today , including works from Otto Dix , Edgar Degas , Vincent van Gogh and Claude Monet .
Ángel S. Adami Airport ( ICAO : SUAA ) is an airport serving Montevideo , Uruguay , located in the neighborhood of Lezica - Melilla .
Aruchavank or the Cathedral of Aruch ( Արուճավանք ; also Surb Grigor ) is situated on a rocky plateau at the western foot of Mount Aragats in the village of Aruch in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Urmia University of Medical Sciences , is a medical school in Urmia , West Azarbaijan province of Iran .
Załęże - Sędzięta ( zaˈwɛ̃ʐɛ sɛnˈd͡ʑɛnta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Różan , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lonato del Garda ( before 1 July 2007 Lonato ) is a town and comune in the province of Brescia , in Lombardy , Italy .
Shur - e Sofla ( Persian : شورسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Shūr - e Soflá ; also known as Shūr - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Milanlu Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Karłów ( ˈkarwuf ) ( German : Karlsberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Suchá Hora ( Polish : Sucha Góra ) is a village and municipality in Tvrdošín District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia .
The Zarafshan Range ( Russian : Зеравшанский хребет , Tajik : Зарафшон , Uzbek : Zarafshon ; also Zeravshan or Zarafshon ; from the Persian word Persian : زرافشان‎‎ zar - afshān , meaning `` the sprayer of gold '' ) is a mountain range in Tajikistan and Uzbekistan , part of the Pamir - Alay mountains .
Cañacao Bay is a small bay located within the larger Manila Bay in Luzon island in the Philippines .
Khosta railway station ( Russian : Станция Хоста ) is a railway station of the North Caucasus Railway , a subsidiary of Russian Railways , located in Khosta , Khostinsky City District of Sochi , Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Lupac ( Romanian : Lupac ; Croatian : Lupak ; Hungarian : Kiskrassó ) is a commune in Caraş - Severin County , Romania .
Hägersten - Liljeholmen is a borough ( stadsdelsområde ) in Stockholm , Sweden .
Sémien is a town in western Ivory Coast .
Večkoti ( pronounced ( ʋɛtʃˈkoːti ) ) is a small settlement to the southeast of the village of Štanjel in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Koreana Hotel is a skyscraper and hotel on Taepyeongno , in Jung - gu , Seoul , South Korea .
Jeziora - Nowina ( jɛˈʑɔra nɔˈvina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Minija is a river in western Lithuania and a tributary to Nemunas .
Zuidschalkwijk was a hamlet in the northwestern Netherlands .
Pedace is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in Calabria , a region of southern Italy .
Schwieberdingen is a town of about 10,700 inhabitants located in Southwest Germany .
According to the Office for National Statistics , at the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001 , Alpheton had a population of 242 with 96 households . , increasing to 256 at the 2011 Census .
The Hegau is an extinct volcanic landscape in southern Germany extending around the industrial city of Singen ( Hohentwiel ) , between Lake Constance in the east , the Rhine River in the south , the Danube River in the north and the Randen -- as the southwestern mountains of the Swabian Jura are called -- in the west .
Goromonzi is a rural community in East Mashonaland , Zimbabwe , 20 miles ( 32 km ) southeast of the country 's capital city of Harare .
Boulevard Royal is a street in Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Waiharara is a community at the base of the Aupouri Peninsula in Northland , New Zealand .
The Salt Cathedral of Zipaquirá ( Spanish : Catedral de Sal de Zipaquirá ) is an underground Roman Catholic church built within the tunnels of a salt mine 200 metres ( 220 yd ) underground in a Halite mountain near the town of Zipaquirá , in Cundinamarca , Colombia .
Säffle ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈsɛfˈlɛ ) ) is a locality and the seat of Säffle Municipality , Värmland County , Sweden with 8,991 inhabitants in 2010 .
Thinis or This ( Egyptian : Tjenu ) was the capital city of the first dynasties of ancient Egypt .
Jatun Wila Qullu ( Quechua jatun , hatun big , great , Aymara wila red or blood , qullu mountain , `` great red mountain '' , hispanicized spelling Jatun Wila Kkollu , Jatun Willa Kollu ) is a mountain in the Andes in Bolivia , about 5,214 m ( 17,106 ft ) high .
Bramberg am Wildkogel is a municipality in the district of Zell am See ( Pinzgau region ) , in the state of Salzburg , Austria .
Kalpathipuzha River is one of the main tributaries of the Bharathapuzha River , the second - longest river in Kerala , south India .
Alpha1Estates is a global Islamic real estate consultancy founded in 2004 with its headquarters based in Marble Arch in London , United Kingdom .
Rängs sand is a locality situated in Vellinge Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 808 inhabitants in 2010 .
Zawisty Podleśne ( zaˈvistɨ pɔdˈlɛɕnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Oakville Assembly Complex is a Ford Motor Company automobile factory in Oakville , Ontario , Canada spanning 5,464,000 square feet in area .
Džepi ( Cyrillic : Џепи ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Aegina Treasure or Aigina Treasure is an important Minoan gold hoard found on the island of Aegina , Greece .
The Southern Alberta Jubilee Auditorium is a 4-million - cubic - foot ( 110,000 m3 ) performing arts , culture and community facility located in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
The Catania Metro ( Italian : Metropolitana di Catania ) is a classical metro system serving the city of Catania , Sicily , in southern Italy .
Nanhu Mountain ( Chinese : 南湖大山 ) is a mountain in Taiwan with an elevation of 3,740 m ( 12,270 ft ) .
Vrbljani ( Cyrillic : Врбљани ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Balclutha Road Bridge , which spans the Clutha River in Balclutha , South Otago , New Zealand , is one of the best - known road bridges in New Zealand 's South Island .
The Canadian Bankers Association ( CBA ) is a financial lobbying group that works on behalf of 59 domestic banks , foreign bank subsidiaries and foreign bank branches operating in Canada and their 280,000 employees .
Ozrinići is a small town in central - western Montenegro .
Shuhadaa al - Salawi was a Basic People 's Congress administrative division of Benghazi , Libya .
Fahil ( Arabic : فاحل‎ ) is a town in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , northwest of Homs .
Choolai is a developed residential area in Central Chennai , a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu , India
Baggböle is a small village on the Ume River in northern Sweden , approximately 8 km ( 5 mi ) upstream of the city of Umeå .
Trädgårdstvärgränd ( Swedish : ( literally ) `` Garden 's Cross - Alley '' ) is a small alley in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Rathkarawwa ( රත්කරව්ව in Sinhala language)is a village in Welimada Divisional Secretariat in Badulla District , Sri Lanka with a population of about 1000 .
One Raffles Quay ( Chinese : 莱佛士码头一号 ) is an office building complex located at Raffles Place , the central business district of Singapore .
Flensburg - Schäferhaus Airport is a regional airport in Germany ( IATA : FLF , ICAO : EDXF ) .
Mylanthanai ( Tamil : மயிலந்தனை ) was a minority Sri Lankan Tamil populated village in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka in the Batticaloa district .
Nyurba Airport ( IATA : NYR , ICAO : UENN ) is an airport serving the urban locality of Nyurba , Nyurbinsky District , in the Sakha Republic of Russia .
Obor is the name of a square and the surrounding district of Bucharest , the capital of Romania .
Tiachiv ( Ukrainian : Тячів ) is a city located on the Tisza River in Zakarpattia Oblast ( region ) in western Ukraine .
Målselvdalen is the largest valley in Troms county , Norway .
The Avranchin is an area in Normandy , France corresponding to the territory of the Abrincatui , a tribe of Celts from whom the city of Avranches , the main town of the Avranchin , takes its name .
Relizane Airport ( ICAO : DAAZ ) is a civilian airport in Algeria , located 12.5 kilometres ( 7.8 mi ) west - northwest of Zemmora ( Relizane ) ; about 235 kilometres ( 146 mi ) west - southwest of Algiers .
Deir Hanna ( Arabic : دير حنا‎ , Hebrew : דֵיר חַנָּא ) is a local council in the North District of Israel , located on the hills of the Lower Galilee , 23 kilometres ( 14 mi ) southeast of Acre .
Kishū Tōshō - gū ( 紀州東照宮 ) is a Shinto shrine in Wakayama , Wakayama Prefecture , Japan .
Puig de la Mola is a mountain in the Garraf Massif , Catalonia , Spain .
The Zhangjiachuan Hui Autonomous County ( simplified Chinese : 张家川回族自治县 ; traditional Chinese : 張家川回族自治縣 ; pinyin : Zhāngjiāchuān Huízú Zìzhìxiàn ; Xiao'erjing : جْاکِاچُوًا خُوِذُو ذِجِشِیًا ) is an administrative district in Gansu , the People 's Republic of China .
Borki Małe ( ˈbɔrki ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kladje nad Blanco ( pronounced ( ˈklaːdjɛ nad ˈblaːntsɔ ) ) is a settlement east of Blanca on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Granvin Station ( Norwegian : Granvin stasjon ) is a former railway station on the Hardanger Line , located at Granvin , Norway .
The Bến Nghé River , also Ben Nghe Channel(Vietnamese : Sông Bến Nghé ) is a river of Vietnam .
Madau is an island in Papua New Guinea a few hundred metres off the northwestern tipp of Woodlark Island .
Air Force Base Swartkop ( ICAO : FASK ) is South Africa 's oldest air force base and houses the South African Air Force Museum .
Barajin ( Persian : باراجين‎ , also Romanized as Bārājīn , Bārāchīn , Barajān ; also known as Parāchān ) is a village in Eqbal - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Platong gas field ( Thai : ปลาทอง , lit . `` goldfish '' ) is an oil and gas geological structure and it is situated in the Gulf of Thailand .
Lepena ( pronounced ( lɛˈpeːna ) ; Italian : Lepegna ) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Bovec in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Guacamole Films is a film production company in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
The National Democratic Revival ( Albanian : Rilindja Demokratike Kombëtare , RDK , Macedonian : Национална Демократска Преродба , НДП , Nacionalna Demokratska Prerodba , NDP ) is a political party in the Republic of Macedonia that represents the Albanian population .
Méthamis ( Occitan : Metàmis ) is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Santa Lucía Cotzumalguapa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈsanta luˈsi.a kotsumalˈɣwapa ) ) is a municipality in the Escuintla department of Guatemala .
Hongxing District ( simplified Chinese : 红星区 ; traditional Chinese : 紅星區 ; pinyin : Hóngxīng Qū ; literally : `` red star '' ) is a district of the city of Yichun , Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Aboaso is a town in the Ashanti Region of Ghana , located about 12 miles ( 19 km ) northeast of Kumasi .
Balatonmáriafürdő is a village located on the southern shore of Lake Balaton in Somogy county , Hungary .
Deerpark Mines , located about 3 km north of Castlecomer , County Kilkenny , were the largest opencast coalmines in Ireland , giving great employment to the area .
Calton , Ontario is a hamlet within the township of Malahide in Elgin County , Ontario , Canada .
Kailu County ( Mongolian : ᠺᠠᠶᠢᠯᠦ ᠰᠢᠶᠠᠨ Ḵayilü siyan ; simplified Chinese : 开鲁县 ; traditional Chinese : 開魯縣 ; pinyin : Kāilǔ Xiàn ) is a county in the east of Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
Bortelsee is a reservoir in the municipality of Brig in the canton of Valais , Switzerland .
Pantao is a community in the western coastal area of Libon , Albay province in central Philippines .
Ragnarock is a record label run by Erik Blücher in Helsingborg , Sweden .
Burlington GO Station is a railway station and bus station in the GO Transit network , located at 2101 Fairview Street in Burlington , Ontario , Canada , just south of Queen Elizabeth Way between Guelph Line and Brant Street .
The Warsaw Metro ( Polish : Metro Warszawskie ) is a rapid transit system serving the city of Warsaw , the capital of Poland .
The Naples National Archaeological Museum ( Museo Archeologico Nazionale di Napoli , MANN ) is a museum in Naples , southern Italy , at the northwest corner of the original Greek wall of the city of Neapolis .
Baddo , also spelt Bado , is a village in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Towards the end of the Weimar Republic , as the political situation in Germany became more violent , the Romanisches Café gradually lost its role .
The Neckar Valley Railway , or Neckar Valley Main Line ( German : Neckartalbahn ) is a railway line from Heidelberg via Eberbach and Mosbach to Bad Friedrichshall - Jagstfeld in southwestern Germany .
Bolshoy Kekuknaysky ( Russian : Большой Кекукнайский ) is a volcano located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Kash Rud ( Persian : كشرود‎ , also Romanized as Kash Rūd ) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Nzamaligué is a village in Estuaire Province in northwestern Gabon .
Allineuc ( Breton : Alineg , Gallo : Aleinoec ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in north - western France .
Żulinki ( ʐuˈliŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarówka Podlaska , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Belushya Guba ( Russian : Белу́шья Губа́ , lit . beluga whale bay ) , also Belushye is a work settlement and the administrative center of Novaya Zemlya District of Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Gusinaya Zemlya peninsula of the Yuzhny Island of the Novaya Zemlya arctic archipelago .
Luonnonmaa is an island in the city of Naantali , in south - western Finland .
Tit Kan ( Persian : تيتكن‎ , also Romanized as Tīt Kan ; also known as Tītagīn , Tī Takīn , Tītgīn , and Tītkīn ) is a village in Gabrik Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Nootka Island is an island adjacent to Vancouver Island in British Columbia , Canada .
Galápagos National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Galápagos ) , established in 1959 and beginning operations in 1968 , is Ecuador 's first national park and a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Shahran Market also known as Shahran Bazaar is located in Hyderabad , India near to Charminar and Laad Bazaar .
Victoria Park High School is a co - ed higher education day school situated in Port Elizabeth , Eastern Cape , South Africa .
Pradejón is a village in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja , Spain .
Arpachin ( Russian : Арпачи́н ) , is a village ( Khutor ) in Bagayevsky District of Rostov Oblast , Russia .
Palmarolle is a municipality in northwestern Quebec , Canada , in the Abitibi - Ouest Regional County Municipality .
Mokau Falls is a cascade located at the head of Mokau Inlet in New Zealand 's Lake Waikaremoana .
Taman Cuepacs is a major township in Cheras , Selangor , Malaysia .
Kempas Highway or Jalan Kempas ( Johor state route ) is a major highway in Johor Bahru , Johor , Malaysia .
Raichur Airport ( ICAO : VORR ) is the small airport serving Raichur city in the Karnataka state of India .
The National Library José Martí ( Spanish : Biblioteca Nacional José Martí ) is the national library in Cuba .
Diesten is a village subordinated to the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in the northern part of Celle district on the Lüneburg Heath in northern Germany .
2001 S.League was the sixth season of Singapore 's professional football league .
The Kaijende Highlands are a nearly uninhabited expanse of mountains near Porgera in Enga Province , Papua New Guinea .
Akuliarusiarsuup Kuua ( Danish : Sandflugtdalen ) is a river and valley of the same name in the Qeqqata municipality in central - western Greenland .
Groß - Enzersdorf is a town and municipality in the district of Gänserndorf in the Austrian state of Lower Austria , directly to the east of Vienna and north of the river Danube .
Demilu ( Persian : دميلو‎ , also Romanized as Demīlū , Damiloo , and Domīlū ) is a village in Gachin Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Güel is an old hamlet in the Ribagorça county in Huesca , Spain .
Fredensborg Palace ( Danish : Fredensborg Slot ; pronounced ( ˈfʁæðˀn̩sbɒːˀ ) ) is a palace located on the eastern shore of Lake Esrum ( Danish , Esrum Sø ) in Fredensborg on the island of Zealand ( Sjælland ) in Denmark .
Mid Valley City is a large mixed development in the Seputeh ward in southwestern Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Snežatno ( pronounced ( snɛˈʒaːtnɔ ) ) is a settlement south of Kojsko in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia close to the border with Italy .
The Óbuda Synagogue is a synagogue built in Óbuda , Hungary in 1820 .
Stráňany ( previously until 1948 Folvark , Hungarian : Nagymajor , Polish : Folwark , Rusyn : Страняны ) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia .
Gahru ( Persian : گهرو‎ , also Romanized as Gahrū ; also known as Kahrū ) is a city in the Central District of Kiar County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Upper Grand District School Board ( known as English - language Public District School Board No . 18 prior to 1999 ) is a school board in Ontario , Canada .
Little Yenisei River ( Russian : Малый Енисей ) a river in northern Mongolia and in Tuva .
Gaśno ( ˈɡaɕnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Şambul ( also , Shambul , Shambulbina , and Shambuloba ) is a village and municipality in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Nikolayevsk - on - Amur Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Николаевск-на-Амуре ) ( IATA : NLI ) is an airport serving the locality of Nikolayevsk - on - Amur , in the Khabarovsk Krai of Russia .
Baonine ( Serbian Cyrillic : Баонине ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Malmir ( Persian : مالمير‎ , also Romanized as Mālmīr , Māl - e Mīr , and Māl Mīr ) is a village in Malmir Rural District , Sarband District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Casalinhos de Alfaiata is a hamlet in the parish of Silveira , in the municipality of Torres Vedras , Portugal .
Afus ( Persian : افوس‎ , also Romanized as Afūs ; also known as Afūz ) is a city in Central District , in Buin va Miandasht County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Kanli ( Greek : Κανλί ; Turkish : Kanlıköy ) is a village in Cyprus , 5 km west of Gönyeli .
I Hate Sally was a four - piece metal / post - hardcore band from Ontario , Canada .
Sadat Mahmudi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سادات محمودئ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
DSC Multi - Purpose Stadium is a multi - use stadium in Dubai , United Arab Emirates that is currently under construction .
Filtvet is a small village along the Oslofjord in Hurum , Buskerud County , Norway .
Saint - André - de - Boëge is a commune in the Haute - Savoie department in the Rhône - Alpes region in south - eastern France .
Deglos is a settlement on the island of Saint Lucia ; it is located at the northern end of the island towards its heart , between Trois Pitons and Barre Denis .
The Telemark Canal connects Skien to Dalen in southern Norway by linking several long lakes in the Skien watershed through a series of 18 locks .
St. Andrew 's Preparatory School is a private , co - educational boarding school in Grahamstown , Eastern Cape , South Africa .
Palana River is a west - flowing river on the west side of the upper Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Słupia ( German : Stolpe ) is a river in north - western Poland , a tributary of the Baltic Sea , with a length of 138 kilometres and the basin area of 1,623 km² .
Agencia Estatal de Meteorología , AEMET ( translated from Spanish as the State Meteorological Agency ) is Spain 's meteorological agency operating under the Ministry of Agriculture , Food and Environment .
Gostilj is an urban area in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Proniewicze ( prɔɲɛˈvit͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Ďurkovce ( Hungarian : Gyürki ) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Their single `` The Revolution '' was the 9th best - selling single of 2014 in Japan and their album Exile Tribe Revolution was the 8th best - selling album of 2014 in Japan .
Lycksele Airport ( IATA : LYC , ICAO : ESNL ) is a regional airport in Lycksele , northern Sweden .
Timai refugee camp ( Nepali : टिमाइ शरणार्थी शिविर ; Timāi śaraṇārthī śivira ) , located in Jhapa District , Nepal , is home to some 6,874 Bhutanese refugees .
Colachi is a stratovolcano in the Antofagasta Region of northern Chile .
The Piazza delle Gondole ( `` Square of Gondolas '' ) is a piazza in Pisa , Italy .
Golyam Rezen ( Bulgarian : Голям Резен / `` Big Slice '' ) is a peak on Vitosha Mountain in Bulgaria .
The Grenland Terminal ( Norwegian : Grenlandsterminalen ) , also known as the Brevik Terminal ( Norwegian : Brevikterminalen ) , is a combined rail freight terminal and port located at Heistad just north of Brevik in Porsgrunn , Norway .
Mahunak ( Persian : ماهونك‎ , also Romanized as Māhūnak ; also known as Māhūtak ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Woodstock Dam is located on the upper reaches of the Tugela , KwaZulu - Natal province of South Africa and is the main source of water for the Thukela - Vaal Transfer Scheme .
The Memorial to Zhou Enlai and Deng Yingchao ( Chinese : 周恩来邓颖超纪念馆 ) is a museum in Tianjin , the People 's Republic of China .
Marsabit is a town in the northern Marsabit County in Kenya .
The Clarion Hotel Post , opened on 26 January 2012 , is a hotel and conference facility at Drottningtorget in central Gothenburg , Sweden .
State Bank Of India , Kohora Branch SBI ATM , Near SBI , Kohora
Parambikulam Dam is an embankment dam on the Parambikulam River , Parambikulam located in the Palakkad district in the Western Ghats of Kerala , India , ranks number one in India as well as in the top ten embankment dams in the world in volume in the year 2000 .
Dashinchilen ( Mongolian : Дашинчилэн ) is a sum ( district ) of Bulgan Province in northern Mongolia .
Şelli ( also , Shelli and Shelly ) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Torit County is an administrative region in Eastern Equatoria State of South Sudan , with headquarters in the town of Torit , which is also the state capital .
Gersau is a municipality and district in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland , sitting on the shores of Lake Lucerne .
Upper Burma ( Burmese : အထက်မြန်မာပြည် , also called Real Myanmar ) refers to a geographic region of Burma ( Myanmar ) , traditionally encompassing Mandalay and its periphery ( modern Mandalay , Sagaing , Magway Regions ) , or more broadly speaking , Kachin and Shan States .
Balcatta FC is an Australian semi - professional soccer club based in Balcatta , Perth , Western Australia .
Connor 's Cottage is situated on Piesse Street in Toodyay , Western Australia .
Acheleia ( Greek : Αχέλεια ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located near to Paphos International Airport .
Sowch - e Pain ( Persian : سوچ پايين‎ , also Romanized as Sowch - e Pā’īn ; also known as Sowch - e Soflá ) is a village in Balvard Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Grębowo ( ɡrɛmˈbɔvɔ ) ( German : Grambow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Sannavur ( South ) is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Saintala , a taluk located at about 35 km south of Balangir - Titlagarh road in Titlagarh sub - division of Bolangir district , Odisha , India , has immense historical and archaeological importance .
Maijoma is a rural community located in Ojinaga Municipality , Chihuahua , Mexico .
Mastoorah is a village next to Rabigh in the area of Hijaz in the western part of Saudi Arabia .
Nuestra Señora Santa María de la Asunción ( Spanish pronunciation : ( asunˈsjon ) , Guarani : Paraguay ) is the capital and largest city of Paraguay .
Sangro River War Cemetery ( Italian : Cimitero britannico di Torino di Sangro ) is a British and Commonwealth war cemetery sited by a hillside near Torino di Sangro in the Province of Chieti , Italy .
The district of Santa Bárbara de Heredia is one of the six districts that make up the canton of Santa Bárbara , Costa Rica .
Diphu Government College was established in the year 1964 in Diphu with the main aim of providing higher education in the backward Karbi Anglong District of Assam , India .
Sar Durab ( Persian : سردوراب‎ , also Romanized as Sar Dūrāb ) is a village in Seydun - e Jonubi Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sławice ( swaˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German Slawitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Lapathos ( Greek : ( το ) Λάπαθος ; Turkish : Boğaziçi `` Bosphorus '' or Lapatos ) is a small village in Cyprus , between Lefkoniko and Trikomo .
Ab Alvan ( Persian : اب الوان‎ , also Romanized as Āb Alvān ) is a village in Sar Asiab - e Yusefi Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Carlos Reyles is a village in the Durazno Department of central Uruguay .
Fréville - du - Gâtinais is a commune in the Loiret department in north - central France .
Mostépha Ben Boulaid Airport ( IATA : BLJ , ICAO : DABT ) , also known as Batna International Airport or Batna Airport , is an airport serving Batna , Algeria .
Gudja is a village in the Southern Region of Malta with a population of 2,997 ( estimation between 20 newborn babies per year ) as of March 2013 .
Nivå Station is a railway station serving the suburb of Nivå on the coast of North Zealand north of central Copenhagen , Denmark , as well as the nearby Nivaagaard Art Gallery .
Əliyanlı ( also , Aliyanly ) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Spjelkavik is a borough in the town of Ålesund in Ålesund Municipality , Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Zvolen ( pronunciation ; Hungarian : Zólyom , German : Altsohl ) is a town in central Slovakia , situated on the confluence of Hron and Slatina rivers , close to Banská Bystrica .
Thonnakkal is a village located on the southern side of Kerala in peninsular India .
Thrissur Zoological Park Wildlife Conversation & Research Centre , Puthur is an upcoming zoological park situated in Puthur in Thrissur City of Kerala State in India .
The United Kingdom 's Institute of Heraldic and Genealogical Studies ( IHGS ) was founded in 1961 by Cecil Humphery - Smith .
Las - Jawor ( ˈlas ˈjavɔr ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyrzyn , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Kipengere Range , also known as the Livingstone Mountains , lies in southwest Tanzania at the northern end of Lake Malawi .
Mount Tavkvetili ( Georgian : თავკვეთილი ) is a volcanic mountain in the northern part of the Abul - Samsari Range in the Samtskhe - Javakheti region of Southern Georgia .
Kamostek ( kaˈmɔstɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Wigan Metropolitan Borough Council is the unicameral legislature of the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan in the United Kingdom .
The RapidEye business concept was designed by Kayser - Threde GmbH , based on a call for ideas from the DLR ( German Aerospace Agency ) , on how to commercialize remote sensing in Germany .
The 1976 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XII Olympic Winter Games ( French : Les XIIes Jeux olympiques d'hiver ) ( German : Olympische Winterspiele 1976 ) , were a winter multi - sport event which was celebrated February 4 - -15 , 1976 in Innsbruck , Austria .
Kjeller is a village located near Lillestrøm in the municipality of Skedsmo , Norway .
The Universidade Colinas de Boé ( UCB ) is a private institution of higher education in Guinea - Bissau .
Hohenschwangau Castle or Schloss Hohenschwangau ( lit : High Swan County Palace ) is a 19th century palace in southern Germany .
The Cathedral of the Good Shepherd ( Basque : Artzain Onaren katedrala , Spanish : Catedral del Buen Pastor de San Sebastián ) located in the city of San Sebastián , Gipuzkoa , Basque Country , Spain .
New Buswang is a barangay of Kalibo , Aklan , Philippines where majority of residential subdivisions in Kalibo are located .
Stjernøya ( Northern Sami : Stierdná ) is an island in western Finnmark county , Norway , sitting at the mouth of the Altafjorden on the south side of the Sørøysundet strait .
Czorsztyn ( ˈt͡ʂɔrʂtɨn ) ( German : Schorstin ) is a village in Poland , in Lesser Poland Voivodeship , Nowy Targ County .
Wannukandi Airport ( IATA : NBL , ICAO : MPWN ) is an airport serving Wannukandi , in Panama .
Auschwitz concentration camp ( German : Konzentrationslager Auschwitz , also KZ Auschwitz ( kɔntsɛntʁaˈtsi̯oːnsˌlaːɡɐ ˈʔaʊʃvɪts ) ) was a network of German Nazi concentration camps and extermination camps built and operated by the Third Reich in Polish areas annexed by Nazi Germany during World War II . It consisted of Auschwitz I ( the original camp ) , Auschwitz II--
Kongsvinger Ishall is an indoor ice hockey arena located in Kongsvinger , Hedmark , Norway .
Monthon ( Thai : มณฑล ) were administrative subdivisions of Thailand at the beginning of the 20th century .
Kamøyfjorden ( Northern Sami : Gáhpevuotna ) is a fjord on the northeastern side of the large island of Magerøya in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Kerry Airport ( Irish : Aerfort Chiarraí ) , often called Farranfore Airport , is a regional airport in Farranfore , Killarney , County Kerry , Ireland .
Røst Airport ( Norwegian : Røst lufthavn ; IATA : RET , ICAO : ENRS ) is a regional airport serving the Røst , Norway .
Canada eSchool and Ottawa Carleton E - School are private high schools accredited by the Ministry of Education in Ontario , Canada .
Alajuela Lake ( Spanish : Lago Alajuela ) is an artificial lake on the Chagres River created by the Madden Dam and linked to the Panama Canal .
Filovci ( Hungarian : Filóc , ) is a village southeast of Bogojina in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Chimichagua ( Spanish pronunciation : ( tʃimiˈtʃaɣwa ) ) is a city and municipality in the central region of the Department of Cesar , Colombia .
The Devonian Botanic Garden is Canada 's most northerly botanical garden .
Matkovac ( Cyrillic : Матковац ) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Stadsholmen is the historical name of an island in the centre of Stockholm , Sweden .
Portopetro is a district of Santanyí on the island of Majorca , in the Balearic Islands of Spain , around 62 km from Palma .
Parwan University ( Persian : دانشگاه پروان‎‎ ) is located in Charikar , capital of Parwan province , northern Afghanistan .
The Mangla Dam ( Urdu : منگلا بند‎ ) is a multipurpose dam located on the Jhelum River in the Mirpur District of Azad Kashmir , Pakistan .
The River Liffey ( Irish : An Life ) is a river in Ireland , which flows through the centre of Dublin .
Mjanyana Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Ngcobo in the Chris Hani District Municipality of the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa .
Kyneton Secondary College is a secondary school in Kyneton , Victoria , Australia , approximately 90 km north of Melbourne .
Widoradz Dolny ( viˈdɔrat͡s ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń , within Wieluń County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lake Afrera ( also transliterated as Lake Afdera ) is a hypersaline lake in northern Ethiopia .
Sandgerðisbær is an Icelandic municipality located in southwestern Iceland on the Southern Peninsula .
Alfoz de Lloredo ( Aljoz de Lloréu in cantabrian ) is a municipality located in the autonomous community of Cantabria , Spain .
The fifth SS Rotterdam , also known as `` The Grande Dame '' , is a former ocean liner and cruise ship , and has been a hotel ship in Rotterdam , the Netherlands , since 2010 .
Feni River ( Bengali : ফেনী নদী Feni Nodi ) is a river in the Indian state of Tripura and southeastern Bangladesh .
The Teleki Blanka Gymnasium is a gymnasium located on 37 Ajtósi Dürer sor in the neighbourhood of Városliget in the XIVth district of Budapest , Hungary .
Gurak - e Khvorshidi ( Persian : گورك خورشيدي‎ , also Romanized as Gūrak - e Khvorshīdī ; also known as Khorshīdī , Khowrshīdī , and Khvorshīdī ) is a village in Delvar Rural District , Delvar District , Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Kleczew ( ˈklɛt͡ʂɛf ) is a town in Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , western - central Poland .
The Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park ( Galician : Parque Nacional das Illas Atlánticas de Galicia , Spanish : Parque Nacional de las Islas Atlánticas de Galicia ) is the only national park located in the autonomous community of Galicia , Spain .
Višnjan Observatory ( Croatian : Zvjezdarnica Višnjan ) is an astronomical observatory located near the village of Višnjan in Croatia .
Haylan , ( Somali : Heylaan ) , is an ancient town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia .
Asvestopetra ( Greek : Ασβεστόπετρα , Bulgarian : Липинци ) is a small town in the Ptolemaida municipal unit , northern Kozani regional unit , Greece .
Lille Vildmose ( meaning : `` little wild bog '' ) is a raised bog also known as the East Himmerland Moor in the hinterland in the municipalities of Aalborg and Mariagerfjord , Denmark .
The Southern Limestone Alps ( Italian : Alpi Sud - orientali ) are the ranges of the Eastern Alps south of the Central Eastern Alps mainly located in northern Italy and the adjacent lands of Austria and Slovenia .
Todos Santos Lake is a lake in the Beni Department / Santa Cruz Department , Bolivia .
Kućan Marof is a village in northern Croatia , located southeast of Varaždin .
Galamtin ( Persian : گلمتين‎ , also Romanized as Galamtīn ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Tapawera is a small town in New Zealand 's South Island .
Lake Aschersleben is a former lake in Germany , northeast of the Harz Mountains , south of the town of Aschersleben .
SM Center Angono is a shopping mall owned by SM Prime Holdings , the largest mall developer in the Philippines .
The Moawhango River is a major river of the centre of New Zealand 's North Island .
Territory of Traditional Natural Resource Use , TTNRU ( Russian : территория традиционного природопользования , ТТП ) is a type of land use and protected areas in Russia , established for protection of the tradition way of life of small - numbered indigenous peoples of Russia that live in Siberia and Russian Far East .
Góry Małe ( ˈɡurɨ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jaisinghpur is a small town and Sub - Division in Kangra district of Himachal Pradesh , India .
Longaulnay ( Breton : Hirwerneg ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Chos Malal is the capital city of the Chos Malal Department in Neuquén Province , Argentina .
Tral ( Kashmiri : ترال ) is a town and a notified area committee in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir , India , situated 10 km away from National Highway 1A.
Şəhadət ( also , Shadet and Shakhadat ) is a village and municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Drelów ( ˈdrɛluf ) is a village in Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Yeomni - dong is a dong , neighbourhood of the Mapo - gu district in Seoul , South Korea .
Carregado ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( kɐʁɨˈɡadu ) ) is a former civil parish , located in the municipality of Alenquer , in western Portugal .
Buger ( Persian : بوگر‎ , also Romanized as Būger ) is a village in Armand Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Saidlu ( Persian : سعيدلو‎ , also Romanized as Sa``īdlū ) is a village in Nazluy - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 245 , in 72 families .
Skrea strand is an about two kilometre long beach in Falkenberg , Sweden .
Jebel Umm Arafieb is a volcanic field in Sudan , also known as Jebel Umm Marafieb .
Karuch ( Persian : كروچ‎ , also Romanized as Karūch ; also known as Karūj ) is a village in Gabrik Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Khorramdarreh ( Persian : خرمدره‎ ; Azerbaijani : ﺧﻮﺭّﻡ ﺩﺭﻩ , Xurrәmdәrrә ) , also Romanized as Khorram Darreh , Khorramdareh , and Khurramdarreh ; also known as Khurramdarrekh ) is a city in and capital of Khorramdarreh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Northern Review was a Montreal - based literary magazine published in Canada between 1945 and 1956 .
The Dunes of Corrubedo Natural Park ( Galician : Dunas de Corrubedo e Lagoas de Carregal e Vixán ) is a 4 square miles ( 10 km2 ) natural park on the Atlantic coast of Spain .
Mykhailo - Laryne ( Ukrainian : Михайло-Ларине ; also known as Mikhailo - Larino ) is a village in Zhovtneviy Raion , Mykolaiv Oblast , Ukraine .
Vihanti railway station is located in the town of Vihanti , Northern Ostrobothnia , Finland .
The Venetian Plain , or Venetian - Friulan Plain ( Italian : Pianura Veneta or Pianura Veneto - friulana ) is a major geographical feature of Italy .
For many years , Estación Mapocho was Santiago 's main rail hub serving Valparaíso , Argentina and northern Chile , which at the time was the centre of Chile 's niter or saltpeter boom .
Ernestynowo ( ɛrnɛstɨˈnɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Choceń ( ˈxɔt͡sɛɲ ) ( German : Ehrstätten ) is a village in Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Grenville Channel is a strait on the North Coast of British Columbia , Canada , located between Pitt Island and the mainland to the south of Prince Rupert .
Nakuru Airport ( IATA : NUU , ICAO : HKNK ) is an airport serving the border town of Nakuru and surrounding communities , in Nakuru County , Kenya .
Hi - Lite Park was an amusement park in Geelong , Australia , located near Eastern Beach , on the corner of Bellarine Street and Ritchie Boulevard , where the Eastern Beach tram terminus was once situated .
Inder District ( Kazakh : Индер ауданы ) is a district of Atyrau Region in Kazakhstan .
Lubiąż Abbey ( German : Kloster Leubus ; Polish : Opactwo cystersów w Lubiążu ) , also commonly known in English as Leubus Abbey , is a former Cistercian monastery in Lubiąż , in the Lower Silesian Voivodeship of southwestern Poland , located about 54 km ( 34 mi ) northwest of Wrocław .
Gandalzar ( Persian : گندل زار‎ , also Romanized as Gandālzār ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Haftgel County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Paro Province ( Dzongkha : སྤ་རོ་ ; Wylie : spa - ro ) was one of the nine historical Provinces of Bhutan .
The Republic of New Granada was a centralist republic consisting primarily of present - day Colombia and Panama with smaller portions of today 's Ecuador , and Venezuela .
Pir Mahal ( Punjabi and Urdu : پیر محل ) is a capital city of Pir Mahal Tehsil in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Nowy Lubiel ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈlubjɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
La Línea de la Concepción ( Spanish pronunciation : ( la ˈlinea ðe la konθepˈθjon ) , more often referred to as La Línea ) is a town in Spain , in the province of Cádiz in Andalucia .
Gangaram is a remote village in Bijinapalle Mandal of Mahbubnagar district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Lubero is a town in the North Kivu Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
Lycée International Georges Duby is a non fee - paying state high school in southern France , which prepares students for the French Baccalauréat .
Bildmuseet ( English : The Picture Museum ) is a contemporary art museum in Umeå , northern Sweden .
The Ngang Pass ( Vietnamese : Đèo Ngang ) is a mountain pass on the border of the two provinces of Quảng Bình and Hà Tĩnh , on the North Central Coast of Vietnam .
The 1988 Saguenay earthquake struck Quebec , Canada with a moment magnitude of 5.9 on November 25 .
Parkhotel Valkenburg Continental Team ( UCI team code : PHV ) is a professional UCI Women 's Cycling Team based in the Netherlands , which competes in elite women 's road bicycle races such as the UCI Women 's Road World Cup .
Nanur Airport is an airport in the Wadi Maymun Darraj region of Libya , located approximately 200 km south - southeast of Tripoli in the Libyan desert .
Jedars ( French spelling : Djedars ) is the modern archaeological name given to thirteen monumental Berber mausoleums south of Tiaret city in Algeria .
Puerto de la Cruz is a city and municipality in the northern part of the island of Tenerife , Canary Islands , Spain .
Lingga Island is the largest and most populated of the Lingga Islands , Indonesia .
Funaitees is an area in the governorate of Mubarak Al - Kabeer in Kuwait .
Komi Kebir ( Greek : Κώμη Κεπήρ ( locally ( ˈkomi cʰeˈpir ) ) ; Turkish : Büyükkonuk or Komikebir ) is a village in Cyprus .
Banaki Sadr ol Din ( Persian : بنكي صدرالدين‎ , also Romanized as Banakī Ṣadr ol Dīn ; also known as Emāmzādeh Ṣadr od Dīn ) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District , in the Central District of Ganaveh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Sal Rei is a town on the northwestern coast of the island of Boa Vista in eastern Cape Verde .
The Third Zone District of Moanda lies south of the city of Moanda , Gabon .
Woryty ( vɔˈrɨtɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Khana Chah ( Persian : خناچاه‎ , also Romanized as Khanā Chāh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Wetterspitzen are three of the rocky peaks on a mountain ridge in the Wetterstein mountains in the central part of the Eastern Alps in Germany .
Fonal Records is an independent record label from Finland .
Sydney Parade Avenue ( Irish : Ascaill Pharáid Sydney ) Sandymount , Dublin 4 , Ireland runs from the land formerly known as Ailesbury Park opposite the Merrion Centre at the Merrion Road end , to the sea of Dublin Bay at the Strand Road .
Trango Glacier is a glacier in the Baltoro Muztagh range of the Karakoram in Baltistan , Gilgit - Baltistan , Pakistan .
The Fortuna Dam , officially known as Edwin Fabrega Dam , is an embankment dam in western Panama .
Sirizjan ( Persian : سيريزجان‎ , also Romanized as Sīrīzjān ; also known as Sarīzjān , Serīzjān , Sirasjūn , and Sīrīzḩān ) is a village in Jereh Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kapp Muyen ( English : Cape Muyden ) is a cape just 107 m ( 350 ft ) west of Beerenberg , Norway .
The Dürrensee ( Italian : Lago di Landro ; German : Dürrensee ) is a lake in the Dolomites in South Tyrol , Italy .
Bazum ( Armenian : Բազում ; formerly , Bzovdal ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Mont - Joli Airport ( IATA : YYY , ICAO : CYYY ) is located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) north northwest of Mont - Joli , Quebec , Canada .
Cameron Corner is the point in the outback of eastern Australia where the boundary lines of the states of Queensland , South Australia , and New South Wales meet .
The Mitti Dam is a concrete and earthen dam built on the Mitti River in Abdasa Taluka , Kutch District , Gujarat , India .
The Kolyma River ( Russian : Колыма́ ; IPA : ( kəlɨˈma ) ) is a river in northeastern Siberia , whose basin covers parts of the Sakha Republic , Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , and Magadan Oblast of Russia .
Bangalore Aquarium , also known as Government Aquarium , is the second largest aquarium in India .
Kårböle stave church ( St Olav 's sacrifice church ) is a reconstructed stave church in Kårböle , Ljusdal municipality , Gävleborg County county , Sweden .
TOBB University of Economics and Technology is a private non - profit foundation university in Ankara , Turkey .
Kundarki is a nagar panchayat ( town ) in the Moradabad district of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Medbury is a rural locality in the Canterbury region of New Zealand 's South Island .
The Odette School of Business MBA is an attractive option for prospective Canadian students due to its entry requirements , being one of the few business schools in Canada which require no professional experience , and a Graduate Management Admission Test ( GMAT ) score of 550 .
Dadiani Palaces History and Architectural Museum ( Georgian : დადიანების სასახლეთა ისტორიულ-არქიტექტურული მუზეუმი ) is a Georgian national museum located in Zugdidi , Samegrelo - Zemo Svaneti region , Georgia .
Pagoeta Nature Reserve is located near the town of Aia in the Basque Province of Gipuzkoa , Spain .
The Xalbal River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ʃalˈβal ) ) is a river of Guatemala .
The Norwegian Railway Museum ( Norwegian : Norsk Jernbanemuseum ) is Norway 's national railway museum .
Kiersnówka ( kʲɛrsˈnufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Somesar is a village in Desuri tehsil of Pali district in Rajasthan state of India .
Straumsund Bridge ( Straumsundbrua ) is a bridge that crosses Straumsundet between the mainland and Aspøya in Møre og Romsdal county in Norway .
Thierhaupten Abbey ( German : Kloster Thierhaupten ) was a Benedictine monastery in Thierhaupten on the Lech River near Augsburg in Bavaria , Germany .
Arjut kayaranin kits ( Armenian : Արջուտ կայարանին կից ) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia .
The Gold Coast Seaway or Southport Seaway is the main navigation entrance from the Pacific Ocean into the Gold Coast Broadwater and southern Moreton Bay and is one of Australia 's most significant coastal engineering projects .
The Paracatu River ( Portuguese : Rio Paracatu ) is located mainly in the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil .
The Kallang River ( Chinese : 加冷河 , Pinyin : Jiālěng Hé ) flows for 10 kilometres from the Lower Peirce Reservoir to the coast at Nicoll Highway , making it the longest river in Singapore .
Kymi - Aliveri ( Greek : Κύμη-Αλιβέρι ) is a municipality in the Euboea regional unit , Central Greece , Greece .
The Böser Kleef is a rock formation , 440 metres above sea level , near the village of Altenbrak in the district of Harz in central Germany .
Les Charreaux is a small provincial village in the Dordogne region in France , administratively depending of the commune of Hautefort .
Bendik ( Armenian : Բենդիկ ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
The Address Dubai Mall ( Arabic : العنوان دبي مول‎ ) is a 37-floor hotel in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
St. Raphael 's Hospital , is the largest general and maternity hospital in Faisalabad , Pakistan owned by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Faisalabad .
Nilan Bhotu Valley is about 40 minutes drive from Pir Sohawa on the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ( KPK ) side of Margalla Hills , roughly 27 kilometres ( 17 mi ) North - East of Islamabad , the capital city of Pakistan .
Tuzly Lagoons ( Ukrainian : Тузловські лимани , Romanian : Limanele Tuzlei ) are a group of marine lagoons ( limans ) in southern Bessarabia ( Budjak ) , Ukraine .
In January 1965 Redline Coaches began operating ten day tours of Tasmania connecting with the Empress of Australia at Bell Bay under contract to the Tasmanian Government Travel Bureau .
Amager Øst ( English : Amager East ) is one of the 10 official districts of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Mala Mislinja ( pronounced ( ˈmaːla miˈsliːnja ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Mislinja in northern Slovenia .
Waikanae River is located on the Kapiti Coast in the North Island of New Zealand .
Yana Unu ( Quechua yana black , unu water , `` black water '' ) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia which reaches a height of approximately 4,040 m ( 13,250 ft ) .
Théniet El Had is a Town , District and Commune in Algeria .
Lešnjake ( pronounced ( lɛˈʃnjaːkɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
West Achaea ( Greek : Δυτική Αχαΐα - Dytiki Achaia ) is a municipality in the Achaea regional unit , West Greece region , Greece .
The Jalan Ampang Muslim Cemetery is a cemetery at the Kuala Lumpur city centre , Malaysia .
Beyarjomand Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بيارجمند‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Beyarjomand District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
De Echoput is a restaurant and part of Hotel Gastronomique De Echoput in Hoog Soeren , Apeldoorn in the Netherlands .
Modriča ( Cyrillic : Модрича ) is a city and municipality in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Tytheus or Tythefs ( Greek : Τυθεύς ) is a river in the western part of Achaea , Greece .
Sour El Aaz is a small town and rural commune in El Kelâat Es - Sraghna Province of the Marrakesh - Tensift - El Haouz region of Morocco .
La Antilla is a beach resort within the municipality of Lepe , in the province of Huelva , a part of the autonomous region of Andalusia , Spain .
Neverlia is a settlement located in the municipality of Elverum in Norway .
Belene Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Белене ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Pleven Province , northern Bulgaria .
Dodji is a town in north central Senegal , with a 2007 estimated population of 8281 .
Gaddafi Stadium ( Urdu : قذافی اسٹیڈیم‎ / ALA - LC : Qaẕẕāfī Isṭeḍiyam ) is a cricket ground in Lahore , Pakistan .
Broc ( ( bʀɔ : ) , Arpitan : Bro ) is a municipality in the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Ziyadlı ( also , Ziyadly and Ziyatly ) is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Nairobi Arboretum is located along state house road in the area of Kilimani , Nairobi Kenya .
Castelo de Paiva ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( kɐʃˈtɛlu ðɨ ˈpajvɐ ) ) is a town and a municipality of the Aveiro District in Portugal .
The Hyatt Regency Delhi is a luxury hotel in New Delhi , India , built in 1983 .
The Kielce Synagogue was a synagogue in Kielce , Poland .
Bin Ashur is a neighbourhood of Tripoli , Libya .
Mowtowr - e Mohammad Dapakury ( Persian : موتورمحمددپكورئ‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Moḩammad Dapakūry ) is a village in Bampur - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Bampur County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Metropolitan United Church is a large neo - Gothic church in downtown Toronto , Canada .
Cardonville Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield located near the commune of Cardonville in the Basse - Normandie region of northern France .
Far East Plaza ( Chinese : 远东商业中心 ) is a shopping centre in Singapore , located in the heart of the Orchard Road shopping belt .
Jurisdicción de San Zadornil ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xuɾizðikˈθjon de san θaðoɾˈnil ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Burgos , Castile and León , Spain .
The Canton of Saint - Savinien is a canton of the Charente - Maritime département , in France .
The 1966 Asian Games , also known as the V Asiad , was a multi - sport event which was held from December 9 , 1966 to December 20 , 1966 in Bangkok , Thailand .
The Bazaruto Archipelago is a group of six islands in Mozambique , near the mainland city of Vilankulo .
Jadaminy ( jadaˈminɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Coronel FAP Alfredo Mendívil Duarte Airport ( IATA : AYP , ICAO : SPHO ) is an airport serving Ayacucho , Peru .
The Bahía Mansa Metamorphic Complex or BMMC is a group of metamorphic geologic formations of the Chilean Coast Range in southern Chile .
Haydarpaşa is a neighborhood within the Kadıköy district on the Asian part of Istanbul , Turkey .
Zamazingka is an eastern district of Thimphu , Bhutan .
Kualanamu International Airport ( Indonesian : Bandar Udara Internasional Kualanamu ) ( IATA : KNO , ICAO : WIMM ) is a newly constructed international airport , named after its location at Kuala Namu , Deli Serdang , North Sumatra , Indonesia , 39 kilometers from Medan , replacing Polonia International Airport .
Doganovci ( Cyrillic : Догановци ) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Expedition Cross ( Dutch : Expeditiekruis ) officially known as the Cross for Important Military Operations ( Dutch : Ereteken voor Belangrijke Krijgsbedrijven ) was a military decoration of Kingdom of the Netherlands .
The Three Days of De Panne ( Dutch : KBC Driedaagse van De Panne - Koksijde ) is a mid - week , three - day stage race before the Tour of Flanders in De Panne in West Flanders , Belgium .
Árneshreppur is an Icelandic municipality , located in the Westfjords peninsula of northwestern Iceland .
Seh Chekeh ( Persian : سه چكه‎ ; also known as Suchkeh ) is a village in Tutaki Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Aliveroviće , in Serb Cyrillic Аливеровиће , is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Sjenica , district of Zlatibor .
Vitez is a town and municipality in central Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Lake Olomega is a large lake in the southeastern part of El Salvador .
Kellog ( Russian : Келлог ) is a rural locality ( a settlement ) in Turukhansky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia .
Woodcourt College was an independent , Anglican , day and boarding school for girls , located in Wardell Road on the border of Marrickville and Dulwich , inner western suburbs of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Bir - e Sofla ( Persian : بير سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bīr - e Soflá ; also known as Karag ) is a village in Kahir Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Reingers is a town in the district of Gmünd in Lower Austria , Austria .
The Owen G. Glenn Building is the home of the Business School of the University of Auckland , Auckland , New Zealand , completed in late 2007 .
Tekeriš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Текериш ) is a village in Serbia .
Oued Heimer is a mining town in Jerada Province , Oriental , Morocco .
Zandoerle , in local tongue known as Zandoers , is a hamlet in the municipality of Veldhoven in the province of North Brabant , the Netherlands .
Erkilet International Airport or Kayseri Erkilet Airport ( Turkish : Kayseri Erkilet Havalimanı , IATA : ASR , ICAO : LTAU ) is a military airbase and public airport located 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) north of Kayseri in the Kayseri Province of Turkey .
Clack Island is part of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park at the tip of Cape Melville , Queensland in Bathurst Bay , Australia .
The Verman River ( Russian : Верман Река , Finnish : Vermanjoki ) is a river in Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Chah Benard ( Persian : چاه بنارد‎‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Benārd , Chāh Bonārd , and Chāh - e Bonārd ; also known as Chāh Nebārd ) is a village in Godeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Chanjody is a small village in the Changanassery municipality in the Kottayam district , Kerala , India .
Yasawa , also called Assawa and Ysava , is the main island of the Yasawa Group , an archipelago in Fiji 's Western Division .
Šávoľ ( Hungarian : Füleksávoly ) is a village and municipality in the Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Grużajny ( ɡruˈʐai̯nɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Stor Island is one of the uninhabited islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Sianożęty ( ɕanɔˈʐɛntɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustronie Morskie , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Iwanowice Duże ( ivanɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów , within Kłobuck County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Kalus ( Persian : كلوس‎ , also Romanized as Kalūs ; also known as Kūlūs ) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Täschhorn ( 4,491 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland , lying south of the Dom within the Mischabel range .
Darmareh ( Persian : درمره‎ ) is a village in Kashkan Rural District , Shahivand District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pa Khai ( Thai : ป่าคาย ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Thong Saen Khan District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
Südwestrundfunk ( SWR , `` Southwest Broadcasting '' ) is a regional public broadcasting corporation serving the southwest of Germany , specifically the federal states of Baden - Württemberg and Rhineland - Palatinate .
Vilpulka parish ( Latvian : Vilpulkas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Rūjiena Municipality , in the former Valmiera District , Latvia .
Perespa - Kolonia ( pɛˈrɛspa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyszowce , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Roccaraso is a town and comune of the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of central Italy .
Qubaxəlilli ( also Khalilli and Kuba - Khalilli ) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Klasztorek ( klaʂˈtɔrɛk ) ( German : Klösterchen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Île Madame is an island in the River Charente estuary on the Atlantic coast of France joined to the mainland by a causeway .
Orehovci ( pronounced ( ɔˈɾeːxɔu̯tsi ) ) is a settlement in the hills west of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia .
The Grigna is a mountain massif in the province of Lecco , Lombardy , northern Italy , with an elevation of 2,410 metres ( 7,907 ft ) .
Karelibaug is an area towards the north of the city of Vadodara in the state of Gujarat in India .
Lemmenjoki National Park ( Finnish : Lemmenjoen kansallispuisto , Northern Sami : Leammi álbmotmeahcci ) is situated in area of municipalities of Inari and Kittilä , Lapland , in Northern Finland .
The Casentino is the valley in which the first tract of the river Arno flows to Subbiano , Italy .
Yanchukan ( Russian : Янчукан ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Severo - Baykalsky District of the Republic of Buryatia , Russia .
Okaukuejo is the administrative center for the Etosha National Park in Namibia .
The Paru de Oeste River ( Erepecuru River ) is a tributary of the Trombetas River in Pará in north - central Brazil .
The Montes de María is an isolated group of small mountains near the northern coast of Colombia in the Caribbean Region ) .
Thujsaquta ( Aymara thujsaña to smell , quta lake `` smelling lake '' , hispanicized spelling Tocsajota ) is a lake in the Andes of Peru at a mountain of the same name .
Vetle Skagastølstinden ( or Vesle Skagastølstind ) is one of the peaks constituting Skagastølstindane ( `` Skagastøl peaks '' ) in the Hurrungane mountain range , and is among Norway 's highest .
The Arboretum Habichtsborn , also known as the Arboretum Staufenberg , is an arboretum located at Forstamtsstraße 6 , Escherode , several kilometers southeast of Staufenberg , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Khmilnyk ( Ukrainian : Хмільник , Russian : Хмельник , Polish : Chmielnik ) is a resort town in Vinnytsia Oblast , Ukraine .
This station is run in English and broadcasts concerts and interviews with international artists from NRJ France .
Selbusjø or Selbusjøen is the 17th largest lake in Norway .
British industrial narrow gauge railways are narrow gauge railways in the United Kingdom and the Isle of Man that were primarily built to serve one or more industries .
North Eastern College is a government - run secondary school in Sangre Grande , northeastern Trinidad , Trinidad and Tobago .
Naseem International School is a bilingual co - ed K-12 international school situated in Isa Town in the Kingdom of Bahrain .
The Institute of Higher International Studies ( French : Institut des Hautes Études Internationales , commonly referred to as `` IHEI '' ) is a public institution of research and higher education in Paris , France .
Sangavadi River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Gir forest .
Arsanjan ( Persian : ارسنجان‎‎ , also Romanized as Arsanjān and Arsenjān ; also known as Arsinjān ) is a city in and the capital of Arsanjan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Arariki is a former settlement on the western side of Orona , a remote atoll in the Phoenix Islands group and part of the Republic of Kiribati .
Schio is a town and comune in the province of Vicenza ( region of Veneto , northern Italy ) situated North of Vicenza and East of the Lake of Garda .
Spycimierz ( spɨˈt͡ɕimjɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Maros is a town in the South Sulawesi province of Indonesia close to the provincial capital of Makassar .
Riesa - Großenhain was a district in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Varniab ( Persian : ورنياب‎ , also Romanized as Varnīāb and Varnīyāb ; also known as Vīāt ) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Thar Desert , also known as the Great Indian Desert , is a large , arid region in the northwestern part of the Indian subcontinent that forms a natural boundary between India and Pakistan .
Lake Bugeac , also known as Lake Gârlița , is a lake in Northern Dobruja , Romania .
Seclì ( Greek : Sikleion ) is a town and comune in the Italian province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south - east Italy .
The Røst Reef ( Norwegian : Røstrevet ) is a deep - water coral reef off the coast of Lofoten , Norway .
Together with France Télévisions , TF1 co - managed the international French news channel France 24 but has since sold its share .
Yio Chu Kang Single Member Constituency ( Traditional Chinese : 楊厝港單選區 ; Simplified Chinese : 杨厝港单选区 ) was a single member constituency in the north - eastern area , Singapore .
Kahurangi National Park is a national park in the northwest of the South Island of New Zealand , ranging to near Golden Bay in north .
Colegio Amaranto Los Cabos , BCS is a private school in Cabo San Lucas in Los Cabos , Baja California Sur , Mexico .
Moniatis ( Greek : Μονιάτης , Turkish : Elmalı ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 5 km southeast of Pano Platres .
The Maribor Water Tower ( Slovene : Vodni stolp ) is a medieval fortified tower in the city of Maribor , Slovenia .
Bedero Valcuvia is a town and comune located in the province of Varese , in the Lombardy region of northern Italy , in the Valcuvia valley .
The Arco Norte ( lit . : Northern Arc ) is a toll road in Mexico .
The Col des Ares was first used in the Tour de France in 1910 and has appeared frequently since .
The Meztitla Scout Camp School ( Campo Escuela Scout Meztitla ) is the national Scout camp and school owned by the Asociación de Scouts de México , A.C. , located in the Central Highlands of Mexico , northeast of the municipality of Tepoztlán , in the state of Morelos .
Diego Garcia became a colony of the United Kingdom after the Napoleonic wars as part of the Treaty of Paris ( 1814 ) , and from 1814 to 1965 , it was administered from Mauritius .
Fort Suse is located in Kurdistan region of Iraq Iraq in the vicinity of Al - Sulamaniya .
Hameh Sin ( Persian : همه سين‎ , also Romanized as Hameh Sīn and Hamasīn ; also known as Torkaman and Torkaman Deh - e Hamsīn ) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District , in the Central District of Tehran County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Buffalo Grill is a chain of steakhouses based in France , with over 328 outlets in Europe .
Loreto College , Foxrock is a voluntary fee paying Catholic Secondary School under the direction of the Sisters of Loreto in Dublin , Ireland .
Prambors FM is a commercial radio network based in Jakarta , Indonesia .
Khancoban Dam is a major ungated earthfill embankment dam with a controlled spillway across the Swampy Plain River in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales , Australia .
Strmec na Predelu ( pronounced ( ˈstəɾməts na pɾɛˈdeːlu ) ; Italian : Bretto di Sopra ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bovec in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
MKS Pogoń Szczecin ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˌɛmkaˈɛs ˌpɔɡɔɲ ˈʂt͡ʂɛt͡ɕin ) ) is a Polish professional football club , based in Szczecin , Poland .
Besna Kobila ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бесна Кобила , pronounced ( bɛ̂ːsnaː kɔ̌bila ) , meaning `` mad mare '' ) is a mountain in southeastern Serbia and small ski center .
Esteros is a small town in the Altamira Municipality in Tamaulipas , Mexico .
Valle de la Pascua Airport ( IATA : VDP , ICAO : SVVP ) is an airport serving Valle de la Pascua , a city in the state of Guárico in central Venezuela .
Chikitsak Samuha Shirolkar High School ( CSS High School ) is an educational institute , established in 1906 , in Girgaon area of Mumbai , Maharashtra State in India .
The Petersberg Railway , or Petersbergbahn , was a rack railway line in the North Rhine - Westphalia region of Germany .
Černošice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtʃɛrnoʃɪtsɛ ) ) is a town in Central Bohemian Region , Czech Republic .
Choroń - Baranowizna ( ˈxɔrɔɲ baranɔˈvizna ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Poraj , within Myszków County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Stardust Circus ( established in the early 1990s ) is a circus that tours in Australia .
Lake Chamo ( Amharic : Chamo Hayk ) is a lake in the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region of southern Ethiopia .
Barahun Island is a small island of Papua New Guinea , located in the Green Islands , east of New Ireland .
Football at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held in Beijing and several other cities in the People 's Republic of China from 6 August to 23 August .
Ainehvand - e Abdollah ( Persian : اينه وندعبدالله‎ , also Romanized as Aīnehvand - e ʿAbdollah ) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Tarazona de la Mancha is a municipality in the province of Albacete in the Autonomous community of Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
Kotylio ( Greek : Κοτύλιο ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit Gortyna , southwest Arcadia , Greece .
Ayvalık ( Turkish : ( ˈajvaɫɯk ) ; Greek : Αϊβαλί , Κυδωνίες ) is a seaside town on the northwestern Aegean coast of Turkey .
Stal Stalowa Wola ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈstal staˈlɔva ˈvɔla ) ) is a football ( soccer ) club based in Stalowa Wola , Poland .
Marolambo is a village and commune ( kaominina ) located in the Atsinanana region of eastern Madagascar .
Students from the Darmstadt University of Technology , then known as Technische Hochschule Darmstadt , began flying gliders from the Wasserkuppe as early as 1911 , but interest in gliding in Germany increased greatly after 1918 when the Treaty of Versailles restricted the production or use of powered aircraft in the nation .
Swanson Bay is a ghost town in British Columbia , Canada located in Graham Reach on the Inside Passage , between Princess Royal Island and the northern mainland .
Tianhe District is one of the ten districts in Guangzhou , People 's Republic of China .
The range of the Rio Bonito Formation outcrops occurs mainly in the eastern border of the Paraná Basin , in a narrow band in the states of São Paulo , Paraná , Santa Catarina , Rio Grande do Sul and Uruguay .
The Dudhwa National Park is a national park in the Terai of Uttar Pradesh , India , and covers an area of 490.3 km2 ( 189.3 sq mi ) , with a buffer zone of 190 km2 ( 73 sq mi ) .
Knjaževac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Књажевац , pronounced ( kɲǎːʒɛʋats ) ) is a town and municipality situated in eastern Serbia , in the Timočka Krajina region bordering Bulgaria .
Daan - Ghati is one of the two main temple structures in Goverdhan , near Mathura , India .
Mazozoli parish ( Latvian : Mazozolu pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Ogre Municipality , Latvia .
Mundlapadu is a village in Penuganchiprolu mandal , in the Krishna district , of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Krzeszów Abbey , formerly known as Grüssau Abbey ( Polish : Klasztor w Krzeszowie , German : Abtei Grüssau ) refers to a historical Cistercian monastery in Krzeszów in Lower Silesia , Poland .
Smażyno ( smaˈʐɨnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Erg Chebbi ( Arabic : عرق الشبي‎ ) is one of Morocco 's two Saharan ergs -- large seas of dunes formed by wind - blown sand .
The University of Padua ( Italian : Università degli Studi di Padova , UNIPD ) is a premier Italian university located in the city of Padua , Italy .
Khaneh - ye Khoda ( Persian : خانه خدا‎ , also Romanized as Khāneh - ye Khodā ) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Estadio Reino de León is a football stadium located in León , in the autonomous community of Castile and León , Spain .
Gan Yoshiya ( Hebrew : גַּן יֹאשִׁיָּה , lit . Josiah 's Garden ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Huanan County ( simplified Chinese : 桦南县 ; traditional Chinese : 樺南縣 ; pinyin : Huànán Xiàn ) is a county of eastern Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Lieutenancy areas are the separate areas of the United Kingdom appointed a Lord Lieutenant - the representative of the British monarch .
The Lithgow Small Arms Factory is a military small arms factory located in the town of Lithgow , New South Wales in Australia .
The Klever Reichswald is an Imperial forest near Kleve in North Rhine - Westphalia in Germany between the Rivers Rhine and Maas at the Dutch / German border .
Kitikmeot Region ( Inuktitut : Qitirmiut ᕿᑎᕐᒥᐅᑦ ) is an administrative region of Nunavut , Canada .
Barduelva ( Northern Sami : Álddesjohka , English : Bardu River ) is a river in Troms county , Norway .
Lamnizla ( also El Had Mnzila or El - Menizla ) is a village and rural commune in Taroudant Province of the Souss - Massa - Drâa region of Morocco .
Faisalabad Arts Council ( FAC ) is an arts center in Faisalabad , Pakistan .
Sinogóra - Psota ( ɕinɔˈɡura ˈpsɔta ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dero Awiseri is located in the district of Hewraman on the lower side of the Iraq / Iran border .
Vila Conceição ( meaning Conception Villa in English ) is a tiny neighbourhood ( bairro ) in the city of Porto Alegre , the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul , in Brazil .
Germany 's lowest elevation is to be found a short distance from Itzehoe , in the Wilstermarsch , which reaches 3.54 m below sea level .
The Pieksämäki railway station is located in the town of Pieksämäki , Finland .
Mustafa Taj Colony ( Urdu : مصطفى تاج کالونی‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Korangi Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Ivano - Frankivsk International Airport , Ukrainian Міжнародний аеропорт Івано-Франківськ ( IATA : IFO , ICAO : UKLI ) is an airport in Ivano - Frankivsk , Ukraine , some 4.4 km ( 2.7 mi ) by road from the town center .
Illorsuit ( old spelling : Igdlorssuit ) ( IATA : IOT ) is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality , in western Greenland .
The 1721 Tabriz earthquake occurred on April 26 , with an epicenter near the city of Tabriz , Iran .
Qeshlaq - e Moranlu ( Persian : قشلاق مرانلو‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Morānlū and Qeshlāq - e Mūrānlū ; also known as Nūralū ) is a village in Zahray - ye Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Kigoma Airport ( IATA : TKQ , ICAO : HTKA ) is an airport in western Tanzania serving Kigoma .
Gvat or Gevat ( Hebrew : גְּבַת ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel near Migdal HaEmek in the Jezreel Valley .
Bùi Xá is a commune the district of Đức Thọ District , Hà Tĩnh Province , Vietnam .
Chrztowo ( ˈxʂtɔvɔ ) is a village with a population of 80 in northern Poland .
Kottarakkara ( IAST : Koṭṭārakkara ) , also transliterated as Kottarakara , is a town and municipality in Kollam District ( formerly known as Quilon ) , in Kerala state , India .
El Ancasti is a local daily newspaper published in San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca , Argentina .
Lenjab ( Persian : لنجاب‎ , also Romanized as Lenjāb and Lanjāb ) is a village in Kivanat Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
In 2008 Bustech became part of the Transit Australia Group as part of a restructuring of the Calabro operations .
The Club Universitario de Rosario ( Uni Rosario ) is a multi - sports club in Rosario , Argentina .
The Abdul Rahman Mosque ( Dari : مسجد عبدالرحمان ; Pashto : د عبدالرحمان جومات‎ ) , also known as the Grand Mosque of Kabul , is one of the largest mosques in Afghanistan .
Franklin District is a former New Zealand territorial authority that lay between the Auckland metropolitan area and the Waikato Plains .
Chorzów ( ˈxɔʐuf ) ( German : Königshütte ( ˈkøːnɪçsˌhʏtə ) ) is a city in Silesia in southern Poland , near Katowice .
HaZor'im ( Hebrew : הַזּוֹרְעִים ) is a religious moshav in the Lower Galilee Regional Council of northern Israel .
Tauhunu is both the main village on Manihiki atoll in the Cook Islands and the islet on which it is located .
Muman - e Vasat ( Persian : مومان وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Mūmān - e Vosţá ; also known as Mūmān - e Bālā and Mūmān - e Vasaţ ) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Malanjkhand also referred to as MCP ( acronym for Malanjkhand Copper Project ) is an open - pit copper mine in India , located near the town of Malanjkhand , 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) northeast of Balaghat in Madhya Pradesh , at an altitude of 576 MRL .
Morobe Bay is a bay within Huon Gulf , on the coast of Morobe Province , Papua New Guinea .
Haugesund Airport , Karmøy ( Norwegian : Haugesund lufthavn , Karmøy ; IATA : HAU , ICAO : ENHD ) is an international airport serving the Haugesund region in Norway .
Siah Rud Poshteh ( Persian : سياهرودپشته‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Rūd Poshteh ; also known as Sīāh Rūd ) is a village in Rostamabad - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bukowie Górne ( buˈkɔvjɛ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Zasań ( ˈzasaɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślenice , within Myślenice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Madgul is a Mandal in Mahbubnagar district in Telangana , India .
Vinji Vrh pri Semiču ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːnji ˈʋəɾx pɾi ˈseːmitʃu ) ; German : Weinberg ) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia .
Yitiman ( Persian : يتيمان‎ , also Romanized as Yītīmān ) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wiener Neustadt Hauptbahnhof is a railway station in Wiener Neustadt , in the federal state of Lower Austria , south of Vienna .
The Guitares au Palais is an annual guitar - oriented music festival in the Palace of the Kings of Majorca in Perpignan , Pyrénées - Orientales , France , which began in 2004 .
The Berlin State Museums ( German : Staatliche Museen zu Berlin ) are a group of institutions in Berlin , Germany , comprising seventeen museums in five clusters , several research institutes , libraries , and supporting facilities .
The Federal Military Memorial Cemetery ( Russian : Федеральное военное мемориальное кладбище ) is a cemetery that is being built in north - west Moscow , Russia .
Svitene Manor ( Latvian : Svitenes muižas pils ; German : Schloß Schwitten ) is a manor house in the historical region of Zemgale , in Latvia .
The Cathedral of Santa Maria Assunta is Romanesque - style Roman Catholic temple in the town of Atri , Province of Teramo , region of Abruzzo , Italy The church was consecrated in 1223 atop an earlier church .
Jevíčko ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjɛviːtʃko ) ; German : Gewitsch ) is a town in Svitavy District , in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Deh Bekr ( Persian : دهبکر‎ , also Romanized as Dehbokar ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
PAF Museum , Karachi ( Urdu : پاک فضائیہ متحف ‎ ) is an Air Force museum and park situated near Karsaz Flyover on Shahra - e - Faisal in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
As of 2011 India census , Khejroli had total population of 16,531 people which consists of 8,562 males and 7,969 females .
Port Loko is the capital and second largest town of Port Loko District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone .
The Bergermeer gas storage is a planned underground natural gas storage in the Alkmaar region north of Amsterdam in the Netherlands .
The border between Belgium and France runs right through the village , separating the Belgian Goegnies - Chaussée from the French Gognies - Chaussée .
In the mid 15th century , Soule finally recognizes the King of France as his own , with the Basque district becoming the smallest province and exclave of the kingdom and the most distant from the centre of power , Paris .
Ifalik ( also spelled Ifaluk ) is a coral atoll of four islands in the central Caroline Islands in the Pacific Ocean , and forms a legislative district in Yap State in the Federated States of Micronesia .
Papagou ( Greek : Παπάγου ) is a suburb in the eastern part of the Athens agglomeration , Greece .
Hualien Station ( Chinese : 花蓮車站 ; pinyin : Huālián chēzhàn ) is a railway station of the Taiwan Railway Administration located Hualien City , Hualien County , Taiwan .
Birla School , Kalyan ( CBSE Board ) is a school in the Thane district of Mumbai Metropolis , India .
The Tanjung Enim Coal Mine is a coal mine located in Muara Enim Regency , South Sumatra Province , Indonesia .
Tropojë ( definite Albanian form : Tropoja ) is a municipality in Kukës County , northern Albania , near the border with Kosovo .
Avdella ( Greek : Αβδέλλα ; Aromanian : Avdhela ) is a village and a former municipality in Grevena regional unit , West Macedonia , Greece .
Plešivica pri Žalni ( pronounced ( plɛˈʃiːʋitsa pɾi ˈʒaːlni ) ; in older sources also Plešivice ) is a settlement south of Žalna in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Koktal ( Kazakh : Көктал ) is a village in Almaty Region , in southeastern Kazakhstan .
The Madu Ganga is a shallow water body in south - west Sri Lanka , which enters the sea at Balapitiya .
The Tallinn Passenger Port or the Old City Harbour ( Estonian : Vanasadam ) is the main passenger harbour in Tallinn , Estonia .
Hazrat Nizamuddin railway station ( station code NZM ) is one of the five main railway stations of Delhi , India from which trains originate .
Kuzyovo ( Bulgarian : Кузьово ) is a village in the municipality of Belitsa , in Blagoevgrad Province , Bulgaria .
The Indian Institute of Management Kashipur also known as IIM Kashipur , is a public business school located in Kashipur , Uttarakhand , India .
Babakücə ( also , Babakyudzha ) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mozaffariyeh ( Persian : مظفريه‎ , also Romanized as Moz̧affarīyeh ; also known as Moz̧affarī and Muzzafari ) is a village in Kut - e Abdollah Rural District , in the Central District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kardzhali ( Bulgarian : Кърджали , Turkish : Kırcaali ; sometimes spelt Kardzali or Kurdzhali ) is a town in the Eastern Rhodopes in Bulgaria , centre of Kardzhali Municipality and Kardzhali Province .
Siorac - de - Ribérac is a commune in the Dordogne department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France .
Gmina Wadowice is an urban - rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Wadowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Batn Gharran was a location in Saudi Arabia during the Islamic Prophet Muhammad 's era .
Long Banio ( also known as Long Banyo , Long Banto or Long Banci ) is a large longhouse village in the Marudi division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Mejicanos is a San Salvador suburb in the San Salvador department of El Salvador .
CKBK - FM is a low - power FM radio station which will broadcast a First Nations community radio programing on the frequency 104.3 MHz in Thamesville , Ontario , Canada .
Kfar Kama ( Hebrew : כְּפַר כַּמָא ; Adyghe : Кфар Кама ) is a town located in the lower Galilee , Israel , with a population of 2,900 , largely Circassian .
The Salzspeicher ( salt storehouses ) of Lübeck , Germany , are six historic brick buildings on the Upper Trave River next to the Holstentor ( the western city gate ) .
Rob - e Shamat Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ربع شامات‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Brezje pri Dobjem ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzjɛ pɾi ˈdoːbjɛm ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dobje in eastern Slovenia .
Variseia or Varisha ( Greek : Βαρίσεια ; Turkish : Şirinköy ) is an abandoned village inside the Buffer Zone , near Gailini , Cyprus .
The Olsobip Rural LLG is a local level government situated in the North Fly District of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea .
Santa Helena del Opón is a town and municipality in the Santander Department in northeastern Colombia .
Safdarjung Road ( Hindi : सफ़दरजंग मार्ग , Urdu : سفدر جنگ مارگ ) is a main road , in New Delhi , India , named after 18th century Safdarjung 's Tomb near it .
Iskushuban ( Somali : Iskushubaan ) is a small town in the northeastern Bari province of Somalia .
Piane Crati ( Greek : Krathys ) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
The Canadian Association of Geographers ( CAG ) is an educational and scientific society in Canada aimed at advancing the understanding of , study of , and importance of geography and related fields .
Rupit ( officially part of Rupit i Pruit municipality ) is a village in the county of Osona , in the subregion of the Collsacabra , in Catalonia , Spain .
The Montesinho Natural Park ( Portuguese : Parque Natural de Montesinho ) is a protected area located in the municipalities of Vinhais and Bragança , northeastern Portugal .
Križna Gora ( pronounced ( ˈkɾiːʒna ˈɡɔːɾa ) ; German : Kreuzberg ) is a small settlement above Visoko in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Villa Ada is a park in Rome , Italy , with a surface of 450 acres ( 1.8 km2 ) it is the second largest in the city after Villa Doria Pamphili .
Coto Colorado River is a river of Costa Rica that is located in the south pacific section .
The Bendlerblock is a building complex in the Tiergarten district of Berlin , Germany , located on Stauffenbergstraße ( formerly named Bendlerstraße ) .
The Central University of Kashmir formerly the Central University of Jammu and Kashmir , is a university proposed to be settled at Ganderbal district of Jammu and Kashmir and presently functioning from transit campuses at Srinagar district of Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Bologna Guglielmo Marconi Airport ( Italian : Aeroporto di Bologna - Guglielmo Marconi ) ( IATA : BLQ , ICAO : LIPE ) is an international airport serving the city of Bologna in Italy .
Miandorud - e Bozorg Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ميان دورودبزرگ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Miandorud County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sørfjorden Church ( Norwegian : Sørfjorden kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Rødøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Prato ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpraːto ) ) is a city and comune in Tuscany , Italy , the capital of the Province of Prato .
The Latgalian Farmer - Labour Party , also known as the Latgalian Progressive Farmers , was a political party in Latvia during the inter - war period .
The Jardin botanique de Tours ( 5 hectares ) is a municipal botanical garden and arboretum located at 33 , Boulevard Tonnellé , Tours , Indre - et - Loire , Centre , France .
Bourem Cercle is an administrative subdivision of the Gao Region of north - eastern Mali .
Jorhat Airport ( IATA : JRH , ICAO : VEJT ) ( Assamese : যোৰহাট বিমানবন্দৰ ) ( also known as Rowriah Airport ) is located 7 Kilometres South - West of Jorhat city , Assam , India .
Cam Ly Airport ( IATA : N / A , ICAO : VVCL ) ( Vietnamese : Sân bay Cam Ly ) is a small airport of Da Lat in Lâm Đồng Province in the Central Highlands region of Vietnam .
San Felipe International Airport ( IATA : SFH , ICAO : MMSF ) is an international airport located 11 km ( 6.8 mi ) south of the central business district ( CBD ) of San Felipe , Baja California , Mexico , a town located on the Gulf of California coast .
Batman Airport is an airport in Batman , Turkey ( IATA : BAL , ICAO : LTCJ ) .
Nam Mae Li ( Thai : น้ำแม่ลี้ ) or Li River is a river in Thailand with a length of 210 kilometres ( 130 mi ) .
Liga e Parë e Futbollit të Kosovës ( English : First Football League of Kosovo ) is the second division of football in Kosovo .
The Guyue Bridge ( simplified Chinese : 古月桥 ; traditional Chinese : 古月橋 ; pinyin : Gǔ Yuè Qiáo ) is an ancient Chinese arch bridge located in Yiwu , Jinhua , Zhejiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Han Pijesak ( Serbian Cyrillic : Хан Пијесак ) is a town and municipality in the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Dikwa Emirate is one of the successor states to the old Bornu Empire , a traditional state within Borno State , Nigeria .
Şahyeri ( Armenian : Սարինշեն , Sarinshen , also Sarishen , Şaqax , Shagakh , and Shaghakh ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Nowogródek Pomorski ( nɔvɔˈɡrudɛk pɔˈmɔrski ) ( German : Neuenburg ) is a village in Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Achterhoek ( Low German : Achterhook ; Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɑxtərˌɦuk ) ) is a region in the eastern part of the Netherlands .
Wacyn ( ˈvat͡sɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mount Tomorr is a large mountain located in modern - day southern Albania .
Eurovea is a business , retail and residential complex in Bratislava , Slovakia , located near the Apollo bridge and Tower 115 building .
According to Canada 's Alberta Energy Regulator , the Duvernay Formation `` holds an estimated 443 trillion cubic feet of gas and 61.7 billion barrels of oil ( Penny China Institute 2012 - 12 ) . ''
Okondja is a town in Haut - Ogooué province , eastern Gabon .
The Cu Đê River ( Vietnamese : Sông Cu Đê ) , other name Trường Định River is a river of Da Nang , Vietnam .
Bodenheim is a state - recognized tourism municipality ( Fremdenverkehrsgemeinde ) in the Mainz - Bingen district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany
Kuthalur ( Tamil : கூத்தலூர் ) is a village which is located in Sivagangai District , Tamil Nadu , India , 10 km from Karaikudi towards Sivagangai .
Porazava ( Belarusian : Поразава , Russian : Порозово , Polish : Porozów ) is a town in Grodno Region , Belarus near the town of Svislac .
Shahpur Dam is located in Attock District on Nandana River in Punjab , Pakistan .
Saha Station is a metro station of Busan Subway Line 1 located in Saha - gu , Busan , South Korea .
Pērse is a tributary to Daugava River in Latvia , flowing through Ērgļi , Pļaviņas and Koknese municipalities .
Dilolo Lake is the largest lake in Angola .
Hasan Shahab ( Persian : حسن شهاب‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Shahāb ; also known as Ḩasan Shoqā and Ḩasan Shaqāb ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tybory - Żochy ( tɨˈbɔrɨ ˈʐɔxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kjæsvannet ( Northern Sami : Keaisajávri or Stuorrajávri ) is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Porsanger and Lebesby in Finnmark county , Norway .
Al Artawiyah ( Arabic : الأرطاوية‎ ) is a Bedouin camp ( hijrah ) in Riyadh Province , Saudi Arabia , on the road between Riyadh and Kuwait .
Cappelle - Brouck ( from Dutch meaning `` chapel marsh '' ; Kapellebroek in modern Dutch spelling ) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France .
Orliczko ( ɔrˈlit͡ʂkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Szamotuły County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education ( HBCSE ) is a National Centre of the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research ( TIFR ) , Mumbai , India .
Jämijärvi Airfield ( ICAO : EFJM ) is an airfield in Jämijärvi , Finland , about 7 kilometres ( 4 mi ) south of Jämijärvi municipal centre .
Aukštojas Hill is the highest point in all of Lithuania ; it is located in the Medininkai Highlands , Migūnai forestry , approximately 24 kilometres ( 15 mi ) southeast of the capital city of Vilnius .
Beričevo ( pronounced ( bɛˈɾiːtʃɛʋɔ ) ; German : Förtschach ) is a settlement northeast of Ljubljana in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Funan DigitaLife Mall ( Chinese : 福南数码活力广场 ) , also known as Funan The IT Mall ( Chinese : 福南科技广场 ) or simply Funan Centre ( Chinese : 福南中心 ) , is a shopping centre located near the Civic District in Singapore .
The Mosport Trans - Am race is an annual SCCA Trans - Am Series sports car race held at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park ( formerly known as Mosport Park and Mosport International Raceway ) in Bowmanville , Ontario , Canada .
The Braibach or Tierser Bach is a stream in South Tyrol , Italy .
Áhkká ( Lule Sami : `` old woman '' ) , also known in its `` Swedified '' form Akka , is a massif in the southwestern corner of Stora Sjöfallet National Park in northern Sweden .
Winnaleah is a town in the north - east of Tasmania , Australia , in the Dorset Council local government area .
Dhampur is a city and a municipal board in Bijnor district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
The Fyrby Runestone , which is designated as Sö 56 in the Rundata catalog , is a Viking Age memorial runestone located in Fyrby , which is about 15 kilometers south of Flen , Södermanland County , Sweden , and in the historic province of Södermanland .
Khavkah ( Persian : خاوكه‎ , also Romanized as Khāvkah ; also known as Khāvgah ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Nitra railway station is situated at Staničná street in the Staré Mesto district of Nitra , Slovakia .
Marrakesh - Safi ( Arabic : مراكش آسفي‎ ; Berber : ⵎⵕⵕⴰⴽⵛ ⴰⵙⴼⵉ ) is one of the twelve regions of Morocco , formed by the addition of the Safi and Youssoufia Provinces to the old region of Marrakesh - Tensift - El Haouz .
Sibu Island ( Malay : Pulau Sibu ) is a small island in Mersing District , Johor , Malaysia .
The holdings of the Islamic Studies Library , a branch of the McGill University Library , stand together with those of the Robarts Library of the University of Toronto as the premier library resources in Canada for research on the Islamic world , and indeed , among the most important collections in North America .
Katholm Castle is a manor house located on the Djursland peninsula , six km south of Grenaa , in western Denmark .
The Urbasa Range ( Urbasa mendilerroa in Basque and Sierra de Urbasa in Spanish ) is a mountain range of western Navarre , Spain , part of the Basque Mountains .
Chaboksar ( Persian : چابكسر‎ , also Romanized as Chāboksar and Chābuksār ) is a city in and the capital of Chaboksar District , in Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Nsawkaw is a small town and is the capital of Tain district of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana .
Villány Mountains ( Hungarian : Villányi - hegység , pronounced ( vilːaːɲ ) ) is a relatively low mountain range located west from the town of Villány , in Baranya county , Southern Hungary .
Chokhur Kand ( Persian : چخوركند‎ , also Romanized as Chokhūr Kand ; also known as Chokhūr Kandī , Chūkhūr Kand , and Chūkhūr Kandī ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Malacky ( -Slovak , German : Malatzka , Hungarian : Malacka ) is a town and municipality in western Slovakia around 35 kilometres ( 22 miles ) north from capital Bratislava .
A Pontenova is part of the Turia Valley or `` Valle del Turia '' , a small valley on the western border of the Cantabrian Mountains in the northwest of Spain which is close to beaches and is divided by two counties :
Bladåker Church ( Swedish : Bladåkers kyrka ) is a Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County , Sweden .
Akra Kaur Dam , sometimes also referred to as Ankara Kaur Dam , is located near Gawadar in Balochistan , Pakistan .
Deotala is a small village of Bangladesh .
Szczepkowo - Kukiełki ( ʂt͡ʂɛpˈkɔvɔ kuˈkʲɛu̯ki ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ježenj is a small village near the town of Pazin in Istria County , Croatia .
Laval West ( French : Laval - Ouest ; formerly known as Mille - Îles and Laval ) was a federal electoral district in Quebec , Canada , that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1979 to 2004 .
The Nazarcea River is a tributary of the main branch of the Danube - Black Sea Canal in Romania .
The University of Misan is an Iraqi university located in Amarah , Maysan , Iraq .
Alov Kandi ( Persian : علوكندي‎ , also Romanized as `` Alov Kandī ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 17 , in 5 families .
Vielle - Aure is a commune in the Hautes - Pyrénées department of the Midi - Pyrénées region in south - western France .
Bonče ( Бонче ) is a village in the Prilep municipality , in the Republic of Macedonia .
Nowowola ( nɔvɔˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Żoruchowo ( ʐɔruˈxɔvɔ ) ( German Sorchow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bəhramtəpə ( also , Bəhrəmtəpə , Agakhanly , Pervomayskoye , and Pervoye Maya ; Russian : Бирмай ; formerly Bir May ) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Rozveh ( Persian : رزوه‎ , also Romanized as Rozweh ; also known as Rozba and Rūzīyeh ) is a city in the Central District of Chadegan County , in western Isfahan Province , Iran .
Klotjevac ( Serbian : Клотјевац ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Moerangi River or Moerangi Stream is found in New Zealand 's Whirinaki Te Pua - a - Tāne Conservation Park .
Raw Energy Records was a Canadian independent record label , based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Churn Creek Protected Area is a 36,747-hectare ( 90,800-acre ) provincial protected area in British Columbia , Canada .
Lamur ( Persian : لامور‎ , also Romanized as Lāmūr ) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District , Pariz District , Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Giovanni XXIII Tunnel ( also called Passante a Nord - Ovest ) is a road tunnel in Rome , Italy , that is part of the Tangenziale Est road .
Bampur - e Gharbi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بمپورغربي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Bampur County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Wadi Halfa Salient ( named after Wadi Halfa , Arabic وادي حلفا Wādī Ḥalfā , a nearby Sudanese city 22 kilometers south of the border ) is the unofficial name of a salient of the international border between Sudan and Egypt along the Nile River to the north .
Old Ottawa East or just Ottawa East ( Vieil Ottawa Est in French ) is a neighbourhood in Capital Ward in central Ottawa , Canada .
The Brittany American Cemetery and Memorial is located in Saint - James , Normandy , France , near the northeastern edge of Brittany .
Stary Bógpomóż ( ˈstarɨ bukˈpɔmuʂ ) ( German : Althelfgott ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Mörön Airport ( IATA : MXV , ICAO : ZMMN ) is a public airport located in Mörön , the capital of Khövsgöl Province , Mongolia .
Kyain Seikgyi is a town in the Kayin State of southeastern Burma ( Myanmar ) , located on the Zami River .
The Messina tram depot ( in Italian : Deposito tranviario Messina ) is the largest tram depot in Milan , Italy , and one of the largest in the world .
Ming Chuan University ( MCU ; Chinese : 銘傳大學 ) is a selective , private university in Shilin District , Taipei , Taiwan , accredited in the United States of America .
Cochem is the seat of and the biggest town in the Cochem - Zell district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Quarten is a municipality in the Wahlkreis ( constituency ) of Sarganserland , in the canton of St. Gallen , Switzerland , above Lake Walensee .
Ortaköy ( literally Middle Village in Turkish ) is a neighbourhood , formerly a small village , within the Beşiktaş district of Istanbul , Turkey , located in the middle of the European bank of the Bosphorus .
CJBN - TV , VHF analogue channel 13 , is a Global owned - and - operated television station located in Kenora , Ontario , Canada .
CFRU - FM , airing at 93.3 on the FM dial , is a campus radio station based at the University of Guelph in Guelph , Ontario , Canada .
Łukocin ( wuˈkɔt͡ɕin ) ( German Lukoschin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Valuyeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : ولويه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Valūyeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Valūyeh - ye Pā’īn , Volūyeh , and Volūyeh Pā’īn ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Deh Now - e Kheyari ( Persian : دهنوخياري‎ , also Romanized as Deh Now - e Kheyārī ; also known as Deh Now and Deh Now - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Dehaj Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Etobicoke Kangaroos are an amateur Australian Football club based in Etobicoke , Toronto , Canada .
The Great Weigh House ( Polish : Wielka Waga Miejska ) is a former structure that existed on the main square of Kraków , Poland .
Tabuaço ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( tɐβuˈasu ) ) is a municipality in the district Viseu in Portugal .
The Gulf of Guacanayabo ( Spanish : Golfo de Guacanayabo ) is a bay along the southern coast of Cuba , bordered by Granma and Las Tunas provinces .
Moires ( Greek : Μοίρες , `` Fates '' ) is a town and a former municipality in the Heraklion regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Kfar Kidde is a town in Northern Lebanon , roughly 51 km North of Beirut .
Northeastern Manitoulin and the Islands is a municipality with town status in Manitoulin District in Northeastern Ontario , Canada , approximately 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) south of Espanola .
Maputo International Airport ( IATA : MPM , ICAO : FQMA ) , also known as Lourenço Marques Airport or Mavalane International Airport , is an airport located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) northwest of the center of Maputo , the largest city and capital of Mozambique .
Mykhalcha ( Ukrainian : Михальча ; German : Mihalcze ; Romanian : Mihalcea ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Storozhynets Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
Cape Zonchio is the name given by the Venetian cartographers to the cape north of Pylos ( Navarino ) ( called Zonklon or Zonchio in Venetian ) on the western coast of Messenia on the Ionian Sea , in present - day Greece .
Wadla is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia ; it is named for the former district which lay roughly in the same area .
Hajj Mazarb ( Persian : حاج معذرب‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājj Maʿẕarb ) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District , Fath Olmobin District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lahore Cantonment , also known as Lahore Cantt , is located in the eastern part of Lahore , Pakistan .
The Vero Centre ( constructed as the Royal & SunAlliance Centre ) is a high rise office tower located in Auckland , New Zealand .
Vecvārkava is a village in and the centre of Vārkava municipality and Upmale parish , Latvia .
All for Victory ( Spanish : Todos por la Victoria ) is a political party in Peru .
Thirrë is a populated place in the former Fan municipality , Lezhë County , northwestern Albania .
Serhetabat ( formerly Guşgy in Turkmen , Kushka or Kuschka in Russian ) is a small town in the Mary Province in Turkmenistan , located in the valley of the Kushka River .
Huntingdale railway station is located on the Pakenham and Cranbourne lines in Victoria , Australia .
Città di Castello ( Italian pronunciation : ( tʃitˈta ddi kaˈstɛllo ) ) is a city and comune in the province of Perugia , in the northern part of the Umbria region of Italy .
Grochowe ( ɡrɔˈxɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszów Narodowy , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Turnpike trusts were bodies set up by Acts of Parliament in the United Kingdom during the 18th and 19th centuries .
Vandve or Vandved is an island in the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county , Norway .
Heracleopolis Magna ( Greek : Μεγάλη Ἡρακλέους πόλις , Megálē Herakléous pólis ) or Heracleopolis ( Ἡρακλεόπολις , Herakleópolis ) is the Roman name of the capital of the 20th nome ( region ) of ancient Egypt , located approximately 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) west of the modern city of Beni Suef .
Otjihaenamparero is a farmstead that is 23 km east of the small town of Kalkfeld , Namibia ( off of route D2414 ) .
Crowne Plaza Belgrade is a four - star hotel located in the Belgrade municipality of Novi Beograd , Serbia .
Mbalam is a place in Cameroon near the southern border with the Republic of the Congo where there are significant deposits of iron ore .
Oettinger Brauerei is a brewery group in Germany .
Guruvayankere is village in Beltangadi Taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in the country of India .
Cheongwon - gu ( Hangul : 청원구 ; hanja : 淸原區 ) is a non - autonomous district in the city of Cheongju in North Chungcheong Province , South Korea .
Karja Church ( Estonian : Karja kirik ) is a medieval Lutheran church located in Linnaka village on Saaremaa island , Estonia .
The Department of Taxes and Attorney General 's Chambers Building ( sometimes shortened to Attorney General 's Chambers Building ) is currently the tallest building in Botswana and one of the most expensive buildings built in Africa .
Ahmadabad - e Kahnuj ( Persian : احمدابادكهنوج‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Kahnūj ; also known as Aḩmadābād ) is a village in Mahan Rural District , Mahan District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Uxbridge , Tasmania is a Postal Code within Tasmania , Australia .
The AACTA Award for Best Reality Television Series is an award presented by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts ( AACTA ) , a non - profit organisation whose aim is to `` identify , award , promote and celebrate Australia 's greatest achievements in film and television . ''
The Fanes - Sennes - Prags Nature Park ( Ladin : Parch natural Fanes - Senes - Braies ; Italian : Parco naturale Fanes - Sennes - Braies ; German : Naturpark Fanes - Sennes - Prags ) is a nature reserve in the Dolomites in South Tyrol , Italy .
Mount Pendan is an active volcano on Sumatra , Indonesia .
Cham Nezami ( Persian : چم نظامي‎‎ , also Romanized as Cham Nez̧āmī ) is a village in Ab Baran Rural District , Joulaki District , Aghajari County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wolziger See is a lake in Heidesee , Brandenburg , Germany .
Belušić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Белушић ) is a village in Šumadija and Western Serbia , in the municipality of Rekovac ( Region of Levač ) .
In Yiddish the names of some cities in the Netherlands and Germany were shortened to Mokum and had the first letter of the name of the city , transliterated into the Hebrew alphabet , added to them .
Dangavo is a village in the Bamingui - Bangoran Prefecture of the northern Central African Republic .
Shahrak - e Shiasi ( Persian : شهرك شياسي‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Shīāsī ; also known as Sheyāsī , Shias , Shīāsī , and Shiyasi ) is a village in Miankuh Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Centre Étienne Desmarteau is a multi - purpose complex center with two ice rinks in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Luhove ( Ukrainian : Лугове ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
The Zagreb Jewish Film Festival ( JFF ) is an annual film festival held in Zagreb , Croatia which is dedicated to preservation of memories on Holocaust and on raising public awareness about importance of tolerance .
The first awarding of the star was by Governor General Michaëlle Jean , on 27 October 2006 ; only with Canada 's participation in the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan did there emerge , for the first time since 1993 , circumstances wherein one could carry out actions deserving of the Medal of Military Valour .
Relin Sosa Athletic Track is an athletic track in Cabo Rojo , Puerto Rico .
Korostyshiv ( Ukrainian : Коростишів , Russian : Коростышев ) is a city in Zhytomyr Oblast , Ukraine .
Urara Island is a small inhabited island in the northern part of Ataliklikun Bay ( Bismarck Sea ) in Papua New Guinea , located just off the mainland of the northern coast of New Britain .
Sekirnik ( Macedonian : Секирник ) is a village in Republic of Macedonia near Strumica .
The Zemen Monastery ( Bulgarian : Земенски манастир , Zemenski manastir ) is a Bulgarian Orthodox monastery located one kilometre away from the town of Zemen , Pernik Province in western Bulgaria .
Diezmero is a ward in the outskirts of Havana , Cuba , located by Carretera Central .
The Greek basketball league system or Greek basketball league pyramid , is a series of interconnected competitions for professional basketball clubs in Greece .
Stoupa ( Greek : Στούπα ) is a village on the coast of the southern Peloponnese peninsula in Greece .
Limingen ( Southern Sami : Lyjmede ) is a lake in the municipalities of Røyrvik and Lierne in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Regional Assembly of Murcia ( Spanish : Asamblea Regional de Murcia ) is the autonomous parliament of the Region of Murcia , one of the autonomous communities of Spain .
Guácimo is the capital of Guácimo , Limón Province in Costa Rica .
The annual sheep shearing competition , Lochearnhead Shears , was established in 1993 , growing to become one of the largest sheep shearing competitions in the United Kingdom .
Shiroka Polyana ( Bulgarian : Широка поляна ) is a reservoir lake situated in the Western Rhodopes mountains in Bulgaria .
Jolleyn ( Persian : جلين‎ , also Romanized as Jolleyn , Jolīn , and Jollīn ) is a village in Robat Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sinaia railway station serves the Sinaia mountain resort in Romania .
The Sarn Gynfelyn shingle spit on the coast of Cardigan Bay , in the county of Ceredigion , Mid - Wales , in the United Kingdom .
The Khan Clock Tower was built in Colombo , Sri Lanka by the Khan Family of Bombay .
Monte Binga is the highest mountain in Mozambique and the second highest mountain in Zimbabwe .
Brønnøysund Airport , Brønnøy ( Norwegian : Brønnøysund lufthavn , Brønnøy ; IATA : BNN , ICAO : ENBN ) is a regional airport located at the town of Brønnøysund , in the municipality of Brønnøy , Nordland county , Norway .
Dhaunkal ( Urdu , Punjabi دھونکل ) is a town in Gujranwala district , Punjab , Pakistan .
San Gaspar de los Reyes ( known as San Gaspar or SanGas ) is a town that makes up an important part of the Jalostotitlan Municipality in central Mexico .
The Needle Rocks , also known as the Needles , are a group of five main rock islets located close to the south - western coast of Tasmania , Australia .
The Wingham Brush Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales , in eastern Australia .
Doksany ( German Doxan ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Litoměřice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Exeter Synagogue is located in Synagogue Place , in Mary Arches within the old city of Exeter , Devon , and is the third oldest synagogue in the United Kingdom .
Saint - Ferréol - d'Auroure ( Occitan : Sent Ferriòu ) is a commune in the Haute - Loire department in south - central France .
Badong County ( simplified Chinese : 巴东县 ; traditional Chinese : 巴東縣 ; pinyin : Bādōng Xiàn ; literally : `` East of ( state of ) Ba '' ) is a county located in the extreme west of Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Pir Taj ( Persian : پيرتاج‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Tāj ; also known as Pīr Tājī ) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District , Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Tsarichina is a village in western Bulgaria , located in Kostinbrod Municipality .
Zhongli District ( Chinese : 中壢區 ; pinyin : Zhōnglì Qv ) is a district in Taoyuan City , Taiwan .
Ankara Palas is a historical building , which is used as an official state guest house in the capital Ankara , Turkey .
Holmöarna ( Swedish , literally the islet islands ) is an island group in the Kvarken narrows of the Gulf of Bothnia between Sweden and Finland .
Miya Khan Chishti 's Mosque and Tomb is a medieval mosque and tomb complex on the bank of Sabarmati river in Shahibaug area of Ahmedabad , India .
Thottam , Manacaud is a small region near by Manacaud , which is a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram , the capital of Kerala , India .
The Heraion of Samos was a large sanctuary to the goddess Hera , in the southern region of Samos , Greece , 6 km southwest of the ancient city , in a low , marshy river basin near the sea .
Amsil is a village in Kaepung , North Hwanghae , North Korea near the South Korean border .
Ampombiantambo is a small town in the region of Diana in northern Madagascar , near Mount Ambohitra .
Tøyenbadet in Oslo is Norway 's busiest indoor swimming facility .
Stawiszyn - Zwalewo ( staˈviʂɨn zvaˈlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Queenwood is a suburb in northern Hamilton in New Zealand .
The Subang Airport Mosque or Masjid Lapangan Terbang Antarabangsa Subang is a main mosque in Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport in Subang , Selangor , Malaysia .
The Nadarivatu Dam , also known as the Korolevu Dam , is a concrete gravity dam on the upper reaches of the Sigatoka River in Nadarivatu District of Nadroga - Navosa Province , Fiji .
Ejura is a town and the capital of Ejura / Sekyedumase , a district in the Ashanti Region of Ghana .
Janhova ( pronounced ( ˈjaːŋxɔʋa ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Apače in northeastern Slovenia .
Kaifan is a suburb of Kuwait City ; it is located in the governorate of Al Asimah in Kuwait .
Zamęt ( ˈzamɛnt ) ( formerly German Neumühl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów , within Świebodzin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Talmei Bilu ( Hebrew : תַּלְמֵי בִּיל``וּ , lit . Bilu Furrows ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
Tłoczyzna ( twɔˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pyzdry , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Anse La Raye or Anse - La - Raye is the largest town in Anse la Raye Quarter , Saint Lucia ; it is located on the island 's western side , near Marigot Bay .
Słupy Duże ( ˈswupɨ ˈduʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bądkowo , within Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Fountain in Piazza Santa Maria in Trastevere is a fountain located in the square in front of the church of Santa Maria in Trastevere , Rome , Italy .
The Docheiariou monastery ( Greek : Μονή Δοχειαρίου ) is an Eastern Orthodox monastery at the monastic state of Mount Athos in Greece .
Brammah is a mountain massif in the Kishtwar Himalayas of Jammu and Kashmir , India , east of the town of Kishtwar and near the border with Himachal Pradesh .
The Transylvanian Plain ( Romanian : Câmpia Transilvaniei , Hungarian : Mezőség ) is an ethnogeographical area in Transylvania , Romania , located between the Someş River and the Mureş River .
Jagličje is a village in Serbia , in the municipality of Gadzin Han in Nisava district .
Zgornja Luša ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈluːʃa ) ; German : Oberluscha ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Blåvand Lighthouse ( Danish : Blåvand Fyr ) is a seacoast lighthouse in Blåvandshuk near Esbjerg , Denmark .
English National Ballet School is a specialist classical ballet school based in London in the United Kingdom .
Grand Kru County is a county in the southeastern portion of Liberia .
Brighton railway station is the principal railway station in the city of Brighton and Hove , East Sussex , on the south coast of the United Kingdom .
Yengicə ( also , Yengidzha and Yenidzha ) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Psyttaleia ( Greek : Ψυττάλεια ) is an uninhabited island in the Saronic Gulf a few miles off the coast of Piraeus , Greece .
Weichselbaum is a common surname in Austria .
Debenec ( pronounced ( dɛˈbɛːnəts ) or ( dəˈbɛːnəts ) ) is a small settlement in the hills in the municipality of Mirna in southeastern Slovenia .
Mandi Shah Jeewna is a town in the Jhang District , Punjab , Pakistan , about 33 km north of Jhang .
DR-13 is a highway in the Dominican Republic .
The Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra ( German : Radio - Sinfonieorchester Stuttgart des SWR ) is an orchestra based in Stuttgart in Germany .
Dzoramut ( Armenian : Ձորամուտ ; formerly , Molla Eyublu , Molla Eylublu , and Evlu ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
The Watsonville Traction Company , later renamed the Watsonville Railway and Navigation Company , was a 3 ft ( 914 mm ) narrow gauge , interurban electrified railway in the U.S. State of California in the United States of America .
Cockburn Sound is an inlet of the Indian Ocean on the coast of Western Australia .
Malacky Air Base ( ICAO : LZMC ) is a military airport located near Malacky , a town in the Bratislava Region of Slovakia .
The Klützer Winkel or Klützer Ort ( in the vernacular also Speckwinkel ) is a part of the Nordwestmecklenburg district , in Mecklenburg - Western Pomerania , Germany .
Barrallier Island is a very small uninhabited island located 1 kilometre ( 0.6 mi ) northwest of French Island in Victoria , Australia .
In Dalag ( also written I - n - Daladj ) is a village in the commune of Tamanrasset , in Tamanrasset District , Tamanrasset Province , Algeria .
Khenifiss National Park ( French : Le Parc National Khenifiss ) is a national park in the southwest of Morocco , located near Akhfenir on the Atlantic coast in the region of Laâyoune - Sakia El Hamra .
Boldaji ( Persian : بلداجي‎ , also Romanized as Boldājī ; also known as Būldāji ) is a city in and the capital of Boldaji District , in Borujen County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Samsung Town ( Korean : 삼성타운 ) is a major office park in Seocho - gu in Seoul , South Korea .
Xaşı ( also , Khashi and Khashy ) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Wilders Plads is a waterfront area located just north of Wilders Kanal , a branch of Christianshavns Kanal , in the north - western corner of the Christianshavn neighbourhood of Copenhagen , Denmark .
2006 S.League was the eleventh season of Singapore 's professional football league .
Hodonín Zoo , ( Zoologická zahrada Jihlava ) is a Czech zoo , located on the northwestern outskirts of Hodonín in South Moravia , Czech Republic .
Njutånger is a locality situated in Hudiksvall Municipality , Gävleborg County , Sweden with 885 inhabitants in 2010 .
Oittaa is a district in Espoo , Finland , located on the southern shore of Lake Bodom .
Chatswood Oval is located south of the Chatswood railway station in northern Sydney , Australia .
Kapuskasing Airport , ( IATA : YYU , ICAO : CYYU ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) west of the town of Kapuskasing in northern Ontario , Canada .
Svetićevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Светићево ) is a village in Serbia .
Veselí nad Lužnicí ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvɛsɛliː ˈnadluʒɲɪtsiː ) ; German : Wesseli an der Lainsitz ) is a town in South Bohemia , Czech Republic and has population of 6,600 .
Cornwall Hill College is a private school in Irene , Pretoria , Gauteng , South Africa .
Nordfold Church ( Norwegian : Nordfold kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county , Norway .
Doliana ( Greek : Δολιανά ) is a community of the municipality North Kynouria , in eastern Arcadia , Greece .
Xaibe ( /ʃaɪˈbeɪ/ ) is small rural settlement in the country of Belize mainly consisting of people from the Yucatec Maya ethnicity .
Boneh Karuk ( Persian : بنه كروك‎ , also Romanized as Boneh Karūḵ ; also known as Boneh Kark ) is a village in Seydun - e Jonubi Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mitzpe Aviv ( Hebrew : מִצְפֵּה אָבִי``ב , lit . Spring Lookout ) is a communal settlement in northern Israel .
German submarine U-304 was a Type VIIC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She saw service in the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea .
Stoltmany ( stɔltˈmanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mae Sot Airport ( Thai : ท่าอากาศยานแม่สอด ) ( IATA : MAQ , ICAO : VTPM ) is an airport serving Mae Sot , a town in Tak Province in Thailand .
Lake Velence is the third largest lake in Hungary .
Algutsrum Hundred , or Algutsrums härad , was a hundred of Öland in Sweden .
Shiroka Laka ( Bulgarian : Широка лъка , `` wide meander '' ) is a village in the very south of Bulgaria , located in Smolyan municipality , Smolyan Province .
The Holy Spirit Orphanage ( Dutch : Heilige Geest- of Arme Wees- en Kinderhuis ) was an orphanage in the city of Leiden in the Netherlands .
Herblay is a commune in the department of Val - d'Oise , France .
Czołna ( ˈt͡ʂɔu̯na ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
German submarine U-502 was a Type IXC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . The submarine was laid down on 2 April 1940 at the Deutsche Werft yard in Hamburg with yardnumber 292 , launched on 18 February 1941 and commissioned on 31 May under the command of Kapitänleutnant Jürgen von Rosenstiel .
Hotel Wangchuck is a hotel in Thimphu , Bhutan , located in the heart of the city on the Chang Lam , overlooking the Changlimithang Stadium .
Søborg halt is a railway halt located about 2 km ( 1.2 mi ) north east of the village of Søborg near Gilleleje on the island of Zealand , Denmark .
Polesie State Radioecological Reserve ( Belarusian : Палескі дзяржаўны радыяцыйна-экалагічны запаведнік , Russian : Полесский государственный радиационно-экологический заповедник ) , is a nature reserve in Belarus , which was created to enclose the territory of Belarus most affected by radioactive fallout from the Chernobyl disaster .
Nasirabad Government High School ( Bengali : নাসিরাবাদ সরকারী উচ্চ বিদ্যালয় ) is one of the best government high schools in Bangladesh situated at East Nasirabad area in Chittagong , the port - city and the second largest city of the country .
The Tribuna of the Uffizi is an octagonal room in the Uffizi gallery , Florence , Italy .
Hvítavatn is a small lake in the southern Highlands of Iceland .
The Angus L. Macdonald Bridge , known locally as `` the old bridge '' , is a suspension bridge crossing Halifax Harbour in Nova Scotia , Canada ; it opened on April 2 , 1955 .
Gezerdar ( Persian : گذردر‎ , also Romanized as Gozar Dar ) is a village in Sang Sefid Rural District , Qareh Chay District , Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Festival de Cine Iberoamericano de Huelva is a film festival , celebrated since 1974 in Huelva , Spain ) dedicated to promoting Latin American cinema in Europe .
The Kaimai Range ( sometimes referred to as the Kaimai Ranges ) is a mountain range in the North Island of New Zealand .
Andrejci ( Hungarian : Andorhegy ) is a settlement north of Martjanci in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
St Joseph 's School , Mabiri is a Marist School on Bougainville Island in Papua New Guinea .
Gnieździska ( ɡɲeʑˈd͡ʑiska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Bozhurishte ( Bulgarian : Божурище ) is a town in western Bulgaria .
Seh Eshgaftan ( Persian : سه اشگفتان‎ , also Romanized as Seh Eshgaftān ; also known as Seh Eshkaftadān and Seh Eshkaftān ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kurnan ( Persian : كورنان‎ , also Romanized as Kūrnān , Kornān , and Kowrnān ) is a village in Bam Rural District , Bam and Safiabad District , Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
PAF Base Masroor ( ICAO : OPMR ) is the largest airbase operated by the Pakistan Air Force .
Wola Knyszyńska ( ˈvɔla knɨˈʂɨɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Barra Grande is a little seaside village in the municipality of Trairi , Ceará , Brazil .
Nakło nad Notecią ( ˈnakwɔ ˌnad nɔˈtɛt͡ɕɔ̃ ) ( German : Nakel ) is a town in northern Poland on the river Noteć ( German : Netze ) with 23,687 inhabitants ( 2007 ) .
Jerez de los Caballeros is a town of south - western Spain , in the province of Badajoz .
It is the longest continuously - published dance title in Canada ( since 1976 ) ; it was originally called Vandance but was renamed to Dance International in 1993 to better reflect its increasingly global editorial scope .
Froan Chapel ( Norwegian : Froan kapell ) is a small church on the island of Sauøy in the Froan islands in Frøya , Sør - Trøndelag , Norway .
Settimo Vittone is a comune ( municipality ) in the province of Turin , Piedmont , northern Italy .
Galkayo District ( Somali : Degmada Gaalkacyo ) is a district in the north - central Mudug region of Somalia .
Fedje Church ( Norwegian : Fedje kyrkje ) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Ovcullu ( also , Ovculu , Oudzhulu , and Ovdzhulu ) is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Batheay District ( Khmer : ស្រុកបាធាយ ) is a district ( srok ) of Kampong Cham Province , Cambodia .
Suchownia ( suˈxɔvɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Yothinburana School ( Thai : โรงเรียนโยธินบูรณะ ) is a publicly funded secondary school with nearly 4,000 students in Bangkok , Thailand under the jurisdiction of the General Education Department of Ministry of Education .
Zoo Park is a public park on Independence Avenue in downtown Windhoek , Namibia .
Kasian - e Rostam Khani ( Persian : كاسيان رستمخاني‎‎ , also Romanized as Kāsīān - e Rostam Khānī ; also known as Rostam Khānī and Rostam Khānī - ye Kaseyān ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Bishan Bus Interchange is a bus interchange serving Bishan in Singapore .
Suntur ( Quechua , hispanicized spelling Sondor ) is an archaeological site in Peru built by the Chanka people .
Jeverland refers to the northern part of the present - day district of Friesland in northern Germany with the town of Jever as the seat of its local government .
Sankt Thomas Plads is a round plaza located on Frederiksberg Allé , near its eastern end ( where it meets Vesterbrogade ) in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Aprelevka ( Russian : Апре́левка ) is a town in Naro - Fominsky District of Moscow Oblast , Russia , located along the Moscow--
Schloss Eicks is a mansion of Renaissance architecture located in the village of Eicks belonging to the town of Mechernich based in the district of Euskirchen in the south of the state of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Battle of Kunduz took place from April to October 2015 for control of the city of Kunduz , located in northern Afghanistan , with Taliban fighters attempting to displace Afghan security forces .
Vaduz Cathedral , or Cathedral of St. Florin ( German : St. Florinskirche in Vaduz or Kathedrale St. Florin ) , is a neo - Gothic church in Vaduz , Liechtenstein , and the center of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vaduz .
The National Palace Museum ( Chinese : 國立故宮博物院 ; pinyin : Guólì gùgōng bówùyuàn ) is a museum in Shilin , Taipei , Taiwan , focused on ancient Chinese art and artifacts .
William F. Ludwig got this idea in his early years back in Germany from Sonor and began to use it later in Chicago .
Montreux Casino ( Casino Barrière de Montreux ) is a casino located in Montreux , Switzerland , on the shoreline of Lake Geneva .
The Eista Werf was a shipyard in The Netherlands .
College of Engineering , Kottarakkara ( established in 2004 ) , commonly known as CEK , is an engineering institute in the state of Kerala , India .
Stockholm Half Marathon is an annual half marathon arranged in Stockholm , Sweden .
Briviesca is a municipality and city located in the province of Burgos , Castile and León , Spain .
Hrabské ( Rusyn : Грабске , Hungarian : Geréb ) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north - east Slovakia .
L'ak ( Khmer : ល្អក ) is a commune in Ou Chum District in northeast Cambodia .
Brusník ( Hungarian : Borosznok ) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Hataitai is an inner - city suburb of Wellington , the capital of New Zealand , 3.5 kilometres southeast of the city centre .
Trnavské mýto is an important transport junction and intersection in Bratislava , Slovakia , in the Nové Mesto district .
Ukhta State Technical University ( USTU ) is the largest university in the Komi Republic of Russia .
Aspendale Racecourse or Aspendale Park Racecourse was a horse racing and motor racing track located at Aspendale , Victoria , Australia .
The Estadio Monumental Isidro Romero Carbo ( also known for sponsorship reasons as Estadio Banco Pichincha ) is a football stadium located in the parish of Tarqui in northern Guayaquil , Ecuador .
Stare Stulno ( ˈstarɛ ˈstulnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Uhruska , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Goodwood Circuit is a historic venue for both two- and four - wheeled motorsport in the United Kingdom .
Medžitlija ( Macedonian : Меџитлија , Turkish : Mecitli , Albanian : Mexhitli , Greek : Μετζίτλια ) is a village situated in the south - west of the Republic of Macedonia , along the border with Greece .
Farum Arena is a multi - purpose arena , located in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Leskovdol ( Bulgarian : Лесковдол ) is a mountainous village in Bulgaria situated in Western Stara planina .
Romsdal District Court ( Norwegian : Romsdal tingrett ) is a district court located in Molde , Norway .
Nova Vas nad Dragonjo ( Slovene : Nova vas nad Dragonjo ) is a village to the northeast above Dragonja in the Municipality of Piran in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Pkhrut , is a village in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
The Johnstone River , comprising the North Johnstone River and the South Johnstone River , is a river system located in Far North and North Queensland , Australia .
Racial vilification is the term in the legislation of Australia that refers to a public act that encourages or incites others to hate people because of their race , nationality , country of origin , colour or ethnic origin .
Domestic Road , also known as Domestic Airport Road , is a major local road in Pasay , Metro Manila , Philippines that links Andrews Avenue to the north and NAIA Road to the south .
Schlanders ( Italian : Silandro ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) west of the city of Bolzano .
Dyupsya ( Russian : Дюпся ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the administrative centre of and one of three settlements , in addition to Byadi and Stoyka , in Dyupsyunsky Rural Okrug of Ust - Aldansky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
The Tochquonyalla Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges , located east of the Gamsby River and west of Lindquist Lake in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Tejgaon College ( Bengali : তেজগাঁও কলেজ ) is a college in Dhaka city , Bangladesh which was founded in 1961 .
Roero ( Italian pronunciation : ( roˈɛːro ) ) is a geographical area in the north - east corner of the province of Cuneo in Piedmont , north - west Italy .
Ovchepoltsi ( Bulgarian : Овчеполци ) is a village in Pazardzhik Municipality , Pazardzhik Province , southern Bulgaria .
Ebrahimabad - e Deh Gavi ( Persian : ابراهيم اباددهگاوي‎ , also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād - e Deh Gāvī ; also known as Ebrāhīmābād ) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District , Negin Kavir District , Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hyllie was a city district ( Swedish : stadsdel ) in the central of Malmö Municipality , Sweden .
Ranong ( Thai : ระนอง ( Pronunciation ) ) is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in southern Thailand , capital of the Ranong Province and the Mueang Ranong district .
The Sutla ( Croatian ) or Sotla ( Slovene ) is a river flowing through Slovenia and Croatia , mostly forming their border .
Kuthiran is a mountainous terrain in Thrissur district of Kerala state , south India .
Store Trollhøin is a mountain in Lom municipality , Oppland , Norway .
Šķilbēni parish ( Latvian : Šķilbēnu pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Balvi District , Latvia .
Darkovice ( German : Gross Darkowitz ) is a village in the Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Royal National Rose Society Gardens , also known as The Gardens of The Rose , are the gardens and headquarters of The Royal National Rose Society at Chiswell Green , near St Albans , Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom .
Sang - e Kalidar ( Persian : سنگ كليدر‎ , also Romanized as Sang - e Kalīdar ; also known as Dehneh Ārbāb ) is a village in Robat Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hebbes Bro ( Swedish : `` Bridge of Hebbe '' ) is a pedestrian bridge in Gamla stan , the old town of Stockholm , Sweden , connecting the two islands Riddarholmen and Stadsholmen .
The Acuario Inbursa is an aquarium in the Nuevo Polanco district of Mexico City .
Porter Creek Centre is an electoral district which returns a member ( known as an MLA ) to the Legislative Assembly of Yukon , Canada .
San Sebastián de Garabandal ( commonly called just Garabandal ) , is a rural village in the Peña Sagra mountain range of Northern Spain .
Nanikhir High School ( NHS ) ( Bengali : ননীক্ষীর উচ্চ বিদ্যালয় ) is a famous school in the town of Nanikhir , Gopalganj District , Bangladesh
Souskiou ( Greek : Σουσκιού , Turkish : Susuz ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 4 km north of Kouklia .
Majres is one of the villages of Sodfa in Asyut Governorate , Egypt .
Narg ( Persian : نرگ‎ ; also known as Ark and Nark ) is a village in Fariman Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Damianowo ( damjaˈnɔvɔ ) ( German : Damsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Skeppsbron ( Swedish : `` The Ship 's Bridge '' ) is both a street and a quay in Gamla stan , the old town of Stockholm , capital of Sweden , stretching from the bridge Strömbron in front of the Royal Palace southward to Slussen .
Samokov ( Bulgarian : Самоков ) is a town in Sofia Province in the southwest of Bulgaria .
Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University ( JRHU ) ( Sanskrit : जगद्गुरुरामभद्राचार्यविकलाङ्गविश्वविद्यालयः , Hindi : जगद्गुरु रामभद्राचार्य विकलांग विश्वविद्यालय ) is a private university in Chitrakoot , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Vallarpadam is one among the group of islands , that form a part of Kochi , in the state of Kerala , India .
The Wokiro River is a seasonal watercourse in Eritrea .
Planchón - Peteroa is a complex volcano extending in a north - south direction along the border between Argentina and Chile .
Brand - Laaben is a town in the district of Sankt Pölten - Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Castrop , since 1 April 1926 , is part of Castrop - Rauxel , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Officially known as the Treaty between Australia and the Republic of Indonesia on the zone of cooperation in an area between the Indonesian province of East Timor and Northern Australia , the Timor Gap Treaty is a treaty between the governments of Australia and Indonesia .
Lielirbe ( Livonian : Īra ) is a populated place in Tārgale parish , Ventspils municipality , Latvia .
Gaziemir Air Base ( ICAO : LTBK ) ( Turkish : Gaziemir Hava Üssü ) is an airbase of the Turkish Air Force located 10 km ( 6.2 mi ) south of Izmir , Turkey .
Mollaməmmədli ( also , Mollaəhmədli ) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Posht - e Aresht ( Persian : پشت ارشت‎ ; also known as Poshteh Arīsht ) is a village in Dustan Rural District , Badreh District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Augarten is a public park of 52.2 hectares ( 129 acres ) situated in the Leopoldstadt , the second district of Vienna , Austria .
Philipsdam is a dam that belongs to the Delta Works in the Netherlands .
Parchy ( also , Parchi ) is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan .
Damel was the title of the ruler ( or king ) of the Wolof kingdom of Cayor in what is now northwest Senegal , West Africa .
Tullu Milki ( also spelled Tullu Milchi , Tulu Mīlkī ) is a town in central Ethiopia .
RAAF Station Narromine was a Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) station located at Narromine , New South Wales , Australia .
Beşdam ( also , Bəşdam ) is a village and municipality in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mo Chhu is a major river in Bhutan .
Kusile Power Station ( formerly known as the Bravo Power Station ) in South Africa is a coal - fired power plant under construction by state electricity utility Eskom , about 15 kilometres north of the existing Kendal Power Station near Witbank , Mpumalanga .
The Havelock City Project , well known locally for its Asia Pacific Property Awards , is one of the largest and most expensive multi - purpose real - estate development projects in the world , being constructed in the Havelock Town region of Sri Lanka .
The Tanjung Datu National Park ( Malay : Taman Negara Tanjung Datu ) is a national park located in Kuching Division , Sarawak , Malaysia .
Faragheh ( Persian : فراغه‎ , also Romanized as Farāgheh and Ferāghah ; also known as Ferāgha ) is a village in Faragheh Rural District , in the Central District of Abarkuh County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Kasarani is a residential area in Nairobi , the capital city of Kenya .
Abu ` Arish is a city in Jizan Province , in south - western Saudi Arabia .
Litchfield National Park , covering approximately 1500 km2 , is near the township of Batchelor , 100 km south - west of Darwin , in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Bendebembli ( Kannada : ) is a panchayat village in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Baveysi - ye Mashian ( Persian : باويسي ماشيان‎ , also Romanized as Bāveysī - ye Māshīān ; also known as Bāvīsī ) is a village in Sarqaleh Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Marlborough Apartments is an apartment building in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Gartan ( Irish : Gartán ) is a parish in County Donegal , Ireland .
Chah - e Palami ( Persian : چاه پلمي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Palamī ) is a village in Seh Qaleh Rural District , Seh Qaleh District , Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Paseo de la Reforma is a wide avenue that runs diagonally across the heart of Mexico City .
The Lizard Lifeboat Station can refer to several Royal National Lifeboat Institution lifeboat stations located on The Lizard in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Hinulugang Taktak is a waterfall in the Philippines found in the province of Rizal on Luzon island .
Togra Sawroop Singh is located at south of Jhunjhunu City in the state of Rajasthan , India , and around 21 kilometers from headquarters .
Anklam ( German pronunciation : ( ˈaŋklam ) ) ( Polish : Nakło nad Pianą ) , formerly known as Tanglim and Wendenburg , is a town in the Western Pomerania region of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Windsor Public Library is a library in Windsor , Ontario , Canada .
Glodeni ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ɡloˈdenʲ ) ) is a city in the northwest of Moldova ; it is the seat of Glodeni District .
People migrated from that village at the time of partition in 1947 to Pakistan inhabited that town so named Angakiri .
Taps Colony in Thane district , Maharashtra , India is the official colony of the Atomic power station .
Sokcho Airport ( IATA : SHO , ICAO : RKND ) was an airport in Sokcho , a city in the Gangwon province of South Korea .
Klenovik ( pronounced ( klɛnɔˈʋiːk ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia .
Smolna ( ˈsmɔlna ) ( German : Schmollen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Point Lonsdale is a coastal township on the Bellarine Peninsula , near Queenscliff , Victoria , Australia .
Vyngapur River ( Russian : Вынгапур ) is a river in Yamalo - Nenets Autonomous Okrug , Russia , the right tributary of the Pyakupur River .
The Furkelpass is a mountain pass in South Tyrol , Italy .
Kattendijk Sands is a five million years old marine geological formation north of Antwerp , Belgium .
Idir - e Sofla ( Persian : ايديرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Īdīr - e Soflá ; also known as Īder , Īder Soflá , Īdīr - e Pā'īn , Igdir , and Īkdīr ) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District , Aslan Duz District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Concepción de Ataco is a municipality and city within the Ahuachapán Department , El Salvador .
Progress and Left Forces Alliance ( Greek : Συμμαχία Προοδευτικών και Αριστερών Δυνάμεων , Symmachia ) was a coalition of left - wing parties in Greece .
Tobermory Airport , ( TC LID : CNR4 ) , is located 2.2 nautical miles ( 4.1 km ; 2.5 mi ) southeast of Tobermory , Ontario , Canada .
The Imperial Service Club was incorporated within the Royal Automobile Club of Australia ( RACA ) in 1986 , bringing with it a history stretching back to World War I.
Westmount Square is a residential and office complex located in Westmount , Quebec , Canada .
Lago di Conza is a reservoir in the Campania region of southern Italy .
Mambare River is a river in Oro Province , Papua New Guinea , located at 8.05 ° S 148.0333333 ° E.
The James Mpanza House where his family lived after his death was given a blue plaque to mark his contribution to the history of South Africa .
The Itaimbezinho ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( itaĩbeˈziɲu or itaĩˌbɛˈziɲu ) ) is a canyon in the state of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil , about 170 km from Porto Alegre , near the border of the state of Santa Catarina .
The Tonto River is a river of Oaxaca , Mexico that flows from the mountains of Zongolica .
Narva Reservoir ( Estonian : Narva veehoidla , Russian : На́рвское водохрани́лище ) is a reservoir by Narva River , shared by Russia and Estonia .
Takht - e Ravan - e Sofla ( Persian : تختروان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Takht - e Ravān - e Soflá ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Saint - Gence ( Occitan : Sent Gençan ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in west - central France .
The Khumbu Glacier is located in the Khumbu region of northeastern Nepal between Mount Everest and the Lhotse - Nuptse ridge .
Kaleo is a small town in the Nadowli district of the Upper West Region of Ghana .
The Shire of Taringa is a former local government area of Queensland , Australia , located in western Brisbane .
The Kutxa ( pronounced ( ˈkutʃa ) ; short for Basque : Gipuzkoa Donostia Kutxa `` Savings Bank of Gipuzkoa and San Sebastián '' ) is a savings bank mainly operating within a regional scope in the Gipuzkoa province of Spain .
The Paraíba do Sul ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈʁiu pɐɾɐˈibɐ du ˈsuw ) ) , or simply termed Paraíba , is a river in southeast Brazil .
Allo Mahar Sharif is a village and union council of Daska Tehsil , Sialkot District in Punjab , Pakistan .
Maulbronn ( German pronunciation : ( maʊ̯lˈbʁɔn ) ) is a city in the district of Enz in Baden - Württemberg in southern Germany .
Berzelii Park is a small park in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Rutovu is a small town and seat of the Commune of Rutovu in Bururi Province in southern Burundi .
East Coast Lagoon is a man - made lagoon located at East Coast Park in Singapore .
San Lupo is the name of a hill town and comune in the province of Benevento , in the Campania region of southern Italy .
The Liffey Railway Bridge is a rail bridge spanning the River Liffey near Heuston railway station in Dublin in Ireland .
Surapata or Sura Pata ( Aymara sura dry jiquima , a species of Pachyrhizus , pata step , `` sura step '' , also spelled Sorapata ) is a mountain in the north of the Apolobamba mountain range on the border of Bolivia and Peru .
The Socialist Movement for Integration ( Albanian : Lëvizja Socialiste për Integrim , LSI ) is a social - democratic political party in Albania .
Mushayrib , also spelled Musheireb , is a settlement in Qatar , located in the municipality of Ad Dawhah .
Tietgenkollegiet ( English : Tietgen Student Hall ) , named for Danish financier C.F. Tietgen ( 1829 - 1891 ) , is a student residence located in the Ørestad district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Jewish cemetery of Khotyn , Ukraine .
The Leitha ( German : Leitha ; Hungarian : Lajta , Lajtha , formerly Sár(-víz ) ; Czech and Slovak : Litava ) is a river in Austria and Hungary , a right tributary of the Danube .
Seoul Grand Park is a park complex to the south of Seoul , South Korea , in the city of Gwacheon ( 과천시 ) .
Qatlu ( Persian : قتلو‎ , also Romanized as Qatlū ) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Skrađani ( Serbian Cyrillic : Скрађани ) is a village in Serbia .
The Sarajevo Beltway is a beltway in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Syltefjord Chapel ( Norwegian : Syltefjord kapell ) is a chapel in Båtsfjord Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Puttalam ( Sinhalese : පුත්තලම ; Tamil : புத்தளம் ) is a large town in Puttalam District , North Western Province , Sri Lanka .
The Allied Joint Force Command Brunssum is a NATO command at Brunssum , the Netherlands .
Tsiteli Khati ( Georgian : წითელი ხატი ) is a summit of the Kharuli Range in Northern Georgia .
In the spring of 1982 , Ofira was vacated as the Sinai was returned to Egypt pursuant to the Camp David Accords that led to the Egypt--
The Cliks ' major label debut album , Snakehouse was released on April 24 , 2007 by Warner Music in Canada and by Tommy Boy Records in the United States .
Culan is a commune in the Cher département in the Centre region of France .
Masbate City , officially the City of Masbate ( Minasbate : Syudad san Masbate ; Cebuano : Dakbayan sa Masbate ; Hiligaynon : Dakbanwa sang Masbate ; Tagalog : Lungsod ng Masbate ) , is a fourth class city and capital of the province of Masbate in the Philippines .
Khomsianeh - ye Musaabad ( Persian : خمسيانه موسي اباد‎‎ , also Romanized as Khomsīāneh - ye Mūsáābād ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Paeroa is a small town in New Zealand , in the northern Waikato region of the Thames Valley .
The first Corregidor Island Lighthouse was a historic lighthouse located on the island of Corregidor , in the province of Cavite , Philippines .
Sępopol ( sɛmˈpɔpɔl ) ( German : Schippenbeil ) is a town in Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , Poland , with 2,025 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Agraciada Beach is a historic beach area in Uruguay .
Ivenca ( pronounced ( ˈiːʋɛntsa ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
The Indooroopilly Island Conservation Park is a protected conservation park that is located on an island in the Brisbane River , in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Van der Nootska Palace ( Swedish : van der Nootska palatset ) is a palace located at Sankt Paulsgatan 21 in Södermalm , Stockholm , Sweden .
New Bight Airport ( IATA : TBI , ICAO : MYCB ) is an airport in New Bight on Cat Island in The Bahamas .
Al - Qudaibiya Palace or Gudaibiya Palace is a palace in Gudaibiya , Manama , Bahrain .
Gornji Potočari ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горњи Поточари ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Tsushima Subprefecture ( 対馬支庁 , Tsushima - shichō , 34 ° 12′38``N 129 ° 17′23''E ) is an administrative subdivision of Nagasaki Prefecture , Japan .
Allahabad - e Charuk ( Persian : الله ابادچاروك‎ , also Romanized as Allahābād - e Chārūk ) is a village in Baghin Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kharagan ( Persian : خارگان‎ , also Romanized as Khāragān ; also known as Khārakān ) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gallarate railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Gallarate ) serves the city and comune of Gallarate , in the region of Lombardy , northern Italy .
Miriam Vale is a town and locality in the Gladstone Region , Queensland , Australia .
Stonava ( Polish : Stonawa , German : Steinau ) is a village in Karviná District , Moravian - Silesian Region , Czech Republic , on the Stonávka River .
Kusel , until 1865 written Cusel , is a town in the Kusel district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The Hoya of Baza is a valley in the northern part of the province of Granada , Andalusia , Spain .
Ine Airport is a public use airstrip located in the village of Ine on Arno Atoll , Marshall Islands .
Berguedà ( in Catalan : El Berguedà ) is an inland comarca ( county ) in Catalonia , Spain , lying partly in the Pyrenees and Pre - Pyrenees , and partly in the Catalan Central Depression .
Epulafquén Lake ( Spanish pronunciation : ( epuˈlafken ) ) is a lake in Neuquén Province , Patagonian Argentina .
Gravia ( Greek : Γραβιά ) is a village and a former municipality in the northeastern part of Phocis , Greece .
The Museum of the Monastery of Preveli is a museum in Preveli of Rethymno , Crete , Greece .
Sućeska ( Cyrillic : Сућеска ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Chaos de Montpellier - le - Vieux is a 120-hectare ( 297-acre ) blockfield at the southern edge of the Causse Noir , above the Gorges de la Dourbie , north - east of Millau and its famous viaduct , in the commune of La Roque - Sainte - Marguerite , Aveyron , France .
Beckov Castle ( Slovak : Beckovský hrad or Beckov ; Hungarian : Beckói vár ) is a castle in ruins located near the village of Beckov in Nové Mesto nad Váhom District , Trenčín Region , western Slovakia .
Seyyed Shahab Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سيدشهاب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Mount Issa or Djebel Aïssa ( Arabic : جبل عيسى‎ ) is a 2,236 m high mountain in western Algeria .
Shahrak - e Yasrab ( Persian : شهرك يثرب‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Yas̱rab ) is a village in Aliabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Iksha ( Russian : Икша ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) in Dmitrovsky District of Moscow Oblast , Russia , located 45 kilometers ( 28 mi ) north of Moscow along the Dmitrov highway and the Moscow Canal , and is a junction of the Savyolovo Railway .
Jelševica ( pronounced ( ˈjeːu̯ʃɛʋitsa ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
The university was established in 1964 following the assent of the La Trobe University Act by Victorian Parliament on 9 December of that year , becoming the third university in the state and the twelfth university in Australia .
Straže ( pronounced ( stɾaˈʒeː ) ) is a small settlement in the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) in the Municipality of Lenart in northeastern Slovenia .
Geli Tabeh ( Persian : گلي تابه‎ , also Romanized as Gelī Tābeh ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Juutuanjoki is a river of Finland that flows from the Lake Paatari in the municipality of Inari in Finnish Lapland into the Lake Inari , which in turn flows through the Paatsjoki River towards Russia and into the Barents Sea .
Marienfeld is a large ( 2.6 km² / 640 acres ) grassy field on the reclaimed site of a former open - pit lignite mine about 20 km ( 12 mi ) south - west of Cologne Cathedral in the city of Cologne , Germany , straddling the towns of Frechen and Kerpen .
Grønnehave station is a railway station serving the northern part of the city of Helsingør , Denmark , as well as the nearby Kronborg Castle , Danish Maritime Museum , Kulturværftet cultural centre and the Øresundsakvariet public aquarium .
Brezovička ( German : Hamburg ; Hungarian : Hámbor ) is a village and municipality in Sabinov District in the Prešov Region of north - eastern Slovakia .
Tagensvej is a major street in the northwestern part of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Peenya Industry is a metro station on the Green Line of the Namma Metro serving the Peenya area of Bangalore , India .
As of 2001 India census , Tangla town is divided into 4 wards for which elections are held every 5 years .
Ashab ( Persian : اصحاب‎ , also Romanized as Aşḩāb ) is a village in Mangur - e Sharqi Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
San Cipriano ( Spanish pronunciation : ( san siˈpɾjano ) ) is a small village located at 200 metres ( 660 ft ) above sea level on the Pacific nearby the port of Buenaventura , Valle del Cauca Department , Colombia .
The A410 autoroute is a short motorway in France .
Metro Hidalgo is a station on Line 2 and Line 3 of the Mexico City Metro system .
Bedulu , also spelt Bedahulu or Bedaulu , is a historical site in Bali , Indonesia .
Lake Van ( Turkish : Van Gölü , Armenian : Վանա լիճ , Vana lič̣ , Kurdish : Gola Wanê‎ ) is the largest lake in Turkey , located in the far east of the country in the provinces of Van and Bitlis .
Qasr - e Molla ( Persian : قصرملا‎ , also Romanized as Qaşr - e Mollā ) is a village in Beyza Rural District , Beyza District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Şəmkir is a city in and the capital of Shamkir District in western Azerbaijan , located in the northern foothills of the Lesser Caucasus , on the coast of the Chagirchay River on Tbilisi - Yevlakh highway , about 4 kilometers ( 2.5 mi ) from Dallar railway station .
The Giardino Bardini is an Italian Renaissance garden in Florence , Italy .
Saja - Besaya Natural Park is a natural park in Cantabria , Spain .
Ballarat Bitter is a 4.9 % ( abv ) Australian beer , originally brewed in Ballarat , Australia by the Ballarat Brewing Company .
Spring Point Airport ( IATA : AXP , ICAO : MYAP ) is an airport serving Spring Point on Acklins Island in The Bahamas .
Al - Zaafaraniyah ( Arabic : الزعفرانية‎ , also spelled al - Za'afaranah ) is a village in the northern Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located north of Homs .
Kokemäki Castle ( Finnish : Kokemäen linna , Swedish : Kumo slott ) was a Medieval castle in Kokemäki in the province of Satakunta in Finland .
Tasermiut Fjord is a 70-kilometre - long fjord in Nanortalik , Greenland .
Fire and Rescue NSW ( previously known as New South Wales Fire Brigades ) , an agency of the Government of New South Wales , Australia , is responsible for firefighting , rescue and hazmat services in the major cities , metropolitan areas and towns across rural and regional New South Wales .
Payapur is a village in the Khammam district , in the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Madlu ( Persian : مادلو‎ , also Romanized as Mādlū ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Smokuč ( pronounced ( ˈsmɔːkutʃ ) ) is one of ten villages in the Municipality of Žirovnica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Rosochackie ( rɔsɔˈxat͡skʲɛ ) ( German : Rosochatzken , from 1927 - 1945 Albrechtsfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko , within Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kharagauli ( Georgian : ხარაგაული ) is an administrative center of Kharagauli district in Georgia .
Mehradaran ( Persian : مهرادران‎ , also Romanized as Mehrādarān and Mehrāderān ; also known as Mehr Āvarān and Mehrdarān ) is a village in Baharestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
PATTS College of Aeronautics , also known as Philippine Air Transport and Training Services , is an aeronautical school at Lombos Ave . , San Isidro , Parañaque City , Metro Manila , Philippines .
German submarine U-3505 was a Type XXI submarine of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . The U - boat was laid down on 9 July 1944 at the Schichau - Werke yard at Danzig , launched on 25 August 1944 , and commissioned on 7 October 1944 under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Horst Willner .
Ulstrup Castle is a manor house located at the small town of Ulstrup , 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southwest of Randers , in western Denmark .
The Uniklinikum Aachen , full German name Universitätsklinikum Aachen ( `` University Hospital Aachen '' , abbreviated UKA ) , formerly known as Neues Klinikum ( `` New Clinic '' ) , is the university hospital of the city of Aachen , Germany .
Boca Samí is a village on the island of Curaçao in the Netherlands Antilles .
Radzanowo ( rad͡zaˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Isca Marina is a locality which forms part of the commune of Isca sullo Ionio in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy .
Ostad Ali Akbar ( Persian : استادعلي اكبر‎ , also Romanized as Ostād `` Alī Akbar ) is a village in Kezab Rural District , Khezrabad District , Saduq County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Niuatui is an islet on the north - east of Nukufetau atoll , Tuvalu .
The Route of the Monasteries of Valencia ( GR-236 ) is a religious and cultural route that connects five monasteries located in central region of the Province of Valencia , ( Valencian Community ) , in Spain .
Rimouski Airport , ( IATA : YXK , ICAO : CYXK ) , is an airport located 1.8 nautical miles ( 3.3 km ; 2.1 mi ) northeast of Rimouski , Quebec , Canada .
Bilici Qorqan ( also , Bilici - Qorğan ) is a village in the municipality of Qorqan in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Kofinas or Kophinas ( Greek : Κόφινας ) is a former municipality in the Heraklion regional unit , Crete , Greece .
The Schnaittach Valley Railway ( German : Schnaittachtalbahn ) is a single - tracked , branch line in the Bavarian province of Middle Franconia in southern Germany .
Szczepanowo ( ʂt͡ʂɛpaˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa , within Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Hispano Aviación was established when a Hispano - Suiza car and aircraft parts factory complex in southern Spain was taken over by Franco led `` Nationalist '' forces in 1939 , during the Spanish Civil War .
Ghazanfari Khan Ahmad - e Sofla ( Persian : غضنفري خان احمدسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ghaẕanfarī Khān Aḩmad - e Soflá ; also known as Ghaẕanfarī ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Society for Underwater Historical Research ( SUHR ) was an amateur maritime archaeology organisation operating in South Australia ( SA ) .
The Château de Maintenon is a château , developed from the original castle , situated in the commune of Maintenon in the Eure - et - Loir département of France .
Koilada ( Greek : Κοιλάδα ) is a village and a former municipality in the Larissa regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Omanaia is a settlement in the Hokianga area of Northland , New Zealand .
Kotkan Työväen Palloilijat ( abbreviated as KTP ) is a Finnish football club based in Kotka , Finland , and currently competing in Finland 's second league , Ykkönen .
Mirjaveh County ( Persian : شهرستان میرجاوه‎ ) is a county in Sistan and Baluchestan Province in Iran .
Padgook ( Persian : پدگوک ‎ ) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District , in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Glover Playgrounds are three playgrounds in the Adelaide Park Lands in Adelaide , South Australia .
The New Altstadt Church ( German : Neue Altstädtische Kirche ) , also known simply as Altstadt Church , was a Protestant church in the Altstadt quarter of Königsberg , Germany .
Velyki Birky ( Ukrainian : Великі Бірки ) is an urban - type settlement in Ternopil Raion , Ternopil Oblast , Ukraine .
Mazraeh - ye Nasrabad ( Persian : مزرعه ناصراباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Nāşrābād ) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 217 , in 41 families .
The Meander Dam is a concrete gravity dam across the Upper Meander River , located in northern Tasmania , Australia .
Khuznin ( Persian : خوزنين‎ , also Romanized as Khūznīn ) is a village in Ramand - e Jonubi Rural District , Ramand District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Borshchiv ( Ukrainian : Борщів , Russian : Борщёв , Polish : Borszczów ) is a city in the Ternopil Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
Cégep de Matane is a francophone CEGEP pre - university and technical college located at 616 Saint - Rédempteur in Matane , Quebec , Canada .
The Velorama ( Dutch : Nationaal fietsmuseum Velorama ) is the only bicycle museum in the Netherlands .
Gachin - e Pain ( Persian : گچين پايين‎ , also Romanized as Gachīn - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Gachin Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Brzeżawa ( bʐɛˈʐava ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Monts du Lyonnais are a range of low - altitude mountains and eastern foothills of the Massif Central located in the Loire and Rhône departments in France .
Gravedona was a comune of Como Province , Italy .
Sydney Speleological Society ( SSS ) is a caving group based in Sydney , Australia .
Clarendon Tower was a high rise building on Worcester Street at Oxford Terrace in the Christchurch Central City , New Zealand .
Rijnwaarden ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the eastern Netherlands .
Seregno railway station is the railway station of the city of Seregno , in Italy .
Moyne Aerodrome is an aerodrome situated north east of Thurles , County Tipperary in Ireland .
Kocherinovo ( Bulgarian : Кочериново , pronounced ( kutʃɛˈrinuvu ) ) is a town in southwestern Bulgaria , part of Kyustendil Province .
Qizlar ( Persian : قيزلر‎ , also Romanized as Qīzlar and Qezlar ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Dashli Borun District , Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Campbell Shopping Complex fire was a major disaster in Malaysia which took place on 8 April 1976 at Jalan Campbell ( now Jalan Dang Wangi ) , Kuala Lumpur .
Asian Highway 84 ( AH84 ) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 1074 km ( 667 miles ) from Doğubeyazıt to Mersin , Turkey .
Bongolava is a region in central - western Madagascar .
Enewetak Auxiliary Airfield is a private airport at Enewetak on Enewetak Atoll , Marshall Islands .
Ontario Lacrosse Association ( OLA ) is a sanctioning sports body in Ontario , Canada .
Charlottetown City Hall is the seat of City Council in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island , Canada .
Loznani ( Macedonian : Лознани ) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia .
Vestmannaeyjar ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈvɛstmanːaˌeiːjar ) , sometimes anglicized as Westman Islands ) is a town and archipelago off the south coast of Iceland .
Nes Ammim ( Hebrew : נֵס עַמִּים , lit . Banner of the Nations ) is a Christian community in the northern district of Israel .
Kalkudah or Kalkuda ( Pronounced Kal - Kuda , Tamil translation rock - bay ) is a coastal resort town located about 35 kilometers northwest of Batticaloa , Batticaloa District , Sri Lanka .
The Aboriginal Children 's Advancement Society , ( ACAS ) , is an organisation in New South Wales , Australia that aims to achieve aboriginal reconciliation by improving the education of aboriginal children .
Abel Cathrines Stiftelse is a listed building in Abel Cathrines Gade between Vesterbrogade and Istedgade in the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Museum of Slavonia ( Croatian : Muzej Slavonije ) is the largest general - type museum in Croatia .
Tøyen is a residential area in the central parts of Oslo , Norway , part of the borough of Gamle Oslo .
Dashtigul ( Persian : دشت گل ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Wiskitki ( visˈkitki ) is a village in Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The HUD-1 Settlement Statement is a standard form in use in the United States of America which is used to itemize services and fees charged to the borrower by the lender or broker when applying for a loan for the purpose of purchasing or refinancing real estate .
Bad Wildbad is a town in Germany , in the state of Baden - Württemberg .
Abbas Jub ( Persian : عباس جوب‎ , also Romanized as `` Abbās Jūb ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Dehgolan Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 460 , in 112 families .
Brantford is a city in southwestern Ontario , Canada , founded on the Grand River .
Oderzo ( Latin : Opitergium ) is a town and comune in the province of Treviso , Veneto , northern Italy .
The Mt William North Mining Project is a proposed coal mine planned for the West Coast Region of New Zealand .
Lungotevere Raffaello Sanzio is the stretch of Lungotevere that links Ponte Sisto to Ponte Garibaldi in Rome ( Italy ) , in the Rione Trastevere .
Analytik Jena AG , based in Jena ( Thuringia , Germany ) , is a provider of analytical , bioanalytical and optical systems for industrial and scientific applications .
Bongor Airport ( IATA : OGR , ICAO : FTTB ) is an airport serving the city of Bongor , in the Mayo - Kebbi Est Region of Chad .
Rungis ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁœ̃ʒis ) ) is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris , France , in the département of Val - de - Marne .
Federation of Swiss Private Schools ( SFPS ) ( in German : Verband Schweizer Privatschulen `` VSP '' ) , has national influence and is recognized internationally by the representative organisation of quality private Schools and Universities in Switzerland .
Farewell Harbour is a harbour and landing in the area of Johnstone Strait of the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , located between Swanson , Crease and Harbledown Islands .
Arenillas Ecological Reserve ( Spanish : Reserva Ecológica Arenillas ) is a 17,083-hectare ( 42,210-acre ) protected area in Ecuador situated in the El Oro Province , in the Arenillas Canton and in the Huaquillas Canton .
Khan Qeshlaqi ( Persian : خانقشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as Khān Qeshlāqī ; also known as Qā’emābād ) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District , Kuraim District , Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Sarab - e Kam ( Persian : سرابكام‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Kām and Sarābekām ) is a village in Shahu Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Romany - Janowięta ( rɔˈmanɨ janɔˈvjɛnta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The President of the Spanish Senate ( Spanish : Presidente del Senado de España ) is the presiding officer of the Spanish Senate , the upper house of Spain 's Cortes Generales .
Shani Glacier is a glacier in the north of Shani Peak ( 5,887 m ( 19,314 ft ) ) in Naltar Valley , Pakistan .
Mansur Khvajeh ( Persian : منصورخواجه‎ , also Romanized as Manşūr Khvājeh ; also known as Mansoor Khajeh ) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Partizak ( Armenian : Պարտիզակ - meaning `` garden '' ; formerly , Bakhchajur ) , is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Solvalla Stockholm is temporary motorsport race track in Sweden .
Tressignaux ( Breton : Tresigne , Latin : Trisignala ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department in the Brittany region in northwestern France .
Lê Hồng Phong High School for the Gifted ( Vietnamese : Trường Phổ Thông Trung Học Chuyên Lê Hồng Phong ; formerly known as Petrus Ký High School ) is a highly selective high school in Hồ Chí Minh City , Vietnam .
Emån is a stream in southern Sweden , rising just north of Bodafors in the highlands of Småland and running approximately 220 kilometers to the Baltic Sea just south of Oskarshamn .
The Esteve Pharmacy ( Catalan : Farmàcia Esteve , IPA : ( fərˈmasiə əsˈteβə ) ) is a medieval pharmacy and museum located in the town of Llívia , in the comarca of Cerdanya , Catalonia , Spain .
Lindås Church ( Norwegian : Lindås kyrkje ) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Battle of Saint - Aubin - du - Cormier took place on July 28 , 1488 , between the forces of king Charles VIII of France , and those of Francis II , Duke of Brittany and his allies .
Il Vulcano Buono ( Italian : The Good Volcano ) is a shopping mall and leisure center located in Nola , near the hamlet Polvica , Italy .
Gręzino ( ɡrɛ̃ˈʑinɔ ) ( formerly German Granzin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rąbino , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Krivogaštani Municipality ( Macedonian : Кривогаштани ) is a municipality in western Republic of Macedonia .
Nowe Worowo ( ˈnɔvɛ vɔˈrɔvɔ ) ( formerly German Neu Wuhrow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Aniene ( pronounced ( aˈnjɛːne ) ; Latin : Anio ) , formerly known as the Teverone , is a 99-kilometer ( 62 mi ) river in Lazio , Italy .
The Montmorency River is a river in the Capitale - Nationale region of Quebec , Canada .
Le Bourget ( pronounced : ( lə buʁˈʒɛ ) ) is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Reshetylivka ( Ukrainian : Решетилівка , Russian : Решетиловка ) is a town in Reshetylivka Raion ( district ) , Poltava Oblast ( province ) of central Ukraine .
Château Lagrange is a winery in the Saint - Julien appellation of the Bordeaux region of France , and is also the name of the red wine produced by this property .
Palazzo dei Cartelloni , also known as Palazzo Viviani , is a Baroque - style palace in Florence , region of Tuscany , Italy .
The Marina Coastal Expressway ( Abbreviation : MCE ) is the tenth of Singapore 's network of expressways .
The Hålogaland Court of Appeal ( Norwegian : Hålogaland lagmannsrett ) is one of six courts of appeal in the Kingdom of Norway .
Graylingwell Hospital ( formerly The West Sussex County Lunatic Asylum ) was a psychiatric hospital in Chichester , West Sussex , United Kingdom .
Moravian Library ( Czech : Moravská zemská knihovna ) is the second biggest library in the Czech Republic .
The J.C.J. van Speijk Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the North Sea coast near Egmond aan Zee , in the municipality of Bergen , North Holland , in the Netherlands .
The Bhote Koshi Power Plant ( also known as Upper Bhote Koshi Project ) is a run - of - the - river power plant in Sindhulpalchok District , Nepal .
Nyamozero ( Russian : Нямозеро ) is the rural locality ( a Station ) in Kandalakshskiy District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Leman University Geneva ( LUG ) is a private university founded in Geneva , Switzerland .
6PR , known as 882 6PR , is a commercial radio station based in Perth , Australia .
Sobieraj ( sɔˈbjɛrai̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubniewice , within Sulęcin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Večići is a village in the Kotor Varoš municipality of the Republika Srpska region in northwestern Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Freiman Mall is an enclosed arcade between Rideau and George Streets in Downtown Ottawa , Canada , east of Sussex Drive and west of William Street .
Palisadoes ( word apparently of Portuguese origin ) is the thin tombolo of sand that serves as a natural protection for Kingston Harbour , Jamaica .
Analalava is a coastal town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in north - western Madagascar over the Mozambique Channel .
Molaly ( Kazakh : Молалы ) is a village in Almaty Region , in southeastern Kazakhstan .
Sabine Channel Provincial Park , also known as Sabine Channel Marine Provincial Park , is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , in the waters surrounding Jervis Island in Sabine Channel , which separates Texada Island ( N ) from Lasqueti Island ( S ) .
Castle da Rocha Forte is a ruined fort near Santiago de Compostela , in Galicia , Spain .
The First National Government ( Spanish : Primer gobierno patrio ) is a public holiday of Argentina , commemorating the May Revolution and the creation on May 25 , 1810 of the Primera Junta , which is considered the first patriotic government of Argentina .
Aliabad - e Qarah Chay ( Persian : علي ابادقره چاي‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīābād - e Qarah Chāy ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 55 , in 16 families .
The Katoomba to Mittagong Trail is a long - distance walking trail of 132 km that starts in the Blue Mountains at Katoomba ( New South Wales , Australia ) and finishes at Mittagong in the Southern Highlands .
Guiding County(simplified Chinese : 贵定县 ; traditional Chinese : 貴定縣 ; pinyin : Guìdìng Xiàn ) is a county of south - central Guizhou , People 's Republic of China .
Hjørring station ( Danish : Hjørring Banegård ) is the main railway station serving the town of Hjørring , Denmark .
Chenevrey - et - Morogne is a commune in the Haute - Saône department in the region of Franche - Comté in eastern France .
Marijampolė ( pronunciation ; also known by several other names ) is an industrial city and the capital of the Marijampolė County in the south of Lithuania , bordering Poland and Russian Kaliningrad oblast , and Lake Vištytis .
Jaworzyna Śląska ( javɔˈʐɨna ˈɕlɔ̃ska ) ( German : Königszelt , Latin : Sycomoria Silesiana ) is a town in Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Senez Cathedral ( Cathédrale Notre - Dame - de - l'Assomption de Senez ) is a Roman Catholic church and former cathedral , and national monument of France , in Senez .
The Ilz ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɪlt͡s ) ) is a river running through the Bavarian Forest , Germany .
Białogorce ( bjawɔˈɡɔrt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Theodosius Cistern ( Greek : Κινστέρνα Θεοδοσίου , Turkish : Şerefiye Sarnıcı ) is one of many ancient cisterns of Constantinople that lie beneath the city of Istanbul , Turkey .
Sidi Ouriache is a commune in Aïn Témouchent Province , north - western Algeria .
Beit Yehoshua Railway Station ( Hebrew : תחנת הרכבת בית יהושע‎ , Taḥanat HaRakevet Beit Yehoshua ) is an Israel Railways passenger station located in Beit Yehoshua and serves the village and the southern part of the city of Netanya , with its large industrial zones , as well as other small communities in the area .
Dazzeland was a two - storey indoor amusement park occupying the top levels of the REMM Myer Centre in Rundle Mall , a major shopping mall in Adelaide , Australia .
Buccino is a town and comune in Campania in Italy , in the province of Salerno , located about 700 m above sea level .
The Caledon Canadians are a defunct Junior `` A '' ice hockey team from Caledon , Ontario , Canada .
The Alexander von Humboldt National Forest is a national forest of Peru .
Hasushiri ( Persian : حسوشيري‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasūshīrī ) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bắc Ninh ( listen ) is a city in the northern part of Vietnam and is the capital of Bắc Ninh Province .
The Arboretum de Neuville - de - Poitou is a municipal arboretum located in Neuville - de - Poitou , Vienne , Poitou - Charentes , France .
Meydan Khalaf ( Persian : ميدان خلف‎ , also Romanized as Meydān Khalaf ; also known as Meydān Ghalaf ) is a village in Majin Rural District , Majin District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
GEPetrol is the national oil company of the Equatorial Guinea .
SOHAR Port and Freezone is a deep - sea port and adjacent free zone in the Middle East , located in Sohar , Oman , around 200 kilometres northwest of the capital Muscat .
Vasudhara Falls is a waterfall situated near Badrinath , in Uttarakhand , India .
Chambéry Airport or Chambéry - Savoie Airport ( French : Aéroport de Chambéry - Savoie ) ( IATA : CMF , ICAO : LFLB ) , also known as Chambéry Aix - les - Bains Airport , is a small international airport near Chambéry , a commune in Savoie , France .
Apart from being an ancient suzerainty , Moirang today , is all the more akin to India 's political history .
Long Caye is a privately owned island 40 miles ( 64 km ) off the coast of Belize .
Brindabella National Park is an 18,454 hectares ( 45,600 acres ) national park in New South Wales , Australia , that is located approximately 267 kilometres ( 166 mi ) southwest of Sydney central business district in the Brindabella Range .
The Pearse Peninsula is a peninsula on the southwest end of Broughton Island in the Broughton Archipelago of the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Aigne ( Occitan : Anha ) is a French commune in the Hérault department in the Languedoc - Roussillon region of southern France .
Jølstravatnet or Jølstravatn is a lake in the municipality of Jølster in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
The Darpana Academy of Performing Arts was founded in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India by Vikram Sarabhai and his wife Mrinalini Sarabhai .
Otahuhu College is a secondary school in Auckland , New Zealand for students years 9 to 13 .
Pangkalan Bun or Pangkalanbuun is a city ( population : around 200,000 ) in Central Kalimantan ( Kalimantan Tengah ) province on Borneo in Indonesia .
The Coudehard - Montormel Memorial ( mémorial de Coudehard - Montormel or mémorial de Montormel ) is a historical museum on mont Ormel in France , dedicated to the battle of the Falaise pocket , the last episode in the battle of Normandy .
Bushkan Water Station ( Persian : ايستگاه ابرساني بوشكان‎ -- Īstgāh Ābrsānī - ye Būshkān ) is a village and company town in Deris Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Persiaran Tujuan is a main road in Subang Jaya , Selangor , Malaysia .
The Kaeng Krachan Dam ( Thai : เขื่อนแก่งกระจาน ) is a multi - purpose hydroelectric dam in the Kaeng Krachan District of Phetchaburi Province , Thailand .
The AeroVolga LA-8 is an 8-seat amphibious aircraft designed and built in Russia .
The Khashm el - Girba Dam is a gravity and embankment composite dam on the Atbarah River about 4 km ( 2 mi ) south of Khashm El Girba in Eastern Sudan .
Lilleaker is a neighbourhood and industrial site in Ullern , Oslo , Norway .
Arly Airport ( IATA : ARL , ICAO : DFER ) is a public use airport located near Arli National Park or Arly , Tapoa Province , Burkina Faso .
Ort Itzhak Rabin ( sometimes referred to as Ort Gan Yavne ) is a pluralistic high school and junior high school in Gan Yavne , Israel .
Tubli Bay ( Arabic : خليج توبلي‎ ) ( also known as the Gulf of Tubli ) is a bay in the east of Bahrain , between Bahrain Island and Sitra island .
Janowiec - Wieś ( jaˈnɔvjɛt͡s ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Börzsöny ( Slovak : Novohradské hory , New City Mountains ) is a mountain range in Northern Hungary .
Kobylaki - Wólka ( kɔbɨˈlaki ˈvulka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ain Zaatout ( Arabic : عين زعطوط‎ ) is the administrative name of a mountainous village in north east Algeria , called Ah Frah in the local Shawi dialect , and Beni Farah ( sometimes spelled Beni Ferah ) ( Arabic : بني فرح‎ ) in Arabic .
Einsiedeln Abbey is a Benedictine monastery in the town of Einsiedeln in the Canton of Schwyz , Switzerland .
Jelsa Church ( Norwegian : Jelsa kyrkje ) is a parish church in Suldal municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Ahak Chal ( Persian : اهك چال‎ , also Romanized as Āhak Chāl ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Occidental Mindoro ( Tagalog : Kanlurang Mindoro , Spanish : Mindoro Occidental ) is a province in the Philippines located in the MIMAROPA region in Luzon .
The 1946 Vancouver Island earthquake occurred with a moment magnitude of 7.3 that struck Vancouver Island , on the Coast of British Columbia , Canada , at 10:15 a.m. on Sunday , June 23 .
The Botanischer Sondergarten Wandsbek ( 1.5 hectares ) is a municipal botanical garden located in the Eichtalpark , Wandsbek , at Walddörferstraße 273 , Hamburg , Germany .
Papari ( Cyrillic : Папари ) is a village in the municipality of Bihać , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Pori Jazz is a large international jazz festival , held annually during the month of July in the coastal city of Pori ( a population of 82,809 in January 2010 ) , Finland .
Alto de la Sierra is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province within the Rivadavia department in northwestern Argentina .
Alatona is a locality in the Cercle of Niono in the Ségou Region of southern - central Mali .
Marie Curtis Park is a public park in Toronto and Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
Bukit Daun ( English : Daun Hill , means : Leaves Hill ) is a stratovolcano , located in a sparsely populated region in Sumatra , Indonesia .
Castellaneta is a city and comune in the province of Taranto , in the Apulia region of Southern Italy , about 40 km ( 25 mi ) from Taranto .
Thrikkakara Temple is one of the few temples in India dedicated to Lord Vamana .
The Commerzbank - Arena ( German pronunciation : ( koˈmɛʁt͡sbaŋk ʔaˈʁeːnaː ) , sometimes ( kɔˈmɛʁt͡s- ) ) is a sports stadium in Frankfurt , Hesse , Germany .
Benguerra Island in Mozambique is the second largest island in the Bazaruto Archipelago , which broke away from the mainland thousands of years ago .
The Rotonda della Besana ( also known as Rotonda di Via Besana or Complesso di San Michele ai Nuovi Sepolcri , and originally as Foppone della Ca ' Granda ) is a late baroque building complex and former cemetery in Milan , Italy , built between 1695 and 1732 and located close to the city center .
Kaseman Kola ( Persian : كاسمان كلا‎ , also Romanized as Kāsemān Kolā ; also known as Kāsebān Kolā ) is a village in Gatab - e Shomali Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Berhet ( Breton : Berc'hed ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Kolonia Malennik ( kɔˈlɔɲa maˈlɛnnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Górny , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
St George 's , Bloomsbury , is a parish church in Bloomsbury , London Borough of Camden , United Kingdom .
Barrundia is a valley and municipality located in the province of Álava , in the Basque Autonomous Community , northern Spain .
Earl of Cromer is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom , held by members of the Baring family , of German descent .
The Uauaris River is a river which runs within the Roraima state in northern Brazil .
Lacedonia is a comune of 3,010 people in the province of Avellino , Italy , overlooking the Osento River , which flows into the Lago di San Pietro ( Lake of Saint Peter ) , an artificial lake .
Caulfield Racecourse is one of Melbourne , Australia 's best - known horse - racing tracks .
Adamova Manor ( Latvian : Adamovas muižas pils ) is a manor house built in 1851 in the historical region of Latgale , in Latvia .
Gudhem Abbey , Swedish Gudhems kloster , in operation from 1152 to 1529 , was a nunnery in Sweden , initially Benedictine and later Cistercian .
The Board of Internal Economy ( French : Bureau de régie interne ) is the body that governs the administrative and financial policies of the House of Commons of Canada .
Walferdange Castle ( French : Château de Walferdange ) , located in the small town of Walferdange in central Luxembourg , dates from 1824 when William I of the Netherlands who was also Grand Duke of Luxembourg built it as a stud farm .
Petoro is a company that is wholly owned by the Government of Norway .
Prilepnica ( in Serbian ; Прилепница ) or Përlepnica ( in Albanian ) is a village in the Kosovo Pomoravlje region of eastern Kosovo .
Tunjiška Mlaka ( pronounced ( ' tuːnjiʃka ˈmlaːka ) ) is a dispersed settlement next to Tunjice in the Tunjice Hills ( Slovene : Tunjiško gričevje ) west of the town of Kamnik in Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Şuşulu ( also , Şüşiilü , Şüşülü , and Shushulu ) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Circuit du Val de Vienne is a 3.768 km ( 2.341 mi ) motor racing circuit located in Le Vigeant , France .
Montes Claros de Goiás is a municipality in western Goiás state , Brazil
Konergino ( Russian : Конергино ; Chukchi : Кэийергын ) is a village ( selo ) in Iultinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia .
Cairo ( /ˈkaɪroʊ/ KYE - roh ; Arabic : القاهرة‎ , al - Qāhirah ) is the capital and largest city of Egypt .
Snop ( Bulgarian : Сноп ) is a small village near General Toshevo , Dobrich , Bulgaria .
Sand Point Lake Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CJD6 ) is located on Sand Point Lake , Ontario , Canada .
Sæby is a town and seaport located on the east coast of the historical region of Vendsyssel in the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark .
Achern ( German pronunciation : ( ˈaxɐn ) ) is a city in Western Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Türi ( German : Turgel ) is a town in Järva County , Estonia .
Hizaj ( Persian : هيزج‎ , also Romanized as Hīzaj and Ḩayzaj ; also known as Hīzzach ) is a village in Jeyhun Dasht Rural District , Shara District , Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Bolærne is an archipelago in the outer part of Oslofjord , in the municipality Nøtterøy in Vestfold , Norway .
Silvaneh District ( Persian : بخش سیلوانه‎ ) is one of the five districts ( bakhsh ) in Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Molowghan ( Persian : ملوغان‎ , also Romanized as Molowghān and Molowqān ; also known as Hashta Khān , Hashtoogan , and Hashtūgān ) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Carmichael Road is an upmarket residential street of Mumbai , India .
Federación Deportiva Obrera ( Workers Sport Federation , FDO ) was a sporting organisation in Argentina , made up by more than 60 football clubs .
Budhasing is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal .
Shahr - e Pir ( Persian : شهرپير‎ , also Romanized as Shahr - e Pīr and Shahr Pīr ) is a city in and the capital of Izadkhvast District , in Zarrin Dasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Silesian Museum ( Polish : Muzeum Śląskie ) is a museum in the city of Katowice , Poland .
Sepiddasht Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سپيددشت‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Suosjavrre Chapel ( Norwegian : Suosjavrre kapell ) is a chapel in Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
The Canton of Troyes-2 is a canton of the Aube department , in northern France .
Vlkolínec , Slovakia , is a picturesque village under the administration of the town of Ružomberok .
Urasar ( Armenian : Ուրասար ) is a town in Armenia 's Lori Province .
Maly Chembar River ( Russian : Малый Чембар ) is a river of Penza Oblast , Russia .
Silver Creek Airport ( IATA : SVK ) is a public use airport located in the Stann Creek District , Belize .
S. Haijang village was established in the Churachandpur District of Manipur , India in 1991 .
Parya Chaka ( Quechua parya reddish , copper or sparrow , chaka bridge , `` reddish ( copper or sparrow ) bridge '' , hispanicized spelling Pariachaca ) is a mountain in the south of the Paryaqaqa or Waruchiri mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 m ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Grey Lake is a glacially fed lake in Torres del Paine National Park , southern Chile .
The Lübbecke Loessland ( German : Lübbecker Lößland ) is a natural region that is mainly situated in northeastern North Rhine - Westphalia but with a small area also lying in the western part of Lower Saxony in Germany .
Värmlandstrafik AB is the public transport authority for Värmland , Sweden .
The Royal Danish Playhouse ( Danish : Skuespilhuset ) is a theatre building for the Royal Danish Theatre , situated on the harbour front in the Frederiksstaden neighbourhood of central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Kolonia - Łazy ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈwazɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Skala Oropou ( Greek : Σκάλα Ωρωπού ) is a community in East Attica , Greece , on the South Gulf of Euboea , due north of Athens .
Sibuguey Bay is a large bay of the Moro Gulf , situated off the southwestern coast of Mindanao Island in the Philippines .
Trefann Court is a small neighbourhood in the eastern part of downtown Toronto , Canada .
Pibari is a village in Türi Parish , Järva County in central Estonia .
The Autovía A-23 is a motorway in Aragon , Spain .
Landal is one of twelve civil parishes ( freguesias ) in the municipality of Caldas da Rainha , Portugal .
Kiselyovsk ( Russian : Киселёвск ) is a town in Kemerovo Oblast , Russia , located in the foothill belt of the Salair Ridge , at the source of the Aba River , 193 kilometers ( 120 mi ) south of Kemerovo .
Phansad Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife refuge in the Murud and Roha talukas of Raigad district , Maharashtra state , India .
The Asmara President 's Office is the building , in Italian neoclassical style , where the President of Eritrea lives and rules the country .
Artiža Vas ( pronounced ( aɾˈtiːʒa ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Artiža vas ) is a small village in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Buchanan 's Hotel ( nicknamed `` Buchs '' ) was a hotel on Sturt Street in the Townsville CBD , Australia .
The Simon Fraser University Pipe Band is a grade one pipe band affiliated with Simon Fraser University in Burnaby , British Columbia , Canada .
Formigal , officially Aramón Formigal , is a ski resort in the Aragon Pyrenees of northeastern Spain , near the town of Sallent de Gallego in the upper Tena Valley in the province of Huesca .
Tivoli World is an amusement park located in Benalmádena , Málaga , Spain , where the popular Spanish singer , Maria Isabel , performs regularly , with tickets selling for about 8 euros .
National Cycle Route 21 ( or NCR 21 ) is part of the United Kingdom 's National Cycle Network .
Saryshaghan is a town in Kazakhstan located on the coast of Lake Balkhash at Latitude ( DMS ) : 46 ° 7 ' 9 N Longitude ( DMS ) : 73 ° 37 ' 9 E in Karaganda Region .
Mattancherry ( Malayalam : മട്ടാഞ്ചേരി ) is a locality in the city of Kochi , India .
Abag Banner ( Mongolian : ᠠᠪᠠᠭ᠎ᠠ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Abaɣ - a qosiɣu ; Chinese : 阿巴嘎旗 ; pinyin : Ābāgā Qí ) is a county of Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
Nowy Życk ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈʐɨt͡sk ) ( German : Deutsch Zyck ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
WesBank Raceway was a motorsport facility situated at Germiston in the Gauteng province of South Africa .
Nova Sintra is a town in the central part of the island of Brava in southwestern Cape Verde .
Kemusuk is a village in the Argo Mulya area in the Sedayu subdistrict , Bantul Regency , Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
Katerynivka ( Ukrainian : Катеринівка , until 1944 Katerburg ) is a village and a former town in Western Ukraine .
Derwonaji ( also transliterated Derwernache ) is a town in eastern Ethiopia .
Plaridel Airport ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Plaridel ) ( IATA : PRB , ICAO : RPUX ) is an airport serving the general area of Plaridel , located in the province of Bulacan in the Philippines .
Ubay Poblacion is one of the 44 barangays of the municipality of Ubay , in the province of Bohol , Philippines .
Bandar Mas is a settlement town in Kota Tinggi District , Johor , Malaysia .
Deh - e Chahar Dari ( Persian : ده چها ردري‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Chahār Darī ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Ca Pierre is a village in the Arcahaie municipality of the Arcahaie , in the Ouest Department of Haiti .
Playa Kalki is a beach on the Caribbean island of Curaçao , also curiously known as `` Alice in Wonderland '' .
Ali Adde ( Somali : Cali Cadde , Arabic : أدى على‎ ) is a town in Djibouti .
Kōgoishi ( 神篭石 or 神籠石 ) are earthenwork structures , on a stone foundation , constructed in Japan during the Asuka period , particularly in areas around Fukuoka , on the island of Kyūshū .
Istgah - e Havashnasi ( Persian : ايستگاه هواشناسي‎ , also Romanized as Īstgāh - e Havāshnāsī ) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Razborca ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːzbɔɾtsa ) ) is a settlement in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Mislinja in northern Slovenia .
Khotiv is a village of the Kyiv - Sviatoshynsky district of Kyiv region of Ukraine , directly adjoins the urban boundary in the southwestern outskirts of Kyiv ( Golosiivsky region , Feofania ) .
Djemah is a town and sub - prefecture in the Haut - Mbomou Prefecture of the south - eastern Central African Republic .
Nartopa or Nartupa ( Urdu / Hindko : نرتوپہ ) is a village in Hazro Tehsil , Attock District in Punjab province , Pakistan .
Scania Arena is an arena in Duisburg , Germany which was named by Scania , the Swedish commercial vehicle manufacturer .
Plouaret ( Breton : Plouared ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Mieczki - Ziemaki ( ˈmjɛt͡ʂki ʑɛˈmaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The 1771 Great Yaeyama Tsunami ( also called 明和の大津波 , the Great Tsunami of Meiwa ) was caused by the Yaeyama Great Earthquake at about 8 A.M. on April 24 , 1771 , south - southeast of Ishigaki Island , part of the former Ryūkyū Kingdom and now forming part of present - day Okinawa , Japan .
Križevci pri Ljutomeru is a settlement in the Prlekija region in eastern Slovenia .
The Venediger Group is located in Austria in the federal states of Salzburg and Tyrol , and also in Italy in the region of Trentino - South Tyrol .
Laboe ( German pronunciation : ( laˈbøː ) ) is a municipality in the district of Plön , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Chróścin - Zamek ( ˈxruɕt͡ɕin ˈzamɛk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sierra Maestra is a mountain range that runs westward across the south of the old Oriente Province from what is now Guantánamo Province to Niquero in southeast Cuba , rising abruptly from the coast .
Duncraig Senior High School is an independent public high school located 18 kilometres north of Perth , Western Australia in the suburb of Duncraig .
Hermanus ( originally called Hermanuspietersfontein , but shortened as the name was too long for the postal service ) , is a town on the southern coast of the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Ługwałd ( ˈwuɡvau̯t ) ( German Hochwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
German submarine U-2513 was a Type XXI U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine , that was operated by the United States Navy for several years after World War II .
Khachig River ( Mongolian : Хачиг гол , Tick river ) is a river in the north west region of Mongolia .
Starposle ( Cyrillic : Старпосле ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Novoozerne ( Ukrainian : Новоозерне ; Russian : Новоозёрное , translit . Novoozyornoye ; Crimean Tatar : Novoozörnoye ) is an urban - type settlement in the Yevpatoria municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and incorporated by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
Oropi is a rural district located in the Bay of Plenty region of the North Island of New Zealand .
Padarvand - e Vosta ( Persian : پادروندوسطي‎ , also Romanized as Pādarvand - e Vosţá ; also known as Bādervand - e Vosţá ) is a village in Rumiani Rural District , Suri District , Rumeshkhan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Løkta is an island in the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county , Norway .
Srednja Bukova Gora ( pronounced ( ˈsɾeːdnja ˈbuːkɔʋa ˈɡɔːɾa ) ; German : Mitterbuchberg ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Shorashim ( Hebrew : שָׁרָשִׁים , שורשים , lit . Roots ) is a communal settlement in the Lower Galilee , in the Northern District of Israel .
Rushall Garden is a community garden situated on former railway land in Fitzroy North , Victoria in inner suburban Melbourne , Australia .
Kubaczyn ( kuˈbat͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Granowo , within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Choulou ( Greek : Χούλου ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 6 km west of Agios Fotios at an altitude of about 350 m above sea level .
L'Abergement - de - Varey is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France .
The Turbio River ( or Rio Turbio in Spanish ) rises in a mountainous region of the Argentine Andes and discharges to the Última Esperanza Sound in Chile .
Dežanovac ( Czech : Dežanovec ) is a village and a municipality in Bjelovar - Bilogora County , Croatia .
Haftvaneh ( Persian : هفتوانه‎ , also Romanized as Haftvāneh ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Floridia ( Sicilian : Ciuriddia ) is a town and comune in the Province of Syracuse , Sicily ( Italy ) .
Perumal Par , also known as Peremul Par , is an uninhabited coral atoll belonging to the Amindivi Subgroup of islands of the Union Territory of Lakshadweep , India .
Kombat ( the place of the giraffe ) is a mine and its associated settlement at the southern margin of the Otavi Mountain Range in northern Namibia .
Meremere is a small town in the northern Waikato region in the North Island of New Zealand .
Puncak Perdana is a main township in Petaling district in Selangor , Malaysia .
Mileh ( Persian : ميله‎ , also Romanized as Mīleh ) is a village in Dasht - e Sar Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sud - Bandama Region is a defunct region of Ivory Coast .
Munkegata Terminal is the main bus station in Trondheim , Norway .
Sandøy Church ( Norwegian : Sandøy kyrkje ) is a parish church in Sandøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Nordgeorgsfehn Canal ( German : Nordgeorgsfehnkanal or NGFK ) is a canal in East Frisia , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Calabor is a village belonging to Pedralba de la Pradería , to the south of the shire of Sanabria in the province of Zamora , Spain .
Savusavu is known as `` the hidden paradise of Fiji . ''
Hauna is a village in the province of Manicaland , Zimbabwe located in the Honde Valley communal land about 55 km north of Mutare . It is the Growth Point Centre for Mutasa District in Manicaland .
The Signal Box Inn is a public house in the seaside resort of Cleethorpes , United Kingdom .
Paşayiğit is a belde ( town ) in Keşan district of Edirne Province , Turkey .
Yurqunabad - e Sofla ( Persian : يورقون ابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Yūrqūnābād - e Soflá ) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mount Kunyit ( Indonesian : Gunung Kunyit , means : Turmeric Mountain ) is a fumarolic stratovolcano on Sumatra , Indonesia .
The Tenczyn Castle , otherwise known as the Tęczyn Castle , is a medieval castle in the Polish Jura , in the village of Rudno , Poland .
Itatiaia National Park ( Parque Nacional do Itatiaia ) , established in 1937 , is the oldest national park in Brazil .
Qovşudlu ( also , Kovshutlu ) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Aman Magan ( Persian : امان مگان‎ , also Romanized as Āmān Magān ; also known as Āmān Margān and Āmān Qal``eh ) is a village in Dorungar Rural District , Now Khandan District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 98 , in 24 families .
King Abdullah Economic City ( KAEC , /ˈkeɪk/ ; Arabic : مدينة الملك عبدالله الإقتصادية‎ ) is a megaproject announced in 2005 by Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud , the then king of Saudi Arabia .
Flinders Medical Centre is a 580 bed public teaching hospital and medical school , co - located with Flinders University and the 130 bed Flinders Private Hospital located at Bedford Park , South Australia .
The Tierser Tal ( also German : Tiersertal ; Italian : Val di Tires ( ˈval di ˈtiːres ) ) is a side valley of the Eisacktal in South Tyrol , Italy .
Manila Bay is a natural harbour which serves the Port of Manila ( on Luzon ) , in the Philippines .
Govejk ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈʋeːi̯k ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Cooks Creek is a stream of Antigua and Barbuda .
The Arama Caprelor River ( Hungarian : Feketerez - patak ) is a tributary of the Putna Noroioasă River in Romania .
The Freycinet Peninsula is a large peninsula located on the eastern coast of Tasmania , Australia .
Stara Sava ( pronounced ( ˈsaːʋa ) ; ' old Sava ' ) , also known as Sava , is a formerly autonomous settlement that is now part of the town of Jesenice , in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Mansoura University was founded in 1972 in Mansoura city , Egypt .
Le Transbordeur is a 1,800-seat concert hall located in Villeurbanne , France .
Rubber Island ( Gummiinsel ) is the nickname of an estate in the western part of Giessen ( Germany ) .
Köhnə Quşçu ( also , Köhnəquşçu , Këgna Kushchu , Kekhna - Kushchu , and Kogna - Kushchi ) is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Stirone is a small river of Emilia - Romagna in north Italy , a left tributary of the Taro , which it joins shortly before the latter enters the Po .
the Twic East County formerly known as Tui / twi / Twic is currently one of the counties of Jonglei State of South Sudan .
The 2007 Pan American Games , officially known as the XV Pan American Games , were a major continental multi - sport event that took place in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from July 13 to July 29 , 2007 .
Gniewkówiec ( ɡɲɛfˈkuvjɛt͡s ) ( German : Argendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Stuartholme School is a Catholic , day and boarding school for girls , located in Toowong , an inner suburb of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
The Arboretum Bad Grund ( 120 hectares ) , also known as Exotenwald and sometimes called the Arboretum des Forstamtes Grund or the Forstaboretum der Niedersächsischen Landesforstverwaltung , is an arboretum located along the B 242 federal highway near the Hübichenstein , northwest of Bad Grund , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Frank Maddock High School is a public high school located in the town of Drayton Valley , Alberta , Canada .
Hermann 's Cave ( German : Hermannshöhle ) , together with Baumann 's Cave , is one of two show caves in Rübeland near Wernigerode , Germany .
Lake Roxburgh is an artificial lake , created by the Roxburgh Dam , the earliest of the large hydroelectric projects in the southern South Island of New Zealand .
The Casino Mediceo di San Marco is a late - Renaissance or Mannerist style palace located on Via Cavour number 57 and via San Gallo in Florence , region of Tuscany , Italy .
Łuków Forest ( Polish : Lasy Łukowskie ) is the largest forest complex in South Podlachia Plain near Łuków in eastern Poland .
Zvërnec Islands is a group of two islands that are located within the Narta Lagoon in southern Albania .
The Torricelli Mountains are a mountain range in Sandaun Province , northwestern Papua New Guinea .
Prospect Cricket Club ( the `` Pirates '' ) are a Grade Cricket team located in Adelaide , South Australia .
Ypati ( Greek : Υπάτη ) is a village and a former municipality in Phthiotis , Greece .
Khvorzuq ( Persian : خورزوق‎ , also Romanized as Khvorzūq , Khowrzūq , Khowrz̄ūq , Khūrzūq , Khurzuq , and Khvor Z̄owq ; also known as Khorzūq , Khowrz̄ūg , and Khūzūq ) is a city in the Central District of Borkhar County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Capilla de Guadalupe is a city and municipality , in Jalisco in central - western Mexico .
Slovianoserbsk Raion ( Ukrainian : Слов’яносербський район ) is a raion ( district ) in Luhansk Oblast of eastern Ukraine .
The Bay of Tangier is a bay around Tangier on the Mediterranean in northern Morocco .
Butare ( Kinyarwanda : ( butɑ́ɾe ) ) is a city ( population : 77,000 as of August 2002 ) in the Southern Province of Rwanda and capital of Huye district .
Mega Dereio ( Greek : Μέγα Δέρειο ) is a village in the central part of the Evros regional unit in Greece .
Waiye ( Somali : Waaciye ) is a town in the Bari province of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia .
Hati Rural District ( Persian : دهستان حتی‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Hati District , Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lake Mariout ( Arabic : بحيرة مريوط‎ Boḥēret Maryūṭ , IPA : ( boˈħeːɾet mɑɾˤˈjuːtˤ ) ) , also spelled Maryut or Mariut , is a brackish lake in northern Egypt .
The Franco - Swiss Company ( French : Compagnie Franco - Suisse , FS ) was a former railway company in Switzerland , formed in 1859 and absorbed into the Western Swiss Railways in 1872 .
Bangka Strait is the strait that separates the island of Sumatra from Bangka Island ( Palau Banka ) in the Java Sea , Indonesia .
Alanngorsuup Sermia ( old spelling : Alángorsûp Sermia ) is a tidewater glacier in the Qaasuitsup municipality on the northwestern shore of Greenland .
Konibodom ( Tajik : Конибодом ; Persian : کانی‌بادام‎ ) is a city and jamoat in the Sughd province of northern Tajikistan , in western Fergana Valley .
On March 24 , 2005 , the Lions Gate Bridge was designated a National Historic Site of Canada .
Canadian Immigrant is a free monthly magazine and daily website for newcomers to Canada .
Łysica ( ˈwɨˈɕit͡sa ) is the highest mountain in Świętokrzyskie Mountains of Poland .
The Danube - Ipoly National Park is one of the most diverse national parks in Hungary .
Verkh - Borovlyanka ( Russian : Верх-Боровля́нка ) is a rural locality ( a settlement ) in Rebrikhinsky District of Altai Krai , Russia , located on the Priobskoye Plateau .
Col de Méraillet ( el . 1605 m. ) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Savoie in France ; it belongs to the commune of Beaufort .
The Tosor River ( Kyrgyz : Тосор ) is a river in Tong District and Jeti - Oguz District of Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Chaiyanam ( Thai : ชัยนาม ) is a subdistrict in the Wang Thong District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Kaadedhdhoo Airport ( IATA : KDM , ICAO : VRMT ) is a domestic airport on the island of Kaadedhdhoo in Gaafu Dhaalu ( South Huvadhu ) atoll , Maldives .
Tol - e Meshkin ( Persian : تل مشكين‎ , also Romanized as Tol - e Meshkīn ; also known as Tol - e Meshgī ) is a village in Bakesh - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Shah Abd ol Azim ( Persian : شاه عبدالعظيم‎ , also Romanized as Shāh `` Abd ol `` Az̧īm ) is a village in Shurab - e Tangazi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 21 , in 6 families .
Fort Hubberstone , on the west side of Milford Haven , Pembrokeshire , is a Grade II * Listed Building which belongs to a series of forts built as part of the inner line of defence of the Haven following the Royal Commission on the Defence of the United Kingdom .
Azarcheh ( Persian : اذرچه‎ , also Romanized as Āẕarcheh ; also known as Bālā Āẕarcheh ) is a village in Tutaki Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Kłodawa Salt Mine ( Polish : Kopalnia Soli Kłodawa , KSK ) is the biggest operating salt mine in Poland .
The Small Jamuna River ( Bengali : ছোট যমুনা নদী ) is a river in North Bengal , Bangladesh .
Makhmur District is a district in Iraqi Kurdistan , between the Erbil Governorate and the Nineveh Governorate , Iraq .
Soroti is the main municipal , commercial , and administrative centre of Soroti District in the Eastern Region of Uganda , lying near Lake Kyoga .
Machon Ayalon was an underground bullet factory , located on Kibbutz Hill in Rehovot , Israel .
Steske ( pronounced ( ˈsteːskɛ ) ) is a small settlement in western Slovenia in the Municipality of Nova Gorica .
Xinghe County ( Mongolian : ᠰᠢᠩᠾᠧ ᠰᠢᠶᠠᠨ Siŋhė siyan ; simplified Chinese : 兴和县 ; traditional Chinese : 興和縣 ; pinyin : Xīnghé Xiàn ) is a county of south - central Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China , bordering the provinces of Hebei to the east and Shanxi to the south .
Lewków ( ˈlɛfkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Menelaida ( Greek : Μενελαΐδα ) is a former municipality in the Karditsa regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Oteševo ( Macedonian : Отешево ) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia .
Kemaman Port is a major seaport located on the east coast of Malaysia in the state of Terengganu .
Penmarc'h or Penmarch is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Piliki ( piˈliki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Antigua Caribbean Liberation Movement , a radical socialist and Pan - African political party in Antigua and Barbuda .
Corral de comedias de Almagro ( `` Comedy theatre of Almagro '' ) is located at Plaza Mayor in Almagro , Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
Lacryma Christi , ( also Lachryma Christi of Vesuvius , literally `` tears of Christ '' ) , is the name of a celebrated Neapolitan type of wine produced on the slopes of Mount Vesuvius in Campania , Italy .
The Collegiata di San Martino is a Renaissance - style , Roman Catholic collegiate church in the center of Sinalunga , province of Siena , region of Tuscany , Italy .
The Biu Plateau is a highland area in Northeastern Nigeria containing many recently extinct volcanoes .
Vincent Massey Junior School ( Vincent Massey JS , VMJS or Massey , in actuality , Vincent Massey Public School ) is located at 68 Daisy Avenue West in Long Branch area of Toronto , Canada .
Stadium MRT Station ( CC6 ) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Circle Line in Kallang , Singapore .
As of 2011 India , Hinjilicut had a population of 25,092 ( 2nd biggest town after Brahmapur city in Ganjam District ) .
Corat ( also , Jorat and Dzhorat ) is a village and municipality in Sumqayit , Azerbaijan .
Beit Hashmonai ( Hebrew : בֵּית חַשְׁמוֹנַאי , lit . Hasmonean House ) is a Jewish locality in central Israel .
Ubundu , formerly known as Ponthierville or Ponthierstad , is a city located in Tshopo District of Orientale Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Bjørnøy Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Bjørnøy fyr ) is a lighthouse in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county , Norway .
Kellidie Bay Conservation Park is a protected area located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia immediately east of Coffin Bay and immediately adjoining the south coast of Kellidie Bay .
Wacławów - Gajówka ( vat͡sˈwavuf ɡaˈjufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Ponte Nomentano ( called Pons Lamentanus in the Middle Ages ) is a Roman bridge in Rome , Italy , which carried the Via Nomentana over the Aniene ( Latin : Anio ) .
Manta Rota is a small seaside town in the civil parish of Vila Nova de Cacela , municipality of Vila Real de Santo António , in the Algarve , Portugal .
Lake Vodlozero ( Russian : Водлозеро , Finnish : Vodlajärvi ) is a large freshwater lake in the southeastern part of the Republic of Karelia , Russia .
Roots Ivy International University is a university college affiliated with University of London International Programmes in Rawalpindi , Pakistan .
Westerstetten is a village in the district of Alb - Donau in Baden - Württemberg in Germany .
Enemorina Eaner ( `` Enemor and Eaner '' ) is one of the woredas in the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region of Ethiopia .
La Grande Borne is a housing estate , in the Essonne département on the southern outskirts of Paris , France .
Žubejevo ( pronounced ( ʒu'bɛːjɛʋɔ ) or ( ʒu'beːjɛʋɔ ) ) is a small dispersed settlement above the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Chang Almas ( Persian : چنگ الماس‎ , also Romanized as Chang Almās ; also known as Changamās , Changarmās , and Changmās ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Blackstone & Co. was a farm implement maker at Stamford , Lincolnshire , United Kingdom .
Beit Nekofa ( Hebrew : בֵּית נְקוֹפָה ) is a moshav in the Jerusalem District of Israel .
Nytorget is a square on Södermalm , a district of Stockholm , Sweden .
Heřmanův Městec ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɦɛr̝manuːf ˈmɲɛstɛts ) ; German : Hermanmiestetz , Hermannstädt(e)l ) is a town in Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Pomietów ( pɔˈmjɛtuf ) ( formerly German Pumptow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolice , within Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
A.J. Freiman Limited , or Freimans ( FREE - mənz ) , was a landmark department store on Rideau Street in Ottawa , Canada , founded in 1918 by Archibald J. Freiman .
Nova Kinosenter is a cinema located in the city of Trondheim in Norway .
Šlovrenc ( pronounced ( ˈʃloːu̯ɾɛnts ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia , close to the border with Italy .
Queen 's University Belfast has its roots in the Belfast Academical Institution , which was founded in 1810 , one of the United Kingdom 's 10 oldest universities , and remains as the Royal Belfast Academical Institution .
Koczarki ( kɔˈt͡ʂarki ) ( German Kotzargen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chalmeh Kandi ( Persian : چالمه كندي‎ , also Romanized as Chālmeh Kandī ; also known as Chalmā , Chalmā Kandī , Chalmā Kendī , and Chālmeh ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Cross for Military Valour ( French : Croix de la Valeur Militaire ) is a military decoration of France .
Accélérateur Grand Louvre d'analyse élémentaire ( AGLAE ) is a particle accelerator housed in the Louvre museum in Paris , France .
Tryokhgorny ( Russian : Трёхго́рный , lit . ( a town of ) three mountains ) is a closed town in Chelyabinsk Oblast , Russia , located in the western part of the oblast 200 kilometers ( 120 mi ) from Chelyabinsk .
Tuleh Sara ( Persian : توله سرا‎ , also Romanized as Ţūleh Sarā ; also known as Ţūl Sarā ) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District , Dehferi District , Fereydunkenar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kokkuthoduvai or Kokkuththoduvai ( pronounced Kokkuth - thodu - vai ) is a Town in the Mullaitivu District , Sri Lanka .
Diavlo is a steel roller coaster at Himeji Central Park in Japan which is a clone of Batman the Ride .
The Copa Constitució or Andorran Cup is the national football cup competition in Andorra organized by the Andorran Football Federation .
Turtle Tower ( Vietnamese : Tháp Rùa ) , also called Tortoise Tower is a small tower in the middle of Sword Lake , Hanoi , Vietnam .
Bunken railway halt ( Danish : Bunken Trinbræt ) is a railway halt located in the southern part of Bunken Plantation south of Skagen in Vendsyssel , Denmark .
Región de Murcia International Airport is an airport recently constructed in the municipality of Murcia ( Spain ) , whose works began in July 2008 and which was expected to be operational before the end of 2013 .
Diatali is a village in Kalaskati Union of Bakerganj Upazila , Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern - central Bangladesh .
Schlettau is a town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis , in Saxony in Germany .
Brezovica na Bizeljskem ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzɔʋitsa na biˈzeːlskɛm ) ; in older sources also Brezje , German : Birkdorf ) is a settlement south of Bizeljsko in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Alucheh - ye Sabalan ( Persian : الوچه سبلان‎ , also Romanized as Ālūcheh - ye Sabalān ) is a village in the Sabalan District of Sareyn County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Męcina Mała ( mɛnˈt͡ɕina ˈmawa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sękowa , within Gorlice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Lemberg ( Stuttgart ) is a hill , 384 metres high , in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Bagneux British Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery in the département of the Somme , in Picardy in northern France .
Kathekani is a dryland farming area in Kenya 's Eastern Province .
The Nature Reserve of Ghirardi is a 370-hectare ( 910-acre ) nature reserve located in the Province of Parma , Emilia - Romagna , Italy .
Wasita ( al - Wasīṭâ ) ( Arabic : الوسيطة‎ ) is a Basic People 's Congress administrative division of Bayda , Libya .
Charters Towers is a city in northern Queensland , Australia .
Vagazin ( Azerbaijani : Vaqazin ) is a village in Lachin district of Azerbaijan .
Lagro High School ( Tagalog : Paaralang Sekundarya ng Lagro ) is a public high school in the Lagro District of Quezon City in Metro Manila , Philippines .
The Mt Cattlin mine is a spodumene - tantalite mine 2.2 kilometres ( 1.4 mi ) north of Ravensthorpe , Western Australia .
The Hacienda San José Chactún is a hacienda located in the State of Yucatán in Mexico .
La Gare de Saint - Louis - la - Chaussée is a railway station serving the community of Saint - Louis - la - Chaussée ( Neuweg ) in the north of the commune of Saint - Louis , Alsace , France .
Kostelec nad Labem ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkostɛlɛts ˈnadlabɛm ) ; German : Elbekosteletz ) is a town in Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Stadsbibliotheek Haarlem ( Haarlem Public Library ) is a collective name for all public libraries in the Haarlem area of the Netherlands .
The A115 autoroute is a motorway in Île - de - France in France .
Chodubka ( xɔˈdupka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuczbork - Osada , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ak Toba is the name of a village and settlement in Afghanistan on the Kunduz River , 3 miles upstream of Kunda Guzar and about 32 miles southwest of Hazrat - i - Imam .
Rough Tor ( /ˈraʊtər/ ROW - ter ) , or Roughtor , is a tor on Bodmin Moor , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The San Cristobal River ( Tagalog : Ilog ng San Cristobal ) is a river system in the cities of Calamba and Cabuyao , Laguna , Philippines .
The University of the Arts Bremen ( German : Hochschule für Künste Bremen , HfK Bremen ) is a public university in Bremen , Germany .
Mahabad Agricultural Training Camp ( Persian : مركزاموزش كشاورزي مهابادوپادگان‎ -- Markazāmūzseh - ye Keshāvarzī - ye Mahābād va Pādegān ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Banskandi is a Block level area in Cachar district , Assam , India , almost 13 km from Silchar .
Radawczyk ( raˈdaft͡ʂɨk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedrzwica Duża , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Amaxades ( Greek : Αμαξάδες , Turkish : Arabacıköy ) is a village and a former community in the Rhodope regional unit , East Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
Bobieding is a small Aboriginal community , located 120 km north of Broome in the Kimberley Region of Western Australia , within the Shire of Broome .
Adyanpara Falls is a cascading waterfall in the Kurmbalangodu village of Nilambur taluk in Kerala , India .
Dzenzursky ( Russian : Дзензурский ) is a stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Caucasus University is a privately held university in Georgia , Caucasus .
Malchin Peak ( Mongolian : Малчин оргил , lit . `` herder peak '' ) is the one of five peaks of the Tavan Bogd mountain on the Mongolia - Russian border .
The Promenade de la Croisette ( pronounced : ( pʀɔmənad də la kʁwazɛt ) ) ( or Boulevard de la Croisette ) is a prominent road in Cannes , France .
At its best MoonTV could reach 1.3 million potential viewers in the 12 biggest cities across Finland .
Misamis Occidental Aquamarine Park is a tropical resort and a prominent habitat for various marine mammals in Mindanao , Philippines .
Crastatt ( German : Krastatt ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Təndul ( also , Təndül ) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Hung Yen University of Technology and Education ( Vietnamese : Trường Đại học Sư phạm kỹ thuật Hưng Yên ) is a government - funded university in Hưng Yên Province , Vietnam .
Porkhov ( Russian : По́рхов ) is a town and the administrative center of Porkhovsky District in Pskov Oblast , Russia , located on the Shelon River , 75 kilometers ( 47 mi ) east of Pskov , the administrative center of the oblast .
Formentera ( Catalan pronunciation : ( furmənˈteɾə ) , Spanish : ( formenˈteɾa ) ) is the smaller and more southerly island of the Pityusic Islands group ( comprising Ibiza and Formentera , as well as various small islets ) , which belongs to the Balearic Islands autonomous community ( Spain ) .
Pont basculant de la Seyne - sur - Mer is a former bascule bridge in La Seyne - sur - Mer in France .
Nøstvik Church ( also known as Velfjord Church ) ( Norwegian : Nøstvik kirke or Velfjord kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Brønnøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Vrashka Chuka ( Bulgarian : Връшка чука ) or Vrška čuka ( Serbian : Вршка чука , Vrška čuka , pronounced ( ʋr̩̂ːʃkaː tʃûka ) ) is a peak in the Balkan Mountains , situated on the border between Bulgaria and Serbia .
Shangombo District with headquarters at Shangombo is located in Zambia .
Valle de la Pascua is the capital city of the autonomous municipality of Leonardo Infante , Guárico , Venezuela .
Nippur was located in modern Nuffar in Afak , Al - Qādisiyyah Governorate , Iraq .
Milluqucha ( Quechua millu salty / aluminum sulfate used to dye something , qucha lake , hispanicized spelling Millococha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region , Huancavelica Province , Acobambilla District .
Himatangi is a small settlement in the Manawatu - Wanganui region of New Zealand 's North Island .
COWI A / S is an international consulting group , specialising in engineering , environmental science and economics , based in Lyngby , Denmark .
Garmeh ( Persian : گرمه‎‎ , formerly Persian : گرمه ‎‎ - Garmeh ) is a city in and the capital of Garmeh County in North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Château Cantemerle is a winery in the Haut - Médoc appellation of the Bordeaux wine region of France , in the commune of Macau .
Qushqovan - e Olya ( Persian : قوشقوان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Qūshqovān - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 75 , in 14 families .
Margeride ( In Occitan Marjarida ) is a mountainous region of France , situated in the Massif Central , inside the départements of Cantal , Haute - Loire and Lozère .
Barseh ( Persian : برسه‎ , also Romanized as Baraseh ) is a village in Do Hezar Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ramathibodi Hospital ( Thai : โรงพยาบาลรามาธิบดี ) is a university hospital of the Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital or Ramathibodi Hospital Faculty of Medicine which is a faculty within Mahidol University and the fourth oldest medical school in Thailand .
Grabina Wielka ( ɡraˈbina ˈvjɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Škocjan Caves ( pronounced ( ˈʃkɔːtsjan ) ; Slovene : Škocjanske jame , Italian : Grotte di San Canziano ) is a cave system in Slovenia .
Hoseyn Pump Complex ( Persian : تلمبه خواجه حسيني‎ -- Tolombeh - ye Khvājeh Ḩoseynī ) is a village and company town in Mosaferabad Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Paramé is a former town and commune of France on the north coast of Brittany .
Algorfa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( alˈɣorfa ) ) is a small town in the Costa Blanca area of Spain .
Mārupe is a village in and the centre of Mārupe municipality , Latvia .
Knyki ( ˈknɨkʲi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Shaybah Airport is a small airfield located in the remote Shaybah oil complex in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia .
Karmsund Bridge ( Norwegian : Karmsund bru ) is a bridge over the Karmsundet strait in Rogaland county , Norway .
Iaal ( Arabic : ايعال‎ , also spelt as Ī`āl , Iäal or I’aal ) is an ancient village in northern Lebanon .
Briggs Islet is a small granite island , with an area of 3.4 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
Small Vraca ( Albanian : Vraca e Vogël ; Macedonian : Мало Враца Malo Vraca , Serbian : Мала Враца Mala Vraca ) is a peak of the Šar Mountains located in Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia .
The Furnas Dam is a hydroelectric dam in the Minas Gerais state of Brazil .
Stambelići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Стамбелићи ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Lake Bafa or Lake Bafa Nature Park ( Turkish : Bafa Gölü Tabiat Parkı ) is a lake and a nature reserve situated in southwestern Turkey , part of it within the boundaries of Milas district of Muğla Province and the northern part within Aydın Province 's Söke district .
Surazh ( Russian : Сураж ) is a town and the administrative center of Surazhsky District in Bryansk Oblast , Russia , located on the Iput River 177 kilometers ( 110 mi ) southwest of Bryansk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Qarshi ( Uzbek : Qarshi / Қарши ; Persian : نخشب / Nakhshab‎‎ ; Russian : Karshi / Карши ) is a city in southern Uzbekistan .
Ávila Railway Station ( IATA : AVS ) is the central railway station of Ávila , Spain .
The 2001 European Judo Championships were the 12th edition of the European Judo Championships , and were held in Paris , France from 18 May to 20 May 2001 .
Aquarium Finisterrae ( Aquarium of the end of the World ) is an aquarium located in A Coruña , Galicia , Spain .
The Sarcofagi of Carajía are unusually large sarcofagi in Carajía , Peru .
The Gurghiu Mountains ( Romanian : Munții Gurghiu , Hungarian : Görgény , German : Rosengraben ) are a range in the Căliman - Harghita Mountains of the Eastern Carpathians , Romania , in the Transylvania region .
The Captain James Cook Memorial was built by the Commonwealth Government to commemorate the Bicentenary of Captain James Cook 's first sighting of the east coast of Australia .
Stockholm Mean Machines is an American Football team based in Stockholm , Sweden .
Henson Park is a multi purpose sports ground in Marrickville , New South Wales , Australia .
The Bliggspitze is a mountain in the Kaunergrat group of the Ötztal Alps in Austria .
FK Drita ( Macedonian : ФК Дрита ) is a football club based in the village Bogovinje near Tetovo , Republic of Macedonia .
Delhi Public School , Gwalior opened in Gwalior , India , on July 3 , 2006 .
Germi ( Persian : گرمي‎‎ , also Romanized as Germī and Garmī ; also known as Garmi Ejarood ) is a city in and the capital of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Sabzazar situated in Lahore , Pakistan .
Potaśnia ( pɔˈtaɕɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów , within Ostrzeszów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Tomaree Battery ( Fort Tomaree ) was an artillery battery located on the southern side of the entrance to Port Stephens at Tomaree Head , New South Wales , Australia .
Pogradec is a city and municipality in southeastern Albania , situated on the shores of Ohrid lake .
Bunara ( Cyrillic : Бунара ) is a village in the municipality of Petrovac , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Shahrak - e Sofla ( Persian : شهرك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Soflá ; also known as Shārāk - e Pā’īn , Sharīkeh Pāin , and Sharīkeh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Khosrowabad Rural District , Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Department for Work and Pensions v Information Commissioner was a 2013 first - tier tribunal case in the United Kingdom .
Pukhavichy Raion ( Puchavičy District ) is a second - level administrative subdivision ( raion ) of Belarus in the east of Minsk Voblast .
The Ōnawe Peninsula is a volcanic plug inside Akaroa Harbour , on Banks Peninsula in Canterbury , New Zealand .
Wainwright High School ( also known as WHS ) is a public high school for grades 7 - -12 in Wainwright , Alberta , Canada .
Ocna Mureș ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˌokna ˈmureʃ ) ; Latin : Salinae , Hungarian : Marosújvár , German : Miereschhall ) is a town in Alba County , Romania , located in the north - eastern corner of the county , near the Mureș River , with a population of 15,503 inhabitants as of 2002 .
Agarpara is a place in north Kolkata and under Khardah police stations of Barrackpore City Police under Barrackpore subdivision and Kolkata city of the state of West Bengal in India .
Sarhulan ( Persian : سرهولان‎ , also Romanized as Sarhūlān ) is a village in Mangur - e Sharqi Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Jean Talon Building is a federal government office building in Ottawa , Canada .
The Tubas Red Sand mine is a large open pit mine located in the western part of Namibia in Erongo Region .
Thomas Erichsens Minde is a landmark estate and Manor house located on the isle of Askøy outside Bergen , on the west coast of Norway .
Tebourba ( Tunisian Arabic : طبربة‎ ṫbūrbā ) is a town in Tunisia , located about 20 miles ( 30 km ) from the capital Tunis , former Ancient city ( Thuburbo Minus ) and bishopric , now a Latin Catholic titular see .
The 1 August 2007 Baghdad bombings occurred on 1 August 2007 , when several suicide bombings and car bombings occurred in Baghdad , the capital of Iraq .
Biathlon at the 2014 Winter Olympics was held at the Laura Biathlon & Ski Complex near Krasnaya Polyana , Russia .
The Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue of Montreal also known as Shearith Israel is a Montreal synagogue , located on St. Kevin Street in Snowdon , which is the oldest Jewish congregation in Canada .
Dancenorth is a contemporary dance company based in Townsville , North Queensland , Australia .
Sacatepéquez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sakateˈpekes ) ) was a city in Guatemala from November 21 , 1542 until July 29 , 1773 when it was destroyed by the Santa Marta earthquake .
The Clinique Ambroise Paré is a hospital in Conakry , Guinea , is considered to be the best hospital in the country .
The Canadian Museum of History ( French : Musée canadien de l’histoire , formerly the Canadian Museum of Civilization ) is Canada 's national museum of human history .
Semarang Poncol railway station ( Dutch : Pontjol ) is a historic railway station in Semarang , Indonesia .
Adyge - Khablsky District ( Russian : Ады́ге-Ха́бльский райо́н ; Karachay - Balkar : Адыге-Хабль район ; Kabardian : Адыгэ-Хьэблэ район ; Abaza : Адыгьа-ХӀабльа район ; Nogay : Адыге-хабльдын району ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the ten in the Karachay - Cherkess Republic , Russia .
Änge ( from Old Norse engi ' meadow ' ) is a locality situated in Krokom Municipality , Jämtland County , Sweden with 314 inhabitants in 2010 .
Gawdawpalin Temple ( Burmese : ကောတော့ပလ္လင်ဘုရား , IPA : ( ɡɔ́dɔ̰pəlɪ̀ɴ pʰəjá ) ) is a Buddhist temple located in Bagan , Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Loznica ( Serbian : Лозница , pronounced ( lǒznit͡sa ) ) is a city located in western Serbia , in the Mačva District .
Shkodër ( definite Albanian form : Shkodra , for other names see the etymology section ) , is a city and municipality in northwestern Albania and the seat of the county with the same name .
Perom ( Persian : پرم‎ ; also known as Parūm and Perūm ) is a village in Irandegan Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Grabów nad Pilicą ( ˈɡrabuf ˌnat piˈlit͡sɔ̃ ) is a village in Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The 2011 KNSB Dutch Super Sprint Championships in speed skating were held at the IJsbaan Twente ice stadium in Enschede , Netherlands at 19 February 2011 .
Ring Knutstorp is a motor racing circuit in Kågeröd , Sweden .
Békéscsaba ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈbeːkeːʃt͡ʃɒbɒ ) ; see also other alternative names ) is a city in Southeast Hungary , the capital of the county Békés .
The Natural Science Museum is a museum located in Victoria , on the island of Gozo , Malta , open to public since 1991 .
Alldays Airport ( IATA : ADY , ICAO : FAAL ) is an airport serving Alldays , a town in the Limpopo province in South Africa .
Sloping Island , incorporating the adjacent Sloping Reef , is an island nature reserve , with an area of 117 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
FK 11 Oktomvri ( Macedonian : ФК 11 Октомври ) is a football club from Prilep , Republic of Macedonia .
Ulawa Airport is an airport in Arona on Ulawa Island in the Solomon Islands ( IATA : RNA , ICAO : AGAR ) .
SLNS Parakrama is a Sri Lanka Navy shore establishment sited on Flagstaff Street in Colombo , in close proximity to the Colombo Lighthouse .
The Gran Teatro Falla is a theater in the city of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain .
Kamyaran County ( Persian : شهرستان کامیاران‎‎ , Kurdish : Kamyaran - کامیاران‎ ) is a county in Kordestan Province in Iran .
Parallel Creek is a creek in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Petauke is a town and seat of Petauke District located in the Eastern Province of Zambia .
The Holy Trinity Cathedral of Tbilisi ( Georgian : თბილისის წმინდა სამების საკათედრო ტაძარი Tbilisis cminda samebis sakatedro tadzari ) commonly known as Sameba ( Georgian : სამება for Trinity ) is the main cathedral of the Georgian Orthodox Church located in Tbilisi , the capital of Georgia .
The Sainte - Chapelle ( French pronunciation : ​(sɛ̃t ʃapɛl ) , Holy Chapel ) is a royal medieval Gothic chapel , located near the Palais de la Cité , on the Île de la Cité in the heart of Paris , France .
Lintuvaara ( Finnish ) or Fågelberga ( Swedish ) is a district of Espoo , a city in Finland .
Fesenduz ( Persian : فسندوز‎ , also Romanized as Fesendūz , Fesandooz , Fesandūz , and Fesondūz ; also known as Pīr Sodūz and Sulduz ) is a village in Marhemetabad - e Miyani Rural District , Marhemetabad District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sorø Academy ( Danish , Sorø Akademi ) is a boarding school and gymnasium located in the small town of Sorø , Denmark .
Ghoslak ( Persian : غسلك‎ ) is a village in Zangvan Rural District , Karezan District , Sirvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Blåbärskullen transmitter ( Swedish : Blåbärskullenmasten ) is a facility for FM / TV - broadcasting at Sunne in Sweden , which went in service on September 2 , 1960 .
Gzhelskogo kirpichnogo zavoda ( Russian : Гже́льского кирпи́чного заво́да ) is a rural locality ( a settlement ) in Ramensky District of Moscow Oblast , Russia .
Zeila District ( Somali : Degmada Saylac ) is a district of the Awdal region in northwestern Somalia .
Hedayatabad ( Persian : هدايت اباد‎ , also Romanized as Hedāyatābād ) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kolding Storcenter is a shopping mall in the town of Kolding in Southern Denmark .
Kierlikówka ( kʲɛrliˈkufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzciana , within Bochnia County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Hesarlu ( Persian : حصارلو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşārlū ) is a village in Ajorluy - ye Sharqi Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Meiji Dam ( Japanese : 明治ダム ) is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1993 .
Mostar ( Cyrillic : Мостар ) is a city and municipality in southern Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Lake Poopó ( Spanish : Lago Poopó ) was a large saline lake located in a shallow depression in the Altiplano Mountains in Bolivia at an altitude of approximately 3,700 metres .
Valderrey ( Spanish pronunciation : ( baldeˈrei ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Gornji Suhor pri Vinici ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnji ˈsuːxɔɾ pɾi ˈʋiːnitsi ) ; German : Obersuchor ) is a village on the route from Dragatuš to Vinica in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Močenok ( Hungarian : Mocsonok ) is a village and municipality in Šaľa District , in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Derrybrien is a tiny village in County Galway , Ireland .
Ratanice ( rataˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernichów , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Delhi Institute of Tool Engineering ( DITE ) is a Delhi State Government Engineering college located in the Wazirpur Industrial Area of New Delhi , India .
Royal Villa of Durrës , also known as Zog 's Villa of Durrës ( Albanian : Vila mbretërore e Durrësit ) was the summer villa of King Zog in Durrës , Albania .
Marnes - la - Coquette ( pronounced ( maʁnə la kokɛt ) ) is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris , France .
The Neamț Monastery ( Romanian : Mănăstirea Neamț ) is a Romanian Orthodox religious settlement , one of the oldest and most important of its kind in Romania .
Anini ( Hindi : अनिनी ) is the headquarters of the Dibang Valley district in the state of Arunachal Pradesh in Northeast India .
Rrencë is a village in the former municipality Guri i Zi , northern Albania .
Loreto Normanhurst is a private , Roman Catholic , day and boarding school for girls , located in Normanhurst , a suburb on the upper North Shore of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Miróbriga ( Mirobriga Celticorum ) is an ancient Roman town located near the village and civil parish of Santiago do Cacém , in the municipality of the same name in the south - west of Portugal .
Museo Universitario de Artes Populares María Teresa Pomar is a museum dedicated to Mexico 's handcrafts and folk art tradition , called `` artesanía . ''
Macahambus Cave is a scenic cave in the Misamis Oriental province , part of Cagayan de Oro , in the Philippines .
Calakmul was a major Maya power within the northern Petén Basin region of the Yucatán Peninsula of southern Mexico .
Åkviksundet Bridge ( Norwegian : Åkviksundet bru ) is a box girder bridge that crosses the Åkviksundet strait between the islands of Dønna and Staulen in Nordland county , Norway .
The Lemon Bucket Orkestra is a Canadian self - described `` Balkan - Klezmer - Gypsy - Party - Punk - Super Band '' based in Toronto , Canada .
Vranovača ( Serbian Cyrillic : Врановача ) is a village in Croatia .
Trutnov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtrutnof ) ; German : Trautenau ) is a city in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic .
Agh Bolagh - e Sofla ( Persian : اغ بلاغ سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Āgh Bolāgh - e Soflá ; also known as Āgh Bolāgh - e Pā’īn and Āq Bolāgh - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Strykówko ( strɨˈkufkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stęszew , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Piętacz ( ˈpjɛntat͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nakło nad Notecią , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Zverosovkhoz ( Russian : Зверосовхо́з ) is a rural locality ( an inhabited locality ) under the administrative jurisdiction of the urban - type settlement of Kildinstroy in Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located on the Kola Peninsula beyond the Arctic Circle .
Chorbogh ( Persian : چهارباغ ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
The Shire of Boonah was a local government area in South East Queensland , Australia , about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) southwest of Brisbane .
Edificio Lapido is a building on the 18 de Julio Avenue in Centro , Montevideo , Uruguay .
Cappadocia ( /kæpəˈdoʊʃə/ ; also Capadocia ; Turkish : Kapadokya , Greek : Καππαδοκία Kappadokía , from Ancient Greek : Καππαδοκία , from Old Persian : Katpatuka ; Armenian : Գամիրք ( Gamirq ) ) is a historical region in Central Anatolia , largely in the Nevşehir , Kayseri , Aksaray , and Niğde Provinces in Turkey .
The People 's Majlis is the unicameral legislative body of the Maldives .
Liaoning University of Petroleum and Chemical Technology ( Chinese : 辽宁石油化工大学 ; pinyin : Liáoníng Shíyóu Huàgōng Dàxué ) is a university in Fushun , Liaoning , People 's Republic of China under the provincial government .
Pars - e Jonubi - ye Do ( Persian : پارس جنوبي 2‎ , also Romanized as Pārs - e Jonūbī - ye Do ) is a village in Central District , Asaluyeh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Lake Boonderoo is an ephemeral freshwater lake located in the Goldfields - Esperance region of Western Australia .
Mozang Chungi or Mozang is an area in Lahore , Pakistan .
Baekunsan ( lit . White Cloud Mountain ) is a mountain located in Duseomyeon , Ulju County , Ulsan , South Korea .
Duraq ( Persian : دورق‎ , also Romanized as Dūraq ; also known as Dūrag ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Nuñomoral is the head village of a municipality of the same name located in the center of the comarca of Las Hurdes , province of Cáceres , Extremadura , Spain .
The Grande - Rivière railway station is located on Rue du Parc in the city of Grande - Rivière , Quebec , Canada .
Rue Saint - Malo is a paved street in Brest , France .
Blanche Rock is a 0.07 ha dolerite islet in south - eastern Australia .
The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ( MEND ) is one of the largest militant groups in the Niger Delta region of Nigeria .
The Ballarat Showgrounds ( officially Ballarat Showgrounds and Recreation Reserve ) is a multi - purpose venue in Wendouree , a suburb of Ballarat , Victoria , Australia owned by the City of Ballarat and since 1934 , the home of the Ballarat Show , an agricultural show which since 2010 has had its own public holiday in Ballarat .
Koforidua , also popularly known as K - dua , is a city and capital of Eastern Region in south Ghana .
Mujiliao Station ( Chinese : 木履寮車站 ; pinyin : Mùlǚliáo Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Alishan Forest Railway Line located in Zhuqi Township , Chiayi County , Taiwan .
The municipality of Moxa forms part of the Saale - Orla district in Thuringia , Germany .
Colonia Lapin is a settlement located near the town of Rivera in the southwest region of the Province of Buenos Aires , Argentina , in the Municipality of Adolfo Alsina .
Slano ( Islana in Italian ) is a village in southern Croatia with a small harbour in the bay of the same name .
Petrie Island is an island situated in the Ottawa River in the eastern part of the city of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Kajuiyeh ( Persian : كجوييه‎ , also Romanized as Kajūīyeh ; also known as Kowjū’īyeh ) is a village in Dehaj Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Los Altares Valley ( Valle de los Altares ) , also called Las Ruinas Valley ( Valle de las Ruinas ) is a valley in central Chubut Province in southern Argentina .
The Dongen Formation ( Dutch : Formatie van Dongen ; abbreviation : DO ) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of the Netherlands .
The Berlin Outer Freight Ring ( German : Güteraußenring , GAR ) was a planned ring railway around the city of Berlin , Germany .
In the Mind of ... is an interview program broadcast in Canada on The Biography Channel and Bravo!.
Lake Elton ( Russian : Эльтон ) is a salt lake in Volgograd Oblast , Russia , near the border with Kazakhstan .
The service was launched in January 2002 as Viasat Explorer in Sweden , Denmark , Norway and Finland .
Vannes ( French pronunciation : ​(van ) ; Breton : Gwened ) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north - western France .
Neskaupstaður is a town located on the fjord Norðfjörður on the eastern side of Iceland .
The Achankovil is a river in Kerala , India , created towards the southern tip of the peninsula by the confluence of the Rishimala , Pasukidamettu , and Ramakkalteri Rivers .
Uh Atoll is an atoll and municipality in the state of Pohnpei , Federated States of Micronesia .
Samtah ( also Romanized as Şāmitah or Samta ; in Arabic صامطة ) is a town and sub - division in Jizan Province , in southwestern Saudi Arabia .
Kerzaz ( Arabic : آﺮزاز‎ ) is a town and commune , and capital of Kerzaz District , in Béchar Province , western Algeria .
Fériana ( Arabic : فريانة‎ ) is a town and commune in the Kasserine Governorate , Tunisia .
Noltorp Church ( Swedish : Noltorpskyrkan ) is a church in Alingsås , Västergötland , Sweden .
German submarine U-486 was a Type VIIC U - boat built for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II . She was laid down at the Deutsche Werke in Kiel as yard number 321 , launched on 12 February 1944 and commissioned on 22 March with Oberleutnant zur See Gerhard Meyer in command .
123 Albert Street , also known as Rio Tinto Tower , is a commercial office development in Brisbane , Australia .
Muráň Castle ( Slovak : Muránsky hrad ) , is a ruin of a medieval castle situated above the village of Muráň , in the Muránska planina National Park in Slovakia .
Vladivostok State University of Economics and Service ( Russian : Владивосто́кский госуда́рственный университе́т эконо́мики и се́рвиса ) , or VSUES ( ВГУЭС ) , is a university located in Vladivostok , Russia .
Trocon is a lava dome complex in Argentina .
Ostravice is a village and a popular summer holiday resort in the Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic under the Moravian - Silesian Beskids to which it serves as a gate .
Bethungra is a locality in Junee Shire in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales , Australia situated on the Olympic Way about 13 kilometres northeast of Illabo and 24 kilometres southwest of Cootamundra .
Agilkia Island ( also called Agilika ; Arabic : أجيليكا‎ ) is an island in the reservoir of the Old Aswan Dam along the Nile River in southern Egypt ; it is the present site of the relocated Ancient Egyptian temple complex of Philae .
Ponniammanmedu ( Tamil : பொன்னியம்மன்மேடு ) , is a developing residential area in North Chennai , a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu , India
Opava ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈopava ) ; Silesian : Uopawa , German : Troppau , Silesian German : Tropp , Polish : Opawa , Latin : Oppavia ) is a city in the northern Czech Republic on the river Opava , located to the north - west of Ostrava .
Mazraeh - ye Tarvij Gandam ( Persian : مزرعه ترويج گندم‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Tarvīj Gandam ) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20 , in 4 families .
Trasi is a place on the west coast of India , 109 km from Mangalore , 203 km from Canacona , Goa , 937 km from Mumbai and 12 km north from Kundapur in Kundapura Taluk , Udupi District .
Warężyn ( vaˈrɛ̃ʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siewierz , within Będzin County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
General Viejo is a small town located in the South Pacific Region of Costa Rica .
Basque Park is a north - facing reserve in Eden Terrace , a former working class suburb in central Auckland , the largest city in New Zealand .
Sollefteå Hospital ( Swedish : Sollefteå sjukhus ) is a hospital in Sollefteå in Västernorrland County , Sweden .
The Cordillera de Talamanca is a mountain range that lies on the border between Costa Rica and Panama .
Promyri ( Greek : Προμύρι ) is a village in Magnesia , Greece .
Quartermaster sergeant instructor ( QMSI ) is a warrant officer appointment in the armies of the United Kingdom and Canada .
Górkło ( ˈɡurkwɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cot Valley is located half - a - mile south of St Just in west Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Villeurbanne ( French pronunciation : ​(vi.lœʁ.ban ) ) is a commune in the Metropolis of Lyon in Auvergne - Rhône - Alpes region in eastern France .
Bukulja ( Serbian Cyrillic : Букуља , pronounced ( bǔkuʎa ) ) is a mountain near Aranđelovac in central Serbia .
Fort Margherita is an old fort built in 1879 by Charles Brooke , Rajah of Sarawak situated in Kuching , Sarawak , Malaysia .
Quarto Centenário is a municipality in the state of Paraná ( PR ) in Brazil .
Owji Talar ( Persian : اوجي تالار‎ , also Romanized as Owjī Tālār ; also known as Ojī Tālār and Ūchītālār ) is a village in Balatajan Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ba'kelalan is a group of nine villages in the Bario Highlands of Sarawak , Malaysia about 3,000 feet ( 910 m ) above sea level and 4 km from the border with Indonesian Kalimantan .
Kulaneh ( Persian : كولانه‎ , also Romanized as Kūlāneh ; also known as Kolūneh ) is a village in Kuhestani - ye Talesh Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Schloss Greifenstein is a castle in the mountainous Fraconian Switzerland ( Fränkische Schweiz ) region of Upper Franconia , Germany .
Hua Hin Airport ( Thai : ท่าอากาศยานหัวหิน ) ( IATA : HHQ , ICAO : VTPH ) is an airport serving Hua Hin , a town in the Prachuap Khiri Khan Province of Thailand .
Wayunka ( Quechua for `` bunch of bananas '' , hispanicized spelling Huayunca ) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,300 metres ( 17,388 ft ) high .
Bongdam is a town in the city of Hwaseong in South Korea .
Madzikane Ka Zulu Memorial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Mount Frere in the Alfred Nzo District of the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Santa Ana de Velasco ( or simply Santa Ana ) is a small town in the Santa Cruz Department of the South American Andean Republic of Bolivia .
Ləkit Kötüklü ( also , Lekit Këtyuklyu ) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Plužnje ( pronounced ( ˈpluːʒnjɛ ) ) is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Idrijca River in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Lower Bhavani Project Canal is a 201-kilometre ( 125 mi ) long irrigation canal which runs in Erode district in Tamil Nadu , India .
Shkolnaya railway station ( Russian : Ста́нция Шко́льная ) is a railway station located near Sestroretsk ( suburb of Saint Petersburg ) , Russia .
Schuttrange ( Luxembourgish : Schëtter , German : Schüttringen ) is a commune and small town in southern Luxembourg .
Volissos ( Greek : Βολισσός ) is the largest village in the northwest part of Chios , Aegean Islands , Greece .
Aidanfield is a new suburb in the south - west of Christchurch , New Zealand , about 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) from the city centre .
Binnayaga Buddhist caves also known as Vinayaka or Vinayaga are located at village Binnayaga in the state of Rajasthan , India .
Haybusak University of Yerevan , ( ArmenianԵրևանի Հայբուսակ Համալսարան ) is a private university in Armenia
Baependi developed along the Estrada Real - the first major means of regular communication in Brazil which linked the mines to the port of Paraty in Rio de Janeiro from where gold was shipped to Europe .
Planten un Blomen is an urban park with a size of 47 hectares ( 116.1 acres ) in the inner - city of Hamburg , Germany .
The Lethbridge Sugar Kings were a founding junior `` A '' ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League ( AJHL ) based in Lethbridge , Alberta , Canada .
Jönköping ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈjœnːˈɕøːpiŋ ) ; pronunciation ) is a city in southern Sweden with 61,559 inhabitants ( 2013 ) .
Jebel Barkal or Gebel Barkal ( Arabic : جبل بركل‎ ) is a very small mountain located some 400 km north of Khartoum , in Karima town in Northern State in Sudan , on a large bend of the Nile River , in the region called Nubia .
Hasnarud ( Persian : حسنارود‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasnārūd , Ḩasnā Rūd , Ḩosnārūd , and Ḩasanā Rūd ; also known as Hasanrūd ) is a village in Neyasar Rural District , Neyasar District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Queen Elizabeth II Health Sciences Centre , in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada , is a large teaching hospital affiliated with Dalhousie University .
The Canal de Saint - Quentin is a canal in northern France connecting the canalised Escaut River in Cambrai to the Canal latéral à l'Oise and Canal de l'Oise à l'Aisne in Chauny
Molla - Mustafa Jami Mosque is located Bakhchisaray , Crimea , Russia / Ukraine .
Kani Qaleh ( Persian : كاني قلعه‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Qal``eh ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Mahali Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 127 , in 23 families .
Musan County is a county in central North Hamgyong province , North Korea .
The Arboretum Kalmthout is a botanical garden in Kalmthout , Belgium .
Göran Karlsson 's Motor Museum is a museum of classic cars and motorcycles , opened in Sweden in 2007 .
Mont de Gourze ( 924 metres ( 3,031 ft ) ) is a mountain in Switzerland , overlooking Lake Geneva in the canton of Vaud .
Bicsa Financial Center , first named Ice Tower , then Star Bay Tower , is a 68-storey skyscraper in Avenida Balboa , Panama City .
The Svecofennian orogeny is a series of related orogenies that resulted in the formation of much of the continental crust in what is today Sweden and Finland plus some minor parts of Russia .
The 1995 World Women 's Handball Championship took place in Austria and Hungary 5 - -17 December 1995 .
Arkhust ( Mongolian : Архуст ) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia .
The Art Gallery of Mississauga ( AGM ) is a public , not - for - profit art gallery in Mississauga , Canada .
Vollmershain is a town in the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft of Oberes Sprottental in the Thuringian landkreis of Altenburger Land in Germany .
Añaswayq'u ( Quechua añas skunk , wayq'u valley , `` skunk valley '' , hispanicized spelling Añashuayco ) is a valley in the Arequipa Region in Peru , northwest of the city of Arequipa .
The Hump Ridge Track ( sometimes called the Tuatapere Humpridge Track ) is located in the south east of Fiordland National Park , in the South Island of New Zealand .
Rampe is a village in Tõlliste Parish , Valga County in southern Estonia .
Finno is a settlement in Mandera County , Kenya .
The Landtag of Bavaria ( State Diet of Bavaria ) is the unicameral legislature of the state of Bavaria in Germany .
Olive Island Conservation Park is a protected area associated with Olive Island which is located off the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) west - northwest of Streaky Bay .
Menipo , is an island in the Lesser Sunda Islands in Indonesia which is separated from Timor Island by a narrow strait .
Mampata is a large village in the Bafatá Region of central Guinea - Bissau .
Dalby Norreskog is a nature reserve located close to Dalby and Lund in southern Sweden .
Odense International Film Festival is a short film festival in Denmark that takes place every year in August .
Mombacho is a stratovolcano in Nicaragua , near the city of Granada .
Mateur ( Tunisian Arabic : ماطر‎ Maṭer ) is a town in northern Tunisia .
Saint Maur International School , established in 1872 in Yokohama within the Greater Tokyo Area , is the oldest international school in Japan .
Ccotanca or Ccotancca is a populated place in Huancavelica Region , Peru .
Baranów Sandomierski ( baˈranuf sandɔˈmʲɛrskʲi ) is a small town in southern Poland , in the Subcarpathian Voivodship , Tarnobrzeg County on the Vistula River , with 1,440 inhabitants ( 02.06.2009 ) .
Øster Allé ( literally `` East Avenue '' ) is a street in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen , Denmark , connecting Trianglen to Vibenhus Runddel .
North Farra know as well `` Alfaraah Al Shamaliayah '' الفرعة الشمالية `` , is a small town located in the south - west region of Saudi Arabia .
Oliveira do Bairro ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( oliˈvɐjɾɐ ðu ˈβajʁu ) ) is a town and a municipality in the district of Aveiro in Portugal .
Rietavas Municipality is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania .
The Kyzyloi Field is a dry natural gas field in southern Kazakhstan about 65 kilometres ( 40 mi ) to the north of the border with the Karalkalpak region of Uzbekistan and 55 kilometres ( 34 mi ) to the north - west of the Aral Sea .
Nowy Patok ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈpatɔk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywda , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Huize Sevenaer ( Huis Sevenaer , Huize Zevenaar or Huis Seventer ) is a castle farm in Zevenaar , the Netherlands .
The Lotto Cross Cup is an annual series of international cross country running competitions in Belgium .
Hhelehhele is a town in central Swaziland , ten kilometres east of Manzini .
Linz Hauptbahnhof or Linz Central Station is a railway station in Linz , the third largest city in Austria , and capital city of the federal state of Upper Austria .
Burford Bridge Hotel is a historic hotel in the village of Mickleham , Surrey , England .
Meriç Bridge ( Turkish : Meriç Köprüsü ) , aka Yeni Köprü , meaning New Bridge or Mecidiye Bridge , after Sultan Abdülmecid I , is a historic Ottoman bridge in Edirne , Turkey .
Uttarpara Amarendra Vidyapith ( formerly known as Uttarpara English High School ) which was established on 6 March 1939 , is an institution located in Uttarpara , West bengal in India .
The Ober Gabelhorn ( 4063 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland , located between Zermatt and Zinal .
Havetoftloit ( Danish : Havetoftløjt ) is a village and a former municipality in the Schleswig - Flensburg district , near the Baltic Sea in northern Germany .
Mount Bosavi is a mountain in the Southern Highlands province , Papua New Guinea .
Smederevska Palanka ( Serbian Cyrillic : Смедеревска Паланка , pronounced ( smɛ̂dɛrɛʋska pǎlaːŋka ) ) is a town and municipality located in Eastern Serbia .
Olejua ( Basque : Olexoa ) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
Bašaid ( Serbian Cyrillic : Башаид ) is a village located in the Kikinda municipality , in the North Banat District of the Republic of Serbia .
The Arboretum de Saint - Avaugourd - des - Landes is an arboretum located in Moutiers - les - Mauxfaits , Vendée , Pays de la Loire , France .
Soragna is a town and comune in the province of Parma of northern Italy with a population of about 4,800 .
The Tepid Baths are historical indoor public pools in Auckland , New Zealand .
Kotogwanda ( also spelled Koto Ngonda ) is a village in eastern Ivory Coast .
Kili Faqiran is a remote village in Balochistan province south - western Pakistan .
Janabiyah ( Arabic:الجنبية ) is a village situated in the north - west of Bahrain , close to the Gulf of Bahrain .
Barossa Reservoir is a reservoir in South Australia , built between 1899 and 1902 to supply water to Gawler and other northern country areas .
Narali ( Urdu : نڑالى , Alternate spellings : Nirali ) is one of the oldest and largest towns of Gujar Khan Tehsil , Punjab province of Pakistan .
Mont - Tremblant / Lac Duhamel Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CSE8 ) , was located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) northwest of Mont - Tremblant , Quebec , Canada .
Samurçay ( also , Samurçay ) is a village in the municipality of Nabran in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Adéane is a small town and rural community in Senegal .
Zalesie Gorzyckie ( zaˈlɛɕɛ ɡɔˈʐɨt͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzyce , within Tarnobrzeg County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Viti Levu Group in Fiji consists of the island of Viti Levu and its outliers , including Bau , Beqa , Nukulau , and Vatulele .
Pobuđe ( Cyrillic : Побуђе ) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Es Skhul ( meaning kids ) ( Arabic : السخول‎ ) is a cave site situated c. 20 kilometers south of the city of Haifa , Israel , and c. 3 kilometers from the Mediterranean Sea .
Canovee is the name of a rural region and a village nucleus in the Lee valley , Co. Cork , Ireland .
Aviastar Flight 7503 ( MV7503/VIT7503 ) was a scheduled 60-minute passenger charter flight , operated by Aviastar ( Indonesia ) en route from Andi Jemma Airport , Masamba , to Sultan Hasanuddin International Airport , Makassar , Indonesia .
Batu Gajah ( population 34,000 ) is a city in Kinta District , Perak , Malaysia .
Greek National Road 15 ( Greek : Εθνική Οδός 15 , abbreviated as EO15 ) is a single carriageway road in northern Greece .
In July 2013 , CHVR - FM was acquired by Bell Media , a subsidiary of Bell Canada ( the company which already owns CTV and local CTV Two outlet CHRO - TV ) as a result of a buyout of Astral Media .
Somman ( Persian : صمان‎ , also Romanized as Şommān , Şamān , and Somān ) is a village in Taghenkoh - e Shomali Rural District , Taghenkoh District , Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Shah Bodagh ( Persian : شاهبداغ‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Bodāgh ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Detmold Open - air Museum ( German : LWL - Freilichtmuseum Detmold -- Westfälisches Landesmuseum für Volkskunde ; English : `` LWL Open - air Museum Detmold -- Westphalian State Museum for Folkloristics '' ) is a museum at Detmold in the Ostwestfalen - Lippe region of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Lega Nord Valle d'Aosta ( French : Ligue du Nord Vallée d'Aoste ; English : Northern League Aosta Valley ) is a regionalist political party in Aosta Valley , Italy .
In 1286 , after four years of intense war , representatives of the republics of Lombardy and of northern - Italy free cities , arrived to Lomazzo to sign the Peace of Lomazzo , at the presence of Loterio Rusca , Lord of Como , and Ottone Visconti , Lord of Milan .
Hatunmarka ( Quechua hatun big , marka settlement / storey , `` big settlement '' , hispanicized spelling Hatunmarca , Jatun Malca ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
FC Saxan Gagauz Yeri is a Moldovan football club based in Ceadîr - Lunga , Gagauzia , Moldova .
Pelister National Park is a national park in the Municipality of Bitola , Republic of Macedonia .
Nabukjuak Bay is an arm of the Foxe Basin in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
The Royal Palace of Turin ( Italian : Palazzo Reale di Torino ) is a historic palace of the House of Savoy in the city of Turin in Northern Italy .
The Tonkünstler Orchestra ( German : Tonkünstler - Orchesters Niederösterreich ) is an Austrian orchestra based in Vienna and St. Pölten , Lower Austria .
The Lunenburgh River is a perennial river in the South West region of Western Australia .
Jeyhoonak - e Bala ( Persian : جیحونک بالا ‎ ) is a village in Tamin Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Padborg is well known in Denmark for its motorsport ring , Padborg Park , and the head offices of the large discount chain Fleggaard .
Hendrik - Ido - Ambacht ( pronunciation ) ( population : 29,147 in 2014 ) is a town and municipality in the western Netherlands .
P'yŏngch'ŏn Station is a freight - only railway station in P'yŏngch'ŏn - dong , P'yŏngch'ŏn - guyŏk , P'yŏngch'ŏn , North Korea .
Kyrkslätt Idrottsföreningen ( abbreviated KyIF and also known as Kyrkslätt IF ) is a sports club from Kirkkonummi , Finland .
The Taara Army Base ( Estonian : Taara sõjaväelinnak ) is a military installation of the Estonian Defence Forces located in Võru , in South Estonia .
Lake Arapuni is one of several artificial lakes formed as part of a hydroelectricity scheme on the Waikato River in the North Island of New Zealand .
Zwentendorf an der Donau is a small market municipality in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Platanistasa ( Greek : Πλατανιστάσα ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located 14 km southwest of Mitsero .
Rąbierz - Kolonia ( ˈrɔmbjɛʂ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Canal de la Bruche is a canal in eastern France that originally connected Soultz - les - Bains , near Molsheim , to the city of Strasbourg .
Grottaminarda is a town and comune in the province of Avellino ( Campania ) , situated 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) northeast of Naples , in the southwest of Italy .
The Rospuda ( rɔsˈpuda ) is a small river in north - eastern Poland .
Ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics was held at Canada Hockey Place , home of the National Hockey League 's Vancouver Canucks , and at UBC Winter Sports Centre , home of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport 's UBC Thunderbirds .
Belhezar - e Bala ( Persian : بلهزاربالا‎ , also Romanized as Belhezār - e Bālā ; also known as Belhezar - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 109 , in 29 families .
The John Crow Mountains are a range of mountains in Jamaica .
Diban ( Arabic : ذيبان‎ , also spelled Thiban or Dhiban ) is a town in eastern Syria , administratively part of the Deir ez - Zor Governorate , located along the eastern bank of the Euphrates River , south of Deir ez - Zor , 17 kilometers south of al - Busayrah and 13 kilomaters north of Asharah .
The Victorian Ornithological Research Group ( VORG ) is a small project - focused ornithological group of amateurs and professionals based in Victoria , Australia .
Bhood is a village in Khanapur tehsil of Sangli district in Maharashtra , India .
Cserdi ( Croatian : Čerda ) is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
Giannitsochori ( Greek : Γιαννιτσοχώρι ) is a village in the municipality of Zacharo , southern Elis , Greece .
Maroni ( Greek : Μαρώνι ; Turkish : Maroni ) is village located in the Larnaca District of Cyprus .
The Latin American University of Science and Technology - Laureate International Universities ( in Spanish : Universidad Latinoamericana de Ciencia y Tecnología ) ( ULACIT - LIU ) is a private university located in Panama City , Panama .
Pakhanjore ( Hindi : पखांजूर ) is a major Nagar Panchayat ( Notified Area Council ) city in the Kanker district ( North Baster ) of Chhattisgarh state , central India .
Amrud is a village located in the Darwaz area of Afghanistan , situated near the Amu Darya .
Waiuku is a country town in the Auckland Region in the North Island of New Zealand .
Grebenac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гребенац , Romanian : Grebenaț ) is a village in Vojvodina , Serbia .
The Diapori chain is a chain of three uninhabited islands in the Argosaronikos Gulf of Greece .
The Point Hicks Marine National Park is a protected marine national park in situated off Point Hicks in the East Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia .
Xonacatlán ( in full , Xonacatlán de Vicencio ) is a town and municipality in Mexico State in Mexico .
The Ducal Palace of Guastalla ( Palazzo Ducale di Guastalla or Palazzo Gonzaga di Guastalla ) is an urban Renaissance - style palace in the town of Guastalla , a municipality in the Province of Reggio Emilia , Emilia - Romagna , Italy .
Dobroslavtsi Air Base or 1st Fighter Air Base Dobroslavtsi ( Bulgarian : 1ва Изтребителна авиобаза Доброславци ) is an air force facility near Sofia , the capital of Bulgaria .
Navoiy also spelled as Navoi ( Uzbek : Navoiy / Навоий ; Russian : Навои ) is a city ( pop 125,800 in 2007 ) and the capital of Navoiy Region in the southwestern part of Uzbekistan .
The Këlcyrë Gorge ( Albanian : Gryka e Këlcyrës ) is a gorge in southern Albania created by the river Vjosë , near the town of Këlcyrë .
Niesulów ( ɲeˈsuluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Küttigkofen is a former municipality in the district of Bucheggberg , in the canton of Solothurn , Switzerland .
Leisure Time Party ( Swedish : Fritidspartiet ) , is a local political party in Vallentuna , Sweden .
Polotsk Airport ( also Polotsk South ) is an airport in Belarus , located 9 km south of Polotsk .
Dyurtyuli ( Russian : Дюртюли ; Bashkir : Дүртөйлө , Dürtöylö ) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia , located on the left bank of the Belaya River 126 kilometers ( 78 mi ) northwest of Ufa .
The Ida Valley lies east of the Manuherikia Valley in Central Otago , New Zealand .
Sao Nang Hearn Kham , Daw Hearn Kham ( b. 26 May 1916 in Hsenwi - d. 17 January 2003 in Canada ) was the Mahadevi of Yawnghwe one of the most important Shan States .
George Ashmore Fitch ( 1883 - -1979 ) was an American Protestant missionary in China , the Young Men 's Christian Association , Nanking Safety Zone International Committee Administrative Director , and the grandfather of politician George B. Fitch .
Juan de Cartagena ( died c. 1520 ) was a Spanish accountant and major participant in Ferdinand Magellan 's quest to find a western sea route to the Spice Islands .
Enrique Plancarte Solís ( 14 September 1970 -- 31 March 2014 ) was a Mexican drug lord and high - ranking leader of the Knights Templar Cartel , a drug cartel headquartered in the state of Michoacán .
Sir Herbert Mackworth , 1st Baronet ( 1 January 1737 -- 25 October 1791 ) was a British landowner and politician .
Tony Viramontes ( 1960 - 1988 ) was an American fashion and beauty illustrator trained in New York , who found success in Europe .
Malcolm Vaughan ( 22 March 1929 -- 9 February 2010 ) was a Welsh traditional pop music singer and actor .
Ercole Gaetano Bertuzzi ( Bologna , 1668 - 1710 ) was an Italian painter of history during the late Baroque period .
Frederick Lucian Hosmer ( 1840 - -1929 ) was an American Unitarian minister who served congregations in Massachusetts , Illinois , Ohio , Missouri , and California and who wrote many significant hymns .
Sultan Ali Ri'ayat Syah III ( died 4 April 1607 ) was the eleventh Sulṭān of Acèh Darussalam in northern Sumatra .
Joseph Fawcett ( c. 1758 -- 24 January 1804 ) was an 18th - century English Presbyterian minister and poet .
Bartolomeo Montalbano ( c. 1598 - before 18 March 1651 , Venice ) was an Italian Baroque composer .
Bob Kamps ( 1931 - -2005 ) was an American rock climber whose climbing career spanned five decades .
Captain Frans Jansen Bloetgoet ( Anglicized to Francis Bloodgood ) ( c. 1623 - 29 December 1676 ) was a Netherlander who immigrated to Flushing , Queens , He is the ancestor of the American Bloodgood family .
Charles Dibdin ( before 4 March 1745 -- 25 July 1814 ) was a British musician , dramatist , novelist and actor .
Dosabhai Framji Karaka ( 1829 -- 1902 ) was an Indian newspaper editor and official , known for his history of the Parsis .
Carlo Frigerio ( April 5 , 1763 -- 5 December 1800 ) was an Italian painter , and a pupil of Santo Cattaneo .
Maurice Harris Newmark ( March 3 , 1859 - 1929 ) was a US grocer and writer from Los Angeles , California .
Joseph Rimmer ( 6 January 1925 -- 9 July 2011 ) was an English cricketer who played for first class cricket for Derbyshire in 1949 .
Ela of Salisbury , 3rd Countess of Salisbury ( 1187 -- 24 August 1261 ) was a wealthy English heiress and the suo jure Countess of Salisbury , having succeeded to the title in 1196 upon the death of her father , William FitzPatrick , 2nd Earl of Salisbury .
Edmund Stonelake ( 1873 - -1960 ) was a Welsh local politician and a prominent figure in establishing the Labour Party in Aberdare and the Merthyr Boroughs parliamentary constituency .
Adolph Gregory Schmitt , C.M.M. ( 20 April 1905 -- 5 December 1976 ) was German Prelate of the Roman Catholic Church .
Barnabas Gooch or Goche or Gough ( died c 1626 ) was an English lawyer and academic who was Vice - Chancellor of the University of Cambridge from 1611 to 1612 .
Edwin Carolan ( died 22 January 1982 ) was a Gaelic footballer for Cavan .
Edward Denis de Vitre ( 24 March 1806 -- 4 October 1878 ) was an English physician , twice mayor of Lancaster , England , and one of the founders of the Royal Albert Hospital ( originally The Royal Albert Asylum for Idiots and Imbeciles of the Northern Counties ) in Lancaster .
František Reichentál ( May 6 , 1895 -- April 2 , 1971 ) , also known as Frank / Ferenc , Reichenthal / Reichen - tal , was an Jewish Eastern European modern artist .
Clark Thomas Rogerson , ( 2 October 1918 -- 7 September 2001 ) , was an American mycologist .
Catherine of Bosnia ( Serbo - Croatian : Katarina Kosača/Катарина Косача ; 1424/August 1425 -- 25 October 1478 ) was Queen of Bosnia as the wife of King Stephen Thomas , the penultimate Bosnian sovereign .
Sir Gerard Braybrooke I ( c.1332 - 1403 ) , of Colmworth , Bedfordshire and Horsenden , Buckinghamshire , was an English politician .
Sir William Portus Cullen KCMG ( 28 May 1855 -- 6 April 1935 ) was Chief Justice of New South Wales , Australia .
Sir William Verner , 1st Baronet , KCH ( 25 October 1782 -- 20 January 1871 ) , was a British soldier who served in the Napoleonic wars , was wounded at the Battle of Waterloo and resigned a Colonel .
Sir Edward German ( 17 February 1862 -- 11 November 1936 ) was an English musician and composer of Welsh descent , best remembered for his extensive output of incidental music for the stage and as a successor to Arthur Sullivan in the field of English comic opera .
Pencho Georgiev ( Bulgarian : Пенчо Георгиев ; 1 February 1900 , Vratsa - 2 April 1940 , Sofia ) was a Bulgarian painter , scenographer and illustrator ; especially of children 's books .
Mary Austin Holley ( 1784 - -1846 ) was an American historical writer best known as the author of the first known English - language history of Texas , Texas ( 1833 ) , expanded in 1836 into History of Texas .
Yona Kesse ( Hebrew : יונה כסה‎ , born 1907 , died 27 June 1985 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1949 and 1965 .
Robert Lucas , 3rd Baron Lucas ( c.1649 -- 31 January 1705 ) was an English nobleman and army officer .
Air Vice Marshal Sir Geoffrey Rhodes Bromet KBE , CB , DSO , DL ( 28 August 1891 -- 16 November 1983 ) was a senior Royal Air Force ( RAF ) officer during the Second World War and Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man from 1945 to 1952 .
William Stapper ( fl . 1386 ) , of Reading , Berkshire , was an English politician .
Johannes Rach ( 1720 -- 4 August 1783 ) was a Danish painter and draughtsman whose works from Copenhagen and Indonesia are a valuable source of architectural and cultural historic knowledge .
Bert Hobson ( c. 1890 -- 1963 ) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a defender .
Jørgen Ravn , alternatively spelled Jørn Ravn , ( 3 June 1940 -- 4 June 2015 ) was a Danish football player .
Augustus Clissold ( c.1797 - -1882 ) was an English Anglican priest , known as a Swedenborgian active in later life in publishing on behalf of his views .
Ferenc Talányi ( born Ferenc Temlin , Slovene : Franc Talanyi , or Talanji ) ( 23 May 1883 -- 9 July 1959 ) was a Slovene ( Prekmurian ) writer , journalist , and painter .
Nichimoku ( 日目 , 1260 - -1333 ) was a disciple of Nichiren who sided with Nikkō in creating the Fuji lineage .
Austin Coates ( 1922 - -1997 ) was a British civil servant , writer and traveller .
Kjell Aukrust ( 19 March 1920 -- 24 December 2002 ) was a Norwegian author , poet and artist .
Gerardo Allucingoli ( died 1208 ) was an Italian cardinal and cardinal - nephew of Pope Lucius III , who elevated him in 1182 .
Paritala Ravindra ( Telugu : పరిటాల రవీంద్ర ; 30 August 1958 -- 24 January 2005 ) , popularly known as `` Paritala Ravi '' , was an Indian politician in the state of Andhra Pradesh .
Alfred Walter Stewart ( September 1880 -- 1 July 1947 ) was a British chemist and part - time novelist who wrote seventeen detective novels and a pioneering science fiction work between 1923 and 1947 under the pseudonym of JJ Connington .
Väinö Liikkanen ( 1 November 1903 -- 15 October 1957 ) was a Finnish cross - country skier who competed in the 1920s and 1930s .
Ezequiel Pedro Paz or José Clemente Paz Ezequiel Diaz ( 1871 - -1953 ) was an Argentine journalist .
Friedrich Adolph Lampe ( 18 February 1683 -- 8 December 1729 ) was a German Pietist pastor , theologian and professor of dogmatics .
Hans Georg Friedrich Groß , ( 4 May 1860 - 27 February 1924 ) , was a German balloonist and airship constructor .
Hayâlî ( خيالى ) ( 1500?--1557 ) was the pen name ( Ottoman Turkish : ﻡﺨﻠﺺ mahlas ) of an Ottoman Turkish poet .
Eddie DeLange ( 15 January 1904 - 15 July 1949 ) was an American bandleader and lyricist .
Giridharilal Kedia ( Hindi : गिरिधारिलाला केदिया Odia : ଗିରିଧାରିଲାଲ କେଡ଼ିଆ ) ( 25 August 1936 -- 19 December 2009 ) was an Indian well known social entrepreneur .
Sidney Lambert ( 1838 - -1905 ) was a black American pianist , music educator and composer , born before the American Civil War as a free person of color .
Hans Kurath ( 13 December 1891 -- 2 January 1992 ) was an American linguist of Austrian origin .
Bhavabhushan Mitra , or Bhaba Bhusan Mitter , alias Swami Satyananda Puri ( 1881 - -1970 ) was a Bengali Indian freedom fighter and an influential social worker .
Major General Charles Frederick Cox CB , CMG , DSO , VD ( 2 May 1863 -- 20 November 1944 ) was an Australian Army officer and politician .
Domnell mac Áedh Ó Flaithbheartaigh , leader of Iar Connacht and Chief of the Name , died 1410 .
John Manuel Cook ( 1910 - -1994 ) was a British classical archaeologist .
Alan Nunn May ( 2 May 1911 -- 12 January 2003 ) was a British physicist , and a confessed and convicted Soviet spy , who supplied secrets of British and United States atomic research to the Soviet Union during World War II .
Einar Skjæraasen ( 23 July 1900 -- 18 June 1966 ) was a Norwegian author and poet , a longtime resident of Trysil .
Roman Hinderer ( in Chinese called Te ) ( 21 September 1668 -- 24 August 1744 ) was a German Jesuit missionary in imperial China .
George Stanley Repton ( died 1858 ) was an English architect .
Abba Hushi ( Hebrew : אבא חושי‎ ; born Abba Schneller ; 1898 -- 24 March 1969 ) was an Israeli politician who served as mayor of Haifa for eighteen years between 1951 to 1969 .
Giacomo II Crispo ( or Jacopo ) ( 1426 - -1447 ) was the thirteenth Duke of the Archipelago , etc . , from 1433 to 1447 , son of twelfth Duke John II Crispo and wife Nobil Donna Francesca Morosini , Patrizia Veneta .
Marcin Mielczewski ( c. 1600 -- September 1651 ) was , together with his tutor Franciszek Lilius and Bartłomiej Pękiel , among the most notable Polish composers in the 17th century .
George Sweet ( 1844 -- 1920 ) was an English - born Australian geologist , president of the Royal Society of Victoria in 1905 .
Christiane Eberhardine of Brandenburg - Bayreuth ( 19 December 1671 -- 4 September 1727 ) was Electress of Saxony from 1694 to 1727 ( her death ) and titular Queen of the Polish--
Wang Ju - Rong ( 1928 - -2006 ) was a Chinese - Muslim martial artist and Wushu professor in the Shanghai Institute of Physical Education .
Saint Magnus of Avignon ( French : Saint Magne ) ( died 660 ) was a bishop and governor of Avignon , his native city .
Atef Salem ( Arabic : عاطف سالم‎ ; 23 July 1927 -- 30 July 2002 ) was an Egyptian film director .
Air Chief Marshal Sir Brendan Jackson GCB ( 23 August 1935 -- 19 November 1998 ) was a Royal Air Force officer who became Deputy Commander of RAF Strike Command .
William Spencer Anderson ( c. 1832 -- 27 September 1872 ) was an American - born Liberian politician and explorer .
John Bright ( 16 November 1811 -- 27 March 1889 ) , Quaker , was a British Radical and Liberal statesman , one of the greatest orators of his generation and a promoter of free trade policies .
Air Vice - Marshal Albert Earl Godfrey MC ( 27 July 1890 --1 January 1982 ) was a Canadian First World War flying ace , officially credited with 14 victories while flying for the Royal Flying Corps .
Walter Barfuss ( 4 February 1955 -- 24 July 1999 ) was a West German bobsledder who competed in the late 1970s .
Jan Czochralski ( pronounced as YAN choh - RAL - skee , Polish pronunciation : ( ' jan t͡ʂɔ'xralskʲi ) ; 23 October 1885 -- 22 April 1953 ) was a Polish chemist who invented the Czochralski process , which is used for growing single crystals and in the production of semiconductor wafers .
Ellis Loring Dresel ( November 28 , 1865 -- September 19 , 1925 ) was an American lawyer and diplomat .
Uglješa Kojadinović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Угљеша Којадиновић ; 14 February 1936 - 20 June 1982 ) was a Serbian , Croatian and Yugoslav actor .
Frederik Nannestad ( 21 October 1693 - -11 August 1774 ) was a Norwegian theologian and bishop .
Nancy Spender ( 1909 - -2001 ) was a British painter , described on her death as `` much underrated '' .
Hans Lietzau ( 2 September 1913 -- 30 November 1991 ) was a German theatre director , actor , and producer .
Harvey B. Hurd ( 1828 - -1906 ) was a prominent Chicago lawyer , abolitionist , and social reformer .
Bernard Ato IV ( died 1129 ) was the Viscount of Nîmes of the Trencavel family from 1074 to his death .
Albert Micajah Shipp ( 1819 - 1887 ) was an American Methodist minister and university administrator .
Sir Christopher Hales ( died 1541 ) was an English judge and Master of the Rolls .
John Shaw , Sr . ( 1776 - -1832 ) was an English architect related to the Shaw and Hardwick family , and one of the first architects to draw up plans for semi - detached housing in London .
Joseph Timothy Haydn ( died 17 January 1856 ) , compiler of dictionaries , was well known as the author of the `` Dictionary of Dates '' , 1841 ( 19th edition , 1889 ) , and of the `` Book of Dignities '' , 1851 ( 3rd revised edition , 1894 ) .
Edward Prentice Mawson ( 1885 , Ambleside , Westmorland -- 22 December 1954 , Lancaster ) was the eldest of the nine children of Thomas Hayton Mawson , and , like his father a British garden designer , landscape architect , and town planner .
Hans Boije af Gennäs ( died 1 January 1573 ) was a Swedish commander for the fortification at Weissenstein in present - day Paide in Estonia , during the time of the Nordic twentyfive year war start .
Gordon Arthur Riley ( 11 June 1911 -- 7 October 1985 ) was an American biological oceanographer most associated with his studies of the dynamics of plankton ecosystems .
Gerald Henry Rendall ( 1851 - -1945 ) was an English educator and college administrator , born at Harrow , where his father was assistant master .
Norton Chase ( September 3 , 1861 Albany , New York -- 1922 ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Henry Percy , 4th Earl of Northumberland KG ( c. 1449 -- 28 April 1489 ) was an English aristocrat during the Wars of the Roses .
Geoffrey R. Waters ( 1948 - -2007 ) was an American poet , and translator .
Alfred H. Grebe ( 1895-October 24 , 1935 ) was a pioneer in the radio broadcasting field .
Sir John Swynnerton ( died 8 December 1616 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1601 and 1611 .
Alexander Forbes , 4th Lord Forbes of Pitsligo ( 1678 - -1762 ) was a Scottish Jacobite nobleman and refugee , also known as a writer .
Ernesto Levorati ( Padua , 1880 - 1920 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of genre subjects set in period costumes of the earlier Venetian centuries .
Edward Perronet ( 1726 -- 2 January 1792 ) was the son of an Anglican priest , who worked closely with Anglican priest John Wesley and his brother Charles Wesley for many years in England 's eighteenth century revival .
Richard Percival Lister , known simply as R. P. Lister ( 23 November 1914 -- 1 May 2014 ) , was an English author , poet , artist and metallurgist .
John Smith de Burgh , 11th Earl of Clanricarde , ( 11 November 1720 -- 21 April 1782 ) was an Irish peer .
Sir Donald Fergusson , GCB ( 26 August 1891 -- 4 March 1963 ) was a British civil servant who as Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Agriculture had directed the Food Production Campaign during the Second World War .
Iravikkutti Pillai ( 1603 - -1635 ) was a great Commander - in - Chief of the Venad Kingdom of South Kerala in India .
Elizabeth , Countess de Gramont ( née Hamilton ; 1640 -- 3 June 1708 ) , was an Irish - born courtier and a lady - in - waiting ( Dame du Palais ) to Louis XIV 's queen consort , Maria Theresa of Spain .
Gwenddoleu ap Ceidio ( died c. 573 ) or Gwenddolau was a Brythonic king who ruled in Arfderydd ( now Arthuret ) .
Kamakahukilani Von Oelhoffen ( 1935 - -1999 ) was a Native Hawaiian educator , poet , and activist known for her repeated assertion of the rights of indigenous cultural practice .
Joseph Devonsher Jackson PC ( 23 June 1783 -- 19 December 1857 ) was an Irish Conservative MP in the United Kingdom Parliament and subsequently a Judge .
Louis Salvérius , also known as Salvérius or Salve ( Soignies , 1 April 1930 - 22 May 1972 ) was a Walloon comics artist .
Sir Christopher More ( c.1483 - -16 August 1549 ) was an English administrator , landowner , and Member of Parliament .
Nathan Krinsky , also known as Nat Krinsky , ( 8 January 1899 -- 8 May 1984 ) was born to Russian immigrants and was a professional basketball player .
Merrill Blosser ( May 28 , 1892 -- 1983 ) was the creator of the comic strip Freckles and His Friends , which had a long run ( 1915 - -71 ) .
Sir William Ashburnham , 5th Baronet ( 5 March 1739 -- 21 August 1823 ) was a British politician .
Johann Matthias Gesner ( 9 April 1691 -- 3 August 1761 ) was a German classical scholar and schoolmaster .
Elma Napier ( née Gordon - Cumming ; 23 March 1892 -- 12 November 1973 ) , also known as Elma Gibbs and by the pen - name Elizabeth Garner , was a Scottish - born writer and politician who lived most of her life in the Caribbean island of Dominica .
Muhammad Said al - Attar ( محمد سعيد العطار ) ( 2005 - -1927 ) was the acting Prime Minister of Yemen for five months in 1994 .
Nathaniel Gow ( 1763 - -1831 ) was the fourth son of Niel Gow , and a celebrated performer , composer and arranger of tunes , songs and other pieces on his own right .
Gan of Balhae ( died 818 ) ( r. 817 - -818 ) was king of Balhae .
Hideki Richard Okada ( 2 July 1945 -- 4 April 2012 ) was Professor of Japanese at Princeton University , in the East Asian Studies Department .
Sir Richard de Exeter ( died 1327 ) was an Anglo - Irish knight and baron .
Rai Bahadur Daya Ram Sahni CIE ( 16 December 1879 -- 7 March 1939 ) was an Indian archaeologist who supervised the excavation of the Indus valley site at Harappa in 1921 - 22 .
Alberico da Romano ( 1196 -- 26 August 1260 ) , called Alberico II , was an Italian condottiero , troubadour , and an alternatingly Guelph and Ghibelline statesman .
Joseph Sobek ( 1918 - -1998 ) was an American inventor who invented racquetball .
Alexander Bogen ( Hebrew : אלכסנדר בוגן‎ ; born January 24 , 1916 -- October 20 , 2010 ) was a Polish - Israeli artist , painter , sculptor , stage designer , book illustrator and a commander partisan during World War II .
Karin Gunvor Sjöblom Hägglund ( 2 March 1932 -- 19 August 2011 ) , better known as Gun Hägglund , was a Swedish television host and translator .
Jack Bee Garland ( 9 December 1869 -- 19 September 1936 ) was a trans man , author , nurse and adventurer .
Nathaniel Davison ( c.1736 - -1809 ) was an English diplomat , known for his writings on Egyptian archaeology .
Francis Stephen Cary ( 10 May 1808 -- 6 January 1880 ) was an English painter and art teacher who succeeded Henry Sass as the head of Sass 's art academy .
Sir Bevil Granville ( died 1706 ) was an English soldier who served as Governor of Pendennis Castle in Cornwall and as Governor of Barbados .
Guido Fibbia ( 1 October 1917 -- 1 July 1988 ) was an Italian Second World War fighter pilot in the Regia Aeronautica and in the Aeronautica Nazionale Repubblicana .
Sir James Long , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1617 -- 22 January 1692 ) was an English politician and Royalist soldier .
Arthur Midy is a French painter born on 18 March 1877 in Saint - Quentin and died on 18 March 1944 in Le Faouët .
Terry Major - Ball ( 2 July 1932 -- 13 March 2007 ) was the elder brother of the former British Prime Minister John Major , who during his brother 's seven - year premiership had a brief career as a television and radio personality and newspaper columnist .
Andrew Vivian ( 1759 - -1842 ) was a British mechanical engineer , inventor , and mine captain of the Dolcoath mine in Cornwall , England .
Lord George Gordon ( 26 December 1751 -- 12 November 1793 ) was a British politician best known for lending his name to the Gordon Riots of 1780 .
Egon Eis , born Egon Eisler ( 6 October 1910 -- 6 September 1994 ) was an Austrian screenwriter .
Malinovskii Ioanikii Aleksieevich ( 04 ( 16 ) . ХІ.1868 , Ostroh of Volyn guberniya -- 12 . І. 1932 , Kyiv ) -- historian of law , legal scholar , academician of All - Ukrainian Academy of Sciences ( Ukr . Abbr . `` VUAN '' ) .
Baldwin FitzGilbert ( died 1090 ) ( alias Baldwin the Sheriff , Baldwin of Exeter , Baldwin de Meulles / Moels and Baldwin du Sap ) was an Anglo - Norman magnate and one of the 52 Devon Domesday Book tenants - in - chief of King William the Conqueror .
Aodh mac Conchobar Maenmaige Ua Conchobair , Prince of Connacht and Irish Crusader , died 1219 .
Philip Dixon Hardy ( 1794 - 1875 ) was an Irish poet , bookseller , printer and publisher .
Johanne Reutz Gjermoe ( 4 January 1896 -- 4 February 1989 ) was a Norwegian economist and politician , a proponent for women 's rights and peace activist .
Hugh Holmes QC ( 17 February 1840 -- 19 April 1916 ) was an Irish Conservative Party then after 1886 a Unionist Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the United Kingdom Parliament and subsequently a Judge of the High Court and Court of Appeal in Ireland .
Rowland De Winton Aldridge ( 1906 - -1997 ) ( commonly known as Winton Aldridge ) was a British architect , architectural historian and artist .
Lucius Israel Barber ( October 7 , 1806 - February 16 , 1889 ) was a politician in the Wisconsin Territory and Connecticut .
Anastasia of Greater Poland ( Polish : Anastazja Mieszkówna ; b. ca . 1164 - d. aft . 31 May 1240 ) , was a Polish princess member of the House of Piast and by marriage Duchess of Pomerania .
Sava Dobroplodni ( Bulgarian : Сава Доброплодни ; 3 December 1820 -- 19 April 1894 ) , born Sava Hadzhiiliev ( Сава Хаджиилиев ) , was a Bulgarian writer , teacher and theatrical worker of the Bulgarian National Revival and an honorary member of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences .
Mary Melissa Hoadley Dodge ( 1861 -- 24 December 1934 ) was an American heiress who moved to England and sponsored many causes during her life , including women 's suffrage , Theosophy and the arts .
Giles of Lessines OP ( died c. 1304 ) was a thirteenth - century Dominican scholastic philosopher , a pupil of Thomas Aquinas .
John Minter Morgan ( 1782 - -1854 ) , was an author and philanthropist .
Yrjö Norta ( originally Nyberg , 18 March 1904 -- 11 November 1988 ) was a Finnish film director , screenwriter , editor , cinematographer and sound editor .
Pandeli Sotiri ( 1842 - -1892 ) was an Albanian activist that acted as director of the first Albanian school of modern times in Korçë .
J. Nicholas Podier ( died 1 July 1988 ) was a Liberian soldier and government official in the 1980s .
Johann Friedrich Krummnow ( or Krumnow ) ( 1811 -- 3 October 1880 ) was a German - born settler in Australia .
Joseph Bernard Clark ( 1868 - 1940 ) was a British ornamental plasterer and co - founder of the specialist plasterwork company of Clark & Fenn .
Frank Edward Tylecote CBE ( 23 May 1879 -- 7 October 1965 ) was a British doctor , and one of the first physicians to draw attention to the connection between smoking and lung cancer .
Jan Baptist van Heil ( 1604 in Brussels --1685 ) was a Flemish Baroque painter .
Sir William Carson ( baptised 4 June 1770 -- 26 February 1843 ) , often called `` The Great Reformer '' , was an important doctor and businessman in Newfoundland .
Sayyid Baraka ( 1343 - -1403 ) was a holy man of the commercial city of Tirmidh , and spiritual teacher and friend to the 14th century warlord Timur .
Philip George Houthem Gell ( 20 October 1914 -- 3 May 2001 ) was an immunologist working in postwar Britain .
Iacob Dybwad Sømme ( 5 September 1898 -- 3 March 1944 ) was a Norwegian ichthyologist and resistance member .
Czeslaw Znamierowski ( 23 May 1890 -- 9 August 1977 ) was a renowned Soviet Lithuanian painter , known for his large artworks and love of nature .
Charles Edward Sims ( 4 May 1925 - 8 August 1983 ) was the State Librarian of Kansas from 1973 to 1975 .
William Galeon ( died 1507 ) , was a learned English Augustinian .
Mariangiola Criscuolo ( c. 1548 - -1630 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active mainly in her natal city of Naples .
J. Vreeland Moore ( 1824 - - July 8 , 1903 ) was a brigadier general of the 1st New Jersey Regiment who played a major role in the history of Leonia , New Jersey .
John Hayls , also Hailes ( 1600 - -1679 ) , was an English Baroque - era portrait painter , principally known for his portrait of Samuel Pepys .
Rev. Hamnet Holditch , also spelled Hamnett Holditch ( 1800 -- 12 December 1867 ) , was an English mathematician who was president of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge .
Geoffrey de Burgh ( c. 1180 -- 8 December 1228 ) was a medieval Bishop of Ely .
Carlo Portelli ( died 1574 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active mainly in Florence .
Alexander Brownlie Docharty ( 1862 - 1940 ) was a Scottish painter , mainly in oils .
Henry Hayes Vowles ( born at Victoria Park Farm , 26 June 1843 , Bath , England and died 13 November 1905 , Gloucester , England ) was an English author , theologian and a Wesleyan Minister .
İsfendiyar Bey ( full name : İzzettin İsfendiyar ) was the bey ( ruler ) of Candaroğlu Beylik an Anatolian beylik between 1385 and 1440 .
Giovanni Battista Crivelli ( died March 1652 ) was an Italian composer .
Virginia Wales Johnson ( 28 December 1849 , in Brooklyn , New York -- 16 January 1916 ) was a United States novelist .
Sulim Yamadayev was shot in Dubai on 28 March 2009 , and died in hospital on 30 March 2009 .
Lydia Gould ( born 1952 - 1957 ) is a racing cyclist specialising in cross country and marathon mountain bike racing , and is a prolific medallist at the national championships and national points series .
George Thomas Bryan Palmer ( 1899 - -1990 ) was an Australian Rugby Union player who coached the Wallabies .
Constantine Coronini ( September 19 , 1881 - 1924 , Harbin , China ) was a Russian Orthodox ( later Greek Catholic ) priest .
João , Prince of Brazil ( Lisbon , 30 August 1688 - Lisbon , 17 September 1688 ) was the first child of Pedro II of Portugal and Maria Sophia of Neuburg .
Nicholas Ling ( fl.1570 - -1607 ) was a London publisher , bookseller , and editor who published several important Elizabethan works , including the first and second quartos of Shakespeare 's Hamlet .
Sigmund Rascher ( 12 February 1909 -- 26 April 1945 ) was a German SS doctor .
Fortunato Pio Castellani ( 6 May 1794 -- 1 January 1865 ) was a 19th - century Italian jeweller and founder of Castellani , an Italian jewellery company .
Stephen Fumio Hamao ( 濱尾 文郎 Hamao Fumio ) ( 9 March 1930 -- 8 November 2007 ) was a Japanese Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and was the President of the Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Migrants and Itinerants until it merged with other elements of the Roman Curia .
Zhou Baozhong ( Chinese : 周保中 ; pinyin : Zhōu Bǎozhōng ; 1902 - -1964 ) was a commander of the Northeast Anti - Japanese United Army resisting the pacification of Manchukuo by the Empire of Japan .
Sir Husein Hasanally Abdoolcader , CBE ( b. 10 September 1890 , in Surat , Bombay Presidency , British India ; d. 16 June 1974 ) was a barrister and politician in Malaya .
Hakaru Masumoto ( 1895 - -1987 ) was a pioneer in metal and alloy research .
Yu Eung - bu ( died 1456 ) was a military official of the early Joseon Dynasty and is remembered as one of the six martyred ministers .
Paul Pons ( 1864 - -1915 ) , stage name le Colosse , was a French wrestler .
Hans Holtermann ( c. 1709 -- 1781 ) , also known as Hans Henrik Holtermann or Hans Henriksen Holtermann , was a Norwegian businessman and landowner .
On the 8 March 1995 , Naomi Feinbrun - Dothan died just before her ninety - fifth birthday .
Owen Lloyd George , 3rd Earl Lloyd - George of Dwyfor , DL ( 28 April 1924 -- 29 July 2010 ) was a British Peer .
Niall mac Cernaig Sotal ( died 701 ) was a king in southern Brega of the Uí Chernaig sept of Lagore of the Síl nÁedo Sláine .
René Guilbaud ( 8 October 1890 -- 18 June 1928 ) was an early-20th - century French military aviator .
Mohib Omar al - Jadaan was killed by an explosive device in Atme on 5 January 2015 , near the Turkish border .
Daniel Isaac Eaton ( 1753 - -1814 ) was an English radical author , publisher and activist .
Bran Mut mac Conaill ( died 693 ) was a king of Leinster from the Uí Dúnlainge branch of the Laigin .
Stephen Gold ( died 12 January 2015 ) was a hacker and journalist who in the mid-1980s was convicted -- and then acquitted -- of accessing the personal message account of Prince Philip .
Ben Barrell ( 14 May 1885 -- 14 July 1969 ) was an English first - class cricketer who represented Lancashire .
Sir Harry Gilbert Barling , 1st Baronet CB CBE FRCS ( 30 April 1855 -- 27 April 1940 ) was an English surgeon .
John Van Zandt ( died 1847 ) was an abolitionist who aided the Underground Railroad resistance movement in Ohio after having been a slaveholder in Kentucky .
Melchor Casco de Mendoza ( 1581 - 1658 ) was a Spanish noblemen , Alcalde , and Alferez real of Buenos Aires .
Vally Weigl ( 11 September 1894 -- 25 December 1982 ) was an Austrian - American composer and music therapist .
Major - General Sir Theodore Fraser KCB , CSI , CMG ( 15 June 1865 -- 22 May 1953 ) , was a British soldier of the Royal Engineers , serving for most of his career with the Indian Army .
Hugh Moss Gerald Forsgate , CBE , JP ( Chinese : 霍士傑 , 22 February 1919 -- 21 October 2001 ) was a director and general manager of Hong Kong and Kowloon Wharf and Godown Company Limited , member and chairman of the Urban Council , and chairman of the Kowloon--
Józef Berger ( 14 March 1901 in Orłowa - 11 June 1962 in Bratislava ) was a Polish Lutheran pastor , theologian and politician from the region of Zaolzie , Czechoslovakia .
Maksim Sedej ( 26 May 1909 -- 13 May 1974 ) was a Slovene painter , one of the key figures of the mid-20th - century art scene in Slovenia .
Douglas Marsden - Jones CBE born Marsden Douglas Jones ( 1893 -- 5 January 1955 ) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Cardiff and London Welsh .
Giselbert of Luxembourg ( c. 1007 -- 14 August 1059 ) was count of Salm and of Longwy , then count of Luxemburg from 1047 to 1059 .
Friedrich Held ( 21 July 1812 -- 25 January 1872 ) was a German malacologist .
Susan Baird ( 26 May 1940 -- 24 January 2009 ) was the Labour Party Councillor for the Braidfauld ward of the City of Glasgow , Scotland .
Harry Winter ( 24 September 1914 -- 3 December 2001 ) , born Horst Winter , was a German - Austrian singer , musician and band director .
After being incapacitated for several years as the result of a dancing injury , Penelope Spencer died of pneumonia on 3 October 1993 .
Mahmud al - Hasan ( Urdu : محمود الحسن‎ , Maḥmūdu'l - Ḥasan ) also known as Mahmud Hasan ( 1851 -- 30 November 1920 ) was a Deobandi Sunni Muslim scholar who was active against British rule in India .
Barney Ramsden ( Sheffield , 8 November 1917 -- California , 1990 ) was a professional footballer who played as a defender for Liverpool , Sunderland and Hartlepools United .
Barbara Hemphill ( -- 1858 ) was an Irish writer of novels .
Giovanni Nanni , also Giovanni de ' Ricamatori , better known as Giovanni da Udine ( 1487 - -1564 ) , was an Italian painter and architect born in Udine .
Sir Walter Calverley , 1st Baronet ( 1670 -- 15 October 1749 ) was an English aristocrat .
Patrick Hines ( 1930 - -1985 ) , born Mainer Patrick Hines , was an American actor who portrayed Kapellmeister Bonno in the 1984 film Amadeus .
Robert Barlow ( 18 February 1813 -- 16 February 1883 ) was a cartographer and topographical draftsman from England who spent most of his career there with the Ordnance Survey of Great Britain .
John Howard Parnell ( 1843 -- 3 May 1923 ) was an older brother of the Irish Nationalist leader Charles Stewart Parnell and after his brother 's death was himself a Parnellite Nationalist Member of Parliament , for South Meath from 1895 to 1900 .
Josef Karl Rädler ( 1844 - -1917 ) was a porcelain painter from Austria , described as `` ... one of the most exciting self - taught artists to be discovered in recent years . ''
Napuc Chi ( died ca . 1541 ) , often known by his title Ah Kin Chi ( where Ah Kin , or in modern orthography Aj K'in is a title meaning `` priest '' or `` sacerdote '' ) was a Yucatec Maya noble from Maní .
Arnold Pressburger ( 27 August 1885 -- 17 February 1951 ) was an Austrian Jewish film producer who produced 79 films between 1913 and 1951 .
Felipe Diricksen , also Diriksen or Deriksen , ( 1590 - 1679 ) , was a Spanish Baroque painter primarily of portraits and religious paintings , and a member of a family of Flemish painters .
James Watney ( 18 December 1800 - -1884 ) was a brewer and landowner who resided at Haling Park , Croydon , and Beddington , Surrey .
Charalambos Vilaetis ( Greek : Χαράλαμπος Βιλαέτης , 1781 - -1821 ) was a Greek revolutionary leader .
Sir Thomas Erpingham KG ( c. 1355 - -1428 ) was an English knight who became famous as the commander of King Henry V 's longbow wielding archers at the Battle of Agincourt .
Minggatu ( Mongolian script : ᠮᠢᠨᠭᠭᠠᠲᠦ ; Chinese : 明安图 ; pinyin : Ming'antu , c.1692-c . 1763 ) , full name Sharabiin Myangat ( Mongolian : Шаравын Мянгат ) was a Mongolian astronomer , mathematician , and topographic scientist at the Qing court .
Jean - Baptiste Oudry ( 17 March 1686 -- 30 April 1755 ) was a French Rococo painter , engraver , and tapestry designer .
John George Gibson PC , QC ( 13 February 1846 - 28 June 1923 ) , was an Irish lawyer and Conservative politician .
Peter M. Arthur ( 1831 - 17 July 1903 ) was a Scottish immigrant to the United States who was leader of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers ( BLE ) for many years .
Anna Pierce Hobbs Bixby , born Anna Pierce ( 1812 - -1873 ) , was a midwife , herbologist , and frontier doctor in southern Illinois .
Charlotte Lennox , Duchess of Richmond ( née Lady Charlotte Gordon ; 20 September 1768 -- 5 May 1842 ) , was a British peeress best known as the hostess of the Duchess of Richmond 's ball .
Alice Curwen ( c. 1619 - -1679 ) was an English Quaker missionary , who wrote an autobiography published , along with correspondence , as part of A Relation of the Labour , Travail and Suffering of that Faithful Servant of the Lord , Alice Curwen(1680 ) .
Major General Deshamanya Alexander Richard Udugama , MBE , psc , CSR ( 11 November 1911 -- 14 May 1995 ) was a Sri Lankan military leader , politician and diplomat .
Elisabeth Berenberg ( 2 December 1749 -- 16 January 1822 ) was a Hamburg heiress , merchant banker and a member of the Berenberg family .
François Dupré ( 1888 -- 26 June 1966 ) was a French , hotelier , art collector , and owner of the thoroughbred horse breeding and racing farm , Haras d'Ouilly .
William Trail ( 23 June 1746 -- 3 February 1831 ) was a mathematician from Scotland in the 18th century , known by his text books .
William Stanley , 6th Earl of Derby , KG ( 1561 -- 29 September 1642 ) was an English nobleman .
Robert Ashley Vines ( 16 January 1891 -- 10 August 1977 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Princess Xu Zhaopei ( 徐昭佩 ) ( died 549 ) was an imperial princess of the Chinese Liang Dynasty .
Luella Bates ( b. Luella Born , October 17 , 1897 - d. Luella Coates , November 25 , 1985 ) was the first woman truck driver .
John Knox Bokwe ( 15 March 1855 -- 22 February 1922 ) was a South African journalist , Presbyterian minister and one of the most celebrated Xhosa hymn writers and musician .
Robert Petre , 7th Baron Petre ( 1689 -- 22 March 1713 ) was a British peer , the son of Thomas Petre , 6th Baron Petre ( 1633 - -1706 ) and his wife Mary Clifton , daughter of Sir Thomas Clifton .
Hugo Valentin ( 1888 - -1963 ) was a Swedish historian , scholar and leading Zionist .
George Whitney Calhoun ( September 16 , 1890 -- December 6 , 1963 ) was a sports and telegraph editor for the Press - Gazette of Green Bay , Wisconsin , USA .
Gongsun Du ( died 204 ) , courtesy name Shengji , was a military general and warlord who lived in the late Eastern Han Dynasty .
William Goodlad ( c. 1576 - -1639 ) was a 17th - century English whaler .
Thomas Cockson , or Coxon ( bap . 1569 -- fl . 1609 - 30 or 1636 -- d. 1641 ) , was one of the earliest English engravers .
Archimandrite Monsignor Victor J. Pospishil ( 1915 -- 2006 ) was a Ukrainian Catholic priest and a leading scholar on Canon law and the Eastern Catholic churches .
Ravi Chopra ( 27 September 1946 -- 12 November 2014 ) was an Indian movie producer and director .
Nestore Leoni ( L'Aquila , Abruzzo , February 14 , 1862 - 1947 ) was an Italian painter and illuminator of manuscripts ( miniatore ) .
Édouard Vanzeveren ( 27 April 1905 -- 12 May 1948 ) was a French freestyle swimmer .
Lauchlan Maclean , 2nd Laird of Brolas ( 1650 - -1687 ) was the second Laird of Brolas .
Alick Horsnell ( 1882 - -1916 ) was an architect , draughtsmen and artist working in London during the early years of the 20th Century .
After his death on 27 June 1922 , Malick Sy was succeeded by his son Seydi Ababacar Sy as the khalife général des Tidjanes from 1922 to 1957 .
Jane Savage ( born 1752/1753 , died 1824 ) was an English harpsichordist and composer .
William Hamlin ( 15 October 1772 -- 22 November 1869 ) , an entrepreneur , was an early American engraver and the first engraver for the state of Rhode Island .
John W. Keys III ( 1941 - -2008 ) was the director of the United States Bureau of Reclamation from 2001 to 2006 .
Mehli Mehta ( 25 September 1908 -- 19 October 2002 ) was an Indian conductor and violinist .
Colonel William Thomas Reay CBE VD ( 10 November 1858 - -11 November 1929 ) was an Australian journalist , newspaper editor and politician .
Alexander Savvas ( 1907 - 1981 ) was a Greek Professor of Medicine at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki , Faculty of Anatomy .
Benjamin Harrison III ( 1673 -- April 10 , 1710 ) was an early member of the Harrison Family of Virginia , serving as the colony 's Attorney General , Treasurer , and Speaker of the House of Burgesses .
Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer ( Tamil : மகாராஜபுரம் விசுவநாதையர் ) ( 1896 - -1970 ) was one of the great Indian Carnatic vocalists .
James Fussell IV ( 1748 - -1832 ) was an iron magnate operating the Old Ironstone Works , Mells in Vallis Vale between Mells and Great Elm in Somerset .
Miles Dewey Davis , Jr. ( March 1 , 1898 - -1962 ) was an afluent American dentist and father of jazz legend Miles Davis .
John Brereton ( ca . 1571/1572 - ca . 1632 ) was a gentleman adventurer and chronicler of the 1602 voyage to the New World led by Bartholomew Gosnold .
James Thomas Hooper ( 1 September 1897 -- 9 February 1971 ) was a British collector of ethnographic artifacts of the Inuit , Native American , Oceanic and African peoples .
Samuel Colver ( September 10 , 1817 -- February 15 , 1891 ) was one of the first pioneers of the U.S. state of Oregon .
Edvard Heiberg ( 11 June 1911 , in Oslo -- 10 June 2000 , in Oslo ) was a Norwegian director and engineer .
Arthur Dacres ( 1624 - -1678 ) was an English physician and academic , briefly Gresham Professor of Geometry .
Theodoros Natsinas ( Greek : Θεόδωρος Νάτσινας ; 8 July 1872 - 2 February 1949 ) was a Greek teacher .
Fartein Valen - Sendstad ( 1918 - -1984 ) was a Norwegian historian and museologist .
Gaetano Bavagnoli ( 1879 - -1933 ) was an Italian conductor who was particularly known for his work within the field of opera .
Richard Southby ( 1623 - 7 January 1704 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 and from 1679 to 1689 .
Henri Smets ( Wezembeek - Oppem , 1895 - Brussel , 1994 ) was a Belgian cross country athlete .
Henry John Stephen Smith ( 2 November 1826 -- 9 February 1883 ) was a mathematician remembered for his work in elementary divisors , quadratic forms , and Smith--
Jacques Hardel ( died March 1678 ) was a French composer and harpsichordist .
Hallgerður Gísladóttir ( 28 September 1952 -- 1 February 2007 ) was an Icelandic ethnologist and poet .
Edmund Kean ( 4 November 1787 -- 15 May 1833 ) was a celebrated Shakespearean stage actor born in England , who performed in London , Belfast , New York , Quebec , and Paris among other places .
John Dooley Reigh ( died Manchester , 25 February 1914 ) was a cartoonist whose work generally supported Irish nationalism .
Barnabe Googe or Goche ( 11 June 1540 -- 7 February 1594 ) ( also spelled Barnaby Goodge ) was a poet and translator , one of the earliest English pastoral poets .
Nicholas O'Shea ( 1866 - -1912 ) was an Irish hurler who played as midfielder for the Dublin senior team .
George Loftus Noyes ( 1864 - -1954 ) was a Canadian born artist who gained fame in the early 20th century as an American Impressionist .
Albrecht Glockendon the Elder ( c. 1432 , Nuremberg -- 1474 . Also spelled Albert Glockenton ) was a German engraver and manuscript illuminator .
Michele Maylender ( Hungarian : Maylender Mihály ) ( September 11 , 1863 -- 1911 ) was an Italian politician ( inside the Hungarian Crown 's states ) who was the founder of the Autonomist Association , known also as Autonomist Party in Fiume .
Ulloor S. Parameswara Iyer ( 6 June 1877 -- 15 June 1949 ) ( commonly known as Ulloor ) was a Malayalam poet and historian .
Ave Ninchi ( 14 December 1915 -- 10 November 1997 ) was an Italian supporting actress who played character roles on stage , television , and in over 98 feature films that included Tomorrow Is Too Late ( 1949 ) and Louis Malle 's Lacombe Lucien ( 1974 ) .
Joseph B. Hagey ( 1810 - -1876 ) was the Bishop of the Mennonite Church in Ontario from 1852 until his death in 1876 .
Winétt de Rokha was the mid - career pen name of the Chilean poet and writer Luisa Victoria Anabalón Sanderson ( July 7 , 1894 -- August 7 , 1951 ) .
Mika Ahola ( 13 December 1974 -- 15 January 2012 ) was a Finnish enduro rider and a five - time world champion .
Alexander Travis ( 23 August 1790 -- 2 December 1852 ) was a Baptist preacher and a prominent member of the Alabama Baptist State Convention .
William Henry Leggett ( February 24 , 1816 -- April 11 , 1882 ) was a botanist and journalist , who founded the Torrey Botanical Bulletin .
Sir David Hardie ( 4 June 1856 -- 11 November 1945 ) was an Australian medical practitioner .
Max Loehr ( 4 December 1903 - 16 September 1988 ) was an art historian and professor of Chinese art at Harvard University from 1960 to 1974 .
Ángel Rambert ( 12 June 1936 -- 25 October 1983 ) was an Argentine - born French footballer .
Alfred Owen Crozier ( 1863 - -1939 ) was a Midwest attorney who wrote eight books on the political , legal , and monetary problems of the United States .
Donatus , Romulus , Secundian , and 86 Companions ( died c. 304 ) were a group of Christians who were martyred at Gruaro ( at the time called Concordia ) , near Venice , during the Diocletian persecution .
G. S. Gai ( Govind Swamirao Gai ) ( March 3 , 1917 -- February 5 , 1995 ) was an Indian epigraphist , historical linguist , and historian , known for his expertise in early - medieval Kannada language inscriptions .
Charles Southwell ( 1814 -- 7 August 1860 ) was a radical English journalist and freethinker .
Christina Reinira van Reede ( 14 August 1776 , Utrecht - 18 December 1847 , The Hague ) was a Dutch courtier and noble orangist heroine .
Sir John Vanden - Bempde - Johnstone , 2nd Baronet ( 28 August 1799 -- 24 February 1869 ) was a British Member of Parliament .
Helen Iglauer Glueck ( 1907 - -1995 ) was an American physician known for her research in blood chemistry that linked bleeding disorders in newborns with lack of Vitamin K in breast milk .
Anton Rolandsson Martin ( 3 August 1729 at Mijntenhoff Manor , Reval--30 January 1785 in Åbo ) was a Swedish botanist .
Jean - Baptiste Rondelet ( 4 June 1743 -- 25 September 1829 ) was an architectural theorist of the late Enlightenment era and chief architect of the church of Sainte - Geneviève after the death of Jacques Germain Soufflot of cancer in 1780 .
Richard Overton Hunziker ( 6 Jul 1916 -- 29 May 1971 ) was a decorated World War II fighter pilot and later United States Air Force major general .
The Reverend William Darwin Fox ( 23 April 1805 -- 8 April 1880 ) was an English clergyman , naturalist , and a second cousin of Charles Darwin .
Pedro Rodriguez Flores Díaz ( 1609 - 1682 ) was a Spanish military , landowner .
Henry Francis Lyte ( 1 June 1793 -- 20 November 1847 ) was an Anglican divine , hymn - writer and poet .
Marion Vera Cuthbert ( 1896 - -1989 ) was a writer and intellectual associated with the Harlem Renaissance .
Thomas Ludford Bellamy ( 1770 - -1843 ) was an English singer , also for a time a theatre manager .
Sergeant Major Henry H. Black ( 9 February 1929 -- 24 August 2012 ) , USMC retired , was the seventh Sergeant Major of the Marine Corps ( 1975 - -1977 ) .
Nathaniel Plimer ( 1757 - -1822 ) was an English miniature portrait painter .
Liu Shouwen ( 劉守文 ) ( died 910 ) was a warlord who ruled Yichang Circuit ( 義昌 , headquartered in modern Cangzhou , Hebei ) as its military governor ( Jiedushi ) late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and early during Tang 's succeeding dynasty Later Liang .
Carl Conjola ( 1773 - -1831 ) was a German landscape painter in water colours and oil .
Vytautas Norkus ( 28 January 1921 -- 29 January 2014 ) was a Lithuanian - born American basketball player .
Rogelio Nores Martínez ( 1906 - -1975 ) was an Argentine engineer and politician .
Jack Rigby ( 1924 - -1997 ) was a footballer who played as a centre half in the Football League for Manchester City .
Pearce Bailey ( 1865 - -1922 ) was an American neurologist and psychiatrist , educated at Princeton and Columbia Universities .
Josef Leopold Zvonař ( 22 January 1824 -- 23 November 1865 ) was a Czech composer , pedagogue , and big music critic .
Ruy González de Clavijo ( died 2 April 1412 ) was a Castilian traveller and writer .
Gustaf Cronhielm ( 18 July 1664 , Stockholm -- 3 June 1737 ) was a Swedish nobleman and politician .
Otto , Lord of Lippe ( c. 1300 -- c. 1360 ) was the ruling Count of Lippe - Lemgo from 1344 until his death .
Cathal O'Byrne ( 1867 -- 1 August 1957 ) was an Irish singer , poet and writer .
Subutai revealed the plot and Puresh , his son Atämaz and many Moksha warriors were killed sleeping after midnight of 9 April 1241 .
Tanyus Shahin Saadeh al - Rayfouni ( also spelled Tanios Chahine Saadé Al Rayfouné , given name also spelled Taniyus or Tanius ) ( 1815 - -1895 ) was a Maronite muleteer from Mount Lebanon who led a peasants ' revolt in the area of Keserwan in 1859 .
Anderson Gray McKendrick ( 8 September 1876 -- 30 May 1943 ) was a Scottish physician and epidemiologist pioneered the use of mathematical methods in epidemiology .
Herbert Money ( 29 November 1899 -- 9 January 1996 ) was a pioneering educator who had a significant and lasting impact on the growth and life of the evangelical church in Peru and South America .
Edmund Veckenstedt ( 1840 - -1903 ) was an educator , ethnologist and folklorist who published many works , sometimes under the pseudonym Heinrich Veltheim .
Saint Benedict of Aniane ( c. 747 -- 12 February 821 ) , born Witiza and called the Second Benedict , was a Benedictine monk and monastic reformer , who left a large imprint on the religious practice of the Carolingian Empire .
Tormod Skagestad ( 9 August 1920 -- 4 January 1997 ) was a Norwegian poet , novelist , playwright , actor and theatre director .
Dai Zhou ( died 633 ) , courtesy name Xuanyin , posthumously known as Duke Zhong of Dao , was a Chinese official who lived in the Sui dynasty and early Tang dynasty .
Maarten de Niet Gerritzoon ( born 16 March 1904 in Bodegraven -- died 25 July 1979 in The Hague ) was a Dutch politician .
Könchek ( died 1308 ) was Khan of the Chagatai Khanate ( 1307 - -1308 ) .
Lord Edward FitzGerald ( 15 October 1763 -- 4 June 1798 ) was an Irish aristocrat and revolutionary who died of wounds received while resisting arrest on a charge of treason .
Augustin van de Werve ( 1764 - -1793 ) , baron of Lichtaert , formed part of a very old , important and noble family of Antwerp .
Malik Akhmedilov ( Russian : Малик Ахмедилов ; c. 1976 -- 11 August 2009 ) , also known as Abdulmalik Akhmedilov , was a Russian investigative journalist based in the southern Republic of Dagestan .
Archbishop André Perraudin ( 7 October 1914 - 25 April 2003 ) was a Swiss Catholic clergyman who lived in Rwanda for nearly fifty years .
Bernard Laidebeur ( 11 July 1942 -- 21 April 1991 ) was a French athlete , who mainly competed in the 100 metres .
Teresio Maria Languasco ( 1651 - -1698 ) was an Italian painter and an Augustinian monk .
Jean Victor Tharreau or Jean Victor Thareau ( 15 January 1767 , Le May - sur - Èvre -- 26 September 1812 ) , was a General of Division in the Army of the French Empire .
Cyril Furmstone Evans ( born 1892 in Croydon , Surrey , UK , died 1959 ) was a 20th - century wireless telegraphist notable for his involvement in the Titanic tragedy .
Euphemia F. Vsevolozhskaya ( 1630 - 1657 ) , was a Russian noble , the fiancee of Tsar Alexis of Russia .
Elias Lee Francis III ( ca . 1945 -- 7 July 2003 ) was a Laguna Pueblo - Anishinaabe poet , educator , and founder of the Wordcraft Circle of Native Writers and Storytellers .
Alfred P. Southwick ( 1826 - -1898 ) , was a steam - boat engineer , dentist and inventor from Buffalo , New York .
Wendy Boase ( 14 October 1944 -- 15 March 1999 ) born in Melbourne , Australia , she was one of the co - founders of the children 's publishing company Walker Books .
Friedrich Julius Stahl ( 16 January 1802 -- 10 August 1861 ) , German constitutional lawyer , political philosopher and politician .
Sir Philip Hoby ( also Hobby or Hobbye ) ( 1505 -- 31 May 1558 ) was a 16th - century English Ambassador to the Holy Roman Empire and Flanders .
Robert Prentiss Daniel ( November 2 , 1902 -- January 1968 ) was an African - American educator and college administrator .
Carl Axel Mothander ( 1886 - 1965 ) a former Swedish reserve officer ; major in the White Finnish Army in the Finnish War of Independence 1917/18 , organizer of the Finnish White Army 's field hospitals promoted to major ; commander of the Swedish volunteers in the Estonian War of Independence promoted to lieutenant colonel .
Henry C. Dudley ( 1813 - -1894 ) , known also as Henry Dudley , was an English - born North American architect , known for his Gothic Revival churches .
Theodore Cardwell Barker ( 19 July 1923 -- 22 November 2001 ) , usually known as Theo Barker , was a British social and economic historian .
Riccardo Cassin ( 2 January 1909 -- 6 August 2009 ) was an Italian mountaineer , developer of mountaineering equipment and author .
Charles Concordia ( born 20 June 1908 - died 25 December 2003 ) was a noted American electrical engineer specializing in electrical power engineering and the early history of computer hardware .
Dr. Bartholomew Woodlock DD ( 1819 - 1902 ) was an Irish Catholic priest , educator and bishop , a founder of the Society of Saint Vincent de Paul in Ireland .
Khenpo Jigme Phuntsok ( Tib . འཇིགས་མེད་ཕུན་ཚོགས་འབྱུང་གནས་ , Wyl . ' jigs med phun tshogs ' byung gnas ; 1933 - -2004 ) was a Nyingma lama from Serthar of Kham .
Spencer Timothy Hall ( 16 December 1812 -- 26 April 1885 ) was an English writer and mesmerist .
Major general Jaroslav Čihák ( 24 July 1891 -- 30 April 1944 ) was an Austro - Hungarian army officer from 1914 and Russian legionary from 1916 ( command platoon and battalion ) .
Saint Hunna ( Una ) ( died 679 ) is a French saint .
Tiberius Julius Synges , also known as Synges ( flourished 3rd century -- died 276 ) was a prince and Roman Client King of the Bosporan Kingdom .
Brigadier - General John Carnac ( 1716 -- 29 November 1800 ) was a British officer who served three times as Commander - in - Chief of India .
Alija Sirotanović ( 14 August 1914 -- 16 May 1990 ) was a Yugoslav miner , Hero of Socialist Labour and perhaps the most famous of all Yugoslav udarniks .
Mujdin Aliu ( 1974 - -1999 ) was a Macedonian Albanian soldier who gained prominence in the Kosovo War .
Nahapet Kuchak ( Armenian : Նահապետ Քուչակ ) ( died 1592 ) was an Armenian medieval poet , one of the first ashughs .
László Deseő ( 26 June 1893 - 25 June 1948 ) was a Hungarian military officer and diplomat , who served as artillery commander of the Hungarian Second Army 's First Corps during the Second World War .
Russell Cornell Leffingwell ( 1878 - -1960 ) was an American banker who led the Council on Foreign Relations from 1944 until 1953 .
Olavi Reimas ( real name Unto Kalervo Eskola , 14 March 1914 − 9 June 1995 ) was a Finnish actor .
Lloyd Saxon Graham ( January 14 , 1922 -- May 19 , 2012 ) was a prominent American epidemiologist .
Ben E. Rich ( 1855 - -1913 ) was a leading missionary and spokesman for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) in the early 20th - century .
James J. Baldwin ( 1888 - 1955 ) , commonly known as J.J. Baldwin , was an American architect who designed numerous courthouse buildings and other works in several U.S. states .
George Claydon ( 4 September 1933 -- 4 October 2001 ) was a British actor notable for his dwarfism .
Thomas Birtwistle , Thomas ( 16 October 1833 , Great Harwood , Lancashire -- 22 March 1912 , Accrington ) was a trade unionist and factory inspector .
Peter Nicolay Skibsted died on 18 April 1832 in Copenhagen , and is buried in the churchyard of the Danish Naval Church ved Holmen .
Adolf Gottstein ( 2 November 1857 in Breslau - 3 March 1941 ) was a German social hygienist and epidemiologist .
Catherine , Lady Walpole ( née Shorter ; 1682 -- 20 August 1737 ) was the first wife of British politician and Prime Minister Robert Walpole from 30 July 1700 until her death in Chelsea in 1737 .
Mangalam Muthuswamy ( 1937 - -2007 ) was one of the notable vainikas in recent times .
Patrick Francis McGill ( 1913 - -1977 ) , known as Paddy McGill or P. F. McGill was a journalist and nationalist politician in Ireland .
Ed Tweddell ( c. 1941 -- 4 August 2005 ) was an Australian businessperson best known for his stint as CEO of Australia 's largest indigenous pharmaceutical manufacturer F H Faulding and as Chairman of Ansell .
Raoul Ploquin ( died 29 November 1992 ) was a French film producer , production manager and screenwriter .
Stephanie of Lampron ( ca . 1220/1225 -- soon after April 1 , 1249 , buried at Santa Sophia , Nicosia ) , was a queen consort of Cyprus , wife of Herny I de Lusignan , king of Cyprus .
John Biscoe ( 28 June 1794 -- 1843 ) was an English mariner and explorer who commanded the first expedition known to have sighted the areas named Enderby Land and Graham Land along the coast of Antarctica .
Charles - Richard Lambert ( died 1862 ) was a black American musician , conductor and music educator .
Fu Gongshi ( 輔公祏 ; died 624 ) was an agrarian rebel leader who served as Du Fuwei 's lieutenant during the disintegration of the Chinese dynasty Sui Dynasty , who later followed Du in submitting to Tang Dynasty .
Henry Cheyne , 1st Baron Cheyne ( 31 May 1540 -- 3 September 1587 ) was an English politician .
Charles Scott Haley ( November 8 , 1884 -- 1958 ) , a mining engineer , was an expert in the field of placer gold deposits .
André Thomkins ( 1930 - 8 November 1985 ) was a Swiss painter , illustrator , and poet .
Antonio Ascari ( 15 September 1888 -- 26 July 1925 ) was an Italian Grand Prix motor racing champion .
Kwok Chan ( 1904 -- 17 June 1967 ) was a Hong Kong businessman and member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong .
Sir James Stansfeld PC ( 5 October 1820 -- 17 February 1898 ) , was a British politician .
James Otto Lewis ( February 3 , 1799 -- November 2 , 1858 ) was an American engraver and painter who was noted for his portraits of Native Americans and other figures of the American frontier .
Andreas Leo Ateng Suripto ( 8 August 1942 -- 6 May 2003 ) , better known as Ateng and also known by the Chinese name Kho Tjeng Lie ( 邱诚烈 ) , was a popular Indonesian actor and comedian .
Charalambos Tseroulis ( Greek : Χαράλαμπος Τσερούλης , Missolonghi , 1 June 1879 -- 2 May 1929 ) was a distinguished Greek infantry officer who rose to the rank of Lieutenant General .
Gëzim Erebara ( 19 May 1929 -- 12 February 2007 ) was an Albanian film director , screen player , translator and cinematography historian of the second half of the 20th century .
Sir Charles Cockerell , 1st Baronet ( 18 February 1755 -- 6 January 1837 ) was an Somerset - born Englishman who prospered as an official of the British East India Company and became a politician .
Ratanchand Hirachand Doshi ( 1902 - -1981 ) was a scion of Walchand group , a noted industrialist , philanthropist , freedom fighter , and Jain social leader .
Leopold Casper ( 31 May 1859 -- 16 March 1959 ) was a German physician and urologist born in Berlin .
Ethel Leginska née Liggins ( 13 April 1886 -- 26 February 1970 ) was a British pianist , composer , conductor and music educator , having among her students harpsichordist Gavin Williamson , a long - time student of Artur Schnabel and Theodor Leschetizky , James Henry Fields , Daniel Pollack and Bruce Sutherland .
The Blessed Stephana de Quinzanis , T.O.S.D. , ( variant spellings include Stephanie , Stefana ; also , Quinzani ) ( 1457 -- 2 January 1530 ) was an Italian Dominican Sister , stigmatic and mystic .
Tasos Neroutsos ( 1826 - -1892 ) was a Greek physician and scholar .
Mikołaj Kiczka ( died 1429 ) was a Polish noble , diplomat and priest .
Alice Comyn , Countess of Buchan , Lady Beaumont ( 1289 -- 3 July 1349 ) was a Norman - Scottish noblewoman , a member of the powerful Comyn family which supported the Balliols , claimants to the disputed Scottish throne against their rivals , the Bruces .
John Raithby ( 1766 - -1826 ) , lawyer , born in 1766 , was eldest son of Edmund Raithby of Edenham , Lincolnshire .
Chen Shixiang ( 陈世骧 ; 1905 - -1988 ) , also known as Sicien H. Chen , was a Chinese entomologist .
The Honourable George Charles Grantley Fitzhardinge Berkeley ( 10 February 1800 -- 20 February 1881 ) , known as Grantley Berkeley , was a British politician , writer and sportsman .
Sir Edward Hoblyn Warren Bolitho KBE CB DSO ( 1882 -- 18 December 1969 ) was a Cornish landowner and politician .
Henry Otto Wix ( 1866 - -1922 ) , also known as Otto Wix , was a German - born landscape and portrait painter who emigrated to the United States in the late 1890s .
Ann Harriet Hughes ( 1852 -- 25 April 1910 ) was a Welsh language novelist , under the pen - name Gwyneth Vaughan .
George Gordon , 4th Earl of Huntly ( 1514 -- 28 October 1562 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Dr. Gyula Krajczár ( 1953 - -1998 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as mayor of Komárom between 1990 and 1998 .
James Frederic Elton ( 1840 - -1877 ) was an English explorer in Africa .
Kong Rong ( 153 - -208 ) , courtesy name Wenju , was a politician , scholar and minor warlord who lived in the late Eastern Han Dynasty .
Ya'akov Hazan ( Hebrew : יעקב חזן‎‎ , 4 June 1899 -- 22 July 1992 ) was an Israeli politician and social activist .
Marguerite III de Neufchâtel , ( 1480 - 1544 ) , was a German - Roman monarch as Princess Abbess of the Imperial Remiremont Abbey in France .
Jože Šmit ( 1 February 1922 -- 7 February 2004 ) was a Slovene poet , translator , editor and journalist .
Abraham Follett Osler ( 22 March 1808 -- 26 April 1903 ) , known as A. Follett Osler , was a pioneer in the measurement of meteorological and chronological data in Birmingham , England .
Zhang Lichang ( July 1939 -- 10 January 2008 ) was a Chinese politician .
Annesley Dias ( Sinhala : ඇනස්ලි ඩයස් ) ( 31 January 1927 to 12 June 2009 ) was a popular Sri Lankan comedian .
Iestyn ap Gwrgant ( ˈjɛstɪn ap ˈgʊrgant ) ( or Jestyn ap Gwrgant ) ( English : Justin , son of Gwrgant ) ( c. 1045 -- 1093 ) was the last ruler of the Welsh kingdom of Morgannwg , which encompassed the counties of Glamorgan and Monmouthshire .
Sándor Képíró ( 18 February 1914 -- 3 September 2011 ) was a gendarmerie captain during World War II accused of war crimes committed by Hungarian forces , and found not guilty .
Hugh Emlyn Hooson , Baron Hooson QC ( 26 March 1925 -- 21 February 2012 ) was a Welsh Liberal Democrat politician .
The Rt Rev Allen Goodings ( born 7 May 1925 , died 15 December 1992 ) was the tenth Bishop of Quebec .
Mary Catherine Ferguson ( 1823 - -1905 ) was an author and biographer in Dublin , Ireland .
Virginia Rich ( 1914 - -1985 ) was a mystery author who pioneered the `` culinary mystery '' subgenre .
Georgi Bolshakov ( 1922 - -1989 ) was a Soviet GRU officer under journalist cover who was posted to Washington , D.C. , twice , most significantly in the early 1960s .
Ripley Hitchcock , born James Ripley Wellman Hitchcock , ( 1857 - -1918 ) was a prominent American editor .
Frederick W. Garber ( 1877 - -1950 ) was an American architect in Cincinnati , Ohio and the principal architect in the Garber & Woodward firm with Clifford B. Woodward ( 1880 - -1932 ) .
Trần Thuận Tông , ( 1378 - -1399 ) , given name Trần Ngung , was the eleventh emperor of the Trần Dynasty who reigned in Đại Việt from 1388 to 1398 .
Harry Baisden ( aka Harry Bastin , né Cyrus Harry Baisden ; 18 April 1893 Lester Prairie , Minnesota -- 4 December 1926 Augusta , Georgia ) was an American composer of popular music , arranger , pianist , and an acclaimed dance orchestra leader .
George Smith Duncan ( 11 July 1852 -- 4 September 1930 ) was a tramway and mining engineer best known for his work on cable trams , and for his work in the gold mining industry .
Rev. Rufus Halley ( died 28 August 2001 ) was a Roman Catholic missionary of the Society of St. Columban who spent more than 20 years promoting ecumenical dialogue between Christians and Muslims in Asia .
Professor Michael J. O'Kelly ( 1915 -- October 1982 ) was an Irish archaeologist who excavated and restored Newgrange , a Late Stone Age passage tomb in the Boyne Valley , County Meath , Ireland , now a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Rakhaldas Bandyopadhyay ( 12 April 1885 -- 23 May 1930 ) , also known as R. D. Banerji , was an Indian historian and a native Indian pioneer in the fields of Indian archaeology , epigraphy and palaeography .
Masao Mimatsu ( 三松正夫 ) ( 9 July 1888 -- 8 December 1977 ) was a Japanese postmaster who recorded the growth of the Showashinzan mountain in 1944 - -1945 .
Bertie Reginald Mills ( 23 February 1900 -- 22 January 1994 ) , known as Paddy Mills , was a professional footballer who scored 139 goals in 358 appearances in the Football League playing for Hull City ( in two spells ) , Notts County and Birmingham .
George Gilman Rushby ( 1900 in England -- 1968 in Africa ) , was an elephant hunter , poacher , prospector , farmer , forestry officer , and game warden .
Theodor Martin Peter Ziesemer ( 26 May 1899 -- 28 November 1961 ) was an Australian dairy farmer and wheat farmer .
Julius Briganticus ( died AD 69 ) was a Batavian who commanded auxiliary cavalry in the Roman Army .
William Morton Payne ( February 14 , 1858 , Newburyport -- 1919 ) was an American educator , literary critic and writer .
Paleologo Zaccaria ( 1235 - -1314 ) was the Lord of Chios and Phocaea , as well as other Aegean islands from 1307 until his death .
Ignace François Broutin ( La Bassée , 1690 - -1751 ) was a French military officer , commander of Fort Rosalie among the Natchez people , and later an architect in colonial Louisiana .
Sir John Fogge ( c.1417 - -1490 ) was an English courtier , soldier and supporter of the Woodville family under Edward IV who became an opponent of Richard III .
Don Flowers ( 1908 - -1968 ) was an American cartoonist best known for his syndicated panel Glamor Girls .
Jaladi Raja Rao ( Telugu : జాలాది రాజా రావు ) ( 9 August 1932 -- 14 October 2011 ) was a versatile writer , playwright and lyricist in Telugu cinema .
Lily Laskine ( 31 August 1893 -- 4 January 1988 ) was one of the most prominent harpists of the twentieth century .
Xu Yushi ( 許圉師 ) ( died 679 ) , formally Duke Jian of Ping'en ( 平恩簡公 ) , was briefly a chancellor of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , during the reign of Emperor Gaozong .
Charles Brandon , 3rd Duke of Suffolk ( 1537/1538 -- 14 July 1551 ) , known as Lord Charles Brandon until shortly before his death , was the son of the 1st Duke of Suffolk and the suo jure 12th Baroness Willoughby de Eresby .
John Egerton , 1st Earl of Bridgewater KB , PC ( 1579 -- 4 December 1649 ) was an English peer and politician from the Egerton family .
Luka Mislej ( 16 October 1658 -- 5 February 1727 ) was a Carniolan stonemason and sculptor .
Teodor Keko ( 1958 - -2002 ) was an Albanian writer , journalist , and politician .
Jacques Tavernier or Le Lyonnais ( 1625 - -1673 ) was a French privateer and buccaneer supposedly active in the Caribbean during the mid-17th century .
Peder Krabbe Gaarder ( 23 April 1814 -- 5 August 1883 ) was a Norwegian jurist and political theorist .
Thomas Hughes Jones ( 1895 - -1966 ) was a Welsh poet and writer from Ceredigion ( Cardiganshire ) in West Wales .
Ernest Warburton ( 10 June 1937 in Irlam -- 7 August 2001 in London ) was a noted musicologist who specialized in the music of Johann Christian Bach .
Albert Hermann Vermeer ( 1911 - -1980 ) , known as Al Vermeer , was an American cartoonist .
Charles Bayliss ( 1850 - 4 June 1897 ) , photographer , was born in Hadleigh , Suffolk , England in 1850 .
Urushibara Mokuchu ( 漆原木虫 ) ( 1888 - -1953 ) , given name Yoshijirô , was a Japanese print maker known for his many black - and - white prints of horses .
Lloyd Bertram ( 10 October 1903 -- 12 April 1971 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Umbarra , or King Merriman ( died 1904 ) was an Aboriginal elder of the Djirringanj / Yuin people of the Bermagui area on the South Coast of New South Wales .
Herman of Hauteville ( Ermanno in Italian ) ( c. 1045 -- 1097 ) was the younger son of Humphrey , count of Apulia and Calabria ( 1051 - -1057 ) , and his Lombard wife , Gaitelgrima of Salerno , also known as Altrude .
Gyula Kabos ( 19 March 1887 , Budapest -- 6 October 1941 , New York ) was a Hungarian actor and comedian , widely known for his comedic movie roles in the late 1930s .
William Wilding Galloway ( 1853 or 1854 - 27 September 1936 ) was an English businessman in the cotton industry .
Jack Mangan ( 6 May 1927 - 17 September 2013 ) was an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a goalkeeper for the Galway senior team .
Antonio Brioschi ( fl . c. 1725 -- 1750 ) was an Italian symphony composer who wrote at least twenty six symphonies ; most of which were preserved in the collection of Pierre Philibert de Blancheton .
Nicolai Hanson ( 24 August 1870 -- 14 October 1899 ) was a Norwegian zoologist and Antarctic explorer .
Kanety Krishna Menon ( 1942 - 2012 ) was a Telugu writer with about 80 short stories and 6 novels to his credit .
Kelly Ray Masters ( June 16 , 1897 -- 1987 ) , was an American writer using the pen name Zachary Ball .
Sir Charles William Siemens FRSA ( originally Carl Wilhelm Siemens ; 4 April 1823 -- 19 November 1883 ) was a German - born engineer who for most of his life worked in Britain and later became a British subject .
Yaacov Bar - Siman - Tov ( 1946 - 2013 ) was a prominent international relations and conflict resolution scholar .
Henry Levin ( 5 June 1909 -- 1 May 1980 ) began as a stage actor and director but was most notable as an American film director of over fifty feature films .
Fred Blackham ( 6 April 1873 -- 31 January 1967 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Shalom Zysman ( Hebrew : שלום זיסמן‎ , born 14 March 1914 , died 12 February 1967 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the General Zionists between 1951 and 1955 .
William Mellor ( 1888 - -1942 ) was a left - wing British journalist .
Horatio Nelson , 3rd Earl Nelson ( 7 August 1823 -- 25 February 1913 ) was a British politician .
Park Jong - yang(korean:박정양 , hanja:朴定陽 , 1841 - -1904 ) was a Korean Joseon dynasty politician and edification activist .
Lawrence Edwin Blazey ( 1902 - -1999 ) was an American artist and teacher , listed in `` Who 's Who in American Art '' .
Adoniram Judson Gordon ( 1836 - -1895 ) was an American Baptist preacher , writer , composer , and founder of Gordon College and Gordon--
Mary Julia Baldwin ( 4 October 1829 -- 1 July 1897 ) was a Virginia educator for whom Mary Baldwin College in Staunton , Virginia , is named .
Guido Martino ( 1895 in Naples - 1922 ) was an Italian follower of Benito Mussolini .
Victor Hasselblad ( March 8 , 1906 -- August 5 , 1978 ) was a Swedish inventor and photographer , known for inventing the Hasselblad 6x6 cm medium format camera .
Peter Oakley ( 20 August 1927 -- 23 March 2014 ) was a pensioner from Bakewell , Derbyshire , England .
Won - il Rhee ( Hangul : 이원일 ; hanja : 李圓一 ; 2 November 1960 -- 11 January 2011 ) was a South Korean digital art curator .
Robert L. Ketter ( 1929 - -1989 ) , was an authority on earthquake engineering research and a former president of the State University of New York at Buffalo ( UB ) .
Occo of Schleswig ( also Aage , Aagge , Ogge ) was the bishop of the Diocese of Schleswig between 1141 and 1145 and again from 1161 to 1167 .
Richard de la Pole ( 1480 -- 24 February 1525 ) was a pretender to the English crown .
Lothar Lutze ( 7 September 1927 -- 4 March 2015 ) was a Polish - born German scholar , writer , translator , Indologist and the Emeritus Professor of the Department of Modern Languages and Literatures at the Heidelberg University .
Ben Essing ( 1935 - -1994 ) was a Dutch impresario from Blokker , Netherlands .
Martha Blount ( 1690 - -1762 ) was an English woman , a friend of many English literary figures , especially Alexander Pope .
June Harwood ( June 16 , 1933 -- January , 2015 ) was an American painter based in California who made a name for herself in the 1960s as an inventive artist of the hard - edge movement .
Badr al - Jamali ( Arabic : بدر الجمالى‎‎ , 1015 - -1094 ) was a vizier , Amir al - Juyush ( امير الجيوش , Commander of Forces ) , Badi al - Duat ( بدى الدعاة , Chief Missionary ) and prominent statesman for the Fatimids under the Caliphate and Imamate of Al - Mustansir .
George Montagu , 1st Duke of Montagu KG , PC , FRS ( 26 July 1712 -- 23 May 1790 ) styled Lord Brudenell until 1732 and known as The Earl of Cardigan between 1732 and 1766 , was a British peer .
Jack Thorogood ( 4 April 1911 -- 1970 ) was an English professional footballer who scored 26 goals in 98 appearances in the Football League playing for Birmingham and Millwall .
Thomas Raeburn White ( 1875 - -1959 ) was a prominent attorney , political reformer , newspaper publisher and law professor in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
William Stevens Robinson ( 7 December 1818 , Concord , Massachusetts -- 11 March 1876 , Malden , Massachusetts ) was a United States journalist .
Felice Ficherelli ( 30 August 1605 -- 5 March 1660 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , born in San Gimignano and active mainly in Tuscany .
Oskar Minkowski ( 13 January 1858 -- 18 July 1931 ) held a professorship at the University of Breslau and is most famous for his research on diabetes .
Roberto Cantoral García ( 7 June 1935 -- 7 August 2010 ) was a Mexican composer , singer and songwriter .
Sir John Gostwick ( c.1480 - -15 April 1545 ) was an English courtier , administrator and MP .
Netta Rheinberg MBE ( 24 October 1911 at Willesden , Middlesex -- 18 June 2006 ) played for the English women 's cricket team in a single Test , but was a notable figure in the women 's game as an administrator and journalist .
Lalith William Samarasekera Athulathmudali ( Sinhala:ලලිත් ඇතුලත්මුදලි ; 26 November 1936 -- 23 April 1993 ) known as Lalith Athulathmudali was a prominent Sri Lankan politician of the United National Party and former Cabinet Minister of Trade , National Security , Agriculture , Education and deputy minister of defence .
Terry Bonchaka ( c. 1982 -- 29 October 2003 ) was a Ghanaian hiplife artist who after a performance died in a car accident .
John Henry Clarke ( 1853 -- 24 November 1931 ) was a prominent English classical homeopath .
Ross Gilmore Marvin ( 1880 - -1908 ) was an Arctic explorer who took part in Robert Peary 's 1905 - -1906 and 1908 - -1909 expeditions .
Laurier Lévesque ( October 13 , 1929 -- September , 2005 ) was a Canadian educator and a politician in the Province of New Brunswick .
Hugh Philp ( 1786 - -1856 ) was one of the most celebrated golf club makers of his era .
Jan Jiří Benda , also Johann Georg Benda ( baptized 16 April or August 30 , 1713 in Benátky nad Jizerou -- 1752 in Potsdam ) , was a Bohemian violinist and composer active in Germany .
Peregrine Bertie , 2nd Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven PC ( 29 April 1686 -- 1 January 1742 ) , styled The Honourable Peregrine Bertie between 1686 and 1704 , Lord Willoughby de Eresby between 1704 and 1715 and Marquess of Lindsey between 1715 and 1723 , was a British nobleman and statesman .
Sir Thomas Foote , 1st Baronet ( 1598 -- 12 October 1687 ) was a wealthy Citizen and grocer of London .
Li Chongjun ( 李重俊 ) ( died 7 August 707 ) , formally Crown Prince Jiemin ( 節愍太子 ) , was a crown prince of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , during the second reign of his father Emperor Zhongzong .
Jæger Dokk ( 12 December 1921 -- 17 June 2000 ) was a Norwegian insurance leader .
William T.B. Sanford ( died 1863 ) was a road builder , a landowner and the second postmaster of Los Angeles , California , after it became a part of the United States .
Edmund Robert Harris ( c. 1804 -- 27 May 1877 ) was an English lawyer from Preston , Lancashire , UK who was the principal benefactor of the Harris Museum , Harris Institute or Art School , Harris Technical School and the Harris Orphanage .
James Colville , 1st Lord Colville of Culross ( 1551 - -1629 ) was a Scottish soldier and courtier who served in the British Army .
Peter Diamand , CBE ( 8 June 1913 -- 16 January 1998 ) was an arts administrator and director of the Edinburgh Festival , carrying out that role from 1965 to 1978 .
Dr. Timothy Lin ( Chinese : 林道亮 ) ( 18 January 1911 - 11 October 2009 ) was a Chinese - born Old Testament scholar , master of Biblical languages , seminary professor , pastor , and president of China Evangelical Seminary in Taipei , Taiwan .
Aloisia Brial ( died 1972 ) was a queen of Uvea , ruling from 1953 until 1958 .
Emma Gelders Sterne ( 1894 - -1971 ) was an American author of children 's books , with a historical and literary focus .
Cú Chuimne ( died 747 ) was a monk of Iona .
Georg August Goldfuss ( Goldfuß , 18 April 1782 -- 2 October 1848 ) was a German palaeontologist , zoologist and botanist .
Erasmus Oswald Schreckenfuchs ( 1511 - -1579 ) was an Austrian humanist , astronomer and Hebraist .
Saint Sabbas Stratelates ( Sava Stratelat , Sabas Stratilat , Savva Stratilatus ) , Sabbas the General of Rome ( died 272 , Tiber River , Rome ) -- early Christian warrior saint and martyr , was Roman military general under emperor Aurelian .
Giovanni Nicotera ( 9 September 1828 -- 13 June 1894 ) was an Italian patriot and politician .
William Bell Scott ( 12 September 1811 -- 22 November 1890 ) was a Scottish artist in oils and watercolour and sometimes printmaking .
Johann Franz Schenk von Stauffenberg ( 1658 - -1740 ) was Prince - Bishop of Constance from 1704 to 1740 and Prince - Bishop of Augsburg from 1737 to 1740 .
Dave Arrell ( 5 April 1913 -- 22 March 1990 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Yannis Varveris ( Greek : Γιάννης Βαρβέρης ; 1955 -- 25 May 2011 ) was an award winning Greek poet , critic and translator .
Gustav Tafel ( October 13 , 1830 -- 1908 ) was a German - born colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War , and the mayor of Cincinnati , Ohio , from 1897 to 1900 .
Thomas Newcomb ( 1682?--1765 ) was an English clergyman and teacher , known as a poet .
Robert Dwyer Joyce ( 1830 - 1883 ) was an Irish poet , writer , and collector of traditional Irish music .
Joanne Campbell ( 8 February 1964 -- 20 December 2002 ) was a British actress and drama therapist best known for playing Liz in the 1980s sitcom Me and My Girl and Josephine Baker on stage in This Is My Dream .
Henryk Ignacy Kamieński ( 31 July 1777 , Hruszwicy -- 26 May 1831 at Ostrołęka ) was a Polish brigadier general .
Sampson the Hospitable ( died c. 530 ) was a citizen of Constantinople who devoted his time to serving the poor of the city .
John Bourchier , 1st Baron Berners , KG ( died May 1474 ) was an English peer .
H. Ramachandra Shastry ( 1906 -- 1992 ) was an Indian Carnatic flautist .
Werner Mark Linz ( 6 April 1935 -- 9 February 2013 ) was a German - American publisher who specialised in educational and international publishing in the Americas , Europe and the Middle East .
Willem Swidde ( Amsterdam c. 1660 - Stockholm 1697 ) was a Dutch draughtsman and engraver , active in Sweden .
Dayan Michoel Fisher ( c. 1910 -- January 7 , 2004 ) was a distinguished Orthodox rabbi , orator and exceptional Talmudic scholar , with complete mental mastery of the entire Talmud .
Edward Kellogg Baird ( July 13 , 1876 - 1951 ) , was an attorney and the president of the Century Opera Company .
Dame Gladys Marea Hartman , DBE ( 22 June 1920 -- 29 August 1994 ) was a British athletics sports administrator .
Vernon Steele ( 18 September 1882 -- 23 July 1955 ) was a Chilean - born British actor known for his appearances on the Broadway stage and in American films .
Věra Kohnová ( 1929 - -1942 ) was a Jewish girl from Czechoslovakia .
Rudolf Levy ( 1875 - -1944 ) was a renowned painter who worked with and was a student of Henri Matisse .
Ira Lawson Fiscus ( 1866 - 1949 ) was one of the first professional football players .
Fergus Scandal mac Crimthainn ( died 582 ) was a king of Munster from the Eóganacht Airthir Cliach branch of the Eoganachta , the ruling dynasty of Munster .
Bonafos Caballeria ( died 1464 ) was an anti - Jewish writer .
Thomas Fonnereau ( 27 October 1699 , in London -- 20 March 1779 ) was a British businessman and politician , the eldest son of the merchant Claude Fonnereau .
Sigurd Bødtker ( 2 February 1866 -- 6 March 1928 ) was a Norwegian theatre critic .
Henry Spencer Ashbee ( 21 April 1834 -- 29 July 1900 ) was a book collector , writer , and bibliographer , notorious for his massive , clandestine three volume bibliography of erotic literature written under the pseudonym of Pisanus Fraxi .
Mykola Koltsov ( Ukrainian : Микола Михайлович Кольцов ; 11 May 1936 -- 27 December 2011 ) was a Soviet footballer and Ukrainian football children and youth trainer .
Marcel Lanquetuit ( 8 June 1894 -- 21 May 1985 ) was a French composer , organist , conductor , improviser and teacher of music .
Timothy Read ( fl . 1626 -- 1647 ) was a comic actor of the Caroline era , and one of the most famous and popular performers of his generation .
Gerald Massey ( /ˈmæsi/ ; 29 May 1828 -- 29 October 1907 ) was an English poet and writer on Spiritualism and Ancient Egypt .
George Plant ( 1904 - -1942 ) was an IRA member who was executed by the Irish Government in 1942 .
Yusuf Salim ( 1929 - -2008 ) , born Joseph Blair , was an American jazz pianist and composer .
Ammar Ali Mohamed Ibrahim Ali Al Sherei ( Arabic : عمار علي محمد إبراهيم علي الشريعي‎ ) or more commonly known as Ammar El Sherei ( 16 April 1948 -- 7 December 2012 ) was an Egyptian music icon , performer and composer .
Joe Youlden ( 21 November 1883 -- 17 August 1959 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Giacinto Facchetti ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒaˈtʃinto fakˈketti ) ; 18 July 1942 -- 4 September 2006 ) was an Italian football player .
Sir Thomas Myddelton , 2nd Baronet ( ca . 1651 -- 5 February 1684 ) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1679 and 1681 .
Deliar Noer ( 9 February 1926 -- 17 June 2008 ) was a Muslim scholar , politician , lecturer and former director of State University of Jakarta .
Rabbi Chaim Tzvi Teitelbaum , ( December 28 , 1879 -- January 21 , 1926 ) , ( 6 shevat 5686 on the Hebrew calendar ) , the Sigheter Rebbe , author of Atzei Chaim , was the oldest son of Rabbi Chananya Yom Tov Lipa Teitelbaum the Kedushas Yom Tov .
Hagbard Jonassen ( 24 May 1903 -- 1 March 1977 ) was a Danish botanist , quaternary geologist , war resister and nuclear disarmament proponent .
Thomas Stearn ( born 20 November 1796 at Cambridge ; died 21 March 1862 at Cambridge ) was an English professional cricketer who played first - class cricket from 1825 to 1840 .
Joe Bray ( 26 October 1886 -- 22 July 1955 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
José Benito Lamas ( Montevideo , 12 January 1787 - 9 May 1857 ) was a Roman Catholic priest from the Banda Oriental .
Harriet Sundström , ( 23 December 1872 -- 28 April 1961 in Stockholm ) was a Swedish artist .
Richard Kilby ( Kilbye ) ( 1560 - -1620 ) was an English scholar and priest .
Árpád Weisz ( also spelt Veisz ; 16 April 1896 -- 31 January 1944 ) was a Hungarian football player and manager .
Henry John Wallack ( 1790 -- 30 August 1870 ) was a British actor , stage manager , and brother of actor James William Wallack .
Kurt Lubinski ( October 19 , 1899 -- 1969 ) was a Jewish German and Dutch photojournalist .
John la Zouche , 7th Baron Zouche , 8th Baron St Maur ( 1459 - -1526 ) was a Yorkist nobleman , noted for his loyalty to Richard III , under whom he fought at the Battle of Bosworth .
James Nayler ( or Naylor ; 1616 - -1660 ) was an English Quaker leader .
Anastas Byku ( died 1878 ) was a 19th - century Albanian publisher and journalist .
Peter Ingram Weir ( 1864 - -1943 ) was a Scottish artist noted for his watercolour paintings of Scottish landscapes .
Stanley Stanley Van Ness ( February 28 , 1933 - -September 26 , 2007 ) was an American jurist who worked for a number of state agencies in New Jersey , USA .
William Whitshed ( 1679 - -1727 ) was an Irish politician and judge who held office as Solicitor - General and Lord Chief Justice of Ireland ; just before his death he moved to become Chief Justice of the Irish Common Pleas .
Mary Theresa Wiedefeld ( February 2 , 1886 -- November 1983 ) was the seventh president ( formerly principal ) of State Teachers College at Towson ( now Towson University ) .
Pilar Hidalgo - Lim ( 1893 - -1973 ) was a Filipino educator and civic leader .
Matts Evert Kulenius ( 8 March 1879 , Terjärv - 4 February 1958 ) was a Finnish schoolteacher and politician .
Louis Wollbrinck ( 1867 - 1928 ; spelling variations include `` Wollbrink '' and `` Wolbrinck '' ) was a civil servant , entrepreneur and builder in St. Louis , Missouri during the Gilded Age .
Philip Holzman ( 1922 - -2004 ) was the Esther and Sidney R. Rabb Professor of Psychology at Harvard University and a supervising and training analyst at the Boston Psychoanalytic Society and Institute .
Allan Gwynne - Jones CBE DSO RA ( 27 March 1892 -- 5 August 1982 ) was an English painter .
Lieutenant - Colonel Sir Emmanuel Hoyle , 1st Baronet OBE , JP ( 23 September 1866 -- 9 May 1939 ) , was a British woollen cloth manufacturer .
Diethard Hellmann ( 28 December 1928 -- 14 October 1999 ) was a German Kantor and an academic in Leipzig , Mainz and Munich .
Baltazar Nicolai Garben ( 19 February 1794 -- 21 April 1867 ) was a Norwegian architect and government minister .
Wincenty Kowalski ( 1892 - -1984 ) was a Polish military commander and a general of the Polish Army .
Huguccio was an Italian canon lawyer ( d. 1210 ) .
Fanny Davies ( 27 June 1861 -- 1 September 1934 ) was a British pianist who was particularly admired in Beethoven , Schumann , Brahms , and the early schools , but was also a very early London performer of the works of Debussy and Scriabin .
George Thomas Orlando Bridgeman JP ( 21 August 1823 -- 25 November 1895 ) was a Church of England clergyman and antiquary , the second son of George Bridgeman , 2nd Earl of Bradford .
Abdul Mannan Syed ( 3 August 1943 -- 5 September 2010 ) was a Bangladeshi poet , author and researcher .
Wally Messenger ( 1891 - -1961 ) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1910s .
Hajo Meyer ( 12 August 1924 -- 23 August 2014 ) was a Jewish German - Dutch physicist and an anti - Zionist political activist .
David Patillo White ( 1828 - 1903 ) was a shape note singing teacher , composer , and a co - issuer , with his father , of the 1870 Sacred Harp .
Umberto Ongania ( Venice 1867 - 1942 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of vedute of his native city .
Charles Milton Bell ( 1848 -- 1893 ) was an American photographer who was noted for his portraits of Native Americans and other figures of the United States in the late 1800s .
John Hans Stroh ( 15 May 1916 -- 17 September 1996 ) was an Australian health advocate , businessman and researcher .
Alonso de Cordova y Figueroa ( ? - August 9 , 1698 ) Spanish soldier born in Concepción , Chile , son of Alonso de Figueroa y Córdoba and father of the historian Pedro de Cordova y Figueroa .
Ludvig Kristensen Daa ( 19 August 1809 -- 12 June 1877 ) was a Norwegian historian , ethnologist , auditor , editor of magazines and newspapers , educator and politician .
Jirhangga ( Manchu : ; Chinese : 吉爾杭阿 ) ( ? -- June 1 , 1856 ) belonged to Bordered Yellow Banner .
Thomas Pell ( 1612/13 - -1669 ) was an English - born physician who bought the area known as Pelham , New York , as well as land that now includes the eastern Bronx and southern Westchester County , New York , and founded the town of Westchester at the head of navigation on Westchester Creek in 1654 .
George Alexander McGuire ( 28 March 1866 - -10 November 1934 ) was the first Bishop , Metropolitan Archbishop of the African Orthodox Church ( AOC ) .
Sir William McNair Snadden , 1st Baronet JP ( 15 January 1896 -- 23 November 1959 ) was a Scottish Tory politician .
Lieutenant General Sir Jasper Nicolls KCB ( 15 July 1778 -- 4 May 1849 ) was Commander - in - Chief , India .
Jason McRoy ( 26 November 1971 -- 24 August 1995 ) was an English professional mountain bike racer .
Michael Sigismund Frank ( 1 June 1770 -- 16 January 1847 ) was a Catholic artist and rediscoverer of the lost art of glass - painting .
Jenő Lasztovicza ( 21 December 1961 -- 8 January 2015 ) was a Hungarian horticultural engineer , politician and member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Tapolca ( Veszprém County Constituency IV then III ) from 1998 until his death in early 2015 .
John Maxwell , 9th Lord Maxwell ( c.1583 -- 21 May 1613 ) was a Scottish Catholic nobleman .
Zhang Mancheng ( died 184 ) was a Yellow Turban rebel general during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history .
Agostinho José da Mota ( b. 18 June 1824 Rio de Janeiro , d. 21 August 1878 Rio de Janeiro ) was a Brazilian painter and teacher .
Christiana Hartley ( 1872 -- 14 December 1948 ) was an English social and welfare rights activist , philanthropist and Liberal Party politician .
Eliezer Cogan ( 1762 - -1855 ) , was an English scholar and divine .
Minamoto no Kintada ( 889 - -948 , Japanese : 源 公忠 , also 源公忠朝臣 Miyamoto no Kintada Ason ) was a middle Heian waka poet and nobleman .
Dušan Grabrijan ( 1899 - -1952 ) was a Slovenian - Bosnian architect , architectural theorist and professor .
Publius Sulpicius Quirinius ( c. 51 BC -- AD 21 ) was a Roman aristocrat .
William de Aldeburgh , 2nd Baron Aldeburgh ( bef . 1358 -- 20 August 1391 ) was a British peer , the son of William de Aldeburgh , 1st Baron Aldeburgh .
Alan Clare ( Born Alan Jaycock ) ( 31 May 1921 -- 29 November 1993 ) was a British jazz pianist .
Georg Dietrich Leyding ( or Leiding ) ( German : ( ˈlaɪdɪŋ ) ; 23 February 1664 -- 10 May 1710 ) was a German composer and organist associated with the North German school .
Abraham Newland ( born c. 1730 , died 21 November 1807 aged 77 ) was the chief cashier at the Bank of England from 1782 to 1807 .
Jackie Oakes ( 6 December 1919 -- 3 December 1995 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Wolverhampton Wanderers , Queen of the South , Blackburn Rovers and Manchester City .
Per Maltby ( 1933 -- 2006 ) is a Norwegian astronomer .
Larry Grayson ( 31 August 1923 -- 7 January 1995 ) , born William Sulley White , was an English comedian and television presenter who was best known in the 1970s and early ' 80s .
Abdul Rahman Jabarah ( عبدالرحمن جبارة ) was a Canadian killed in a July 2003 firefight with Saudi Arabian officials who believed he was involved in the Riyadh compound bombings by al - Qaeda .
Narasimha I ( Kannada : ಒಂದನೆ ನರಸಿಂಹ ) ( r.1152 - -1173 CE ) was a ruler of the Hoysala Empire .
Pope Innocent XI ( Latin : Innocentius XI ; 16 May 1611 -- 12 August 1689 ) , born Benedetto Odescalchi , was Pope from 21 September 1676 to his death in 1689 .
John Furphy ( 17 June 1842 -- 23 September 1920 ) was a blacksmith , best known for his Furphy Water Carts that were an important part of Australia 's history .
Alfred Charlesworth ( 9 May 1865 -- 4 December 1928 ) was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire in 1888 and 1898 .
Jacques de l'Ange or the Monogrammist JAD ( fl . 1630 -- 1650 ) was a Flemish painter and draughtsman known for his genre scenes and history paintings executed in a Caravaggesque style .
Sidi Abd As - Salam Al - Asmar ( Arabic : عبد السلام الأسمر‎ , Al - Lasmar ` Abd as - Salām ) was a renowned religious Libyan Muslim saint who lived and died during the 15th century ( 1455 - 1575 CE ) .
Ji Dengkui ( Chinese : 纪登奎 ; 17 March 1923 -- 13 July 1988 ) was a prominent Chinese political figure during the Cultural Revolution .
Roland Ratzenberger ( 4 July 1960 -- 30 April 1994 ) was an Austrian racing driver who raced in sports prototype , Formula Nippon , Formula 3000 and Formula One .
Derek Humble ( March 1930 - 22 February 1971 ) was an English jazz alto saxophonist .
Vojislav Nikčević ( Serbian : Војислав Никчевић ; 18 January 1935 -- 2 July 2007 ) was a Montenegrin linguist .
Daniel of Morley ( c. 1140 -- c. 1210 ) was an English scholastic philosopher and astronomer .
Augustus George Vernon Harcourt FRS ( 24 December 1834 -- 23 August 1919 ) was an English chemist who spent his career at Oxford University .
Charles Kraitsir ( 28 January 1804 in Schmolnitz , Hungary -- 7 May 1860 in Morrisania , New York ) was a Hungarian - American philologist of Polish descent .
Matt Incigneri ( 1 February 1891 -- 24 October 1960)was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Saint Primianus or Primianus of Larino ( Italian : San Primiano or Primiano Martire ) ( d. 15 May 303 or 304 ) is the patron saint of Lesina , Apulia , in Italy .
Sir William Bisset Berry ( 26 July 1839 -- 8 June 1922 ) was a South African politician and the fourth Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the Cape Colony .
Aajonus Vonderplanitz ( born Richard Swigart in 1947 , died 28 August 2013 ) was an American nutritionist and activist , based in Malibu , California , and in Thailand , who developed the Primal Diet .
Edwin Davis French ( 1851 - -1906 ) was a bookplate engraver , who produced at least 330 engravings beginning in 1893 .
David Kraiselburd ( 1912 - -1974 ) was an Argentine journalist , newspaper publisher , and lawyer , best known for his commitment and actions against military regimes and political violence of both right- and left - wing extraction .
Alfred Harker FRS ( 19 February 1859 -- 28 July 1939 ) was an English geologist who specialised in petrology and interpretive petrography .
Dai Xi ( Chinese : 戴熙 ; pinyin : Dài Xī ; Wade -- Giles : Tai Hsi ) ( 1801 -- 1860 ) was a Chinese painter of the 19th century and representative of the academic manner .
Krzysztof Grodzicki ( died 1659 ) was a Polish artillery general , serving the Polish--
Rudolf Hitrec ( born 1903 in Zagreb - died 1970 in Zagreb ) was a Croatian footballer and international manager .
Peter Philipp ( 16 July 1971 -- 6 February 2014 ) was a German writer and comedian .
Saint Godric of Finchale ( or Saint Goderic ) ( c. 1065 -- 21 May 1170 ) was an English hermit , merchant and popular medieval saint , although he was never formally canonised .
Declan Costello ( 1 August 1926 -- 6 June 2011 ) was an Irish jurist and Fine Gael politician , who served as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for twenty years , as Attorney General for four years and as a High Court judge for another twenty years before his retirement .
The Honourable Justice Geza Francis Kim Santow AO ( 11 March 1941 -- 10 April 2008 ) was an Australian Judge of the Supreme Court of New South Wales Court of Appeal .
Otto Huth ( 1906 - -1998 ) was a German theologian , ethnologist , archeologist and an expert on folklore , who taught at the University of Tübingen .
Hernán Díaz Arrieta ( 1891 - -1984 ) , widely known by his pen name , Alone , was a Chilean literary and film critic and memoirist .
Nebiogastes ( Greek : Νεοβιγάστης or Νεβιγάστιος ; died 407 AD ) was a Roman military commander that supported the usurper Constantine III .
James Bateman ( 18 July 1811 -- 27 November 1897 ) was a British landowner and accomplished horticulturist .
William Arthur Irving Washington ( 11 December 1879 -- 20 October 1927 ) was an English first - class Cricketer , who played forty four matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1900 and 1902 .
Alonso Enríquez ( Guadalcanal , 1354 Guadalupe , 1429 ) was Lord of Medina de Rioseco and Admiral of Castile .
William Henry Wahl ( 14 December 1848 Philadelphia - 23 March 1909 ) was a United States scientific editor and journalist .
Julián Robledo ( 1887 -- 1940 ) was a composer best known for the song `` Three O'Clock in the Morning '' .
John Crewe , 1st Baron Crewe ( 27 September 1742 -- 28 April 1829 ) , of Crewe Hall in Cheshire , was a British politician .
Dagon Khin Khin Lay ( Burmese : ဒဂုံ ခင်ခင်လေး ( dəɡòʊɴ kʰɪ̀ɴ kʰɪ̀ɴ lé ) ; 20 February 1904 -- 23 June 1981 ) was a Burmese novelist , screenwriter , and cinematographer .
June Bragger ( 2 June 1929 in Birmingham -- 27 June 1997 in Solihull , Warwickshire ) played 5 test matches for the England women 's cricket team between 1963 and 1966 .
Louis - Philippe Fiset ( 11 January 1854 -- 4 September 1934 ) was a local physician and politician in the Mauricie area .
Aldwine ( or Aldwyn , Aldwini or Ealdwine ; died 737 ) was a medieval Bishop of Lichfield and Bishop of Leicester .
Bandi Rajan Babu ( 9 February 1938 -- 25 August 2011 ) was an Indian photographer , known for his black and white pictures of tribal people .
Zahir Howaida ( Persian:ظاهرهویدا ) ( also spelled as Zahir Huwaida ; February 28 , 1946 -- 5 March 2012 ) was an Afghan singer .
Sir David Brewster KH PRSE FRS FSA(Scot ) FSSA MICE ( 11 December 1781 -- 10 February 1868 ) was a Scottish physicist , mathematician , astronomer , inventor , writer , historian of science and university principal .
Richard Gwinnett ( died 1717 ) was an English dramatist .
Henri Coutard ( 27 April 1876 -- 16 March 1950 ) was a French pioneer in radiation oncology and is credited with establishing radiotherapy as a clinical discipline .
George M'Gonigle ( 1889 - -1939 ) was Medical Officer of Health for Stockton - on - Tees , UK .
Noël Corbu ( 27 April 1912 -- 20 May 1968 ) is best known as a former restaurateur in the Southern French village of Rennes - le - Château , who from the mid-1950s circulated the story that the 19th - century French priest Bérenger Saunière discovered the treasure of Blanche of Castile .
Samuel Carlton Cooley ( April 15 , 1898 in Milford , New Jersey -- November 1981 in Stockton , New Jersey ) was an American violist and composer .
Ebba Lodden , née Sjuve ( 9 November 1913 -- 14 January 1997 ) was a Norwegian civil servant and politician for the Labour Party .
John Goldicutt ( 1793 -- 3 October 1842 ) was a British architect , the son of a bank cashier , who was better known for his architectural drawings than his completed buildings .
Ben E. May ( 1889 - -1972 ) was a Mobile , Alabama , businessman and philanthropist who helped found the Ben May Institute for Cancer Research at the University of Chicago and established the Southern Research Institute in Birmingham , Alabama .
Soo Ik Lee , MD ( died 1995 ) was a Korean - born American neurologist and a subspecialist in clinical neurophysiology based at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Edward John Trelawny ( 13 November 1792 -- 13 August 1881 ) was a biographer , novelist and adventurer who is best known for his friendship with the Romantic poets Percy Bysshe Shelley and Lord Byron .
Carl Gustaf Wolff ( 28 October 1800 - 19 July 1868 ) was a prominent Finnish shipowner and businessman during his time .
James Benjamin Taylor aka Jim B. Taylor ( December 1860 Cape Town -- 25 December 1944 Cape Town ) , was a South African Randlord and the fifth of 8 children of Isaac Rowland Taylor ( 6 November 1826 Holborn -- 22 August 1888 Kimberley ) and Jane Dorothea Hellet ( 7 May 1827 -- 27 November 1876 ) .
Maurice Jones ( alias Meurig Prysor ) ( 21 June 1863 -- 7 December 1957 ) was a priest and university educator .
Nicolas - André Monsiau ( 1754 -- 31 May 1837 ) was a French history painter and a refined draughtsman who turned to book illustration to supplement his income when the French Revolution disrupted patronage .
Alma Smith Jacobs ( 21 November 1916 -- 18 December 1997 ) was the first African American to serve as Montana State Librarian .
Christopher Ness ( 1621 - -1705 ) was an English ejected minister and theological author .
George Carpenter , 1st Earl of Tyrconnell ( 26 August 1723 -- 9 March 1762 ) , known as The Lord Carpenter between 1749 and 1761 , was a British peer and politician .
Yvonne Hubert ( 28 May 1895 -- 8 June 1988 ) was a Belgian - born Canadian pianist and pedagogue .
Thomas Lomar Gray ( 4 February 1850 -- 19 December 1908 ) was a Scottish engineer noted for his pioneering work in seismology .
Yoshio Masuda ( died 2009 ) was a former Japanese naval commander , regarded as the father of modern wave power technology .
Ray Gilhooley ( 15 July 1887 , in New York City , New York -- 18 September 1973 , in New Milford , Connecticut ) was an American racecar driver .
Yolanda Marculescu ( also Yolanda Marculescu - Stern ; 2 April 1923 -- 19 December 1992 ) was a Romanian coloratura soprano and diva of the Romanian National Opera in Bucharest from 1948 to 1968 .
Ian Roy MacLennan DFM , FRAIC , MTPIC , RAF & RCAF ( 4 April 1919 -- 6 November 2013 ) , was a Canadian fighter pilot of the Second World War who later became a successful architect .
Ernő Garami ( 13 December 1876 - 28 May 1935 ) was a Hungarian mechanic who became a social democratic politician and editor , who served as Minister of Justice in 1919 .
Sir Dennis Weatherstone KBE ( 29 November 1930 -- 13 June 2008 ) was the former CEO and Chairman of J. P. Morgan & Co ..
Haji Mir Mohammad Zainuddin ( d. 1850 AD ) was Faujdar during Bhonsle Dynasty at Nagpur .
Isabella d'Este ( 18 May 1474 -- 13 February 1539 ) was Marchesa of Mantua and one of the leading women of the Italian Renaissance as a major cultural and political figure .
John Wykeham Archer ( 1808 - -1864 ) was a British artist , engraver and writer .
Gabriel de la Corte ( 1648 -- 6 August 1694 ) was a Spanish painter with little success who lived in poverty , specializing in the painting of vases , baskets , garlands and signboards , that he had learned to paint without help of any teacher .
Gouyen ( in Mescalero Góyą́ń , `` the one who is wise '' ) ( c. 1857 - 1903 ) , was a 19th - century Apache woman noted for her heroism .
Sigurd Overby ( 1899 - -1979 ) was am American skier .
John Patrick Gillese ( March 7 , 1920 -- 23 October 1999 ) was an Irish - born Canadian author whose prolific career spanned six decades from the early 1940s to the late 1990s .
Đorđe Lobačev ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ђорђе Лобачев ) or Yuriy Lobachev ( Russian : Юрий Лобачев ; 1909 - -2002 ) was a Soviet Russian and Serbian - Yugoslavian comic strip author and illustrator .
Elsie Jane Wilson ( 7 November 1885 -- 16 January 1965 ) was a cinema actress , director , and writer during the early film era .
Aharon Dolgopolsky ( Hebrew : אהרון דולגופולסקי‎ , Russian : Арон Борисович Долгопольский ; 18 November 1930 -- 20 July 2012 ) was a Russian - Israeli linguist and one of the modern founders of comparative Nostratic linguistics .
Brian Keany , RSW , DA ( Edin ) ( 1945 -- February 2007 ) was a Scottish painter and teacher , who was elected as a member of The Royal Scottish Society of Painters in Watercolour .
Maria Korp ( born Maria Matilde ; 14 January 1955 -- 5 August 2005 ) was an Australian woman reported missing for four days and later found , barely alive , in the boot of her car on 13 February 2005 .
Lieutenant - Colonel Sir Cecil Kaye CBE CSI CIE ( 27 May 1868 -- 5 March 1935 ) was an officer in the British Indian Army .
José Antonio de Armas Chitty ( 30 November 1908 -- 6 October 1995 ) was a Venezuelan historian , poet , chronicler , essayist , biographer and researcher .
Maxwell M. Geffen ( born May 28 , 1896 , in Brooklyn , New York , died in March 1980 in New York ) was an American publisher .
Eduardo Propper de Callejón ( 1895 - -1972 ) was a Spanish diplomat who is mainly remembered for having facilitated the escape of thousands of Jews from occupied France during World War II between 1940 and 1944 .
Elizabeth de Burgh ( c. 1284 -- 27 October 1327 ) was the second wife and the only queen consort of King Robert the Bruce .
Prof . Hamida Barmaki ( 4 January 1970 -- 28 January 2011 ) was a renowned Afghan law professor and human rights activist .
Robert Getgood ( 1882 -- 30 November 1964 ) , sometimes known as Bob Getgood , was a politician and trade unionist in Northern Ireland .
Marcelle de Manziarly ( born 1/13 October 1899 , Kharkiv , Ukraine , then in Russian Empire - died 12 May 1989 ) was a French pianist , music educator , conductor and composer .
Theophilus Hastings , 7th Earl of Huntingdon PC ( 10 December 1650 -- 30 May 1701 ) was an English politician .
Clementina Suárez ( 12 May 1902 -- 1991 ) was an early Honduran writer who broke social norms .
Liv Paulsen ( 29 November 1925 -- 3 November 2001 ) was a Norwegian 100 metres sprinter and shot putter .
Joseph Morley Drake ( 1828 - 1886 ) was a doctor and educator .
Bruce Stern ( 25 September 1942 -- 18 July 2007 ) was an American attorney , photographer , and gun collector .
Johann Bernhard Fischer von Erlach ( 20 July 1656 -- 5 April 1723 ) was an Austrian architect , sculptor , and architectural historian whose Baroque architecture profoundly influenced and shaped the tastes of the Habsburg Empire .
Giulio Bartolocci ( 1 April 1613 -- 19 October 1687 ) was an Italian Cistercian Hebrew scholar and author of the four volume Bibliotheca Magna Rabbinica .
Tobias Querfurt , also Tobias Querfurt the Elder , ( 1660 -- 13 September 1734 ) was a German painter , draughtsman , and engraver .
Archduke Joseph Karl of Austria ( German : ( Erzherzog ) Josef Karl ( Ludwig ) von Österreich , Hungarian : Habsburg -- Toscanai József Károly ( Lajos ) főherceg ; Pressburg , 2 March 1833 -- Fiume , 13 June 1905 ) was a member of the Habsburg dynasty .
Daniel Davis Jr. ( 1813 - -1887 ) was an American photographer , daguerreotypist and ambrotypist .
Robert Hayden ( 4 August 1913 -- 25 February 1980 ) was an American poet , essayist , educator .
Baburao Patel ( 1904 - -1982 ) was an Indian publisher and writer , associated with films and politics .
Mufasir - ul - Haq ( 16 August 1944 , Karnal , India -- 27 July 1983 ) was a Pakistani cricketer who played in one Test in 1965 .
Robert McBain ( 9 October 1932 -- 24 April 2004 ) was an English actor , photographer and artist .
Anders Jonas Ångström ( Swedish : ( ˈan.ˈdəʂ ˈjuː.ˈnas ˈɔŋ.ˈstrøm ) ; 13 August 1814 -- 21 June 1874 ) was a Swedish physicist and one of the founders of the science of spectroscopy .
Praise - God Barebone ( c. 1598 --1679 ) , also spelled Barbon , was an English leather - seller , preacher and Fifth Monarchist .
John Frederick Weishampel ( April 4 , 1808 -- November , 1883 ) was a Baltimore , Maryland , minister and author .
Gustav Lærum ( 2 June 1870 , in Fet -- 21 May 1938 ) was a Norwegian satirical illustrator and sculptor .
John Gardiner Calkins Brainard ( 1795 - -1828 ) was an American lawyer , editor and poet .
William Weekes Fowler ( January 1849 - 3 June 1923 ) was an English clergyman and entomologist mainly interested in beetles .
Wallace Walter Atwood ( 1872 -- 1949 ) was an American geographer and geologist .
Michael Murgatroyd ( 1925 -- 2004 ) was an English - born Scottish nationalist political activist .
Catherine Trianon , née Boule , called La Trianon ( 1627 - 6 May 1681 ) , was a French fortune teller and poisoner , one of the accused in the famous Poison Affair .
Milton Drake ( 3 August , 1912 - 13 November , 2006 ) was an American lyricist and performing rights administrator .
Charles Wesley Hambly ( June 3 , 1863 -- 1942 ) was a drover and political figure in Ontario .
Johann Karl Zeune ( 29 October 1736 -- 8 November 1788 ) was a German academic and philologist .
Alexander Pitcairn ( 1750 -- 17 November 1814 ) was an English cricketer who played for Hampshire and the Marylebone Cricket Club from 1791 to 1792 .
Sir Baynham Throckmorton , 3rd Baronet ( 11 December 1629 -- 31 July 1681 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1656 and 1679 .
Joseph Henry Woodger ( 2 May 1894 - 8 March 1981 ) was a British theoretical biologist and philosopher of biology whose attempts to make biological sciences more rigorous and empirical was significantly influential to the philosophy of biology in the twentieth century .
Major Richard Harry Heslop ( 23 January 1907 -- 17 January 1973 ) , DSO was a British agent for the Special Operations Executive during World War II . He worked for the French section of the organisation , and under the codename Xavier , was the organiser of the Marksman circuit .
Marion Harvie Barnard ( 1874 - -1969 ) was a suffragist .
Tadun ( died 207 ) was a leader of the Wuhuan tribe during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history .
Mads Alstrup ( 1808 - 1876 ) was the first Danish portrait photographer with his own studio .
Roy Holt ( 1942 - -2007 ) was a British contemporary artist specialising in painting .
Matei Ghica , a member of the Ghica family , was the Prince of Wallachia between 11 September 1752 and 22 June 1753 , and Prince of Moldavia between 22 June 1753 and 8 February 1756 .
Frank Farrelly ( 1931 -- 10 February 2013 ) was a therapist best known for the 1974 book Provocative Therapy , which advocated radical ( and sometimes humorous ) therapeutic moves intended to jolt the client out of his current mindset .
Dempsey Travis ( 1920 - 2009 ) was a real estate entrepreneur and civil rights activist who , later in life , became a prominent historian and author , writing extensively on African American history , politics , social issues , and music .
Arthur Murray Goodhart ( christened 25 July 1866 -- 1941 ) was a British composer and organist .
Pierre Robert Olivétan ( c.1506 - 1538 ) a Waldensian by faith was the first to translate the Bible into the French language starting from the Hebrew and Greek texts .
William Paton Ker ( usually referred to as W. P. Ker ; 30 August 1855 -- 17 July 1923 ) was a Scottish literary scholar and essayist .
Ken Rattenbury ( 10 September 1920 - -9 April 2001 ) was an English jazz trumpeter , pianist and composer and author born in Spilsby , Lincolnshire to Sidney , a postmaster .
Johan Albert Brommels ( 7 February 1891 , Övermark - 15 June 1962 ) was a Finnish schoolteacher , journalist and politician .
John Slany ( died 1632 ) , merchant , ship builder , born in Shropshire , England , was secretary of the Newfoundland Company and a member of the Merchant Taylor 's Company .
John Douglas Cook ( 1808?--1868 ) was a Scottish journalist , known as the founding editor of the Saturday Review .
Christian III Maurice , Duke of Saxe - Merseburg ( Merseburg , 7 November 1680 -- Merseburg , 14 November 1694 ) , was a duke of Saxe - Merseburg and member of the House of Wettin .
Marcel Capelle , born 11 December 1904 in Paris , died 1993 , was a professional French association footballer who played in defence .
Luka Svetec ( 8 October 1826 -- 28 January 1921 ) was a Slovene politician , lawyer , author and philologist .
Jean Avisse ( 1723 -- 1796 ) produced chairs , sofas , chaises and similar furniture in 18th century France .
Johann Philipp Christian Schulz ( also Schulze ; 24 September 1773 -- 30 January 1827 ) was a German composer and conductor .
Flight Lieutenant Nicholas Gresham Cooke , DFC ( 26 August 1913 -- 31 May 1940 ) , nicknamed Lanky , was a Royal Air Force pilot and Second World War flying ace most notable as an ace in a day .
Kā - kīwistāhāw ( or Kahkewistahaw , meaning `` He Who Flies Around '' ) ( c. 1810 -- 1906 ) was a Canadian Plains Cree chief .
Peruz ( 1866 ; Sivas - c . 1920 ; Istanbul ) also known as Peruz Hanım or Kantocu Peruz , Perviz Hanım was an Ottoman Armenian kanto singer , songwriter .
Sekukuni or Matsebe Sekhukhune , ( 1814 - -1882 ) , the son of King Sekwati , was king of the Bapedi ( or Marota ) of Sekukuniland , in the current Limpopo province of South Africa .
Jakub Cytryn ( 1909 -- 1943 ) was a Jewish painter in the interwar Poland .
Peggy Thorpe - Bates ( 11 August 1914 -- 26 December 1989 ) was an English actress who appeared in the first three series of Rumpole of the Bailey as Rumpole 's fearsome wife Hilda .
Gaspar Henaine Pérez ( 6 January 1926 -- 30 September 2011 ) , more commonly known by his pseudonym Capulina , was a Mexican comedian , actor , singer , film producer , and screenwriter .
Daniel Coker ( 1780 - -1846 ) , born Isaac Wright , was an African American and the first Methodist missionary to the British colony of Sierra Leone .
John Calvin Ferguson ( Chinese : 福開森 ; pinyin : Fú Kāisēn ; 1866 -- 1945 ) was an American scholar of Chinese art , collector and procurer for American art museums , and a Chinese governmental adviser .
Augusto Lamo Castillo ( 25 September 1938 in Badajoz -- 10 September 2002 ) was a Spanish football referee .
Marlen Haushofer née Marie Helene Frauendorfer ( 11 April 1920 -- 21 March 1970 ) was an Austrian author , most famous for her novel The Wall .
Jan Baptist Bonnecroy or Jean Baptiste Bonnecroy ( 1618 -- after 1676 ) was a Flemish painter and engraver known for his large panoramic city views and marine paintings .
István Kovacsóczy de Körtvélyfa ( ? -- October 1634 ) was a Hungarian noble in the Principality of Transylvania , who served as Chancellor of Transylvania from 1622 to 1634 .
Hugh of Saxony or Hugh de Saxony(ca . 850 -- 880 ) was a Frankish prince , a member of the Carolingian dynasty .
Baptist Levinz , sometimes Baptiste or Baptist Levinge , ( died 1693 ) was an Anglican churchman .
George Matthews Harding ( 1882 - -1959 ) was a war artist for the United States Army during World War I.
John Frederic Inglis ( 16 July 1853 -- 27 February 1923 ) was a Scottish amateur sportsman who became a Major in the Duke of Edinburgh 's ( Wiltshire Regiment ) .
Lukas Heller ( 1930 -- 2 November 1988 ) was a German screenwriter born in Kiel .
Benjamin Matlack Everhart ( born near West Chester , Pennsylvania , 24 April 1818 ; died in West Chester , 22 September 1904 ) was a United States mycologist .
Mai Jones ( 6 February 1899 -- 7 May 1960 ) , was a Welsh songwriter , entertainer and radio producer .
William Fleetwood Sheppard ( 20 November 1863 -- 12 October 1936 ) Australian - British civil servant , mathematician and statistician remembered for his work in finite differences , interpolation and statistical theory , known in particular for the eponymous Sheppard 's corrections .
Zhang Da'an ( 張大安 ) ( died 684 ) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Gaozong .
Negübei was a khan of the Chagatai Khanate ( 1271 - 1272 ? ) .
Evelyn Walkden ( Oct 1893 - 12 September 1970 ) was a British politician and trades unionist .
On 10 January 2002 , Bishop Karas suffered a stroke and fell into a coma ; he died in the early morning of January 17 , the day before his 47th birthday .
Carl Heinrich Biber ( 4 September 1681 -- 19 November 1749 ) was a late Baroque violinist and composer .
Cesare Fracanzano ( 1605 - 1651 ) , a Neapolitan painter who flourished in the 17th century , was a pupil of Spagnoletto .
Johannes Wolleb ( Wollebius ) ( 1589 - -1629 ) was a Swiss Protestant theologian .
Thomas Bartholin ( /bɑːrˈtoʊlɪn , ˈbɑːrtəlɪn/ ; Latinized : Thomas Bartholinus ; 20 October 1616 -- 4 December 1680 ) was a Danish physician , mathematician , and theologian .
James Walker Dawson ( 1870 , India - 26 June 1927 , Edinburgh ) was a Scottish pathologist remembered for his work on multiple sclerosis including the description of the eponymous Dawson 's fingers .
Hyalmar Blixen Lerena ( born 1916/17 , died February 17 , 2007 ) was a Uruguayan poet , novelist and essayist .
John Cheltenham Wake ( 1837 - -1882 ) was an English oil painter who specialised in seascape and marine art .
Maurice Goldman ( 1910 - -1984 ) was an internationally known composer and conductor .
Clément Marchand ( 12 September 1912 -- 22 April 2013 ) was a Canadian author , poet and journalist and publisher .
George Macculloch Miller ( 1832 - -1917 ) , was a lawyer and secretary of Cathedral of St. John the Divine .
Lujo Györy ( 28 May 1930 -- 28 March 2012 ) was a Croatian handball player , referee and official .
Aman Kekilov ( Аман Кекилов ; Keshi village , current Ahal Province , 9 May 1912 -- 13 December 1974 ) was a Soviet Turkmen poet .
Adriaan van der Stel ( -Ceylon , 25 May 1646 ) was opperhoofd of Mauritius from 1640 ? to 1645 .
Obadiah J. Barker , Jr. ( October 31 , 1856 -- July 1908 ) was a Los Angeles business man and the founder and president of the furniture company , Barker Brothers .
John Green Crosse , FRCS , FRS ( 1790 - -1850 ) was a well - known English surgeon of his day , at the old Norfolk and Norwich Hospital .
Ernest Hodkin ( 1890 -- 1967 ) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland and Stoke .
Blessed John Story ( or Storey ) ( 1504 -- 1 June 1571 ) was an English Roman Catholic martyr and Member of Parliament .
Gaylord Powless ( 1946 - -2001 ) was a Mohawk lacrosse player from the Six Nations of the Grand River First Nation Indian reserve near Brantford , Ontario .
Andrew Baird ( 11 June 1866 in Irvine -- 1916 ) was a Scottish footballer , who played for Queen 's Park and Scotland .
Harry Whittier Frees ( 1879 - -1953 ) was an American photographer who created novelty postcards and children 's books based on his photographs of live , posed animals .
Pope Gregory XV ( Latin : Gregorius XV ; 9 January 1554 -- 8 July 1623 ) , born Alessandro Ludovisi , was Pope from 9 February 1621 to his death in 1623 .
Enrique Campos Menéndez ( 1914 - -2007 ) was Marquee of Torreblanca and a Chilean writer .
Rami Mehmed Pasha ( 1645 - -1706 ) was an Ottoman statesman and poet who served as Grand Vizier ( 1703 ) and governor of Cyprus and of Egypt ( 1704 - -06 ) .
Rhoda Delaval Astley ( 1 July 1725 -- 1757 ) was an English aristocrat and artist .
Shakuntala Devi ( 4 November 1929 -- 21 April 2013 ) was an Indian writer and mental calculator , popularly known as the `` human computer '' .
Lou Miami ( 1956 -- August 1995 ) was an American punk musician based in Boston , Massachusetts , United States .
Jacques Christian or Jacob Christiaan Pielat ( sometimes Pielaat ) ( 27 August 1692 , Rotterdam - ca . 3 August 1740 , Loosduinen ) was the 22nd Governor of Ceylon during the Dutch colonial time from 2 December 1732 until 27 January 1734 .
AVM Saeedullah Khan ( 23 July 1926 - 2002 ) was one of the pioneering officers of Pakistan Air Force .
Samuel Eaton ( 1596?--1665 ) , was an English independent divine .
Maria Cumani Quasimodo ( 7 January 1908 - 22 November 1995 ) was an Italian actress and dancer .
Herbert Rose Barraud ( 24 August 1845 - 1896 ) was a noted portrait photographer who had studios in London and Liverpool .
Howard Wilbert Nowell ( May 16 , 1872 - -1940 ) , was instructor in pathology at Boston University , and a pioneering cancer researcher .
James Milner , 9th Seigneur of Sark ( died 1730 ) bought the fief of Sark from John Johnson in 1723 for £ 5,000 , and was Seigneur of Sark until 1730 .
Alfredo Le Pera ( 4 June 1900 -- 24 June 1935 ) was a journalist , dramatist , and lyricist , best known for his brief but fruitful collaboration with the renowned tango singer Carlos Gardel .
Anton Štefánek ( 15 April 1877 -- 29 April 1964 ) was a Slovak politician and sociologist who was involved in the campaign for Czech and Slovak unity and independence from the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
Lottie Gilson ( 1862 -- June 10 , 1912 ) was a popular comedian and vaudeville singer of the 1880s and 1890s .
Maria Fortunata d'Este ( 24 November 1731 -- 21 September 1803 ) was a Modenese princess by birth and a princess of the blood of France by marriage .
Beata Oxenstierna ( 1591 in Reval Castle -- 16 March 1652 ) , was a Swedish noblewoman and courtier .
Nazario Sauro ( 20 September 1880 -- 10 August 1916 ) was an Austrian - born Italian irredentist and sailor .
William Josephus Stafford ( 1781 - 1823 ) , also known as William S. Stafford and Jose Guillermo Estifano , was a sea captain and privateer during the War of 1812 and afterward .
The McKinleys were a Scottish pop duo comprising sisters Sheila ( ca . 1941 -- 16 December 2012 ) and Jeanette McKinley .
Sir Louis Mallet CB PC ( 14 March 1823 -- 16 February 1890 ) was a British civil servant who was an advocate of free trade and served on the Council of India .
James C. Rose ( 1913 - -1991 ) was a prominent landscape architect and author of the twentieth century .
Arnljot Eggen ( 13 August 1923 -- 4 February 2009 ) was a Norwegian poet who also wrote plays and children 's books .
Manuel María Mallarino Ibargüen ( 18 June 1808 -- 6 January 1872 ) was the 8th Vice President of New Granada , and as such served as Acting President from 1855 to 1857 .
Niklaus Stump ( 23 December 1920 -- 30 April 2005 ) was a Swiss cross - country and Nordic combined skier who competed during the 1940s .
Thomas Nelson , 2nd Earl Nelson , born Thomas Bolton ( 7 July 1786 -- 1 November 1835 ) , was the 2nd Earl Nelson .
Luo Zundian ( Chinese : 羅遵殿 ; died March 19 , 1860 ) was a Chinese provincial governor who ended several rebellions , but forced to commit suicide in the Second rout the Army Group Jiangnan in Hangzhou when the Taiping forces conquered the city .
Miguel Gómez Bao ( 1894 -17 September 1961 ) was a Spanish - born Argentine actor of the Golden Age of Argentine cinema .
Leonard Edgcombe ( died 1696 ) was a ship 's captain with the Hudson 's Bay Company who made a number of voyages into Hudson Bay and James Bay on behalf of the company .
John Bowra ( baptised 3 June 1716 at Sevenoaks , Kent ; buried 22 December 1785 at Sevenoaks ) was an English professional cricketer of the mid - Georgian period who made 5 known appearances in first - class cricket .
Leonora Corbett ( 28 June 1908 -- 29 July 1960 ) was an English actress , noted for her charm and elegance in stage roles , and for a number of films made in the 1930s .
Theodore Kremer ( 1871 - -1923 ) was a German born playwright whose works include The Fatal Wedding .
Albert Dumouchel ( 15 April 1916 -- 11 January 1971 ) was a Canadian artist , photographer and printmaker .
Anand Shetty ( c. 1961 -- 21 May 2013 ) was an Indian athlete who specialized in sprints .
Vincenzo Foppa ( c. 1430 -- c. 1515 ) was a Northern - Italian painter , active in a Renaissance style .
Andrieu Contredit d'Arras ( c.1200 - -1248 ) was a trouvère from Arras and active in the Puy d'Arras .
Albert Suho ( before 1390 - after 1449 ) was a German cleric and writer .
Emperor Hiệp Hòa , also known as Nguyễn Phúc Hồng Dật , was the sixth emperor of the Vietnamese Nguyễn Dynasty and reigned for four months ( 30 July 1883 -- 29 November 1883 ) .
Jack Flavell ( 15 May 1929 -- 25 February 2004 ) was an English cricketer who played in four Tests for England from 1961 to 1964 .
Andrea Biglia ( c.1395 -- 1435 ) was an Italian Augustinian humanist , known as a moral philosopher and historian .
Marcus Claudius Fronto ( killed in battle AD 170 ) was a Roman senator and Consul , and a general in the Imperial Roman army during the reigns of emperors Antoninus Pius ( r.138 - 61 ) and Marcus Aurelius ( r. 161 - 80 ) .
Nakdimon Rogel ( 1925 - 8 December 2011 ) was an Israeli journalist , broadcaster and pioneer of Israeli television .
Bhagwan Das ( 12 January 1869 -- 18 September 1958 ) was an Indian Theosophist and public figure .
Muhammad Abu Zahra ( 1898 - -1974 ) was an Egyptian public intellectual , scholar of Islamic law , and author .
James Dafforne ( died 1880 ) was an English journalist , known for his art criticism in The Art Journal .
Brian Kenneth Hobbs ( 1937 - -2004 ) was a medical doctor in Adelaide , South Australia and chair of Community Aid Abroad .
Cornelis Pietersz Bega , or Cornelis Pietersz Begijn ( 1631/1632 -- 27 August 1664 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and engraver .
Ernricus Pirhing ( born at Sigarthin , near Passau , 1606 ; died between 1678 and 1681 ) was a German Jesuit canon lawyer .
Charles FitzRoy , 2nd Duke of Grafton KG PC FRS ( 25 October 1683 -- 6 May 1757 ) was an Irish and English politician .
Isaiah Emmanuel Morter ( sometimes spelled Isiah ) ( 1860 - 7 April 1924 ) was born in 1860 in the Freetown district of Belize .
Murong Huang ( Chinese : 慕容皝 ; 297 - -348 ) , courtesy name Yuanzhen ( 元真 ) , formally Prince Wenming of ( Former ) Yan ( ( 前)燕文明王 ) was a ruler of the Xianbei state Former Yan and the commonly recognized founder of the state .
George Henry Bachhoffner ( 1810 - -1879 ) , was a British scientist , one of the founders of the London Polytechnic Institution , and a lecturer on scientific subjects .
Abu Shuayb Ayub Ibn Said Erredad al - Sanhaji Assariya ( French transliteration Abou Chouaib ) ( died 1176 - 7 ) is the patron saint of Azemmour , Morocco .
Eladio Acosta Arteaga ( 9 April 1916 -- 30 January 2012 ) was a Colombian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church .
Rev. Dr. John Henry Barrows ( 1847 - -1902 ) was an American clergyman of First Presbyterian Church and Chairman of the 1883 General Committee on the Congress of Religions ( later to be known as the World 's Parliament of Religions ) .
Admiral of the Fleet Sir Cloudesley Shovell ( c. November 1650 -- 22 October or 23 October 1707 ) , was an English naval officer .
Edward John Dunn ( 1 November 1844 -- 20 April 1937 ) was an English - born Australian geologist , winner of the 1905 Murchison Medal .
Heinrich Koenen ( 12 May 1910 -- February 1945 ) was a German engineer , anti - fascist resistance fighter and agent of the Soviet military intelligence service GRU .
Louis Dyer ( 1851 - -1908 ) was an American educator and author born in Chicago in the U.S. state of Illinois .
Air Vice - Marshal Peter Furniss , DFC ( 16 July 1919 -- 11 December 2005 ) was a British solicitor and senior Royal Air Force officer .
Ștefan Gușă or Gușe ( 17 April 1940 -- 28 March 1994 ) was a Romanian general who was the Chief of the General Staff of the Romanian Armed Forces between 1986 and 1989 .
Quauhtlatoa ( or Cuauhtlatoa ) ( 1 Flint ( 1428 ) -- 4 Reed ( 1431)/7 Flint ( 1460)/8 House ( 1461 ) ) was a tlatoani ( king , ruler ) of the Nahua city - state Tlatelolco .
Are nt Greve de Besche ( 4 December 1878 -- 17 September 1945 ) was a Norwegian bacteriologist .
George Beranger ( 27 March 1893 -- 8 March 1973 ) , also known as André Beranger , was an Australian actor and film director of stage and Hollywood .
Karl Adolf Lorenz ( 13 August 1837 -- 3 March 1923 ) was a German conductor , composer , and music pedagogue .
Rebecca Rawson ( May 23 , 1656 , Massachusetts - June 7-June 9 , 1692 , near Port Royal , Jamaica ) was the heroine of the 1849 book Leaves from Margaret Smith 's Journal , in the Province of Massachusetts Bay ( by John G. Whittier ) .
Eduard Clemens Fechner ( 21 August 1799 -- 7 February 1861 ) was a German portrait painter and an etcher .
Qazi Syed Hayatullah ( died c. 1135 AH / 1722 AD ) was a Muslim scholar of Fiqh from Sakras , District Gurgaon ( Haryana , India ) .
Ezra Stoller ( 16 May 1915 -- 29 October 2004 ) was an American architectural photographer .
Konstantinos Mazarakis - Ainian ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Μαζαράκης-Αινιάν , 1869 - -1949 ) was a Greek Army officer who rose to the rank of Lieutenant General .
Orme Bristowe ( 12 April 1895 -- 27 December 1938 ) was an English cricketer .
Dr. Victor George Springett ( 28 September 1916 -- 8 September 1990 ) was a politician in the State of South Australia .
Kailash Radhabai Subbarayan , nee Kudmul ( b. April 22 , 1891-d . 1960 ) was an Indian politician , women 's rights activist and social reformer .
Leo Motzkin ( also Mozkin ; 1867 -- 7 November 1933 ) was a Russian Zionist leader .
Thomas Francis Brennan ( 6 October 1855 -- 20 March 1916 ) was an American Catholic bishop who served as the first Catholic bishop of Dallas from 1891 to 1893 .
Mauri Nyberg - Noroma ( born 31 January 1908 in Viborg , died 23 December 1939 in Muolaa ) was a Finnish gymnast .
Richard Sloley ( 20 August 1891 - -17 October 1946 ) , sometimes known as Dick Stoley , was an English amateur football inside right who played in the Football League for Aston Villa .
Henno Martin ( March 15 , 1910 -- January 7 1998 ) was a German professor of geology who , along with Hermann Korn , lived for two years in the Namib Desert to avoid internment during the Second World War .
George Adamson MBE ( 3 February 1906 -- 20 August 1989 ) , also known as the Baba ya Simba ( `` Father of Lions '' in Swahili ) , was a British wildlife conservationist and author .
Walter Nugent Monck ( 1877 - 1958 ) was an English theatre director and founder of Maddermarket Theatre , Norwich .
Maximilian Joseph Franz of Oer ( 1806 - -1846 ) was a German author , baron , and older brother of the notable artist Theobald von Oer .
Kane O'Hara ( 1711 or 1712 -- 17 June 1782 ) was an Irish composer and playwright .
Philip Rosseter ( 1568 -- 5 May 1623 ) was an English composer and musician , as well as a theatrical manager .
Thamizhavel G. Sarangapani , ( Tamil : தமிழவேள் கோ. சாரங்கபாணி , 19 April 1903 -- 16 March 1974 ) or Kosa as he was also known , a Tamil writer and publisher , was born in Thiruvarur , Tamil Nadu , on 20 April 1903 .
Carl Hoddle ( 8 March 1967 -- 2 March 2008 ) was an English football player and coach .
Jeanne Duval ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒan dyˈval ) ) ( c.1820 -- 1862 ) was a Haitian - born actress and dancer of mixed French and black African ancestry .
Konstantinos Manetas ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Μανέτας , 1879 - -1960 ) was a Greek Army officer who rose to the rank of Lieutenant General and served as Chief of the Hellenic Army General Staff in 1931 .
Erich Wenk ( 12 August 1923 -- 30 March 2012 ) was a German bass - baritone singer in opera and especially in concert .
Jean Clérée ( 1450 - -1507 ) was the Master of the Order of Preachers in 1507 .
George Wolfe Plank ( 1883 - -1965 ) was an American artist illustrator , chiefly remembered for his long - term association with Vogue Magazine , which resulted in years of covers in an Art Deco style related to that of Helen Dryden and influenced , by among others , Edmund Dulac .
Count Lasher was the stage - name of Terence Parkins ( c.1921 -- 1977 ) , a Jamaican singer and songwriter .
Paul Parmalee ( 1926 - 2006 ) was an early worker in the field of zooarchaeology .
Ngô Đình Cẩn ( 1911 -- 9 May 1964 ) was a younger brother and confidant of South Vietnam 's first president , Ngô Đình Diệm , and an important member of the Diệm government .
The Rev. Samuel Lodge ( 11 February 1829 -- 5 September 1897 ) was the author of Scrivelsby , the Home of the Champions He was a headmaster of Horncastle Grammar School , Lincolnshire , rector for 30 years of Scrivelsby in Lincolnshire , and a Canon of Lincoln Cathedral .
James Milnes Gaskell ( 19 October 1810 -- 5 February 1873 ) was a British Conservative politician .
Jane Deans ( née McIlraith , 21 April 1823 -- 19 January 1911 ) was a New Zealand pioneer and community leader .
William G. Sebold ( Wilhelm Georg Debrowski ; 10 March 1899 in Mülheim , Germany -- 16 February 1970 in Walnut Creek , California ) was a United States citizen when he visited Germany and was coerced into becoming a spy .
Theodore Bruce ( 5 April 1847 -- 2 July 1911 ) was an auctioneer , politician and Mayor of Adelaide 1904 - 1907 .
Shayah Charnam ( d. 1929 ) was a Jewish communist activist in Poland .
Elizabeth Hanbury ( 9 June 1793 -- 31 October 1901 ) was a British philanthropist who worked with Elizabeth Fry .
Oluf Gjerset ( 1 June 1848 -- 29 May 1941 ) was a Norwegian - born , American politician from Minnesota .
Sir Nicholas Malby ( 1530?--1584 ) was an English soldier active in Ireland , Lord President of Connaught from 1579 to 1581 .
Godfrid Haraldsson ( c. 820 -- c. 856 ) was the son of the Danish king Harald Klak .
George Blackman ( 1897 -- March 2003 ) , was born in Barbados and served as a Private in the 4th British West Indies Regiment during the First World War .
Georg Hochgesang ( 3 November 1897 -- 12 June 1988 ) was a German football forward , who played for 1 .
Przemysław of Racibórz ( Polish : Przemysław raciborski ) ( between 21 October 1258 and 12 June 1268 -- 7 May 1306 ) was a Duke of Racibórz since 1282 until his death ( until 1290 with his brother as co - ruler ) .
Anthony Rous ( 1605 -- 1 May 1677 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1653 and 1660 .
Edward Cromwell , 3rd Baron Cromwell , Kt ( c. 1560 -- 27 April 1607 ) was an English peer .
James Cardwell Gardner ( 29 June 1864 -- 25 March 1935 ) , also known by his nickname Jumps Gardner , was an English doctor and amateur rower who won the Diamond Challenge Sculls at Henley Royal Regatta and the Wingfield Sculls and rowed for Cambridge in the Boat Race in 1888 , 1889 and 1890 .
Charles Bruce , 5th Earl of Elgin and 9th Earl of Kincardine ( 6 July 1732 -- 14 May 1771 ) was the son of William Bruce , 8th Earl of Kincardine .
Wang Chucun ( 王處存 ) ( 831 - -895 ) was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , who controlled Yiwu Circuit ( 義武 , headquartered in modern Baoding , Hebei ) in late Tang .
Emil Diesen ( 14 April 1880 -- 24 June 1942 ) was a Norwegian civil servant and editor .
Michael John O'Brien ( 19 September 1851 -- 26 October 1940 ) was a railway builder , industrialist and philanthropist .
Robert Kloster ( 8 March 1905 -- 7 February 1979 ) was a Norwegian museum director and art historian .
Otto Carlmar ( 14 August 1902 -- 20 May 1987 ) was a Norwegian film producer , writer and actor , most active during the 1950s .
Fazzio ( Fatius , Fazius , Facius ) of Verona ( 1190 - -1272 ) was an Italian saint .
Bernard Tilakaratna , SLOS ( 1927 - -2004 ) was a senior diplomat and bureaucrat of the Sri Lankan government .
Randolph Fields ( 29 December 1952 , Santa Monica California -- 24 February 1997 , Jersey , Channel Islands ) was an Anglo - American lawyer who founded British Atlantic Airways which later became Virgin Atlantic Airways .
Mohammad Biriya and the original name Mohammad Baghezadeh ( Azerbaijani : Məhəmməd Biriya , Persian : محمد بي‌ريا‎‎ ; born 1914 in Tabriz -- death 1985 in Tabriz ) was an Iranian Azerbaijani poet and politician .
John Hay , 4th Marquess of Tweeddale PC ( 1695 -- 9 December 1762 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Mohan Upreti ( Hindi : मोहन उप्रेती ) ( 1928 - -1997 ) was an Indian theatre director , playwright and a music composer , considered one of the pioneers in Indian theatre music .
George Washington Carroll ( 1855 - -1935 ) was a Texas oil and lumber businessman , and longtime advocate for the prohibition of the sale of alcoholic beverages .
Ingenuin Molitor ( Habach , 1610 - -1669 ) was a German - born Franciscan priest and composer .
James Paris Lee ( 9 August 1831 -- 24 February 1904 ) was a British , Canadian and later American inventor and arms designer , best known for inventing the Lee--
Marx W. Wartofsky ( 1928 - -1997 ) was a philosopher , specialising in historical epistemology .
Sir Henry Wentworth of Nettlestead , Suffolk , KB ( born c.1448 , died between 17 August 1499 and 27 February 1501 ) , de jure 4th Baron Despenser , was the grandfather of Henry VIII 's third wife , Jane Seymour , and the great - grandfather of Jane 's son , Edward VI .
Edmond de Stoutz ( 18 December 1920 -- 28 January 1997 ) was a Swiss conductor from Zurich .
Ee - mat - la , also known as King Philip , ( died 1839 ) was a Seminole chief during the Second Seminole War .
Alf Schwarz ( 22 May 1935 -- 3 August 2015 ) was a Canadian sociologist noted for his research in Sub - Saharan Africa .
Johann Schwarzer ( 30 August 1880 -- 10 October 1914 ) was an Austrian photographer and pioneer producer of adult films through his Saturn - Film company .
Morton Bartlett ( 1909 in Boston -- 1992 ) was an American freelance photographer and graphic designer who , from 1936 to 1963 , devoted much of his spare time to creating and photographing a series of intricately carved lifelike plaster dolls .
Christoffer Hjort ( 1561 - -1616 ) was a Norwegian clergyman and crypto - Catholic .
Dai Woodham , MBE , BEM ( 5 September 1919 - 12 September 1994 ) , born David Lloyd Victor Woodham , is remembered by many steam railway enthusiasts as the man who saved over 200 former British Railways steam locomotives from the scrap heap .
Martyn Fonnereau ( 19 March 1741 -- 18 May 1817 ) was the second son of Zachary Philip Fonnereau , a British merchant and banker of Huguenot extraction .
Liam Forde was an alias used by Séamas Ó Maoiléoin ( aka James Malone ) ( 1891 - 1958 ) of Tyrrellspass , County Westmeath , Ireland when working as a spy for Michael Collins .
Georges Prosper Remi (; 22 May 1907 -- 3 March 1983 ) , known by the pen name Hergé ( ) , was a Belgian cartoonist .
John Northcote ( 1570 - 1632 ) of Uton and Hayne , Newton St Cyres , near Crediton , Devon , was a member of the Devonshire gentry , lord of the manor of Newton St Cyres , who is chiefly known to history for his artistically acclaimed effigy and monument in Newton St Cyres Church .
Alan Arthur ( 12 November 1905 -- 9 August 1979 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played thirty games for Essendon in 1928 and 1930 in the Victorian Football League ( now the AFL ) .
Jeffery Hart Bent , occasionally known as Geoffrey Hart Bent ( 1781 -- 29 June 1852 ) was the first judge in the colony of New South Wales , Australia .
Ven Hong Choon died on 25 December 1990 , after which a relic stupa and a memorial hall was built at the Phor Kark See Monastery commemorating him .
William Stewart , 2nd Viscount Mountjoy ( 1675 - 10 January 1728 ) , was an Anglo - Irish peer .
Wolfgang von Graben , also Wolfgang de Groben ( de Gröben ) ( 1465 in Kornberg castle , Styria -- 11 December 1521 ) , was a member of the Austrian nobility .
Talib Chakwali ( 1900 - 1988 ) was an Urdu ghazal and nazm writer .
Francis Colegrove ( c. 1667 -- c. 1759 ) was an English colonial immigrant , born most likely in Oxfordshire or London , England , although others have suggested Glamorgan , Wales , who settled in Warwick , Rhode Island , in about 1688 .
Thomas Brerewood ( c.1670 - 22 December 1746 ) , was a ' Gentleman Entrepreneur & Fraudster ' .
Víctor Marchesini ( 1930 - -1999 ) , born in Río Negro Province , was an Argentine lawyer and politician .
John Francklyn ( c. 1564 -- 1645 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1644 .
Max Abraham ( German : ( ˈaːbʀaham ) ; 26 March 1875 -- 16 November 1922 ) was a German physicist .
Nicolaes Woutersz van der Meer ( 1575 -- 1666 ) , was a Dutch brewer , magistrate and mayor of Haarlem , best known today for his portrait with its pendant of his wife Cornelia Claesdr Voogt , both painted by Frans Hals in 1631 .
Otis M. Smith ( 1922 - -1994 ) was the first African American justice on the Michigan Supreme Court and the General Counsel for General Motors .
Alfred Renard ( 21 April 1895 - 20 June 1988 ) was an eminent Belgian aviation pioneer .
Saint Gobain ( died 670 ) , also known as Goban , was an Irish Benedictine monk and spiritual student of Saint Fursey at Burgh Castle , Norfolk , England .
John Seymour , 4th Duke of Somerset ( before 1646 -- 29 April 1675 ) was an English peer and MP .
John Alexander Gresse ( 1741 - -1794 ) , was an English painter and drawing - master .
William West Neve ( 7 June 1852 -- 26 December 1942 ) was a minor English architect in the Arts and Crafts style .
Archibald Menzies ( /ˈmɪŋɪs/ MING - iss ; 15 March 1754 -- 15 February 1842 ) was a Scottish surgeon , botanist and naturalist .
Joseph Leeson , 2nd Earl of Milltown ( 1730 -- 27 November 1801 ) , styled Viscount Russborough between 1763 and 1783 , was an Irish peer .
Martin J. Levitt ( 14 October 1944 -- 21 November 2004 ) was a supervisory trainer , union buster and a union organizer on and off over a 20-year period before 1987 when he reportedly changed direction .
Hamazasp Srvandztyan ( Armenian : Համազասպ Սրվանձտյան ; 1873 -- 18 February 1921 ) , commonly known as Hamazasp , was an Armenian fedayee military commander and member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation .
Colonel John Macleod of Colbecks ( died 1823 ) was a British soldier , during the Napoleonic Wars .
Darius Goff ( 10 May 1809 -- 14 April 1891 ) was one of the foremost textile manufacturers in the United States and a leading citizen of Pawtucket , Rhode Island .
Philipp Krementz ( 1 December 1819 -- 6 May 1899 ) was a German Catholic bishop , created Cardinal in 1893 .
Dr. Pritam Saini ( 1927 - -2003 ) was a Punjabi journalist , literary critic and history scholar .
Knut Strøm ( 25 January 1923 -- 10 September 2007 ) was a Norwegian resistance fighter and Lieutenant colonel in the Norwegian army .
Baselios Solomon was the Maphrian of the East of the Syriac Orthodox Church , from 1509 until his death in 1518 .
William Thomas Collings ( 4 September 1823 -- 7 March 1882 ) was a clergyman of the Church of England who served as Seigneur of Sark from 1853 to 1882 .
Wojciech Długoraj ( c. 1557 - after 1619 ) , also called Wiecesław Długoraj , Adalbert Długoraj and Gostinensis , was a Polish Renaissance composer and lutenist .
James Allen Harker FLS ( 31 July 1847 -- 19 December 1894 ) was an English entomologist , professor of natural history at the Royal Agricultural College in Cirencester , Gloucestershire from 1881 until his death .
William Baylor Hartland ( 1836 - -1912 ) was a plantsman from Ireland .
Bernard Joy ( 29 October 1911 -- 18 July 1984 ) was an English footballer and journalist .
Fridtjof Frank Gundersen ( 29 October 1934 -- 11 November 2011 ) was a Norwegian professor of jurisprudence and politician .
Eugen Ciucă ( Romanian : ( e.uˈd͡ʒen t͡ʃjukə ) ; 27 February 1913 -- 26 September 2005 ) was a contemporary Romanian - American artist known for his monumental sculptures , vivid paintings and drawings of delicate feminine figures .
Conall Laeg Breg mac Áedo Sláine ( died 612 ) was a King of Brega from the Síl nÁedo Sláine branch of the southern Ui Neill .
Emory McClintock ( 1840 - -1916 ) , born John Emory McClintock was an American actuary , born in Carlisle , Pennsylvania .
Lysander ( /laɪˈsændər/ or /ˈlaɪˌsændər/ ; died 395 BCE , Greek : Λύσανδρος , Lýsandros ) was a Spartan admiral who commanded the Spartan fleet in the Hellespont which defeated the Athenians at Aegospotami in 405 BCE .
William Freeman ( c. 1558 - -13 August 1595 ) was an English Roman Catholic priest during the Reformation .
Sir Henry Unton ( or Umpton ) ( c. 1557 -- 23 March 1596 ) was an Elizabethan English diplomat .
Walter Valdi ( stage name of Walter Pinnetti ; 20 August 1930 -- 13 October 2003 ) was an Italian singer , songwriter , author and actor of several songs and theatrical pieces in Milanese Dialect .
Brita Sophia De la Gardie ( 1713 - -1797 ) was a Swedish noble and amateur actress .
Estelle May Hurll ( 1863 - -1924 ) , a student of aesthetics , wrote a series of popular aesthetic analyses of art in the early twentieth century .
Quentin Lawrence ( 1920 in Gravesend -- 1979 in Halifax , Yorkshire ) was an English film and television director .
Jacob Yoder , pioneer , born in Reading , Pennsylvania , 11 August 1758 : died in Spencer County , Kentucky , 7 April 1832 .
Gad Tedeschi ( Hebrew : גד טדסקי ; Italian : Guido Uberto Tedeschi ) ( born 1907 ; died 1992 ) was an Israeli jurist .
Cattamanchi Ramalinga Reddy OM ( 10 December 1880 -- 24 February 1951 ) , also popularly known as Sir C. R. Reddy , was an educationist and political thinker , essayist and economist , poet and literary critic .
Ferdinand Canu ( 1863 - 1932 ) was a French paleontologist and author .
Sabita Devi ( 1914 - -1965 ) was a Hindi film actress in Indian cinema .
P.Bhaskaranunni ( 17 Dec 1926 -- 8 April 1994 ) was a historian and Malayalam literary critic .
Walter Belasco ( 1864 , Vancouver , Canada -- 21 June 1939 , San Francisco , California ) was a Canadian silent film actor .
Chet Gardner , Born `` Chester Leroy Gardner '' ( 16 March 1898 in Grant City , Missouri -- 3 September 1938 in Flemington , New Jersey ) was an American racecar driver , named by promoters as `` The Grand Old Man of Auto Racing . ''
John Krushenick ( March 18 , 1927 -- June 19 , 1998 ) painter and co - founder of the Brata Gallery in New York City .
David Caro ( ca . 1782 , Fordon , Grand Duchy of Posen--25 December 1839 , Posen ) was a Prussian pedagogue .
Leonard Steinberg , Baron Steinberg ( 1 August 1936 -- 2 November 2009 ) was a British life peer and multi - millionaire businessman .
Main Poc died in 1816 , furthering the trend to leaders who were comfortable in both the Potawatomi villages and the American trading companies .
Upendra Kumar ( 1941 -- 24 January 2002 ) ( Kannada : ಉಪೇಂದ್ರ ಕುಮಾರ್ ) was an Indian music director who predominantly worked in Kannada and Oriya films .
Nicholas Sturgeon ( ca.1380s - 1454 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1442 to 1454 , a composer and a compiler of the Old Hall Manuscript .
Jean - Baptiste Baudry ( bapt 3 July 1684 -- 20 November 1755 ) was born at Trois - Rivières and was the son of Guillaume Baudry , a gunsmith and goldsmith .
Simon Deignan ( 1922 -- November 2006 ) was a former Gaelic football player for Cavan , and a referee .
Peregrine Branwhite ( 1745 - 1795 ? ) , was an English poet .
Cosmo Grant Niven Edwards ( c. 1896 - 22 July 1964 ) was a soldier and British civil servant of the Indian political service who served as resident for the Madras States .
Dionys van Dongen ( 1748 Dordrecht--1819 Rotterdam ) was a Dutch painter .
Nicholas Comper ( 29 April 1897 -- 17 June 1939 ) was an English aviator and aircraft designer , whose most notable success was the 1930s Comper Swift monoplane racer .
Johann Carl Friedrich Dauthe ( 26 September 1746 -- 13 July 1816 ) was a German architect and etcher who specialised in the Neo - Classical style .
Lope Íñiguez ( c. 1050 -- 1093 ) succeeded his father Íñigo López to become the second Lord of Biscay in 1076 .
Heinrich August Hahn ( 19 June 1821 , Königsberg - 1 December 1861 ) was a German theologian and the eldest son of the theologian August Hahn .
Edward Heneage , 1st Baron Heneage PC , JP , DL ( 29 March 1840 -- 10 August 1922 ) was a British Liberal and Liberal Unionist politician .
Jeremy Hindley ( 1 January 1944 -- 7 January 2013 ) was an English horse trainer who trained around 700 winners in a 17-year career .
Thomas Fletcher Oakes ( July 15 , 1843 in Boston -- 1919 in Seattle ) was president of Northern Pacific Railway from 1888 to 1893 .
Frits Goodings ( 10 October 1963 - 7 June 1989 , Paramaribo ) was a Dutch - Surinamese footballer .
Jack Dolan ( 14 June 1906 -- 5 March 2001 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sir William Reginald Halliday ( 26 September 1886 -- 25 November 1966 ) was a historian and archaeologist who served as Principal of King 's College London from 1928 to 1952 .
Christian Henrik Nicolai Mejdell ( 21 April 1822 -- 1899 ) was a Norwegian mining engineer .
Endel Laas ( 29 August 1915 in Tartu -- 1 November 2009 ) was an Estonian forest scientist and professor .
Sir John Watson Gibson OBE ( 1885 - -1947 ) was an English civil engineer , key in developing the water supply infrastructure in the former British Empire , and instrumental in the design of Mulberry Harbour used in the Normandy landings .
John Orlando Parry ( 3 January 1810 -- 20 February 1879 ) was an English actor , pianist , artist , comedian and singer .
John Monson ( c.1628 -- 14 October 1674 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1660 and 1674 .
Christer Zetterberg ( 2 November 1941 -- 5 April 2012 ) was a Swedish businessman and Chairman of investment bank Carnegie .
Dudley Ryder , 6th Earl of Harrowby ( 11 October 1892 -- 7 May 1987 ) , known as Viscount Sandon from 1900 to 1956 , was a British peer and Conservative Member of Parliament .
Flight Lieutenant Wallace McIntosh DFC and Bar , DFM ( 27 March 1920 -- 4 June 2007 ) flew 55 bombing missions with the RAF during the Second World War as an air gunner in Lancaster bombers .
Thomas McAfee ( November 28 , 1866 -- May 1947 ) was an Irish - born Presbyterian minister and political figure in Saskatchewan .
The Reverend Thomas Seaton ( baptised 2 October 1684 , Stamford , Lincolnshire , died 18 August 1741 at Ravenstone , Buckinghamshire ) , was a Church of England clergyman and religious writer .
Luelen Bernart ( Pohnpei 1866 - 1946 ) was the first Micronesian to write a book and Pohnpei 's first historian .
Yogini Joglekar ( 6 Aug 1925 -- 1 Nov 2005 ) was a famous Marathi writer , poet and also a renowned classical singer .
Giovanni Aurelio Augurello ( Joannes Aurelius Augurellus ) ( 1441 - -1524 ) was an Italian humanist scholar , poet and alchemist .
Meir Eisenstaedter ( Meir ben Judah Leib Eisenstädter , 1780 - 1852 ) was a nineteenth - century rabbi , Talmudist , and paytan ( liturgic poet ) .
Jan Wellens de Cock ( c. 1480 -- 1527 ) was a Flemish painter and draftsman of the Northern Renaissance .
Victoire Jean - Baptiste ( 1861 - -1923 ) , known as `` La Belle Victoire '' , was a Haitian politician de facto , mistress to president Florvil Hyppolite and highly influential during his reign .
Alice Cordelia Morse ( June 1 , 1863 - -July 15 , 1961 ) was a designer of book covers .
Helge Ellingsen Waagaard ( 27 January 1781 -- 25 March 1817 ) was a Norwegian farmer and non - commissioned military officer .
John James Wright ( 20 February 1821 -- 22 October 1904 ) was an Australian flour miller , local government councillor , local government head , Member of Lower House , Orangeman and store / shopkeeper .
Abram Hill , also known as Ab Hill , ( 20 January 1910 -- 13 October 1986 ) was an American playwright ; author of On Strivers Row , Walk Hard , Talk Loud and several other plays ; and a principal figure in the development of black theatre from Atlanta , Georgia .
Roger Niger ( died 1241 ) was a thirteenth - century cleric who became Bishop of London .
George Cranstoun , Lord Corehouse ( died 1850 ) was a Scottish advocate , judge and satirist .
William I Sanudo ( or Guglielmo ; died ca . 1323 ) was the fourth Duke of the Archipelago from 1303 to his death .
Otto Furrer ( 19 October 1903 -- 26 July 1951 ) was a Swiss alpine skier and cross - country skier and world champion .
Ann Griffiths ( née Thomas ) ( April 1776 -- August 1805 ) was a Welsh poet and writer of Methodist Christian hymns .
Arne Meidell ( 17 November 1894 -- 8 August 1963 ) was a Norwegian jurist and businessperson .
Juan Coronel ( born 1569 , in Spain ; died 1651 , at Mérida , Mexico ) was a Spanish Franciscan missionary .
Ralph Amner ( died 1664 ) , a relation of John Amner , was admitted a lay clerk of Ely Cathedral in 1604 , and retained the post until 1609 , when he was succeeded by Michael Este .
Colin Mackenzie , 1st Earl of Seaforth ( 1596/7 - 1633 ) , was a Highland clan chief and Scottish nobleman , possessed of vast estates and wealth .
Vladimir Košak ( 25 July 1908 -- 18 June 1947 ) was a Croatian economist , lawyer , politician and diplomat .
Johannes Rosinus ( Johann Roszfeld ) ( c. 1550 -- 1626 ) was the German author of a work on Roman antiquities called Antiquitatum romanarum corpus absolutissimum , which first appeared at Basel in 1585 .
Mario Esposito ( 7 September 1887 -- 19 February 1975 ) was an Irish and Italian scholar who specialised in Hiberno - Latin studies .
Albert Whiggs Easmon ( 1865 -- 21 May 1923 ) was a Sierra Leonean doctor and the half - brother of Dr John Farrell Easmon .
Louis Antoine François Baillon ( 20 January 1778 -- 3 December 1855 ) was a French naturalist and collector .
Dionicio Rodriguez ( 1891 - -1955 ) was a Mexican - born artist and architect whose work can be seen in Alabama , Arkansas , Illinois , Maryland , Michigan , New Mexico , Tennessee , and Texas , as well as Washington , D.C. and Mexico City .
Albert I of Käfernburg ( German : Albrecht I. von Käfernburg ) ( died 15 October 1232 ) was the eighteenth Archbishop of Magdeburg .
Christian Thams ( 9 September 1867 -- 22 May 1948 ) was a Norwegian architect , industrialist , businessman and diplomat .
Piero della Francesca ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpjɛːro della franˈtʃeska ) listen ; c. 1415 -- 12 October 1492 ) was an Italian painter of the Early Renaissance .
Joseph Relph ( 3 December 1712 -- 26 June 1743 ) was a Cumberland poet ( his first name is given as Josiah in later editions of the Dictionary of National Biography ) .
Albert Ballard ( 2 August 1888 -- 7 January 1969 ) was a leading figure in the British Co - operative Party .
Giacomo Franceschini ( 1672 - -1745 ) ( also called Jacopo Franceschini ) was an Italian painter .
Lieutenant - Colonel Allister Miller DSO OBE ( 1892 - -1951 ) was a South African aviation pioneer , who contributed significantly to both military and civil aviation in his country during the first half of the 20th century .
Vincenzo Fabrizi ( 1764 -- c. 1812 ) was an Italian composer of opera buffa .
Nicol Galanderian ( Armenian : Նիկոլ Գասպարի Գալանդերյան ( also Nikol ) , September 7 , 1881 - March 2 , 1944 ) was a noted composer of Armenian music and is especially known for vocal , choral and children 's works whose primary source of inspiration is folk music and urban folksong .
Alexander Livingstone , 1st Earl of Linlithgow ( died 1621 ) was a Scottish nobleman , courtier , and politician .
Isaac Preston Cory ( 1802 - -1842 ) was an antiquarian who compiled ancient fragments and published them in a compendium called Cory 's Ancient Fragments ( 1826 , revised 1832 ) .
René Zavaleta Mercado born in Oruro ( 1935 ) , died in Mexico City ( 1984 ) , was a Bolivian politician , sociologist and philosopher .
Granny Alina ( died 1969 ) was the foster grandmother of Gabriel Louis Duval , who claimed in his 2004 book A Princess in the Family that she might have been Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia .
Jacques Le Bossu ( Paris , 1546 -- Rome , 1626 ) was a French Benedictine theologian and Doctor of the Sorbonne .
John Loudon McAdam ( born John Lowdon McAdam , 23 September 1756 -- 26 November 1836 ) was a Scottish engineer and road - builder .
John Ross Woodring ( J. Ross Woodring ) ( 1882 - -1946 ) , a newspaperman , was born in Macy , Indiana , on December 23 , 1882 .
Giovanni Domenico Campiglia ( 1692 - -1768 ) was an Italian painter and engraver from Florence , active under the patronage of the House of Medici .
Ran Zhi ( Chinese : 冉智 ; died c. 354 ) was the crown prince of the short - lived Chinese state Ran Wei .
Caleb Wild Hammill ( 1863 - 1921 ) was one of the founders of the stockbrokerage and banking investment firm of Shearson , Hammill & Co. , founded in 1902 by Mr. Hammill & Edward Shearson .
Tom Caldwell ( 30 June 1921 -- November 2002 ) was a politician , art dealer and interior designer in Northern Ireland .
Dr Lo Wing - lok , JP ( Chinese : 勞永樂 ; 13 September 1954 -- 9 May 2015 ) was a Hong Kong doctor and politician .
Aristide Leonori ( 28 July 1856 -- 30 July 1928 ) was an Italian architect and engineer .
Theophilus Redwood ( 9 April 1806 -- 5 March 1892 ) was a Welsh pharmacist who was one of the founding members of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain .
Wang Kunlun ( 1902 - -1985 ) , birth name Wang Ruyu , was a Chinese politician who held high - profile positions , at different times , in both the Nationalist and Communist parties .
Juan Bravo Murillo ( 24 June 1803 -- 11 February 1873 ) was a Spanish politician , jurist and economist .
Frederick T. Melges ( 2 December 1935 -- 29 July 1988 ) was an American Psychiatrist and Professor of Psychiatry at Stanford University School of Medicine , notable for his interest in time and for his pioneering work on the role of distortions of time in various psychiatric disorders .
Stafford Somerfield ( 9 January 1911 - -14 January 1995 ) was a British newspaper editor .
Arnold Beitzel ( 27 May 1897 -- 6 November 1982 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
General Sir Thomas Monteath Douglas KCB ADC ( 1787 -- October 1868 ) was an officer of the Bengal Army of the East India Company .
Yves Ramette ( 6 February 1921 -- 2 June 2012 ) was a French post - romantic composer and organist .
Sir Thomas Harte Franks ( 1808 - -1862 ) , was a British Army general who fought in the Second Anglo - Sikh War .
Heinrich Wangnereck ( July 1595 - 11 November 1664 ) was a Catholic theologian , preacher , author .
Hon . Joseph Docker ( 1802 -- 9 December 1884 ) , was an Australian politician , member of the New South Wales Legislative Council .
Sir Charles Lucas ( 1613 -- 28 August 1648 ) was an English soldier , a Royalist commander in the English Civil War .
Sir Samuel Romilly ( 1 March 1757 -- 2 November 1818 ) , was a British legal reformer .
Peter John Anderson , LLB , MA , FSA , JP , ( 1853 -- 12 May 1926 ) was the Librarian of the University of Aberdeen since 1894 and a noted philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1921 .
Charles - François d'Iberville , marquis de La Bonde ( 1653 - 1723 ) was a French aristocrat and diplomat .
Ismail Ahmed Cachalia ( 1908 - 2003 ) , popularly known as Moulvi , was a South African political activist and a leader of Transvaal Indian Congress and the African National Congress .
Donald Malcolm ( 1930 -- 2013 ) was a Scottish author of science fiction and fact who was active as a writer from the mid-1950s until the mid-1970s .
Ross Baillie ( 26 September 1977 -- 18 June 1999 ) was a Scottish track and field athlete , older brother of Commonwealth Silver medal winner Chris Baillie .
Guillermo Deisler ( 15 June 1940 - -21 October 1995 ) was a stage designer , visual poet and mail artist .
William Farren ( 13 May 1786 -- 24 September 1861 ) , English actor , was born the son of an actor ( born 1725 ) of the same name , who played leading roles from 1784 to 1795 at Theatre Royal , Covent Garden .
Li Zitong ( died AD 622 ) was an agrarian leader who claimed the title of emperor in the aftermaths of the death of Emperor Yang of Sui at the hands of the general Yuwen Huaji in 618 .
Prince Dimitri Alexandrovich Obolensky ( 19 March ( old style ) 1882 -- 27 April 1964 ) was a Russian nobleman , landowner and marshal of the nobility who after the October Revolution and the Russian Civil War became a night watchman and a taxi driver in Paris .
József Madarász de Kisfalud ( 27 August 1814 -- 31 January 1915 ) was a Hungarian lawyer and politician , who served as Speaker of the House of Representatives between 1898 and 1899 .
Heinrich Gustav Mühlenbeck , name also given as Henri Gustave Muehlenbeck ( 2 June 1798 , Sainte - Marie - aux - Mines -- 21 November 1845 , Mulhouse ) was an Alsatian physician and botanical collector known for his work with bryophytes .
George Alfred Barnard ( 23 September 1915 -- 9 August 2002 ) was a British statistician known particularly for his work on the foundations of statistics and on quality control .
Mary Latter ( 1725 -- 28 March 1777 ) was an English poet , essayist and playwright of the 18th century .
Dong Biwu ( 5 March 1886 -- 2 April 1975 ) was a Chinese communist political leader during the regime of Mao Zedong .
Peter Zirschky died by accident around 2004 .
Arild Haga ( 8 April 1913 -- 22 February 1985 ) was a Norwegian revue writer .
Johann Georg Zobel von Giebelstadt ( 1543 - -1580 ) was the Prince - Bishop of Bamberg from 1577 to 1580 .
Lieutenant - Colonel Lord Edward Cavendish ( 28 January 1838 -- 18 May 1891 ) was a 19th - century British politician .
Sir Henry Howarth Bashford FRCP ( 13 January 1880 -- 15 August 1961 ) was a distinguished English physician , becoming Honorary Physician to King George VI .
Pierre - Émile Gounelle ( Paris , 9 June 1850 -- 2 October 1914 , Paris ) was a French entomologist and naturalist .
George Joseph Smith ( 11 January 1872 -- 13 August 1915 ) was an English serial killer and bigamist .
Kimweri Mputa Magogo ( 1914 - 20 September 2000 ) was a traditional leader of the Shambaa people of the Usambara Mountains in Tanzania .
Gustav Weindorfer ( 23 February 1874 -- 5 May 1932 ) was an Austrian - born Australian amateur botanist , lodge - keeper and promoter of the Cradle Mountains National Park .
Sebastianus ( died 413 ) , a brother of Jovinus , was an aristocrat of southern Gaul .
Ts'ao Yung - ho ( Chinese : 曹永和 ; pinyin : Cáo Yǒnghé ; Wade -- Giles : Ts'ao2 Yung3-ho2 ; 1920 -- 12 September 2014 ) was a Taiwanese historian known for his work on the early history of Taiwan .
Lloyd Reckord ( 26 May 1929 -- 8 July 2015 ) was a Jamaican actor , film maker , and stage director who lived in England for some years .
The shooting of Denzel Dowell , an African - American resident of North Richmond , California , occurred on April 1 , 1967 .
Gerard van Honthorst ( Gerrit van Honthorst ) ( 4 November 1592 -- 27 April 1656 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Muhammad Afzaal Ahmad Hussain Gilani ( Urdu : سیّد محمد افضال احمد حسين گیلانی ) ( also known as Sakhiy - e - Kamil , Mahboob - e - Khaas ) ( 1926 - -1998 CE ) was a Pakistani Sufi mystic .
Nicholas Upton ( 1400?--1457 ) , was an English cleric , precentor of Salisbury , and writer on heraldry and the art of war .
Sir John Furley , CH ( 19 March 1836 in Ashford , Kent -- 27 September 1919 in Oxford ) was an English humanitarian who worked to improve medical care both in wartime and at home .
Sir Thomas Robinson , 1st Baronet ( 1703 - -1777 ) was an English politician , architect and collector .
Dragutin Brahm ( 26 August 1909 , Zagreb -- 27 June 1938 , Starigrad ) was a Croatian mountain climber .
Marcel Lehoux ( 3 April 1888 -- 19 July 1936 ) was a French racing driver and businessman .
Ross Hill ( died 29 September 2007 ) was an English BMX cyclist who won British and European titles .
Joshua Allen , 2nd Viscount Allen LLD ( 17 September 1685 -- 5 December 1742 ) was an Irish peer and politician .
Edward J. Kuntze ( b. in Pomerania , Prussia , in 1826 ; d. in New York City , 10 April 1870 ) was a sculptor .
On March 19 , 1988 , John Otis Brew died from congestive heart failure in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Adolphe Emile Marval ( ca.1845 -- 11 July 1935 ) was a French - born educator and art dealer in Adelaide , South Australia .
Al - Mansur al - Hasan ( 1199 - -1271 ) was an imam of the Zaidi state of Yemen who ruled in 1262 - 1271 .
Dominique Roquebert ( Bayonne 1744-Battle of Tamatave 1811 ) was a French navy officer .
William Ross , 14th Lord Ross of Halkhead ( c.1720 - 19 August 1754 ) , was a Scottish nobleman .
Lu Su ( 172 - -217 ) , courtesy name Zijing , was a politician , diplomat and military general serving under the warlord Sun Quan in the late Eastern Han dynasty .
Battista Guarino ( Latin : Baptista Guarinus ; 1434 - -1513 ) was the youngest son of Guarino da Verona .
Friedrich Diedrich ( 5 October 1935 -- 7 October 2015 ) was a German Roman Catholic theologian and Old Testament scholar .
Gabriel Fragnière ( 4 March 1934 -- 9 September 2015 ) was a Swiss university professor , philosopher and scientific researcher .
Charles Arthur Curran ( 1913 - -1978 ) was a Jesuit priest and psychologist who is best known as the creator of Community Language Learning ( CLL ) , a method in education and specifically in Second Language Teaching .
Dhanraj Bhagat ( 1917 - 1988 ) was an Indian sculptor , considered by many as one of the major sculptors of the Indian subcontinent .
Frank Oates ( 1840 - -1875 ) was a British naturalist , explorer and uncle to Antarctic explorer Lawrence Oates .
Nakagawa Kenzō ( Japanese : 中川健藏 ) ( July 16 , 1875 -- June 26 , 1944 ) was a Japanese bureaucrat and political figure .
Saint Ælfgifu of Shaftesbury , also known as Saint Elgiva ( died 944 ) was the first wife of Edmund I ( r. 939 - -946 ) , by whom she bore two future kings , Eadwig ( r. 955 - -959 ) and Edgar ( r. 959 - -975 ) .
Zoran Prljinčević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Прљинчевић ; 27 January 1932 -- 13 June 2013 ) was a former Serbian footballer and football coach .
Alan Maxwell Boisragon ( 1860 - 1922 ) was a British army officer , and author , and was Captain Superintendent of the Shanghai Municipal Police from 1901 - 1906 .
Michael Christiansen ( 1926 or 1927 -- 15 June 1984 ) was a British newspaper editor .
Pasquale del Pezzo , Duke of Caianello and Marquis of Campodisola ( 2 May 1859 -- 20 June 1936 ) , was a Neapolitan mathematician .
William Logsdail ( 25 May 1859 -- 3 September 1944 ) was a prolific English landscape , portrait , and genre painter .
John Gerard Anderson ( 1836 - -1911 ) , M.A. , J.P. , was a Scottish - born educationalist and public servant in colonial Queensland .
James Lysaght Finegan or Finigan ( died 8 September 1900 ) was an Irish barrister , soldier , merchant and politician .
Roberto Curcio ( 3 August 1912 -- 1993 ) was an Italian modern pentathlete .
Hal Braham ( 1911 - 1994 ) was an American writer primarily known for his work in crime fiction and western fiction .
Diepold III , Margrave of Vohburg ( c. 1079 -- 1146 ) , also known as Diepold von Vohburg and Diepold III von Giengen , was a Bavarian noble in the 12th century .
Melito of Sardis ( Greek : Μελίτων Σάρδεων Melíton Sárdeon ) ( died c. 180 ) was the bishop of Sardis near Smyrna in western Anatolia , and a great authority in early Christianity .
Hedwig von Restorff ( December 14 , 1906 , Berlin -- 1962 ) is best known for her discovery of the von Restorff effect or isolation effect .
Günther Strupp ( March 6 , 1912 -- 1996 ) was a German artist , illustrator , and art director .
Rakesh Deewana ( c. 1969 -- 27 April 2014 ) was an Indian character actor from Hathras , Uttar Pradesh .
Dafydd Llywelyn ( 10 January 1939 in South Wales -- 25 March 2013 in München ) was a Welsh composer , pianist , conductor and teacher .
Robert Millhouse ( 1788 - -1839 ) was an English Spenserian poet , born in Nottingham , England .
Gabrielle Duchêne ( 26 February 1870 -- 3 August 1954 ) was a French feminist and pacifist who was active in the French section of the Women 's International League for Peace and Freedom ( WILPF ) .
Andrianampoinimerina ( Malagasy pronunciation : ( anˈɖʐianˌmpuʲnˈmerʲnə̥ ) ) ( 1745 - -1810 ) ruled the Kingdom of Imerina from 1787 until his death .
Roulland Le Roux ( fl . 1508 - 1527 ) was a French gothic architect responsible for the Flamboyant west facade and the Tour De Beurre of Rouen Cathedral , and the Bureau Des Finances in Rouen .
Perry Bullard ( full name , Winston Perry Bullard ) , ( 1942 - -1998 ) , was a Democratic politician and lawyer in Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Ida Bagus Made Poleng ( 1915 - -1999 ) was a traditional Balinese painter .
Ali Fethi Okyar ( 29 April 1880 -- 7 May 1943 ) was a Turkish diplomat and politician who also served as a military officer and diplomat during the last decade of the Ottoman Empire .
Benjamin Carrington FRSE FLS MRCS ( 1827 -- 1893 ) was a leading British botanist and taxonomist in the late 19th century .
John Goodyer ( 1592 - -1664 ) was a 17th - century botanist who lived in Hampshire , England .
Gheorghe Adamescu ( July 23 , 1869 - -March 4 , 1942 ) was a Romanian literary historian and bibliographer .
Franz Hoppenstätt ( died 1657 or 1658 ) was a German - Estonian wood carver .
Nero Hawley ( 1742 - -1817 ) , born into slavery in North Stratford , now Trumbull , Connecticut , enlisted in place of his owner , Daniel Hawley , in the Continental Army on April 20 , 1777 during the American Revolution and earned his freedom .
Hugo Griebert ( 1867 - 1924 ) was a stamp dealer and philatelist who was a specialist in the stamps of Spain and who was entered on the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1921 .
Qiao Rui ( died 197 ) was an official serving under the warlord Yuan Shu during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history .
Cathal Carragh Ua Conchobair was King of Connacht from 1189 to 1202 .
Elizabeth Malleson ( née Whitehead ; 1828 - 1916 ) was an English educationalist , suffragist and activist for women 's education and rural nursing .
Bernie Elsey Snr ( 1906 -- 25 August 1986 ) was a property developer and entrepreneur , associated with early developments on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia .
Vera von Schalburg ( 23 November 1907 - 1993 ) was a Soviet , German and British agent and sister of Christian Frederik von Schalburg .
Ambrose Serle ( 1742 - -1812 ) was an English official , diarist and writer of Christian prose and hymns .
Herbert William Garratt ( 8 June 1864 -- 25 September 1913 ) was an English mechanical engineer and the inventor of the Garratt system of articulated locomotives .
George Samuel Fereday Smith ( 7 May 1812 -- 26 May 1891 ) was an English industrialist and canal manager who from 1837 to 1887 was the Deputy Superintendent of the Bridgewater Trustees and their successors , whose major source of income came from the Bridgewater Canal .
Benjamin Frater ( 1979 - -2007 ) , also known as `` The Catholic Yak '' , was an Australian poet .
Thaddeus Lynch ( 1901 -- 25 October 1966 ) was an Irish Fine Gael politician and auctioneer .
William Lindsay , 18th Earl of Crawford and 2nd Earl of Lindsay ( died 1698 ) was a Scottish noble and politician .
Virgil Jordan ( 1892 - -1965 ) was an economist and author .
Dr. Richard Orton ( 1940 - -2013 ) was a composer , performer and music educator .
Diane Cilento ( 5 October 1933 -- 6 October 2011 ) was an Australian theatre and film actress and author .
Barbara Aleksi - Meskhishvili ( 1 February 1898 , Tbilisi -- 25 December 1972 , ibid ) was a Georgian stage actress .
Ajay Kumar Singh was an Indian Police Service officer who was killed on 4 October 2000 by suspected Maoists .
Hugh Bellot ( 1542 - -1596 ) was bishop of Bangor and then bishop of Chester .
Heinz Ebert ( Saxony , Germany , October 13 , 1907 , -- 1983 , Rio Claro , São Paulo ) was a German - Brazilian geologist , naturalist , and educator .
Yoo Byung - eun ( Hangul : 유병언 ; hanja : 兪炳彦 ; RR : Yu Byeong - eon ; 11 February 1941 -- 2014 ) was a South Korean religious leader , businessman , and inventor , who as a photographer was known under the art name Ahae .
Jindřich Polák ( 5 May 1925 -- 22 August 2003 ) was a Czech film and television director .
Eliseo Reyes Rodríguez ( 1940 - -1967 ) was a Cuban guerrillero .
Joseph Nutting ( 1660 - -1722 ) was an English engraver , working in London .
George Earle Buckle ( 10 June 1854 -- 13 March 1935 ) was an English editor and biographer .
Arthur Lovekin ( 12 November 1859 -- 10 December 1931 ) was a West Australian journalist , newspaper editor and owner , and politician .
Sebastian D'Souza ( 1906 - -1996 ) was a successful Goan music arranger in the Bollywood music industry , considered to be the master of fusing Indian classical music with European classical music concepts of harmony , cadence and obbligato .
Corneliu Moldovanu ( pen name of Corneliu Vasiliu ; 15 August 1883 -- 2 September 1952 ) was a Romanian poet , prose writer and playwright .
Oruç Reis ( Turkish : Oruç Reis ; Arabic : عروج بربروس‎ ; Spanish : Arrudye ; c. 1474 - -1518 ) was an Ottoman bey ( governor ) of Algiers and beylerbey ( chief governor ) of the West Mediterranean , and the elder brother of Hayreddin Barbarossa .
Horia Creangă ( 20 July 1892 -- 1 August 1943 ) was a Romanian architect important in the modernist movement .
Saint Pambo ( also known as Pemwah and Bemwah ) ( d. ca . 375 ) is an Egyptian Desert Father of the fourth century .
Saint Credan of Evesham ( died 19 August 780 ) is a saint in the calendar of the Roman Catholic Church and of the Orthodox Church .
Rowland Berkeley ( about 1548 - 11 June 1611 ) of Worcester and Spetchley was an English clothier and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1593 and 1611 .
Assadollah Mobashery ( 1909 - -1990 ) was Persian judge , politician , journalist , poet and translator of Goethe , Corbin and Jaspers from French into Persian .
Hemalatha Lavanam ( 26 February 1932 --19 March 2008 ) was an Indian social reformer , writer , and atheist who protested against untouchability and the caste system .
Henry Pratt Fairchild ( 1880 - -1956 ) was a distinguished American sociologist .
Neeta Sen ( 1935 -- 1 April 2006 ) was an Indian classical singer and music composer .
Matteo di Giovanni ( c. 1430 -- 1495 ) was an Italian Renaissance artist from the Sienese School .
Margaret Elizabeth Sangster ( February 22 , 1838 -- 1912 ) was an American poet , author , and editor .
Charles Vereker , 2nd Viscount Gort PC ( Ire ) ( 1768 -- 11 November 1842 ) , known as Charles Vereker until 1817 , was a British soldier and politician .
John Butler , 2nd Marquess of Ormonde , KP ( 24 August 1808 -- 25 September 1854 ) was an Irish politician and peer .
Edward Lowth Badeley ( 1803/1804 -- 29 March 1868 ) was an English ecclesiastical lawyer , a member of the Oxford Movement , who was involved in some of the most notorious cases of the 19th century
Wim Steijn ( 28 January 1914 , Assendelft -- 23 August 1980 , Bentveld ) , was a Dutch painter .
Jules Meese ( 3 September 1896 -- 1 December 1968 ) was a French lightweight weightlifter .
Gift Tandare ( died 2007 ) was a member of the Zimbabwe political party Movement for Democratic Change .
Juan de Bermúdez ( /bɜrˈmjuːdɛz/ ; Spanish pronunciation : ( berˈmuðeθ ) ; d. 1570 ) was a Spanish navigator of the 16th century .
Henryk Sławik ( 16 July 1894 -- 23 August 1944 ) was a Polish politician in the interwar period , social worker , activist , and diplomat , who during World War II helped save over 30,000 Polish refugees , including 5,000 Polish Jews in Budapest , Hungary by giving them false Polish passports with Catholic designation .
Karl Samuel Leberecht Hermann ( 20 January 1765 -- 1 September 1846 ) was a German chemist who independently discovered cadmium in 1817 .
Kristian Gerhard Jebsen ( 27 May 1927 -- 19 February 2004 ) was a Norwegian ship - owner .
Constantine Phipps , 1st Baron Mulgrave ( 22 August 1722 ( baptised ) -- 13 September 1775 ) was an Irish peer .
Bertram Luard - Selby ( 12 February 1853 -- 26 December 1918 ) was an English composer and cathedral organist .
Olimpia Aldobrandini ( 20 April 1623 -- 18 December 1681 ) was a member of the Aldobrandini family of Rome , and the sole heiress to the family fortune .
Joseph Wilcocks ( 19 December 1673 -- 28 February 1756 ) was an English churchman , bishop of Gloucester , and bishop of Rochester and dean of Westminster .
Ayin Hillel ( Hebrew : ע . הלל‎ ) was the pen name of Hillel Omer ( 4 August 1926 - 30 June 1990 , Hebrew : הלל עומר‎ ) , an Israeli poet and children 's author .
Gerbrand van den Eeckhout ( 19 August 1621 -- 29 September 1674 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter and a favourite student of Rembrandt .
Sarah Bradlee Fulton ( December 14 , 1740 , Dorchester - 1835 , Medford ) was an active participant of the Revolutionary War on the American side .
Joe Tasker ( 12 May 1948 -- 17 May 1982 ) was one of the most talented British climbers during the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Though some of his followers believed he was immortal , Haidakhan Babaji died on 14 February 1984 , of what appeared to be a heart failure .
Slavko Pavletić ( 1917 -- 1945 ) was a Croatian football midfielder who tenured within Croatia during his spanned career .
James Myles Hogge ( 19 April 1873 - 27 October 1928 ) was a British social researcher and Liberal politician .
Roy Cazaly ( 13 January 1893 -- 10 October 1963 ) was an Australian rules football player famous for his high marks and ruck work , which gave rise to the phrase `` Up There Cazaly '' .
Otakar Hromádko ( 30 August 1909 in Kněž , district Čáslav , Czechoslovakia -- 14 April 1983 in Yverdon - les - Bains , Switzerland ) was a Czechoslovak journalist and army officer .
Makina Kameya ( died February 1988 ) was an Angola - born Zimbabwean sculptor .
Ma Xianda ( 1932 -- 17 June 2013 ) was a Chinese martial artist .
Sokollu Mehmed Pasha ( Ottoman Turkish : سوکلو محمد پاشا‎ ; Serbo - Croatian : Mehmed - paša Sokolović , Cyrillic : Мехмед-паша Соколовић , pronounced ( měxmet pâʃa sokǒːloʋit͡ɕ ) ; 1506 -- 11 October 1579 ) was an Ottoman statesman .
George Bowdler Buckton ( 24 May 1818 , London - 25 September 1905 , Haslemere , Surrey ) was an English entomologist who specialised in aphids .
Wilhelm Heinrich Waagen ( 23 June 1841 -- 24 March 1900 ) was a geologist and paleontologist .
Charles H. Ruth ( 1889 - -1949 ) was considered the founding father of the Army Map Service .
Brigadier General John Patrick McGlinn CMG , CBE ( 11 April 1869 -- 7 July 1946 ) was a senior officer of the Australian Army who served in World War I.
August Albo ( 11 September 1893 Suurupi , Harju County -- 13 December 1963 New York City , USA ) was an Estonian artist who studied at the Russian Royal Academy of Art but lived most of his life in New York City .
Charmian Clift ( 30 August 1923 -- 8 July 1969 ) was an Australian writer and essayist during the mid 20th century .
Berta Bojetu , also Berta Bojetu Boeta , ( 7 February 1946 -- 16 March 1997 ) was a Slovene writer , poet and actress .
Earth No More is an upcoming first - person shooter video game produced by Radar Group ( formerly by 3D Realms ) .
Virtual Pool 3 , often referred to as VP3 , is a 3D , first - person sports simulation video game , developed and released for the PC and PlayStation by Celeris .
Wizball is a computer game written by Jon Hare and Chris Yates ( who together formed the company Sensible Software ) and released in 1987 originally for the Commodore 64 and later in the year for the ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC .
Laser Squad Nemesis ( LSN ) is a 2002 multiplayer turn - based tactics video game developed by Codo Technologies for the PC .
Opera Mini requests web pages through Opera Software 's servers , which process and compress them before sending them to the mobile phone , speeding up transfer by two to three times and dramatically reducing the amount of data transferred , chargeable on many mobile phone data plans .
Hot Wheels Velocity X ( also known as Hot Wheels Velocity X : Maximum Justice in the PlayStation 2 version ) is a racing video game released in 2002 by Beyond Games .
The Darkness II is a first - person shooter video game with light role - playing elements developed by Digital Extremes and published by 2 K Games .
DocBook began in 1991 in discussion groups on Usenet and eventually became a joint project of HAL Computer Systems and O'Reilly & Associates and eventually spawned its own maintenance organization ( the Davenport Group ) before moving in 1998 to the SGML Open consortium , which subsequently became OASIS .
Bomberman Blitz is a DSiWare game developed by Hudson Soft .
Kirby 's Dream Course ( Kirby Bowl ( カービィボウル Kābī Bouru ) in Japan ) is a 1994 golf video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game console .
Escape from Rungistan is an interactive fiction computer game written by Bob Blauschild for the Apple II and released by Sirius Software in 1982 .
Puyo Puyo ! ! 20th Anniversary ( ぷよぷよ ! ! Puyopuyo 20th anniversary ) is a Puyo Puyo game created by Sega and Sonic Team , released for the Nintendo DS on July 14 , 2011 and for the Wii , Nintendo 3DS , and PlayStation Portable on December 15 , 2011 .
Alley Master is a Tenpin bowling arcade game released by Cinematronics in 1986 .
Mad Dog McCree is the first live - action laserdisc video game released by American Laser Games .
HAMMER is a high - availability 64-bit file system developed by Matthew Dillon for DragonFly BSD using B+trees .
Big Money ! is a computer puzzle game created by PopCap Games .
Armageddon Riders is a vehicular combat video game produced by Targem Games .
Tori - Emaki ( Japanese for `` bird picture scroll '' ) is an interactive emakimono developed by SCE London Studio in association with Playlogic Entertainment for the PlayStation 3 platform , which utilizes the PlayStation Eye camera peripheral .
Al Emmo and the Lost Dutchman 's Mine is an adventure game created by Himalaya Studios for the PC .
NTFS ( New Technology File System ) is a proprietary file system developed by Microsoft .
Transarctica ( or Arctic Baron ) is a 1993 computer game made by the French company Silmarils for the Amiga and ported to the PC , Atari ST , Macintosh and Atari Falcon .
Heavyweight Champ is a series of boxing video games released by Sega .
Portal 2 is a 2011 first - person puzzle - platform video game developed and published by Valve Corporation .
Blue Toad Murder Files ( full title , Blue Toad Murder Files : The Mysteries of Little Riddle ) is a murder mystery puzzle video game developed and published by the British video game developer Relentless Software .
Adobe Acrobat is a family of application software and Web services developed by Adobe Systems to view , create , manipulate , print and manage files in Portable Document Format ( PDF ) .
Parakey is a Web - based computer user interface proposed by Firefox contributors Blake Ross and Joe Hewitt .
Assassin 's Creed III is a 2012 action - adventure video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft for PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Wii U , and Microsoft Windows .
Sherlock Holmes Versus Jack the Ripper is an adventure game for Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360 , developed by Frogwares .
' Splosion Man is a 2.5D action platform video game developed by Twisted Pixel Games for the Xbox 360 's Xbox Live Arcade digital download service .
Dungeon Keeper is a strategy video game developed by Bullfrog Productions and released by Electronic Arts in July 1997 for the PC .
The Legend of Mir 3 was a sprite based isometric 3-D massively multiplayer online role - playing game , developed by WeMade Entertainment .
Near Orbit Vanguard Alliance 3 ( also called N.O.V.A. 3 ) is Gameloft 's third installment of the N.O.V.A. series for iOS , BlackBerry 10 and Android devices , with planned releases for the BlackBerry PlayBook and Windows Phone 8 devices .
China Warrior , known in Japan as The Kung Fu ( THE 功夫 ( ザ・クンフー ) ) , is a horizontal beat'em up video game created in 1987 by Hudson Soft for the TurboGrafx-16 .
Munch Man is a video game written by Jim Dramis for the Texas Instruments TI-99/4A home computer and published as a cartridge by Texas Instruments in 1982 .
Communist Mutants from Space is a fixed shooter video game created in 1982 by Starpath ( formerly known as Arcadia ) for the Atari 2600 home video game console and the Starpath Supercharger cassette accessory .
DJMax Technika 2 ( Korean : 디제이맥스 테크니카 2 ) is a music arcade game published and developed by Pentavision in South Korea , and is a sequel to the earlier DJMax Technika arcade game .
BESYS ( Bell Operating System ) was an early computing environment originally implemented as a batch processing operating system in 1957 at Bell Labs for the IBM 704 computer .
Kinectimals was developed by Frontier Developments and was a launch title for Kinect .
Aces of the Galaxy is a downloadable rail shooter , developed by Artech Digital Entertainment and published by Sierra Entertainment for the Xbox Live Arcade .
Alpine Racer 2 is a 3D Alpine skiing arcade game released by Namco in 1996 .
Original authors of Gallium3D were Keith Whitwell and Brian Paul at Tungsten Graphics ( acquired by VMware ) .
Mendel Palace , originally released in Japan as Quinty ( Japanese : クインティ Hepburn : Kuinti ) , is a 1990 action / puzzle arcade game developed by Game Freak .
Namco Driver 's Eyes is a 3D first - person Formula One simulator racing video game released on the Namco System 21 arcade hardware in 1990 .
Primeval Hunt is a shooting arcade game which is developed and published by Sega and runs on their Sega Lindbergh hardware .
Driift Mania ( formerly titled Driift ) is a WiiWare racing game by Konami .
Dance Maniax is a game from the Bemani series of rhythm games , published by Konami , with songs mostly from the Dancemania series of music , and shares many songs with Dance Dance Revolution .
Fighter & Attacker , originally titled F / A ( エフ/エイ Efu / Ei ) in Japan , is a vertical scrolling shooter arcade game , which was released by Namco in 1992 .
Robot Rascals is a scavenger hunt video game by Ozark Softscape and published by Electronic Arts .
Trine 2 is a side - scrolling action platform and puzzle video game developed by Frozenbyte .
Project Gotham Racing ( PGR ) is a racing game , the first in its series , developed by Bizarre Creations and published by Microsoft for the Xbox gaming console .
Blitz Brigade is a multiplayer first - person shooter video game developed and published by Gameloft released on 9 May 2013 for iOS , Android and Windows .
Power Golf is a golf video game released by Hudson Soft for the TurboGrafx-16 in 1989 .
San Francisco Rush 2049 is a 1999 racing video game developed by Atari Games and published by Midway Games for the Arcade , Nintendo 64 , Game Boy Color , and Sega Dreamcast .
Dark Void is a video game developed by Airtight Games using the Unreal Engine 3 and published by Capcom for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows .
Code of the Samurai , known in Japan as Shinsengumi Gunraw Den ( 新選組群狼伝 Shinsengumi Gunrou Den ) , is a hack and slash game for the PlayStation 2 by Red Entertainment .
Gregory Schopen is Professor of Buddhist Studies at University of California , Los Angeles .
Paul E. Johnson ( born August 15 , 1942 in Los Angeles ) is an American historian and professor emeritus at University of South Carolina .
Mark N. Katz ( born November 11 , 1954 ) is a professor of government and politics at George Mason University in Fairfax , Virginia , United States .
Denis Pelli is a Professor of Psychology and Neural Science at New York University studying object recognition and reading .
Tariq Modood , MBE , FAcSS ( born 1952 ) is a British Pakistani Professor of Sociology , Politics and Public Policy at the University of Bristol ( 1997 - - ) .
Lawrence L. Larmore , PhD , is an American mathematician and theoretical computer scientist , currently tenuring as the professor of computer science at the University of Nevada , Las Vegas ( UNLV ) .
Rolando Hinojosa ( born 1929 ) is a novelist , essayist , poet and the Ellen Clayton Garwood professor in the English Department at the University of Texas at Austin .
Sandra Jovchelovitch , from Porto Alegre , Brazil , is a social psychologist , currently Professor of Social Psychology and Director of the MSc program in Social and Cultural Psychology at the Institute of Social Psychology at the London School of Economics ( LSE ) , of which she serves as head since August 2007 .
Ralph Hyde ( 25 March 1939 -- 5 June 2015 ) was a curator of graphic arts at the Guildhall Library in London , a pre - eminent historian and writer on the subject of Panoramic painting .
Dr. Alexander Smits ( born December 25 , 1948 ) is the Eugene Higgins Professor of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering at Princeton University .
Javier Soltero is a Puerto Rican entrepreneur and current Corporate Vice President of Outlook at Microsoft .
Patrick Vaughan ( born 1965 ) is an American historian and scholar teaching at the MA program in Transatlantic Studies , Jagiellonian University in Kraków , Poland .
Lieutenant General Tadesse Werede Tesfay is Head of Mission and Force Commander of the United Nations Interim Security Force for Abyei ( UNISFA ) .
Lawrence Ponoroff is the Samuel M. Fegtly Chair in Commercial Law and former dean of the James E. Rogers College of Law at the University of Arizona .
Ivar Grande ( 28 April 1911 -- 11 December 1944 ) was a police officer and Gestapo agent in Trondheim , Norway during World War II . He was second - in - command of the group Sonderabteilung Lola , led by Henry Rinnan .
Dr. Thomas McGlashan ( born 1942 ) is an American professor of psychiatry at Yale University , well known for his academic contributions to the study of schizophrenia and other mental illnesses .
Tilman Nagel ( born 19 April 1942 , in Cottbus ) is a German Orientalist and Professor Emeritus at the University of Göttingen .
Hagen Schulze ( 31 July 1943 -- 4 September 2014 ) was a German historian who held a position at the Free University of Berlin .
Aled Edwards ( born June 1 , 1962 ) is the director and CEO of the Structural Genomics Consortium and holds the Banbury Chair of Medical Research at the University of Toronto , Canada and is Visiting Professor of Chemical Biology at the University of Oxford , U.K.
Walter Rudin ( May 2 , 1921 -- May 20 , 2010 ) was an Austrian - American mathematician and professor of Mathematics at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
Humphrey Hawksley is a journalist who has been a foreign correspondent for the BBC since the early 1980s .
Charles Engel ( born 1956 ) is an American economist and currently the Hester professor in the economics department at the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
Andrew H. Hedges ( born 1966 ) is a co - editor of the Joseph Smith Papers , and from 1995 until 2009 was an associate professor of Church History and Doctrine at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) .
Michael J. Belton ( born 1934 ) is President of Belton Space Exploration Initiatives and Emeritus Astronomer at the Kitt Peak National Observatory in Arizona .
( Helen ) Fay Dowker ( /ˈdaʊkər/ ; born 1965 in Manchester , Lancashire ) is a British Professor of Theoretical Physics at Imperial College London .
Ken Howery is a co - founder and partner at Founders Fund , a San Francisco - based venture capital firm with over $ 2 billion under management .
Dina Appeldoorn attended the Royal Conservatory of The Hague , where she studied composition under F.E.A. Koeberg and later with Johan Wagenaar .
Joe Logan ( born January 28 , 1974 ) is the head coach of the Loyola University Maryland women 's basketball team , an NCAA Division I program that competes in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference ( MAAC ) .
James Landale ( born 1969 ) is a BBC journalist who is the current Deputy Political Editor of BBC News .
Jonathan Glickman ( born May 18 , 1969 ) is an American film producer and the President of Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer Pictures Film Division .
Maria Limanskaya ( also mistakenly referred to as Anna Pavlova ) was a female soldier of the Red Army for three years during World War II . She became known as the Russian woman who directed traffic at the Brandenburg Gate in 1945 after the Battle of Berlin .
Alan Keith - Lucas ( 1910 - -1995 ) , known during the early part of his life as Alan Lucas , was a social worker and professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill who worked primarily in the field of residential childcare .
Vik Singh previously worked at Google and Microsoft , both in research and products , helping ship Google Custom Search and Microsoft Windows XPSP2 Wireless Networking .
Ernst Joachim Wolfgang Stroebe ( born 5 May 1941 ) is a German social psychologist and Emeritus Professor of Social Psychology at the Utrecht University and the University of Groningen , particularly known for his works `` Introduction to social psychology '' and `` Social psychology and health , '' and on brainstorming .
Ingrid D. Rowland ( b. August 19 , 1953 ) is a professor at the University of Notre Dame School of Architecture .
Robin Truth Goodman is a Professor of Literature at Florida State University .
Joseph Sweetman Ames ( July 3 , 1864 -- June 24 , 1943 ) was a physicist , professor at Johns Hopkins University , provost of the university from 1926 until 1929 , and university president from 1929 until 1935 .
Bridget Kendall MBE ( born 27 April 1956 ) is an English journalist who is the BBC 's Diplomatic correspondent working for the corporation 's radio and television networks .
Hoda Elsadda is Chair in the Study of the Contemporary Arab World at the University of Manchester .
Liz Balmaseda ( born January 17 , 1959 ) is a Pulitzer Prize - winning journalist , who writes for The Palm Beach Post .
Alejandro Strachan is a Professor of Materials Engineering at Purdue University and the Deputy Director of NNSA 's Center for the Prediction of Reliability , Integrity and Survivability of Microsystems .
Olimpia Salas Martínez ( b. 1958 ) is a professor and researcher at the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education , State of Mexico .
François Noudelmann is currently a professor at the European Graduate School in Saas - Fee ( Switzerland ) , the University of Paris VIII ( Université de Vincennes à Saint - Denis ) , Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore , and New York University .
Herbert Mohring ( 1928 -- June 4 , 2012 ) was a transportation economist who taught at the University of Minnesota from 1961 - -1994 .
Major Barclay Harding Warburton I ( April 1 , 1866 -- December 5 , 1954 ) was the publisher of the Philadelphia Evening Telegraph .
Mahmoud Hessabi ( Persian : سید محمود حسابی‎‎ , February 23 , 1903 , Tehran -- September 3 , 1992 , Geneva ) was an Iranian scientist , researcher and professor of University of Tehran .
Philippe Desan is Howard L. Willett Professor of French and History of Culture at the University of Chicago .
Susan Fromberg Schaeffer ( March 25 , 1940 -- August 26 , 2011 ) was a noted novelist and poet who was a Professor of English at Brooklyn College for over thirty years .
Frank Ruskey is a combinatorialist and computer scientist , and professor at the University of Victoria .
William F. Edwards ( April 26 , 1906 - 13 August 1989 ) was a prominent businessman and educator who held the Driggs Chair of Finance at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) among many other notable positions .
Kirsty Lang ( born 1962 ) is a British journalist and broadcaster who works for BBC Radio and Television .
In 2015 Paula Vogel 's literary archive was obtained by the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale University , and she became the first female playwright included in the library 's Yale Collection of American Literature .
Rinaldo Walcott is a Black Canadian academic and writer , employed as an associate professor at OISE / University of Toronto in the Department of Sociology and Equity Studies in Education .
David A. Weitz ( born October 3 , 1951 ) is a Canadian / American physicist and Mallinckrodt Professor of Physics & Applied Physics and professor of Systems Biology at Harvard University .
Yuen - Ron Shen ( 沈元壤 ) is a professor emeritus of physics at the University of California , Berkeley , known for his work on non - linear optics .
Kent W. Colton ( born November 21 , 1943 ) is a Senior Scholar at the Joint Center for Housing Studies , Harvard University .
Rochel Gelman ( born January 23 , 1942 ) is a psychology professor at Rutgers University , New Brunswick , NJ , and Co - Director of the Center for Cognitive Science .
Harry Bolton Seed ( August 19 , 1922 -- April 23 , 1989 ) was an educator , scholar , former Professor at the University of California , Berkeley .
Arthur Scott Walters is an American neurologist , a professor of neurology at the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville , Tennessee , USA .
Perry A. Frey ( born 1935 ) is professor emeritus of biochemistry at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
William Lyman Underwood ( 1864 -- January 24 , 1929 ) was an American photographer who was also involved in the research of time - temperature canning research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) during 1895 - 96 .
William Horbury ( b. 1942 ) is Professor of Jewish and Early Christian Studies and a Fellow of Corpus Christi College at Cambridge University .
Tom W. Mayer is a writer and retired professor of the English Department at the University of New Mexico , Albuquerque , where he held the position of Professional Writer during his tenure there in the 1980s and 1990s .
Kweku Adoboli ( born 21 May 1980 ) is a Ghanaian ex - trader known for his role in the 2011 UBS rogue trader scandal .
Nabi Saleh is an Iranian Australian businessman and commodities trader , known for his role in purchasing Gloria Jean 's Coffees and taking it world wide .
Katherine Weare ( born 1950 ) is a Professor of Education at the University of Southampton , England .
Bernd Sturmfels ( born March 28 , 1962 in Kassel , West Germany ) is Professor of Mathematics and Computer Science at the University of California , Berkeley .
Menna Richards OBE was the Controller of BBC Cymru Wales from February 2000 to February 2011 .
Lieutenant General Purna Chandra Thapa is an officer in the Nepalese Army and served as the Head of Mission and Force Commander of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force from 19 January 2015 until 7 February 2016 .
Gerrit Glas ( born 31 August 1954 , Bennekom ) studied Medicine at the University of Amsterdam and Philosophy at the Vrije Universiteit .
Dorothee Kern , ( born 1966 ) is a professor of Biochemistry at Brandeis University and former player for the East German national basketball team .
Carl Van Ness is the Curator of Manuscripts & Archives Department in the University of Florida Libraries ' Special & Area Studies Collections , and was appointed the University Historian for the University of Florida in 2006 .
Carol Myers - Scotton ( born 1934 ) was a Distinguished Professor Emerita in the Linguistics Program and Department of English at the University of South Carolina until 2003 and is now an adjunct professor in the Department of Linguistics and Languages at Michigan State University , and also a visiting scholar at the MSU African Studies Center .
Sow - Hsin Chen ( simplified Chinese : 陈守信 ; traditional Chinese : 陳守信 ; pinyin : Chén shǒuxìn ; born in Chia - yi , Taiwan ) , is an American physicist and Professor Emeritus at Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
Lawrence Amos McLouth , A.B. , LL.D. ( 1863 - -1927 ) was an American Germanic scholar , born at Ontonagon , Michigan He graduated from the University of Michigan in 1887 , as a member of the Zeta Psi fraternity .
Matthias Kuhle ( 20 April 1948 -- 25 April 2015 ) was a German geographer and professor at the University of Göttingen .
Lawrence M. Principe is the Drew Professor of the Humanities at Johns Hopkins University in the Department of History of Science and Technology and the Department of Chemistry .
Joseph M. Hellerstein ( born 7 June 1968 ) is professor of Computer Science at the University of California , Berkeley , where he works on database systems and computer networks .
Paul Beaudry ( born 1960 ) is Professor and Canada Research Chair in the UBC Department of Economics at the University of British Columbia .
Daniel Guggenheim ( July 9 , 1856 -- September 28 , 1930 ) was an American mining magnate and philanthropist , and a son of Meyer Guggenheim .
Matteo I Visconti ( Invorio , 15 August 1250 - Crescenzago , 24 June 1322 ) was the son of Teobaldo Visconti ( nephew of the Archbishop of Milan , Ottone Visconti ) and Anastasia Pirovano .
Ali ibn Buya ( Persian : علی بن بویه‎‎ ) , known by his laqab ( honorific epithet ) Imad al - Dawla ( c. 891/2 -- December 949 ) , was the founder of the Buyid dynasty in Iran ( in Shiraz , 934 - -949 ) .
Tokai Teio ( Japanese : トウカイテイオー , April 20 , 1988 - August 30 , 2013 ) was a Japanese thoroughbred racehorse , sired by Symboli Rudolf , a son of Partholon , out of Tokai Natural , a daughter of Nice Dancer .
Sir George Downing , 2nd Baronet , of East Hatley ( died June 1711 ) was the son and heir of Sir George Downing , 1st Baronet .
Lady Katherine Percy ( May 18 , 1423 -- c. 1475 ) was the daughter of Henry Percy , 2nd Earl of Northumberland and Lady Eleanor Neville .
Shealtiel ( Hebrew : שְׁאַלְתִּיאֵל‎ , Shə’altî’ēl ) or Greek - derived variant Salathiel ( Greek : Σαλαθιηλ , Salăthiēl ) was the son of Jeconiah , king of Judah .
Nikephoros Xiphias was born probably some time around or before 980 , and was most likely the son of Alexios Xiphias , who served as the Catepan of Italy in 1006 - -08 .
Agonglo took over from his father King Kpengla in 1789 and inherited many of the economic problems that developed during Kpengla 's reign .
Mahmoud Mirza ( 9 October 1905 -- 2 July 1988 ) Iranian prince of Qajar Dynasty , was the son of Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar .
Philip Herbert , 5th Earl of Pembroke , 2nd Earl of Montgomery ( 1621 -- 11 December 1669 ) , was the son of Philip Herbert , 4th Earl of Pembroke , and Susan de Vere .
Some scholars have linked the Nine Mothers of Heimdallr with the Nine Daughters of Ægir ( whose parentage and names combined imply waves ) , an identification that would mean that Heimdallr was thus born from the waves of the sea .
Henry Marc Brunel ( 27 June 1842 -- 7 October 1903 ) was the second son of the celebrated English engineer Isambard Kingdom Brunel , and followed his father 's footsteps in becoming a civil engineer .
Leonidas Palaskas was born in Ioannina in 1819 , the son of the chieftain Christos Palaskas .
James Hay , 15th Earl of Erroll ( 20 April 1726 -- 3 July 1778 ) was the son of William Boyd , 4th Earl of Kilmarnock .
Henry Vaux ( c. 1559 - 19 November 1587 ) was an English recusant , priest smuggler , and poet during the reign of Elizabeth I. He was born the eldest child of William Vaux , 3rd Baron Vaux of Harrowden , and his first wife , Elizabeth Beaumont , daughter of John Beaumont of Grace Dieu , Leicester .
Doon Arbus ( born April 3 , 1945 ) , a daughter of actor Allan Arbus and photographer Diane Arbus , is a writer and journalist .
Roland Mack grew up as a son of the entrepreneur Franz Mack , in Waldkirch .
Mary Anna Custis Lee was the only surviving child of George Washington Parke Custis , George Washington 's step - grandson and adopted son and founder of Arlington House , and Mary Lee Fitzhugh Custis , daughter of William Fitzhugh and Ann Bolling Randolph Fitzhugh .
Xiong Zhi succeeded his father Xiong Kang , but later abdicated due to illness .
Lewis Washington was the son of George Corbin Washington , the grandson of William Augustine Washington , and a great - grandson of Augustine Washington , half - brother of George Washington .
The most widely accepted version is recounted in Ovid 's Metamorphoses , where Adonis is the son of Myrrha and her father Cinyras .
Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus ( 236 - -183 BC ) , also known as Scipio the African , Scipio Africanus - Major , Scipio Africanus the Elder , and Scipio the Great , is renowned as one of the greatest generals , not only of ancient Rome , but of all time .
Raja Zarith Sofiah was born in Batu Gajah Hospital , Batu Gajah , on 14 August 1959 as the third child and second daughter of Sultan Idris Shah II of Perak and Raja Mazwin Raja Arif Shah .
Mao Anqing ( Chinese : 毛岸青 ; pinyin : Máo Ànqīng ) ( 23 November 1923 - 23 March 2007 ) was the last known surviving son of Mao Zedong .
Philip Frederick of the Palatinate ( Prince Palatine John Philip Frederick , 16 September 1627 -- 16 December 1650 ) , was the seventh son of Frederick V , Elector Palatine ( of the House of Wittelsbach ) , the `` Winter King '' of Bohemia , by his consort , the English princess Elizabeth Stuart .
Endeïs was either the daughter of Chiron and the nymph Chariclo ; the daughter of Pandion of Athens ; or the daughter of the Megarian warlord Sciron .
Nguyễn Phúc Cảnh ( 1780 - -1801 ) , also known as Prince Cảnh , was the eldest son of the Vietnamese Prince Nguyễn Phúc Ánh , the future Emperor Gia Long .
Brian Henson ( born November 3 , 1963 ) is an American puppeteer , director , producer , and the chairman of The Jim Henson Company .
Jeanne Modigliani ( 29 November 1918 -- 27 July 1984 ) was the biographer of her father , artist Amedeo Modigliani , writing the 1958 book Modigliani , man and myth , later translated into English from the Italian by Esther Rowland Clifford .
Louis Lully ( Paris , 4 August 1664 -- 1 April 1734 ) was a French musician and the eldest son of Jean - Baptiste Lully .
Lady Iris Mountbatten was born in Kensington Palace , London on 13 January 1920 , the only child of Alexander Mountbatten , 1st Marquess of Carisbrooke , eldest of three sons and one daughter of Princess Beatrice and Prince Henry of Battenberg .
Prince Albert Victor , Duke of Clarence and Avondale ( Albert Victor Christian Edward ; 8 January 1864 -- 14 January 1892 ) , was the eldest son of Albert Edward , Prince of Wales ( later King Edward VII ) , and the grandson of the reigning British monarch , Queen Victoria .
Mid - day Sun 's sire , Solario was an outstanding racehorse who won the Coronation Cup and the Ascot Gold Cup in 1926 , before going on to be Champion sire three times .
Bret Hanover was by the leading sire Adios and out of Brenna Hanover by Tar Heel , a Little Brown Jug winner and a leading sire .
Eilika of Saxony ( c. 1080 -- 16 January 1142 ) was the younger daughter of Magnus , Duke of Saxony and Sophia ( married 1071 ) , a daughter of Béla I of Hungary .
Axayacatl was a son of the princess Atotoztli II and her cousin , prince Tezozomoc .
Attalus III ( Greek : Ἄτταλος Γ΄ ) Philometor Euergetes ( c. 170 BC -- 133 BC ) was the last Attalid king of Pergamon , ruling from 138 BC to 133 BC . He was the son of Eumenes II and wife Stratonice of Pergamon and the nephew of Attalus II , whom he succeeded .
Elizabeth Ferrers ( c. 1250 -- c. 1300 ) was a daughter of William de Ferrers , 5th Earl of Derby , and his second wife Margaret de Quincy ( born 1218 ) .
Joseph Ignaz Philipp von Hessen - Darmstadt was born in Brussels on January 22 , 1699 , the son of Philip of Hesse - Darmstadt and his wife Princess Marie Therese von Croÿ ( 1673 - -1714 ) , daughter of Ferdinand François Joseph von Croÿ , 3rd Duke of Havré .
Prince Pedro Luiz of Orléans - Braganza ( 12 January 1983 -- 1 June 2009 ) was the son of Prince Antônio of Orléans - Braganza , and was third in the line of succession to the former Brazilian throne , abolished in 1889 .
Louise Hollandine of the Palatinate ( 18 April 1622 -- 11 February 1709 ) was a daughter of Frederick V , Elector Palatine and King of Bohemia , and Elizabeth Stuart .
Yuan Huangtou ( Chinese : zh:元黄头 ) was the son of emperor Yuan Lang of Eastern Wei .
In Greek mythology , Aristodemus ( Ancient Greek : Ἀριστόδημος ) was a Heracleidae , son of Aristomachus and brother of Cresphontes and Temenus .
Rocket Bar was a registered Thoroughbred son of Three Bars that foaled in Arizona in 1951 .
Georg Nolte is a son of the German historian Ernst Nolte ( born 1923 ) .
Hu Haifeng ( Chinese : 胡海峰 ; pinyin : Hú Hǎifēng ) is a Chinese businessman and the son of the former Chinese President and Communist Party General Secretary Hu Jintao .
Born in Oneonta , New York , Sherman Fairchild was the only child of George Winthrop Fairchild ( 1854 - -1924 ) and Josephine Mills Sherman ( 1859 - -1924 ) .
Áed mac Cináeda ( died 878 ) was a son of Cináed mac Ailpín ( `` Kenneth MacAlpin '' ) .
Bred in Kentucky , Life 's Magic was sired by Cox 's Ridge , a Grade I winner and descendant of the great Nearco .
WWDV ( 96.9 FM ) is a radio station in Zion , Illinois , known as `` The Drive '' .
Somerset 's Orchard FM ( later Heart Somerset ) broadcast from studios at Haygrove House ( a converted farm house and grounds ) at Shoreditch near Taunton Racecourse , Taunton , adjacent to the M5 .
CHTT - FM is a radio station in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada , which airs at 103.1 FM .
WTYD is an Adult Album Alternative formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Deltaville , Virginia , serving the Northern Neck .
BBC WM 95.6 ( previously BBC Radio WM ) is the BBC Local Radio service for the West Midlands , South Staffordshire , north Worcestershire and north Warwickshire , operated by BBC Birmingham .
KNYN is an American FM radio station broadcasting on 99.1 MHz FM and is licensed to Fort Bridger , Wyoming .
WILK - FM is a radio station licensed to Avoca , Pennsylvania operating at a frequency of 103.1 MHz serving the Scranton / Wilkes - Barre / Hazleton radio market .
WMMO is a Cox Media Group radio station in Orlando , Florida , broadcasting at 98.9 FM with a classic hits format .
WORQ , known by the on - air brand of `` Q90 FM '' , is a Christian radio radio station in Green Bay , Wisconsin .
WDBR is a Top 40 radio station licensed to and serving the Springfield , Illinois market .
KRSW ( 89.3 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Worthington , Minnesota , serving the Marshall area .
KPRR , known as `` Power 102 FM '' , is a Rhythmic Top 40 radio station based in El Paso , Texas .
KLUR is a radio station serving Wichita Falls , Texas and Vicinity with a country music format .
CHAT - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a country music radio format at 94.5 FM in Medicine Hat , Alberta .
KCHU ( 770 AM ) is a non - commercial radio station in Valdez , Alaska , United States .
KZNT is a News - Talk AM radio station owned by Salem Communications broadcasting in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
KCME is an independent Colorado public radio station founded in Manitou Springs , Colorado , in 1977 .
WBYE ( 1370 AM ) was an American radio station formerly licensed to the community of Calera , Alabama , and serving the greater Birmingham , Alabama , area .
KABG ( 98.5 MHz ) is an American radio station licensed to Los Alamos , New Mexico serving the Santa Fe and Albuquerque radio markets .
WSRW - FM ( 105.7 FM , `` Star 105.7 '' ) , Grand Rapids , Michigan , is a Hot Adult Contemporary music formatted radio station on the frequency of 105.7 FM .
KFBW is a commercial radio station in Vancouver , Washington , broadcasting to the Portland metropolitan area on 105.9 FM .
WLLH ( 1400 AM ; `` La Nueva Mega '' ) is a radio station in the Merrimack Valley region of Massachusetts , licensed to Lowell , Massachusetts .
KBBW ( 1010 AM ) is a Waco , Texas , Christian radio station .
KUHL ( 1440 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Santa Maria , California , USA .
WBRF is a Classic country , Bluegrass and Americana formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Galax , Virginia , serving Southwestern Virginia , Southside Virginia and the Piedmont Triad .
KILT - FM ( 100.3 FM ) is a Houston , Texas - based radio station with a country music format .
WZMX , better known as `` Hot 93.7 '' is an urban - leaning Rhythmic Contemporary station licensed to Hartford , Connecticut .
WAKM is an AM radio station in Franklin , Tennessee , broadcasting on a frequency of 950 kHz .
WUSL , better known to the listeners as `` POWER 99FM '' , is a mainstream urban radio station , owned by iHeartMedia , Inc. and licensed to Philadelphia .
WGAI is a Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Elizabeth City , North Carolina , serving Elizabeth City and the Outer Banks .
KNIH ( 970 AM ) is a radio station serving the Las Vegas Valley , licensed to Paradise , Nevada .
WDSM ( 710 AM ) is a talk radio station in Duluth , Minnesota , ( licensed to Superior , Wisconsin ) .
CIKR - FM is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting at 105.7 FM in Kingston , Ontario owned by Rogers Media .
WMID is a radio station in Atlantic City , New Jersey which plays `` the classic oldies '' .
WSHR ( 91.9 FM , `` 91.9 The Arrow '' ) is a radio station licensed to Lake Ronkonkoma , New York and serves the Long Island area .
KAAY is a 50,000-watt , class A clear - channel AM radio station in Little Rock , Arkansas , licensed on 1090 kHz .
The Summer Institute for Future Teachers , SIFT is a residential summer program at Eastern Connecticut State University .
The Captain Nathan Hale Monument , is a 45-foot ( 14 m ) obelisk in Coventry , Connecticut , built in 1846 in honor of Nathan Hale , the Revolutionary War hero , who was born in Coventry .
Dustan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دوستان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Badreh District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Kaiser Convention Center is a historic , publicly owned multi - purpose arena located in Oakland , California .
The Berkeley Heights Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district serving students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Berkeley Heights in Union County , New Jersey .
RCAF Station Gimli was an air station of the Royal Canadian Air Force ( RCAF ) located near Gimli , Manitoba , Canada .
Srocko Małe ( ˈsrɔt͡skɔ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stęszew , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Elambilakode is a hamlet in Chaliyar Panchayath of Nilambur Taluk in Malappuram district , Kerala , South India .
Borawe ( bɔˈravɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzekuń , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Fort Worth Botanic Garden ( 109 acres ) is a botanical garden located at 3220 Botanic Garden Boulevard , Fort Worth , Texas .
Prince of Orange Mall is a regional enclosed shopping mall in Orangeburg , South Carolina , United States .
The Crompton Loom Works is an historic industrial complex of the Crompton Corporation at 132 - 142 Green Street in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Beecher 's Trilobite Bed is a Konservat - Lagerstätte of Late Ordovician ( Caradoc ) age located within the Frankfort Shale in Cleveland 's Glen , Oneida County , New York , USA .
Telve ( German : Telf ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) east of Trento .
Jarestan ( Persian : جارستان‎ , also Romanized as Jārestān ) is a village in Korond Rural District , in the Central District of Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jurkuyeh ( Persian : جوركويه‎ , also Romanized as Jūrkūyeh ) is a village in Nowsher - e Koshk - e Bijar Rural District , Khoshk - e Bijar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bonkuy - e Khalili ( Persian : بنكوي خليلي‎ , also Romanized as Bonkūy - e Khalīlī ) is a village in Aviz Rural District , in the Central District of Farashband County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dzieżgów ( ˈd͡ʑeʐɡuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Mordiford is a village in Herefordshire , England on the B4224 Hereford to Mitcheldean road 4 miles east south east of the city of Hereford .
Haft Sanduq ( Persian : هفت صندوق‎ , also Romanized as Haft Şandūq and Khaft - Sanduk ) is a village in Dodangeh - ye Olya Rural District , Ziaabad District , Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Bardonecchia ( French : Bardonèche or Bardonnèche ; Occitan : Bardonecha ) is an Italian town and comune located in the Province of Turin , in the Piedmont region , in the western part of Susa Valley .
The Academy for Academic Excellence ( AAE ) is a K-12 public charter school located in Apple Valley , California .
Center City High School was an accredited alternative high school located in Escondido , California , part of the Escondido Union High School District .
The Marco Polo Bridge or Lugou Bridge ( simplified Chinese : 卢沟桥 ; traditional Chinese : 盧溝橋 ; pinyin : Lúgōu Qiáo ) is a famous stone bridge located 15 km southwest of the Beijing city center in the Fengtai District .
The Good - Hartle Farm is a historic home and farm complex located near Hagerstown , Washington County , Maryland , United States .
Great Sampford is a village and civil parish on the junction of the B1053 and B1051 roads in the north - west of the English county of Essex .
Nowa Złotoria ( ˈnɔva zwɔˈtɔrja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Society Hill Towers is a three - building condominium located in the Society Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Yanhu District ( simplified Chinese : 盐湖区 ; traditional Chinese : 鹽湖區 ; pinyin : Yánhú Qū ; literally : `` salt lake '' ) is the main district of Yuncheng , Shanxi province , China .
The Villa Medici at Careggi is a patrician villa in the hills near Florence , Tuscany , central Italy .
Hamzehlu ( Persian : حمزه لو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamzehlū ; also known as Khomrehlī and Saqātūtān ) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Wilson Cemetery is a historic cemetery at Wilson Street on Marlborough , Massachusetts .
Hessigheim is a town in the Ludwigsburg Landkreis ( or district ) approximately 25 km north of Stuttgart .
CIDI - FM is an English language community radio station with French programming that broadcasts at 99.1 FM in Brome Lake , Quebec , Canada .
Coral Springs Christian Academy ( CSCA ) is a private school in Coral Springs , Florida , serving 1,100 students in pre - school through 12th grade as of 2007 .
Haversin Castle ( French : Château de Haversin ) is a 17th - century château in the hamlet of Haversin , part of the village of Serinchamps in the municipality of Ciney , province of Namur , Belgium .
Narayangaon is a town in the Pune district of Maharashtra state , India .
Motor Square Garden , also known as East Liberty Market , is a building in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , USA , that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Paunci ( Serbian Cyrillic : Паунци ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Wierzbówiec ( vjɛʐˈbuvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Madukkur ( மதுக்கூர் ) is a Panchayat town in Thanjavur District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Sri Muktsar Sahib district ( Punjabi : ਸ੍ਰੀ ਮੁਕਤਸਰ ਸਾਹਿਬ ਜ਼ਿਲ੍ਹਾ ) is one of the twenty two districts in the Indian Punjab and earlier known as khidraane di dhaab .
The National Aviation Hall of Fame ( NAHF ) is a museum , annual awards ceremony and learning & research center that was founded in 1962 as an Ohio non - profit corporation in Dayton , Ohio .
Łozienica ( wɔʑeˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
New Hall Manor is a medieval manor house , now used as a hotel , in Sutton Coldfield , West Midlands , England .
Haig Avenue , known as Merseyrail Community Stadium for sponsorship reasons , is a football stadium in Blowick , Southport , Merseyside , that holds 7,000 spectators .
The Little Narraguagus River is a short stream in Maine .
Muthukur or Muttukuru is a village and a Mandal in Nellore district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Hall Tavern is an historic tavern at 20 Gray Gardens West Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Santa Maria Navarrese is a coastal and tourist town , frazione ( ' district ' ) of the municipality of Baunei , in the province of Ogliastra , Sardinia .
Cloudcroft Observatory , also known as the Cloudcroft Electro - Optical Research Facility , was an astronomical observatory located in the Lincoln National Forest near Cloudcroft , New Mexico , approximately 23 kilometers ( 14 mi ) northeast of Alamagordo .
Vadipatti is a panchayat town in the Madurai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Octagon Round Barn , Indian Creek Township is an historic structure located near Nevada in rural Story County , Iowa , United States .
Wells Airport ( FAA LID : 35C ) is a privately owned , public - use airport located in Courtland Township three miles ( 5 km ) northeast of the central business district of Rockford , in Kent County , Michigan , United States .
Jerka ( ˈjɛrka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
KGTL ( 620 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Homer , Alaska .
Kurzawka ( kuˈʐafka ) ( German Kuschofka , Kuschowka , 1939 - -1945 Kuschhofen ; Silesian Kuszówka ) is a settlement belonging to the sołectwo of Raszowa in the administrative district of Gmina Leśnica , within Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Grant - Frontier Park is a park at Evans Ave . on the east bank of the South Platte River in southwest Denver , Colorado .
Butter Valley Golf Port ( FAA LID : 7N8 ) is a privately owned , public - use airport located on the Butter Valley Golf Port golf course , located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) east of the borough of Bally in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Nance - Major House and Store is a historic home and country store located across from the Charles City County Courthouse at Charles City , Charles City County , Virginia .
Pong Tao ( Thai : ปงเตา ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Ngao District , in Lampang Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 8846 people .
Lubomin Leśny ( luˈbɔmin ˈlɛɕnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Howard T. Markey National Courts Building ( formerly the National Courts Building ) is a courthouse in Washington , D.C. , which houses the United States Court of Federal Claims and the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit .
Kordi Chal ( Persian : كرديچال‎ , also Romanized as Kordī Chāl ; also known as Kodīchāl , Kodī Chāl , Kolī Chāl , and Kurdichal ) is a village in Kelardasht - e Sharqi Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Galejtu ( Persian : گالجتو‎ , also Romanized as Gālejtū ) is a village in Halil Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ida Street Viaduct is a registered historic structure in Cincinnati , Ohio , listed in the National Register on November 28 , 1980 .
Haram Rud - e Sofla Rural District ( Persian : دهستان حرم رودسفلي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Samen District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Bezvan ( Persian : بزوان‎ , also Romanized as Bezvān , Bozvān , and Bazovān ; also known as Beyzehvān , Bezāvān , and Buzavan ) is a village in Bedevostan - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mount Bischoff is a mountain and former tin mine in the north - western region of Tasmania , Australia .
The Riverside Discovery Center , formerly named the Riverside Park and Zoo , is a park and zoo complex along the North Platte River in Scottsbluff , Nebraska , United States .
Baruy Emir ( Persian : بروي امير‎ , also Romanized as Barūy Emīr ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
CKOE - FM is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting a Contemporary Christian music format at 107.3 FM in Moncton , New Brunswick .
San Makha ( Thai : สันมะค่า ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Pa Daet District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Rancho Park Golf Course is an 18-hole par-71 public golf course located in the Cheviot Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles , California .
KLSU ( 91.1 FM ) is the student - run college radio station for Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge , Louisiana with a radio format of variety music and specialty programming .
Ozone Falls State Natural Area is a state natural area in Cumberland County , Tennessee , located in the Southeastern United States .
The Nodaway County Historical Society Museum is a museum in Maryville , Missouri telling the history of Nodaway County , Missouri , USA .
The Peoples Church of East Lansing is an interdenominational Protestant congregation located in the city of East Lansing , Michigan .
Talbot Rice Gallery is part of the University of Edinburgh , in Scotland .
The Kootenai National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States located in northern Idaho .
Harold Wood is a suburb in northeast London , England , and part of the London Borough of Havering .
The Wadsworth - Longfellow House is an historic house and museum in Portland , Maine , United States .
Goshute Canyon Wilderness is a 42,544-acre ( 17,217 ha ) wilderness area in northern White Pine County in the U.S. state of Nevada .
Dehnow - e Hoseyn Asgar ( Persian : دهنوحسين اصغر‎ , also Romanized as Dehnow - e Ḩoseyn Āṣghar ) is a village in Dasht - e Khak Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bam Badami ( Persian : بام بادامي‎ , also Romanized as Bām Bādāmī ) is a village in Jowzar Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Union Temple of Brooklyn is a Reform synagogue located at 17 Eastern Parkway between Underhill Avenue and Plaza Street East in the Prospect Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York City , across the street from the Brooklyn Public Library , the Brooklyn Museum , and the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens .
Evenley is a village and civil parish just over 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) south of Brackley in South Northamptonshire , England .
Lalari Yek ( Persian : للري يك‎‎ , also Romanized as Lalarī Yeḵ , meaning `` Lalari 1 '' ; also known as Lalarī ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The University of New Orleans , often referred to locally as UNO , is a medium - sized public urban university located on the New Orleans lakefront within New Orleans , Louisiana , United States .
Dargah - e Soleyman ( Persian : درگاه سليمان‎ , also Romanized as Dargāh - e Soleymān and Dargāh Soleymān ) is a village in Saheb Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Mehdiabad - e Amin ( Persian : مهدي اباد امين‎ , also Romanized as Mehdīābād - e Amīn ; also known as Mehdīābād ) is a village in Bayaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Unity Baptist Church is a historic African American Baptist church at Sumter and Hart Streets in Kershaw , Lancaster County , South Carolina .
Ragunan is a kelurahan ( Administrative Village ) of Pasar Minggu Subdistrict , South Jakarta .
The Downtown Torrington Historic District is a 56-acre ( 23 ha ) historic district in Torrington , Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) in 1988 .
Zhuyeping Township ( simplified Chinese : 竹叶坪乡 ; traditional Chinese : 竹葉坪鄉 ; pinyin : Zhuyeping Xiang ) is an rural township in Sangzhi County , Zhangjiajie , Hunan Province , China .
Lac de Grand - Lieu is a lake located to the south - west of Nantes , in the Loire - Atlantique , France , and almost entirely in Saint - Philbert - de - Grand - Lieu .
WGBN ( AM 1360 ) is a gospel radio station that serves the Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania market .
Rybczyzna ( rɨpˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Berkley Crossroads Historic District is a historic district at Darlington , Harford County , Maryland , United States .
Rusthall is a village located approximately 2 miles to the west of the spa town of Tunbridge Wells in Kent .
Parasi Kalan is a village panchayat located in the Chandauli district of Uttar Pradesh , India .
The Middletown Township Public School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students from pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Middletown Township in Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .
Shangri La Botanical Gardens and Nature Center ( 252 acres ) are private botanical gardens and a nature preserve located in the center of Orange , Texas .
Manastash Ridge is a long anticline mountain ridge located in central Washington state in the United States .
Carpenter Rocks is a small coastal town located 35 km south - west of Mount Gambier in the south - east of South Australia .
Baghcheh - ye Shomali ( Persian : باغچه شمالي‎ , also Romanized as Bāghcheh - ye Shomālī ) is a village in Baghak Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Dalukhadia ( or Dalukhadiya ) is a small village in Panchmahal district , Gujarat , India .
ATB Place formerly TELUS Plaza is an office complex in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada , that was completed in 1972 ( as the Alberta Government Telephones ( AGT ) buildings ) .
Havrebjerg , is a small town with a population of 413 ( 1 January 2015 ) in Slagelse Municipality , Denmark .
The Mechanicsburg Baptist Church is a historic church in the village of Mechanicsburg , Ohio , United States .
Bool Lagoon Game Reserve is a protected area located in the Limestone Coast region of South Australia , about 24 kilometres ( 15 mi ) south of the town of Naracoorte .
The Rossiya Theatre ( Russian : Театр `` Россия '' ) , formerly known as the Pushkinsky Cinema ( Russian : Кинотеатр `` Пушкинский '' ) is monument of architecture and currently the largest theatre in Moscow operated by Stage Entertainment .
The Punk Rock Shelter ( 9PM211 ) was an archaeological site found in Putnam County , Georgia .
Bluejay Creek is a river in the east part of Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario , Canada .
Tregantle Fort in south east Cornwall is one of several forts surrounding Plymouth that were built as a result of a decision in Lord Palmerston 's premiership to deter the French from attacking naval bases on the Channel coast .
Simmondley is a small village near the Derbyshire town of Glossop .
Darowice ( darɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Cattaraugus Reservation is an Indian reservation of the federally recognized Seneca Nation of Indians , formerly part of the Iroquois Confederacy located in New York .
Kazem - e Heydar ( Persian : كاظم حيدر‎ , also Romanized as Kāz̧em - e Ḩeydar ) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Marion Oliver McCaw Hall , formerly known as the Civic Auditorium and Seattle Opera House , is a performing arts hall in Seattle , Washington , United States .
Jagodniki ( jaɡɔdˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Woods - Gerry House ( or Dr. Marshall Woods House ) is an historic house on 62 Prospect Street in Providence , Rhode Island .
The Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center ( RLTAC ) is an indoor track and indoor basketball stadium in Roxbury , Massachusetts , partially funded by the state of Massachusetts .
The Trinity Alps Wilderness is a 525,627-acre ( 2,130 km2 ) designated wilderness located in northern California , roughly between Eureka and Redding .
Bear Creek Secondary School ( known as BCSS ) is a public secondary school ( grades 9 - 12 ) located in Barrie , Ontario , Canada .
Kil - Kare Raceway is a motorsports complex located in Xenia Township , Greene County , near Xenia and Dayton , Ohio , USA .
Libuš ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈlɪbuʃ ) ) is one of the municipal districts of Prague .
The Wilson Pigott Bridge ( also locally known as the State Road 31 Bridge ) is a small two - lane drawbridge located near Fort Myers Shores in Lee County , Florida .
The Olympic Peninsula is the large arm of land in western Washington that lies across Puget Sound from Seattle .
Stara Górka ( ˈstara ˈɡurka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Dunkeswell is a village and civil parish in East Devon , England , located approximately 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north of the town of Honiton .
Shabestar County ( Persian : شهرستان شبستر‎ ) is a county in East Azerbaijan Province in Iran .
KWXD is an Active Rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Asbury , Missouri , serving Pittsburg in Kansas and Joplin and Carthage in Missouri .
George Brothers Building is a historic warehouse located at Chaumont in Jefferson County , New York .
Saint - Jean - de - Maurienne ( also Saint - Jean de Maurienne - Vallée de l'Arvan ) is a railway station located in Saint - Jean - de - Maurienne , Savoie , France .
Tychnowy ( tɨxˈnɔvɨ ) ( German : Tiefenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kelynack is a settlement in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Pawłowo Skockie ( paˈvwɔvɔ ˈskɔt͡skʲɛ ) ( German : Fohlendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
State Gymnasium is an arena on the campus of Iowa State University in Ames , Iowa .
Woldingham is a village and civil parish high on the North Downs in Surrey within the M25 , 17.5 miles ( 28.2 km ) south - by - southeast of London ; its buildings lie at 150 - -248 m AOD .
Nargandal ( Persian : نارگندل‎ , also Romanized as Nārgandal ; also known as Na``l Kandal , Nālgand , Nālgandeh , and Nālkandar ) is a village in Afriz Rural District , Sedeh District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 78 , in 23 families .
Tunb - e Bozorg ( Persian : تنب بزرگ‎ ; also known as Greater Tumb , Jazīreh - ye Tonb - e Bozorg , Jezīrat Tunb , Tonb , Ţunb al Kubrá , and Tunb Buzurq ) is a village in Tunb Rural District , Tunb District , Abumusa County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Tappeh Mowla ( Persian : تپه مولا‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh Mowlā ) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Tegerbari ( Persian : تگرباري‎ , also Romanized as Tegerbārī and Tagarbārī ) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District , Karaftu District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Siero is a municipality of the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Camelback Ranch - Glendale is a stadium in Phoenix , Arizona owned and operated by the city of Glendale , Arizona .
Moss Park Armoury ( MPA ) is a Canadian Forces facility located at 130 Queen Street East , in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Maklavan - e Bala ( Persian : ماكلوان بالا‎ , also Romanized as Māklavān - e Bālā ) was a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Cascade Building , formerly known as the Bedell Building , is a building located in downtown Portland , Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Lichtentaler Allee is a historic park and arboretum set out as an 2.3 kilometer strolling avenue along the west bank of the river Oos in Baden - Baden , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
The Republic of China Armed Forces Museum ( AFM ; Chinese : 國軍歷史文物館 ; pinyin : Guójūn Lìshǐ Wénwùguǎn ) is a museum located on Guiyang Street Zhongzheng District , Taipei in the Republic of China .
The Flora School , at 82744 Church St. in Flora , Oregon , is a historic Bungalow / craftsman - style former school building that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) .
Castelvecchio Museum ( Italian : Museo Civico di Castelvecchio ) is a museum in Verona , northern Italy , located in the eponymous medieval castle .
Dhamanagar is a town and a notified area committee in Bhadrak district in the state of Odisha , India .
Miller Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KMKA , FAA LID : MKA ) is a city owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) east of the central business district of Miller , a city in Hand County , South Dakota , United States .
The Boston Naval Yard Fuel Depot Annex , was a United States Navy fuel depot annex located in East Boston , Massachusetts .
Montville Township High School is a four - year comprehensive public high school located in Montville Township , in suburban Morris County , New Jersey , United States .
Westerwijzend is a hamlet in de municipality of Drechterland , in the Dutch province North - Holland .
The Colin McCormick House is a historical house in Owosso , Michigan , designed by Edger Ingersoll , and is notable for its size .
WLDI , on - air known as Wild 95.5 , is a radio station licensed to Juno Beach , Florida and broadcasting in the Treasure Coast and West Palm Beach , Florida markets .
The Rawson House is a historic building along Clifton Avenue in Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
Podłoziny ( pɔdwɔˈʑinɨ ) ( German : Tiefland ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dopiewo , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Gmina Wolbrom ( German : Wolfram ) is an urban - rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Dakota Plains First Nation is a First Nations entity located southwest of Portage la Prairie , Manitoba .
Flight Park State Recreation Area is a state park of Utah , USA , dedicated to hang gliding and paragliding .
Malamówka ( malaˈmufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Trent Wind Farm , also known as the Trent Mesa Wind Project , is a 150 megawatt wind power station located between Abilene and Sweetwater in West Texas .
Huguenot Memorial Chapel and Monument is a historic church located at Manakin , Powhatan County , Virginia .
The Jalan Museum ( Hindi : जलान संग्रहालय ) is a private museum located in Patna , Bihar , India .
Kizhuthani is a small village in the town of Irinjalakuda in Trichur District , Kerala , India .
Swinburne Senior Secondary College is a co - educational government secondary college located at 505 Burwood Road Hawthorn Victoria which caters for Years 11 and 12 students .
Kulkeh Rash - e Sofla ( Persian : كولكه رش سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kūlkeh Rash - e Soflá ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kopydłówek ( kɔpɨˈdwuvɛk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyn , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Wójty ( ˈvui̯tɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Leylan Cham ( Persian : ليلان چم‎ , also Romanized as Leylān Cham ) is a village in Malavi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kołkówka ( kɔu̯ˈkufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepiennik Strzyżewski , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Jesse J. and Mary F. Allee House , also known as the Allee Mansion , is a historic house located at 2020 640th Street in Newell , Iowa .
Robert Morris University ( RMU ) is a private , coeducational university located in Moon , a suburb of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
Shazhen ( Chinese : 沙镇镇 ) is a town in Dongchangfu District , Liaocheng , in western Shandong province , China .
Chah - e Rahim , Zahedan ( Persian : چاه رحیم‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kohyan ( Persian : كهيان‎ , also Romanized as Kohyān , Kahīān , Kahiyan , and Kahyān ) is a village in Rig Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Hoseynabad - e Chulak ( Persian : حسين ابادچولك‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Chūlak ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District , in the Central District of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Baker City is a city in and the county seat of Baker County , Oregon , United States .
WEDO ( 810 AM ) is a multicultural radio broadcasting outlet serving the area of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Zavodski District ( Belarusian : Заводскі , Russian : Заводской , Zavodskoy Raion ) is an adiministrative subdivision of the city of Minsk , Belarus .
Longman Hill is a Bronze Age long barrow situated atop a prominent rounded landform in northern Aberdeenshire , Scotland near Banff Bay .
Kilmoganny ( officially Kilmaganny ; Irish : Cill Mogeanna , meaning `` Church of Saint Mogeanna '' ) is a small village in the County Kilkenny in the south - east of Ireland .
Julia Morgan Hall ( formerly Girton Hall ) is a historic building in the University of California Botanical Garden in Berkeley , California .
The House of Perkūnas is one of the most original and Gothic secular buildings , located in the Old Town of Kaunas , Lithuania .
Chromakowo ( xrɔmaˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bash Mahalleh - ye Lavandevil ( Persian : باش محله لوندويل‎ , also Romanized as Bāsh Maḩalleh - ye Lavandevīl ; also known as Bāsh Maḩalleh ) is a village in Chelevand Rural District , Lavandevil District , Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Frank E. Bauer Bridge is a 0.19 mile ( 0.31 km ) former toll bridge that traverses the Rock River in Machesney Park , Illinois .
Flagler Hospital , based in St. Augustine , Florida , is a not - for - profit facility established in 1889 .
Jennings County High School is a public learning institution located in North Vernon , Indiana .
The Fort of the Maré ( Portuguese : Forte da Maré ) , ruins of a 16th - century fortification located in the civil parish São Mateus da Calheta , in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo , along the southern coast of Terceira , Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
The Asheville - Weaverville Speedway near Weaverville , North Carolina , USA was considered to be site for the old - school NASCAR races in both the Grand National and the Winston Cup eras ( which is now known as the Sprint Cup Series ) .
Tarand - e Pain ( Persian : طارندپائين‎ , also Romanized as Ţārand - e Pā’īn ; also known as Ţārand - e Soflá ) is a village in Tarand Rural District , Jalilabad District , Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Fuyot Springs National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in the mountain slopes of Barangay Santa Victoria in Ilagan , Isabela 405 kilometers northeast from Manila .
The Tariffville Historic District is a 93 acres ( 38 ha ) historic district in the town of Simsbury , Connecticut .
Le Petit Vignemale is located in the Hautes - Pyrénées department , near Cauterets and Gavarnie arrondissement of Argelès - Gazost in the Pyrenees National Park .
Baie - Mahault is a commune in France and is the second most populated commune in the French overseas region and department of Guadeloupe after Les Abymes The extensive industrial zone of Jarry in Baie - Mahault is by far the most industrialized commune in the islands and the largest industrial park in the Lesser Antilles .
Miyan Velayat District ( Persian : بخش میان ولایت‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Taybad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Marianów Rogowski ( maˈrjanuf rɔˈɡɔfski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogów , within Brzeziny County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Tampa Bay Automobile Museum , located in Pinellas Park , Florida in the Tampa Bay Area , displays historic automobiles from the 20th century .
The Reed Gold Mine is located in Midland , Cabarrus County , North Carolina , and is the site of the first documented commercial gold find in the United States .
Kishwaukee College , located west of Malta , Illinois , is the community college for Illinois Community College district 523 .
WOXX ( 97.1 FM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Colebrook , New Hampshire , USA , serving the Northern New Hampshire area .
The Bezirk Frankfurt , also Bezirk Frankfurt ( Oder ) , was a district ( Bezirk ) of East Germany .
Crœttwiller ( German : Kröttweiler ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Mission Peak Regional Preserve is a public park east of Fremont , California , operated by the East Bay Regional Park District .
Two Mile Village is an Indian settlement in southeast Yukon , Canada .
The National Palace of Culture ( Bulgarian : Национален дворец на културата , Natsionalen dvorets na kulturata ; abbreviated as НДК , NDK ) , located in Sofia , the capital of Bulgaria , is the largest multifunctional conference and exhibition centre in south - eastern Europe .
Moczarne ( mɔˈt͡ʂarnɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Мочарне , Mocharne ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Cisna , within Lesko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
The Adventuredome , formerly known as the Grand Slam Canyon , is a 5-acre ( 2.0 ha ) indoor amusement park located at Circus Circus in Las Vegas , Nevada on the Las Vegas Strip .
Great Onyx Cave is a cave located in Mammoth Cave National Park in Kentucky , United States .
The Rockhill Trolley Museum is located at 430 Meadow Street , Rockhill Furnace , Pennsylvania , 19 miles ( 31 km ) north of the Pennsylvania Turnpike and 11 miles ( 18 km ) south of US 22 , the William Penn Highway .
École publique Gabrielle - Roy is an elementary , junior and senior high school in the Strathearn community of Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
The Herricks Union Free School District is a school district located in western Nassau County on Long Island , in New York State .
Quayside Tower is a modern commercial building in Birmingham , England .
Garros Galería or Garros Gallery is located in Colonia Roma in Mexico City .
Cardinham Grange was a grange in Cardinham , Cornwall , UK .
The Cottage Farm Historic District encompasses a residential area in eastern Brookline , Massachusetts , known for its association with industrialist Amos Adams Lawrence ( 1814 - 1886 ) .
Sloboda - Komarivtsi ( Ukrainian : Слобода-Комарівці ; Romanian : Slobozia Comăreștilor ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Storozhynets Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
Wolf Mountain ( formally titled Wolf Creek Utah Ski Resort ) is a small local ski area in the Ogden Valley near Eden , Utah .
Naguru is a village and panchayat in Garugubilli mandal in Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
KIOC is a mainstream rock formatted radio station in Beaumont , Texas .
Huzhu Pagoda ( simplified Chinese : 护珠塔 ; traditional Chinese : 護珠塔 ; pinyin : Hùzhūtǎ ) is a Chinese Pagoda located on Tianmashan Hill in the Songjiang District of Shanghai .
Delta Air Lines Flight 1288 was a regularly scheduled flight from Pensacola , Florida to Atlanta , Georgia on a McDonnell Douglas MD-88 equipped with Pratt & Whitney JT8D-219 turbofan engines .
The West Side of Stamford , Connecticut , also known as Richmond Hill , is one of the oldest neighborhoods in the state of Connecticut .
Jeżynów ( jɛˈʐɨnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piekoszów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Pogony ( pɔˈɡɔnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sobowo ( sɔˈbɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Enola Yard is a large rail yard located in East Pennsboro Township , Pennsylvania , along the western shore of the Susquehanna River at Harrisburg , Pennsylvania .
Union Township Works II is a registered historic site near Pisgah , Ohio , listed in the National Register on October 7 , 1971 .
Lah Meleh - ye Sofla - ye Jowkar ( Persian : له مله سفلي جوكار‎ , also Romanized as Lah Meleh - ye Soflá - ye Jowkār ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Yanchang County ( simplified Chinese : 延长县 ; traditional Chinese : 延長縣 ; pinyin : Yáncháng Xiàn ) is a county under charge of Yan'an City , Shaanxi Province of China .
Kinmuck , Aberdeenshire , is a small village just outside Inverurie in the north - east of Scotland .
The Samuel P. Harn Museum of Art is an art museum at the University of Florida in Gainesville , Florida .
Choqa Reza ( Persian : چقارضا‎ , also Romanized as Choqā Reẕā ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The August Schell Brewing Company is a brewing company in New Ulm , Minnesota .
Sar Rag ( Persian : سررگ‎‎ ; also known as Seyyed Āḥmad Bag and Seyyed Aḩmad Beyg ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sinderen is a village in the municipality Oude IJsselstreek in the Dutch province Gelderland .
Konopki - Kolonie ( kɔˈnɔpki kɔˈlɔɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Greenbrier Mall is a nearly 900,000 sq . ft . regional mall in Chesapeake , Virginia , in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area .
Haft Rangu ( Persian : هفترنگو‎ , also Romanized as Haft Rangū ; also known as Haft Rang ) is a village in Salakh Rural District , Shahab District , Qeshm County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Collège Champagneur is a private French - language Roman Catholic coeducational school in Rawdon , Quebec .
Old Gun Mill , also referred to as `` Colt Gun Mill '' , is a notable historic mill in Paterson , New Jersey where the Colt revolver was first produced in the 1830s , and where John Ryle produced and manufactured silk for the first time in the United States .
Treborough is a small village and civil parish 7 miles ( 11 km ) miles south of Dunster , lying amongst the Brendon Hills within the Exmoor National Park in the West Somerset district of Somerset , England .
Tregonan Grange was a Cistercian grange of Beaulieu Abbey at Tregonan in the parish of St Keverne , Cornwall , England , UK .
Beercrocombe ( also known as Beer Crocombe ) is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated on the Fivehead River , a tributary of the River Isle , 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) south of Curry Mallet and 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) south - east of Taunton in the South Somerset district .
Changai ( Persian : چنگايي‎ , also Romanized as Changā’ī ; also known as Changā’ī - ye Aşgharābād , Changā’ī - ye Vasaţ , and Changūi Wast ) is a village in Koregah - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kal Khargushi ( Persian : كل خرگوشي‎ , also Romanized as Kal Khargūshī ; also known as Golkhargūsh , Golkhargūshū , and Kal Khargūshū ) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Lowell Ranger Station compound is in the Coronado National Forest of southern Arizona .
Lati Dan ( Persian : لاتيدان‎ , also Romanized as Lātī Dān ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Ipswich Range Lights are a pair of range lights on Crane Beach in Ipswich , Massachusetts .
Juanacatlán ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xwanakaˈtlan ) ) is a town and municipio ( municipality ) in the central region of the Mexican state of Jalisco .
Lumsden ( Colhoun ) Airport , ( TC LID : CKH8 ) , is located 3.5 nautical miles ( 6.5 km ; 4.0 mi ) northeast of Lumsden , Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Hyattsville Armory is a historic National Guard armory built in 1918 and located in Hyattsville , Prince George 's County , Maryland , United States .
Vasilikades ( Greek : Βασιλικάδες , also Βασιλικιάδες - Vasilikiades ) is a village in the Erisos region in north Kefalonia , a western Greek island .
Hartekamp , or Hartecamp , is the name of a villa in Heemstede , the Netherlands , on the Bennebroek border .
Stary Pożóg ( ˈstarɨ ˈpɔʐuk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskowola , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Tribulauns are three peaks of the Stubai Alps on the border between Tyrol , Austria , and South Tyrol , Italy .
Corfton is a small village in Shropshire , England , located 4.5 miles ( 7.2 km ) east of Craven Arms and 7.5 miles ( 12.1 km ) north of Ludlow , the two nearest towns .
La Cité - Limoilou is the central borough of Quebec City , the oldest ( in terms of architecture ) , and the most populous , comprising 21.85 % of the city 's total population .
Ahuravak ( Persian : اهوروك‎ , also Romanized as Āhūravak ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Svindersvik is a well - preserved 18th century country residence in Nacka Municipality , Sweden .
Lgiń ( lɡiɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa , within Wschowa County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Marjanlu ( Persian : مرجانلو‎ , also Romanized as Marjānlū ; also known as Mīrjānlū ) is a village in Shurakat - e Jonubi Rural District , Ilkhchi District , Osku County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Podciernie ( pɔtˈt͡ɕerɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cegłów , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Grand Palais des Champs - Élysées , commonly known as the Grand Palais ( English : Great Palace ) , is a large historic site , exhibition hall and museum complex located at the Champs - Élysées in the 8th arrondissement of Paris , France .
Zarjuiyeh ( Persian : زارجوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Zārjū’īyeh ) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hanshou County ( simplified Chinese : 汉寿县 ; traditional Chinese : 漢壽縣 ; pinyin : Hànshòu Xiàn ) is under the administration of Changde , Hunan province , China .
Qaleh - ye Hajj Zu ol Faqar ( Persian : قلعه حاج ذوالفقار‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Ḩājj Z̄ū ol Faqār ) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 64 , in 12 families .
Korskirken ( lit . The Cross Church ) is a special parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Discovery Ski Area is an alpine ski area near the old mining town of Philipsburg , Montana , off Montana Highway 1 , and is situated along the Pintler Scenic Loop opposite of Georgetown Lake .
City View Junior / Senior High School is a 3A public secondary school in Wichita Falls , Texas ( USA ) .
Skarbiewo ( skarˈbjɛvɔ ) ( German : Scharbendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo , within Bydgoszcz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
WFMT is an FM radio station in Chicago , Illinois , featuring a format of fine arts , classical music programming , and shows exploring such genres as folk and jazz .
The Greenwich Village townhouse explosion occurred on March 6 , 1970 , in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of the New York City borough of Manhattan .
KVUU ( 99.9 FM ) is a Hot AC radio station in the Colorado Springs , Colorado area that is known by its moniker My 99.9 .
Griante is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy , located on the western shore of Lake Como about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northeast of Como between Menaggio ( to the north ) and Tremezzo .
Llanfarian is a village and an electoral ward located in the district county of Ceredigion , Mid - Wales , south of the administrative centre Aberystwyth .
Pima County Courthouse is the former main county courthouse building in downtown Tucson , Arizona .
The Free Will Baptist Church and Cemetery is a historic church property on Church Turn Road in North Islesboro , Maine .
Redondo Beach Unified School District is a school district with approximately 10,000 students headquartered in Redondo Beach , California .
927 Fifth Avenue is an upscale residential apartment building in Manhattan , New York City .
Lavernock ( Welsh : Larnog ) is a hamlet in the Vale of Glamorgan in Wales , lying on the coast 7 miles ( 11 km ) south of Cardiff between Penarth and Sully , and overlooking the Bristol Channel .
Bongajg ( Persian : بن گجگ‎ ) is a village in Nurabad Rural District , in the Central District of Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Choqa Shekar ( Persian : چقاشكر‎ , also Romanized as Choqā Shekar ) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District , in the Central District of Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Quinebaug River Prehistoric Archeological District encompasses a collection of prehistoric archaeological sites near the Quinebaug River in Canterbury , Connecticut .
Morab , India is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka , India . This village is famous for the Muslim festival Moharam .
St. Euphemia 's School and Sisters ' House is a historic school building and convent located at Emmitsburg , Frederick County , Maryland .
Ostdorf is a Swabian village within the city limits of Balingen , Germany .
Borija ( Serbian Cyrillic : Борија ) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Nostra Signora di Guadalupe e San Filippo Martire in Via Aurelia ( Our Lady of Guadalupe and St Philip Martyr in Via Aurelia ) , national church of Mexico in Rome .
Kapan Han ( Macedonian : Капан ан ) is a han ( caravanserai ) in the Old Bazaar of Skopje , Macedonia .
Aquaforte is a Canadian town on the south shore of Newfoundland 's Avalon Peninsula in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Belhurst Castle is a former private residence on the shores of Seneca Lake in Geneva , New York .
Dar Aluiyeh ( Persian : درآلوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Dar Ālū’īyeh ; also known as Dar Ālū ) is a village in Golzar Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tilmanstone is a small village in Kent , in the South East of England , near Eastry , a much bigger and more developed area .
San Michele in Isola is a Roman Catholic church in Venice , northern Italy , located on the Isola di San Michele which houses the cemetery of the city .
The Bouchot is a river in the French region of Lorraine which flows in the Vosges department .
Santa Domenica Vittoria ( Sicilian : Santa Dumìnica ) is a town and comune in the Province of Messina , Sicily , southern Italy .
The Tenney House and Groveland Hotel is a historic site in Federal Point , Florida .
The Eastern Regional Research Center ( ERRC ) is an United States Department of Agriculture laboratory center in Wyndmoor , Pennsylvania .
Biar - e Kord ( Persian : بياركرد‎ , also Romanized as Bīār - e Kord ; also known as Bīār - e Barbar and Beyār - e Barbar ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
De Bilt ( Dutch pronunciation : ( də ˈbɪlt ) ) is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands , in the province of Utrecht .
The Wildwood Correctional Complex , located three miles north of Kenai , Alaska , is a complex of correctional facilities housing a total of about 360 prisoners and under the jurisdiction of the Alaska Department of Corrections .
Dziuchów ( ˈd͡ʑuxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kyarakoppa is small village in newly created taluk Kittur ( before it was part of Bailhongal ) of Belgaum district in North Karnataka , India .
The Quai Voltaire is a street located in the 7th arrondissement of Paris .
Darbast - e Yek ( Persian : داربست 1‎ , also Romanized as Dārbast - e Yek ; also known as Dār Bast and Dārbast - e Bālā ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Tote Hotel ( 1980 ) is a hotel , pub , bar and music venue on 71 Johnston Street , the corner of Johnston and Wellington Streets , in Collingwood , an inner city suburb of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Strother Field ( IATA : WLD , ICAO : KWLD , FAA LID : WLD ) is a public airport located in Cowley County , Kansas , United States .
Niezabyszewo ( ɲɛzabɨˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Damsdorf ; Kashubian : Niezabëszewò ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Allah Vajeh Sar ( Persian : لله وجه سر‎ , also Romanized as Laleh Vajeh Sar and Laleh Vajh Sar ; also known as Lāleh Bacheh Sar ) is a village in Dehgah Rural District , Kiashahr District , Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The commune of Tumaraa is located on the island of Raiatea , in the administrative subdivision of the Leeward Islands , themselves part of the Society Islands .
Cattus Island Park , also known as Cattus Island is a 530 acres ( 2 km2 ) passive recreational park located in Toms River , New Jersey .
The Naomi Mine explosion occurred on December 1 , 1907 , in the Naomi Mine , approximately 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) from Fayette City , Pennsylvania .
Museum of Eroticism ( French : Musée de l'érotisme ) is a sex museum in Paris devoted to the erotic art collections of antique dealer Alain Plumey and French teacher Jo Khalifa .
Altinum ( modern Altino , a frazione of Quarto d'Altino ) is the name of an ancient coastal town of the Veneti 15 km SE of the modern Treviso , northern Italy , on the edge of the lagoons .
Tanak - e Sofla ( Persian : طناك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ţanāk - e Soflá ; also known as Tanāk - e Pā’īn and Ţanāk - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Mud Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mount Gordon Airport ( IATA : GPD , ICAO : YGON ) is serving the Mount Gordon Mine , Queensland , Australia .
Garrett State Forest is a located in the state of Maryland northwest of Oakland .
Merrill College is a residential college at the University of California , Santa Cruz .
Hasbasheh ( Persian : حسبشه‎ ) is a village in Chahriq Rural District , Kuhsar District , Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Zuoying District ( Chinese : 左營區 ; pinyin : Zuǒyíng Qū ; Wade -- Giles : Tso3-ying2 Ch'ü1 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Chó - iâⁿ-khu ) is a district of Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan .
Sutton Scarsdale is a very small village in Derbyshire , England .
Centrepointe Theatre is a 966-seat publicly owned performance hall located in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
The David and Alfred Smart Museum of Art is an art museum located on the campus of the University of Chicago in Chicago , Illinois .
The Rock Fort Campsite is a natural fortification on the south shore of the Columbia River in The Dalles , Oregon , United States .
Waalre ( pronunciation ) is an affluent municipality and town in the province of North Brabant in the southern Netherlands , immediately south of the city of Eindhoven .
The Trinchera Cave Archeological District ( 5LA9555 ) is an archaeological site in Las Animas County , Colorado with artifacts primarily dating from 1000 BC to AD 1749 , although there were some Archaic period artifacts found .
Hummel Field ( FAA LID : W75 ) is a public use airport located six nautical miles ( 11 km ) east of the central business district of Saluda , in Middlesex County , Virginia , United States .
Pingjiang District ( simplified Chinese : 平江区 ; traditional Chinese : 平江區 ; pinyin : Píngjiāng Qū ) is a former district of Suzhou in Jiangsu Province .
Tsing Kwai Highway ( Chinese : 青葵公路 ; pinyin : Qīngkuí Gōnglù ; Cantonese Yale : ching1 kwai4 gung1 lou6 ) is a section of Route 3 in Hong Kong , previously known as Route 3 - Kwai Chung Section .
Power Memorial Academy ( PMA ) was an all - boys Catholic high school in New York City that operated from 1931 through 1984 .
Massa Fiscaglia is a former comune ( municipality ) , now in the municipality of Fiscaglia in the Province of Ferrara in the Italian region Emilia - Romagna , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northeast of Bologna and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) east of Ferrara .
Baltimore City Public Schools , also referred to as Baltimore City Public School System , BCPSS , BCPS and City Schools , is a public school district in the state of Maryland , United States .
Cornerstone Church of San Diego is a non - denominational , charismatic megachurch located in National City , California .
The Uintah Basin Medical Center is a non - profit community hospital located in Roosevelt , Utah , United States .
Khahki - ye Chitab ( Persian : خهكي چيتاب‎ , also Romanized as khahkī - ye Chītāb ) is a village in Kabgian Rural District , Kabgian District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Chhai Pokhar or Chah Pokhar/ Chhah Pokhar ( छः पोखर ) is a village in the district of Agra in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
TD Arena is a 5,100 seat multi - purpose arena in Charleston , South Carolina , United States that opened in 2008 and replaced John Kresse Arena as the home of the College of Charleston Cougars basketball and volleyball teams .
CKBF - FM is a Canadian radio station , which broadcasts at 104.1 FM and online at CFB Suffield in the province of Alberta .
Radolfzell am Bodensee is a town in Germany at the western end of Lake Constance approximately 18 km northwest of Konstanz .
Dolna Grupa ( ˈdɔlna ˈɡrupa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Long Trail School is an independent college - preparatory coeducational day school serving students 6 - 12 located in Dorset , Vermont , United States .
Rahmatabad - e Do ( Persian : رحمت اباد2‎ , also Romanized as Raḩmatābād - e Do ; also known as Raḩmatābād ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Chimboy District ( Uzbek : Chimboy tumani , Karakalpak : Shımbay rayonı ) is a district of Karakalpakstan in Uzbekistan .
Timoleague ( Irish : Tigh Molaige , meaning `` house of Molaga '' ) is a village in the eastern division of Carbery East in County Cork , Ireland , located along Ireland 's southern coast near Courtmacsherry .
Pontnewynydd is a predominantly working class suburb of Pontypool , Torfaen , in Wales .
Lakeville State Hospital is a historic tuberculosis sanitarium hospital located in Lakeville , Massachusetts .
Yeovil Without is a civil parish in the South Somerset district of Somerset , England .
Uchtepa ( also spelled Uch Tepa ) is one of 11 districts ( tuman ) of Tashkent , the capital of Uzbekistan .
Mingaladon Township ( Burmese : မင်္ဂလာဒုံ မြို့နယ် ( mɪ̀ɴɡəlàdóʊɴ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is located in the northernmost part of Yangon , Myanmar .
The Kazimierz Palace ( Polish : Pałac Kazimierzowski ) is a building in Warsaw , Poland , adjacent to the Royal Route , at Krakowskie Przedmieście 26/28 .
Rochester College is a four - year , liberal arts college located in Rochester Hills , Michigan ; a northern suburb of Detroit .
The Ulster Volunteer Force ( UVF ) is an Ulster loyalist paramilitary group in Northern Ireland .
Blaubeuren is a town in the district of Alb - Donau near Ulm in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Koyalagudem is a village of Choutuppal mandal in the Nalgonda district in Telangana .
Nowy Oryszew ( ˈnɔvɨ ɔˈrɨʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kaluj Gavabar ( Persian : كلوج گوابر‎ , also Romanized as Kalūj Gavābar ) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District , Chaboksar District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Cheung Pei Shan Road ( Chinese : 象鼻山路 ) is a road near Cheung Pei Shan in Tsuen Wan and Sheung Kwai Chung of Hong Kong .
Quendon and Rickling is a civil parish in the Uttlesford district of Essex , England with an area of 2,048 acres .
Bissom is a hamlet in south Cornwall , England , United Kingdom situated half - a - mile east of Penryn .
Torre de Collserola ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈtorə ðə kuʎsəˈɾɔɫə ) ) is a uniquely designed tower located on the Tibidabo hill in the Serra de Collserola , in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Bluff Lake Nature Center is a 123-acre ( 50 ha ) wildlife refuge and environmental education center in Denver , Colorado , located along Sand Creek on the eastern edge of the former Stapleton International Airport .
Bagh - e Gil ( Persian : باغ گيل‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Gīl ) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Trębki ( ˈtrɛmpki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tall - e Pahn ( Persian : تل پهن‎ ) is a village in Balvard Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Tawes Fine Arts Building , also known as Tawes Theatre and Tawes Hall , is the home of the University of Maryland 's Department of English and is the former home of the Department of Theatre and the School of Music .
Tajanak - e Sofla ( Persian : تجنك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Tajanak - e Soflá ) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ligny ( in wallon Ligné ) is a village in the municipality of Sombreffe ( in the province of Namur ) , France .
The Stone Harbor School District is a community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Stone Harbor , in Cape May County , New Jersey , United States .
The A. B. Brown Generating Station is a four - unit , 700-MW power generating facility , located on the northern bank of Ohio river , 8 miles east of Mount Vernon , Indiana and 5 miles southwest of Evansville , Indiana just west of the Posey - Vanderburgh County Line .
Aliabad - e Jahr ( Persian : علي ابادجهر‎ , also Romanized as ' ' Alīābād - e Jahr ; also known as `` Alīābād - e Jar ) is a village in Zangiabad Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lake Merced is a freshwater lake in the southwest corner of San Francisco , in the U.S. state of California .
Golden Triangle Mall is an enclosed , single - level , shopping mall located at the intersection of Loop 288 and I-35E in Denton , Texas .
Magic Dam is an earthen embankment dam across the Big Wood River in southwestern Blaine County , Idaho , in the United States , about 40 miles ( 64 km ) north of Twin Falls .
Menterwolde ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌmɛntərˈʋɔldə ) ) is a municipality in the province of Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands .
Sufiyah ( Persian : صوفيه‎ , also Romanized as Şūfīyah ; also known as Al Başūf and Boşūf ) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Plainfield Armory is an armory in located at 7th and Leland Avenues in Plainfield , New Jersey .
Si Abdelghani is a town and commune in Tiaret Province in north - western Algeria .
The Cahaba Basin is a geologic area of central Alabama developed for coal and coalbed methane ( CBM ) production .
Mile Elm is a hamlet in central Wiltshire , England , with a population of around 40 residents .
CHPL - FM is a new french - language community radio station which will operate at 92.1 MHz ( FM ) in Plamondon - Lac La Biche , Alberta , Canada .
Wimpole is a village and civil parish in South Cambridgeshire , England , about 8 1⁄2 miles ( 13.7 km ) southwest of Cambridge .
Pattihan Bazar ( Persian : پتي هان بازار‎ , also Romanized as Pattīhān Bāzār ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Juszczyna ( juʂˈt͡ʂɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziechowy - Wieprz , within Żywiec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Alpavat ( Persian : الپاوت‎ , also Romanized as Alpāvat and Ālpāvot ) is a village in Mavazekhan - e Sharqi Rural District , Khvajeh District , Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Warszyce ( varˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Brooks derailment was a rail accident that occurred in Brooks , Bullitt County , Kentucky , United States , about 10 miles south of Louisville .
Svojšín ( German Schweißing ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Tachov District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Tims Ford Lake is a reservoir run by the Tennessee Valley Authority in southern middle Tennessee .
The Schwarzwald - Querweg Freiburg - Bodensee ( `` Trans - Black Forest trail from Freiburg to Lake Constance '' ) is a long - distance footpath that runs in an east -- west direction in the Black Forest region of Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Rimaleh ( Persian : ريمله‎‎ , also Romanized as Rīmaleh and Rīmleh ; also known as Rapamleh ) is a village in Robat Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Timberland Shop Heliport ( FAA LID : 65OR ) is a private heliport located 2 miles northwest of Ashland in Jackson County , Oregon , USA .
The Museum für Luftfahrt und Technik Wernigerode is an aviation museum located in the German town of Wernigerode near Halberstadt .
A.C. Guards is the name of the locality in the city of Hyderabad , capital city of Telangana .
Holy Cross of San Antonio , is a Catholic , Coeducational , college preparatory middle and high school located on the west side of San Antonio , Texas , in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Antonio .
Hayaviyeh ( Persian : حياويه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩayāvīyeh and Ḩayāvīyyeh ) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Brest Region or Brest Oblast or Brest Voblast ( Belarusian : Брэ́сцкая во́бласць ; Bresckaja vobłasć ; Russian : Бре́стская о́бласть ) is one of the regions of Belarus .
Scheveningse Voetbal Vereniging Scheveningen , known as SVV Scheveningen is a football club from Scheveningen ( The Hague ) , the Netherlands .
Kullihoma Grounds consists of 1500-acres owned by the Chickasaw Nation , located 10 miles from Ada , Oklahoma ( 34 ° 42′32.983``N 96 ° 24′21.461''W ) .
Kuyeh - ye Olya ( Persian : كويه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Kūyeh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 295 , in 104 families .
Shelangerd ( Persian : شلنگرد‎ ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Interurban Bridge , also known as the Ohio Electric Railroad Bridge .
Owzadar ( Persian : اوزدر‎ ) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
A. W. Gribble Farm , also known as Deerwood Farm , is a historic house and farm located near Pisgah , Preston County , West Virginia .
Asemanabad ( Persian : آسمان آباد‎ , also Romanized as Āsemānābād ) is a city in the Central District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Northpoint Bible College ( NPBC ) , formerly known as Zion Bible College , is a Bible college in Haverhill , Massachusetts .
Gariv Deh ( Persian : گريوده‎ , also Romanized as Garīv Deh ; also known as Garīv and Geryeh Deh ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Soldiers Chapel is a non - denominational Christian memorial chapel in Big Sky , Gallatin County , Montana , USA , dedicated in 1955 by the Nelson Story family in tribute to a fallen family member of the 163rd Infantry Regiment .
Südende station is on the Anhalt Suburban Line in the former villa estate ( Villenkolonien ) of Südende in the suburb of Steglitz in the Berlin borough of Steglitz - Zehlendorf .
Naluvedapathy is a coastal village in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Riverhead Raceway is a quarter - mile oval race track with a Figure 8 course , located in Riverhead , New York .
Michałopol ( mixaˈwɔpɔl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Maclure Glacier ( also McClure Glacier ) is on Mount Maclure in the Sierra Nevada crest of Yosemite National Park in Tuolumne County , California , United States .
WACK ( 1420 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a news talk information format and licensed to Newark , New York , USA .
Cape Flinders is a headland in the northern Canadian territory of Nunavut .
Eastern Intermediate High School was a public high school that served students in grades nine to ten from three communities in Camden County , New Jersey , United States , as part of the Eastern Camden County Regional High School District .
Farleigh Wallop is a small village and civil parish in Hampshire , England , approximately 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) south of Basingstoke on the slopes of Farleigh Hill ( 208 m ) .
The Xinguang Bridge is an arch bridge located in Guangzhou , Guangdong , China .
The Z Rink was an indoor roller hockey facility located in Glastonbury , Connecticut ( a suburb of Hartford ) , in the United States .
WVVS - FM ( 90.9 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a college radio format , and licensed to serve Valdosta , Georgia , USA .
Area code 909 is a California telephone area code that covers far eastern Los Angeles County and southwestern San Bernardino County .
The Ripley Wind Power Project is a 76 megawatt ( MW ) wind power project near Ripley , Ontario .
Cadeleigh is a small village in the county of Devon in England .
Chiasi ( Persian : چياسي‎ , also Romanized as Chīāsī ; also known as Gāvdārī Āmarāyī and Choqā Sīāh ) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sanchuliabad ( Persian : سنچولي اباد‎ , also Romanized as Sanchūlīābād ; also known as Sanchūlīābād - e Qalamī ) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Stebonheath Park ( Welsh : Parc Stebonheath ) is a multi - use stadium in Llanelli , West Wales with a capacity of 3,700 .
Gorysze ( ɡɔˈrɨʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pyramid Creek Falls Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the east side of the North Thompson River between the towns of Blue River ( S ) and Valemount ( N ) .
Horsefly Lake is a lake in the eastern Cariboo region of the Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
The Ida County Courthouse , located in Ida Grove , Iowa , United States , was built in 1883 .
Firuz Kandeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : فيروزكنده سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Fīrūz Kandeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Fīrūz Kandeh - ye Pā’īn and Pā’īn Maḩalleh - ye Fīrūz Kandeh ) is a village in Rudpey - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tyrszeliny ( tɨrʂɛˈlinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolsko , within Nowa Sól County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
It constitutes about half of the territory of the Arrondissement of Bandafassi of the Kédougou Department , eastern Senegal , The area constitutes the Bandafassi DSS ( demographics surveillance site ) of the INDEPTH Network .
The Mvog - Betsi Zoo is located in Yaoundé , Cameroon and is administered by the Ministry of Forestry and Fauna ( MINFOF ) ( formerly the Ministry of Environments and Forests ( MINEF ) ) in Cameroon .
KOKK ( 1210 AM , `` Dakota Country '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Huron , South Dakota .
Ryd Abbey or Rüde Abbey ( Danish : Ryd Kloster ; German : Rüdekloster ; Latin : Rus regis ) was a Cistercian monastery in Munkbrarup that formerly occupied the present site of Glücksburg Castle in Glücksburg on the Flensburg Fjord in the Schleswig - Flensburg district of Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Löwenstedt ( Danish : Lyngsted or Lyngsæd ) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Letterston ( Welsh : Treletert ) is a rapidly growing village and local government community in the north of the county of Pembrokeshire , southwest Wales between Haverfordwest 10 miles ( 16 km ) south and Fishguard 6 1⁄2 miles ( 10 km ) north on the A40 road .
Sabur - e Bozorg ( Persian : صبوربزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Şabūr - e Bozorg ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Nadbrzeże ( nadˈbʐɛʐɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tolkmicko , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Malqarani ( Persian : ملقرني‎ , also Romanized as Malqaranī and Malqarānī ) is a village in Tamugheh Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Spurstow is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England , which is located 6½ miles to the north west of Nantwich .
The Portage Lake Observatory ( PLO ) was an astronomical observatory owned and operated by the University of Michigan ( UM ) .
' Hognaston is a small village and civil parish in Derbyshire , East Midlands , England .
Dacun Township ( Chinese : 大村鄉 ; pinyin : Dàcūn Xiāng ) is a rural township in Changhua County , Taiwan .
W243CE FM 96.5 ( `` Vida 96.5 '' ) , is a Spanish - language music radio station having Winder , Georgia as its city of license , and previously transmitting from west - northwest of Winder , about halfway to Auburn , Georgia .
Andersen Air Force Base ( AFB ) ( IATA : UAM , ICAO : PGUA , FAA LID : UAM ) is a United States Air Force ( USAF ) base located approximately 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) northeast of Yigo near Agafo Gumas in the United States territory of Guam .
Paskudy ( pasˈkudɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan - Majorat , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Skogn Station ( Norwegian : Skogn stasjon ) is a railway station located in the village of Skogn in the municipality of Levanger in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Bineh Gerd ( Persian : بينه گرد‎ , also Romanized as Bīneh Gerd ; also known as Bīn - e Gerd and Bīnegerd ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Sutton Peak is a mountain on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located 32 km ( 20 mi ) northwest of Gold River and 10 km ( 6 mi ) west of Victoria Peak .
The Shire of Dalwallinu is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , about 250 kilometres ( 155 mi ) NNE of Perth , the state capital .
The Oosterenkstadion was the stadium of Dutch football club FC Zwolle .
The Polnische Schul ( Pronunciation : ( ˈpɔlnɪʃə ) ( ' ʃuːl ) , Polish : Synagoga Polska w Wiedniu , English : `` Polish synagogue '' ) was a synagogue in Leopoldsgasse , Vienna .
It is the principal town of Kyunsu Township in Myeik District which since 1990 has covered much of the archipelago .
Marksewo ( markˈsɛvɔ ) ( German : Markshöfen ; until 1938 : Alt Marxöwen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Newmill - on - Teviot , commonly called Newmill , is a hamlet in the Scottish Borders , 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) south of Hawick on the River Teviot .
Mercer Lake , also known as Lake Mercer , is a man - made lake within Mercer County Park in West Windsor , Mercer County , New Jersey , United States .
The Sago Mine disaster was a coal mine explosion on January 2 , 2006 , in the Sago Mine in Sago , in Upshur County , West Virginia , USA , near the county seat of Buckhannon .
Dalgan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دلگان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Mikaszówka ( mikaˈʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Didsbury ( Vertical Extreme Skydiving ) Aerodrome ( TC LID : CDV4 ) was located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) south southeast of Didsbury , Alberta , Canada .
Mae Thom ( Thai : แม่ทอม ) is a subdistrict ( Tambon ) in Bang Klam District , Songkhla , Thailand .
Septimania covered the Aude but also the whole region of Languedoc - Roussillon .
Kiermusy ( kʲɛrˈmusɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Southern Lyon County USD 252 is a Unified School District serving south Lyon County , Kansas , United States , and the Emporia , Kansas micropolitan area .
Kauchuk Factory Club ( Russian : Клуб завода `` Каучук '' ) is a 1927 - 1929 constructivist public building designed by Konstantin Melnikov , located in Khamovniki District of Moscow , Russia on the edge of Devichye Pole park and medical campus at 64 , Plyshikha Street .
The James Smith First Nation is a Cree First Nation band government whose reserve is in Melfort , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Qeshlaq - e Najaf ( Persian : قشلاق نجف‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Najaf and Qeshlaq Najaf ; also known as Qeshlāq - e Najafbeh ) is a village in Khezel - e Sharqi Rural District , Khezel District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Slochteren ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈslɔxtərən ) ) is a village and municipality with a population of 15,546 in the province of Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands .
Midale , Saskatchewan is located on Highway 39 , midway between the cities of Weyburn and Estevan .
Chaboillez Square ( French : Square Chaboillez ) is a town square located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Ridgway Reservoir is a lake impounded by Ridgway Dam on the Uncompahgre River north of the town of Ridgway in Ouray County , Colorado in the western United States .
Warchały ( varˈxawɨ ) ( German : Warchallen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gitsegukla ( also Kitsegeucla or Skeena Crossing ) is a Gitxsan community of about 500 at the confluence of the Kitseguecla and Skeena Rivers , approximately 40 km southwest of Hazelton , British Columbia .
Tuek Chhou District ( Khmer : ស្រុកទឹកឈូ ) is a district located in Kampot Province , in southern Cambodia .
Leliu Subdistrict ( Chinese : 勒流街道 ; pinyin : Lèliú Jiēdào ; Jyutping : lak6lau4 gaai1dou6 ) is a subdistrict of Shunde District , Foshan , Guangdong , China .
Cerritos College is a public comprehensive community college located in Norwalk , California .
The Meetinghouse is a historic house on Monument Square in Hollis , New Hampshire .
Rumand ( Persian : رومند‎ , also Romanized as Rūmand ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
525 Market Street , also known as First Market Tower , is an office skyscraper at the southwest corner of First- and Market Streets in the financial district of San Francisco , California .
Søhøjlandet lies within Central Denmark Region in eastern Jutland and comprise Silkeborg Municipality , Aarhus Municipality , Samsø Municipality , Odder Municipality , Skanderborg Municipality , the northern part of Horsens Municipality and smaller parts of Hedensted Municipality and Favrskov Municipality .
Gholdigrui is a village under Pursurah legislative assembly , District- Hooghly , West Bengal , India .
North West Cape is a peninsula in the north - west of Western Australia .
Zeals is a village and civil parish in southwest Wiltshire , England .
Marin Catholic High School ( familiarly known as MC ) is a Roman Catholic college preparatory school located in unincorporated Kentfield in Marin County , California .
Westford Academy is the public high school ( grades 9 - 12 ) for the town of Westford , Massachusetts .
Fiesta Mall is a regional shopping center in the U.S. city of Mesa , Arizona ( part of the Phoenix metropolitan area ) .
Antoniki ( antɔˈɲikʲi ) ( Ukrainian : Антоники , Antonyky ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Lake Wawasee , formerly Turkey Lake , is a natural lake southeast of Syracuse in Kosciusko County , Indiana , United States .
Kazimierza County ( Polish : powiat kazimierski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , south - central Poland .
Chenega Island is an island of Aleuts in Prince William Sound in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Małe Raczki ( ˈmawɛ ˈrat͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Soko Islands ( Chinese : 索罟群島 ) are a group of islands in Hong Kong .
Dreństwo ( ˈdrɛɲstvɔ ) ( also : Dręstwo ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Worcester Historical Museum , located in downtown Worcester , Massachusetts , was founded in 1875 as the Worcester Society of Antiquity .
The MIT Endicott House is a conference center located in Dedham , Massachusetts , about 10 miles ( 16 km ) south - west from downtown Boston .
Wilstone is the name of an English village and a reservoir approximately two miles north - west of Tring , Hertfordshire .
The Gare du Sud is a former French railway station located in the Libération quarter of the city of Nice in south - east France .
Lords Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge in Bottineau and Rolette counties , North Dakota .
Lake Van Arsdale , also known as Van Arsdale Reservoir , is a reservoir on the Eel River in California , part of the Potter Valley Project .
The Art Institute of Tampa is a Tampa , Florida branch of The Art Institutes , a system of more than 40 educational institutions located throughout North America , providing education in design , media arts , fashion and culinary arts .
WLIT - FM 93.9 FM , ( `` 93.9 My FM '' ) is a radio station licensed to Chicago , Illinois , featuring a format of Mainstream AC music .
The Cliveden ( Chinese : 寶雲匯 ) is a private housing estate in mid - level of Route Twisk , Tsuen Wan , New Territories , Hong Kong , next to The Cairnhill .
The Latvian National Opera ( LNO , Latvijas Nacionālā opera ) , Riga , is the national opera of Latvia .
Jonquière ( /ʒɒŋˈkjɛər/ ; French pronunciation : ​(ʒɔ̃kjɛʁ ) ; 2011 population : 54,072 ) is a borough ( arrondissement ) of the city of Saguenay in the Saguenay--
The Skidompha Public Library is the public library serving Damariscotta , Maine , Newcastle , Maine , and Nobleboro , Maine .
Charbhuja is a famous temple of the lord Vishnu in the Garhbor village in the Kumbhalgarh tehsil of Rajsamand district in the state of Rajasthan , India .
The French Island Marine National Park is a protected marine national park in Western Port , Victoria , Australia .
Khak - e Sefid - e Bala ( Persian : خاك سفيدبالا‎ , also Romanized as Khāk - e Sefīd - e Bālā ; also known as Khāk - e Sefīd and Khāk Sefīd ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Jafar ( Persian : كلاته جعفر‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Jaʿfar ) is a village in Radkan Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Khushpur is a village located in Samundri Tehsil of Faisalabad District in the province of Punjab in Pakistan .
Santa Maria dello Spasimo , or Lo Spasimo , is an unfinished Catholic church in the Kalsa neighborhood in Palermo , Sicily , on Via dello Spasimo .
Grid Nie Mountain is located in Litang County , Sichuan province in China , and rises 6,224 metres ( 20,420 ft ) above sea level .
Dar Eshgaft - e Baba Bahram ( Persian : دراشگفت بابابهرام‎ , also Romanized as Dar Eshgaft - e Bābā Bahrām ) is a village in Malavi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Choctaw Capitol Building is a historic site in Pushmataha County , Oklahoma two miles north of Tuskahoma , Oklahoma .
Ularice ( Cyrillic : Уларице ) is a village in the municipality of Doboj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Daly Waters Airfield was an airfield located at Daly Waters , Northern Territory , Australia .
Lookout Place or Fort Hill ( also known as Fort Izard ) was an American Revolutionary War British garrison , or earthen mound - fortress roughly 44 feet square at the top of La Tourette Hill in Historic Richmondtown , Staten Island , New York .
Siennica - Święchy ( ɕenˈnit͡sa ˈɕfjɛ̃xɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew - Osada , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Lincluden Collegiate Church , known earlier as Lincluden Priory or Lincluden Abbey , is a ruined religious house , situated to the north of the Royal Burgh of Dumfries , Scotland .
Lago Retico is a lake in the canton Ticino , Switzerland .
Monson High School is a school of about 400 students located in Monson , Massachusetts .
Borj Hajji Mohammad Taqi ( Persian : برج حاجي محمدتقي‎ , also Romanized as Borj Ḩājjī Moḩammad Taqī ; also known as Borj Ḩājj - e Moḩammad Taqī ) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Leros ( Greek : Λέρος ) is a Greek island and municipality in the Dodecanese in the southern Aegean Sea .
The Fort White Public School Historic District is a U.S. historic district ( designated on December 1 , 1989 ) located in Fort White , Florida .
Heritage Christian University is an undergraduate and graduate university in Florence , Alabama .
Puchowa Góra ( puˈxɔva ˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłoń , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Brdarići ( Serbian : Брдарићи ) is a village in the municipality of Pale , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Lövånger is a locality situated in Skellefteå Municipality , Västerbotten County , Sweden with 761 inhabitants in 2010 .
The White Kei River or Wit - Kei River ( Afrikaans : Wit - Keirivier ) is a river in the Eastern Cape , South Africa .
Lavar - e Gol ( Persian : لاورگل‎ , also Romanized as Lāvar - e Gol and Lāvar Gol ) is a village in Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Odalmelech is a striking prehistoric large carved stone face of a god - king , and surrounding garden with additional carved stones , in Melekeok , on Babelthuap island of the nation of Palau .
Zuma Beach is a county beach located at 30000 Pacific Coast Highway ( PCH ) in Malibu , California .
Murialdo ( Ligurian : Moriaodo ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) west of Genoa and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) west of Savona .
The Beckley Courthouse Square Historic District is a 70-acre ( 28 ha ) historic district in Beckley , West Virginia that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 .
The West Farnam neighborhood or the Blackstone neighborhood in Omaha , Nebraska is located from Dodge Street on the north to Leavenworth Street on the south , Highway 75/Interstate 480 on the east to South 52nd Street on the west .
The Aaron A. Sargent House was built prior to 1856 , and is located in Nevada City , California at 449 Broad Street .
Burnt Oak Brook is a one - mile - long stream between Mill Hill and Burnt Oak in the London Borough of Barnet .
Mohammad Mirzai ( Persian : محمدميرزايي‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Mīrzā’ī ) is a village in Khaveh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Broward Health , formerly the North Broward Hospital District , is one of the 10 largest health systems in the U.S. Located in Broward County , Florida , Broward Health has the county 's first certified stroke center and only liver transplant program .
Ujezna ( uˈjɛzna ) ( Ukrainian : Уєзна , Uyezna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworsk , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Mehdishahr County ( Persian : ) شهرستان مهدی‌شهر‎ ) is a county in Semnan Province in Iran .
Piamen - e Sofla ( Persian : پيامن سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Pīāmen - e Soflá ) is a village in Zardalan Rural District , Helilan District , Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Harris Station Dam is a hydroelectric dam in Northeast Somerset , Somerset County , Maine .
Mittelsachsen ( `` Central Saxony '' ) is a district ( Kreis ) in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Teapot Rock is a distinctive sedimentary rock formation in Natrona County , Wyoming that lent its name to a nearby oil field that became notorious as the focus of a bribery scandal during the Presidential administration of Warren G. Harding , the Teapot Dome scandal .
Reedy Lake , historically also known as Lake Reedy , is a shallow 5.5-square - kilometre ( 2.1 sq mi ) intermittent freshwater lake or swamp on the lower reaches of the Barwon River , on the Bellarine Peninsula southeast of Geelong in the Australian state of Victoria .
Saskatoon John G. Diefenbaker International Airport ( IATA : YXE , ICAO : CYXE ) , is an international airport located in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Kinmel Bay ( Welsh : Bae Cinmel ) in Conwy County Borough , north - east Wales is a suburb of Rhyl , which lies across the River Clwyd in the neighbouring county of Denbighshire .
Lakhnadon is a town and a nagar panchayat in Seoni district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh , and the headquarters of lakhnadon janpad and tahsil .
The Hôpital Européen Georges - Pompidou ( HEGP ) ( Georges Pompidou European Hospital ) is a French hospital located in Paris .
Ghazanchetsots Cathedral ( Armenian : Սուրբ Ղազանչեցոց , Surb Ghazanchetsots ) , also known as the Cathedral of Christ the Holy Savior ( Ղազանչեցոց Սուրբ Ամենափրկիչ Մայր Տաճար Ghazanchets'ots ' Surb Amenap'rkich Mayr Tachar ) , is an Armenian church located in Shusha , Nagorno - Karabakh .
The Huntsville - Decatur - Albertville , AL Combined Statistical Area is the most populated sub - region of North Alabama , and is the second fastest growing region in the State of Alabama , with 679,743 living within the CSA .
The Music Box Theatre is a Broadway theatre located at 239 West 45th Street ( George Abbott Way ) in Midtown Manhattan .
Kruszów ( ˈkruʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn , within Łódź East County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Caithness ( Scottish Gaelic : Gallaibh ( ˈɡ̊al̪ˠɪv ) , Scots : Caitnes ) is a registration county , lieutenancy area and historic local government area of Scotland .
Wamin is a commune in the department of Pas - de - Calais in the Nord - Pas de Calais region in France of France .
Qaleh Mahmud ( Persian : قلعه محمود‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Maḩmūd ) is a village in Anjirabad Rural District , in the Central District of Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,723 , in 422 families .
Kalugasalapuram is a small village in Thoothukudi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Kavar Lavan ( Persian : كاورلوان‎ , also Romanized as Kāvar Lavān ; also known as Kāvareh Lavān , Kāverlāvānd , and Kāwralawān ) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Lake Nemiscau ( in French : Lac Nemiscau ) is a freshwater lake , located in the municipality of Eeyou Istchee James Bay , in the administrative region of Nord - du - Québec , in north - western Quebec , in Canada .
Grant Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KGGF , FAA LID : GGF ) is a city owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) north of the central business district of Grant , a city in Perkins County , Nebraska , United States .
Shah Avazi ( Persian : شاه عوضي‎ , also Romanized as Shāh `` Avazī ; also known as Shāh `` Avaẕ ) is a village in Takht Rural District , Takht District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 97 , in 22 families .
The Mildenberg Brick Work Park is a visitor attraction and museum in Mildenberg , ( Zehdenick ) on the Havel in Brandenburg , Germany .
The Bore Track is a 4WD track in South Australia roughly following the Queensland border from Cameron Corner to Innamincka .
WLJI , known as `` Gospel 98.3 '' , is a full - time urban contemporary gospel station located in the Midlands region of South Carolina .
Ambrì is a Swiss village in the municipality of Quinto , Leventina , Canton of Ticino .
The South Shore Cultural Center , in Chicago , Illinois , is a cultural facility located at 71st Street and South Shore Drive , in the city 's South Shore neighborhood .
Camp George West Historic District or Camp George West ( also known as State Rifle Range;5JF145 ) was a military base for the Colorado National Guard , located at 15000 S. Golden Rd . , Golden , Colorado .
Wola Przemykowska ( ˈvɔla pʂɛmɨˈkɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczurowa , within Brzesko County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Red Mill Burgers is an American restaurant in Seattle , Washington with locations in the Phinney Ridge , Interbay and Ballard neighborhoods .
Sadeqiyeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان صادقيه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Najafabad County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Englefield Green is a large village in northern Surrey , England .
Gleneden Beach State Recreation Site is a state park administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Shapok is a village in Chipwi Township in Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of northeastern Burma .
Taraš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Тараш ) is a village located in the Zrenjanin municipality , in the Central Banat District of Serbia .
Drugnia ( ˈdruɡɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pierzchnica , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Namrud ( Persian : نمرود‎ , also Romanized as Namrūd and Nīmrūd ) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Garmtab - e Olya ( Persian : گرمتاب عليا‎ , also Romanized as Garmtāb - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Shalil Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Eshpala ( Persian : اشپلا‎ , also Romanized as Eshpalā ; also known as Eshbālīq , Eshbelā , Eshīlā , and Ishpala ) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar - e Anzali County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Badam Chaloq ( Persian : بادام چالق‎ , also Romanized as Bādām Chāloq ; also known as Badam Chalegh and Bādām Chālūq ) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District , Nowbaran District , Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Bazuk - e Malek ( Persian : بازوك ملك‎ , also Romanized as Bāzūk - e Malek ) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District , Nir District , Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Bunchrew ( Scottish Gaelic : Bun Chraoibh ) is a small village close to the south shore of Beauly Firth in the Highland council area of Scotland .
The Steppingstone Museum is a non - profit educational and cultural institution , whose mission is to preserve and interpret the rural heritage of Harford County , Maryland .
Mercedes Partido is a partido located in the eastern part of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina .
Duck Mountain Provincial Park is a 1,424 square kilometre provincial park in western Manitoba .
Coulsdon Town railway station serves the northern part of Coulsdon , in the London Borough of Croydon .
The Indies Monument ( Dutch : Indisch Monument ) is a memorial in The Hague in memory of all Dutch citizens and soldiers killed during World War II as a result of the Japanese occupation ( 1941 - -1945 ) .
Wightman School is a building in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , that was built in 1897 .
Sarab - e Saqqa ( Persian : سرابسقا‎‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Saqqā ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Surrey Centre ( French : Surrey - Centre ) is a federal electoral district in British Columbia .
Hosseinabad , Mirjaveh ( Persian : حسین‌آباد ‎ ) is a village in Tamin Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Dobrzanówka ( dɔbʐaˈnufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski in eastern Poland .
Bagni San Filippo is a fraction of the municipality of Castiglione d'Orcia in the Province of Siena , Italy , not far from Monte Amiata .
Kamienica - Majątek ( kamjɛˈnit͡sa maˈjɔntɛk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Burlington Northern Railroad Bridge 5.1 or BNSF Railway Bridge 5.1 , also known as the St. Johns Railroad Bridge or the Willamette River Railroad Bridge , is a through truss railway bridge with a vertical lift that spans the Willamette River in Portland , Oregon , United States .
Narayansthan is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhaulagiri Zone of central Nepal . It is located above the bank of Kali gandaki River .
Šentjungert ( pronounced ( ʃɛntˈjuːŋɡəɾt ) or ( ʃəntˈjuːŋɡəɾt ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia .
Crescent Town is a neighbourhood in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , in the former borough of East York .
Rajec ( -Slovak and Hungarian , German : Rajetz ) is a town in the Žilina District , Žilina Region in northern Slovakia .
Rachel Carson Homestead is a National Register of Historic Places site in Springdale , Pennsylvania , United States , 18 miles northeast of Pittsburgh along the Allegheny River .
Hayfield Secondary School is the oldest secondary school in the Fairfax County Public Schools system of Virginia .
Zereshlu ( Persian : زرشلو‎ , also Romanized as Zereshlū ) is a village in Kolah Boz - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sadayampattu is a village near Kallakurich , an upcoming town in Viluppuram District of Tamil Nadu , India .
The Murrhardt Forest ( German : Murrhardter Wald ) in the Baden - Württemberg county of Rems - Murr - Kreis is part of the natural region known as the Swabian - Franconian Forest .
CHQR is a radio station owned by Corus Entertainment operating in Calgary , Alberta .
Qaanaaq Municipality was the only municipality in the county of North Greenland ( Avannaa ) .
Nasanar ( Persian : نسنار‎ , also Romanized as Nasanār ; also known as Nasbanār ) is a village in Bisaran Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Bellspool is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , near to Drumelzier , Hopcarton and Kingledoors
Fanner 's Green is a hamlet and cul - de - sac road in the Great Waltham civil parish of the Chelmsford district of Essex , England .
Qarah Aghaj - e Sofla ( Persian : قره اغاج سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Āghāj - e Soflá ; also known as Qarah Āqāj - e Soflá and Qareh Āqāj - e Soflá ) is a village in Chaypareh - ye Pain Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Frentress Lake is a backwater lake located on the eastern side of the Mississippi River in Jo Daviess County in northern Illinois , to the southeast of East Dubuque .
Ruttonjee Hospital ( Chinese : 律敦治醫院 ) is a hospital in Wan Chai on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong .
KYIX ( 104.9 FM ) is a repeater station for the Air 1 Radio Network based in Chico , California and licensed to South Oroville , California .
Deutscheinsiedel is a village in the Saxon municipality of Deutschneudorf in the district of Erzgebirgskreis in East Germany .
Ambav is a small village situated in Sangameshwar Taluka of Ratnagiri District in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Barxeta ( Valencian pronunciation : ( baɾˈtʃeta ) , Spanish : Barcheta ) is a municipality in the comarca of Costera in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Tiz Kuh ( Persian : تيزكوه‎ , also Romanized as Tīz Kūh ) is a village in Afin Rural District , Zohan District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Yurtga ( Persian : يورتگا‎ , also Romanized as Yūrtgā ; also known as Yūrgā and Yūrkā ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Białobrzezie ( bjawɔˈbʐɛʑɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Pope Estate is a historic home located in Camp Richardson , near South Lake Tahoe , California .
The Village of Bhasaur is situated on state Highway No . 11 between Dhuri and Maler Kotla towns in Sangrur District of East Punjab .
The Burt County Missouri River Bridge is a continuous truss bridge over the Missouri River connecting Burt County , Nebraska and Monona County , Iowa at Decatur , Nebraska .
Mount Isa ( /ˈaɪzə/ EYE - zə ) is a city in the Gulf Country region of Queensland , Australia .
Kew Palace is a British royal palace in Kew Gardens on the banks of the Thames up river from London .
Jolgeh Anjarak ( Persian : جلگه انجرک ‎ ) is a village in Tamin Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Alefsaneh ( Persian : الفسانه‎ , also Romanized as Alefsāneh ; also known as Alnesāneh ) is a village in Khaveh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Ramsheh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رامشه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Jarqavieh Olya District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Hillsboro Intermodal Transit Facility ( HITF ) is a parking garage with extensive bicycle facilities located in Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Dunnamaggin ( officially Dunnamaggan ; Irish : Dún Iomagáin , meaning `` Fort of Iomagán '' ) is a hamlet in the south County Kilkenny , Republic of Ireland , on the R699 road between Callan and Knocktopher , east of its intersection with the R697 between Kells and Kilmaganny .
Paul Bunyan Land is an amusement park located in Brainerd , Minnesota , on This Old Farm .
Negeri Sembilan ( Malay pronunciation : ( ˈnəgəri səmbiˈlan ) ) , one of Malaysia 's thirteen states , lies on the western coast of Peninsular Malaysia , just south of Kuala Lumpur and borders Selangor on the north , Pahang in the east , and Malacca and Johor to the south .
Lake W. R. Holway is a reservoir in Mayes County , Oklahoma on the Saline Creek arm of Lake Hudson ( Oklahoma ) .
Easton Bavents is a hamlet in Waveney District and the ceremonial county of Suffolk in England .
Żachta ( ˈʐaxta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Fifth Avenue High School is a defunct school located at 1800 Fifth Avenue in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 's Bluff neighborhood , USA .
Paradise Point State Park is an 88-acre ( 36 ha ) Washington state park on the East Fork Lewis River just east of Interstate 5 in Clark County .
Gerli was divided by the creation of the Lanús Partido .
The Hastings Line is a secondary railway line in Kent and East Sussex , England , linking Hastings with the main town of Tunbridge Wells , and from there into London via Tonbridge and Sevenoaks .
1090 Vermont Avenue NW is a high - rise modernist office building in Washington , D.C. , which is tied with the Renaissance Washington DC Hotel as the fourth - tallest commercial building in the city ( as of January 2010 ) .
Whale Lake is a lake in Cook County in what is known as the Arrowhead Region of northern Minnesota .
Tanasi ( also spelled Tanase , Tenasi , Tenassee , Tunissee , Tennessee , and other such variations ) ( Cherokee : ᏔᎾᏏ ) was an historic Overhill Cherokee village site in present - day Monroe County , Tennessee , in the southeastern United States .
Bonneville Speedway is an area of the Bonneville Salt Flats near Wendover , Utah , that is marked out for motor sports .
Bakhshayesh ( Persian : بخشايش‎ ; also Romanized as Bakhshāyesh , Bakhshaish , and Bekhshayesh ) is a city in the Central District of Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Deste Foundation , Centre for Contemporary Art is an arts foundation in Nea Ionia , a northern suburb of Athens , Greece .
Holder 's Green is a hamlet located near the village of Lindsell , in the Uttlesford district , in the county of Essex , England .
Heston is a suburban area of the London Borough of Hounslow , west London .
Gili Karan ( Persian : گيلي كران‎ , also Romanized as Gīlī Karān and Geylī Karān ; also known as Gailikarān , Gelīkarān , Gili Garan , Golī Garān , Kailigiran , and Kīlī Karān ) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District , Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Wijnbergshofje is a hofje in Haarlem , Netherlands , on the Barrevoetstraat .
Madge Lake is located in eastern Saskatchewan , 18 km east of the town of Kamsack and just a few kilometres west of the province 's eastern boundary .
Sand Beach Church is a historic Reformed Church church located in the Town of Fleming near Auburn in Cayuga County , New York .
Sujapur ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is part of No . 8 Maldaha Dakshin ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
The Murphy Trail and Bridge in Utah , USA , were used to move livestock from winter range along the Green River to highland summer range from about 1917 to about 1964 .
Dickey - Stephens Park is a baseball park in North Little Rock , Arkansas , USA .
Bassussarry ( Basque : Basusarri ) is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south - western France .
Abu Arabid ( Persian : ابوعرابيد‎ , also Romanized as Abū `` Arābīd ; also known as Abū `` Arbīdeh ) is a village in Jaffal Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 648 , in 113 families .
Paulsdale , in Mount Laurel Township , Burlington County , New Jersey , United States , was the birthplace and childhood home of Alice Paul , a major leader in the Women 's suffrage movement in the United States .
Kalanpur is a small village in Yamunanagar district in the Indian state of Haryana and it is situated at a distance of 11 km from yamunagar city and 6 km from mustfabad .
Namulonge is located in North Kyaddondo Constituency , Kyaddondo County , Wakiso District , in the Central Region of Uganda .
The Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology in London is part of University College London Museums & Collections .
Pukou District ( simplified Chinese : 浦口区 ; traditional Chinese : 浦口區 ; pinyin : Pǔkǒu Qū ) , is one of 11 districts of Nanjing , the capital of Jiangsu province , China , lying northwest across the Yangtze River from downtown Nanjing .
Wyszecino ( vɨʂɛˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( Kashubian : Wëszecëno ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Luzino , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tashtun ( Armenian : Տաշտուն ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
George L. Brooks School is a historic school building located in the Haddington neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Lakta Sara ( Persian : لاكتاسرا‎ , also Romanized as Lāktār Sarā ) is a village in Gil Dulab Rural District , in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Feroke is a Municipality and a part of Kozhikode metropolitan area under Kozhikode Development Authority ( K.D.A ) in the Kozhikode district of the Indian state of Kerala .
Hillhampton is a hamlet and civil parish ( with Great Witley ) nestled between Great Witley , Little Witley and Shrawley in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire , England .
The Hockley Valley Resort is a ski retreat , golf course , conference centre , and hotel in Mono , Ontario , Canada .
The Cann Memorial Botanical Gardens ( 4 hectares / 10 acres ) are botanical gardens located at 1500 East Grand Avenue , Ponca City , Oklahoma , USA .
Davenport Hose Station No . 3 is located in a commerial area on the east side of Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Abu Jalal - e Jonubi ( Persian : ابوجلال جنوبي‎ , also Romanized as Abū Jalāl - e Jonūbī and Abū Jalāl - e Janūbī ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Dasht - e Azadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Garmirkush ( Persian : گرمیرکوش‎ , also Romanized as Garmīrḵūsh ) is a village in Mazu Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ruyton - XI - Towns ( /ˌraɪtən ᵻˈlɛvən taʊnz/ `` ryetən eleven towns '' ) , formally Ruyton of the Eleven Towns or simply Ruyton , is a large village and civil parish in Shropshire , England .
Bolshaya Nikitskaya Street ( Russian : Большая Никитская улица , Nikitskaya Ulitsa ) is a radial street that runs west from Mokhovaya Street to Garden Ring in Moscow , between Vozdvizhenka Street ( south ) and Tverskaya Street ( north ) .
The Kales Building is a high - rise apartment building in downtown Detroit , Michigan .
Lábrea ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈlabɾjɐ ) ) is the southernmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Amazonas .
The Garden of One Thousand Buddhas is a spiritual site near Arlee , Montana , within the Flathead Indian Reservation in Lake County , Montana .
Maheshwara Engineering College ( MEC , Hindi : महेश्वर इंजीनियरिंग कॉलेज ) Formerly known as Jatipita College of Engineering is located in Patancheru , Hyderabad .
Bazarnag ( Persian : بازرنگ‎ , also Romanized as Bāzarnag ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Dortmund University of Applied Sciences and Arts ( German : Fachhochschule Dortmund ) is a Fachhochschule in Dortmund , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany with 12,300 students , and 669 staff , 232 of which are professors .
Skowroda Południowa ( skɔˈvrɔda pɔwudˈɲɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chąśno , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Birdhana is a village in Jhajjar Mandal , Jhajjar District in Haryana , India .
The Oberhof Ballenstedt is a stately home next to the town hall in Ballenstedt in the German state of Saxony - Anhalt .
Bechcice - Parcela ( bɛxˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ parˈt͡sɛla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
New Century Guild , headquartered in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , is one of the earliest , largest , and most successful organizations of the many created across the country in the late 19th century that have dealt with the problems that arose as women in considerable numbers entered the labor force .
About half of the Camas National Wildlife Refuge in southeastern Idaho consists of lakes , ponds , and marshlands ; the remainder is grass sagebrush uplands , meadows , and farm fields .
Stone Mountain Arts Center ( SMAC ) , located in Brownfield , Maine , is an intimate performance hall situated in the foothills of the White Mountains .
Barañáin ( in Spanish ) or Barañain ( in Euskera ) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
It is homonymous with a hamlet in Seine - et - Marne , Aubervilliers , and Auberville in Normandy ( the others are explained by the Old Norse personal name Osbern giving Auber , the name of a Norman family ) .
The Mall at Mill Creek , formerly known as Mill Creek Mall , is a one - story regional shopping mall located in Secaucus , New Jersey in the New Jersey Meadowlands .
Rosaryville State Park is a Maryland state park in Rosaryville , three miles southeast of the Joint Base Andrews Naval Air Facility ( formerly Andrews Air Force Base ) in Prince George 's County .
Judar ( Persian : جودر‎ , also Romanized as Jūdar and Jowdar ; also known as Jow Darreh and Chūdar ) is a village in Gifan Rural District , Garmkhan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dęborzyn ( dɛmˈbɔʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jodłowa , within Dębica County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Chapel Christian Academy was an educational ministry of Limerick Chapel in Limerick Township , Pennsylvania .
Ab Lishu ( Persian : اب ليشو‎ , also Romanized as Āb Līshū ) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District , Toghrol Al Jerd District , Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The William G. and Anne Williams House is a historic building in Sparta , Wisconsin that is now a four - room bed and breakfast .
The West Potrillo Mountains are a mountain range in south central Doña Ana County , New Mexico , United States .
Madaje Nowe ( maˈdajɛ ˈnɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Gusu District ( simplified Chinese : 姑苏区 ; traditional Chinese : 姑蘇區 ; pinyin : Gūsū Qū ) is one of five urban districts and the main district of Suzhou , Jiangsu province , China .
The Professional Academies ' Magnet @ Loften High School ( or W. Travis Loften High School ) is a public high school in Gainesville , Florida in the United States .
Doilungdêqên District is a district in Lhasa prefecture - level city , Tibet , north - west of the main center of Chengguan , Tibet .
WFNI , known as 1070 The Fan , is a radio station in Indianapolis , Indiana owned by Emmis Communications .
Redenhall with Harleston is a town , civil parish and electoral ward ( called Harleston ) in the South Norfolk District of the English county of Norfolk , comprising the villages of Redenhall and Harleston .
The Hampton Terrace Historic District , originally called the Lakewood Manor Subdivision , is a U.S. historic district located in Tampa , Florida .
Beardslee Castle is a three - story castle in Little Falls , New York , USA , constructed in 1860 as a replica of an Irish castle , and currently used as a restaurant .
Crown Hill National Cemetery is a U.S. National Cemetery located in the city of Indianapolis , Marion County , Indiana .
Łuknajno - Leśniczówka ( wukˈnai̯nɔ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tahamtan Kola ( Persian : تهمتن كلا‎ , also Romanized as Tahamtan Kolā ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Bosjökloster Castle is located on the shore of Ringsjön in Höör Municipality .
Winisk Lake is a large , irregularly - shaped lake in the Winisk River and Hudson Bay drainage basins in northern Kenora District in northwestern Ontario , Canada .
Koberovy ( German : Koberwald ) is a village and municipality in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic .
Pietna ( ˈpjɛtna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krapkowice , within Krapkowice County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Menger Hotel is a historic hotel located in Downtown San Antonio , Texas , USA .
The Barrett - Byam Homestead is a historic house , now headquarters of the Chelmsford Historical Society , located at 40 Byam Road , Chelmsford , Massachusetts , United States .
Jervis Bay National Park , formerly known as Jervis Bay National Park ( NSW ) , consists of several protected areas on the western and northern foreshores of Jervis Bay , on the south coast of New South Wales .
Pertek ( Armenian : Բերդակ ) , ( Kurdish : Pêrtag ) is a small city and its surrounding district in Tunceli Province of modern Turkey .
Molkhatavi ( Persian : ملخطاوي‎ , also Romanized as Molkhaţāvī ; also known as Molḩaţāvī ) is a village in Shiyan Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Dali Padiguleh ( Persian : دلي پاديگوله‎ , also Romanized as Dalī Pādīgūleh ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Gorran Churchtown is a village in the parish of St Goran , Cornwall , England .
Belesbeneh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بلسبنه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kuchesfahan District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ayamkudy ( ആയാംകുടി ) is a village in the Kottayam district of the Indian state of Kerala .
Snaefell Summit railway station is the upper terminus of the Snaefell Mountain Railway on the Isle of Man and is served by the tramway of the same name .
Endiang , Alberta is a hamlet in Alberta , Canada within the County of Stettler No . 6 .
Penweddig was a medieval cantref -- a Welsh land division -- of the kingdom of Ceredigion and later of the kingdom of Deheubarth ) which is now in the county of Ceredigion , Wales .
Penola Catholic College ( also known as PCC or simply Penola ) is a co - educational secondary college , located in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Anenská Studánka ( German : Annabad ) is a small village ( pop . 196 in 2006 ) in the Ústí nad Orlicí District , Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Pacówka ( paˈt͡sufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kalamunda bus station is a Transperth bus station located next to the Kalamunda Central shopping centre in Kalamunda , Western Australia .
Sant Pau del Camp ( IPA : ( ˈsam ˈpaw ðəɫ ˈkam ) ) ( Catalan for `` Saint Paul of the countryside '' or `` in the fields '' ) is a church and former monastery in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Miminiska Airport , ( TC LID : CPS5 ) , is located on Lake Miminska , near Miminiska Ontario , Canada .
Greenpoint Reformed Church is a Reformed Church in America church at 136 Milton Street in the Greenpoint neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York .
Chaman Saver ( Persian : چمن ساور‎ , also Romanized as Chaman Sāver ) is a village in Chaharkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Kordkuy County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Chiuduno is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northeast of Milan and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southeast of Bergamo , midway between the Bergamo plain and the Valcalepio .
Grand Canyon West Airport ( IATA : GCW , FAA LID : 1G4 ) is a public airport 60 miles ( 97 km ) northwest of Peach Springs , in Mohave County , Arizona .
Jowzeqan ( Persian : جوزقان‎ , also Romanized as Jowzeqān and Jowzqān ) is a village in Kuhsangi Rural District , Miyan Velayat District , Taybad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rockaway Parkway is a major commercial street in the Canarsie neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York .
Schiessrothried is a small lake in the Alsatian side of the Vosges , of glacial origin .
Dziubiele Małe ( d͡ʑuˈbjɛlɛ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Dziubiellen ( 1938 - 45:Klein Zollerndorf ) ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Stary Miastków ( ˈstarɨ ˈmjastkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastków Kościelny , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Chestnut Ridge Historical Area contains a wide range of the oldest buildings on the UMass Amherst campus , including its iconic chapel , the campus war memorial , the W. E. B. Du Bois Library , and the last remaining barn from the founding years of the Massachusetts Agricultural College .
Seven Oaks Farm and Black 's Tavern is a historic home and farm complex located near Greenwood , Albemarle County , Virginia .
The Lilly Arbor Project is a part of an experimental riparian floodplain reforestation and ecological restoration program , located along the White River in Indiana , in the eastern United States .
Ashland University is a mid - sized , private , non - profit university in Ashland , Ohio , United States .
Charbinowice ( xarbinɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatowiec , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Behnua - ye Bala ( Persian : بهنوابالا‎ , also Romanized as Behnūā - e Bālā ) is a village in Jowzam Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Hammermill Center , formerly Gannon Auditorium , is a 2,800 seat basketball arena home to the Gannon Golden Knights located on the campus of Gannon University in Erie , Pennsylvania .
Glooscap First Nation is a Canadian Mi'kmaq aboriginal community in Kings County , Nova Scotia .
The Treasury Gardens consist of 5.8 hectares ( 14.4 acres ) on the south - eastern side of the Melbourne Central Business District , East Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Kaft Chahvar ( Persian : كفت چهوار‎ , also Romanized as Kaft Chahvār ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Twin Mountains are a pair of mountains located in Franconia , New Hampshire .
Tai Po Industrial Estate ( Chinese : 大埔工業邨 , branded as 大埔工業園 ) is an industrial estate on the reclamation in Tai Po Hoi , Tai Po District , New Territories , Hong Kong .
Pasatiempo Golf Club is an 18-hole golf club located in Pasatiempo , Santa Cruz County , California .
Chungking Mansions is a building located at 36 - -44 Nathan Road in Tsim Sha Tsui , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Dr. William Henderson House , also known as the Fox House , is a historic home located at Hummelstown , Dauphin County , Pennsylvania .
Lilyhurst is a small hamlet near Lilleshall and Sheriffhales in Shropshire .
Amárita ( in Basque and officially Amarita , pronounced with the stress on the second a ) is a village and city council in the municipality of Vitoria - Gasteiz in the province of Álava , Basque Country , Spain .
Crawfordsburn railway station served Crawfordsburn Hospital ( which closed in the early 1990s ) and Crawfordsburn Country Park in County Down , Northern Ireland .
Krzówka ( ˈkʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serokomla , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
P. S. Dupont High School is a historic high school building located at Wilmington , New Castle County , Delaware .
Dlinza Forest Nature Reserve , is located just outside Eshowe , in the KwaZulu - Natal , province of South Africa .
Playhouse Square , is the Cleveland Theater District in downtown Cleveland , Ohio , the largest performing arts center in the United States outside of New York .
WFGR ( Classic Hits 98.7 ) is an American FM radio station serving Grand Rapids , Michigan .
Sabur - e Kuchek ( Persian : صبوركوچك‎ , also Romanized as Şabūr - e Kūchek ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Nad Ali Hasht va Gani ( Persian : نادعلي هشتوگاني‎ , also Romanized as Nād ʿAlī Hasht va Gānī ) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Frisco Station in Idabel , Oklahoma , was built in 1912 by the St. Louis--
The Estadio Sonora is a baseball stadium located in Hermosillo , Sonora , Mexico .
Conewago Chapel Covered Bridge , also known as the Blue Spring Covered Bridge , was a historic wooden covered bridge located in Conewago and Mount Pleasant Townships in Adams County , Pennsylvania .
Uttar Krishnapur Part - I is a census town in Cachar district in the Indian state of Assam .
Razavi Khorasan Province ( Persian : استان خراسان رضوی‎‎ , Ostān - e Khorāsān - e Rażavī ) is a province located in northeastern Iran .
Do Jowz ( Persian : دوجوز‎ ) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Seengemai is a village under the municipal board of Sirsaganj in the Firozabad district of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Third Avenue is a north - south thoroughfare on the East Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Deh Morgh ( Persian : ده مرغ‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Morgh and Deh Margh ; also known as Deh Marg ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Northeast Gainesville Residential District , also known locally as the Duck Pond is a U.S. historic district ( designated as such on February 12 , 1980 ) located in Gainesville , Florida .
Upper Norwood Library in Westow Hill , the only independent public library in the UK , was built in 1899 by joint agreement of the London Borough of Croydon and the London Borough of Lambeth .
Chłopowy ( xwɔˈpɔvɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dul Jafar ( Persian : دول جافر‎ , also Romanized as Dūl Jāfar ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Allenby Street ( Hebrew : רחוב אלנבי‎ ) is a major street in Tel Aviv , Israel .
Plantation High School ( commonly referred to as PHS ) is a high school located in Plantation , Florida .
Łapsze Wyżne ( ˈwapʂɛ ˈvɨʐnɛ ) , ( Slovak : Vyšné Lapše ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapsze Niżne , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
La Cour - Dieu Abbey ( French : Abbaye de La Cour - Dieu ; Latin : Curia Dei ) is a former Cistercian monastery in the commune of Ingrannes in Loiret , France , situated about 19 km south of Pithiviers .
Braintree High School ( BHS ) is a four - year secondary school located in Braintree , Massachusetts , within Norfolk County .
Ab Sefid - e Saqaveh ( Persian : اب سفيدسقاوه‎ , also Romanized as Āb Sefīd - e Saqāveh ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The ' Wesley Plattenburg House is a historic house in Selma , Alabama .
The Cordova Post Office and Courthouse is a historic government building on 2nd Street at Federal Avenue in Cordova , Alaska .
Kimball School was a public elementary school located in Concord , New Hampshire .
Coleridge Cottage is a cottage situated in Nether Stowey , Bridgwater , Somerset , England .
Ralph Potato House is a historic potato house located near Laurel , Sussex County , Delaware .
Carajía or Karijia is an archaeological site in the Utcubamba Valley , located 48 km northeast of the city of Chachapoyas , Peru in Luya Province , Amazonas Region , where eight Chachapoyan mummies were discovered on the cliffside , referred to by local residents as the `` ancient wise men '' .
Administratively it constitutes Kohtla - Nõmme Parish ( Kohtla - Nõmme vald ) -- a rural municipality within Ida - Viru County .
Kartoszyno ( kartɔˈʂɨnɔ ) ( German Kartoschin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Yarmouth Clam Festival is an annual three - day event which takes place in the American town of Yarmouth , Maine , during the third weekend in July .
Spring Meadow Lake State Park is a state park just west of Helena , Montana used primarily as a swimming spot for children , as well as hiking and fishing .
Alqajar ( Persian : القجر‎ ) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Roberts Army Heliport ( IATA : SYL , ICAO : KSYL , FAA LID : SYL ) is a U.S. Army heliport at Camp Roberts in extreme southern Monterey County , California , United States .
Pyramid State Recreation Area , the largest state recreation area in Illinois , contains 19,701 acres ( 7,973 ha ) .
Dębno Królewskie ( ˈdɛmbnɔ kruˈlɛfskʲɛ ) ( German : Königseichen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mątasek ( mɔnˈtasɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Heath and Reach is an English village and civil parish near the Chiltern Hills in Bedfordshire .
Centre scolaire Léo - Rémillard ( abbreviated CSLR ) is a French - language high school situated in the southeastern part of Winnipeg , Manitoba , in Canada .
Huntsville Bible College is a non - denominational Christian seminary in Huntsville , Alabama .
The Yorke Peninsula Council is a local government area ( LGA ) responsible for most of Yorke Peninsula in South Australia .
Schloss Krobnitz is a Schloss in Reichenbach ( Oberlausitz ) , Saxony ( Germany ) .
Odakkali , located at 10.09 North and 76.54 East , is a village in the Ernakulam district of Kerala State , in southern India .
Lasnamäe is the most populous administrative district of Tallinn , the capital of Estonia .
Vetrego is a frazione of the comune of Mirano , Italy , Province of Venice , Region Veneto .
Sarroch , S'Arrocu in sardinian language , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southwest of Cagliari .
The Orto Botanico del Monte Baldo ( about 20,000 m² ) , also known as the Orto Botanico di Novezzina or Orto Botanico d'Europa , is a botanical garden located at 1232 meters altitude on Monte Baldo , Via General Graziani 10 , Novezzina , Ferrara di Monte Baldo , Province of Verona , Veneto , Italy .
Aghcheh Kand ( Persian : اغچه كند‎ , also Romanized as Āghcheh Kand ; also known as Āqcheh Kand ) is a village in Abarghan Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hesar - e Gapuchi ( Persian : حصارگاپوچي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār - e Gāpūchī ; also known as Ḩeşār - e Qāpūchī ) is a village in Torkaman Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lahovna ( pronounced ( ˈlaːxɔu̯na ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia .
Matomo is a rural commune in the Cercle of Macina in the Ségou Region of southern - central Mali .
Garachico is a municipality and town on the northern coast of Tenerife , about 52 km West of the capital Santa Cruz de Tenerife , 50 km from Tenerife North Airport and 67 km from Tenerife South Airport .
Christmas Creek Airport ( IATA : CXQ , ICAO : YCRK ) is an airport serving Christmas Creek Station , in the Australian state of Western Australia .
Žeravac ( Cyrillic Жеравац ) is a village in the municipality of Derventa , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Hunli is a town and head office of Hunli - Desali Tehsil of Lower Dibang Valley district in the north - eastern state of Arunachal Pradesh , India .
Mercy Academy , in full , The Academy of Our Lady of Mercy , is an all - girls Roman Catholic high school in Louisville , Kentucky that opened in 1885 and is sponsored by the Sisters of Mercy .
The Malheur National Forest is a National Forest in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Otay Centenario is a borough of the municipality of Tijuana in Baja California , Mexico .
Standin ' on the Corner Park ( opened 1999 in Winslow , Arizona ) is a public park , commemorating the song `` Take It Easy '' , written by Jackson Browne and the late Glenn Frey , and most famously recorded by the Eagles .
Siyavashan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سياوشان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Ashtian County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Hipolito F. Garcia Federal Building and United States Courthouse is a historic courthouse , federal office , and post office building located in Downtown San Antonio in Bexar County in the U.S. state of Texas .
The Bybee Bridge is a bridge over McLoughlin Boulevard ( Oregon Route 99E ) in southeast Portland , Oregon connecting the Eastmoreland and Sellwood neighborhoods .
Gabriel Island is a Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut .
Cincinnati Country Day School ( abbreviated Country Day or CCDS ) is a private , Independent School located in Indian Hill , Ohio , a suburb of Cincinnati .
50 West Street is a 64-story , 778 ft ( 237 m ) tall mixed - use retail and residential condominium tower developed by Time Equities Inc. in Lower Manhattan , New York City .
The Martin W. Carr School is a historic school building located at 25 Atherton Street , in the Spring Hill area of Somerville , Massachusetts .
Chahar Kesht ( Persian : چهاركشت‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Kesht ; also known as Chahār Gasht ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Edwin Warner Park and Percy Warner Park , collectively known as Warner Parks , are two major public parks in Nashville , Tennessee .
The El Sira Communal Reserve ( Spanish : Reserva Comunal El Sira ) is a protected area in Peru created on 23 June 2001 and located in three regions : the Huánuco Region ( Puerto Inca Province ) , the Pasco Region ( Oxapampa Province ) and the Ucayali Region ( Atalaya Province and Coronel Portillo Province ) .
Ashar District ( Persian : بخش آشار‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Pas Asiab - e Fartaq ( Persian : پس اسياب فارتق‎ , also Romanized as Pas Asīāb - e Fārtaq ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The 2004 Hopman Cup ( also known as the Hyundai Hopman Cup for sponsorship reasons ) was the sixteenth Hopman Cup tennis tournament held at the Burswood Entertainment Complex in Perth from 3 through 10 January 2004 .
Sarzeh Shamil ( Persian : سرزه شميل‎ , also Romanized as Sarzeh Shamīl ) is a village in Shamil Rural District , Takht District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
John A. Rowland High School is a public , four - year high school and International Baccalaureate ( IB ) World School in the city of Rowland Heights , California .
Reisenbach Telecommunication Tower ( German designation : Fernmeldeturm Reisenbach ) is among the tallest structures in the Northern parts of Baden - Württemberg .
KPHR ( 106.3 FM , `` Power 106.3 '' ) is a radio station licensed to Ortonville , Minnesota serving the Watertown , South Dakota area .
Radiměř ( German Rothmühl ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Svitavy District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
South Mecklenburg High School ( founded 1959 ) is a public secondary school located in Charlotte , North Carolina , USA .
Longxu District ( Chinese : 龙圩区 ) is a district of the prefecture - level city of Wuzhou in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region , China .
Borgonovo Val Tidone ( Piacentine dialect : Burgnöv ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Piacenza in the Italian region Emilia - Romagna , located about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) northwest of Bologna and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) west of Piacenza .
Oak Avenue Intermediate School is a two - year public intermediate , junior high , or middle school , located in Temple City , California , in the west San Gabriel Valley .
Garmay Sara ( Persian : گرماي سرا‎ , also Romanized as Garmāy Sarā ; also known as `` Alīābād and Garm Āb Sarā ) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District , Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 332 , in 82 families .
J. Strom Thurmond Dam , also known in Georgia as Clarks Hill Dam , is a concrete - gravity and embankment dam located 22 miles ( 35 km ) north of Augusta , Georgia on the Savannah River at the border of South Carolina and Georgia , creating Lake Strom Thurmond .
Janbuk ( Persian : جنبوك‎ , also Romanized as Janbūk and Janbook ; also known as Chambūk , Chanbūk , Jambūk , Jonbūd , and Junbūk ) is a village in Khusf Rural District , Central District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Chedruyeh ( Persian : چدرويه‎ , also Romanized as Chedrūyeh ) is a village in Qotbabad Rural District , Kordian District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gwernyfed is a community in Powys , Wales , centred on the village of Aberllynfi .
Rabinowitz Courthouse is an Alaska Court of Appeals state courthouse in Fairbanks , Alaska named after former Chief Justice Jay Rabinowitz , situated at 101 Lacey Street , adjacent to the Chena River .
Vučkovec is a mineral spring in Međimurje County , northern Croatia , which from the early twentieth century served as the focus of a small resort community .
Pardan ( Persian : پردان‎ , also Romanized as Pardān ; also known as Pardūn , Ferdū , and Pherdu ) is a village in Zohan Rural District , Zohan District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hasanabad - e Khaleseh ( Persian : حسن ابادخالصه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Khāleşeh ; also known as Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Ahmadabad - e Mostowfi Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamshahr County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Shahrak - e Sarkhadh ( Persian : شهرك سرخاڈ‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Sarkhādh ; also known as Sarkhā , Shahrak - e Sarkhā , and Sorkhā ) is a village in Isin Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Atqasuk Edward Burnell Sr . Memorial Airport ( IATA : ATK , ICAO : PATQ , FAA LID : ATK ) is an uncontrolled public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) south of the central business district of Atqasuk , a city in North Slope Borough , Alaska , United States .
Rostam - e Seh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رستم سه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Barchaczów ( barˈxat͡ʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabunie , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Aguada de Pasajeros ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aˈɣwaða ðe pasaˈʝeɾos ) ) is a municipality and town in the Cienfuegos Province of Cuba .
Bluff Point Graded School No . 3 is a historic school building located near Kilmarnock , Northumberland County , Virginia .
WCVF - FM is a public low power FM radio station in Fredonia , New York .
The Soper River ( Inuktitut : Kuujuaq , meaning `` the great river '' ) ( 62.9 ° N 69.85 ° W ) is a waterway on Baffin Island , Nunavut .
Walhachin is a small ghost town in the Thompson Country region of British Columbia , Canada .
Yuzidar ( Persian : يوزيدر‎ , also Romanized as Yūzīdar , Yowzīdar , and Yūzī Dar ; also known as Vazeh Dar and Wazeh Dar ) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Plum Hollow Country Club is a country club located in Southfield , Michigan , a suburb northwest of Detroit The club is privately owned and was established in 1921 .
Las Fraguas is a town in the Arenas de Iguña municipality of the Spanish region of Cantabria .
Mexico Memorial Airport ( ICAO : KMYJ , FAA LID : MYJ ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) east of the central business district of Mexico , a city in Audrain County , Missouri , United States .
Amba Matha also spelled as Amba Mutt ( Kannada : ಅಂಬಾ ಮಠ ) is a village near Somalapura in the Sindhanur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka state , India .
Kraplewo ( kraˈplɛvɔ ) ( German Kraplau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Sequoia Park Zoo is a zoo located in Eureka , California , operated by the City of Eureka .
Deh - e Salim ( Persian : ده سليم‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Salīm ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Puzeh - ye Tiz Ab Safer ( Persian : پوزه تيزاب صفر‎ , also Romanized as Pūzeh - ye Tīz Āb Şafer ; also known as Pūzeh - ye Tīz Āb and Tīz Āb ) is a village in Chin Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Zambezi Region , until 2013 known as the Caprivi Region , is one of the 14 regions of Namibia , located in the extreme north - east of the country .
Gruta dos Ratões is a cave in the Azores .
Chahchekor ( Persian : چه چكر‎ ; also known as Cheychagar ) is a village in Isin Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Ashkirk is a small village on the Ale Water , in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland .
Pasat Darreh ( Persian : پست دره‎ ) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Darreh Shur - e Khong ( Persian : دره شورخنگ‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Shūr - e Khong ; also known as Darrehshūr - e Khong ) is a village in Milas Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The New Hope Missionary Baptist Church Cemetery is a cemetery on St. Marys Street in Lake Village , Arkansas .
Ear Mountain is an isolated mountain located on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Madison Avenue is a north - south avenue in the borough of Manhattan in New York City , United States , that carries northbound one - way traffic .
Ksawerynówek ( ksavɛrɨˈnuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Harnam Singh Wala is a village located in the district of Bathinda , in the Indian state of Punjab .
Benakal ( Kannada : ಬೆಣಕಲ್ ) is a village in the Yelburga taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Muzzy Field is a stadium in Bristol , Connecticut adjacent to Rockwell Park .
Pajtuński Młyn ( pai̯ˈtuɲski ˈmwɨn ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Purda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Bear Creek School is a preschool through grade twelve private school in Redmond , Washington .
Calleras ( Caeras ) is one of 44 parishes ( administrative divisions ) in Tineo , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Askaleh - ye Bandar Emam ( Persian : اسكله بندرامام‎ , also Romanized as Āsḵaleh - ye Bandar Emām ) is a village in Bandar - e Emam Khomeyni Rural District , Bandar - e Emam Khomeyni District , Mahshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Pothunuru ( Telugu : పోతునూరు ) is a village in Denduluru mandal of West Godavari district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Cloth Fair is a street in the City of London where , in medieval times , merchants gathered to buy and sell material during the Bartholomew Fair .
The Faranah Region is located in east - central Guinea .
Ghomijeh ( Persian : غميجه‎ , also Romanized as Ghomījeh ) is a village in Neysan Rural District , Neysan District , Hoveyzeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Country Club at Mirasol ( also known as Mirasol ) is a large , gated community located in Palm Beach Gardens , Florida .
Hesar - e Sati ( Persian : حصارساتي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār - e Sātī , Hesār - e - Sātī , Ḩeşār Sātī , and Hisār Sathi ) is a village in Juqin Rural District , in the Central District of Shahriar County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Chavarchin ( Persian : چاورچين‎ , also Romanized as Chāvarchīn ) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Sewall - Scripture House , is a historic house museum at 40 King Street in Rockport , Massachusetts that is owned by the Sandy Bay Historical Society .
Mulchén is a city and commune in Bío Bío Province of Bío Bío Region , Chile .
Via Tiburtina is an ancient road in Italy leading east - northeast from Rome to Tivoli ( Latin , Tibur ) .
Bundesstraße 23 ( abbreviated to B 23 ) is a German federal highway ( German : Bundesstraße ) in Bavaria that runs from Peiting to the Austrian border near Garmisch - Partenkirchen .
The Montreal General Hospital ( MGH ) ( French : Hôpital Général de Montréal ) is a hospital in Montreal , Quebec ( Canada ) established in the years 1818 - 1820 .
Haradski Stadium ( Belarusian : Гарадскі стадыён , Russian : Городской стадион ; literally `` City Stadium '' ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Barysaw , Belarus .
Moghalmari or Mogolmari is a village and an archaeological excavation site in the Paschim Medinipur district of West Bengal .
The Anheuser - Busch Beer Depot is located at 1207 - 1215 Jones Street in downtown Omaha , Nebraska .
Powrie Castle is a 16th - century castle located in the north of Dundee , Scotland .
Fengning Manchu Autonomous County ( simplified Chinese : 丰宁满族自治县 ; traditional Chinese : 豐寧滿族自治縣 ; pinyin : Fēngníng Mǎnzú Zìzhìxiàn ; Manchu : ᡶᡝᠩᠨᡳᠩ ᠮᠠᠨᠵᡠ ᠪᡝᠶᡝ ᡩᠠᠰᠠᠩᡤᠠ ᠰᡳᠶᠠᠨ ) is a Manchu autonomous county of northern Hebei province , bordering Beijing to the southwest and Inner Mongolia to the north , and lying under the administration of Chengde City .
Assiniboine Park ( formerly known as City Park ) is a park in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Adamowa Góra ( adaˈmɔva ˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Barton Academy is a historic Greek Revival school building located on Government Street in Mobile , Alabama , United States .
Ruby Canyon is a roughly 25 mile ( 40 km ) long canyon on the Colorado River located on the Colorado - Utah border in the western United States , and is a popular destination for rafting .
Patak - e Pain ( Persian : پتك پائين‎ , also Romanized as Pataḵ - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Borun Rural District , in the Central District of Ferdows County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bazoches - sur - Vesles ( also spelt Bazoches - sur - Vesle `` Vesle '' without an `` s '' was officially abandoned ) -before 1943 Bazoches- is a French commune in the department of Aisne in the Picardy region of northern France .
Canning Land District is a land district ( cadastral division ) of Western Australia , located within the South West Division in the eastern and south - eastern suburbs of metropolitan Perth .
Ahmadabad - e Gurak ( Persian : احمد آبا د گورک‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Gūrak ; also known as Aḩmadābād ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kal Godar ( Persian : كل گدار‎ , also Romanized as Kal Godār ) is a village in Khodabandehlu Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Easton Area School District is an urban , suburban , and rural public school district located in Northampton County , Pennsylvania , USA .
WUBT ( 101.1 FM , `` 101.1 The Beat '' ) is an American Urban contemporary radio station broadcasting in the Nashville , Tennessee market , under ownership of iHeartMedia , Inc ..
Gulei ( Chinese : 古雷 ; pinyin : Gǔléi ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Kó͘-lûi ; literally : `` old thunder '' ) is a town in Zhangpu County in the far south of Fujian province , China .
Crowthorne is a village and civil parish in the Bracknell Forest district of south - eastern Berkshire .
Humenné District ( okres Humenné ( also spelled Homonna , Homonn , Humen , Harwsfalva ) ) is a district in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
New Norway is a hamlet located within Camrose County in central Alberta , Canada .
The Vanšu Bridge ( Latvian : Vanšu tilts ) in Riga is a cable - stayed bridge that crosses the Daugava river in Riga , the capital of Latvia .
The Burton Memorial Tower is a clock tower located on Central Campus at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor at 230 North Ingalls Street .
St Antholin , Budge Row , or St Antholin , Watling Street , was a church in the City of London .
Bletherston ( Welsh : Trefelen ) is a hamlet and parish in Pembrokeshire , Wales .
Lichnowo ( lixˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Felix Nussbaum Haus is a museum in Osnabrück , Germany , which houses the paintings of German - Jewish painter Felix Nussbaum .
The Bolingbrook Golf Club , a municipal facility located in Bolingbrook , Illinois , USA , features an 18-hole course designed by golf course architect Arthur Hills .
The House at 44 Stanton Road in Brookline , Massachusetts , is a well - preserved local example of Italianate architecture , and is one of four houses of that style on Stanton Road .
Morleigh is a small village within the civic parish of Halwell and Moreleigh , the South Hams , and the county of Devon , England .
The Alytus District Municipality ( Lithuanian : Alytaus rajono savivaldybė ) is a municipality in Alytus County , Lithuania , located in the Dzūkija ethnographic region .
The Johns Hopkins Carey Business School , also referred to as Carey Business School or JHUCarey or simply Carey , is the business school of the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore , Maryland .
Parco del Valentino ( also known as Valentino Park ) is a popular public park in Turin , Italy .
Empire Outlets New York City , also known as Harbor Commons , is a proposed 350,000-square - foot retail complex that will feature 100 designer outlets and a 120,000-square - foot hotel .
Table Bluff Lighthouse is a lighthouse in California , United States , which was located on Table Bluff just south of Humboldt Bay .
Old Oaks Historic District , or Old Oaks , is a neighborhood just south and east of downtown Columbus , Ohio and is a premiere example of a streetcar suburb in the city .
Brookvale Oval is a sporting ground located within Brookvale Park at Brookvale , New South Wales , Australia .
Atzeneta d'Albaida ( Spanish : Adzaneta de Albaida ) is a municipality in the comarca of Vall d'Albaida , in the province of Valencia , in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Sudipen is a fourth class municipality in the province of La Union , the Philippines .
Glebe House School & Nursery is an independent coeducational day and weekly boarding school for children from the age of six months to 13 years , located in the Victorian seaside town of Hunstanton , Norfolk , England .
Middleton - by - Wirksworth is an upland village lying approximately one mile NNW of Wirksworth , Derbyshire , formerly known for its lead mines and high quality limestone quarries , including the remarkable underground quarry site at Middleton Mine .
Franklin Field is the home of the Penn Relays , and is the University of Pennsylvania 's stadium for football , lacrosse and formerly for soccer , field hockey and baseball .
Debochitsa is a very sparsely populated and dispersed village in Blagoevgrad Municipality , in Blagoevgrad Province , Bulgaria .
Javanmard ( Persian : جوانمرد‎ , also Romanized as Javānmard ) is a village in Behi Dehbokri Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Church of San Pellegrino in Vaticano ( English : Saint Peregrine in the Vatican ) is an ancient Roman Catholic oratory in the Vatican City , located on the Via dei Pellegrini .
Kuchary - Jeżewo ( kuˈxarɨ jɛˈʐɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pniski ( ˈpɲiskʲi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
St. Anthony of Padua Roman Catholic Church is a historic church at 457 Monmouth Street in The Village Section of Jersey City , Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
Moundville Airport ( FAA LID : L44 ) is a privately owned , public - use airport in Hale County , Alabama , United States .
Trzebieszyno ( Klaryszewo ) ( Kashubian : Trzebieszëno , German : Klarashöhe ) is a village in Gmina Miastko , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Goucher College is a private , co - educational , liberal arts college in the northern Baltimore suburb of Towson in unincorporated Baltimore County , Maryland , on a 287-acre ( 1.2 km² ) campus .
The Lockville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the area of a historic mill village in Southampton , Massachusetts .
Pugh Island is an inhabited private Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut .
Bencombe is a hamlet made up of 9 mainly traditional stone cottages / houses in the parish of Uley and just south west of Owlpen on the edge of the Cotswolds in Gloucestershire , England .
Perriertoppen is the second highest mountain in Svalbard , at 1712 m. It is located in the north east of the island of Spitsbergen .
Dadqansara ( Persian : دادقانسرا‎ , also Romanized as Dādqānsarā ) is a village in Moridan Rural District , Kumeleh District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Hartwell Dam is a concrete and embankment dam located on the Savannah River at the border of South Carolina and Georgia , creating Lake Hartwell .
Penrhiwfer ( Welsh for `` short hill end '' ) is a village located in the County Borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales .
Ituaçu ( alternately spelled Ituassú , Ituassu or Ituacu ) is a city in the Chapada Diamantina region of Bahia , Brazil .
The Horseshoe Dam is a dam located North of Phoenix , Arizona .
The Illinois Salines , also known as the Saline Springs or Great Salt Springs , is a salt spring site located along the Saline River in Gallatin County , Illinois .
The Third Haven Meeting House is generally considered the oldest - surviving Friends meeting house of the Religious Society of Friends , and it is a cornerstone of Quaker history in Talbot County , Maryland .
Janowicze ( janɔˈvit͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Those in Berlin , Essen and Düsseldorf have been particularly famous ; the Lichtburg in Oberhausen is the site of the International Short Film Festival Oberhausen , and Quernheim is the smallest municipality in Germany with a cinema , also called Lichtburg .
Karikkottakary(കരിക്കോട്ടകരി ) is small town located almost 12 km from Iritty of Kannur district , Kerala , India .
Ki Pacheh ( Persian : كي پاچه‎ , also Romanized as Kī Pācheh and Keypācheh ; also known as Kīp Pācheh ) is a village in Hombarat Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Baveleh - ye Sofla ( Persian : باوله سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bāveleh - ye Soflá ; also known as Bāveleh - ye Pā'īn ) is a village in Mangur - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Przychojec ( pʂɨˈxɔjɛt͡s ) ( Ukrainian : Прихоєць , Prykhoyets '' ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leżajsk , within Leżajsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
One Devonshire Gardens ( officially known as Hotel du Vin at One Devonshire Gardens ) , is a luxury hotel located in the West End of Glasgow , Scotland .
Zhuji ( simplified Chinese : 诸暨 ; traditional Chinese : 諸暨 ; pinyin : Zhūjì ) is a county - level city under the administration of the prefecture - level city of Shaoxing in China 's southeastern Zhejiang province , located about 40 miles south of Hangzhou .
Thomas Worthington High School ( `` TWHS '' ) is a public school in Worthington , Ohio .
Monterey State Beach is a protected beach in California .
Gzowice - Folwark ( ɡzɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈfɔlvark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlnia - Letnisko , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kokomo Municipal Airport ( IATA : OKK , ICAO : KOKK , FAA LID : OKK ) is five miles northeast of Kokomo , in Howard County , Indiana .
San Antonio serves as the seat of Bexar County .
The Upper Twin Falls Bridge is a bridge that spans the Menominee River linking Breitung Township , Michigan , to Florence County , Wisconsin .
WSNX - FM ( `` 104 - 5 WSNX '' ) is a Top 40/Rhythmic radio station located in iHeartMedia , Inc. Grand Rapids , Michigan headquarters .
Kalateh - ye Hazarat ( Persian : كلاته حضرت‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Ḩaz̤arat ) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Taybad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Karminek ( karˈminɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca , within Pleszew County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Żabów ( ˈʐabuf ) ( German : Sabow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Lakeside College , established in 2006 , is a co - educational P-12 school located in Pakenham , Victoria , Australia , associated with the Lutheran Church of Australia .
Retallack village is near St Columb Major , in Cornwall , England ( grid reference SW 934658 ) , United Kingdom .
Woodlawn Avenue Row is a set of historic rowhouses located at Buffalo in Erie County , New York .
Preodac ( Cyrillic : Преодац ) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Hudson Opera House http://hudsonoperahouse.org/ is located in Hudson , New York .
Mystic Dunes Resort & Golf Club ( formerly known as Wyndham Palms ) resides on over 600 acres ( 2.4 km2 ) of rolling hills , Florida nature preserves and tropical landscaping in Celebration , Florida .
Zidasht ( Persian : زيدشت‎ , also Romanized as Zīdasht and Zaidasht ) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
New Ipswich Mountain is a summit within the Wapack Range of mountains in south - central New Hampshire , United States .
Fleetwood is a town and civil parish within the Wyre district of Lancashire , England , lying at the northwest corner of the Fylde .
Brzeźno Wielkie ( ˈbʐɛʑnɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Altamont Raceway Park was a motorsports race track located in Alameda County in Northern California between the towns of Tracy and Livermore .
Tell Fray is a tell , or settlement mound , on the east bank of the Euphrates in Ar - Raqqah Governorate , northern Syria .
The Holywell Music Room is the city of Oxford 's chamber music hall , situated on Holywell Street in the city centre , within the grounds of Wadham College .
Harris Academy at Peckham ( also known as the Academy at Peckham , Peckham Academy or Harris Academy Peckham ) is a coeducational academy in the town of Peckham , London Borough of Southwark for pupils from the ages of 11 to 18 .
The Front Street Block is a series of four connected commercial blocks in the West End of Gloucester , Massachusetts , USA .
Brooks - Brown House , also known as the Brown - Law House , Law Home , and Halfway House , is a historic home located near Dickinson , Franklin County , Virginia .
Sir Wilfrid Laurier Secondary School is part of the Ottawa - Carleton District School Board and it is located in the neighbourhood of Fallingbrook , in the suburb of Orleans , in Ottawa Ontario , Canada .
Qatlish - ye Olya ( Persian : قتليش عليا‎ , also Romanized as Qatlīsh - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Qatlīsh and Kātlīsh ) is a village in Gifan Rural District , Garmkhan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 419 , in 104 families .
Sniatynka ( Ukrainian : Снятинка , Polish : Śniatynka ) is a village ( selo ) in Drohobych Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
The Washington Boulevard Building is a high - rise apartment building located at 234 State Street at the corner of State Street and Washington Boulevard in downtown Detroit , Michigan .
Etchebar ( Basque : Etxebarre ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
Bela Cerkev ( pronounced ( ˈbeːla ˈtseːɾkɛu̯ ) ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia .
Le Gardeur railway station was on Saint - Paul Street in the Le Gardeur district of Repentigny , Quebec , Canada .
Gołełąki ( ɡɔwɛˈwɔnki ) is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Latowicz , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dongguan Mosque ( Chinese : 东关清真寺 ; pinyin : Dōngguān Qīngzhēnsì ) is a mosque in Xining , Qinghai Province , China .
Noong Bua is a ward ( phường ) of Điện Biên Phủ in Điện Biên Province in northwestern Vietnam .
Dordon is a village and civil parish in the North Warwickshire district of the county of Warwickshire in England and close to the border with Staffordshire .
Three Bears Lake is located in Glacier National Park , in the U. S. state of Montana .
Mesaieed ( Arabic : مسيعيد‎ , also transliterated as Musay'id and Umm Sa'id ) is an industrial city in Al Wakrah Municipality in the State of Qatar , approximately 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) south of Doha .
The Werrikimbe National Park is a protected national park located in the catchment zone of the Upper Hastings River in New South Wales , Australia .
El Guindo ( Spanish for the cherry tree , pronounced : ( el ˈɡindo ) ( ) ) is a Chilean village located in Pichilemu , Cardenal Caro Province .
Toghrol Al Jerd District ( Persian : بخش طغرالجرد‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bazrakabad , Zahedan ( Persian : بزرک‌آباد‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Fowle - Reed - Wyman Houseis a historic First Period house at 64 Old Mystic Street in Arlington , Massachusetts .
The Paulding County Carnegie Library is a historic Carnegie library in the village of Paulding , Ohio , United States .
Colmore Row is a street in the centre of Birmingham , England , running from Victoria Square to just beyond Snow Hill station .
Niassia ( also spelled Nyassia ) is a village and commune in Ziguinchor Department , Ziguinchor Region , Casamance , Senegal .
Minden - Lübbecke is a Kreis ( district ) in the northeastern part of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Qeshlaq - e Gong ( Persian : قشلاق گنگ‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Gong ) is a village in Jaru Rural District , Palangabad District , Eshtehard County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The Crystal River Energy Complex consists of five power - generating plants on a 4,700 acre ( 1,900 hectare ) site at 28 ° 58′N 82 ° 42′W , near the mouth of the Crystal River in Citrus County , Florida .
Vanash - e Pain ( Persian : وناش پائين‎ , also Romanized as Vanāsh - e Pā’īn ; also known as Vanāsh ) is a village in Alamut - e Pain Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Pieńkowice ( pjɛɲkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Lake Winnipesaukee ( /ˌwɪnɪpəˈsɔːki/ ) is the largest lake in the U.S. state of New Hampshire , located in the Lakes Region .
The Lakeview Mountains are a range of low mountains encompassing approximately 30 square miles ( 80 km2 ) of land in western Riverside County , Southern California , at the northern end of the Peninsular Ranges System .
Sorico is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) north of Milan and about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) northeast of Como .
Lake Dey Dey is one of many ephemeral salt lakes located in the eastern end of the Great Victoria Desert , in the Far North region of South Australia .
WBWG - LP ( 99.1 FM ) is a religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Fairmont , West Virginia .
Radzewice ( rad͡zɛˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Hohensee ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Silverstream is sited at the mouth of a small valley formed by the Wellington Region 's notable tectonic activity and , in part , by Hull 's Creek , which discharges into the Hutt River .
Sutton Valence ( in the past also called Sudtone , Town Sutton and Sutton Hastings , see below ) is a village about five miles ( 8 km ) SE of Maidstone , Kent , England on the A274 road going south to Headcorn and Tenterden .
Welling is a town in the London Borough of Bexley approximately 10.5 miles ( 16.9 km ) east - southeast of Charing Cross , the traditional centre of London .
Don Pedro Island is a barrier island in southwest Florida , in Charlotte County .
Pogódki ( pɔˈɡutki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Warnbro Community High School is a public high school high school located in Warnbro , 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) south of Perth , Western Australia .
`` Edemar '' , also known as Stifel Fine Arts Center , is a historic house and national historic district located at Wheeling , Ohio County , West Virginia .
South Carroll High School ( SCHS ) is a four - year public high school in Sykesville in Carroll County , Maryland , United States .
Tumwater High School is a secondary school in Tumwater , Washington serving grades 9 - 12 in Thurston County .
Ledborough was a former hamlet in the parish of Beaconsfield , in Buckinghamshire , England which has become incorporated into the urban area of the town of Beaconsfield as it rapidly expanded in the early part of the 20th century .
West Hill Dam Reserve is a United States Army Corps of Engineers flood control project with a recreational park and wildlife management area located at Uxbridge , Massachusetts .
Ribby with Wrea is a civil parish also electoral ward in the Borough of Fylde and ceremonial county of Lancashire in England .
Podrochale ( pɔdrɔˈxalɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Marin Country Day School is an independent coeducational day school serving grades K-8 located in Corte Madera , California .
Estelnic ( Hungarian : Esztelnek , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɛstɛlnɛk ) ) is a commune in Covasna County , Romania .
Palmersbridge is a hamlet on the A30 main road northeast of Bolventor in Cornwall , England , UK .
Budy Giżyńskie ( ˈbudɨ ɡiˈʐɨɲskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chislehurst railway station is in the London Borough of Bromley in south - east London .
Aghili District ( Persian : بخش عقیلی‎‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mediaș ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈmedi.aʃ ) ; German : Mediasch ; Hungarian : Medgyes ; Transylvanian Saxon dialect : Medwesch ) is the second largest city in Sibiu County , Transylvania , Romania .
Bad Nieuweschans ( Dutch pronunciation : ( bɑt niuʋəsxɑns ) ; English : Bath New Sconce ) is a fortified village with a population of 1,510 in the municipality of Oldambt in the Netherlands .
The Purcell Mountains are a mountain range in southeastern British Columbia , Canada .
Budzyno - Walędzięta ( buˈd͡zɨnɔ valɛnˈd͡ʑɛnta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Treawick , also Traewick , is an uninhabited crofting village in eastern Whalsay in the parish of Nesting in the Shetland Islands of Scotland .
The American Academy of Pediatrics ( AAP ) is an American professional association of pediatricians , headquartered in Elk Grove Village , Illinois , and maintains its Department of Federal Affairs office in Washington , D.C.
Piechowice ( pʲɛxɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) ( German : Petersdorf ) is a town in Jelenia Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Elkington Silver Electroplating Works , was a building on Newhall Street in Birmingham , England .
The A. Conger Goodyear House is an NRHP listed historic home located at Old Westbury in Nassau County , New York .
Calvary United Methodist Church is located at 801 48th Street , on the southeast corner of 48th Street & Baltimore Avenue , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Woodlinkin is a hamlet in Derbyshire , on the A610 road between the villages of Codnor and Aldercar .
The Colorado County Courthouse , built in 1890 , is an historic government building located at 400 Spring Street in Columbus , Colorado County , Texas .
Yonghongqiao Subdistrict ( Chinese : 永红桥街道 ) is a township - level division of Lunan District , Tangshan , Hebei , China .
Sarnetki ( sarˈnɛtki ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania .
Jevišovice ( German : Jaispitz ) is the town in the Znojmo District , Czech Republic .
Wszerzecz ( ˈfʂɛʐɛt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Shekal Gurab - e Pain ( Persian : شكال گوراب پايين‎ , also Romanized as Shekāl Gūrāb - e Pā’īn ; also known as Shakālgūrāb ) is a village in Gasht Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lisia Huta ( ˈliɕa ˈxuta ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lake Stanley Draper is a reservoir in southeast Oklahoma City , United States .
Rozwadówka - Folwark ( rɔzvaˈdufka ˈfɔlvark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Avanjan ( Persian : اونجان‎ , also Romanized as Avanjān and Āvenjān ; also known as Avangūn and Āvangūn ) is a village in Ramjerd - e Do Rural District , Dorudzan District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sreekandamangalam ( `` The City of Shiva '' ) is a hamlet which belongs to the township of Athirampuzha and is located in the Kottayam district , Kerala , India .
The Hawthorn Bridge is a wrought iron truss bridge across the Yarra River , 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) east of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Smithycroft Secondary School is a coeducational day school in Glasgow .
Chah - e Mohammad Sabagh ( Persian : چاه محمدصباغ‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Moḩammad Sabāgh ) is a village in Doreh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Casa Loma ( Spanish for Hill House ) is a Gothic Revival style house and gardens in midtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada , that is now a museum and landmark .
Mafaran ( Persian : مافران‎ , also Romanized as Māfarān ) is a village in Beradust Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Zandeh Kesh ( Persian : زنده كش‎ ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Big Otter Mill , also known as Forbes Mill , is a historic grist mill located near Bedford , Bedford County , Virginia .
Ranpur Taluka is a taluka of Botad district , in the state of Gujarat , India .
Wistanswick is a small village , located in the parish of Stoke upon Tern in Shropshire , England .
Ashdon , is a village and civil parish in Essex , England .
Redeveh ( Persian : ردوه‎ ) is a village in Mahru Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
San Pedro Valley County Park is a San Mateo County park located in Pacifica , California , which includes the headwaters of San Pedro Creek .
Dasht - e Deraz ( Persian : دشت دراز‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Derāz ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Balsams Grand Resort Hotel is a grand hotel and ski resort located in Dixville Notch in New Hampshire , United States .
The Havana Water Tower is a historic water tower which stands in Havana , Illinois .
East Gwillimbury is a town on the East Holland River in the Regional Municipality of York .
Marine Corps Depot of Supplies , Schuylkill Warehouse was a historic warehouse located in the Schuylkill neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Esmailiyeh - ye Yek ( Persian : اسماعيليه يك‎ , also Romanized as Esmā``īlīyeh - ye Yek ) is a village in Muran Rural District , in the Soveyseh District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 603 , in 122 families .
This first bronze casting was entitled The Spirit of Haida Gwaii , the Black Canoe and is now displayed outside the Canadian Embassy in Washington , D.C. The second bronze casting , entitled The Spirit of Haida Gwaii , the Jade Canoe , was first displayed at the Canadian Museum of History in 1994 .
Borj Sukhteh - ye Sofla ( Persian : برج سوخته سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Borj Sūkhteh - ye Soflá ; also known as Boneh Seyyed Naşrollāh and Boneh - ye Seyyed Naşrollāh ) is a village in Anarestan Rural District , Chenar Shahijan District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Murhareh ( Persian : مور هره‎ , also Romanized as Mūrḩareh ) is a village in Bazoft Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Bala Ahmad Chaleh Pey ( Persian : بالااحمدچاله پي‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Aḩmad Chāleh Pey ) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Yek Baghi ( Persian : يك باغي‎ , also Romanized as Yek Bāghī and Yak Bāghī ) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Sazes do Lorvão is a parish in Penacova Municipality , Portugal .
The Balearic Islands ( /ˌbæliˈærᵻk ˈaɪləndz/ ; Catalan : Illes Balears ( ˈiʎəz bələˈas ) ; Spanish : Islas Baleares ( ˈizlaz βaleˈaɾes ) ) are an archipelago of Spain in the western Mediterranean Sea , near the eastern coast of the Iberian Peninsula .
Luckenwalde ( German pronunciation : ( lʊkənˈvaldə ) ) is the capital of the Teltow - Fläming district in the German state of Brandenburg .
The Walhalla Cricket Ground is a landmark in Walhalla , Victoria , Australia .
Connecticut River Greenway State Park is a Massachusetts state park consisting of separate state land holdings , including open spaces , parks , scenic vistas , archaeological sites , and historic sites , along the Connecticut River in the Pioneer Valley of western Massachusetts .
Hallington Reservoirs are located near the small village of Colwell , Northumberland , England on the B6342 road off the A68 road , and 7 miles ( 11 km ) north of Corbridge .
KFGE ( 98.1 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format licensed to Milford , Nebraska , USA .
CICR - FM , branded as Parrsboro Community Radio , is a Canadian community radio station operating in Parrsboro , Nova Scotia .
Puzdrowo ( puzˈdrɔvɔ ) ( Kashubian : Pùzdrowò ) is a Kashubian village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Greensboro Arboretum ( 17 acres ) is an arboretum located in Lindley Park at 401 Ashland Drive , Greensboro , North Carolina .
Poplar High School is a high school ( grades 9 - -12 ) in the small town of Poplar , Roosevelt County , Montana .
Pine Flat Lake is an artificial lake in the Sierra Nevada foothills of eastern Fresno County , California and provides the western north - south border to the Sierra- and Sequoia National Forests , about 30 mi ( 48 km ) east of Fresno .
Dokuheh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دوكوهه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Seh Qaleh District , Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Birnie Kirk is a Church of Scotland church situated 4 km south of Elgin , in Moray , northeast Scotland .
The Phoebe A. Hearst Museum of Anthropology ( formerly the Lowie Museum of Anthropology ) is an anthropology museum located in Berkeley , California on the University of California , Berkeley campus .
The Butte Falls Ranger Station , located in Rogue River National Forest in Butte Falls , Oregon , was built in 1935 by the Civilian Conservation Corps .
Lillian Schnitzer Fountain is an outdoor 1875 fountain and bronze sculpture by J. Warrington Wood , installed outside Hermann Park 's Houston Garden Center in Houston , Texas , United States .
Mokotów ( Polish pronunciation : ( mɔˈkɔtuf ) ) is a dzielnica ( borough , district ) of Warsaw , the capital of Poland .
Hajj Arash ( Persian : حاج ارش‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājj Arash ; also known as Hājī Arash , Ḩājjī Ārash , Ḩājjī Arash , Ḩājjī Arsh , Hājrāsh , and Khadzhrash ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Arena Po is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 45 km southeast of Milan and about 20 km southeast of Pavia .
Bagh - e Nazer ( Persian : باغ ناظر‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Nāz̧er and Bāgh Nāz̧er ) is a village in Chenarud - e Jonubi Rural District , Chenarud District , Chadegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Birken Forest Buddhist Monastery , or Sītavana ( Pali : `` Cool Forest '' ) , is a Theravada Buddhist monastery in the Thai Forest Tradition near Kamloops , British Columbia .
Mathesons Bay or Te Kohuroa is a small beach in the Rodney district of the Auckland Region of New Zealand .
The Clearwater Mountains are part of the Rocky Mountains , located in the panhandle of Idaho in the Western United States .
Baile Boidheach ( Scottish Gaelic : Am Baile Bòidheach ) is a hamlet in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
Tuchkov Bridge ( Russian : Ту́чков мост ) is the bridge across Malaya Neva ( a distributary of Neva river ) in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Thandukode is a village beside Madumala in Kalikavu Panchayat , Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala .
Cemetery Ridge is a geographic feature in Gettysburg National Military Park , south of the town of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , that figured prominently in the Battle of Gettysburg , July 1 to July 3 , 1863 .
The Morganza Spillway or Morganza Control Structure is a flood - control structure in the U.S. state of Louisiana along the western bank of the Mississippi River at river mile 280 , near Morganza in Pointe Coupee Parish .
Raina II ( community development block ) ( also spelled Rayna and called Rainagar ) ( Bengali : রায়না II সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক ) is an administrative division in Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Muri , formerly known as Muri ( Freiamt ) , is a municipality in southeastern Swiss Canton Aargau and is the capital of same district .
Posht - e Zarrin Choqa ( Persian : پشتزرين چقا‎‎ , also Romanized as Posht - e Zarrīn Choqā ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Garibaldi - Meucci Museum , formerly known as the Garibaldi Memorial , is a circa 1840 Gothic Revival cottage in the Rosebank section of Staten Island , New York .
The 519 , formerly known as The 519 Church Street Community Centre , is an agency of the City of Toronto and a Canadian charitable , non - profit organization that operates a community centre in the Church and Wellesley neighbourhood of Toronto , Ontario .
Kamal Chub Sar ( Persian : كمل چوبسر‎ , also Romanized as Kamal Chūb Sar ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The African American Museum and Library at Oakland ( AAMLO ) is a museum and non - circulating library dedicated to preserving the history and experiences of African Americans in Northern California and the Bay Area .
Åled is a locality situated in Halmstad Municipality , Halland County , Sweden , with 1,634 inhabitants as of 2010 .
Porosły ( pɔˈrɔswɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The City of Greater Geraldton is a local government area in the Mid West region of Western Australia , 424 kilometres ( 263 mi ) north of the state capital , Perth on the Indian Ocean .
The Conseil scolaire de district catholique des Aurores boréales oversees 10 French language Catholic schools in Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada .
Blevio ( Lombard : Biev or Blef ( Western Lombard ) ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north of Milan and about 2 kilometres ( 1 mi ) northeast of Como .
The Fläscherberg ( also known as Regitzer Spitz ) is a mountain of the Rätikon , overlooking the Rhine in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Roverud is a village ( in Norwegian a tettsted ) of 800 people ( as of 2011 ) in the municipality of Kongsvinger .
Carrickbanagher ( Irish : Carraig Beannchar , translated as Rock of the Points ) is a townland in County Sligo , Ireland located between the towns of Collooney and Ballymote .
Tule Springs in Las Vegas , Nevada , is one of the larger urban retreats in the Las Vegas Valley .
High Coniscliffe is a parish and village in the borough of Darlington and ceremonial county of County Durham , England .
Zaviyeh ( Persian : زاويه‎ , also Romanized as Zāvīyeh and Zāvyeh ; also known as Shahr - e Zāvīyeh and Zārīyeh ) is a city in the Central District of Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Sacred Heart Medical Center Heliport ( FAA LID : OR69 ) is a private heliport located at the Sacred Heart Medical Center near the University of Oregon campus in Eugene , Lane County , Oregon , United States .
King 's Museum is a small university museum operated by the University of Aberdeen .
Fencott and Murcott is a civil parish about 4 miles ( 6 km ) south of Bicester in the Cherwell district of Oxfordshire , England .
Ferhadlu ( Persian : فرهادلو‎ , also Romanized as Ferhādlū ) is a village in Mulan Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
On October 30 , 1959 , Piedmont Airlines Flight 349 , a Douglas DC-3 , crashed on Bucks Elbow Mountain near Crozet , Virginia , killing the crew of three and all but one of its twenty - four passengers .
Gav Cheshmeh ( Persian : گاوچشمه‎ , also Romanized as Gāv Cheshmeh ) is a village in Harirud Rural District , Bujgan District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Maittanpatti is a small village in Tirumangalam Taluk of Madurai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Kooringal High School ( abbreviated KHS ) is a secondary high school and a partially selective , co - educational , public high school , located in the Wagga Wagga suburb of Kooringal , New South Wales , Australia .
Chah - e Tah ( Persian : چاه ته‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Tah ) is a village in Golshan Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Harry Evans Covered Bridge is a single span Burr Arch Truss structure that crosses Rock Run built in 1908 by J.A. Britton 1/2 mile north of Coxville , Indiana .
Poly Prep Country Day School ( known familiarly as Poly Prep ) is an independent school with two campuses in Brooklyn , New York .
The Donoho School is a private school in Anniston , Alabama that was honored by the Blue Ribbon Schools Program in 2005 .
Darnhall Mains is a fam and settlement off the A703 , near Eddleston and the Eddleston Water in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , in the former Peeblesshire .
Kadoshkinsky District ( Russian : Кадо́шкинский райо́н ; Moksha : Кадажень аймак ; Erzya : Кадоньбуе ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty - two in the Republic of Mordovia , Russia .
Geneva Lake is a body of freshwater in Walworth County in southeastern Wisconsin .
Lower East Side I Infill , or Lower East Side Infill # 1 , is a public housing development built and maintained by the New York City Housing Authority on the Lower East Side of Manhattan .
Quartiere Varesina is a small district , quartiere , of Milan , located in the suburban north - west part of the city .
Talerddig is a village in Powys , mid Wales , located on the main A470 road between Llanbrynmair and Carno .
St Athan ( Welsh : Sain Tathan ) is a village and community in the Vale of Glamorgan in South Wales .
Rosneath ( Ros Neimhidh in Gaelic ) is a village in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
Rubarabr ( Persian : روبرابر‎ , also Romanized as Rūbarābr ) is a village in Malfejan Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Rudawal ( रूदावल ) is a town in Bharatpur district , Rajasthan , India .
Rostam Mahalleh ( Persian : رستم محله‎ , also Romanized as Rostam Maḩalleh ) is a village in Asalem Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Elgnowo ( ɛlɡˈnɔvɔ ) ( German Elgenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kesiapalli is a small census village in Nayagarh district of Indian state , Odisha .
The National New York Central Railroad Museum ( reporting mark NNYX ) is a railroad museum located in Elkhart , Indiana dedicated to the preservation of the New York Central Railroad ( NYC ) .
Sävsjö Municipality ( Sävsjö kommun ) is a municipality in Jönköping County , southern Sweden where the town Sävsjö is seat .
Hanging Bridge is a medieval bridge spanning the Hanging Ditch , which connected the rivers Irk and Irwell in Manchester , England .
Šajinovac ( Serbian : Шајиновац ) is a village in the municipality of Drvar , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gelnhausen is a town and the capital of the Main - Kinzig - Kreis , in Hesse , Germany .
Świelino ( ɕfjɛˈlinɔ ) ( German Schwellin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Sadiki College , also known as Collège Sadiki ( Tunisian Arabic : المدرسة الصادقية‎ , `` El - Sadqiya High School '' ) , is a lycée ( high school ) in Tunis , Tunisia .
WJLZ is a Contemporary Christian , Christian Rock , and Christian Hip Hop formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Virginia Beach , Virginia , serving the Southside of Hampton Roads .
Gerdeh Zaylu ( Persian : گرده زايلو‎ , also Romanized as Gerdeh Zāylū ; also known as Gerdvānlī ) is a village in Mulan Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hemmatabad - e Chalaki ( Persian : همت ابادچالاكي‎ , also Romanized as Hemmatābād - e Chālāḵī ) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Fishwick is a small medieval village and farm in the Scottish Borders , in the traditional county of Berwickshire .
The Foster / Bell House is an historic residence located in Ottumwa , Iowa , United States .
South Indian Lake is a community located on the southeast shore of Southern Indian Lake in Manitoba Canada , about 130 km ( 81 mi ) ( by air ) north of the city of Thompson .
The Goshen Valley is a 17-mi ( 27 km ) long valley located in southern Utah County , Utah , and the valley forms part of its southeast border with the Wasatch Front , and parts of the Wasatch Range .
Texas Canyon is located in Cochise County , Arizona about 20 miles east of Benson on Interstate 10 and lies between the Little Dragoon Mountains on the north and the Dragoon Mountains to the south .
KNSH ( 1550 AM , `` Talk 1550 '' ) is a radio station serving the Amarillo , Texas , area with a talk radio format .
Trotton with Chithurst is a civil parish in the Chichester district of West Sussex , England .
Sar Bisheh - ye Sofla ( Persian : سربيشه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sar Bīsheh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Kanegrun ( Persian : كنگرون‎ , also Romanized as Kanegrūn ) is a village in Kushk Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
San Gregorio State Beach is a beach near San Gregorio , California , USA , south of Half Moon Bay .
Bronx High School for Writing and Communication Arts is a public high school located in the New York City borough of The Bronx .
Hessisch Lichtenau is a small town in the Werra - Meißner - Kreis in eastern Hesse , Germany .
Lake Osakis is a lake in Todd and Douglas counties in west - central Minnesota .
Duns Tew is a village and civil parish about 7 1⁄2 miles ( 12 km ) south of Banbury in Oxfordshire .
The Harry F. Sinclair House is a mansion at 2 East 79th Street at Fifth Avenue , Manhattan , New York City , that houses the Ukrainian Institute of America , which promotes art and literature by hosting exhibitions open to public , among other means .
Isle of Normandy or Normandy Island or Normandy Isles or Normandy Isle is a neighborhood of North Beach in the city of Miami Beach , Florida , United States .
The Wet Mountains are a small mountain range in southern Colorado , named for the amount of snow they receive in the winter .
Baskul Amid ( Persian : باسكول اميد‎ , also Romanized as Bāsḵūl Āmīd ) is a village in Kohanabad Rural District , Kohanabad District , Aradan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Miyun District ( simplified Chinese : 密云区 ; traditional Chinese : 密雲區 ; pinyin : Mìyún Qū ) is situated in northeast Beijing .
Nixyaawii Community School is a public charter school in Pendleton , Oregon , United States serving the Native American population .
Günnüt ( also , Gyunnyut and Gyunut - Dzhafarlu ) is a village in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic , Azerbaijan .
Cedar Hill State Park is located on FM 1382 and the eastern shore of Joe Pool Lake in Cedar Hill , Texas ( USA ) , ten miles southwest of Dallas .
Ouro Fino is a city situated in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeastern Region of Brazil .
Darreh - ye Ebrahim ( Persian : دره ابراهيم‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Ebrāhīm and Darreh Ebrāhīm ) is a village in Shaban Rural District , in the Central District of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Limbadi ( Greek : Lymbados ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southwest of Vibo Valentia .
Santa Marta al Collegio Romano is a deconsecrated church located in the Piazza del Collegio Romano in the Rione Pigna of Rome , Italy .
Kukanapalli also spelled as Kookanapalli ( Kannada : ಕೂಕನಪಳ್ಳಿ ) is a village in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Bullock Correctional Facility is a medium level security Alabama Department of Corrections prison located in unincorporated Bullock County , Alabama , near Union Springs .
Lairmont Manor , also known as the Larrabee House , is a 1914 Italian Renaissance style home located in Bellingham , Washington .
Minterne Magna is a village and civil parish in Dorset , England , situated in the West Dorset administrative district on the A352 road halfway between Dorchester and Sherborne .
Mazar - e Khosrowjerd ( Persian : مزارخسروجرد‎ , also Romanized as Mazār - e Khosrowjerd ) is a village in Qasabeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
KTLB ( 105.9 FM ) is a radio station that broadcasts from Fort Dodge , Iowa ( licensed to Twin Lakes , Iowa ) .
Sharbashan ( Persian : شرباشن‎ , also Romanized as Sharbāshan ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Di Fara Pizza is a pizzeria located at 1424 Avenue J in the Midwood section of Brooklyn , New York City .
Sembanarkoil ( formerly Semponnarkoil ) is a panchayat town in Tranquebar taluk in Nagapattinam district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Luzhai County ( simplified Chinese : 鹿寨县 ; traditional Chinese : 鹿寨縣 ; pinyin : Lùzhài Xiàn ; Standard Zhuang : Luzcai Yen ) is under the administration of Liuzhou , Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region , China .
Muş Province ( Turkish : Muş ili ) is a province in eastern Turkey .
The House at 4 Birch Avenue in Methuen , Massachusetts is a Bungalow - style house built c. 1910 .
Karaisalı is a small city and a district in Adana Province of Turkey , administratively a part of the Metropolitan Municipality of Adana .
The William Shipsey House , located at 1266 Mill St. in San Luis Obispo , California , is a historic house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Dłużyna Dolna ( dwuˈʐɨna ˈdɔlna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieńsk , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the German border .
Ardesi ( Persian : اردسي‎ , also Romanized as Ardesī ) is a village in Zaz - e Gharbi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Arcata Wastewater Treatment Plant and Wildlife Sanctuary is an innovative sewer management system employed by the city of Arcata , California .
Zimny Dwór ( ˈʑimnɨ ˈdvur ) ( Cold Court in English)is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The James Ford Bell Library is a special collection of the University of Minnesota Libraries located on the University of Minnesota Minneapolis campus .
The Elliott Museum , located at 825 N.E. Ocean Blvd . on Hutchinson Island in Stuart , Florida , United States , focuses on art , history , and technology .
Chahar Hadd ( Persian : چهارحد‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Ḩadd and Chahār Ḩad ; also known as Chahār Hāt , Chār Ḩadd , and Chārhāt ) is a village in Duzaj Rural District , Kharqan District , Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Tandarak ( Persian : تندرك‎ ; also known as `` Omarābād ) is a village in Anzal - e Jonubi Rural District , Anzal District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 122 , in 21 families .
Santa Teresa CD is a Spanish women 's football club based in Badajoz ( Extremadura ) .
Miłków - Kolonia ( ˈmiu̯kuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Reserve Mines ( 2009 pop . : 2,402 ) is a community in Nova Scotia 's Cape Breton Regional Municipality .
Kalyves ( Greek : Καλύβες ) is a large village in Crete , Greece , the main village in the municipal unit of Armenoi .
The Art Hauser Centre ( formerly the Communiplex ) is a multi - purpose arena in Prince Albert , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Sheaf Square is a municipal square lying immediately east of the city centre of Sheffield , England .
Wang Tau Hom ( Chinese : 橫頭磡 ) is an area in mid - north New Kowloon of Hong Kong .
Newton Reigny is a village in the Eden District , in the English county of Cumbria , near the town of Penrith .
The Latrobe River ( or sometimes La Trobe or LaTrobe ) is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment , located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria .
Vancouver Golf Club , located in the Canadian city of Coquitlam , British Columbia , is the oldest golf club in the Lower Mainland .
Lifuta Town ( simplified Chinese : 利福塔镇 ; traditional Chinese : 利福塔鎮 ; pinyin : Lifuta Zhen ) is an urban town in Sangzhi County , Zhangjiajie , Hunan Province , China .
Guangzong County ( simplified Chinese : 广宗县 ; traditional Chinese : 廣宗縣 ; pinyin : Guǎngzōng Xiàn ) is under the jurisdiction of Xingtai City in southern Hebei province , China .
Shahrabad - e Kord ( Persian : شهرابادكرد‎ , also Romanized as Shahrābād - e Kord ) is a village in Ghazi Rural District , Samalqan District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Moshkabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مشك آباد‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Kamadhenu ( Dharwad ) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Deh Gel Kan ( Persian : ده گل كن‎ , also Romanized as Deh Gelkan ) is a village in Bikah Rural District , Bikah District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Montgomery Street is a north - south thoroughfare in San Francisco , California , in the United States .
The Mahwah River is a tributary of the Ramapo River in Rockland County , New York and Bergen County , New Jersey in the United States .
Caddonfoot ( Scottish Gaelic : Bun Chadain ) is a village on the River Tweed , in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , on the A707 , near Galashiels .
Racięcin ( raˈt͡ɕent͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Haaksbergen ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands , in the province of Overijssel , in the Twente region .
Gateway Motorsports Park ( formerly Gateway International Raceway ) is a race track in Madison , Illinois , just east of St. Louis , Missouri .
Leamy Lake ( in French : Lac Leamy ) is a lake in the Hull sector of Gatineau , Quebec , Canada .
Planting Fields Arboretum State Historic Park , which includes the Coe Hall Historic House Museum , is an arboretum and state park covering over 400 acres ( 160 ha ) located in the village of Upper Brookville in the town of Oyster Bay , New York .
The Grand Traverse Bay Bottomland Preserve is a preservation area that encompasses all of Grand Traverse Bay , a bay of Lake Michigan , in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Tazehabad - e Marivani ( Persian : تازه ابادمريواني‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Marīvānī ) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
R. Nelson Snider High School is a secondary school in the Fort Wayne Community Schools system , serving the north central and northeast neighborhoods of Fort Wayne , Indiana .
The Eggerss - O'Flyng Building is located at 801 South 15th Street in downtown Omaha , Nebraska , United States .
Sapelo Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Georgia , United States , near the southern tip of Sapelo Island .
The other continuing industry , tourism , began after World War II . The Lord Howe Island Group is part of the state of New South Wales that , for legal purposes , is regarded as an unincorporated area administered by the Lord Howe Island Board which reports to the New South Wales Minister for Environment and Heritage .
Fairview - Riverside State Park is a tourist attraction 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) east of Madisonville , Louisiana .
Mohammad Vali Beyk ( Persian : محمدولي بيك‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Valī Beyk and Moḩammad Valī Beyg ) is a village in Dorungar Rural District , Now Khandan District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Lennebergwald is a forest in the north of Rheinhessen in Rhineland - Palatinate in Germany .
Thouaré - sur - Loire ( Breton `` Tarvieg '' ) is a commune in the Loire - Atlantique department in western France .
Markotów Mały ( marˈkɔtuf ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn , within Kluczbork County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Shaghuz Kaleh ( Persian : شاغوزكله‎ , also Romanized as Shāghūz Kaleh ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sokołowo - Kolonia ( sɔkɔˈwɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Dawson City Airport ( IATA : YDA , ICAO : CYDA ) is located 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ; 9.2 mi ) east of Dawson City , Yukon , Canada , in the Klondike River valley , and is operated by the Yukon government .
Przydargiń ( pʂɨˈdarɡiɲ ) ( German Priddargen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Johnson Chapel Missionary Baptist Church ( also known as the Osprey Baptist Church ) is a historic church in Laurel , Florida .
Bankenviertel ( banking district ) is the name of the central business district in Frankfurt , Germany .
Shumar Gewog ( Dzongkha : ཤུ་མར་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Pemagatshel District , Bhutan .
Niemyje - Skłody ( ɲɛˈmɨjɛ ˈskwɔdɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudka , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Humboldt Cave is an archeological site in Churchill County , Nevada , USA that is one of the earliest documented human habitations in North America .
Kettwig is the southernmost borough of the city of Essen in western Germany and , until 1975 , was a town in its own right .
Ardchonnell is a settlement on Loch Awe in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
Bunnefjorden ( English : Bunne Fjord ) is the innermost part of the Oslofjord in south eastern Norway , located east of the Nesodden peninsula .
The Winnipeg Capital Region is a metropolitan area located in the Red River Valley in the south central portion of the province of Manitoba , Canada .
The Old White Mill , also known as Sterling Mill and Pinnock Mill , is a historic grist mill located at Meshoppen , Wyoming County , Pennsylvania .
Tang Julan ( Persian : تنگ جولان‎ , also Romanized as Tang Jūlān ) is a village in Kushk Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Qabanqoli ( Persian : قبان قلي‎ , also Romanized as Qābānqolī ; also known as Qābān `` Alī and Qabānglu ) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District , Pish Khowr District , Famenin County , Hamadan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 18 , in 7 families .
Steklno ( ˈstɛklnɔ ) ( formerly German Stecklin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Plebania Wola ( plɛˈbaɲa ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Sommêtres ( 1,079 m ) are a chain of rocks overlooking the Doubs , north of Le Noirmont in the canton of Canton of Jura .
Westover Church is a historic church located 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) west of Charles City off Virginia State Route 5 in Charles City , Virginia , United States .
Causeway Bay Books ( 銅鑼灣書店 ) , is an independent bookstore and upstairs bookstore in Hong Kong .
Pitlochry railway station serves the town of Pitlochry in Perth and Kinross , Scotland .
Fairlane Green also known as `` The Hill '' , is a power center in the United States city of Allen Park , Michigan .
Kuch Elqar ( Persian : كوچ القار‎ , also Romanized as Kūch Elqār ; also known as Kūch and Kooch Mo’men Abad ) is a village in Kahshang Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sheykhlan ( Persian : شيخلان‎ , also Romanized as Sheykhlān ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Anthony Holmead Archeological Site , at Mitchell Park , is a historic site located at 1801 23rd Street , Northwest , Washington , D.C. , in the Sheridan - Kalorama neighborhood .
Dulverton is a small town and civil parish in the heart of West Somerset , England , near the border with Devon .
Pinczyn ( ˈpint͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Korbeek - Dijle is a village in the Belgian province Flemish Brabant and is part of the municipality of Bertem .
The Abbie Greenleaf Library is the public library in Franconia , New Hampshire .
The Crucible Theatre is a theatre built in 1971 in the city centre of Sheffield , South Yorkshire , England .
Cheshmeh Rubah ( Persian : چشمه روباه‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Rūbāh and Chashmeh Rūbāh ; also known as Chashmeh Rībāt , Cheshmeh Robāţ , and Rūbāh ) is a village in Khosrowabad Rural District , Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Lubiszynek Pierwszy ( lubiˈʂɨnɛk ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostaszewo , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Smerzyn ( ˈsmɛʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabiszyn , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Starling Inlet or Sha Tau Kok Hoi ( Chinese : 沙頭角海 ) is a harbour in northeast New Territories , Hong Kong .
The Dartmouth Yacht Club is a yacht club located in Wright 's Cove in Halifax Harbour 's Bedford Basin next to Burnside Industrial Park in Dartmouth , Nova Scotia Canada .
Poughkeepsie Almshouse and City Infirmary is a historic almshouse and infirmary complex located at Poughkeepsie , Dutchess County , New York .
Chociwle ( xɔˈt͡ɕivlɛ ) ( German Friedrichsfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Stanwood IOOF Public Hall , in Stanwood , Washington , is a building that was constructed in 1902 .
Narsarsuk Glacier is a glacier in the southeastern Byam Martin Mountains of Bylot Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Promnice ( prɔmˈnit͡sɛ ) ( German : Premnitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonak , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Marford and Hoseley is still , however , a separate ward of Wrexham County Borough , having a population of 2,458 at the 2001 census .
Niagara Falls ( /naɪˈæɡrə/ , Cayuga : Gahnawehtaˀ or Tgahnawęhtaˀ ) is the collective name for three waterfalls that straddle the international border between Canada and the United States ; more specifically , between the province of Ontario and the state of New York .
Makoszyn ( maˈkɔʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Gola Dzierżoniowska ( ˈɡɔla d͡ʑerʐɔˈɲɔfska ) ( German : Guhlau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemcza , within Dzierżoniów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Torre del Oro ( English : `` Tower of Gold '' ) is a dodecagonal military watchtower in Seville , southern Spain , built by the Almohad dynasty in order to control access to Seville via the Guadalquivir river .
The Windy Hill Fitness Centre is a multipurpose aquatic facility and health club in Essendon , Victoria .
The Place Saint - Michel is a public square in the Latin Quarter , on the borderline between the fifth and sixth arrondissements of Paris , France .
Chilanko Forks is an unincorporated settlement as well as a First Nations community of the Tsilhqot'in people , lcoated on the north bank of the Chilanko River just northeast of Tatla Lake , and immediately south of Puntzi Lake , in the Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia .
Tuman Ahmad ( Persian : تومان احمد‎ , also Romanized as Tūmān Aḩmad ) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District , Gafr and Parmon District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Pir Alilu ( Persian : پيرعليلو‎ , also Romanized as Pīr `` Alīlū ; also known as Pīr `` Alī ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 68 , in 16 families .
Bridgeton Central railway station was located in Glasgow , Scotland and served the Bridgeton area of that city .
Naghar ia a small village located in the Bageshwar district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand .
Nowkardar ( Persian : نوكردار‎ , also Romanized as Nowkardār ) is a village in Bask - e Kuleseh Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Corbiac chapel is a historic chapel and former monastery located in the French Pyrenees ( département Pyrénées - Orientales ) between the villages of Molitg - les - Bains and Mosset .
The Gordon Dam , also known as the Gordon River Dam , is a major gated double curvature concrete arch dam with a controlled spillway across the Gordon River , located in South West Tasmania , Australia .
Sierentz ( French pronunciation : ​(siʁɛnts ) ; Alsatian : Siarez ; German : Sierenz ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace in north - eastern France .
Red Deer County is a municipal district in central Alberta , Canada within Census Division No . 8 and surrounding the City of Red Deer .
The Albany Research Center , now part of National Energy Technology Laboratory ( NETL ) , is a U.S. Department of Energy laboratory staffed by Federal employees located in Albany , Oregon .
Los Osos Oaks State Natural Reserve is a California State Park in western San Luis Obispo County , in the Central Coast of California region .
Lateri ( Hindi : लटेरी ) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Vidisha district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Dabney S. Lancaster Community College ( DSLCC ) is one of 23 public community colleges in the Virginia Community College System .
The Helmut Ullrich Astronomical Observatory is situated on Col Druscie , a mountain peak in the Dolomites located within Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy .
Letchmore Heath is a village in Hertfordshire in England , situated about three miles east of Watford .
Shenley Church End is a village , district and civil parish in Milton Keynes England .
The San Joaquin Wildlife Sanctuary is a 300 acres ( 120 ha ; 0.47 sq mi ) constructed wetland in Irvine , California , in the flood plain of San Diego Creek just above its outlet into the Upper Newport Bay .
Cherrybrook Technology High School was officially opened on 15 May 1992 by the Hon Nick Greiner ( who was the Premier of New South Wales at the time ) .
Colwell Cut Viaduct , also known as Hogback Hill Bridge , is a historic concrete arch bridge located at Mahoning Township in Armstrong County , Pennsylvania .
Lewknor is a village and civil parish about 5 miles ( 8 km ) south of Thame in Oxfordshire , Close to the borders of nearby Buckinghamshire .
Radmanići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радманићи ) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Sharag ( Persian : شارگ‎ , also Romanized as Shārag ; also known as Qal``eh - ye Shārak and Shārak ) is a village in Talang Rural District , Talang District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,058 , in 218 families .
Węgleniec ( vɛŋˈɡlɛɲɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Tajarak - e Pain ( Persian : تجرك پائين‎ , also Romanized as Tajarak - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Abali Rural District , Rudehen District , Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The House at 92 Willard Street in Quincy , Massachusetts , is , somewhat oddly , believed to be the only granite house ever built in the city , which is well known for its granite quarries .
Rumeshteh Mowmenabad ( Persian : رومشته مؤمن آباد‎‎ , also Romanized as Rūmeshteh Mow'menābād ; also known as Mow'menābād ) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Catawissa Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meetinghouse at South and 3rd Streets in Catawissa , Columbia County , Pennsylvania .
Bid Mohammadi ( Persian : بيدمحمدي‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Moḩammadī ; also known as Rūd Shīr - e Bālā and Rūd Shīr - e Bīd Moḩammadī ) is a village in Khafri Rural District , in the Central District of Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Assabet Valley Regional Technical High School ( AVRTHS ) is a vocational school in the city of Marlborough , Massachusetts .
Przyspa ( ˈpʂɨspa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuczbork - Osada , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Brevard College is a small , private , United Methodist , liberal arts college in Brevard , North Carolina , United States .
Suroshan ( Persian : سورشان‎ , also Romanized as Sūroshān and Sorshan ; also known as Shūrshānī and Sūrshānī ) is a village in Niyarak Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Red Bluff Dam is a dam in the Pecos River , situated about 40 miles ( approx . 64 kilometers ) north of Pecos , Texas .
Alamdari ( Persian : علمداري‎ , also Romanized as `` Alamdārī ) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District , in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 57 , in 12 families .
Chevry - en - Sereine is a commune located in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France region in north - central France .
Rozwarowo ( rɔzvaˈrɔvɔ ) ( German : Ribbertow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Halu Chak ( Persian : هلوچاك‎ , also Romanized as Halū Chāk ) is a village in Kojid Rural District , Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Gunstock Mountain Resort , originally known as Belknap Mountain Recreation Area , is a sports complex located on Gunstock Mountain in Gilford , New Hampshire .
Lemeshynske ( Ukrainian : Лемешинське ) is a village ( a selo ) in the Zaporizhia Raion ( district ) of Zaporizhia Oblast in southern Ukraine .
Boston Hollow is a deep ravine in Ashford , Connecticut .
Lake Toxaway is the largest privately held lake in North Carolina .
Melfort ( Miller Field ) Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CJZ3 ) , is located 2.6 nautical miles ( 4.8 km ; 3.0 mi ) west of Melfort , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Borgentreich is a municipality in Höxter district in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport ( IATA : DCA , ICAO : KDCA , FAA LID : DCA ) is a major airport 3 miles ( 5 km ) south of downtown Washington , D.C. , in Arlington County , Virginia , United States .
The Belair railway line is a suburban rail commuter route in the city of Adelaide , South Australia , that runs from the Adelaide station to Belair in the Adelaide Hills via the Adelaide - Wolseley line .
Herbow ( Persian : هربو‎ ) is a village in Shalal and Dasht - e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Tour Eiffel Bridge , also known as the Montcalm Street Bridge is a small but ornate bridge in Gatineau , Quebec .
Dinting Vale is a village in Glossopdale , Derbyshire , England , UK , near Higher Dinting , Dinting and Glossop .
Anar Din ( Persian : اناردين‎ , also Romanized as Anār Dīn , Anār ed Dīn , and Anār od Dīn ) is a village in Gahrbaran - e Shomali Rural District , Gahrbaran District , Miandorud County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Castrillo de la Vega is a Spanish town and municipality in the south of the province of Burgos , in the Ribera del Duero wine region .
The Edythe C. and Stanley L. Harrison Opera House , also known as the Harrison Opera House , is the official home of the Virginia Opera in the Ghent district of Norfolk , Virginia .
The Batavia Depot Museum is a museum in Batavia , Illinois that was once the town 's Chicago , Burlington , and Quincy Railroad Depot .
Boleszów ( bɔˈlɛʂuf ) ( German : Wilhelmswalde ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Susz , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Central Ostrobothnia ( Finnish : Keski - Pohjanmaa ; Swedish : Mellersta Österbotten ) is a region in Finland .
Soleyman Darab - e Bala ( Persian : سليمانداراب بالا‎ , also Romanized as Soleymān Dārāb - e Bālā ; also known as Soleymān Dārāb , Soliman Darab , Sulaimān Darāb , and Sulayman - Darab ) is a village in Lakan Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Chah Abi - ye Ki Mohammad ( Persian : چاه ابي كي محمد‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Ābī - ye Kī Moḩammad ) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District , Fath Olmobin District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Rainbow Bridge National Monument is administered by Glen Canyon National Recreation Area , southern Utah , USA .
Kukh Sheykh ol Eslam ( Persian : كوخ شيخ الاسلام‎ , also Romanized as Kūkh Sheykh ol Eslām ; also known as Sheykh ol Eslām ) is a village in Posht - e Arbaba Rural District , Alut District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Municipal District of Bonnyville No . 87 is a municipal district in northeastern Alberta , Canada in Division No . 12 .
Witheridge is a village and civil parish in the North Devon district of Devon , England .
Brodnia Górna ( ˈbrɔdɲa ˈɡurna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tighanab Sofla ( Persian : تيغناب سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Tīghanāb Soflá ; also known as Tīghanāb Pa’īn ) is a village in Doreh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sadłowo - Parcele ( sadˈwɔvɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Old Brick Store , also known as the Old Brick Hotel and The Granary , is a historic commercial building located near Smyrna , New Castle County , Delaware .
Kolonie Sojczyn Borowy ( kɔˈlɔɲe ˈsɔi̯t͡ʂɨn bɔˈrɔvɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Barbee Lake is a fresh water lake located in Warsaw , Indiana , United States .
The Portland Police Block , located in downtown Portland , Oregon , and at the southern edge of the Old Town historic district , is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
One Angel Square is an office building in Manchester , England .
Saheb Ettabaâ Mosque , also known as Youssef Saheb Al Tabaa Mosque , is a mosque in Tunis , Tunisia , located in the Halfaouine area of the city .
The Dorrance Inn , also known as the Samuel Dorrance House , is a historic inn at 748 Plainfield Pike in Sterling , Connecticut .
The Châteaux de Saint - Hilaire et des Plas are two historic castles in Curemonte , Corrèze , Limousin , France .
Washington Crossing Bridge ( officially referred to as Washington Crossing Toll Supported Bridge ) is a truss bridge spanning the Delaware River that connects Washington Crossing , Hopewell Township in Mercer County , New Jersey with Washington Crossing , Upper Makefield Township in Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
Eartham is a village and civil parish in the District of Chichester in West Sussex , England located 8.5 kilometres ( 5.3 mi ) north east of Chichester east of the A285 road .
Adkins Arboretum ( 400 acres ) is a native garden and arboretum located within Tuckahoe State Park at 12610 Eveland Road , Ridgely , Maryland .
Raymondville Parabolic Bridge is a historic lenticular truss bridge located at Raymondville in St. Lawrence County , New York .
Chuanying District ( simplified Chinese : 船营区 ; traditional Chinese : 船營區 ; pinyin : Chuányíng Qū ) is a district of Jilin City , Jilin , People 's Republic of China .
The Waterloo - Pinckney Trail is a 36-mile - long hiking trail which runs through Waterloo State Recreation Area and Pinckney Recreation Area in southeastern Michigan , USA .
The Via Dolorosa ( Latin : `` Way of Grief , '' `` Way of Sorrows , '' `` Way of Suffering '' or simply `` Painful Way '' ; Arabic : طريق الآلام ) is a street within the Old City of Jerusalem , held to be the path that Jesus walked on the way to his crucifixion .
The Temple of Antoninus and Faustina is an ancient Roman temple in Rome , adapted to the church of San Lorenzo in Miranda .
The Houston County Courthouse and Jail , located at 304 Marshall Street South in Caledonia , Houston County in the U.S. state of Minnesota , consists of a Romanesque stone courthouse featuring a prominent center tower , built in 1883 and an Italianate stone jail and sheriff residence built in 1875 .
Trebień ( ˈtrɛbjɛɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Angels Attic is a museum of dollhouses , toys , and miniatures located in Santa Monica , California .
Filmstaden ( The Film Town ) was a film studio situated in Råsunda , Solna Municipality in Stockholm , Sweden .
Simlångsdalen is a locality situated in Halmstad Municipality , Halland County , Sweden , with 587 inhabitants as of 2010 .
Patrica is an ancient hill - top comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) southeast of Rome and about 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) southwest of Frosinone .
Porpetto ( Friulian : Porpêt ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northwest of Trieste and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) south of Udine .
The Secrest Octagon Barn is an historic octagonal barn which is located near Downey , Johnson County , Iowa .
Peace College Main Building is the focal point of the Peace College campus in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Szczypiornia ( ʂt͡ʂɨˈpjɔrɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Grabowce Górne ( ɡraˈbɔft͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowodwór , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Charlęż ( ˈxarlɛ̃ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Spiczyn , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Kenai Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Good Time Park was a mile - long race track in Goshen , New York that hosted the Hambletonian harness race from 1930 to 1956 .
Baker Bridge , also known as Huntingdon County Bridge No . 14 , is a historic reinforced concrete closed spandrel arch bridge spanning the Great Trough Creek and located at Todd Township , Huntingdon County , Pennsylvania .
Auke Mountain is a mountain in the city and borough of Juneau , Alaska , United States .
Philosophers Ridge is the long spur that connects Mount Lyell and Mount Owen in the West Coast Range of Western Tasmania .
Goworowice ( ɡɔvɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Gauers ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamiennik , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Huolu ( simplified Chinese : 获鹿 ; traditional Chinese : 獲鹿 ; pinyin : Huòlù ) is a town and the seat of Luquan City in the eastern foothills of the Taihang Mountains in southwestern Hebei province , China , As of 2011 , it has 12 residential communities ( 居委会 ) and 27 villages under its administration .
Czarnochowice ( t͡ʂarnɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka , within Wieliczka County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Kmehlener Berge are a group of low hills in the south of the German state of Brandenburg within the county of Oberspreewald - Lausitz near the town of Ortrand and the village of Großkmehlen on the state border with Saxony .
Kash Kalayeh ( Persian : كشكلايه‎ , also Romanized as Kash Kalāyeh ) is a village in Amlash - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Musaabad - e Bakhtiari ( Persian : موسي ابادبختياري‎ , also Romanized as Mūsáābād - e Bakhtīārī and Mūsáābād - e Bakhtīār ) is a village in Behnamvasat - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Qamlu ( Persian : قاملو‎ , also Romanized as Qāmlū ) is a village in Panjeh Ali - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Seefeld Saddle ( German : Seefelder Sattel ) is a saddle and mountain pass , 1,185 m AA , in the Northern Limestone Alps in the Austrian federal state of Tyrol .
Rastab ( Persian : راستاب‎ , also Romanized as Rāstāb ; also known as Rāstābād ) is a village in Mizdej - e Sofla Rural District , in the Central District of Farsan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Northern Savonia ( Finnish : Pohjois - Savo ; Swedish : Norra Savolax ) is a region in eastern Finland .
Cape Henry Collegiate School ( also known as Cape Henry or CHCS ) is an independent coeducational school in Virginia Beach , Virginia .
Huron County Memorial Airport ( ICAO : KBAX , FAA LID : BAX ) is a county - owned , public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) south of the central business district of Bad Axe , a city in Huron County , Michigan , United States .
KEEP is a commercially supported FM radio station serving the general area of Fredericksburg , Texas , due west from Austin and due north of San Antonio .
Posht Koreh ( Persian : پشتكره‎‎ , also Romanized as Posht - e Koreh ) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Daresbury is a village , civil parish and ward in the unitary authority of Halton and part of the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
KCOH ( 1230 AM ) is a radio station in Houston , Texas .
Velji Lug ( Serbian : Вељи Луг ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Laskówka Delastowska ( lasˈkufka dɛlasˈtɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczucin , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Greenhill Cemetery is a cemetery in Amsterdam , New York founded in 1857 .
Estadio Gasmart ( formerly known as Estadio Nacional de Tijuana and Estadio de Beisbol Calimax ) is a professional baseball stadium located in Tijuana , Baja California , in Mexico with a capacity of 16,811 , all seated .
Glenala State High School is a high school located on Glenala Road in Durack , Brisbane , Queensland , Australia on the border with Inala .
Royal Air Force Leeming or RAF Leeming is a Royal Air Force station located near Leeming , North Yorkshire , England .
Banc du Geyser ( also Banc du Geysir ) is a mostly submerged reef in the Mozambique Channel 's northeastern part , 125 km ( 78 mi ) northeast from Mayotte , 112 km ( 70 mi ) southwest of the Glorioso Islands , and 200 km ( 124 mi ) off the northwestern coast of Madagascar .
Taj Boston is a luxury hotel located in Boston , Massachusetts .
Aghuz Darreh ( Persian : اغوزدره‎ , also Romanized as Āghūz Darreh and Āghūzdarreh ; also known as Āghūzdar and Āghūz Dar ) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Galugah County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Llangennith ( Welsh : Llangenydd / Llangynydd ) is a village in Gower , in the City and County of Swansea , south Wales .
Riuma is a village in Tarvastu Parish , Viljandi County , Estonia , approximately 1000 meters from the western shore of the lake Võrtsjärv , 17 km ( 10 miles ) southeast of the town of Viljandi .
The Carnegie Center for Art & History , within the Downtown Historic District of New Albany , Indiana , is a local museum .
Kłobukowo ( kwɔbuˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Heidefeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuchowo , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Widzieńsko ( viˈd͡ʑeɲskɔ ) ( German : Hohenbrück ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Stogniewice ( stɔɡɲɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychtal , within Kępno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Tell Aalaq is an archaeological site 3k west of Rayak in the Beqaa Mohafazat ( Governorate ) .
Marina City is a mixed - use residential / commercial building complex that occupies an entire city block on State Street in Chicago , Illinois .
New Dorp Beach is along the shore of the neighborhood of New Dorp , on the south shore of Staten Island , one of the five boroughs of New York City .
Boston College School of Social Work ( BCSSW ) is a professional degree program located in Chestnut Hill , Massachusetts near the city of Boston .
BREN Tower was a guyed steel framework mast , 1,527 ft ( 465 m ) high , on the Nevada Test Site in Nevada , USA .
Rylowa ( rɨˈlɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczurowa , within Brzesko County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Lone Peak Wilderness is a 30,088-acre ( 121.76 km2 ) wilderness area located within the Uinta and the Wasatch - Cache National Forest in the U.S. state of Utah .
Kareh Rud ( Persian : كره رود‎ , also Romanized as Kareh Rūd ) is a village in Jirandeh Rural District , Amarlu District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Buena Regional School District is a comprehensive regional public school district serving students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from three communities in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Palmierowo ( palmjɛˈrɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Lake Ainslie on Cape Breton Island is the largest natural freshwater lake in Nova Scotia .
Motkowice ( mɔtkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Zatorze - Kolonia ( zaˈtɔʐɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Thirukkadaiyur ( Thirukadavur ) is a temple town on the east coast of Tamil Nadu , about 300 km south of Chennai and 15 km north of Karaikal .
The Davis Lake volcanic field , is a volcanic field with a group of andesitic cinder cones , lava flows and basaltic andesite shield volcanos east of the Cascade Range of Oregon , USA .
Ayaz Kandi ( Persian : ايازكندي‎ , also Romanized as Ayāẕ Kandī ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Dartmouth College ( /ˈdɑːrtməθ/ DART - məth ) is a private , Ivy League , research university in Hanover , New Hampshire , United States .
Fontana Rosa is a historic garden situated on the Avenue Blasco Ibáñez in Menton , Alpes - Maritimes , on the French Riviera .
Fort Garry , also known as Upper Fort Garry , was a Hudson 's Bay Company trading post at the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine rivers in what is now downtown Winnipeg .
Lamporo ( Lampeu in Piedmontese ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) southwest of Vercelli .
The James T. Foley United States Courthouse is a stone Art Deco federal courthouse , located on Broadway ( New York State Route 32 ) in downtown Albany , New York , United States .
Frinvillier , in German Friedliswart , is a village in the Canton of Bern , district of Courtelary .
Bowithick is a hamlet on the northern edge of Bodmin Moor in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Cockfosters is a suburb of north London , lying partly in the London Borough of Enfield and partly in the London Borough of Barnet .
Chagherbit - e Bala ( Persian : چغربيت بالا‎ , also Romanized as Chagherbīt - e Bālā ; also known as Jowgharbīt and Joghrbīt ) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Tešica ( Serbian : Тешица ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac , Serbia .
Salisbury Composite High School , often referred to as Sal or Sal Comp , is a public high school located in Sherwood Park , Alberta , Canada .
The Sam Kee Building , located at 8 West Pender Street in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , is noteworthy for being the shallowest commercial building in the world , according to the Guinness Book of Records .
Ryton - on - Dunsmore is a village and civil parish in the Rugby district of Warwickshire , south - east of Coventry , England .
First Baptist Church , Kingston is a historic church at 4600 Ninth Avenue North in Birmingham , Alabama .
Mayfield Canyon , a canyon northwest of the town of Bishop in Inyo County , California .
Nestan ( Persian : نستان‎ , also Romanized as Nestān ; also known as Neyestān and Nīstān ) is a village in Gavork - e Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
James Mills Storehouse , also known as the Old Tobacco Warehouse , is a historic store located at Urbanna , Middlesex County , Virginia .
WKTN is one of two radio stations operating in Hardin County , Ohio , United States .
Emory Point is a mixed - use development on Clifton Road in Druid Hills , unincorporated DeKalb County , Georgia , adjacent to Atlanta .
Orange Creek is a small stream in north - central and northeast Florida , that drains Orange Lake to the Ocklawaha River .
Truman Bodden Sports Complex is a multi - use complex in George Town , Cayman Islands .
Aghbolagh - e Hashtrud ( Persian : اغبلاغ هشترود‎ , also Romanized as Āghbolāgh - e Hashtrūd ; also known as Āq Bolāgh and Āqbolāgh - e Hashtrūd ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Aarau railway station ( German : Bahnhof Aarau ) serves the municipality of Aarau , capital city of the canton of Aargau , Switzerland .
Sham Siahan ( Persian : شم سياهان‎ , also Romanized as Sham Sīāhān ) is a village in Surak Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Barkocin ( barˈkɔt͡ɕin ) ( German : Barkotzen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The J. C. Fox Building , located at 115 S. Main St. in Hailey , Idaho , is a historic building built in 1920 .
The Main Street - Albertson Street - Park Place Historic District is located in the residential neighborhood just west of US 9 near central Hyde Park , New York , United States .
Kargan Rud District ( Persian : بخش کرگان‌رود‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Atlin Lake is a lake in northwestern British Columbia and is that province 's largest natural lake , covering 300 sq mi ( 780 km2 ) .
Dufferin Grove is a neighbourhood located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , west of downtown .
The Andover Inn is a historic inn located on the campus of Phillips Academy in Andover , Massachusetts .
Chinsegut Hill , at an elevation of 269 feet ( 82 m ) , is one of the highest points in peninsular Florida .
Naval Base San Diego , sometimes called 32nd Street Naval Station , is one of the largest bases of the United States Navy in San Diego , California .
Keller Lake is a surface water body in the Northwest Territories of Canada .
The Marriott School of Management is a business school located in Provo , Utah at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) , a private university in the United States of America owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
Kundaj ( Persian : كوندج‎ , also Romanized as Kūndaj , Kondaj , Kavandaj and Kavandūj ) is a village in Kuhpayeh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Woodchuck Lodge , also known as John Burroughs Memorial State Historic Site is in Roxbury in the western Catskills of Delaware County , New York , was a summertime home of naturalist John Burroughs .
Kiemiany ( kʲɛˈmjanɨ ) ( German Kämmen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Piz Arpschella is a mountain of the Albula Alps , located west of Zernez in Graubünden .
Bilsener Bek ( in Low German Bilsener Beek)s a river of Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
The Old DuPage County Courthouse is a Richardsonian Romanesque style court house designed by Mifflin E. Bell in Wheaton , Illinois , United States .
Titak ( Persian : تي تك‎ , also Romanized as Tītak ; also known as Tītaq and Tūtak ) is a village in Saheli - ye Jokandan Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The State Institute for Music Research ( German : Staatliches Institut für Musikforschung or SIMPK ) is a musicological research facility in Berlin , Germany for the study of Musical Instruments , Music History , Music Theory and Music technology .
Sematan ( also known as Simatan ) is a settlement in the Lundu district of Sarawak , Malaysia .
311 South Wacker Drive in Chicago , USA , is a post - modern 65-story skyscraper completed in 1990 .
Yedi Daraq ( Persian : يدي درق‎ , also Romanized as Yedī Daraq ) is a village in Ojarud - e Sharqi Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kota Belud is a town located in the West Coast Division of the state of Sabah , east Malaysia on the island of Borneo .
Bracken Baptist Church ( Old Minerva Church ) is a historic church on CR 1235 in Minerva , Kentucky .
The Hingham Naval Ammunition Depot Annex , sometimes called the `` Cohasset Annex '' or `` Hingham Annex '' by local residents , covered sections of the towns of Hingham , Cohasset , Norwell , and Scituate Massachusetts .
Swinbrook and Widford is a civil parish in West Oxfordshire formed in 1932 .
Tirur is a municipal town in Malappuram district in the Indian state of Kerala spread over an area of 16.55 square kilometres ( 6.39 sq mi ) .
Studeničani Municipality ( Macedonian : Студеничани , Albanian : Studeniçani ) is a municipality in central Republic of Macedonia .
Mazurowice ( mazurɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malczyce , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
E. O. Smith High School , named after Edwin O. Smith , is a secondary school located in Storrs , Connecticut , United States .
The Arts & College Preparatory Academy , or APCA , is a tuition - free , public , charter high school located on the east side of Columbus , Ohio , USA , serving students in grades 9 - -12 .
The Track is a multi - use stadium in Saint Sampson , Guernsey .
Balintore Castle is a Victorian Category A listed building in Scotland .
Valley View Island is an island bar on the South Branch Potomac River near Romney in the U.S. state of West Virginia .
Kuk Deh ( Persian : كوكده‎ , also Romanized as Kūk Deh ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Dry Drayton is a village and civil parish about 5 miles ( 8 km ) northwest of Cambridge in Cambridgeshire , England , listed as Draitone in the Domesday Book in 1086 .
The Frederick R. Weisman Art Museum is an art museum located on the University of Minnesota campus in Minneapolis .
Trinity Western University ( TWU ) is a private Christian liberal arts university in Langley , British Columbia , Canada .
Ardmore Downtown Executive Airport ( IATA : AHD , FAA LID : 1F0 ) is a city - owned public - use airport located one mile ( 2 km ) southeast of the central business district of Ardmore , a city in Carter County , Oklahoma , United States .
Ulverston is a market town and civil parish in the South Lakeland district of Cumbria in North West England .
The Fourteenth Ward Industrial School is located at 256 - 258 Mott Street between Prince and Houston Streets in the Nolita neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
The Geelong College is an independent and co - educational day and boarding school located in Newtown , an inner - western suburb of Geelong , Victoria , Australia .
Podczasza Wola ( pɔtˈt͡ʂaʂa ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klwów , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Biari is a town , and one of twenty union councils in Battagram District in Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The Ellie Caulkins Opera House , which opened on September 10 , 2005 , is located in Denver , Colorado as part of the large Denver Performing Arts Complex .
Nasiłowo ( naɕiˈwɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Shire of Kara Kara was a local government area about 240 kilometres ( 149 mi ) northwest of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
Beverly Hills Post Office ( BHPO ) is the name given to a section of Los Angeles , California , that lies within the 90210 ZIP code , assigned to the Beverly Hills Post Office .
Ljeskove Vode ( Cyrillic : Љескове Воде ) is a village in the municipality of Doboj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ab Garmuiyeh ( Persian : ابگرموييه‎ , also Romanized as Āb Garmū’īyeh ; also known as Āb Garm and Ābgarmū ) is a village in Dehsard Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Giessen , spelled Gießen in German ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɡiːsən ) ) , is a town in the German federal state ( Bundesland ) of Hesse , capital of both the district of Giessen and the administrative region of Giessen .
Lake Lahontan was a large endorheic Pleistocene lake of modern northwestern Nevada that extended into northeastern California and southern Oregon .
Great Burdon is a village in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham , England .
Area code 917 is a telephone area code for all of the five boroughs of New York City ( Brooklyn , Manhattan , Queens , Staten Island , and the Bronx ) .
Ubbergen ( pronunciation ) is a former municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands , in the municipality of Berg en Dal ( formerly known as Groesbeek ) .
Seqay ( Persian : سقاي‎ , also Romanized as Seqāy and Saqāy ; also known as Saghay , Sirgai , and Sygay ) is a village in Jushin Rural District , Kharvana District , Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Severnoye Medvedkovo District is an administrative district ( raion ) of North - Eastern Administrative Okrug , and one of the 125 raions of Moscow , Russia .
The Drei - Länder - Stein is a boundary stone at the tripoint of the German federal states of Lower Saxony , Saxony - Anhalt and Thuringia near the Großer Ehrenberg mountain in the Harz .
Hałe ( ˈxawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Wellstead Estuary is an estuarine inlet in the Great Southern region of Western Australia .
Revere Beach Parkway is a historic parkway in the suburbs immediately north of Boston , Massachusetts .
Shawfield Stadium is a greyhound racing venue in the town of Rutherglen , South Lanarkshire , Scotland , located close to the boundary with Glasgow .
The Kennedy Interchange , unofficially , though universally , referred to as Spaghetti Junction , is the intersection of Interstates 64 , 65 and 71 at the northeastern edge of downtown Louisville , Kentucky , USA .
Dudhu Chak ( Punjabi , Urdu : دودہوچک‎ ) is the largest town in Shakargarh Tehsil , North - East of Narowal District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Jay Funeral Home , now known as the Robertson - Jay Funeral Home , is an historic structure and funeral home located in Ottumwa , Iowa , United States .
The Bluemont Historic District comprises the historic core of Bluemont , Virginia .
Penrith High School ( abbreviated to PHS ) is an academically selective , public , co - educational secondary school located in Penrith , a Western Suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Parzniew ( ˈpaʐɲef ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brwinów , within Pruszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Wijnendale Castle ( Dutch : Kasteel van Wijnendale ) is an historically important castle near the village of Wijnendale , now in the municipality of Torhout , in West Flanders , Belgium .
Camp Scatico is a brother - sister sleep - away camp for boys and girls located in the upper Hudson Valley of New York State , in the town of Elizaville , which is in Columbia County .
Highgrove House is the family residence of Charles , Prince of Wales , and Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , situated south west of Tetbury in Gloucestershire , England .
Duntarvie Castle is a ruined Scots Renaissance house in West Lothian , Scotland .
The Gschwandtkopf is a mountain south of the ski resort of Seefeld in Tirol in the Austrian state of Tyrol .
Petrobras Headquarters is a brutalist office building used by Petrobras in the Centro neighbourhood of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
The Don College is located in Don , a suburb of Devonport on the North - West coast of Tasmania .
Klonari ( Greek : Κλωνάρι ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located east of Kellaki .
Camp Ramah in New England ( CRNE ) , located in Palmer , Massachusetts , is one of the oldest Ramah summer camps , organized by a jewish conservation center .
Shinahota Municipality ( also sometimes spelled Sinahota or Shinaota ) is the second municipal section of the Tiraque Province in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia .
MacKay United Church is a United Church of Canada church in the New Edinburgh neighbourhood of Ottawa , Canada .
Newmarket High School is an Ontario secondary school located at 505 Pickering Crescent , off Mulock Drive in Newmarket , Ontario , Canada .
Crespi Carmelite High School , called Crespi , is a private , Roman Catholic , four - year college preparatory all - male high school located in Encino in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles , in the U.S. state of California .
Filabad ( Persian : فيل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Fīlābād ) is a village in Mizdej - e Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Farsan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Ter Aar was merged into the municipality of Nieuwkoop on 1 January 2007 .
The Beebe and Runyan Furniture Showroom and Warehouse is located at 105 South 9th Street in Downtown Omaha , Nebraska .
Mahur Berenji Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ماهوربرنجی‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Feira de Santana ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈfejɾɐ dʒi sɐ̃ˈtɐ̃nɐ ) ; Portuguese for `` Saint Anne 's Fair '' ) is a city in Bahia , Brazil .
Kushk - e Bala ( Persian : كوشك بالا‎ , also Romanized as Kūshḵ - e Bālā ) is a village in Adaran Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Kamica ( kaˈmit͡sa ) ( German : Kämitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Casa Malaparte ( also Villa Malaparte ) is a house on Punta Massullo , on the eastern side of the Isle of Capri , Italy .
Peterstone or Peterstone Wentlooge ( Welsh : Llanbedr Gwynllŵg ) is a small hamlet to the south west of the city of Newport , South Wales .
Lompoc Airport ( IATA : LPC , ICAO : KLPC ) is a public airport located just north of the city of Lompoc in Santa Barbara County , California , USA .
Oleai Sports Complex is a multi - use stadium in Saipan on the western Pacific Ocean Northern Mariana Islands .
The Washington Street Plaza is a pedestrian plaza on Washington Street between Carlisle and Albany Streets in the Battery Park City neighborhood of lower Manhattan .
The Reamer Barn is a historic barn near the village of Oberlin in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio .
Brevet Lt . General Winfield Scott is an equestrian statue in Washington , D.C. , that honors career military officer Winfield Scott .
Bhuvasan is a village in the Surat Metropolitan Region , part of the Navsari district of the Indian state of Gujarat .
Saice ( Serbian : Саице ) is a village in the municipality of Pale , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Union Pass is a high mountain pass in the Wind River Range situated in Fremont County of western Wyoming in the United States .
Lehigh Career and Technical Institute ( LCTI ) , located in Schnecksville , Pennsylvania , is one of the largest career and technical institutes in the United States .
Bala Marzbal ( Persian : بالامرزبال‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Marzbāl ) is a village in Gatab - e Jonubi Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tappeh - ye Babaganjeh ( Persian : تپه باباگنجه‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh - ye Bābāganjeh ) is a village in Nazlu - e Shomali Rural District , Nazlu District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Szopy ( ˈʂɔpɨ ) ( German : Aschbuden ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Woodward Federal Courthouse and Post Office in Woodward , Oklahoma was built in 1921 .
Max the Mutt College of Animation , Art & Design ( formerly Max The Mutt Animation School ) is a Canadian private Career College , located in Toronto , Ontario .
The Littleton Town Building , also known as the Littleton Opera House , is a historic municipal building at 1 Union Street in Littleton , New Hampshire .
Schuylkill Gap is a water gap through Blue Mountain located about 3 miles north of Hamburg , Pennsylvania .
Flatirons Community Church is a large non - denominational church in Lafayette , Colorado , a northern suburb of Denver , Colorado , USA .
The Roy Grounds House was designed as a prototype for Roy 's latter project 10 years later on the National Gallery of Victoria ( NGV ) located on St . Kilda Road , Melbourne .
Kolongo or Kolongo Tomo is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Macina in the Ségou Region of southern - central Mali .
The parish and village of Othery , established in 1515 , sits on a detached extension of Sowy island on the Somerset Levels .
Lofton Reservoir , also known locally as None , is an earthen impoundment of water located 6,100 feet ( 1,900 m ) above sea level in Lake County , Oregon , United States .
The Bundesstraße 6 ( abbr . B6 ) is a German federal highway running from Bremerhaven on the North Sea coast in a southeasterly direction through the states of Lower Saxony , Bremen , Saxony - Anhalt and Saxony to Görlitz on the Polish border .
The Boulevard at the Capital Centre is an open - air shopping center in Landover , Maryland , located on the site of the former Capital Centre , the former home of the Washington Bullets and Washington Capitals .
Fahraj ( Persian : فهرج‎ , also Romanized as Fahrej ) , formerly Narmāshīr and Irānshahr ( ایرانشهر ) , is a city in and the capital of Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Shadan ( Persian : شادان‎ , also Romanized as Shādān ) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Seyyed Hoseyn Musavi ( Persian : سيدحسين موسوي‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Ḩoseyn Mūsavī ) is a village in Jahad Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sandpoint Airport ( ICAO : KSZT , FAA LID : SZT ) is a county - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) north of the central business district of Sandpoint , in Bonner County , Idaho , United States .
Piwowary ( pivɔˈvarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goniądz , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Sarjuiyeh ( Persian : سرجوييه‎ , also Romanized as Sarjū’īyeh and Sar Joo’eyeh ; also known as Sarjū’īyeh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Abnama Rural District , in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Streets at Southpoint is a shopping mall located in Durham , North Carolina , in the United States .
Croftburn Farm is a historic farm complex located near Culpeper , Culpeper County , Virginia .
Langland Bay is a popular coastal holiday resort in Gower , Swansea in south Wales .
Weno ( formerly Moen ) is an island municipality of Chuuk State of the Federated States of Micronesia ( FSM ) and is the largest city in the country .
Waleriany ( valɛˈrjanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pardalabad , Zahedan ( Persian : پردل‌آباد‎ ) is a village in Dumak Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Chilliwack River Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the north side of the Chilliwack River to the southeast of the City of Chilliwack in the province 's Lower Mainland region .
Trzylatków - Parcela ( tʂɨˈlatkuf parˈt͡sɛla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Podcerkwy ( pɔtˈt͡sɛrkfɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Białowieża , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Kurukuru is a village located in Deverapllai mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Ulandra Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located in the west hills of the Southern Tablelands and eastern Riverina regions of New South Wales in eastern Australia .
The Columbia River Exhibition of History , Science , and Technology ( CREHST ) was a non - profit museum and science center located in Richland , Washington , dedicated to telling the story of the Columbia Basin and surrounding region .
Podlinówek ( pɔdliˈnuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
WDBM ( 88.9 FM ) , East Lansing , Michigan , is a 2,000 watt , Class A , student - run college radio station at Michigan State University that broadcasts to listeners in the Lansing , Michigan , metropolitan area .
Primorje - Gorski Kotar County ( Croatian : Primorsko - goranska županija ) is a county in western Croatia that includes the Bay of Kvarner , the surrounding Northern Croatian Littoral , and the mountainous region of Gorski kotar .
Custer State Park is a state park and wildlife reserve in the Black Hills of southwestern South Dakota , USA .
Majdany Wielkie ( mai̯ˈdanɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Marillac College was a Catholic sisters ' college in St. Louis , Missouri .
The DeFreest Homestead is a historic house and barn located in the Rensselaer Technology Park in North Greenbush , New York , United States .
Tavernes Blanques ( Valencian pronunciation : ( taˈvɛɾnez ˈβlaŋkes ) , Spanish : Tabernes Blanques ) is a municipality in the comarca of Horta Nord in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Khiyarkar ( Persian : خياركار‎ , also Romanized as Khīyārkār ) is a village in Bazoft Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Posucice ( pɔsuˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice , within Głubczyce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Kłodobok ( kwɔˈdɔbɔk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamiennik , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Pine Needles Lodge and Golf Club is a country club in Southern Pines , North Carolina .
Hillhead High School is a day school in Glasgow , Scotland , on Oakfield Avenue , neighbouring the University of Glasgow .
Pleasant Inn , also known as William F. Simmons House , is a historic boarding house located at Myrtle Beach in Horry County , South Carolina .
Qaleh - ye Hoseynabad ( Persian : قلعه حسين اباد‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 465 , in 78 families .
Wólka Soseńska ( ˈvulka sɔˈsɛɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Château d'Aubiry is a building located in Céret ( Pyrénées - Orientales ) and was built from the end of the 19th century to the beginning of the 20th century .
Ochre Court is a large châteauesque mansion in Newport , Rhode Island , USA .
Melk Melk ( Persian : ملك ملك‎‎ ) is a village in Jolgah Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kord Laghari ( Persian : كردلاغري‎ , also Romanized as Kord Lāgharī ; also known as Kord - e Lāgharīb ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Męczyn ( ˈmɛnt͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chuquihuta Municipality , also Chuquihuta Ayllu Jucumani , is the fourth municipal section of the Rafael Bustillo Province in the Potosí Department in Bolivia .
Montauk State Park is a Missouri state park at the headwaters of the Current River near Salem , Missouri that is famous for its rainbow and brown trout angling .
Dülük , ancient Doliche ( Greek : Δολίχη ) is a village in Şehitkamil district , a district of Greater Gaziantep , Turkey .
Manhattan Beach Boulevard is a major east - west thoroughfare in western Los Angeles County .
Grießbach is a German village which is situated in the Ore Mountains ( Erzgebirge ) in Saxony .
Hanulan ( Persian : هانولان‎ , also Romanized as Hānūlān ) is a village in Sharvineh Rural District , Kalashi District , Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Restigouche River ( in French , Rivière Ristigouche ) is a river that flows across the northwestern part of the province of New Brunswick and the southeastern part of Quebec .
Mashk Kar Jalaleh ( Persian : ماشك كارجلاله‎ , also Romanized as Māshk Kār Jalāleh ) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Olkash ( Persian : الكش‎ ; also known as Alenkash and Ulkash ) is a village in Shal Rural District , Shahrud District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Bakesdown is a hamlet in northeast Cornwall , England , United Kingdom at grid reference SS 246 005 .
Hughes River Wildlife Management Area is located in Wirt County and Ritchie County near Parkersburg , West Virginia .
The Sauberge is a hill range up to 317 m above sea level ( NN ) in the Innerste Uplands in the district of Hildesheim in eastern Lower Saxony in Germany .
Ban Tam ( Thai : บ้านต๊ำ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Phayao District , in Phayao Province , Thailand .
The Rivanna Subdivision Trestle is a trestle in Richmond , Virginia at the end of the Rivanna Subdivision .
Shea 's Performing Arts Center ( originally Shea 's Buffalo ) is a theater for touring Broadway musicals and special events in Buffalo , New York .
Siedlimowice ( ɕɛdlimɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Schönfeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarów , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Podośno ( pɔˈdɔɕnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie , within Słubice County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Böseckendorf is a village in the Teistungen municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Germany .
PalaArgento , full name Palazzetto dello Sport Mario Argento , is an indoor sporting arena in Naples , Italy .
Pih Jik ( Persian : پيه جيك‎ , also Romanized as Pīh Jīk ; also known as Pīh Chīk ) is a village in Solduz Rural District , in the Central District of Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Duszniki - Zdrój ( duʂˈɲikʲi ˈzdrui̯ ) ( German Bad Reinerz ) is a spa town in the Klodzko Valley on the Bystrzyca River in Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , Poland .
The Lumbermen 's Building , also known as the Oregon Trail Building , is an office building located in downtown Portland , Oregon , listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
East Harlem , also colloquially known as El Barrio and previously as Spanish Harlem , is a neighborhood of Upper Manhattan , New York City roughly encompassing the area north of the Upper East Side , and East 96th Street and east of Fifth Avenue to the East and Harlem Rivers .
The Chauga Mound ( 38OC1 ) is an archaeological site once located on the northern bank of the Tugaloo River 1,200 feet ( 370 m ) north of the mouth of the Chauga River in Oconee County , South Carolina in the Lake Hartwell Basin .
Poughill ( pronounced `` Pofil '' or `` Puffil '' ) is a hamlet in north - east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
WIRB ( 1490 AM , `` Gospel Radio WIRB '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Level Plains , Alabama , USA , a suburb of Enterprise , Alabama .
Stoneham High School is a comprehensive , four - year public school located in Stoneham , Massachusetts that offers a range of Comprehensive to Advanced Placement Program courses .
Market Square Park is a public park in Downtown Houston , Texas , United States .
Barr Lake State Park is a Colorado state park established in 1977 in Adams County near Brighton , Colorado .
Birahgan ( Persian : بيراهگان‎ , also Romanized as Bīrāhgān ; also known as Birahkan , Bīr Āvgān , and Bīr Hangān ) is a village in Miankuh - e Moguyi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Walne ( ˈvalnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Golden Hills Wind Project is a proposed electricity generating wind farm facility in Sherman County , Oregon .
Weslemkoon Lake is located in the Township of Addington Highlands , Ontario , Canada , near Denbigh and about 110 km ( 68 mi ) north of Belleville .
The Abbey of Saint - Arnould , St. Arnold , Saint - Arnoult or Abbey of the Holy Apostles is a Benedictine abbey residing in Metz since the 6th century .
Lushab ( Persian : لوشاب‎ , also Romanized as Lūshāb ) is a village in Zarkan Rural District , Meymeh District , Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Zubrzyk ( ˈzubʐɨk ) ( Ukrainian : Зубрик , Zubryk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piwniczna - Zdrój , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Isar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ايثار‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Marvast District , Khatam County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Ashrestaq Rural District ( Persian : دهستان عشرستاق‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Yaneh Sar District , Behshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Great Hockham is a village in the English county of Norfolk within the civil parish of Hockham , though the distinction between village and parish may now be moot as there is evidence to suggest that the other village in the parish , Little Hockham , consists only of a farmhouse .
Kropiwnica - Racibory ( krɔpivˈnit͡sa rat͡ɕiˈbɔrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin - Borzymy , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Les Cordeliers is one of the central quarters in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon , France .
The Nopah Range is located in Inyo County , California , USA , near the eastern border with Nevada .
Sepino is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise , located about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) south of Campobasso .
Iringa Airport ( IATA : IRI , ICAO : HTIR ) is an airport in Tanzania serving Iringa and the surrounding Iringa Region .
Scotia 's Grave or Scota 's grave is an area just south of Tralee in County Kerry beside the Finglas rivulet in Trughanacmy .
Orange Pavilion is a multi - purpose arena on the grounds of the NOS Events Center in San Bernardino , California .
Boulder Valley Grange No . 131 , also known as Boulder Valley Community Hall , is an historic wooden Grange hall located at 3400 North 95th Street in Lafayette , Colorado .
Meanwood is a suburb and former village of north - west Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Boolgeeda Airport ( IATA : OCM , ICAO : YBGD ) is an airport serving the Brockman 4 mine in Western Australia .
WJZD - FM ( 94.5 FM ) , known as `` JZ94.5 '' , is a radio station located in Long Beach , Mississippi , with an Urban Contemporary Format .
Hajji Madad ( Persian : حاجي مدد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Madad ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Ḩājjī Madad ) is a village in Pol Khatun Rural District , Marzdaran District , Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ngaka Modiri Molema District Municipality ( formerly Central District Municipality ) is one of the four districts of North West province in South Africa .
Arbignieu is a former commune in the Ain department in the Auvergne - Rhône - Alpes region of eastern France .
The Three Valley Museum is a non - profit museum in Durant , Oklahoma .
The Alexander Ramsey House is a historic house museum in Saint Paul , Minnesota , United States ; the former residence of Alexander Ramsey , who served as the first governor of Minnesota Territory and the second governor of the state of Minnesota .
Ladew Topiary Gardens ( 22 acres ( 8.9 ha ) ) are nonprofit gardens with topiary located in Monkton , Maryland .
The Bay Area Technology School ( BayTech ) is a public charter school located in Oakland , California .
Taos Plaza is a center of shops and monuments within the Taos Downtown Historic District in Taos , New Mexico .
Dołżyna ( dɔu̯ˈʐɨna ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Mecklenburg Switzerland ( German : Mecklenburgische Schweiz ) is a landscape in the middle of the German state of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , north of the Mecklenburg Lake District and immediately northwest of Lake Malchin and Lake Kummerow .
WTNI ( 1640 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Biloxi , Mississippi , and broadcasting at 10,000 watts of power .
Wright Robinson College is a mixed 11 - -16 secondary school located in Abbey Hey , Gorton , Manchester , England .
Gad - e Kuh ( Persian : گادكوه‎ , also Romanized as Gād - e Kūh ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Hazen Bridge , also known as the Newcomb Bridge , is a steel bridge spanning the Sangamon River north of Mahomet in Champaign County , Illinois , in the United States .
Goszczanowiec ( ɡɔʂt͡ʂaˈnɔvjɛt͡s ) ( German : Guschterholländer ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
New Bedford High School ( NBHS ) is a public high school located at 230 Hathaway Boulevard in the West End of New Bedford , Massachusetts .
The Hyde Park Railroad Station is the former New York Central Railroad station located where Crum Elbow Creek flows into the Hudson River in Hyde Park , New York , USA .
Gajęcki Ług ( ɡaˈjɛnt͡ski ˈwuk ) ( German : Groß Gelüch ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylanka , within Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Dehnow - e Parviz ( Persian : ده نوپرويز‎ , also Romanized as Dehnow - e Parvīz ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mont - Sainte - Anne is a ski resort in the town of St - Ferreol - les - Neiges , Quebec , Canada , located about 40 km ( 25 mi ) northeast of Quebec City .
Drawski Młyn ( ˈdrafski ˈmwɨn ) ( German : Dratzigmühle ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Station , Oakland is a historic railroad station located at Oakland , Garrett County , Maryland .
Grossmont College is a community college located in El Cajon , California , in the county of San Diego .
The Wood County Courthouse and Jail , located in Bowling Green , Ohio , United States , is Wood County 's third courthouse .
The Dead Indian Campsite is an archeological site in the Sunlight Basin of the Absaroka Mountains in Park County , Wyoming , United States .
Adrkan ( Persian : ادركان‎ , also Romanized as Ādrkān ; also known as Dam Maḩd - e Adrmakān ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Rüterberg is a Stadtteil of Dömitz in the German state of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern .
Lost Trail Powder Mountain is an alpine ski area in the western United States , on the Montana - Idaho border in the northern Rocky Mountains .
Pir Mahi ( Persian : پيرماهي‎‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Māhī ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Shomali Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Bald Knoll , also called Black Knoll , Buck Knoll or Corral Knoll , is a cinder cone in Utah , in the Southwestern United States .
Lamsu Kola - ye Gharbi ( Persian : لمسوكلاغربي‎ , also Romanized as Lamsū Kolā - ye Gharbī ; also known as Lamsū Kolā ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Rozgard ( ˈrɔzɡart ) ( German : Königlich Roßgarth ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno , within Wąbrzeźno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Ménil - Hermei is a commune in the Orne department in the Basse - Normandie region of north - western France .
Talargah ( Persian : تالارگاه‎ , also Romanized as Tālārgāh ) is a village in Masal Rural District , in the Central District of Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bible Land was a free roadside attraction in Calimesa , California USA along Interstate 10 .
Lladó ( also known as Lledó d'Empordà ) is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Empordà , Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
Kutak - e Vasat ( Persian : كوتك وسط‎ , also Romanized as Kūtak - e Vasaṭ ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District , in the Central District of Kahnuj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Jegar Kandi ( Persian : جگركندي‎ , also Romanized as Jegar Kandī ) is a village in Vilkij - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Newseum is an interactive museum of news and journalism located at 555 Pennsylvania Ave . NW , Washington , D.C. The seven - level , 250,000-square - foot ( 23,000 m2 ) museum features 15 theaters and 15 galleries .
Brindabella Station , sometimes referred to as the Brindabella Homestead , is located within the Brindabella Ranges in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
The Östliche Karwendelspitze ( 2,537 m ) is a mountain formed from Wetterstein limestone in the Karwendel mountains on the border between Bavaria and Tyrol .
Walden Stubbs is a small , rural village and civil parish in the Selby district of North Yorkshire , England .
Lubiaszów ( luˈbjaʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
WUSC - FM is a student - run College radio station operating at the University of South Carolina in Columbia , South Carolina , United States .
Wayland Baptist University is private , coeducational Baptist university based in Plainview , Texas .
Stara Słupia ( ˈstara ˈswupja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Słupia , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Penmayne is a hamlet next to Splatt in the civil parish of St Minver Lowlands in north Cornwall , England , UK .
Rosendale Common School , also known as Niskayuna Grange Hall No . 1542 , is a historic school building located in the vicinity of Niskayuna in Schenectady County , New York .
Ambergate is a village in Derbyshire , England , where the River Amber joins the River Derwent ; and where the A610 , following the Amber from Ripley and Alfreton , joins the A6 as it runs along the Derwent valley from Belper to the south ;
The Broadgate Tower is a skyscraper in London 's main financial district , the City of London .
The 2006 Yanjin earthquake was a magnitude 5.2 earthquake in Yanjin County , Yunnan , China .
Łysobyki ( wɨsɔˈbɨki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuszcz , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Llandwrog ( Welsh language : meaning ' The church of Saint Twrog ' ) is a village and community in Gwynedd , north - west Wales , most notable for the presence of the headquarters of Welsh record label Sain and the site of Caernarfon Airport .
Whalsay ( Old Norse : Hvalsey or Hvals - øy , meaning ' Whale Island ' ) is the sixth largest of the Shetland islands in Scotland .
Budj Bim is the Gunditjmara name for the extinct volcano Mount Eccles in southwestern Victoria , Australia .
Greenleaf Peak is a mountain in the Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Washington , located on the north side of the Columbia River near Table Mountain , in the Columbia River Gorge .
Geru Siah ( Persian : گروسياه‎ , also Romanized as Gerū Sīāh ; also known as Gerūsīā ) is a village in Rahdar Rural District , in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
St Giles ' Cathedral , also known as the High Kirk of Edinburgh , is the principal place of worship of the Church of Scotland in Edinburgh .
Arteshabad ( Persian : ارتش اباد‎ , also Romanized as Arteshābād ; also known as Sekmesābād ) is a village in Kharaqan - e Sharqi Rural District , Abgarm District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The former Spencertown Academy is located along the NY 203 state highway in Spencertown , New York , United States .
Majri is well known as New Majri Colliery a village located in Chandrapur district in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Friday Harbor Laboratories ( also known as FHL ) , is a marine biology field station of the University of Washington , located in Friday Harbor , San Juan Island , Washington , USA .
Fork Factory Brook is a 135-acre ( 55 ha ) historic site , open space reserve , and agricultural reserve located in Medfield , Massachusetts .
Lubinicko ( lubiˈnit͡skɔ ) ( German : Merzdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świebodzin , within Świebodzin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Thornton - le - Street is a village and parochial and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire , England .
Austin Municipal Airport ( IATA : AUM , ICAO : KAUM , FAA LID : AUM ) is a public - owned , public - use airport located two nautical mile ( 3.2 km ) east of the central business district of the city of Austin , in Mower County , Minnesota , United States .
Austin - East High School , also known as Austin - East Performing Arts and Sciences Magnet High School , is a public high school in Knoxville , Tennessee , operated by Knox County Schools .
Hamilton Academy was a school in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Medicine Hat Regional Hospital is a medical facility located in Medicine Hat , Alberta serving a catchment area of 117,000 .
Qarah Hasan ( Persian : قره حسن‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Ḩasan ) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Qajar Ab - e Sofla ( Persian : قجراب سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qajar Āb - e Soflá ; also known as Qajarāb and Qajar Āb ) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District , in the Central District of Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Senne Railway ( German : Senne - Bahn ) is a single - track branch line from Brackwede to Paderborn with a through service to Bielefeld in the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Cherkala is a small town in Kasaragod district of Kerala state in India , from Kasaragod to Madikeri road 8 km from the capital city of Kasaragod , it is junction towards Bekal Fort , Badiadka , Perla and Madikkery .
Yanco is a village with a population of 505 in Leeton Shire in south western New South Wales , Australia .
Volusia Mall is a super - regional shopping mall located in Daytona Beach , Florida .
The Long Beach Oil Field is a large oil field underneath the cities of Long Beach and Signal Hill , California , in the United States .
The Kouchibouguacis River is a river in Saint - Louis Parish , Kent County , New Brunswick , Canada .
Borre mound cemetery ( Norwegian : Borrehaugene from the Old Norse words borró and haugr meaning mound ) forms part of the Borre National Park in Horten , Vestfold , Norway .
WECS ( 90.1 FM ) is a College radio station based in Windham , Connecticut , on the campus of Eastern Connecticut State University .
Rodeo Cove is an embayment in Marin County , California .
Xiaomuhe Township , also Xiaomuhexiang ( Chinese : 小木河乡 ) is a township - level division situated in the Jixi prefecture of Heilongjiang , China , near the Russian border .
WKNA ( 98.3 FM ) , formerly WLGN - FM , is a radio station licensed to Logan , Ohio .
Kim Il - sung Stadium is the name of a large multi - purpose stadium located in Pyongyang , the capital city of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .
Loughmore , officially Loughmoe ( /lɒxˈmoʊ/ lokh - MOH ; Irish : Luach Maigh or Luachma ) , is a village in County Tipperary , Ireland .
The U - Bahn stations of Frankfurter Tor , Samariterstraße , Frankfurter Allee , Magdalenenstraße and Lichtenberg are all under or adjacent to the street .
North Sydney Demonstration School ( NSDS ) is a primary school located in Waverton , New South Wales , Australia .
Boca Ciega High School ( BCHS ) is an American four - year public high school in Gulfport , Florida , south of the St. Petersburg city line , and is part of the Pinellas County Schools district .
Hazel Grove railway station is on the Stockport to Buxton / Sheffield line , serving the village of Hazel Grove , Greater Manchester , England .
Lodna is a Town in the tehsil of Jharia in the Dhanbad district of Jharkhand .
Niedarczów Dolny - Wieś ( ɲɛˈdart͡ʂuf ˈdɔlnɨ ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sidnekoppa ( Kannada : ಸಿದ್ನೇಕೊಪ್ಪ ) is a village in the Koppal district in Karnataka state , India .
The ACT Heritage Library is the ' state ' library of the Australian Capital Territory ( ACT ) and the pre - eminent ACT reference library .
Waltendorf is the 9th district of the Austrian city of Graz .
Tocuyito is a city of Venezuela , capital of the Libertador Municipality in Carabobo State .
The Museum of Modern Art Department of Film and Video , based in the Museum of Modern Art in New York City , USA , and founded in 1935 , contains works of international cinema , focusing on the art and history of the film medium .
The Reeveston Place Historic District is a neighborhood of homes in Richmond , Indiana platted in 1911 on land formerly owned by the family of Mark Reeves .
God 's Seat is a popular vista and rock formation in Malibu , California , United States , about two miles east of Circle X Ranch in the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area .
Tung Wah Hospital ( Chinese : 東華醫院 ) is a hospital in Hong Kong under the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals .
KKQQ ( `` K Country 102.3 '' ) is the hot country music station in the Brookings , South Dakota area .
Mehdi Seyyed Anayt ( Persian : مهدي سيدعنايت‎ , also Romanized as Mehdī Seyyed ʿAnāyt ) is a village in Shoaybiyeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , Shadravan District , Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kamlarki ( kamˈlarki ) ( German : Kamlarken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisewo , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Balek ( Persian : بالك‎ , also Romanized as Bālek and Bālak ; also known as Bālīk ) is a village in Sarkal Rural District , in the Central District of Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Croham Hurst is a 33.6 hectare ( 83.02 acre ) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) and a Site of Metropolitan Importance for Nature Conservation in South Croydon in the London Borough of Croydon .
Dash Bolagh - e Barzand ( Persian : داشبلاغ برزند‎ , also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh - e Barzand ; also known as Dāsh Bolāgh ) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The McCormack Building is a high - rise building adjacent to the Beacon Hill neighborhood in Boston , Massachusetts .
Hangestan ( Persian : هنگستان‎ , also Romanized as Hangestān ) is a village in Gabrik Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Ortigas Center is a financial and central business district located at the boundaries of Pasig , Mandaluyong , and Quezon City in the Philippines .
Kuhsar Kandeh ( Persian : كوهساركنده‎ , also Romanized as Kūhsār Kandeh ) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Hajjiabad - e Hajji Safar ( Persian : حاجي ابادحاج صفر‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Ḩājjī Şafar ; also known as Ḩājjīābād ) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District , in the Central District of Jowayin County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Poyang County ( Traditional Chinese : 鄱陽縣 ; Simplified Chinese : 鄱阳县 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Póyáng Xiàn ) is a county under the administration of Shangrao city in Jiangxi Province of the People 's Republic of China .
WXNC in Charlotte , North Carolina is a Spanish language station known as `` Pepe Charlotte '' , also heard on WGSP at 1310 AM .
Shams - e Long ( Persian : شمس لنگ‎ ) is a village in Sedeh Rural District , Sedeh District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Występa ( vɨsˈtɛmpa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna , within Skarżysko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The North Fork Cache la Poudre River ( locally called the North Fork ) is a tributary of the Cache la Poudre River , approximately 59.2 miles ( 95.3 km ) long , in north central Colorado in the United States .
Khoda Shahr ( Persian : خداشهر‎ , also Romanized as Khodā Shahr ; also known as Khodashekhr ) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Resurrection Catholic Secondary School is a Catholic high school in Kitchener , Waterloo Region , Ontario , Canada .
Bi Ban Zehi ( Persian : بي بان زهي‎ , also Romanized as Bī Bān Zehī ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Glendale School of Reno , Nevada , is a historic schoolhouse that was built in 1864 and served as a school until 1958 .
Helmingham is a village in Suffolk , England , 12 miles ( 20 km ) east of Stowmarket , and 12 miles north ( 20 km ) of Ipswich .
Mehruiyeh - ye Bala ( Persian : مهروييه بالا‎ , also Romanized as Mehrū’īyeh - ye Bālā ; also known as Mehrūeeyeh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Clinton / Bleibler Ranch Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CBR4 ) , is located 13 nautical miles ( 24 km ; 15 mi ) north northwest of Clinton , British Columbia , Canada .
Ishpatina Ridge is the highest point of land in the Canadian province of Ontario , at an estimated 693 m ( 2,274 ft ) above sea level .
Portugal Cove - St . Philip 's ( 47 ° 37′40.9``N 52 ° 51′14.5''W NST ) is a rural seashore community located on the eastern Avalon Peninsula of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Landgraaf ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈlɑntxraːf ) ; Limburgish : Lankgraaf ) is a municipality in southeastern Limburg , Netherlands .
The Black River ( Portneuf ) flows in the municipality of Saint - Alban and Saint - Casimir , in the Portneuf Regional County Municipality , in the administrative region of Capitale - Nationale , in Quebec , in Canada .
Spotted Lake is a saline endorheic alkali lake located northwest of Osoyoos in the eastern Similkameen Valley of British Columbia , Canada , accessed via Highway 3 .
The Swift River Reservation is a 439-acre ( 178 ha ) open space preserve located in Petersham , Massachusetts , United States .
The Fort Worth Museum of Science and History is located on 1600 Gendy Street , Fort Worth , Texas 76107 in the city 's Cultural District .
Tutova County is one of the historic counties of Moldavia , Romania with the city of Bârlad as capital .
Javanak - e Mohammad Hasan ( Persian : جونك محمدحسن‎ , also Romanized as Javānak - e Moḩammad Ḩasan ) is a village in Chenar Rural District , Kabgian District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Boguty - Rubiesze ( bɔˈɡutɨ ruˈbjɛʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Brue ( Scottish Gaelic : Brù ) is a village on the Isle of Lewis in the West Side district , in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
Three Bridges is a neighbourhood within the town of Crawley , in the county of West Sussex in England .
Honavar or Honnavar is a port town in Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka , India .
The Jackson County Jail and Marshal 's House in Independence , Missouri , United States is a building constructed in 1859 to serve as a county jail for Jackson County , Missouri .
Barmacheh - ye Bala Mahal ( Persian : برمچه بالا محل‎ , also Romanized as Barmacheh - ye Bālā Maḩal ; also known as Barmache , Barmacheh , and Barmacheh - ye Bālā Maḩalleh ) is a village in Kateh Sar - e Khomam Rural District , Khomam District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Patekuh ( Persian : پته كوه‎ , also Romanized as Patekūh and Patekū ) is a village in Zahray - ye Pain Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Kunyang Subdistrict ( Chinese : 昆阳街道 ; pinyin : Kūnyáng Jiēdào ) is a subdistrict and the county seat of Jinning County , Yunnan , China .
Twin Beach AME Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church on the east side of CR 44 in Fairhope , Alabama .
The Armsby Block is an historic commercial building at 144 - 148 Main Street in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Qeshlaq - e Kareh ( Persian : قشلاق كاره‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Kāreh ) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District , Garmkhan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Little Packington is a hamlet in the North Warwickshire district of the county of Warwickshire in England .
Mafeh - ye Rudtalkh ( Persian : مافه رودتلخ‎ , also Romanized as Māfeh - e Rūdtalkh ; also known as Māfeh ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Novo Konomladi ( Bulgarian : Ново Кономлади New Konomladi ) is a village in Petrich Municipality , in Blagoevgrad Province , Bulgaria .
In 1844 Caversfield became part of Oxfordshire , but until then it was always an exclave of Buckinghamshire .
Glandyfi ( formerly anglicised as Glandovey ) is a small hamlet in the county of Ceredigion in Wales on the A487 trunk road from Machynlleth to Aberystwyth as well as Dovey Junction on the Cambrian Line .
Młodzawy Małe ( mwɔˈd͡zavɨ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Pałubinek ( pawuˈbinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Peale Museum , also known officially as the Municipal Museum of the City of Baltimore , was a museum of paintings and natural history , located in the City of Baltimore , Maryland , USA .
Upper Dublin High School is a four - year public high school located in Fort Washington , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Harkujärve ( German : Harkojärw ) is a village in Harku Parish , Harju County in northern Estonia .
Madderty is a village in Strathearn , Perth and Kinross .
The Kaindl Hut ( German : Kaindlhütte ) is a privately run mountain hut at a height of 1,293 metres ( 4,242 ft ) in the Kaisergebirge mountains in the Austrian state of Tyrol .
Boston Garden was an arena located in Boston , Massachusetts .
Project Rulison , named after the rural community of Rulison , Colorado , was an underground 40-kiloton nuclear test project in the United States on September 10 , 1969 , about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) SE of the town of Grand Valley , Colorado ( now named Parachute , Colorado ) in Garfield County .
Zhongcang Subdistrict ( simplified Chinese : 中仓街道 ; traditional Chinese : 中倉街道 ; pinyin : Zhōngcāng Jiēdào ) is a subdistrict and the seat of Tongzhou District , Beijing .
Biljeg is a village in Serbia in the municipality Merošina in Nisava district .
The College Club House and Gymnasium is an educational building located at 1416 College Avenue on the campus of Michigan Technological University in Houghton , Michigan .
KBBG ( 88.1 FM ) is a non - commercial educational radio station licensed to serve the community of Waterloo , Iowa .
Rabiany ( raˈbjanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Halle Opera House ( German : Opernhaus Halle ) is an opera house in Halle , Saxony - Anhalt .
UMBC Stadium is a 4,500 seat stadium on the campus of UMBC in Catonsville , Maryland .
Purfleet is a town in the Thurrock unitary authority in Essex , England .
Pecos Municipal Airport ( IATA : PEQ , ICAO : KPEQ , FAA LID : PEQ ) is a city - owned airport two miles southwest of Pecos , in Reeves County , Texas .
Northwest Cabarrus High School , commonly referred to simply as Northwest and abbreviated as NCHS , is a comprehensive public high school located in Kannapolis , North Carolina , USA .
University School of the Lowcountry ( USL ) is a small independent school , grades 3 - 12 , located in Mount Pleasant , South Carolina with IRS 501(c)(3 ) tax - exempt status .
Roombeek ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈroːmbeːk ) ) is a working - class suburb of the Dutch city of Enschede .
150 West Main Street is the fourth tallest building in Downtown Norfolk , Virginia , United States .
The Monsanto House of the Future ( also known as the Home of the Future ) was an attraction at Disneyland in Anaheim , California , USA , from 1957 to 1967 .
Ferindonald or Ferrindonald ( Scottish Gaelic : Fearann Dòmhnaill ) is a crofting township , located on the east coast of the Sleat peninsula , lying on the A851 road , in the Isle of Skye , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
Nakhlemir ( Persian : نخل مير‎ , also Romanized as Nakhlemīr , Nakhl - e Mīr , Nakhl - i - Mir , and Nakhl Mīr ) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Woore is a village and civil parish in the north east of Shropshire , England .
Hermanowa Wola ( xɛrmaˈnɔva ˈvɔla ) ( German : Hermanawolla ; 1929 - 45:Hermannshorst ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Watervliet Shaker Historic District , in Colonie , New York , is the site of the first Shaker community .
White Bush , alternately spelled Whitebush , is one of Berkeley County , West Virginia 's oldest brick mansions .
Arusan ( Persian : عروسان‎ , also Romanized as `` Arūsān ; also known as Arāsavān and Arasūn ) is a village in Biabanak Rural District , in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Land O'Lakes State Forest is a state forest located primarily in Cass , Minnesota , with portions extending into adjacent Aitkin and Crow Wing counties .
Washington Executive Airport ( FAA LID : W32 ) , also known as Washington Executive Airpark or Hyde Field , is a public use general aviation airport located 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) southwest of the central business district ( CBD ) of Clinton , in Prince George 's County , Maryland , USA .
Hershey Country Club is a country club located just outside the eastern city limits of Hershey , Pennsylvania , which was founded in 1930 by Milton S. Hershey .
Ji Hal ( Persian : جي هل‎ , also Romanized as Jī Hal ) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Museum of Appalachia , located in Norris , Tennessee , 20 miles ( 32 km ) north of Knoxville , is a living history museum that interprets the pioneer and early 20th - century period of the Southern Appalachian region of the United States .
Barree Forge and Furnace , now known as Greene Hills Methodist Camp , is a national historic district located at Porter Township in Huntingdon County , Pennsylvania .
WHMG - LP ( 98.7 FM ) is a Catholic religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Purgitsville , West Virginia .
Burg Finstergrün is a castle in the state of Salzburg , Austria .
WVBG - FM ( 105.5 FM , V 105.5 ) is a radio station licensed to Redwood , Mississippi , USA , broadcasting a classic hits music format .
Tabocas do Brejo Velho is a municipality in the state of Bahia in the North - East region of Brazil .
Huojia County ( simplified Chinese : 获嘉 ; traditional Chinese : 獲嘉 ; pinyin : Huòjiā ) is a county in Xinxiang , Henan province , China .
Catawba College is a private , coeducational liberal arts college in Salisbury , North Carolina , USA .
Jomlo Bari is a small village reside at West Siang District , Arunachal Pradesh .
Bandrele ( sometimes spelled Bandrélé ) is a commune in the French overseas department of Mayotte , in the Indian Ocean .
Stadio Giuseppe Voltini is a multi - use stadium in Crema , Lombardy , northern Italy .
Nurczyk - Kolonia ( ˈnurt͡ʂɨk kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec - Stacja , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Barlewiczki ( barlɛˈvit͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ab Gareyu ( Persian : اب گريو‎ , also Romanized as Āb Gareyū ) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Staintondale ( or Stainton Dale ) is a small village and civil parish in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire , England .
Holme Valley is a large civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Kirklees in West Yorkshire , England .
Abingdon - Avon High School , or AAHS , is a public four - year high school located in Abingdon , Illinois .
Auldgirth is a village on the A76 road in Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland .
Pokowalska ( pɔkɔˈvalska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Moose 's Tooth ( or simply Moose 's Tooth , Mooses Tooth ) is a rock peak on the east side of the Ruth Gorge in the Central Alaska Range , 15 miles ( 24 km ) southeast of Denali .
Wólka Małkowa ( ˈvulka mau̯ˈkɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tryńcza , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Stok Wiśniewski ( ˈstɔk viɕˈɲefski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Vitthal Udyognagar is a town and Vitthal Udyognagar INA is a co - extensive industrial notified area in Anand district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Watson Mill Bridge State Park is a 1,018 acre ( 4.12 km² ) Georgia state park located near Comer and Carlton on the South Fork of the Broad River .
Kusice ( kuˈɕit͡sɛ ) ( formerly German Kuhtz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Shami Kola ( Persian : شاميكلا‎ , also Romanized as Shāmī Kolā ) is a village in Balatajan Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Windigo Lake is a freshwater lake located in north central Wisconsin in the Town of Bass Lake , Sawyer County , United States , in township 40 north , range 9 west .
Avdellero ( Greek : Αβδελλερό ( locally ( aftelːeˈɾo ) ) ) is a village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus , located 8 km south of Athienou .
Čokori ( Cyrillic : Чокори ) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Wielobłota ( vjɛlɔˈbwɔta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabór , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Pomierzyn ( pɔˈmjɛʐɨn ) ( German : Pammin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Harmony Forge Mansion is a historic home and property located at Boggs Township , Centre County , Pennsylvania .
Hopatcong High School is a four - year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Hopatcong , in Sussex County , New Jersey , United States , operating as the lone secondary school of the Hopatcong Public Schools .
Wardyń Dolny ( ˈvardɨɲ ˈdɔlnɨ ) ( German : Groß Wardin ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Bid Duri ( Persian : بيدورئ‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Dūrī ; also known as Beduri , Bīdūrī , and Kahn - e Bīdūrī ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Mala Compra Plantation Archeological Site is an archaeological site in Palm Coast , Florida , on the east bank of the Matanzas River .
Croyde is a village on the west - facing coastline of North Devon , England .
Jaresqan ( Persian : جرسقان‎ , also Romanized as Jaresqān ; also known as Jers̄oqān ) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Steilacoom Catholic Church ( also known as the Church of the Immaculate Conception ) is a Roman Catholic church in Steilacoom , Washington , USA .
Umong ( Thai : อุโมงค์ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Lamphun District , in Lamphun Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 13,558 people .
Chinook Point is a headland in Pacific County , Washington .
Seahpo Peak is a subsidiary peak of Mount Shuksan , which rises in the U.S. state of Washington .
Putian ( Chinese : 莆田 ) is a prefecture - level city in eastern Fujian province , China .
Cleburne Building ( also known as 924 West End Avenue ) is an apartment building located at West End Avenue and 105th Street in Manhattan , New York City .
Perryville Battlefield State Historic Site is a 745-acre ( 3.01 km2 ) park near Perryville , Kentucky , in Boyle County , Kentucky .
Q. M. Pyne Store , also known as the Palisades Restaurant , is a historic country store located at Eggleston , Giles County , Virginia .
De Smet Cemetery is a cemetery located southwest of the town of De Smet in Kingsbury County , South Dakota , USA .
Kirchzarten is a town in the district of Breisgau - Hochschwarzwald in the federal - state of Baden - Württemberg in southwestern Germany .
Deraz Geri ( Persian : درزگري‎ , also Romanized as Deraz Gerī ; also known as Daraz Keri , Darzeh Kerī , and Derāz Kerī ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Middop is a rural hamlet and civil parish in Lancashire , England .
Griffith University is a public research university in South East Queensland on the east coast of Australia .
Aminabad Agriculture Complex ( Persian : مجتمع كشاورزي امين آباد‎ , also Romanized as Mojtame ` Keshāvarzī Āmīnābād ) is a village and agriculture complex in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jalikan - e Sofla ( Persian : جليكان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Jalīkān - e Soflá ; also known as Jalīkān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Mianrud Rural District , Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Gol Nazar ( Persian : گل نظر‎ , also Romanized as Gol Naẓar ; also known as Mīdā ) is a village in Tarhan - e Gharbi Rural District , Tarhan District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Now Deh Garrison ( Persian : پادگان نظامي نوده‎ -- Pādegān Neẓāmī Now Deh ) is a village and garrison in Khormarud - e Jonubi Rural District , Cheshmeh Saran District , Azadshahr County , Golestan Province , Iran .
St. Patrick 's Market is one of three public markets created in Toronto in the 19th century along with St. Lawrence Market and St. Andrew 's Market .
Mount Diablo is a mountain of the Diablo Range , in Contra Costa County of the eastern San Francisco Bay Area in Northern California .
St Moluag 's church ( Scottish Gaelic : Teampall Mholuaidh ) is a 13th Century temple in the village of Eoropie in Ness in the Isle of Lewis in Scotland .
Emma Prusch Farm Park is a 43.5 acre ( 176,000 m² ) park in East San Jose , California .
Bala Keru Kola ( Persian : بالاكروكلا‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Kerū Kolā and Bālā Karū Kolā ; also known as Kerū Kolā ) is a village in Karipey Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
East Smithfield is the name of a road in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets in east London , part of the A1203 road .
Llanfechan is a small church settlement consisting of a church and a farm , and the surrounding area , it is beside the A483 on the north side of the Irfon Valley near Cilmery , about 7 kilometers ( 4.3 mi ) west of Builth Wells , Powys , Wales .
The Greater North Central Francophone Education Region No . 2 , known in French as the Conseil scolaire Centre - Nord ( CSCN ) , is Alberta 's largest French language school board .
Zardlimeh ( Persian : زردليمه‎ , also Romanized as Zardlīmeh ) is a village in Dinaran Rural District , in the Central District of Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Karijini National Park is a national park centred in the Hamersley Ranges of the Pilbara region in the northwestern section of the Australian state of Western Australia .
Saranza ( Persian : سرانزا‎ , also Romanized as Sarānzā and Sarānzhā ; also known as Sar Nezā `` ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 333 , in 93 families .
Chulan - e Abi ( Persian : چولان ابي‎ , also Romanized as Chūlān - e Ābī ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Outer Hebrides , also known as the Western Isles ( Scottish Gaelic : Na h - Eileanan Siar ( nə ˈhelanən ˈʃiəɾ ) ) , Innse Gall ( `` islands of the strangers '' ) or the Long Island , is an island chain off the west coast of mainland Scotland .
Campo Santa Margherita is a large city square in the sestiere of Dorsoduro of Venice , Italy .
The Historic Trinity Lutheran Church is a church located in downtown Detroit , Michigan .
Neumünster station is the main railway station of the town of Neumünster in the German state of Schleswig - Holstein .
Mexico Railroad Depot is a historic railway depot located at Mexico in Oswego County , New York .
The Ore Mountain Museum ( German : Erzgebirgsmuseum ) is a museum in Annaberg - Buchholz in the German state of Saxony and located in the Ore Mountains of Central Europe .
One Calvert Plaza , formerly the Continental Trust Company Building , is an historic 16-story , 76 m ( 249 ft ) skyscraper in Baltimore , Maryland .
The Cliffs Shaft Mine Museum is a former iron mine , now a heritage museum , located on Euclid Street between Lakeshore Drive and Spruce Street in Ishpeming , Michigan .
The WNB Tower is a 12-story , 115 foot highrise building in downtown Midland , Texas .
Svarychiv ( Ukrainian : Сваричів ) is a village in the Rozhniativ Raion in Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
WGHC ( 1400 AM , Rabun County Radio 1400 ) was a radio station licensed to serve Clayton , Georgia , USA .
Fantastic Caverns is a show cave located in Springfield , Missouri .
WKID , `` Froggy 95.9 '' is an FM radio station owned by Dial Broadcasting in Vevay , Indiana .
Mauren is a municipality of Liechtenstein that is situated in the north of the country .
Ganyushkino ( Kazakh : Ганюшкин , Russian : Ганюшкино ) is the administrative center of the Kurmangazy District ( Kazakh : Құрманғазы ауданы ) , Atyrau Region , Kazakhstan .
The Cabot Trail is a highway and scenic roadway in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
The Brackenridge Field Laboratory ( BFL ) is an urban research station owned by the University of Texas at Austin .
Alajujeh ( Persian : الاجوجه‎ , also Romanized as Alājūjeh ; also known as Aladzhudzha , Ala Joojeh , and Alajuja ) is a village in Minjavan - e Gharbi Rural District , Minjavan District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Niszczyce ( niʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tuanfeng County ( simplified Chinese : 团风县 ; traditional Chinese : 團風縣 ; pinyin : Tuánfēng Xiàn ) is a county of Huanggang City , in the east of Hubei province , situated on the north ( left ) bank of the Yangtze River .
Bani Hu ( Persian : باني هو‎ , also Romanized as Bānī Hū and Bānīhū ) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
KALL , `` ESPN 700 '' , is an all - sports radio station in the Salt Lake City , Utah area .
Karpniki ( karpˈniki ) ( German : Fischbach ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mysłakowice , within Jelenia Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Wrigley Square is a public square located in the northwest section of Millennium Park in the Historic Michigan Boulevard District of the Loop area of Chicago in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
Fair Meadows Race Track is a large race track and betting center located in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Brayton Grist Mill is an historic grist mill on US 44 in Pomfret , Connecticut .
Solano Community College ( SCC ) is a two - year institution of higher learning located in Fairfield , Solano County , California ( between San Francisco and Sacramento ) .
The Sussex County Farm and Horse Show is a ten - day agricultural fair that is held at the Sussex County Fairgrounds in Augusta , New Jersey every August and attracts approximately 220,000 attendees annually .
Muldrow Glacier , also known as McKinley Glacier , is a large glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Ganjingzi District ( simplified Chinese : 甘井子区 ; traditional Chinese : 甘井子區 ; pinyin : Gānjǐngzǐ Qū ) is one of the seven districts of Dalian , Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China , forming part of the urban core .
Godhra is a Municipality in Panchmahal district in Indian state of Gujarat .
Howell Prairie is an area west of Silverton , Oregon , United States , between the Little Pudding River and the Pudding River .
Mirzamohammadi - ye Pain ( Persian : ميرزامحمدي پايين‎ , also Romanized as Mīrzāmoḩammadī - ye Pā’īn ; also known as Mīrzāmoḩammadī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Sornabad Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Lohéac ( Breton : Lohieg , Gallo : Lozeiac ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Eightmile Island is a forested island on the Ohio River in Mason County , West Virginia .
Niemojowice - Kolonia ( ɲɛmɔjɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Wye Oak was the largest white oak tree in the United States and the State Tree of Maryland from 1941 until its demise in 2002 .
Paper Mill Playhouse is a regional theater with approximately 1200 seats , located in Millburn , New Jersey .
Tutli - ye Kuchek ( Persian : توتلي كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Tūtlī - ye Kūchek ) is a village in Aqabad Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Bruki Unisławskie ( ˈbruki uniˈswafskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Unisław , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Little York Pavilion , also known as Dwyer Memorial County Park , Main Pavilion , is an historic trolley park pavilion located at Preble in Cortland County , New York .
Taherabad - e Torkha ( Persian : طاهرابادتركها‎ , also Romanized as Ţāherābād - e Torkhā ; also known as Ţāherābād - e Tork , Ţāherābād , and Tirva ) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District , Zavin District , Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Superior Building , originally known as the Cleveland Discount Building , is a high - rise building in Cleveland , Ohio .
The Nike Missile Site HM-69 ( also known as Hole in the Donut or Everglades Nike Site or Missile Base ) is a former Nike - Hercules missile base , now listed as a historic site west of Homestead , Florida , United States .
Viderup Castle ( Swedish : Viderups slott ) is a castle in Eslöv Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden .
The Ike Skelton Bridge is a set of girder bridges on Route 13 over the Missouri River at Lexington , Missouri between Ray County and Lafayette County .
Wola Życka ( ˈvɔla ˈʐɨt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trojanów , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Auldbrass Plantation or Auldbrass is located in Beaufort County , South Carolina , near the town of Yemassee .
Buckeye Valley High School is a rural public high school located in Delaware County 's Troy Township , north of Delaware , Ohio .
Omulna ( ɔˈmulna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Glasgow National Hockey Centre is a facility for playing field hockey , situated on Glasgow Green in Glasgow , United Kingdom .
Zvornik ( Cyrillic : Зворник , pronounced ( zʋɔ̌rniːk ) ) is a city on the Drina river in north - eastern , Bosnia and Herzegovina , situated in the Republika Srpska entity .
Middlewick House is a Grade II listed , Georgian style house in Corsham , Wiltshire , England .
The McGuirk Arena , previously known as the Daniel P. Rose Center ( commonly as Rose Arena ) , is a multi - purpose arena , in Mount Pleasant , Michigan , United States .
Gladbeck ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɡlat.bɛk ) ) is a city in the district of Recklinghausen in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Nesah - ye Sofla ( Persian : نسه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Nesah - ye Soflá ; also known as Nesah - ye Mollā Ghaz̧anfar ) is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The South Range Community Building is a community center located on Trimountain Avenue in South Range , Michigan .
Central Peel Secondary School is a high school that is located in Brampton , Ontario , Canada , and it is operated by the Peel District School Board .
WDJW is the call sign of the FM radio station licensed to the Somers , Connecticut Board of Education .
Bingham High School is a public high school located in South Jordan , Utah , United States , and one of seven high schools in the Jordan School District .
Old School Baptist Church of Halcottsville is a historic Baptist church building on Old NY 30 in Halcottsville , Delaware County , New York .
Fereydun Kola ( Persian : فريدون كلا‎ , also Romanized as Fereydūn Kolā ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Benedum Center for the Performing Arts ( formerly the Stanley Theatre ) is a theater and concert hall located at 237 7th Street in the Cultural District of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Reštanj ( pronounced ( ɾɛˈʃtaːn ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Senovo in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Maret School is a coeducational , K-12 independent school in Washington , D.C ..
Tilden Lake is a community in Ontario , Canada , about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) from North Bay along Highway 11 .
Ardclach ( Gaelic : Àird Chlach ) is a small crofting hamlet , close to Glenferness in the old county of Nairn , Scotland , within the Scottish council area of Highland .
Tileh Dar ( Persian : تيله دار‎ , also Romanized as Tīleh Dār ) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Carnikava ( livonian : Sarnikau , german : Koivemund ) is a village in Carnikava municipality , Latvia .
Rudolph and Arthur Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located in Elk Township and New London Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
The Estadio Mario Alberto Kempes , formerly known as Estadio Córdoba and popularly Estadio Olímpico Chateau Carreras , is a stadium in the Chateau Carreras neighborhood of Córdoba , Argentina .
The Please Touch Museum is a children 's museum located in the Centennial District of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , USA .
Grace Hopkinson Eliot Hall , often called Eliot Hall , is an historic dormitory building on the Radcliffe Quadrangle of Harvard University at 51 Shepard Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The H. S. Williams House was a historic U.S. home located at 1219 Rockledge Drive , Rockledge , Florida .
The Hanover Theatre for the Performing Arts in Worcester , Massachusetts , United States was originally built in 1904 as the Franklin Square Theatre regularly scheduling burlesque shows , Broadway touring shows and headline acts transitioning to showing silent films by 1912 when vaudeville magnate Sylvester Poli purchased the theatre from the estate of Pauline L. Taylor .
The Monte Mario Observatory ( Sede di Monte Mario , literally `` Monte Mario Site '' ) is an astronomical observatory and is part of the Rome Observatory ( Osservatorio Astronomico di Roma ) .
Khan Dannun ( Arabic : خان دنون‎ , also spelled Khan Danun , Khan Dunnun or Khan Dhul - Nun ) is a town in southern Syria , administratively part of the Markaz Rif Dimashq District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate .
Krekole ( krɛˈkɔlɛ ) ( German : Krekollen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiwity , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wólka Żukowska ( ˈvulka ʐuˈkɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Mount Rubidoux Manor is a 16-story residential tower located in downtown Riverside , California .
Fenny Stratford is a constituent town of Milton Keynes , ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire , England and in the Civil Parish of Bletchley and Fenny Stratford .
Benjamin P. Westervelt House , located in Cresskill , Bergen County , New Jersey , United States , was the home of Benjamin Westervelt , a member of the local militia during the American Revolutionary War .
The Grand Marais Harbor of Refuge Inner and Outer Lights are a pair of lighthouses located on the west pier at the entry to Grand Marais Harbor of Refuge , in Grand Marais , Michigan .
Castagneto is a frazione ( outlying area ) of the Italian city of Teramo .
The William Waterfield House , also known as the Waterfield Octagon House , is an historic octagonal house located at 308 3rd Street , South in Raymond , Iowa .
The Halifax Regional School Board ( HRSB ) is the public school board responsible for 136 elementary , junior high , and high schools located within the Halifax Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Yahyalı is a town and district in Kayseri Province of Turkey .
Tintange is a village and a section de commune of the Belgian municipality of Fauvillers in the province of Luxembourg .
Davodli ( Persian : داودلي‎ , also Romanized as Dāvodlī and Dāvūdlī ) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kinglassie ( Gaelic : Cille MoGhlasaidh ) is a small village in central Fife , Scotland .
Boxwell is a hamlet in Gloucestershire , England , near the village of Leighterton
Mount Bélair is a peak in the Laurentian Mountains , Quebec , Canada , with an altitude of 485 m ( 1,591 ft ) .
De Kwakel is a village in the municipality of Uithoorn , North Holland , the Netherlands , near the border with South Holland .
Ribbon Fall , located in Yosemite National Park in California , flows off a cliff on the west side of El Capitan and is the longest single - drop waterfall in North America .
Berdychów ( bɛrˈdɨxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Howard A. Hanson Dam is an earthen embankment dam on the Green River , 21 miles ( 34 km ) east of Auburn , Washington .
Routh Mounds is a Plaquemine culture archaeological site in Tensas Parish , Louisiana .
McDaniel College is a private four - year liberal arts college in Westminster , Maryland , USA , located 30 miles ( 50 km ) northwest of Baltimore .
Quri Qaleh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قوری‌قلعه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Shahu District , Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Mountain Rest is a historic religious summer retreat on Wildwood Lane , off Spruce Corner Road in Goshen , Massachusetts .
Bajerze ( baˈjɛʐɛ ) ( German : Baiersee ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kijewo Królewskie , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Pishva County ( Persian : شهرستان پیشوا‎ ) is a county in Tehran Province in Iran .
Madeira ( /məˈdɪərə/ mə - DEER - ə or /məˈdɛərə/ mə - DAIR - ə ; Portuguese : ( mɐˈðejɾɐ ) or ( mɐˈðɐjɾɐ ) ) is a Portuguese archipelago located in the north Atlantic Ocean , west and slightly south of Portugal .
Alut District ( Persian : بخش الوت‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Benjamin Ten Broeck House , also known as the Felten - Ten Broeck - Chmura House , is located on Flatbush Road ( NY 32 ) in the Town of Ulster , north of Kingston , New York , United States .
Joliet Catholic Academy ( Joliet Catholic or JCA ) is a coed Catholic High School located in Joliet , Illinois .
Rayo Vallecano de Madrid , S.A.D. ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈraʝo βaʎeˈkano ðe maˈðɾið ) ) , often abbreviated to Rayo , is a Spanish football team based in Madrid , in the neighbourhood of Vallecas .
The Moscow - Pullman Daily News is a U.S. daily newspaper serving the Moscow , Idaho , and Pullman , Washington , metropolitan area .
North Cleveland Park is a neighborhood in the Northwest quadrant of Washington , D.C. It is bounded by Albemarle Street NW to the north , Rodman and Quebec Streets NW to the south , Wisconsin and Nebraska Avenues NW to the west , and Connecticut Avenue to the east .
Miveh Rud ( Persian : ميوه رود‎ , also Romanized as Mīveh Rūd and Miveh Rood ; also known as Movārī , Muvāri , and Myuvari ) is a village in Arzil Rural District , Kharvana District , Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
KSFM ( 102.5 FM ) is a Rhythmic Contemporary Hits formatted radio station serving the Sacramento , California , area .
Mirów Stary ( ˈmiruf ˈstarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirów , within Szydłowiec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Bald Knob National Wildlife Refuge is a 15,022 acres ( 60.79 km2 ) ( 2014 ) wildlife refuge located in White County , Arkansas about two miles south of the town of Bald Knob .
Rhosesmor is a small village near Mold , Flintshire , in north - east Wales .
Qarah Gonbad - e Sofla ( Persian : قره گنبدسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Gonbad - e Soflá ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Doktorce ( dɔkˈtɔrt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suraż , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Newton Abbot is a market town and civil parish in the Teignbridge District of Devon , England on the River Teign , with a population of 25,556 .
The Washington and Lee University School of Law ( W&L Law ) is a private American Bar Association - accredited law school located in Lexington in the Shenandoah Valley region of Virginia .
Royals Football Club or Royals Football and Sporting Club , is an Australian rules football club located in Albany , Western Australia playing in the Great Southern Football League .
Palliser Regional Park is a located about 10 minutes from the town of Riverhurst , Saskatchewan .
KTCU - FM is a radio station in Fort Worth , Texas , broadcasting from Texas Christian University .
Mikicin ( miˈkit͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaświły , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
São Miguel dos Campos - AL is a municipality located in the eastern half of the Brazilian state of Alagoas .
Anum is a Guan town in Asuogyaman District of the Eastern Region of Ghana , across from the Volta Lake .
Gorgan County ( Persian : شهرستان گرگان‎ ) is a county in Golestan Province in Iran .
Mississagi Island is an island in the North Channel of Lake Huron in Algoma District , Ontario , Canada , about 6.3 kilometres ( 3.9 mi ) south of the mouth of the Mississagi River and 9.0 kilometres ( 5.6 mi ) southwest of the community of Blind River .
Królowe Stojło ( kruˈlɔvɛ ˈstɔi̯wɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
San Gabriel High School is a public high school located around the border of San Gabriel and Alhambra , California and run by the Alhambra Unified School District .
The Market NYC is a designer and vintage goods flea market on Bleecker Street in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
Tayinloan ( Scottish Gaelic : Taigh an Lòin , pronounced ( t̪ɤj ə lˠ̪ɔːɲ ) ) is a village situated on the west coast of the Kintyre peninsula in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
Oshdalaq ( Persian : اشدلق‎ ; also known as Uchky `` Uliya , Ūshdelaq , Ushtula , and Uzhkyulya ) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 29 , in 9 families .
Końcowizna ( kɔɲt͡sɔˈvizna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suraż , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Charles B. Aycock High School ( CBA ) is a public high school in Wayne County , North Carolina , United States , that opened in 1961 .
Bernice MacNaughton High School ( usually abbreviated as Bernice MacNaughton , MacNaughton , or BMHS ) , is a high school in Moncton , New Brunswick , Canada .
Talali ( Persian : طلالي‎ , also Romanized as Ţalālī ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Waiola Church is the site of a historic mission established in 1823 on the island of Maui in Hawaii .
Kadayam is a village in the district of Tirunelveli in the state of Tamil Nadu in India .
Jarluty Małe ( jarˈlutɨ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Larkhill is a garrison town in the civil parish of Durrington , Wiltshire , England .
Seyd Beyg ( Persian : صيدبيگ‎ , also Romanized as Şeyd Beyg ; also known as Seyyedī Beyg ) is a village in Soluk Rural District , in the Central District of Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Khan Abad District is situated in the eastern part of Kunduz Province , Afghanistan .
Ab - e Shirinak ( Persian : ابشيرينك‎ , also Romanized as Āb - e Shīrīnak ; also known as Āb - e Shīrīnak - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Haparu Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Baszowice ( baʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Słupia , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
High Wycombe ( /ˌhaɪ ˈwɪkəm/ ) , often referred to as Wycombe , is a large town in Buckinghamshire , England .
KHOC ( 102.5 FM , `` Heart 102.5 '' ) is a commercial radio station located in Casper , Wyoming .
Kuk Po ( Chinese : 谷埔 ; pinyin : Gŭ Bù ) is situated in the north eastern New Territories of Hong Kong , to the south of the Starling Inlet ( Shataukok Hoi , Sha Tau Kok Hoi ) , opposite the town of Shataukok .
The Avenue Theater , located at 417 E. 17th Avenue in Downtown Denver , Colorado has been a producing comedies , musicals , and plays as well as improvisational comedy for 30 years .
Bangarmau is a city and a municipal board in Unnao district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India . It is situated on the left bank of Kalyani , about 49 km north - west of Unnao and 22 km north - west of Safipur on the Unnao - Hardoi road .
The Territory of Ashmore and Cartier Islands is an uninhabited external territory of Australia consisting of four low - lying tropical islands in two separate reefs , and the 12 nautical mile territorial sea generated by the islands .
Padehkeh ( Persian : پده كه‎ ; also known as Padkeh ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gladstone Secondary School is a public secondary school located in the Kensington - Cedar Cottage neighbourhood in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Liberty Peak is the name given to the officially unnamed mountain peak west of Liberty Pass in the Ruby Mountains of Elko County , Nevada , United States .
Želiezovce ( Hungarian : Zselíz , ( formerly ) Zseliz , ( til 1895 ) Zeliz , Zeléz , German : Zelis ( rare ) ) is a town in Slovakia in the Nitra Region , in the Levice District , near the Hron river .
Rejów ( ˈrɛjuf ) ( German : Rehlau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasteczko , within Nowa Sól County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Deolond is a village in the Shahdol district of Madhya Pradesh in India , situated at a distance of 51 km ( 32 mi ) from Rewa on Rewa --
Zaessingue ( Alemannic German : Zäsige ; German : Zässingen ) is a communes in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace in north - eastern France .
Mangaltar , Sagarmatha is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal .
Speke Hall is a wood - framed wattle - and - daub Tudor manor house in Speke , Liverpool , England .
Mahwah High School ( MHS ) is a four - year comprehensive public high school serving students from Mahwah , Bergen County , New Jersey , serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as the only secondary school of the Mahwah Township Public Schools .
Mogiłka ( mɔˈɡiu̯ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Bormio ( Lombard : Bormi , Romansh : Buorm , German : Worms i m Veltlintal ) is a town and comune with a population of about 4,100 located in the Province of Sondrio , Lombardy region of the Alps in northern Italy .
Taqiabad - e Shahrestan ( Persian : تقي ابادشهرستان‎ , also Romanized as Taqīābād - e Shahrestān ; also known as Taqīābād ) is a village in Behnamvasat - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Skrudki ( ˈskrutki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyrzyn , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Vallecito Dam ( National ID # CO01695 ) is a dam in La Plata County , Colorado , a few miles northeast of Durango .
Spencerville Adventist Academy is a Seventh - day Adventist full K-12 day academy located in Spencerville , Montgomery County , Maryland .
Bogstadvannet ( English : Lake Bogstad ) is a lake between the city of Oslo and the municipality of Bærum , Akershus , Norway .
The Dennis - State Streets Historic District is a residential historic district located on the south side of the city of Adrian in Lenawee County , Michigan .
Datianwan Stadium ( Simplified Chinese : 大田湾体育场 ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Chongqing , China .
Heilig Hüsli ( Holy house ) is a bridge chapel in Rapperswil , Canton of St. Gallen , Switzerland .
Sandy Point State Park is a state - owned , public recreation area located on Sandy Point at the western end of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge in Anne Arundel County , Maryland .
Bernina District is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
The Lincoln American Tower is a 22-story building located at the corner of North Main and Court streets in Memphis , Tennessee .
Santa Maria in Via Lata is a church on the Via del Corso ( the ancient Via Lata ) , in Rome , Italy .
Centre 200 is Cape Breton 's primary sports and entertainment facility , located in Sydney , Nova Scotia .
Mojirabad ( Persian : مجيراباد‎ , also Romanized as Mojīrābād ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lääne County ( Estonian : Lääne maakond ) , or Läänemaa ( literally `` Western land '' ; German : Wiek , Latin : Rotalia ) , is one of 15 counties of Estonia .
Chah Darva ( Persian : چاه دروا‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Darvā ; also known as Chāh - e Darbā ) is a village in Asir Rural District , Asir District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Big Whopper mine is a large mine located in the eastern part of Canada in Ontario .
Academy of Our Lady of Guam ( AOLG ) is an all - girls Catholic high school located at 233 Archbishop Felixberto C. Flores Street in Hagåtña , Guam , United States .
Llofriu ( name of Germanic origin ) is an aggregate of the town of Palafrugell ( Baix Empordà ) , in Catalonia ( Spain ) .
Łapy - Szołajdy ( ˈwapɨ ʂɔˈwai̯dɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kamar Kola ( Persian : كمركلا‎ , also Romanized as Kamar Kolā ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Clandon railway station is located in the village of West Clandon in Surrey , England .
Shizan ( Persian : شيزن‎ , also Romanized as Shīzan ) is a village in Kuhsangi Rural District , Miyan Velayat District , Taybad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Howell Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by Mississippi State University 's Astronomy and Physics department .
Roxby cum Risby is a civil parish forming part of the district of North Lincolnshire , England .
Azowlissé or Azaourissè is a small town and arrondissement located in the commune of Adjohoun in the Borgou Department of Benin .
Taleb Sara ( Persian : طالب سرا‎ , also Romanized as Ţāleb Sarā ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Muri ( Persian : كلاته موري‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Mūrī ) is a village in Darband Rural District , Jolgeh Sankhvast District , Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Třebařov ( German : Triebendorf ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Svitavy District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
The Liri 's source is in the Monte Camiciola , elevation 1,701 metres ( 5,581 ft ) , in the Monti Simbruini of central Apennines ( Abruzzo , comune of Cappadocia ) .
Auraria 9th Street Historic District is a historic district in Denver , Colorado at Auraria Campus .
Ligęzów ( liˈɡɛ̃zuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klwów , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kostachuk Square is a historic city square in the Mission Hill neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
Lake Miccosukee is a large swampy prairie lake in northern Jefferson County , Florida , located east of the settlement of Miccosukee .
Point Cabrillo Light is a lighthouse in northern California , United States , between Point Arena and Cape Mendocino , just south of the community of Caspar .
Jazików ( jaˈʑikuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda - Huta , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Lillian Glacier was located in the Olympic Mountains in Olympic National Park in the U.S. state of Washington .
Akbarabad - e Laram ( Persian : اكبرابادلارم‎ , also Romanized as Akbarābād - e Lāram ; also known as Akbarābād ) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Cocentaina ( Valencian : ( kosenˈtajna ) , Spanish : ( koθenˈtaina ) ) is a town located in the comarca of Comtat , in the province of Alicante , Spain .
Fort Miles was an American military installation located on Cape Henlopen near Lewes , Delaware .
The Sherman Kent School for Intelligence Analysis is a training school for Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) intelligence analysts located in Reston , Virginia .
Naduiyeh - ye Miani ( Persian : ندوئيه مياني‎ , also Romanized as Nadū’īyeh - ye Mīānī ; also known as Nadūeeyeh ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Pashneh Daran ( Persian : پاشنه دران‎ , also Romanized as Pāshneh Dārān ; also known as Pāshneh Dar , Pāshneh Darū , and Pāshteh Darān ) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Scusset Beach State Reservation is a state - operated , public recreation area located in the town of Sandwich in Barnstable County , Massachusetts , at the east end of the Cape Cod Canal on land formerly part of Sagamore Hill Military Reservation .
The National Museum of the Mighty Eighth Air Force is a non - profit 501(c)(3 ) organization with a modern extensive museum facility located in Pooler , Georgia , in the western suburbs of Savannah .
Sennelager is a village in Germany that forms part of the City of Paderborn .
The Edinburgh Corn Exchange is a conference , banqueting , wedding , sports and live music venue in the Chesser suburb of Edinburgh , Scotland .
The Balding Avenue Historic District is located along the street of the same name , between Mansion and Marshall streets , in Poughkeepsie , New York , United States .
Badakhshan Province ( Pashto : بدخشان ولایت‎ / Dari : استان بدخشان ) is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan , located in the farthest northeastern part of the country between Tajikistan and northern Pakistan .
Gilva Dashtan ( Persian : گيلوادشتان‎ , also Romanized as Gīlvā Dashtān and Gīlovā Dashtān ; also known as Gīlovā and Gīlvā ) is a village in Kenar Sar Rural District , Kuchesfahan District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Czuszów ( ˈt͡ʂuʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pałecznica , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Sokołów - Kolonia ( sɔˈkɔwuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
New Prospect Church , also known as New Prospect Baptist Church , is a historic Baptist church located at 4445 Sheep Creek Road near Bedford , Bedford County , Virginia , USA .
Lake Lucero is a playa located within that section of the Tularosa Basin that is contained within the White Sands National Monument in the U.S. state of New Mexico .
The Oakland Estuary is the strait separating the cities of Oakland and Alameda , California , in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Nabar ( Persian : نابر‎ , also Romanized as Nābar ) is a village in Babaafzal Rural District , Barzok District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Lake Mogotoyevo ( Russian : Моготоево ) is the largest salt lake in the Sakha Republic in Russia .
Bryn Mawr Film Institute is a non - profit , community - owned movie theater located in Bryn Mawr , Pennsylvania , a town on Philadelphia 's Main Line .
Krzekowo - Bezrzecze is a municipal neighbourhood of the city of Szczecin , Poland situated on the left bank of Oder river , west of the Szczecin Old Town and Middle Town , in Zachód ( West ) District .
The Osceola Apartment Hotel ( also known as Azure Villas ) is a historic hotel in Miami Springs , Florida .
The Hostetter Inn is a historic lodging facility located outside the village of Lisbon , Ohio , United States .
The Tybo Charcoal Kilns are a pair of charcoal kilns located 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) north of Tybo , Nevada .
The Kate 's Basin Fire is a wildfire complex which began burning southwest of Thermopolis and north of Riverton in Hot Springs County , Wyoming .
Torshakli ( Persian : ترشكلي‎ , also Romanized as Torshaklī ; also known as Tūshkanī ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Dashli Borun District , Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Koskela ( Finnish ) , Forsby ( Swedish ) is a district in the city of Helsinki , Finland .
Marunowo ( maruˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Shand - e Masumeh ( Persian : شندمعصومه‎ , also Romanized as Shand - e Ma``şūmeh ) is a village in Bandan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 149 , in 30 families .
East Clandon is a village and civil parish in Surrey , England on the A246 between the towns of Guildford to the west and Leatherhead to the east .
Bolhur ( Persian : بلهور‎ , also Romanized as Bolhūr ; also known as Bolhar ) is a village in Garmsir Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Afton Alps is a ski resort , which hosts a collection of ski and snowboard trails , located along the St. Croix River in the northeast corner of Denmark Township , Washington County , south of Afton , Minnesota in the United States .
Shooting at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City comprised seven events .
La Nouba is a Cirque du Soleil show in residence in a custom - built , freestanding theater at Disney Springs ' West Side at the Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando , Florida .
Faiyum Governorate ( Arabic : محافظة الفيوم‎‎ Muḥāfaẓat al Fayyūm ) is one of the governorates of Egypt in the middle of the country .
Segalstad bru ( Segalstad bridge ) is the administrative centre of Gausdal municipality , Norway .
The Pavilion is a 6,500-seat multi - purpose arena in Villanova , Pennsylvania , United States , about 10 miles outside of Philadelphia .
Van Vleck House and Gardens , a former private estate by the eponymous family , is a non - profit community resource in Montclair in Essex County , New Jersey , United States , that displays a public botanical garden of mostly ericaceous plants that has been developed over several generations .
Polanka Hallera ( pɔˈlaŋka xalˈlɛra ) ( English : Haller 's Valley ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skawina , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Vadalur ( Tamil : வடலூர் ) is a panchayat town in Cuddalore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Golab Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گلاب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Barzok District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Assagay , also spelt Assegay , is a suburb of eThekwini in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa and forms a part of the Upper Highway Area .
Ciechów ( ˈt͡ɕexuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Surhów - Kolonia ( ˈsurxuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśniczyn , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
KYMS ( 89.9 FM ) is a non - commercial educational radio station licensed to Rathdrum , Idaho , USA .
Palotaka is a community in Magwi County of Eastern Equatoria state in South Sudan .
Qaemiyeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : قائميه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qā’emīyeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Qā’emīyeh ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Georgia City , Missouri , is the name of a former town in Jasper County , Missouri , about 15 miles north of Joplin , Missouri .
Dworszowice Pakoszowe ( dvɔrʂɔˈvit͡sɛ pakɔˈʂɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulmierzyce , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Müntschemier ( French : Monsmier ) is a municipality in the Seeland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Bad Münder ( also : Bad Münder am Deister ) is a town in the Hamelin - Pyrmont district , in Lower Saxony , Germany , situated on the south side the Deister hills , approximatively 15 km northeast of Hamelin .
The Schlitz Christmas Candle is a candle - like structure unveiled every Christmas season in Schlitz , a small town in Hesse , Germany .
Golujeh - ye Olya ( Persian : گلوجه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Golūjeh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 38 , in 7 families .
Nosibądy ( nɔɕiˈbɔndɨ ) ( formerly German Naseband ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzmiąca , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Velna ( Seto : Velnä ) is a village in Värska Parish , Põlva County in southeastern Estonia .
Battle Mountain Airport ( IATA : BAM , ICAO : KBAM , FAA LID : BAM ) , also known as Lander County Airport , is a public - use airport located 3 miles ( 5 km ) southeast of the central business district of Battle Mountain , Nevada , United States .
Shahrak - e Gachgaran ( Persian : شهرك گچگران‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Gachgarān ) is a village in Bakesh - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Doddycross is a small hamlet at a crossroads in the former Caradon district of southeast Cornwall , England , UK , with a population of < 50 .
All Saints Catholic Boys College is an all day , Roman Catholic school located in Liverpool , a suburb of New South Wales .
Klickitat Glacier is located on the east slopes of Mount Adams a stratovolcano in the U.S. state of Washington .
Big Rocky Pond , also known as Rocky Pond , is a 20-acre ( 81,000 m2 ) pond in the Ponds of Plymouth neighborhood of Plymouth , Massachusetts .
Little Thurrock is a ward and Church of England parish in the unitary authority of Thurrock , Essex .
El Pelayo or Pelayo is a village in the municipality of Algeciras in the Province of Cadiz in southeastern Spain , It is located 7 miles ( 11 km ) southwest from the city centre , along the main road to the southern tip of Spain at Tarifa , which is 14 kilometres ( 8.7 mi ) away .
Laski Koszalińskie ( ˈlaski kɔʂaˈliɲskʲɛ ) ( formerly German Latzig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biesiekierz , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Wola Gruszowska ( ˈvɔla ɡruˈʂɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziemice , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Penn - Roosevelt State Park is a 41 acres ( 17 ha ) Pennsylvania state park in Harris Township , Centre County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Tarqideh ( Persian : ترقيده‎ , also Romanized as Tarqīdeh ; also known as Tarkīdeh ) is a village in Juyom Rural District , Juyom District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dierenpark De Oliemeulen ( Zoo The Oliemeulen ) is a small zoo in Tilburg , Netherlands that describes itself as `` the strangest zoo in the Netherlands '' .
The José Rizal Memorial Protected Landscape , also known as the Rizal Park and Shrine , is a protected landscape and memorial to the Philippines ' national hero located in the city of Dapitan on the island of Mindanao .
Swojczany ( sfɔi̯ˈt͡ʂanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Charsznica , within Miechów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Hauho was amalgamated with the municipality of Hämeenlinna on 1 January 2009 .
Pant Glas ( Welsh for Green Hollow - in Welsh , as in other Celtic languages , `` glas '' may mean both ' green ' and ' blue ' ) is a hamlet on the A487 road in Gwynedd , Wales .
Cheshmeh Boluqu ( Persian : چشمه بلوقو‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Bolūqū ; also known as Cheshmeh Būlūqū ) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Glen Hope Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located in Elk Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
The Gillender Building was an early 20-story skyscraper in the Financial District of Manhattan in New York City .
Yale Park is a public waterfront park located on the shores of Yale Lake in Washington , United States .
Sukhvor - e Allahi ( Persian : سوخورالهي‎ , also Romanized as Sūkhvor - e Allahī ) is a village in Heydariyeh Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Mianchi County ( simplified Chinese : 渑池 ; traditional Chinese : 澠池 ; pinyin : Miǎnchí ) falls under the jurisdiction of Sanmenxia City , Henan .
Modrik ( Serbian : Модрик ) is a village in the municipality of Pale , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Bad Ashian ( Persian : باداشيان‎ , also Romanized as Bād Āshīān ) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District , Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Henley House was the first inland post established by the Hudson 's Bay Company , and is located in what is today Kenora District , Ontario , Canada .
The Monument Park Historic District is a historic district centered on Monument Park in downtown Fitchburg , Massachusetts .
Cheyenne Frontier Days is an outdoor rodeo and western celebration held annually since 1897 in Cheyenne , Wyoming , USA .
Revis Hill Prairie State Natural Area , also known as Revis Hill Prairie Nature Preserve , is a 412.7-acre ( 167.0 ha ) state park located six miles south of Easton in Mason County , Illinois .
Aiguebelle Abbey ( French : Abbaye Notre - Dame d'Aiguebelle ) is a Trappist monastery situated in the communes of Montjoyer and Réauville in the département of Drôme , on the borders of the Dauphiné and of Provence , France .
Kopaszewo ( kɔpaˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Lone Pine Koala Sanctuary is a 18-hectare ( 44-acre ) Koala Sanctuary located in the Brisbane suburb of Fig Tree Pocket in Queensland , Australia .
Churet ( Persian : چورت‎ , also Romanized as Chūret and Chūrat ) is a village in Garmab Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Barakuh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان براكوه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lundie is a parish and small hamlet in Angus , Scotland , 10 miles ( 16 km ) northwest of Dundee , situated at the head of the Dighty valley in the Sidlaws , off the A923 Dundee to Coupar Angus road .
Mossbrae Falls is a waterfall flowing into the Sacramento River , in the Shasta Cascade area in Dunsmuir , California .
The Ferris Site is an archaeological site in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio .
The Agate Basin Site is a Paleoindian archeological site in Niobrara County , Wyoming .
Ramona Gardens is a public housing development in the Boyle Heights neighborhood of Los Angeles , California , USA .
Romanswiller ( German : Romansweiler ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Bradbury Brook is an archeological procurement area ( 21ML42 ) , located a few miles south of Mille Lacs Lake in east central Minnesota .
Yekkeh Derakht ( Persian : يكه درخت‎ , also Romanized as Yekeh Derakht ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Clyde Arc ( known locally as the Squinty Bridge ) , is a road bridge spanning the River Clyde in Glasgow , in west central Scotland , connecting Finnieston , near the Clyde Auditorium and SECC with Pacific Quay and Glasgow Science Centre in Govan .
Cervera del Maestre ( Valencian : Cervera del Maestrat ) is a municipality in the comarca of Baix Maestrat in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Rogów Wołowski ( ˈrɔɡuf vɔˈwɔfski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko , within Wołów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Hollywood Fashion Center was a shopping mall located at the South East corner of Hollywood Boulevard ( State Road 820 ) and US 441 ( State Road 7 ) in Hollywood , Florida .
Lammana Priory was a priory on Looe Island in Cornwall , UK , consisting of two Benedictine monks until 1289 .
Tamluk subdivision is a subdivision of the Purba Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal , India . It under of Burdwan_division . It consists of Tamluk municipality , Panskura municipality and seven community development blocks :
Whitewater State Park is a state park of Minnesota , United States , preserving a stretch of the Whitewater River surrounded by rocky bluffs .
Karnaveh - ye Shirin ( Persian : كرناوه شيرين‎ , also Romanized as Karnāveh - ye Shīrīn ; also known as Karnāveh - ye Shīrān ) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District , in the Central District of Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Stare Zakole ( ˈstarɛ zaˈkɔlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tumalo Creek is a tributary , about 20 miles ( 32 km ) long , of the Deschutes River , located in Deschutes County in Central Oregon , United States .
Placerville Airport ( IATA : PVF , ICAO : KPVF , FAA LID : PVF ) is a county - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) east of the central business district of Placerville , in El Dorado County , California , United States .
Cabañaquinta ( Asturian name : Cabanaquinta , and officially Cabanaquinta / Cabañaquinta ) is one of 18 parish ( administrative division ) in Aller , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Eben - Ezer Tower , also known as the Museum of Flint ( French : Musée du Silex ) , is a tower and museum in Eben - Emael , in the municipality of Bassenge in eastern Belgium .
Sepidan Flour Mill ( Persian : كارخانه ارد سپيدان‎ -- Kārkhāneh Ārd - e Sepīdān ) is a village and company town in Zarqan Rural District , Zarqan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Bigelow Cholla Garden Wilderness is in the Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County , California , United States .
Shawano Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KEZS , FAA LID : EZS , formerly 3WO ) is a city and county owned , public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) northeast of the central business district of Shawano , a city in Shawano County , Wisconsin , United States .
Lower Goose Creek Reservoir is a lake located 4,734 feet ( 1,443 m ) above sea level , south of the town of Oakley in Cassia County , Idaho , United States .
Koterka ( kɔˈtɛrka ) ( Ukrainian : Котерка , Koterka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Château de Saint - Martin de Toques is a partly ruined , mountaintop castle in the Bizanet commune in the Aude département of southern France .
Ziaz ( Persian : زياز‎ , also Romanized as Zīāz ) is a village in Eshkevar - e Sofla Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Brazos Wind Farm , also known as the Green Mountain Energy Wind Farm at Brazos , is located in Borden and Scurry counties in Texas .
Canterbury Presbyterian Church is located along Clinton Street in downtown Cornwall , New York , United States .
The Tanami Desert is a desert in northern Australia situated in the Northern Territory and Western Australia .
Västra Torup is a minor locality situated in Hässleholm Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 198 inhabitants in 2010 down from 210 in 2005 , Västra Torup is no longer classified as an urban area by Statistics Sweden .
Stade Géitz is a football stadium in Wiltz , in north - western Luxembourg .
Meymunak ( Persian : ميمونك‎ , also Romanized as Meymūnak ) is a village in Khandan Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Glencoe House is a category B listed four - storey Victorian estate house in Glencoe , Lochaber , Highland , Scotland .
The Mount Morris Bank Building , also referred to as the Corn Exchange Bank ( Mount Morris Branch ) and Corn Exchange Building , is an historic building in the East Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City , located at 81 - 85 East 125th Street on the northwest corner of Park Avenue .
Camp Nelson National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in southern Jessamine County , Kentucky .
Gathi - Loumbo ( or Gatié Loumo on some maps ) is a village and seat of the commune of Farimaké in the Cercle of Youwarou in the Mopti Region of southern - central Mali .
Mountview is a property in Brentwood , Tennessee that was built in 1860 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 .
Wieprznica ( vjɛpʂˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cherry Creek Dam ( National ID # CO01280 ) is a dam in Arapahoe County , Colorado , in suburban Denver , southeast of the city center .
Stary Jarosław ( ( ˈstarɨ jaˈrɔswaf ) ; German : Alt Järshagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Sokolany ( sɔkɔˈlanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Peter Colley Tavern and Barn is a historic home that also served as an inn and tavern located at Redstone Township , Fayette County , Pennsylvania .
The Spring Field Banquet Center in Fullerton , California is a historic building built in Mission / Spanish Revival style .
Róża Podgórna ( ˈruʐa pɔdˈɡurna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Dobryń Duży ( ˈdɔbrɨɲ ˈduʐɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
St. Hallvard 's Church and Monastery ( Norwegian : St. Hallvard kirke og kloster ) on Enerhaugen in Oslo , Norway , not far from the former medieval St. Hallvard 's Cathedral , is the location of the largest current parish of the Roman Catholic Church in Norway .
Tirjerd Rural District ( Persian : دهستان تيرجرد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Abarkuh County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Rozgart ( ˈrɔzɡart ) ( German : Preussisch Rosengart ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Belknap Stone House in Newburgh , New York , USA , was built by Abel Belknap in the 1750s .
Gelnhausen station is the station of the town of Gelnhausen on the Kinzig Valley Railway in the German state of Hesse .
Sonbarsa Raj in Saharsa district , Bihar , India is a main settlement on National Highway 107 , extending from Maheshkhunt to Purnia .
Gladwin Zettel Memorial Airport ( IATA : GDW , ICAO : KGDW , FAA LID : GDW ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) southeast of the central business district of Gladwin , a city in Gladwin County , Michigan , United States .
The Beech Hill Summer Home District encompasses a collection of six early 20th century summer houses in Harrisville , New Hampshire , built on a ridge overlooking Dublin Pond with views of nearby Mount Monadnock .
Barloni is a village in Madha tehsil of Solapur district in state of Maharashtra .
The Clinton Valley Center ( CVC ) , originally called the Eastern Michigan Asylum for the Insane , was a psychiatric hospital located at 140 Elizabeth Lake Road in Pontiac , Michigan .
Palk Gardel ( Persian : پلك گردل‎ ) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District , Chavar District , Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Pink Cliffs are a series of highly dissected cliffs , approximately 35 mi ( 56 km ) long , along the southeast edge of the Paunsaugunt Plateau in southwestern Utah in the United States .
Budy - Mikołajka ( ˈbudɨ mikɔˈwai̯ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Avoca Island is an island located off the Intracoastal Waterway in the Morgan City Bayous near Morgan City , Louisiana , United States .
Golenice ( ɡɔlɛˈnit͡sɛ ) ( German : Schildberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Wainhouse Corner is a hamlet in north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Juiz de Fora ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈʒwiʒ dʒi ˈfɔɾɐ ) , Outsider Judge ) , also known as J.F. , is a city in the southeastern Brazilian state of Minas Gerais , approximately 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) from the state border with Rio de Janeiro .
Amanabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان امان آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran .
West Memphis High School is an accredited comprehensive public high school for students in grades ten through twelve in West Memphis , Arkansas , United States .
Irafsky District ( Russian : Ира́фский райо́н ; Ossetian : Æрæфы район ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the eight in the Republic of North Ossetia-- Alania , Russia .
Pa Hung ( Thai : ป่าหุ่ง ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Phan District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
The La Guardia and Wagner Archives was established in 1982 at LaGuardia Community College in Long Island City , Queens , New York , to collect , preserve , and make available primary materials documenting the social and political history of New York City , with an emphasis on the mayoralty and the borough of Queens .
The 35th Street Bridge crosses the Kanawha River in Charleston , West Virginia , in the United States .
WLTC ( 103.7 Lite FM ) is a radio station that is licensed in Cusseta , Georgia and serves the city of Columbus , Georgia and its metro area .
Located approximately 1.5 miles from the main Boston College campus in Chestnut Hill , Boston College Law School is situated on a 40-acre ( 160,000 m2 ) wooded campus in Newton , Massachusetts .
Parc Erissey is a hamlet north of Redruth , Cornwall , England .
Thunghong Subdistrict municipality Stadium ( Thai : สนามเทศบาลตำบลทุ่งโฮ้ง ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Phrae province , Thailand .
Nitmiluk National Park is in the Northern Territory of Australia , 244 km southeast of Darwin , around a series of gorges on the Katherine River and Edith Falls .
The Saddlehorn Caretaker 's House and Garage , also known as the Stone House , the Rock House and the Superintendent 's Quarters is a house in Colorado National Monument .
Riggs Park is a residential neighborhood in Northeast Washington , D.C. It is bounded by Riggs Road NE to the south and east , Eastern Avenue to the north , and Blair Road NE , Kansas Avenue NE , and North Capitol Street NE to the west .
Nezamabad - e Jadid ( Persian : نضام ابادجديد‎ , also Romanized as Nez̧āmābād - e Jadīd ; also known as Nez̧āmābād ) is a village in Jolgah Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bochna ( ˈbɔxna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tangub , officially City of Tangub and often referred to as Tangub City , is a fourth class city in the province of Misamis Occidental , Philippines .
Mian Tangan ( Persian : ميان تنگان‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Tangān and Mīyān Tangān ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District , in the Central District of Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Sumki ( ˈsumki ) ( German Sumken ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Estadio Chochi Sosa ( Chochi sosa Stadium ) is a concert and sports venue located in Tegucigalpa , Honduras .
Ferrum College is a private college in Ferrum , Virginia , USA , in the scenic Blue Ridge Mountains of Southwest Virginia .
The Weldon Spring Conservation Area , is a 8,398-acre ( 33.99 km2 ) conservation area that is owned and managed by the Missouri Department of Conservation and located in St. Charles County , Missouri .
The Olperer is a 3,476 metre high mountain in the Zillertal Alps in the Austrian federal state of Tyrol .
Rainforestation Nature Park is situated five minutes from Kuranda in Far North Queensland , Australia .
Mount Keith Airport ( IATA : WME , ICAO : YMNE ) is located at Mount Keith Mine , Western Australia and is operated by BHP Billiton .
The Lickey Hills ( known locally as simply The Lickeys ) are a range of hills in Worcestershire , England , 11 miles ( 18 km ) to the south - west of the centre of Birmingham near the villages of Lickey , Cofton Hackett and Barnt Green .
Sydenstricker School , also known as Pohick School # 8 and Upper Pohick Community League Hall ( since 1948 ) , is a historic one - room school located at Springfield , Fairfax County , Virginia .
The Circleville Pumpkin Show is an annual festival held in Circleville , Ohio .
Penàguila ( Valencian pronunciation : ( peˈnaɣila ) , Spanish : Penáguila ( peˈnaɣila ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Alcoià , Alicante , Valencia , Spain .
Pyhrn Pass ( el . 954 m ) is a mountain pass in the Austrian Alps between the Bundesländer of Upper Austria and Styria .
Fishersgate railway station is a railway station in West Sussex , England , serving the area known as Fishersgate between Portslade and Southwick at the most eastern edge of the County of West Sussex bordering the boundary of Brighton and Hove City Council .
Sarreguemines ( French pronunciation : ​(saʁɡəmin ) ; German : Saargemünd ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Fort Hancock and the Sandy Hook Proving Ground Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 , which includes Fort Hancock and the Sandy Hook Proving Ground in Middletown Township , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .
Budy Stawiskie ( ˈbudɨ staˈviskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Strabla ( ˈstrabla ) ( Ukrainian : Страбля , Strablia ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Khaneh Beygi ( Persian : خانه بيگي‎ , also Romanized as Khāneh Beygī ; also known as Khāneh Begī ) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Kureh Kani ( Persian : كوره كاني‎ , also Romanized as Kūreh Kānī ) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Stadio Franco Ossola ( also called Luigi Ganna Velodrome ) is a sports stadium and velodrome currently in use by the football team A.S. Varese 1910 .
Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery is an American military cemetery located in St. Louis County , Missouri , just on the banks of the Mississippi River .
Chalvey is a former village which is now a suburb of Slough in the unitary authority of Slough in Berkshire , England .
The King Range Wilderness is a 42,585-acre ( 172 km2 ) federally designated wilderness area within the King Range National Conservation Area in northern California , United States .
Gökçedam ( also known as Hemite ) is a village in the central district of Osmaniye Province , Turkey .
Caister - on - Sea , also known colloquially as Caister , is a settlement in Norfolk in England , United Kingdom , close to the large town of Great Yarmouth .
St. Marx Cemetery ( Sankt Marxer Friedhof ) is a cemetery in the Landstraße district of Vienna , used from 1784 until 1874 .
WNTA ( 1330 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Rockford , Illinois , USA .
Kijno ( ˈkii̯nɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarne , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Berwick Area Senior High School ( also called Berwick Area High School , Berwick High School or BHS ) is a small , rural , public high school in Columbia County , in Northeastern Pennsylvania , USA .
Arab Abdi ( Persian : عرب عابدي‎ , also Romanized as `` Arab `` Ābdī ) is a village in Qaryah ol Kheyr Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 553 , in 119 families .
The Kelly Family Home is a historic structure at 657 S. Main St. in Dayton , Ohio .
Kandan Sar ( Persian : كندان سر‎ , also Romanized as Kandān Sar ) is a village in Alamut - e Bala Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Myakka River State Park is a Florida State Park , that is located nine miles ( 11 km ) east of I-75 in Sarasota in Sarasota County and that includes portions of southeastern Manatee County .
Myrnam is a village in east central Alberta , Canada .
Zbereże ( zbɛˈrɛʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Uhruska , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Hoosac Wind Power Project is a wind farm on Crum Hill in Monroe , Massachusetts and on Bakke Mountain in Florida , Massachusetts .
Sham Chung ( Chinese : 深涌 ) is an area of Neolithic settlement in Hong Kong .
The Sonoran Desert is a North American desert which covers large parts of the Southwestern United States in Arizona and California , and of Northwestern Mexico in Sonora , Baja California and Baja California Sur .
Barzena ( Persian : برزنا‎ , also Romanized as Barzenā ) is a village in Virmuni Rural District , in the Central District of Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Drumheller / Ostergard 's Airport , ( TC LID : CDO2 ) , is located 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ; 12 mi ) south southeast of Drumheller , Alberta , Canada , immediately east of the community of Dalum and south of Highway 569
The Gibraltar Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on the Toronto Islands in Toronto , Ontario .
The Zumberge Hall of Science , commonly known simply as ZHS , is one of the original buildings of the University of Southern California 's University Park Campus , completed in 1928 as well as one of the largest .
Wildlife West Nature Park is a 122-acre ( 49 ha ) nature park , enhanced zoo , and entertainment venue located in Edgewood , New Mexico , USA .
Asbrahan ( Persian : اسبراهان‎ , also Romanized as Asbrāhān ; also known as Asb Rāhān ) is a village in Tutaki Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Rusiły ( ruˈɕiwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podedwórze , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kasiłan ( kaˈɕiwan ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kowalewo Małe ( kɔvaˈlɛvɔ ˈmawɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Canton of La Conca - d'Oro is a former canton of the arrondissement of Bastia , in the Haute - Corse department , France .
Klintholm Havn is a fishing village and a popular tourist resort on the south coast of Møn , an island in Vordingborg Municipality , southeastern Denmark .
The Emeralda Marsh Conservation Area ( EMCA ) is a 7,089-acre ( 28.69 km2 ) U.S. conservation area administered by the St. Johns River Water Management District in Florida .
Milner Dam is a rockfill dam near Burley in south central Idaho .
Lakewood Speedway was a race track located south of Atlanta , Georgia , in Lakewood , just north of the eastern arm of Langford Parkway ( formerly Lakewood Freeway ) .
Starosiedle ( starɔˈɕɛdlɛ ) ( German : Starzeddel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gubin , within Krosno Odrzańskie County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , close to the German border .
Edayar is a small village of Koothattukulam panchyat in Ernakulam district and located at a distance of 5 km from Koothattukulam town and 6 km from Piravom in Kerala , India .
Peachtree Ridge High School is a public high school in Gwinnett County , in Suwanee , Georgia , USA and a part of Gwinnett County Public Schools .
Lake Ming is a man - made recreational lake located in Bakersfield , California .
KAPZ ( 710 AM ) was a radio station formerly licensed to Bald Knob , Arkansas , USA .
The Hôtel de Massa is located at 38 rue du Faubourg Saint Jacques in the 14th arrondissement of Paris .
Llanfihangel Ystrad ( English `` Vale of St Michael '' ) is a constituent parish in Ceredigion , Wales .
Jowharabad ( Persian : جوهر اباد‎ , also Romanized as Jowharābād ) is a village in Bazan Rural District , in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Brebel ( Danish : Bredbøl ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
The Statue of the Republic is a 24-foot - high ( 7.3 m ) gilded bronze sculpture in Jackson Park , Chicago , Illinois .
Tembhu is the site of an Rs 9-billion irrigation project , set up in order to provide water to the drought - stricken Satara district .
Azarsi - ye Shaban Ali ( Persian : ازارسي شعبانعلي‎ , also Romanized as Āzārsī - ye Sha``bān ʿAlī ) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District , Babol Kenar District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Stiperstones is a distinctive hill in the county of Shropshire , England .
Kramarzówka ( kramaˈʐufka ) ( Ukrainian : Крамарівка , Kramarivka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruchnik , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Zahoczewie ( zaxɔˈt͡ʂɛvʲɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Загочев'я , Zahochevya ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baligród , within Lesko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Grangemouth is a town in east Stirlingshire and is part of the Falkirk council area , Scotland .
Cheviot Lake is a lake in central Saskatchewan , Canada south - east of Saskatoon .
Castle Baynard is one of the 25 Wards of the City of London , the historic and financial centre of London .
Lubiao Subdistrict ( Chinese : 禄脿街道 ; pinyin : Lùbiăo Jiēdào ) formerly a town situated in western Anning City , Yunnan province , southwestern China .
The Janiculum ( Italian : Gianicolo pronounced ( dʒaˈniːkolo ) ) is a hill in western Rome , Italy .
Portsoy ( Scottish Gaelic : Port Saoidh ) is a village in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Tarímbaro is a municipality in the Mexican state of Michoacán which Valtazar Gaona is the mayor of .
Halilehi ( Persian : حليله اي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩalīlehī and Ḩalīlehee ) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Siedleczka ( ɕɛdˈlɛt͡ʂka ) ( Ukrainian : Сідлечка , Sidlechka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kańczuga , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Naradhan is within the Bland Shire local government area .
Otówko ( ɔˈtufkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gostyń , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Ningyuan County ( simplified Chinese : 宁远县 ; traditional Chinese : 寧遠縣 ; pinyin : Níngyuǎn Xiàn ) is under the administration of Yongzhou , Hunan province , China .
Wheeler Hall is a building on the campus of the University of California , Berkeley in Berkeley , California in the Classical Revival style .
The Malacky District ( Slovak : okres Malacky ) is a district in the Bratislava Region of western Slovakia .
The Sawtooth National Recreation Area ( SNRA ) is a National Recreation Area located in central Idaho that is managed as part of Sawtooth National Forest .
Marramarra National Park is a protected national park that is located in the Hawkesbury region of northwestern Sydney , New South Wales , in eastern Australia .
Geode State Park is a state park of Iowa , USA , border Henry County and Des Moines County It is managed by the Iowa Department of Natural Resources .
Bomere Heath is a village in Shropshire , England , which lies north of the county town of Shrewsbury and between Baschurch and Harlescott .
Llangadog is a community located in Carmarthenshire , Wales , which includes the villages of Llangadog , Bethlehem and Capel Gwynfe .
Milnrow ( pop . 13,062(2011 ) ) is a suburban town within the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale , in Greater Manchester , England .
The American Security and Trust Company Building is a Neoclassical bank office in Washington , D.C. , designed by the architectural firm of York and Sawyer .
Superior Collegiate and Vocational Institute ( SCVI ) is a high school in Thunder Bay , Ontario and is part of the Lakehead District School Board system .
One South Broad , also known as the Lincoln - Liberty Building or PNB Building , is a 28-story 472-foot ( 144 m ) office tower in Center City , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Sheboygan Lighthouse stood on North Point in Sheboygan , Wisconsin .
Fossil Springs Wilderness is an 11,550-acre ( 4,674 ha ) wilderness area within the Coconino National Forest in the U.S. state of Arizona .
Rikers Island Bridge ( officially named Francis R. Buono Memorial Bridge ) is a Girder Bridge that connects Rikers Island in the borough of the Bronx with the borough of Queens in New York City .
Jockey Hollow is a unit of Morristown National Historical Park in Morristown , Morris County , New Jersey , United States .
Qeshlaq - e Seyf Khanlu - ye Yek ( Persian : قشلاق سيف خانلو1‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Seyf Khānlū - ye Yek ) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District , Aslan Duz District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Agh Kahriz ( Persian : اغ كهريز‎ , also Romanized as Āgh Kahrīz ; also known as Āq Kahrīz ) is a village in Yekanat Rural District , Yamchi District , Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Great Plains Technology Center is a public career and technology education center that has campuses in Lawton , Oklahoma and Frederick , Oklahoma .
The Grindstone Indian Rancheria of Wintun - Wailaki Indians is a federally recognized tribe and ranchería of Wintun and Wailaki Indians from northern California .
Bates Turkey Farm is a domestic turkey producer founded in 1923 and based near Fort Deposit , Alabama ( about thirty miles south of Montgomery , in Lowndes County ) .
Ammerschwihr ( German : Ammerschweier ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Niwnica ( nivˈnit͡sa ) ( German Neunz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Plymouth Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house located at the corner of Germantown and Butler Pikes in Plymouth Meeting , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
Hazbeh ( Persian : حزبه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩazbeh ) is a village in Jahad Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Naxalbari block comes under the jurisdiction of Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district .
Tsuen Wan Public Ho Chuen Yiu Memorial College ( TWPHCYMC ; Chinese : 荃灣公立何傳耀紀念中學 or 何傳耀 in short ) is an English - language ( EMI ) secondary school located at Shek Wai Kok Estate , Tsuen Wan , Hong Kong .
Jug Handle State Natural Reserve is a state park unit of California , United States , preserving a series of marine terraces each exhibiting a different stage of ecological succession .
KTPT , known as `` 97.9 The Point '' , is a radio station serving Rapid City , South Dakota and the surrounding region .
Ngala is a local government area of Borno State , Nigeria .
Jobbers Canyon Historic District was a large industrial and warehouse area comprising 24 buildings located in downtown Omaha , Nebraska , USA .
Bobâlna ( Olpret until 1957 ; Hungarian : Alparét ; German : Krautfeld ) is a commune in Cluj County , Romania , having a population of 1,888 .
Kafriz ( Persian : كفريز‎ , also Romanized as Kafrīz ) is a village in Malekabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Spray School is a K-12 public school in Spray , Oregon , United States .
Chepping Wycombe is a civil parish within Wycombe district in the ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire .
Chhapaiya is a village in Gonda District in the state of Uttar Pradesh about 50 km from district headquarters Gonda and 40 kilometers from the major city of Ayodhya .
Mount Spokane ( elevation 5,883 feet or 1,793 metres ) is a mountain located northeast of Spokane , Washington .
Koserz ( ˈkɔsɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Leifeng Pagoda ( Chinese : 雷峰塔 ; pinyin : Léi Fēng Tǎ ) is a five - storey tower with eight sides , located on Sunset Hill south of the West Lake in Hangzhou , China .
The Lynwood Theatre is a moviehouse in Bainbridge Island , Kitsap County , Washington .
Eslamabad - e Bala ( Persian : اسلام ابادبالا‎ , also Romanized as Eslāmābād - e Bālā ; also known as Eslāmābād ) is a village in Mazraeh - ye Shomali Rural District , Voshmgir District , Aqqala County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Masabi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مصعبي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tareh - ye Ashayiri ( Persian : طرح عشايري‎ , also Romanized as Ţareḥ - ye ʿAshāyīrī ) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Kutuleh - ye Baba Karam ( Persian : كوتوله باباكرم‎‎ , also Romanized as Kūtūleh - ye Bābā Karam ) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Mixer Tavern is a historic tavern , now a private residence , at 14 Westford Road in Ashford , Connecticut .
Dazu District ( simplified Chinese : 大足区 ; traditional Chinese : 大足區 ; pinyin : Dàzú Qū ) is a district of Chongqing , China .
Ulatowo - Adamy ( ulaˈtɔvɔ aˈdamɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Panbeh Zaban ( Persian : پنبه زبان‎ , also Romanized as Panbeh Zabān ; also known as Panbeh Zanān ) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District , Bizineh Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Nardus stricta in particular is an unpalatable and unproductive grass , and the Flora of Cumbria specifically notes a possible connection between areas of late snow cover and Nardus grassland at high altitudes in the Helvellyn range .
Darreh Eshkaft - e Sarak ( Persian : دره اشكفت سراك‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Eshkaft - e Sarāk ; also known as Darreh Eshkaft ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bobby Mackey 's Music World is a nightclub and honky tonk located in Wilder , Kentucky , United States owned by country singer Bobby Mackey .
The Mount Clare Shops is the oldest railroad manufacturing complex in the United States , located in Baltimore , Maryland .
Steamboat Springs Airport ( IATA : SBS , ICAO : KSBS , FAA LID : SBS ) ( Bob Adams Field ) is a city owned airport three miles northwest of Steamboat Springs , in Routt County , Colorado .
Özvatan ( formerly Çukur ) is a town and district of Kayseri Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey .
The California Hotel and Casino , also known as The Cal opened in 1975 at a cost of $ 10 million with a hotel and casino located in Downtown Las Vegas , Nevada near the Fremont Street Experience .
Britton Plaza Shopping Center is a 522,689-square - foot ( 48,559.4 m2 ) open - air shopping plaza in the Fair Oaks - Manhattan Manor neighborhood of Tampa , Florida ( on the corner of Dale Mabry Highway and Euclid Avenue ) .
Tang - e Shabikhun ( Persian : تنگشبيخون‎‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Shabīkhūn ) is a village in Robat Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pałapus Szlachecki ( paˈwapus ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Naurangabad is a village and location of the Indus Valley Civilization archaeological site in Bhiwani district of Haryana state in India .
La Trobe University is an Australian multi - campus public research university whose flagship campus , the largest metropolitan campus in the country , is located in Melbourne , Victoria .
Lochslin ( Scottish Gaelic : Loch Slinn ) is a small hamlet , situated northeast of the fresh water loch , Loch Eye in Tain , Ross - shire , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
Kidapawan , officially the City of Kidapawan ( Filipino : Lungsod ng Kidapawan ) or Kidapawan City , is the capital city of Cotabato Province .
Jaber va Naser ( Persian : جابر و ناصر‎ , also Romanized as Jāber va Nāṣer ) is a village in Poshteh - ye Zilayi Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Great Bend High School is a public high school located in Great Bend , Kansas , serving students in grades 9 - 12 .
The Tishomingo City Hall on W. Main St. in Tishomingo , Oklahoma , also known as Bank of the Chickasaw Nation , was built in 1911 .
Travancinha is a village and parish in the Portuguese Seia Municipality .
Chahak Mesriyan ( Persian : چاهک‎ ) is a village in Hormak Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center , formerly known as Opryland Hotel , is a large hotel and convention center located in Nashville , Tennessee .
San Francisquito Creek ( Spanish for `` Little San Francisco '' - the `` little '' referring to size of the creek , not the saint ) is a creek that flows into southwest San Francisco Bay in California , United States of America .
Kalateh - ye Feyzabad ( Persian : كلاته فيض اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Feyz̤ābād ) is a village in Kenevist Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Barkley Regional Airport ( IATA : PAH , ICAO : KPAH , FAA LID : PAH ) is 14 miles west of Paducah , in McCracken County , Kentucky .
KUNV is a non - commercial , jazz - oriented campus radio station in Paradise , Nevada , broadcasting on 91.5 FM broadcasting from Greenspun Hall on the campus of University of Nevada , Las Vegas ( UNLV ) .
Greenbrier County Courthouse and Lewis Spring is a historic courthouse building and spring house located at Lewisburg , Greenbrier County , West Virginia .
The Verwall Alps or Verwall Group are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps at the border of the Austrian states of Tyrol and Vorarlberg .
Rood Bridge Park is a municipal park in southeast Hillsboro , Oregon , United States .
The Aline Barnsdall Hollyhock House is a building in the East Hollywood neighborhood of Los Angeles , California , originally designed by Frank Lloyd Wright as a residence for oil heiress Aline Barnsdall , built in 1919 - -1921 .
The Shuimogou District ( Pinyin : Shuǐmógōu Qū ; Uyghur : شۇيموگۇ رايونى‎ , ULY : Shuymogu Rayoni , UYY : Xuymogu rayoni ? ) is a district within the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and is under the administrative jurisdiction of the Ürümqi City .
Kolańska Huta ( kɔˈlaɲska ˈxuta ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
North Becket Village Historic District is a historic district encompassing the historic village of North Becket in the Berkshire hill town of Becket , Massachusetts .
Thadivalasa ( Telugu : తాడివలస ) is a village located in Ponduru Mandal , Srikakulam district , Andhra Pradesh , India and about 18 kilometres ( 11 mi ) from Srikakulam Town .
Jeszkowice ( jɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Jäschkowitz , 1937 : Lengefeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernica , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Stokes - Lee House is located in Collingswood , Camden County , New Jersey , United States , on the 600 block of Lees Avenue .
WQNC ( 92.7 FM ) is a Mainstream Urban radio station in Charlotte , North Carolina that is owned and operated by Radio One .
Nematollah ( Persian : نعمت الله‎ , also Romanized as Ne``matollāh ; also known as Neimatullah ) is a village in Mishu - e Jonubi Rural District , Sufian District , Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 771 , in 195 families .
The American National Fish and Wildlife Museum , doing business as Wonders of Wildlife Museum & Aquarium , also known as Wonders of Wildlife Zooquarium or just Wonders of Wildlife in Springfield , Missouri , showcases more than 225 species of live animals , fresh and saltwater aquariums , interactive displays and educational programs .
São Sebastião da Pedreira ( English : Saint Sebastian of the Quarry ) was a Portuguese parish ( freguesia ) in the municipality of Lisbon .
The Barnstable High School Performing Arts Center , is located at Barnstable High School , in Barnstable , Massachusetts .
Davan ( Persian : دوان‎ , also Romanized as Davān , Dawan , and Dovān ) is a village in Deris Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Abu Geraniyeh - ye Yek ( Persian : ابوگرينيه يك‎ , also Romanized as Abū Gerānīyeh - ye Yek ; also known as Abū Gereyneh - ye Yek ) is a village in Shoaybiyeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , Shadravan District , Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Boulder Dam Hotel , also known as the Boulder City Inn , is a hotel located in Boulder City , Nevada that is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places .
In Bratislava , Slovakia , Michael 's Gate is the only city gate that has been preserved of the medieval fortifications and ranks among the oldest town buildings .
San Michele di Ganzaria ( Sicilian : San Micheli di Ganzarìa ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily , located about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) southeast of Palermo and about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southwest of Catania .
Werkowo ( vɛrˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Vidradnyi ( Ukrainian : Відрадний ) is a neighbourhood in Kiev , Ukraine .
Deh Dashti ( Persian : ده دشتي‎ , also Romanized as Deh Dashtī ) is a village in Qaleh Biyaban Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Henry French House , also known as the Salmon - French House , is a historic house located in the Port Fulton area of Jeffersonville , Clark County , Indiana in the United States .
The Taylor Mill State Historic Site is a state park of New Hampshire located in Derry , Rockingham County , in the southeast part of the state .
Apotheosis of St. Louis is a statue of King Louis IX of France , namesake of St. Louis , Missouri , located in front of the Saint Louis Art Museum in Forest Park .
St Day ( Cornish : Sen Day ) is a civil parish and village in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Kacprowo ( kat͡sˈprɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Lechtal is an alpine valley in Austria , the greater part of which belongs to the state of Tyrol and the smaller part to Vorarlberg .
Capital Repertory Theatre ( Capital Rep or theREP ) is a 287-seat professional regional theatre in Albany , New York .
Naval Air Station Pasco was a United States Navy air station located 2 miles ( 3 km ) northwest of Pasco , in Franklin County , Washington , USA .
The Palazzo Giustinian is a palace in Venice , northern Italy , situated in the Dorsoduro district and overlooking the Grand Canal next to Ca ' Foscari .
Aadma ( German : Ahdma ) is a village in Käina Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Brunswick Executive Airport ( ICAO : KBXM , FAA LID : BXM ) is a public use general aviation airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) southeast of the central business district of Brunswick , a town in Cumberland County , Maine , United States .
Makuleh ( Persian : ماكوله‎ , also Romanized as Mākūleh and Makooleh ) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Golpayegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Assonet Bay is a small inland bay in Assonet , a village within the town of Freetown , Massachusetts .
The Travellers ' Rest Inn is a historic inn on the main street of Greenfield , Ohio , United States .
Stradyń ( ˈstradɨɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn , within Wolsztyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Brzozówko ( bʐɔˈzufkɔ ) ( German : Birkenhöhe ; until 1938 : Brosowken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Prętkowice ( prɛntkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Ab Bari ( Persian : َََآب باري‎ , also Romanized as Āb Bārī ; also known as Āb Bārīk ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bruce Randolph School is a public school in Denver , Colorado for grades six through twelve .
The Fiery Gizzard Trail runs from Tracy City , Tennessee to Foster Falls in Marion County , Tennessee .
Römermuseum Schwarzenacker ( Schwarzenacker Roman Museum ) is an archaeological open - air museum in Schwarzenacker , a district of Homburg , Saarland , Germany .
Basi Kiratpur is a city and a municipal board in Bijnor district of Uttar Pradesh .
Radar Kumeh ( Persian : راداركومه‎ , also Romanized as Rādār Kūmeh ; also known as Rādār Khūmeh ) is a village in Chaf Rural District , in the Central District of Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Hillel Street ( Hebrew : רחוב הלל‎ , Rehov Hillel ) is one of the central streets of Jerusalem .
Yarom Gonbad ( Persian : يارم گنبد‎ , also Romanized as Yārom Gonbad ) is a village in Sangar Rural District , in the Central District of Faruj County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Westland Mansion was the Princeton , New Jersey , retirement home of the twenty - second and twenty - fourth President of the United States , Grover Cleveland .
Mota Gunda is a village situated near Bhanvad taluk in Devbhumi Dwarka district in Gujarat , India .
Anjos is a former parish ( freguesia ) in the municipality of Lisbon , Portugal .
Colchuck Glacier is in the Stuart Range immediately north of Colchuck Peak and Dragontail Peak , in the U.S. state of Washington .
Bhamo Township ( Burmese : ဗန်းမော်မြို့နယ် ) is a township of Bhamo District in the Kachin State of Burma .
Bathers Beach , Fremantle also known as Whalers Beach is a section of coastline which has a written history since the European settlement of what is now called Fremantle , Western Australia .
Little Petherick ( Cornish : Nansfenten ) is a village and civil parish in north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Earl Warren Building located at 350 McAllister Street in San Francisco , California is the headquarters of the Supreme Court of California .
Wanzai County ( simplified Chinese : 万载,Pinyin : wànzài ) is a county of Yichun in the Chinese province of Jiangxi .
The Montford Area Historic District is a mainly residential neighborhood in Asheville , North Carolina that is included in the National Register of Historic Places .
Ormond Beach Airport ( ICAO : KOMN , FAA LID : OMN ) , also known as Ormond Beach Municipal Airport , is a general aviation airport located 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) to the northwest of the city of Ormond Beach in Volusia County , Florida , USA .
The Georgia Aquarium is a public aquarium in Atlanta , Georgia , USA .
A number of federal and provincial government offices are located in Gatineau , due to its proximity to the national capital , and its status as the main town of the Outaouais region of Quebec .
Lake Bruin is an ox - bow lake of the Mississippi River located in Tensas Parish in northeastern Louisiana .
Rodaki ( rɔˈdaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klucze , within Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Stranraer ( UK : /stranˈrɑ:/ stran - RAR ; Scottish Gaelic : An t - Sròn Reamhar , pronounced ( ənˠ̪ t̪ʰɾɔːn ɾãũ.əɾ ) ) is a town in Inch , Wigtownshire , in the west of Dumfries and Galloway , southwest Scotland .
Dybäck Castle ( Swedish : Dybäcks slott ) is a castle in Skurup Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden .
Centralia / James T. Field Memorial Aerodrome , originally RCAF Station Centralia , ( IATA : YCE , ICAO : CYCE ) , is located 1.6 nautical miles ( 3.0 km ; 1.8 mi ) west of Centralia , Ontario , Canada .
Sussex I State Prison is a prison of the Virginia Department of Corrections located in unincorporated Sussex County , Virginia , near Waverly .
Rogue River Valley Grange No . 469 was a historic Grange hall located at 2064 Upper River Road in Grants Pass , Oregon .
Temple Beth Or ( formerly Kahl Montgomery ) is an historic reform Jewish congregation in Montgomery , Alabama .
The Southfield Public Library is located at 26300 Evergreen Road in the city of Southfield , Michigan .
Ötisheim , known in local dialect as Aize , is a town in the district of Enz in Baden - Württemberg in Germany .
The Yost Tavern is a historic former inn in the city of Montgomery , Ohio , United States .
The Mall at Lawson Heights is a shopping centre located at the junction of Warman Road and Primrose Drive in north Saskatoon , Saskatchewan in the Lawson Heights Suburban Centre neighbourhood .
Gurizeneh ( Persian : گوريزنه‎ , also Romanized as Gūrīzeneh ) is a village in Alaviyeh Rural District , Kordian District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Brown and Sharpe Manufacturing Company Complex ( also known as Darling , Brown & Sharpe ; Capital Industrial Center ; The Foundry ) is a historic factory complex in Providence , Rhode Island .
The Chatter Creek Guard Station is a Rustic style set of buildings in Wenatchee National Forest , in Leavenworth , Washington .
Pomarzanki ( pɔmaˈʐanki ) ( German : Moorhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Jamborek ( jamˈbɔrɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sunriver Resort is a luxury resort and residential community in central Oregon , in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States .
Restvale Cemetery is located at 11700 S. Laramie Street in Alsip , Illinois , United States , a suburb southwest of the city of Chicago .
Aq Kamar - e Sofla ( Persian : اق كمرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Āq Kamar - e Soflá ; also known as Āq Kamar - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Balaband Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mętlew ( ˈmɛntlɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Barclay Hotel was located at 237 S. 18th St. in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania on Rittenhouse Square .
Drena ( German : Drenn ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southwest of Trento .
Uderz ( ˈudɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kijowiec - Szyszynek ( kiˈjɔvjɛt͡s ʂɨˈʂɨnɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Harbor Lights Lake is a reservoir in Suamico , Wisconsin , Brown County , Wisconsin , United States .
The Knapp Center is a 7,152-seat multi - purpose arena on the campus of Drake University in Des Moines , Iowa , United States .
Sunshine Coast Stadium , is a multi - sport venue located at Kawana Waters on the Sunshine Coast , Queensland .
Edwin H. Cheney House ( 1903 ) located in Oak Park , Illinois , United States , was Frank Lloyd Wright 's design of this residence for electrical engineer Edwin Cheney .
Kartlewko ( karˈtlɛfkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Northeast Technology Center ( NTC ) is a public career and technology education center located in Afton , Pryor , Kansas and Claremore , Oklahoma and is part of the Oklahoma Department of Career and Technology Education system .
Słochy Annopolskie ( ˈswɔxɨ annɔˈpɔlskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The airport is situated on land owned by the city of Lugano , whilst management is the responsibility of Lugano Airport SA , whose shares are owned by the canton of Ticino ( 12.5 % ) and the city ( 87.5 % ) .
Khud - e Bala ( Persian : خودبالا‎ , also Romanized as Khūd - e Bālā ; also known as Khūd - e Mīān ) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Acadiana Regional Airport ( IATA : ARA , ICAO : KARA , FAA LID : ARA ) is a public use airport in Iberia Parish , Louisiana , United States .
Pytowice ( pɨtɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Redwood Valley Railway is a 15 in ( 381 mm ) gauge miniature railway in Tilden Regional Park near Berkeley , California .
Janczewo Wielkie ( janˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szulborze Wielkie , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Drew University is a coeducational private university located in Madison , New Jersey , in the United States .
WLGI , known as `` Radio Bahá'í '' , is licensed to Hemingway , South Carolina , and broadcasts at 90.9 FM .
Cheriyal ( or Cherial ) is a village and a mandal in Warangal district in the state of Telangana in India .
Bazarsar - e Lafmejan ( Persian : بازارسرلفمجان‎ , also Romanized as Bāzārsar - e Lafmejān ) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Chynowa ( xɨˈnɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przygodzice , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Jannatabad - e Jangal ( Persian : جنت ابادجنگل‎ , also Romanized as Jannatābād - e Jangal ; also known as Jannatābād , Jannatābād - e Shīr Moḩammad , and Shir Moḩammad ) is a village in Jangal Rural District , Jangal District , Rashtkhvar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rhydtalog is a small , isolated village in Flintshire , Wales .
Peyton Clark Cottage , also known as `` Woodthorpe , '' is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake , town of St. Armand in Essex County , New York .
Świdwiborek ( ɕfidviˈbɔrɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myszyniec , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Grapevine Lake is a reservoir located in the North Texas region , approximately 20 mi ( 32 km ) northwest of Dallas and northeast of Fort Worth .
Hipolitowo ( xipɔliˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Homberg ( Ohm ) is a town in the Vogelsbergkreis in Hesse , Germany .
The Lower Lusatian Ridge Nature Park ( German : Naturpark Niederlausitzer Landrücken ) is a nature park and reserve in the state of Brandenburg , Germany .
Dąbrowa - Zabłotne ( dɔmˈbrɔva zaˈbwɔtnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Hoctún Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` where the stone is quarried or ripped '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 123.91 km2 ) of land and located roughly 45 km east of the city of Mérida .
Żeromin ( ʐɛˈrɔmin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn , within Łódź East County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kalateh - ye Pahlvanlu ( Persian : كلاته پهلوانلو‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Pahlvānlū ) is a village in Badranlu Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
A liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) off - loading and processing facility called the Crown Landing LNG Terminal was proposed in Logan Township , New Jersey on a 175-acre ( 71 ha ) site along the Delaware River .
New Minaa Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Basra , Iraq , that is currently under construction .
The Garden City Skyway is a major high - level bridge located in St. Catharines and Niagara - on - the - Lake , Ontario , Canada , that allows the Queen Elizabeth Way ( QEW ) to cross the Welland Canal without the interruption of a lift bridge .
The Unity Burial Ground is a small graveyard located on the southeast end of White Plain in the Nichols section of Trumbull , Connecticut .
Yurung Gewog ( Dzongkha : ཡུ་རུང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Pemagatshel District , Bhutan .
Ochilview Park is a football stadium in Stenhousemuir in central Scotland , which is the home ground of Scottish League One club , Stenhousemuir who currently share it with local rivals East Stirlingshire .
Villasalto , Bidda de Sartu or Bidda de Saltu in sardinian language , is a Comune / Comunu ( municipality ) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northeast of Cagliari .
Austerfield is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster ( part of South Yorkshire , England ) , on the border with Nottinghamshire .
Brandon Generating Station is a subbituminous coal- and natural gas - fired station owned by Manitoba Hydro , located in Brandon , Manitoba , Canada .
Bajtkowo ( bai̯tˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Baitkowen ( 1938 - 45:Baitenberg ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Starkowa Huta ( starˈkɔva ˈxuta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Goose Creek Energy Center is a 450 megawatt natural gas fired power station located in Goose Creek township , Piatt County , Illinois between Lodge , Illinois and De Land , Illinois .
The Second Church in Newton , United Church of Christ , is located at 60 Highland Street in West Newton , a village of Newton , Massachusetts .
Ras al - Bassit ( Arabic : رأس البسيط‎ ) , historically known as Posideion or Posideium , is a small cape located 53 kilometres ( 33 mi ) north of Latakia , Syria on the Mediterranean Sea .
New Stone Hall is a historic school building located at Franklin in Delaware County , New York , United States .
Kern County Raceway Park is a 0.5-mile ( 0.80 km ) oval speedway located on CA 43 ( Enos Lane ) just off Interstate 5 in Bakersfield , Kern County , California .
County Durham ( /ˈdʌrəm/ , locally /ˈdɜrəm/ ) is a county in North East England .
IJzerlo is a neighbourhood in the municipality of Aalten , between Aalten and Dinxperlo in the ( Achterhoek region ) in the eastern Netherlands with a population of around 160 inhabitants .
Adelphi University is a private , nonsectarian university located in Garden City , in Nassau County , New York , United States .
The Zichuan District ( simplified Chinese:淄川区 ; pinyin : Zīchuān Qū ) is one of eight divisions within the city of Zibo in the Chinese province of Shandong .
Ondes is a commune in the Haute - Garonne department in southwestern France near Toulouse .
The Arsenal Street Bridge is a bridge connecting Arsenal Street in Watertown , Massachusetts to Western Avenue in Allston , Boston , Massachusetts .
Drift Falls , also known as Bust - Yer - Butt Falls and Driftwood Falls , is a waterfall located on private property in Transylvania County , North Carolina .
Meymeh District ( Persian : بخش میمه‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Narsaq Municipality was a municipality in south Greenland until 31 December 2008 .
Oak Lawn Farm Dairy Barn is a historic barn building northeast of Whitewater , Kansas , United States .
Chowlahiriyur is a village in Kadur Taluk Chikkamagaluru district , located about 18 km ( 11 mi ) from Hosadurga .
Licensed to North Adams , Massachusetts , USA , WUPE - FM serves the Pittsfield area .
Dairsie Old Church , formerly St Mary 's Church , is the former parish church of Dairsie , in north - east Fife , Scotland .
The Elwin Bay diatreme , also called the Elwin Bay kimberlite , is a small post - Silurian diatreme located approximately 1 km ( 0.62 mi ) south of Elwin Bay at the eastern margin of Somerset Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Łopatki - Kolonia ( wɔˈpatki kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąwolnica , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kesan ( Persian : كسن‎ ) is a village in Golidagh Rural District , Golidagh District , Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Hunting Lodge Farm is a historic house located near Oxford in Oxford Township , Butler County , Ohio , United States .
Harpenden Rural is a civil parish in the City and District of St Albans in Hertfordshire , England , to the west of Harpenden parish .
The Monticello Motor Club is a private country club for automotive enthusiasts with a 4.1 miles ( 6.6 km ) long motor racing circuit situated in Monticello , New York .
Halliggye Fogou is one of many fogous in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Zanuqabad ( Persian : زانوق اباد‎ , also Romanized as Zānūqābād ; also known as Zāghābād , Z̄ājābād , Zanoogh Abad , and Zāqābād ) is a village in Bahreman Rural District , Nuq District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Trinity College Kirk was a royal collegiate church in Edinburgh , Scotland .
MidSouthCon is an American science - fiction convention held each March in Memphis , Tennessee , since 1982 , evolving from similar events in the late 1970s .
Kal - e Babadi ( Persian : كل بابادي‎ , also Romanized as Kal - e Bābādī ) is a village in Dehdez Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The John Hale House ( circa 1694 ) , also known as the Rev. John Hale Farm , is a historic Colonial house located at 39 Hale Street , Beverly , Massachusetts .
Vare - Washington School , formerly Abigail Vare School , is a K-8 school in South Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Brzostków ( ˈbʐɔstkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Anglezarke is a sparsely populated civil parish in the Borough of Chorley in Lancashire , England .
KCDX ( 103.1 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting from Globe , Arizona to the east of Phoenix since March 2002 with a commercial - free rock music format .
Vestbygd Church ( Norwegian : Vestbygd kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Lødingen in Nordland county , Norway .
Palace of the Fans was a Major League baseball park located in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Sharikabad - e Olya ( Persian : شريك ابادعليا‎ , also Romanized as Sharīkābād - e `` Olyā ; also known as Sharīkābād ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District , in the Central District of Kahnuj County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 15 , in 5 families .
Qurchi Kandi ( Persian : قورچي كندي‎ , also Romanized as Qūrchī Kandī ) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gawarzec Górny ( ɡaˈvaʐɛt͡s ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Searights Tollhouse , National Road is a site near Uniontown , Pennsylvania on the National Road .
Silverwood Theme Park is an amusement park located in northern Idaho , United States , near the town of Coeur d'Alene , approximately 47 miles from Spokane , Washington on U.S. Route 95 .
Khunag ( Persian : خونگ‎ , also Romanized as Khūnag ; also known as Khonak , Khonk , and Khoonak ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kadzewo ( kaˈd͡zɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem , within Śrem County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Huish Champflower is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , three miles north - west of Wiveliscombe and ten miles north of Wellington .
The Centenary Building is a building at the University of Salford in Greater Manchester , England .
Cloud Peak is the highest peak within the Big Horn Mountains in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Iffley Road rugby football ground is a playing - field in Oxford , England .
Sikory - Janowięta ( ɕiˈkɔrɨ janɔˈvjɛnta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin - Borzymy , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Monsey Church is the colloquial name of a historic Reformed Christian church in the hamlet of Monsey , town of Ramapo , in southern Rockland County , New York , the official name of which , since December 6 , 2000 , is New Hope Christian Church .
Bayvil ( Welsh : Y Beifil ) is a hamlet and parish in Pembrokeshire , Wales .
Interstate 510 ( abbreviated I-510 ) is a short spur route of Interstate 10 within eastern New Orleans , Louisiana , United States .
Quincy Medical Center was a 124-year - old teaching hospital located in Quincy , Massachusetts .
Ghilamara is situated very east of Lakhimpur district in Assam .
The Marysville Bridge was a railroad crossing of the Susquehanna River between Marysville , Pennsylvania and Dauphin , Pennsylvania .
Windward School is an independent school in the Mar Vista neighborhood of Los Angeles , California , accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges .
Yard Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park located 15 kilometres east of Sicamous along the Trans - Canada Highway in British Columbia , Canada .
Międzyrzecze Górne ( mjɛnd͡zɨˈʐɛt͡ʂɛ ˈɡurnɛ ) ( German : Ober Kurzwald ) is a village in Gmina Jasienica , Bielsko County , Silesian Voivodeship , southern Poland .
Olean High School is a high school located in Olean , New York , about 65 miles south of Buffalo , New York .
Finuge ( Irish : Fionnóg ) is a village near Listowel in County Kerry , Ireland .
Hoseynabad - e Makhtari ( Persian : حسين ابادمختاري‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Makhtārī ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dort Mall ( formerly Small Mall and Mid - America Plaza ) is a shopping mall located in Flint , Michigan .
Lukireh ( Persian : لوكيره‎ , also Romanized as Lūkīreh ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Gongshan Derung and Nu Autonomous County ( 贡山独龙族怒族自治县 ; pinyin : Gòngshān dúlóngzú nùzú Zìzhìxiàn ) is located in Nujiang Lisu Autonomous Prefecture , Yunnan province , China .
Thirteenth Beach is located west of Barwon Heads , Victoria , Australia and the name is taken from the close proximity of the beach to the thirteenth hole of the Barwon Heads Golf Course .
Sgonico ( Slovene : Zgonik ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Trieste in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) northwest of Trieste , on the border with Slovenia .
Szczeglino ( ʂt͡ʂɛˈɡlinɔ ) ( formerly German Steglin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sianów , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Besednice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbɛsɛɟɲɪtsɛ ) ) is a market town ( městys ) in Český Krumlov District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Boulder Towers is a large commercial building complex in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
M'banza - Kongo ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐ̃ˈbɐ̃zɐ ) , ( ĩˈbɐ̃zɐ ) , ( mɨˈβɐ̃zɐ ) or ( miˈβɐ̃zɐ ˈkõɡu ) , known as São Salvador in Portuguese from 1570 to 1975 ) , is the capital of Angola 's northwestern Zaire Province .
H. Sophie Newcomb Memorial College , or Newcomb College , was the coordinate women 's college of Tulane University located in New Orleans , in the U.S. state of Louisiana .
Leudal ( Limburgish : Leudaal ) is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg .
Wigancice ( viɡanˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice , within Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The VL class are a class of Australian diesel locomotives built by Avteq , Melbourne for Chicago Freight Car Leasing Australia between February 2007 and March 2009 .
The Peckett OQ Class is a class of 0 - 6 - 0ST steam locomotives built in Bristol , England , by Peckett and Sons .
The Remington Model 34 is a bolt - action rifle that was manufactured by Remington Arms from 1932 until 1935 .
The Kia Mohave , marketed in North America as the Kia Borrego , is a sport - utility vehicle ( SUV ) manufactured by the South Korean - based Kia Motors .
USS Pinta was an iron - hulled screw tug of the United States Navy , launched on October 29 , 1864 , by Reaney , Son & Archbold , Chester , Pennsylvania , completed in October 1865 , and commissioned there , Lt . Comdr .
The Chiappa Rhino is a revolver produced by Chiappa Firearms of Italy , The frame and all internal parts are manufactured in Italy .
The PP-2000 ( Russian : ПП-2000 ) is a submachine gun made by the KBP Instrument Design Bureau .
The Yamaha DragStar 250 ( also known as the V Star 250 and the XVS250 ) is a motorcycle produced by Yamaha Motor Company .
Introduced in 1990 , the Colt Anaconda is a large frame double - action revolver featuring a full length under - barrel ejection - rod lug and six round cylinder , designed and produced by the Colt 's Manufacturing Company .
The Acura CSX ( Compact Sportscar eXperimental ) , or Honda Civic for the Japanese domestic market ( JDM ) , was an Acura entry - level luxury car exclusively designed for the Canadian market .
The Mitsubishi Tredia was a compact sedan built by Mitsubishi Motors from 1982 to 1990 .
GE U36B was a diesel - electric locomotive produced by General Electric beginning in 1969 .
The ALCO Century 415 was a diesel - electric locomotive of B - B wheel arrangement produced by the American Locomotive Company ( ALCO ) as part of their Century Series of locomotives .
Chromecast is a line of digital media players developed by Google .
The Mitsubishi PX33 is a prototype passenger car built by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries , the company which would eventually sire Mitsubishi Motors .
HTC Smart is a budget smartphone produced by HTC Corporation .
The Mitsubishi Dion was a compact MPV produced by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors .
All were actually built by the London , Midland and Scottish Railway in 1924 after the grouping , albeit at the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway 's Horwich Works .
The Remington Model 799 is a bolt action repeating hunting rifle made by Serbian Zastava and branded under Remington Arms .
The Mitsubishi Maven is an MPV sold by Mitsubishi Motors in Indonesia since September 15 , 2005 .
The GTRE GTX-35VS Kaveri ( ) is an afterburning turbofan project developed by the Gas Turbine Research Establishment ( GTRE ) , a lab under the DRDO in Bangalore , India .
The PA-8000 ( PCX - U ) , code - named Onyx , is a microprocessor developed and fabricated by Hewlett - Packard ( HP ) that implemented the PA - RISC 2.0 instruction set architecture ( ISA ) .
The Winchester Model 1903 was the first commercially available semi - automatic firearm made by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company .
MV Baltic Ace was a Bahamian - flagged car carrier that sank in the North Sea on 5 December 2012 after a collision with the Cyprus - registered container ship Corvus J. Built by Stocznia Gdynia in Poland , the ship had been in service since 2007 .
The Jaguar F - Pace ( codename X761 ) is a compact luxury crossover SUV made by the British car manufacturer Jaguar Cars , the first model to be built by Jaguar in the crossover SUV class .
The Acura Legend is a luxury car manufactured by Honda .
The BFW M.35 , sometimes known as the Messerschmitt M 35 , was a German sports plane of the early 1930s .
The BUL Cherokee is a polymer framed semi - automatic pistol made by Israeli firearms manufacturer BUL Transmark and is based on the Czech - designed CZ 75 .
Jaime Fernández Saracho ( born 28 February 1957 ) is a Mexican teacher and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
William Garfit ( 9 November 1840 -- 29 October 1920 ) was an English banker and Conservative Party politician from the town of Boston in Lincolnshire .
Wayne David ( born 1 July 1957 ) is a British Labour Party politician , who has been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Caerphilly since 2001 .
Reza Rezaee ( Persian : رضا رضایی‎ ; born December 24 , 1960 ) is a Norwegian - Iranian politician representing the left - wing political party Red .
Ramapati Ram Tripathi is a former president of Bharatiya Janata Party Uttar Pradesh state unit in India .
Jean Inman is an American political figure who served as Chairman of the Massachusetts Republican Party from 1997 to 1998 and again in 2002 .
Arturo Parisi ( born 13 September 1940 ) is an Italian politician , leader of the Ulivist faction of the Democratic Party and four - time member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies .
James Joseph Hines ( December 18 , 1876 -- March 26 , 1957 ) was a Democratic Party politician and one of the most powerful leaders of Tammany Hall in New York City .
Although not as politically involved as her husband , Maria Barroso was a founding member of the Socialist Party in Bad Münstereifel , Germany in 1973 .
Dato ' Seri Mohd Radzi Sheikh Ahmad ( born 24 February 1942 ) is a former Malaysian politician from the United Malays National Organisation ( UMNO ) .
John J. Burzichelli ( born November 14 , 1954 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2002 , where he represents the 3rd Legislative District .
Nils Schmid ( born July 11 , 1973 , Trier ) is the leader of the Social Democratic Party of Germany in Baden - Württemberg .
Marita Aronson ( born 10 May 1939 in Guddarp , Småland ) is a Swedish Liberal People 's Party politician .
Lancelot Rolleston ( 20 July 1785 -- 18 May 1862 ) was a British Conservative Party politician .
David Lepper ( born 15 September 1945 ) is a British Labour Co - operative politician who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Brighton Pavilion from 1997 to 2010 .
Raymonde Folco is a Canadian politician , member of the Liberal Party of Canada .
Julius Bomholt ( 11 June 1896 -- 2 January 1969 ) was a Danish politician representing the Social Democrats .
Julia Schramm ( born 30 September 1985 , in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German politician and a member of the Pirate Party Germany .
Tao Zhu ( simplified Chinese : 陶铸 ; traditional Chinese : 陶鑄 ; pinyin : Táo Zhù ; 16 January 1908 - 30 November 1969 ) was a member of the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China .
Gwilym Elfed Davies , Baron Davies of Penrhys ( 9 October 1913 -- 28 April 1992 ) was a Welsh Labour Party politician .
G. M. Premachandra ( 24 August 1940 -- 24 October 1994 ) was the Cabinet Minister of Labour and Vocational Training of United National Party government from 1990 - 94 .
David Beasley , a native of Darlington , South Carolina , began his political career as a member of the Democratic Party , but switched to the Republican Party in September 1991 , three years before his election as governor .
Alex Maskey ( born 8 January 1952 ) is an Irish politician who was the first member of Sinn Féin to serve as Belfast 's Lord Mayor .
Melvin Cottrell ( March 31 , 1929 -- October 9 , 2002 ) was an American Republican Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1992 until his death .
Onesimus Edwards ( 5 April 1897 -- 3 May 1968 ) , generally known as Ness Edwards , was a Welsh Labour Party politician .
Eyvind Getz ( 1888 - -1956 ) was a Norwegian barrister and politician for the Conservative Party .
Sérgio Marques ( born February 25 , 1957 in Funchal , Madeira ) is a Portuguese politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Social Democratic Party--
Joe Trasolini ( born 1947 or 1948 ) is a Canadian politician , who represented the electoral district of Port Moody - Coquitlam in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2012 to 2013 as a member of the British Columbia New Democratic Party .
Jorge Emilio González Martínez ( born 16 April 1972 in Mexico City ) , popularly known as El Niño Verde ( the Green Boy ) , is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Ecologist Green Party of Mexico ( PVEM ) .
Mordechai Surkis ( Hebrew : מרדכי סורקיס‎ , born 21 January 1908 , died 26 May 1995 ) was an Israeli politician who was the first mayor of Kfar Saba , as well as serving as a member of the Knesset for Rafi and its successors between 1965 and 1974 .
Chong Eng ( Chinese : 章瑛 ; pinyin : Zhāng Yīng ; born on 6 July 1957 ) , is a Malaysian politician for Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) .
Gregory P. McGuckin ( born July 2 , 1961 ) is an American Republican Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly , representing the 10th Legislative District since January 10 , 2012 .
Svend Foyn Bruun , Sr . ( 1 December 1883 -- 31 May 1956 ) was a Norwegian naval officer , ship - owner and whaler , and politician for the Conservative Party .
Ingolf Elster Christensen ( 28 March 1872 in Førde -- 3 May 1943 in Førde ) was a Norwegian jurist , military officer , county governor and politician for the Conservative Party .
Rihards Pīks ( born December 31 , 1941 in Riga ) is a Latvian politician and Member of the European Parliament for the People 's Party ; part of the European People 's Party .
Ali Kaes ( born 4 April 1955 , in Diekirch ) is a Luxembourgish politician for the Christian Social People 's Party .
Viking Mestad ( 12 January 1930 -- 15 December 2013 ) was a Norwegian banker and politician for the Liberal Party .
John D. Magnum was a Michigan politician and chairman of the Michigan Republican Party from 1916 to 1919 .
Frits Dragstra ( 6 October 1927 -- 5 June 2015 ) was a Dutch politician , he served as member of the House of Representatives for the Communist Party of the Netherlands between 1972 and 1977 and in the States of Limburg between 1966 and 1978 .
Jehu Patterson ( 1765 - -1851 ) was an American Democratic Party politician , who represented Monmouth County in the New Jersey Legislative Council , the precursor to the New Jersey State Senate .
Marc - Yvan Côté ( born March 27 , 1947 in Sainte - Anne - des - Monts , Quebec ) is a former Quebec politician and Cabinet Minister for the Quebec Liberal Party .
Simon Darby ( born 8 November 1964 ) is a British politician and former Deputy Chairman of the British National Party .
In the 1970s David Mudd was a member of Mebyon Kernow as well as the Conservative Party .
César Augusto Carrasco Gómez is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
Maragatham Chandrasekar joined the Indian National Congress and was elected to the Lok Sabha from Tiruvallur in the 1951 parliamentary elections .
Adam Stankievič was one of the founders of the Belarusian Christian Democratic Union and the Belarusian Christian Democracy .
Raymundo Cárdenas Hernández ( born February 3 , 1950 ) is a Mexican left - wing politician from Zacatecas affiliated to the Party of the Democratic Revolution ( PRD ) who currently serves in the lower house of the Mexican Congress .
Olaf Aarvold ( 3 February 1899 , Gjerpen - 3 August 1991 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party .
Dr. Tarun Mandal is an Indian politician , belonging to the Socialist Unity Centre of India ( Communist ) and was the MP representing Joynagar ( Lok Sabha constituency ) of West Bengal in the 15th Lok Sabha .
In April 2007 , his wife Eme Ufot Ekaette was elected Senator for Akwa Ibom South on the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) platform .
Smt Alka Balram Kshatriya , a politician from Indian National Congress party , is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Gujarat in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament .
Kadi Sesay ( born March 4 , 1949 ) is a Sierra Leonean politician , feminist , pro - democracy advocate and the Vice Presidential Candididate of the Sierra Leone People 's Party ( SLPP ) .
Shiv Narayan Tandon was an Indian National Congress politician .
Ze'ev Bielski ( Hebrew : זאב בילסקי‎ , born 13 March 1949 ) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Kadima between 2009 and 2013 .
Born in Ogden , Utah , Monica Lindeen served as Vice Chair of the Montana Democratic Party from 1997 to 2000 .
Buckner Stith Morris ( August 19 , 1800 -- December 16 , 1879 ) served as Mayor of Chicago , Illinois ( 1838 - -1839 ) for the Whig Party .
Sir Charles Leolin Forestier - Walker , 1st Baronet , KBE ( 6 May 1866 -- 13 May 1934 ) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Ahmet Kenan Tanrıkulu ( born 17 May 1958 ) is a Turkish politician and economist from the Nationalist Movement Party ( MHP ) , who has served as the Member of Parliament for İzmir 's second electoral district since 2007 , having previously served between 1999 and 2002 .
Vincent Hadleŭski was one of the founders of the Belarusian Christian Democracy political party , and was editor of the magazine Krynica .
Ada Maimon ( Hebrew : עדה מימון‎ , born Ada Fishman on 8 October 1893 , died 10 October 1973 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai between 1949 and 1955 .
Since late 2000s ( decade ) , Ernst Sabila is among the members of the revived Belarusian Christian Democracy .
Deirdre Griswold was a third - party candidate for President of the United States in the United States presidential election , 1980 , representing the communist Workers World Party .
Grzegorz Sztolcman ( born 23 May 1962 in Częstochowa ) is a Polish politician , physician , and Sejm member for the Civic Platform ( Platforma Obywatelska ) .
Aram Manukian ( classical Armenian : Արամ Մանուկեան , reformed : Արամ Մանուկյան ) , also referred to as simply Aram or Aram pasha ( 19 March 1879 -- 29 January 1919 ) , was an Armenian nationalist revolutionary , statesman and a leading member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation ( Dashnaktsutyun ) .
Marie - Christine Arnautu ( born 19 October 1952 in Paris ) is a French Member of the European Parliament for the National Front , and the party 's vice president for social affairs .
Uldis Augulis ( born 16 March 1972 , Dobele , Latvian SSR ) is a Latvian politician and a memebr of the Union of Greens and Farmers .
On March 12 , 2008 , František Mikloško , together with Vladimír Palko , Pavol Minárik , and Rudolf Bauer , established a new party called Conservative Democrats of Slovakia .
In the state parliament ( Landtag ) election 2005 , Jürgen Rüttgers was the opposition Christian Democratic Union 's front - runner for the second time .
Julien - Édouard - Alfred Dubuc ( 1 January 1871 -- 27 October 1947 ) was an Independent Liberal and Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons .
João Raimundo Colombo ( born February 28 , 1955 Lages , Santa Catarina ) is a Brazilian politician and member of the Social Democratic Party ( PSD ) .
Edward Shortt PC KC ( 10 March 1862 -- 10 November 1935 ) was a British lawyer and Liberal Party politician .
Gottfried Eichelbrönner ( 12 November 1901 -- 29 October 1986 ) was a German farmer and politician from the Christian Social Union of Bavaria .
Sébastien Jumel ( born December 20 , 1971 in Le Mans , Sarthe ) is a French politician and a member of the French Communist Party ( PCF ) .
Natasha Mazzone is a South African politician , a Member of the South African Parliament with the Democratic Alliance ( South Africa ) and the Shadow Minister of Public Enterprises .
Lord Charles Hay ( c. 1700 -- 1 May 1760 ) was a soldier of the British Army who saw service in the Anglo - Spanish War , the Wars of the Polish and Austrian Successions , and the Seven Years ' War .
Joseph Harold Moore ( 27 April 1914 -- 27 December 2006 ) was a United States Air Force lieutenant general , known for his role as commander of the USAF 2nd Air Division and Seventh Air Force during part the Vietnam War , and in particular , his leadership role in Operation Rolling Thunder .
Captain Augustus Leveson - Gower ( 21 June 1782 -- 3 August 1802 ) served in the Royal Navy during the French Revolutionary war .
Charles John Barnett ( 12 March 1790 -- 4 August 1856 ) was an officer in the British Army who also served as a diplomat .
Charles Cathcart , 8th Lord Cathcart ( 1686 -- 20 December 1740 ) was a British Army officer .
Antonio Williams ( 1825 - -1908 ) was a seaman first class serving in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
James Hogun ( died January 4 , 1781 ) was an Irish - American military officer who was as one of five generals from North Carolina to serve with the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War .
Samuel Chester Reid ( 24 August 1783 -- 28 January 1861 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who commanded a privateer during the War of 1812 .
The 23rd Waffen Mountain Division of the SS Kama ( 2nd Croatian ) was a German mountain infantry division of the Waffen - SS , the armed wing of the German Nazi Party that served alongside but was never formally part of the Wehrmacht during World War II . It was composed of German officers and Bosnian Muslim soldiers .
James Harper McDonald ( July 15 , 1900 -- December 29 , 1973 ) was a United States Navy diver and a recipient of America 's highest military decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions during the salvage of the sunken submarine USS Sailfish .
Major Allison Digby Tatham - Warter DSO ( 21 May 1917 - -21 March 1993 ) , also known as Digby Tatham - Warter or just Digby , was a British Army officer who fought in the Second World War .
Richard Mattern Montgomery ( December 15 , 1911 -- August 27 , 1987 ) , was a lieutenant general in the United States Air Force , and chief - of - staff of the U. S. Strategic Air Command from 1952 to 1956 .
Henryk Szczęsny ( 27 March 1909 -- 25 July 1996 ) was a Polish fighter ace of the Polish Air Force in World War II with 9 confirmed kills and one shared .
General George Milner ( 1760 - 1836 ) was a general officer of the British Army during the late eighteenth century .
RDML Gretchen S. Herbert is a United States Navy officer who commands the Navy Cyber Forces .
VFA-22 , Strike Fighter Squadron 22 , also known as the `` Fighting Redcocks '' , are a United States Navy F / A-18F Super Hornet fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Lemoore .
Günther Korten ( 26 July 1898 -- 22 July 1944 ) was a German Colonel General and Chief of the General Staff of the Luftwaffe in World War II . He died from injuries suffered in the assassination attempt on Adolf Hitler in July 1944 .
Samuel K. Vaughan was a lieutenant colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War who was nominated and confirmed for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general in 1866 .
General Sir John Garvock GCB ( died 10 November 1878 ) was a British Army General who achieved high office in the 1860s .
Ronald Nels Running ( born 1941 ) is a retired United States Air Force Major General who has more than 3,800 flying hours in F-105D , F-5 A / E , F-4 D / E and F-16A aircraft .
Andrew Belton ( 17 April 1882 in Cleator Moor , Cumberland , England , UK -- 1970 in South Africa ) was a British Army officer and veteran of campaigns in South Africa and Morocco .
Lew Allen , Jr. ( September 30 , 1925 -- January 4 , 2010 ) was a United States Air Force four - star General who served as the tenth Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force .
Rear Admiral Gilbert Jonathan Rowcliff ( July 22 , 1881 -- July 15 , 1963 ) was an officer of the United States Navy during the First World War and the Second World War .
Colonel Robin Evelegh ( 23 November 1932 -- 15 May 2010 ) was a British Army officer who was the author of Peace - Keeping in a Democratic Society - The Lessons of Northern Ireland ( 1978 ) which was based on his experiences as an infantry battalion commander in Belfast and which influenced later peacekeeping operations .
General Sir Ashton Gerard Oswald Mosley Mayne , GCB CBE DSO ( 1889 - -1955 ) was a British Indian Army officer in both World War I and World War II .
Air Commodore Sir John Adrian Chamier CB CMG DSO OBE ( 26 December 1883 -- 3 May 1974 ) was a British officer of the Royal Air Force .
Major - General Alexander Bruce Tulloch CB ( 2 September 1838 -- 26 May 1920 ) was a British Army officer , who was military commandant for the then colony of Victoria ( Australia ) .
Caesar von Hofacker ( sometimes Cäsar ) ( 2 March 1896 -- 20 December 1944 ) was a German Luftwaffe Lieutenant Colonel and member of the 20 July plot against Adolf Hitler .
Thomas Eyles ( c. 1769 -- 29 September 1835 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Major - General ( William ) Desmond Mangham CB ( 29 August 1924 -- 23 November 2014 ) was a British Army officer who commanded 2nd Division .
Harry C. Beasley ( November 1 , 1888 -- July 2 , 1931 ) was a United States Navy seaman who received the Medal of Honor for actions during the United States occupation of Veracruz , 1914 .
Brigadier Robert Hugh Bellamy CBE , DSO & Bar ( 8 December 1910 -- 27 November 1972 ) was a senior British Army officer who commanded the 6th Airlanding Brigade during the Rhine Crossing on 24 March 1945 and in the advance across Germany during the Second World War .
The 18th Mounted Brigade previously known as the 2/1st Yorkshire Mounted Brigade was a 2nd Line yeomanry brigade of the British Army during the First World War .
Montfort Browne ( fl . 1760 - -1780 ) was a British Army officer and Tory , and a major landowner and developer of British West Florida in the 1760s and 1770s .
Honorary Brigadier - General Henry Alexander Walker , CB , CMG , DSO , H.P ( 20 October 1874 - 1 May 1953 ) was a British Army officer who served with the Royal Fusiliers regiment , and later with the King 's African Rifles in the First World War .
Paula Coughlin , now also known as Paula Puopolo , was a Lieutenant in the United States Navy .
Captain John Mayrant ( December 1762 -- August 1836 ) was an officer in the Continental Navy and later the United States Navy , who served aboard the Bon Homme Richard in its 1779 battle with the Serapis .
Admiral Marion Case Cheek , USN(R ) ( October 18 , 1888 -- June 20 , 1969 ) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy Reserve .
General Sir Ian Standish Monteith Hamilton GCB , GCMG , DSO , TD ( 16 January 1853 -- 12 October 1947 ) was a senior officer in the British Army , who is most notable for commanding the Mediterranean Expeditionary Force during the Gallipoli Campaign .
Stephen Clegg Rowan ( 25 December 1808 - -31 March 1890 ) was a Vice Admiral in the United States Navy , who served during the Mexican--
William Abram Mann ( July 31 , 1854 -- October 8 , 1934 ) was a general officer in the United States Army .
Thomas Hoban ( born September 11 , 1872 ) was a coxswain serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--
John Millmore ( 26 March 1859 - - ? ) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor .
Lt . Edward Micka , born at Cayuga , North Dakota , 10 October 1915 , enlisted in the United States Navy 19 June 1934 .
Charles I. Halt ( Born 1939 ) is a retired United States Air Force colonel and the former base commander of RAF Bentwaters , near Woodbridge , Suffolk .
The Post Office Rifles was a unit of the British Army , first formed in 1868 from volunteers as part of the Volunteer Force , which later became the Territorial Force ( and later the Territorial Army ) .
Air Commandant Dame Felicity Peake DBE ( 1 May 1913 , Cheadle Hulme , Stockport , England -- 2 November 2002 ) was the founding director of the UK 's Women 's Royal Air Force ( WRAF ) .
Alfred Brian Palmer MBE , DSC ( 27 March 1899 Redfern , New South Wales -- 4 July 1993 Clearwater , Florida ) was a Royal Navy Reserve captain and near the end of his career was the commander of the shore base HMS Furneaux in Brisbane .
Marvin Glenn Shields ( December 30 , 1939 -- June 10 , 1965 ) was the first and only United States Navy Seabee to be awarded the Medal of Honor .
Lieutenant - General Patrick Sinclair ( 1736 -- 31 January 1820 ) was a British Army officer and governor in North America .
Joe Ekins ( 15 July 1923 -- 1 February 2012 ) was a World War II British Army veteran .
Captain David McCampbell ( January 16 , 1910 -- June 30 , 1996 ) was a United States Navy captain , fighter pilot , and a Medal of Honor recipient .
Louise of Great Britain ( originally Louisa ; 18 December 1724 -- 19 December 1751 ) was Queen of Denmark and Norway from 1746 until her death , as the first wife of King Frederick V. She was the youngest surviving daughter of George II of Great Britain and Caroline of Ansbach .
Tāwhiao 's father , Te Wherowhero , was the leader of the Waikato people , and his mother , Whakaawi , was Te Wherowhero 's senior wife .
Švitrigaila was born to Algirdas , Grand Duke of Lithuania , and his second wife Uliana of Tver .
Erendis , too , was self - willed , reluctant ever to compromise , as her own mother Núneth observed ; even in childhood for Erendis it was ' all or nothing ' .
Lena Tabori is the daughter of actress Viveca Lindfors , the founder of Welcome Enterprises , Inc. , and a co - founder of Stewart , Tabori & Chang ( STC ) .
Thérèse Vanier was born on February 27 , 1923 in Camberley , Surrey to Pauline Vanier ( née Archer ) , an appointed member of the Queen 's Privy Council for Canada and Georges Vanier , a decorated soldier and former Governor General of Canada .
Thutmose IV was born to Amenhotep II and Tiaa but was not actually the crown prince and Amenhotep II 's chosen successor to the throne .
Richard of Normandy ( c. 1054 to between 1069 and 1075 ) was the second son of William the Conqueror , King of England , and Matilda of Flanders .
Jane Rolfe was born in Varina , Henrico County , Virginia on October 10 , 1650 to Thomas Rolfe and his wife , Jane Poythress , whose parents were Francis Poythress and Alice Payton of England .
Nebetah was one of the daughters of Ancient Egyptian pharaoh Amenhotep III of the 18th dynasty and his Great Royal Wife Tiye .
Elisabeth Luther ( 10 December ( O.S. 1 December ) 1527 -- 3 August ( O.S. 25 July ) 1528 ) was the first daughter and second child born to German priest and iconic figure of the Protestant Reformation , Martin Luther and his wife Katharina von Bora .
Prince Louis Charles of Prussia ( German : Friedrich Ludwig Karl von Preußen ) ( Potsdam , 5 November 1773 -- Berlin , 28 December 1796 ) was the second son and third child of Frederick William II of Prussia and Frederika Louisa of Hesse - Darmstadt .
Princess Irina Alexandrovna of Russia ( Russian : Княжна Ирина Александровна Романова ; 15 July ( OS : 3 July ) , 1895 , Peterhof , Russia -- 26 February 1970 , Paris , France ) was the only daughter of Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia and Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia .
In Greek mythology , Atreus ( /ˈeɪtriəs/ ; Greek : Ἀτρεύς ) was a king of Mycenae in the Peloponnese , the son of Pelops and Hippodamia , and the father of Agamemnon and Menelaus .
Abdullah Khadr was born in 1981 in Ottawa , Canada as the second child and first son to Ahmed Khadr and his wife Maha el - Samnah , while his father was still in graduate school in computer science .
Matthew , Count of Boulogne , also known as Matthew of Alsace ( c. 1137 - -1173 ) was the second son of Thierry , Count of Flanders and Sibylla of Anjou .
Judith of Habsburg ( 13 March 1271 -- 21 May 1297 ) was the youngest daughter of Rudolph I of Germany and his wife Gertrude of Hohenburg .
Princess Maria Maximilianovna of Leuchtenberg , also known as Princess Maria Romanovskya , Maria , Princess Romanovskaja , or Marie Maximiliane ( 16 October 1841 - 16 February 1914 ) was the eldest daughter of Maximilian de Beauharnais , 3rd Duke of Leuchtenberg and his wife Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia .
Rohese of Monmouth ( Rohese de Monemue in Anglo - Norman ; born about 1135/1140 ; died in or near 1180 ) was the daughter of Baderon fitzWilliam , lord of Monmouth , and of his wife Rohese de Clare .
Herman I , Count of Henneberg ( 1224 -- 18 December 1290 ) was the son of Count Poppo VII of Henneberg and his wife , Jutta of Thuringia ( born : 1184 ; died : 6 August 1235 in Schleusingen ) , the eldest daughter of Landgrave Herman I of Thuringia .
John VII Palaiologos was the son of Emperor Andronikos IV Palaiologos and Keratsa of Bulgaria , a daughter of Emperor Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria and Theodora of Wallachia .
Duchess Anna of Prussia and Jülich - Cleves - Berg ( 3 July 1576 -- 30 August 1625 ) was the daughter of Albert Frederick , Duke of Prussia , and Marie Eleonore of Cleves .
Prince Aloys of Liechtenstein ( Aloys Gonzaga Maria Adolf ; 17 June 1869 in Hollenegg -- 16 March 1955 in Vaduz ) was the son of Prince Alfred of Liechtenstein ( 1842 - -1907 ) and Princess Henriette of Liechtenstein ( 1843 - -1931 ) , daughter of Alois II of Liechtenstein .
Doña Leonor Cortés Moctezuma ( born c. 1528 ) was the out of wedlock daughter of Hernán Cortés , conquistador of Mexico , and Doña Isabel Moctezuma the eldest daughter of the Aztec Emperor Moctezuma II . She was acknowledged by her father and married Juan de Tolosa , one of the discoverers of the silver mines in Zacatecas .
Gen. Duke 's dam was Wistful , a daughter of Sun Again by Sun Teddy .
In mathematics ( specifically in measure theory ) , a Radon measure , named after Johann Radon , is a measure on the σ-algebra of Borel sets of a Hausdorff topological space X that is locally finite and inner regular .
Borel sets are named after Émile Borel .
La Plata was renamed Eva Perón City ( Ciudad Eva Perón ) between 1952 and 1955 .
Emmer - Erfscheidenveen is a hamlet in the Netherlands and it is part of the Emmen municipality in Drenthe .
Köpmantorget ( Swedish : `` Merchant 's Square '' ) is a small public square in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden , located between the street Köpmangatan and to slopes collectively named Köpmanbrinken , both of which lead down to the street Österlånggatan .
In physics and fluid mechanics , a Blasius boundary layer ( named after Paul Richard Heinrich Blasius ) describes the steady two - dimensional laminar boundary layer that forms on a semi - infinite plate which is held parallel to a constant unidirectional flow .
The Kilimanjaro Region borrowed its name from the tallest mountain in Africa , Mount Kilimanjaro .
OCR - A is a font that arose in the early days of computer optical character recognition when there was a need for a font that could be recognized not only by the computers of that day , but also by humans .
The Kirov Islands or Sergey Kirov Islands ( Russian : Oстрова Кирова , Ostrova Kirova or Aрхипелаг Сергея Кирова , Archipelag Sergeya Kirova ) , also known as Kerova Islands , is an archipelago of small islands covered with tundra vegetation .
Pyrénées - Orientales ( French pronunciation : ​(pi.ʁe.ne.ɔ.ʁjɑ̃.tal ) ; Catalan : Pirineus Orientals ; Occitan : Pirenèus Orientals ; `` Eastern Pyrenees '' ) is a department of southern France adjacent to the northern Spanish frontier and the Mediterranean Sea .
143 Adria is a fairly large main - belt asteroid that was discovered by Austrian astronomer J. Palisa on February 23 , 1875 , at Pula , and named after the Adriatic Sea , on the coast of which the discovery was made .
The Martin Luther University of Halle - Wittenberg ( German : Martin - Luther - Universität Halle - Wittenberg ) , also referred to as MLU , is a public , research - oriented university in the cities of Halle and Wittenberg within Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The Jastrow illusion is an optical illusion discovered by the American psychologist Joseph Jastrow in 1889 .
The Toarcian takes its name from the city of Thouars , just south of Saumur in the Loire Valley of France .
McCormick Foundation is a Chicago - based nonprofit charitable trust established in 1955 , following the death of `` Colonel '' Robert R. McCormick of the McCormick family .
The Lewinsky scandal was an American political sex scandal emerging in 1998 , from a sexual relationship between 49-year - old President Bill Clinton and a 22-year - old White House employee , Monica Lewinsky .
Blum Blum Shub ( B.B.S. ) is a pseudorandom number generator proposed in 1986 by Lenore Blum , Manuel Blum and Michael Shub that is derived from Michael O. Rabin 's oblivious transfer mapping .
Space launch vehicle Volna ( `` wave '' in Russian ) , is a converted Submarine - launched ballistic missile used for launching satellites into orbit .
162 Laurentia is a large and dark main - belt asteroid that was discovered by the French brothers Paul Henry and Prosper Henry on April 21 , 1876 , and named after A. Laurent , an amateur astronomer who discovered asteroid 51 Nemausa .
Kopp 's law can refer to either of two relationships discovered by the German chemist Hermann Franz Moritz Kopp ( 1817 - -1892 ) .
Edenite is named for the locality of Edenville , Orange County , New York , where it was first described .
In mathematics , Giambelli 's formula , named after Giovanni Giambelli , expresses Schubert classes in terms of special Schubert classes , or Schur functions in terms of complete symmetric functions .
And the name Santa María Rupes are named after the Santa Maria , the ship of Christopher Columbus because all rupes are named after the ships of famous explorers on Mercury .
Tetrahedrite gets its name from the distinctive tetrahedron shaped cubic crystals .
In mathematics , Weber 's theorem , named after Heinrich Martin Weber , is a result on algebraic curves .
The Dalton Minimum was a period of low sunspot count , representing low solar activity , named after the English meteorologist John Dalton , lasting from about 1790 to 1830 or 1796 to 1820 , corresponding to the period solar cycle 4 to solar cycle 7 .
Suburban Girl is a 2007 comedy film starring Sarah Michelle Gellar , Alec Baldwin and Maggie Grace , which was filmed in New York City .
The Bedford Diaries explores the excitement and intensity of New York City college life through the eyes of six students with different backgrounds , experiences and ages , who are brought together in a provocative sexuality seminar .
Le calife de Bagdad ( The Caliph of Baghdad ) is an opéra comique in one act by the French composer François - Adrien Boieldieu with a libretto by Claude de Saint - Just ( Godard d'Aucourt ) .
I Am Mary Dunne ( 1968 ) is a novel by Northern Irish - Canadian writer Brian Moore about one day in the life of a beautiful and well - to - do 31-year - old Canadian woman living in New York City with her third husband , a successful playwright .
Walk Into Paradise ( also known as Walk Into Hell ) is a 1956 French - Australian international co - production adventure film directed by Lee Robinson and Marcello Pagliero shot on location in the highlands of Papua New Guinea .
Mother of George is a 2013 Nigerian drama film directed by Andrew Dosunmu and tells the story of a newly married Nigerian couple in Brooklyn who own and manage a small restaurant while struggling with fertility issues .
McTeague is a dentist of limited intellect from a poor miner 's family , who has opened a dentist shop on Polk Street in San Francisco .
Urban Ghost Story is a 1998 British horror film set in a high - rise housing estate in Glasgow .
The White Family is a novel by English author Maggie Gee , published in 2002 in London by Saqi Books .
Crisis in the Kremlin is a 1991 strategy video game with managerial aspects in which the player acts as General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1985 to 2017 .
Detropia is a 2012 documentary film , directed by Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady , about the city of Detroit , Michigan .
Lost in the Barrens is an adventure story that takes place in northern Manitoba and southwestern North West Territories in 1935 .
God of Gamblers II ( Chinese : 賭俠 ; Cantonese Yale : Dou Hap ; literally : `` Knight of Gambling '' ) is a 1990 Hong Kong action comedy film written and directed by Wong Jing .
The Liver Birds is a British sitcom , set in Liverpool , North West England , which aired on BBC1 from April 1969 to January 1979 , and again in 1996 .
The Colour of Magic ( also known as The Color of Magic ) is a 1983 comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett , and is the first book of the Discworld series .
The L.A. Quartet is a sequence of four crime fiction novels by James Ellroy set in the late 1940s through the late 1950s in Los Angeles .
The Sweeney is a 1970s British television police drama focusing on two members of the Flying Squad , a branch of the Metropolitan Police specialising in tackling armed robbery and violent crime in London .
Kokowääh is set in Berlin and Potsdam , Brandenburg , Germany .
Wizard of the Pigeons is a 1985 urban fantasy novel set in Seattle , Washington by Megan Lindholm , issued as a paperback original by Ace Books and reprinted in hardcover by Hypatia Press in 1994 .
Set in California , Spencer 's Pilots was created and produced by Larry Rosen .
The Blood of Others ( French : Le Sang des autres ) is a novel by the French existentialist Simone de Beauvoir first published in 1945 and depicting the lives of several characters in Paris leading up to and during the Second World War .
Only When I Dance tells the story of two teenagers , Irlan and Isabela , who pursue their dreams of becoming professional ballet dancers as a way to escape the violent slums of Rio de Janeiro .
Memoirs of an Invisible Man is a 1992 film directed by John Carpenter and released by Warner Bros. , with many scenes taking place in and around San Francisco .
The New Adventures of Heidi is a 1978 made for television musical using the Heidi character ; updating the character to the present time and shifting the action for Switzerland to New York City .
Saturday Night Fever is a 1977 American dance film directed by John Badham and starring John Travolta as Tony Manero , a young man whose weekends are spent visiting a local Brooklyn discotheque ;
There , they take part in a reenactment of the events of `` The Final Problem '' organised by The Sherlock Holmes Society of London .
Whispers Under Ground is the third novel in the Rivers of London series by English author Ben Aaronovitch , published 2012 by Gollancz .
Lewis Black 's Root of All Evil is an American television series that premiered on March 12 , 2008 , on Comedy Central and was hosted by comedian Lewis Black .
Kavanagh QC is a British television series made by Central Television for ITV between 1995 and 2001 .
Curb Your Enthusiasm is an American comedy television series produced and broadcast by HBO , which premiered on October 15 , 2000 .
Alma Gêmea ( English : Soul Mate ) is a Brazilian telenovela that produced and broadcast by Rede Globo in 2005 and 2006 .
Brew Masters is a television series that was run weekly on Discovery Channel starting on Sunday , November 21 , 2010 .
The Thirteenth Year is a 1999 fantasy comedy - drama Disney Channel Original Movie .
Tidewater Tramp was a Canadian children 's adventure television series which aired on CBC Television from 1959 to 1961 .
Shorr is an Indian television drama series that airs on Sahara One , based on the story of a mute ( speech - impaired ) girl named Kanku .
Sunrise Weather was an early morning weekend program that aired on The Weather Channel from September 2008 to November 2013 .
Video on Trial is a Canadian comedy television program that airs on Canadian television network MuchMusic .
Design on a Dime is a decorating television series on HGTV .
`` The Sound of Jazz '' is a 1957 edition of the CBS television series Seven Lively Arts , and was one of the first major programs featuring jazz to air on American network television .
Web Junk 20 is an American television program in which VH1 and iFilm collaborate to highlight the twenty funniest and most interesting clips collected from the Internet that week .
The Red Buttons Show premiered on the CBS television network in 1952 , and ran for two years on that network , then moved to NBC for the final 1954 - 55 season .
16 and Pregnant is an American reality television series that debuted June 11 , 2009 , on MTV .
Caught on Camera with Nick Cannon is an American documentary reality television show on NBC .
Yancy Derringer is an American Western series that ran on CBS from 1958 to 1959 , with Jock Mahoney ( 1919 - -1989 ) in the title role .
Mobil 1 The Grid is a motorsport magazine show , which airs on Channel 4 in the UK on Saturday mornings ( the first six episodes were shown on Friday nights ) and is repeated during the following week on Motors TV .
Joey Faye 's Frolics is an American comedy / variety show that aired on CBS Wednesday night from 9:30 to 10:00 pm Eastern time for two weeks from April 5 , 1950 to April 12 , 1950 .
The Organist Entertains is a long - running music programme broadcast on BBC Radio 2 presented by Nigel Ogden .
Secret Fortune is a BBC National Lottery game show that was broadcast on BBC One from 12 February 2011 to 29 December 2012 .
Kiki 's American Adventure is an adult reality series which aired on Playboy TV in 2010 .
The Channel Four Daily ( or Channel 4 Daily ) was a breakfast television news magazine which was produced by Independent Television News , in collaboration with other independent production companies for Channel 4 .
The Proud Family is an American animated television sitcom that ran on the Disney Channel , from September 21 , 2001 to August 19 , 2005 .
Crime Syndicated was an American anthology series that aired on CBS from September 18 , 1951 to June 23 , 1953 .
The George Burns Show is a short - lived comedy television program that aired on NBC for one season ( 1958 - -59 ) , and was essentially a continuation of The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show .
Our Fellow Americans is a Canadian documentary television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1976 .
Świat według Kiepskich ( The World According to the Kiepskis , `` kiepski '' being a term roughly translating to the English term poor or crappy ) is a popular Polish television sitcom , produced by Polsat since 1999 .
Space Academy is a live - action sci - fi children 's television program produced by Filmation that originally aired Saturday mornings on the CBS television network , from September 10 , 1977 , to December 17 , 1977 .
A Man Called Sloane is an American secret agent adventure television series that aired on NBC during the 1979 - 1980 television season .
Little Muppet Monsters is a Saturday morning television series featuring the Muppets that aired three episodes on CBS in 1985 .
We 're Experiencing Technical Difficulties ( also known as WETD ) is a show that was produced and broadcast by MuchMusic .
The Weight of the Nation is a four - part documentary series produced by American cable television network HBO .
CW Now is a news program / news magazine series which premiered on The CW on September 23 , 2007 .
Meet the Ukippers is a British documentary that first aired on BBC Two on 22 February 2015 .
Freshly Squeezed was a British breakfast television programme broadcast every weekday morning on Channel 4 from August 2006 to December 2012 .
Scarborough Country was an opinion / analysis show broadcast on MSNBC Monday - Thursday at 9 P.M. ET . It was hosted by former congressman Joe Scarborough .
Call for Help , also known as CFH , is a computer - themed television program that first aired exclusively on TechTV ( formerly ZDTV ) , a cable and satellite television network focused on technology , and then aired on G4techTV Canada and the HOW TO Channel in Australia .
The Jim Gaffigan Show is an American sitcom series on the TV Land network , written and executive produced by comedian Jim Gaffigan and his wife Jeannie Gaffigan .
Howards ' Way is a television drama series produced by BBC Birmingham and transmitted on BBC One between 1 September 1985 and 25 November 1990 .
Program Playhouse was an anthology television series aired on the DuMont Television Network on Wednesdays from June 22 to September 14 , 1949 .
The Hot Rod Dogs and Cool Car Cats was a cartoon series which aired between 1995 and 1996 on ITV kids strand CITV , and was recently shown on Scottish children 's programme wknd@stv .
Dark Oracle is a Canadian - produced TV series that premiered in 2004 on the popular Canadian channel YTV .
Afternoon Film Festival was a series of British theatrical feature - films aired by the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) television network from January 1956 to the summer of 1957 each weekday from 3:00 to 5:00 pm ( EST ) .
Caterina e le sue figlie ( Caterina and her daughters ) ( known internationally as My Daughters ) is an Italian television series that aired from December 4 , 2005 to March 3 , 2010 on Canale 5 .
The Biskitts is an American animated television series produced by Hanna - Barbera Productions from 1983 to 1984 and aired on CBS .
Cara o cruz , is an American telenovela created and produced by Telemundo and Argos Comunicación in 2001 .
As Brasileiras ( The Brazilian Women ) is a Brazilian television series co - produced by Rede Globo and Lereby Productions .
Roque Santeiro is a Brazilian primetime telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo .
Silver Spoons is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from September 25 , 1982 to May 11 , 1986 and in first - run syndication from September 15 , 1986 to March 4 , 1987 .
Święta wojna ( eng . Holy War ) is a popular Polish comedy series broadcast on TVP2 from January 23 , 2000 to May 9 , 2009 .
Saan Darating Ang Umaga ? or Morning Awaits ( International title ) is a Philippine suspense drama series aired on GMA Network .
Motor City Motors is a garage based competition reality television show on the Discovery Channel hosted by the Detroit Brothers .
Game Show in My Head is an American television game show airing on CBS produced by Ashton Kutcher and hosted by Joe Rogan .
Illinois Instant Riches ( later known as Illinois ' Luckiest ) is a lottery game show airing in the state of Illinois , as well as nationally on Chicago - based Superstation WGN - TV .
Gadget Man ( previously Stephen Fry : Gadget Man ) is a British television series , which began airing on 19 November 2012 on Channel 4 and is presented by Richard Ayoade , who took over from the previous host , Stephen Fry , from the second series .
The Music Show was an early American television program which was broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network .
Tarrant Lets the Kids Loose is a television programme shown in 2009 on the UKTV channel Watch .
Unwrapped , also known as Unwrapped with Marc Summers is an American television program on Food Network that reveals the origins of sponsored foods .
Ready Steady Cook was a BBC daytime TV cooking programme ; it debuted on 24 October 1994 and the last edition was broadcast on 2 February 2010 .
Amiche mie ( English : My Friends ) is a 2008 Italian television series , originally broadcast on Canale 5 .
The Polly Bergen Show was a half - hour 18-episode comedy / variety show , starring then 27-year - old Polly Bergen , which aired on NBC in the 1957 - -1958 television season .
Zonosemata is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae , comprising six species from North America and one from South America .
Typhonodorum is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Araceae .
The Cape zoanthid , Isozoanthus capensis , is a species of zoanthid in the family Parazoanthidae .
Darwinellidae is a family of sponges of the order Dendroceratida .
The Tasmanian devil ( Sarcophilus harrisii ) is a carnivorous marsupial of the family Dasyuridae , now found in the wild only on the Australian island state of Tasmania .
Allagelena is a genus of araneomorph spiders , in the family Agelenidae .
The Oriental beetle ( Anomala orientalis , not to be confused with the Japanese beetle ) is a beetle about 0.7 - 1.1 cm ( 0.3 - 0.4 inches ) long , with mottled , metallic brown- and black - colored elytra and a similarly - colored thorax and head during the adult stage .
Clonopsis is a stick insect genus in the family Bacillidae .
The Klaas 's cuckoo ( Chrysococcyx klaas ) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family .
Lear 's macaw ( Anodorhynchus leari ) , also known as the indigo macaw , is a large all - blue Brazilian parrot , a member of a large group of neotropical parrots known as macaws .
The Pugnose shiner ( Notropis anogenus ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Notropis .
Kronokotherium is an extinct herbivorous marine mammal of the genus Desmostylia of the family Desmostylidae .
The Namaquab barb ( Barbus hospes ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
The Waccamaw killifish ( Fundulus waccamensis ) is a species of fish in the Fundulidae family .
The Calamoideae are a subfamily of the family Arecaceae containing 21 genera and about 620 species which are distributed worldwide .
The Sevan trout ( Salmo ischchan ) is an endemic fish species of Lake Sevan in Armenia , known as ishkhan ( իշխան , pronounced ( iʃˈχɑn ) ) in Armenian .
The Dalmatian wall lizard ( Podarcis melisellensis ) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family .
Maurica is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family from North - Western Africa .
The Murrayonida are an order of sea sponges in the sublass Calcinea .
Milyeringa is a genus of blind cave - fish in the family Eleotridae from the Cape Range and Barrow Island , northwestern Australia .
Vasates is a genus of mites in the family Eriophyidae , which cause galls on the leaves of trees , including the following species :
The Heermann 's gull ( Larus heermanni ) is a gull resident in the United States , Mexico and extreme southwestern British Columbia , nearly all nesting on Isla Rasa in the Gulf of California .
Heteranthera is a genus of aquatic plants in the water hyacinth family , Pontederiaceae , known generally as mud plantains .
The African piculet ( Sasia africana ) , sometimes placed in the monotypic genus Verreauxia , is a species of bird in the Picidae family .
Pomatoschistus norvegicus , the Norway goby , is a species of goby native to the eastern Atlantic from Lofoten to the western English Channel and has also been recorded from the Mediterranean Sea .
Water treaders , the superfamily Mesovelioidea , are insects in the order Hemiptera , the true bugs .
The Yunnan red - backed vole ( Eothenomys miletus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Andinotrechus naranjoi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Andinotrechus .
Schwartz 's catfish ( Corydoras schwartzi ) is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub - family of the Callichthyidae family .
Orthophytum ( Greek `` ortho '' = straight and `` phytum '' = plant ) is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae , subfamily Bromelioideae .
The African goshawk ( Accipiter tachiro ) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family .
Betula minor , the dwarf white birch , is a species of birch which can be found in Eastern Canada and in such US states as Maine , New Hampshire , and New York .
Trombicula is a genus of harvest mites ( also known as red bugs , scrub - itch mites , berry bugs , or in their larval stage , as chiggers or chigoe ) in the Trombiculidae family .
The Low 's squirrel ( Sundasciurus lowii ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
The Socotra cormorant ( Phalacrocorax nigrogularis ) is a threatened species of cormorant that is endemic to the Persian Gulf and the south - east coast of the Arabian Peninsula .
Tritoniopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae , first described as a genus in 1926 .
Tulbaghieae is a tribe of plants belonging to the subfamily Allioideae of the Amaryllis family ( Amaryllidaceae ) .
Malabica tatai is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae , the only species in the genus Malabica .
Wilson 's indigobird or pale - winged indigobird ( Vidua wilsoni ) is a species of bird in the Viduidae family .
Oligosoma belongs to the Eugongylus group of genera in the subfamily Lygosominae ; the genus Bassiana appears to be fairly closely related .
Lily of the valley , sometimes written lily - of - the - valley , scientific name Convallaria majalis /ˌkɒnvəˈlɛəriə məˈdʒeɪlᵻs/ , is a sweetly scented , highly poisonous woodland flowering plant that is native throughout the cool temperate Northern Hemisphere in Asia , and Europe .
Paphies is a genus of large , edible , saltwater clams , marine bivalve molluscs in the family Mesodesmatidae .
Lemaireia is a genus of moths from the Saturniidae family , commonly known as Moon moths .
Winifred 's warbler ( Scepomycter winifredae ) , also known as Mrs. Moreau 's warbler , is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family .
The Iranian rock gecko ( Pristurus rupestris ) ( also rock semaphore gecko , Blanford 's semaphore gecko , dwarf rock gecko , and Persia rock gecko ) is a species of gecko in genus Pristurus which occurs in Arabia , Iran , Pakistan , Somalia , and Eritrea .
Chorizema is a genus of the legume family Fabaceae .
The European conger ( Conger conger ) is a species of conger of the family Congridae .
Curcuma is a genus of about 100 accepted species in the family Zingiberaceae that contains such species as turmeric and Siam Tulip .
Uropetala is a small genus of very large dragonflies in the family Petaluridae .
Cryptomma multistriatum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Cryptomma .
Gillaroo ( Salmo stomachicus ; historically included in Salmo trutta ) is a variety of trout which eats primarily snails and is only proven to inhabit Lough Melvin in Ireland .
The Congo moor chat or Congo moor - chat ( Myrmecocichla tholloni ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
Dissostichus mawsoni , the Antarctic toothfish , is a species of cod icefish native to the Southern Ocean .
The Araucanian herring , Clupea bentincki , is a fish species in the Clupea genus of the Clupeidae family .
Prionomyrmecini is an ant tribe belonging to the subfamily Myrmeciinae established by William Morton Wheeler in 1915 .
Hygrophorus is a genus of agarics ( gilled mushrooms ) in the family Hygrophoraceae .
The Satéré marmoset ( Mico saterei ) is a marmoset species endemic to Brazil .
While other members of the genus Seadornavirus have been linked to viral encephalitis , Kadipiro virus is not currently known to cause disease in humans .
Toxotrypana is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae !
Chiropterotriton , also known as splayfoot salamanders or flat - footed salamanders , is a genus of salamanders in the family Plethodontidae .
The Indonesian big - eyed tree frog , Nyctimystes fluviatilis , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family , endemic to West Papua , Indonesia .
The Audubon 's shearwater ( Puffinus lherminieri ) is a common tropical seabird in the petrel family .
The Connecticut warbler ( Oporornis agilis ) is a small songbird of the New World warbler family .
Arthraxon is a genus of Asian , African and Australian plants in the grass family , Poaceae , containing the following species :
Smith 's fruit bat ( Lissonycteris smithi ) is a species of bat in the family Pteropodidae .
Kato 's salamander , Hynobius katoi , is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family , endemic to Japan .
Allen 's river garfish ( Zenarchopterus alleni ) is a species of viviparous halfbeak endemic to West Papua in Indonesia .
Protochelydra zangerli is an extinct species of chelydid in the extinct genus Protochelydra of Chelydridae .
Erigoninae are the largest subfamily of sheet weavers ( Linyphiidae ) , which is itself the second largest spider family .
The Antillian snake eel ( Ophichthus spinicauda , also known commonly as the Spinefin snake eel or the Banded snake eel ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
The Oaxacan yellow tree frog , Megastomatohyla pellita , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico .
The Indian grassbird ( Graminicola bengalensis ) is a species in a genus in the Pellorneidae family .
Ponerini is a tribe of Ponerinae ants with 46 genera and 6 extinct genera .
Vesselowskya is a genus of 2 species of shrub to small tree in the family Cunoniaceae endemic to New South Wales , Australia .
Torneutes pallidipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Torneutes .
Tryonia alamosae , common name the Alamosa springsnail , is a species of small freshwater snail , an aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Variichthys is a genus of freshwater fishes in the Terapontidae family from New Guinea .
The Brazilian merganser ( Mergus octosetaceus ) is a duck in the typical merganser genus .
Propimelodus is a genus of South American catfish of the family Pimelodidae .
Callilepis is easily distinguished from other Gnaphosidae by the single translucent lamina on the cheliceral retromargin , the short , angular endites and the flattened , transverse posterior median eyes .
Under the Dahlgren system , Dioscoreales was placed in the superorder Lilianae in subclass Liliidae ( monocotyledons ) of class Magnoliopsida ( angiosperms ) and comprised the eight families Dioscoreaceae , Petermanniaceae , Ripogonaceae , Smilacaceae , Stemonaceae , Taccaceae , Trichopodaceae and Trilliaceae .
Yapyguara fusca is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Yapyguara .
The Andean teal ( Anas andium ) is a South American species of duck .
The Marquesan ground dove ( Gallicolumba rubescens ) is a bird species in the family Columbidae .
The Roach 's mouse - tailed dormouse or ground dormouse , also known simply as the mouse - tailed dormouse , ( Myomimus roachi ) is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae .
Atlantic stargazer ( Uranoscopus scaber ) is a marine , subtropical fish of family Uranoscopidae .
The Cuban gar ( Atractosteus tristoechus ) is a fish in the Lepisosteidae family .
Previously , the Linnaean taxonomy used in the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Ponder & Lindberg ( 1997 ) ranked like this : subclass Orthogastropoda , superorder Caenogastropoda , order Sorbeoconcha , suborder Hypsogastropoda , infraorder Littorinimorpha .
Triopha is a genus of colorful sea slugs , nudibranchs , shell - less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Polyceridae .
Fernandina 's flicker ( Colaptes fernandinae ) is a species of bird in the woodpecker family .
Oligochlora is an extinct genus of sweat bee in the Halictidae subfamily Halictinae .
Chrysoritis , commonly called Opals or Coppers , is a genus of butterflies in the Lycaenidae family found mainly in southern Africa and particularly South Africa .
Anatropites is a genus in the ceratitid family Tropitidae with spines instead of nodes on the umbilical shoulder , at least in early whorls .
The Choco toucan ( Ramphastos brevis ) is a large , mainly black bird found in humid lowland and foothill forests on the Pacific slope of Colombia and Ecuador .
Acanthopidae is a family of mantises consisting of 13 genera in the order Mantodea .
Hastingsia is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Agavoideae , known generally as rushlilies .
The Trappeaceae are a family of truffle - like fungi in the order Hysterangiales .
Common seadragon or weedy seadragon ( Phyllopteryx taeniolatus ) is a marine fish related to the seahorse .
The Middle American burrowing snake ( Adelphicos quadrivirgatus ) is a species of dipsadine colubrid snake , endemic to Mexico and Central America .
The Cuban trogon or tocororo ( Priotelus temnurus ) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family .
Calyptrosciadium polycladum is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae , the only member of the genus Calyptrosciadium .
The Balkan mole ( Talpa stankovici ) is a species of mammal in the family Talpidae .
Panjange is a genus of leaf - dwelling spiders in the family Pholcidae , widely distributed in the islands of Southeast Asia from Borneo and the Philippines to northern Australia .
As Baptornis was quite peculiar among the Hesperornithes , the family Baptornithidae has been established for it .
Ptilagrostis is a genus of grasses in the family Poaceae .
The Asian narrow - headed softshell turtle ( Chitra chitra ) is a large species of softshell turtle in the Trionychidae family .
Pyrrhocoris is a genus of true bugs in the family Pyrrhocoridae , the cotton stainers .
Banchinae are a subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae with about 1,500 species ; the genera Glypta and Lissonota are very large .
Auriculella is a genus of air - breathing tropical land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae .
The Bloody Bay poison frog ( Mannophryne olmonae ) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family .
Actenonyx bembidioides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Actenonyx .
Nakhoda is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae .
Dactylobatus is a small genus of skate in the family Rajidae .
The Cape long - billed lark ( Certhilauda curvirostris ) , also known as the Cape lark is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family .
Junnanotrechus microps is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Junnanotrechus .
The Japanese skylark ( Alauda japonica or Alauda arvensis japonica ) is usually considered a subspecies of Eurasian skylark .
Sand bubbler crabs ( or sand - bubblers ) are crabs of the genera Scopimera and Dotilla in the family Dotillidae .
Neofelis diardi diardi ( Wilting et al . , 2007 ) is a subspecies of the Sunda clouded leopard ( Neofelis diardi ) native to the Batu and Sumatran islands of Indonesia .
Weale 's running frog , Weale 's frog , or rattling frog ( Semnodactylus wealii ) is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family .
Hysteropterum is a genus of ' planthoppers ' described by Amyot & Serville in 1843 , belonging to the family Issidae , subfamily Issinae .
Sarcandra is a genus of the family Chloranthaceae , containing a single accepted species , and two proposed species .
Ceramaster is a genus of cushion stars in the family Goniasteridae .
The Cape Melville shade skink , Saproscincus saltus , is a species of lizard from the Cape York Peninsula of Queensland , Australia , described in 2013 .
The Kikambala nothobranch ( Nothobranchius interruptus ) is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family .
The Ascension frigatebird ( Fregata aquila ) is a seabird of the frigatebird family Fregatidae which breeds on the tiny Boatswain Bird Island just off Ascension Island in the tropical Atlantic Ocean .
The Brown River tree frog ( Litoria vocivincens ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Metahehoa granulata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
Megabalanus is a genus of barnacles in the family Balanidae .
The Madagascan stonechat or Madagascar stonechat ( Saxicola sibilla ) is a species of stonechat , endemic to Madagascar .
Archiacanthocephala is a class within the phylum of Acanthocephala .
Alchemilla is a genus of herbaceous perennial plants in the family Rosaceae , with the common name `` lady 's mantle '' applied generically as well as specifically to Alchemilla mollis .
Tetraphysa is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1906 .
The Amazon climbing salamander or Amazon mushroomtongue salamander ( Bolitoglossa palmata ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Brongersma 's toad or crapaud de Brongersma ( Bufo brongersmai ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Stempfferia marginata , the Scalloped Epitola , is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family .
The Peruvian anchoveta ( Engraulis ringens ) is a species of fish of the anchovy family , Engraulidae .
Crateva is a genus of flowering plants in the caper family , Capparaceae .
The Anderson 's shrew mole ( Uropsilus andersoni ) is a species of mammal in the family Talpidae .
The Lampyrinae are a large subfamily of fireflies ( Lampyridae ) .
Fowlerina , one kind of `` sea angel '' , is a genus of small sea slugs , marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Clionidae .
Pseudopolycesta tigrina is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Pseudopolycesta .
The Rio Luisito tree frog , Hyloscirtus piceigularis , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Colombia .
Ghatixalus is a genus of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae , subfamily Rhacophorinae .
Eupodium is a genus of ferns in the family Marattiaceae native to the Neotropics .
Prototocyon was named by Pohle ( 1928 ) and was assigned to Canidae by Carroll ( 1988 ) .
Aletia is a genus of Owlet moths of the Noctuidae family .
The Andean squirrel ( Sciurus pucheranii ) is a tree squirrel endemic to Colombia where it inhabits montane rain forest and cloud forests of the Cordillera Occidental and Cordillera Central ranges of the Colombian Andes , at elevations between 2,000 and 3,300 metres ( 6,600 and 10,800 ft ) .
The Argentine bolo mouse ( Necromys benefactus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Tasman starling ( Aplonis fusca ) was described in 1836 by John Gould as a species which occurred on both Norfolk Island and Lord Howe Island .
The taxonomy is complex . The `` Cerylonid Series '' is a cluster of highly derived Cucujoidea families comprising Alexiidae , Bothrideridae , Cerylonidae , Coccinellidae , Corylophidae , Discolomatidae , Endomychidae , and Latridiidae .
Zonites is a genus of mostly small , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Zonitidae .
Endive ( /ˈɛndaɪv/ or /ˈɑːndiv/ ; Cichorium endivia ) is a leaf vegetable belonging to the genus Cichorium , which includes several similar bitter leafed vegetables .
Lepipolys was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it is now considered a synonym of Sympistis .
Wound tumor virus is an invertebrate and plant virus found in the United States of America belonging to the genus Phytoreovirus and the family Reoviridae .
The Ancash tapaculo ( Scytalopus affinis ) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family .
Colpodichius platyderoides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Colpodichius .
Based on genetic and morphological analysis , the Cupressus genus is found in the Cupressoideae subfamily .
Neuquenraptor was assigned by Novas and Pol to the Dromaeosauridae in a polytomy with several dromaeosaurid taxa .
Frances 's sparrowhawk ( Accipiter francesiae ) is a small hawk .
Leucopternis is a Neotropical genus of birds of prey in the Accipitridae family .
Buffon 's river garfish ( Zenarchopterus buffonis ) is a species of fish in the Hemiramphidae family .
Agoristenidaeare a neotropical harvestman family of the Suborder Laniatores , in the superfamily Gonyleptoidea .
The Sonoyta pupfish or Quitobaquito pupfish ( Cyprinodon eremus ) is one of the most distinct species in its genus .
Persoonia is a genus of 98 species of shrubs and small trees in the tribe Persoonioideae in the large and diverse plant family Proteaceae .
The Nordmann 's greenshank or spotted greenshank ( Tringa guttifer ) is a wader in the large family Scolopacidae , the typical waders .
Paraoncidium is a genus of air - breathing sea slugs , a shell - less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Onchidiidae .
Savigny 's agama ( Trapelus savignii ) is a species of lizard in the Agamidae family .
Tolypeutinae is a subfamily of armadillo in the family Dasypodidae .
The Rossel Island melomys ( Melomys arcium ) is a species of rodent from the family Muridae .
( 2005 , 671 - 672 ; Fig . 2 ) assigned Brachytrachelopan to the Dicraeosauridae , proposing that , within this clade , it should be considered to have a sister group relationship to the Late Jurassic African taxon Dicraeosaurus , instead of to Amargasaurus from the Lower Cretaceous of South America .
Tripodichthys is a genus in the tripod fish family ( Triacanthidae ) native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Schumacheria is a small genus of plants in family Dilleniaceae .
Myoga , myoga ginger or Japanese ginger ( myōga ( 茗荷 ) ) is the species Zingiber mioga in the Zingiberaceae family .
Lechea ( pinweed ) is a genus in the Cistaceae family .
Scaphosepalum ( from Greek `` boatlike sepals '' ) is a genus of plants belonging to the family Orchidaceae .
Anelytropsis papillosus is a species of legless lizard in the family Dibamidae , and the only species in the genus Anelytropsis .
Sphenarium is a grasshoppers genus in the family Pyrgomorphidae indigenous to Mexico .
The Chilean myotis ( Myotis chiloensis ) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae .
Electrapate martynovi is a fossil species of beetle in the family Schizopodidae , the only species in the genus Electrapate .
Umbopilio paradoxus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
Macrocypraea is a genus of large sea snails , cowries , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Lactifluus hygrophoroides ( formerly Lactarius hygrophoroides ) is a member of the milk - cap genus Lactifluus in the order Russulales .
The Harpactorinae are a large subfamily of the Reduviidae ( assassin bugs ) .
Ovulidae , common names the ovulids , cowry allies or false cowries , is a family of small to large predatory or parasitic sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Cypraeoidea , the cowries and the cowry allies .
Alzoniella is a genus of minute freshwater spring snails , aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Hydrobiidae .
Morelet 's crocodile ( Crocodylus moreletii ) , also known as the Mexican crocodile , is a modest sized crocodilian found only in fresh waters of the Atlantic regions of Mexico , Belize and Guatemala .
Champion 's leaf - tailed gecko , Phyllurus championae , is a gecko first found in the Cameron Creek / Black Mountain area near Koumala , Queensland , Australia .
Dimorphoceratidae is one of two families included in the Dimorphocerataceae , a superfamily of ammonoid cephalopods belonging to the Goniatitida that lived during the Late Paleozoic .
Tapoides is a monotypic plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae .
The Mongolian hamster ( Allocricetulus curtatus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Syconycteris is a genus of megabat in the family Pteropodidae .
The Goan day gecko , Cnemaspis goaensis , is a species of gecko found in Goa , India .
Felis margarita meinertzhageni was proposed as a subspecies of the sand cat by Reginald Innes Pocock in 1938 .
Recently Hebe stricta has been reclassified and the botanical name has changed to Veronica stricta .
Dicranoderes annulatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Dicranoderes .
Kyptoceratini is an extinct tribe of the subfamily Synthetoceratinae , deer - like mammals within the family Protoceratidae belonging to the order Artiodactyla , endemic to North America during the Miocene through Pliocene , living 23.03 - -3.6 Ma , existing for approximately 19.43 million years .
Codazziceras is an early Upper Cretaceous ammonite from the upper Cretaceous of Columbia ( S.A ) , distinguished from Lyelliceras ( Lyelliceratidae ) from which it is based and added to the Euomphaloceratinae ( Acanthoceratidae ) .
Wolffsohn 's leaf - eared mouse ( Phyllotis wolffsohni ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The African chameleon or Sahel chameleon ( Chamaeleo africanus ) is a species of chameleon native to the Sahel and Nile Valley , although it has been introduced to Greece .
The Sri Lanka drongo ( Dicrurus lophorinus ) is a species of bird in the Dicruridae family .
The Trinidad dog - like bat ( Peropteryx trinitatis ) is a species of bat from the family Emballonuridae .
Originally assigned by Huene to the Allosauridae , Indosaurus is today considered a member of the Abelisauridae .
Llistrofus is an extinct genus of microsaur within the family Hapsidopareiontidae .
Harriotta is a genus of cartilaginous fish in the Rhinochimaeridae family .
Massonia is a genus of bulbous perennials in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Scilloideae ( also treated as the family Hyacinthaceae ) .
Zenobiella subrufescens is a species of small air - breathing land snail , a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae .
Dendrocollybia is a fungal genus in the family Tricholomataceae of the order Agaricales .
Acromantinae is a subfamily of the mantis family Hymenopodidae which contains one tribe , Acromantini , and 18 genera .
Phyllocaulis is a genus of land slugs , shell - less terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Veronicellidae , the leatherleaf slugs .
The Macedonian crested newt ( Triturus macedonicus ) is a newt species of the crested newt species complex in genus Triturus , found in the Western Balkan peninsula ( Bosnia - Hercegovina , Albania , Macedonia , north - western Greece and south - western Bulgaria ) .
The Mauritius olive white - eye ( Zosterops chloronothos often mistakenly spelled Zosterops chloronothus ) is a very rare passerine from the family of white - eyes ( Zosteropidae ) .
Tylosema species are in the Leguminosae family , the third largest family of flowering plants ( Doyle and Luckow , 2003 ) , in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae , in the tribe Cercideae .
Laemodonta is a genus of small air - breathing , saltmarsh snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Ellobiidae .
Phyllodesmium is a genus of predatory sea slugs , aeolid nudibranchs , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Facelinidae .
The Abyssocottidae are a family of fishes in the superfamily Cottoidea , the sculpins .
Callophyllis is a red algae genus in the family Kallymeniaceae .
The Schouteden 's swift ( Schoutedenapus schoutedeni ) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family .
Polygireulima is a genus of very small parasitic sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the Eulimidae family .
The Angolan free - tailed bat ( Mops condylurus ) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae .
Mammomonogamus is a genus of parasitic nematode of the family Syngamidae that parasitises the respiratory tracts of cattle , sheep , goats , deer , cats , orangutans , and elephants .
The subfamily Phaoniinae is within the Diptera family Muscidae .
The Chapultepec splitfin ( Girardinichthys viviparus ) , known locally as mexcalpique , is a species of fish in the Goodeidae family endemic to Mexico .
Sowell 's short - tailed bat ( Carollia sowelli ) is a common bat species in the family Phyllostomidae .
The Turner 's eremomela ( Eremomela turneri ) is a species of bird formerly placed in the `` Old World warbler '' assemblage , but now placed in the family Cisticolidae .
Blanford 's toad ( Amietophrynus blanfordii ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Aplousobranchia is an order of sea squirts in the class Ascidiacea .
The Pacific bluefin tuna ( Thunnus orientalis ) is a predatory species of tuna found widely in the northern Pacific Ocean , but it is migratory and also recorded as a visitor to the south Pacific .
The Mauritius grey white - eye ( Zosterops mauritianus ) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family .
Scrobicularia is a genus of bivalve mollusc belonging to the family Semelidae .
The Halfmoon triggerfish , Sufflamen chrysopterum , is a triggerfish of the tropical Indo - West Pacific area .
Giesbertia rugosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Giesbertia .
Horned gophers are extinct rodents from the genus Ceratogaulus , a member of the extinct fossorial rodent family Mylagaulidae .
The Arctic flounder ( Liopsetta glacialis ) is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae .
The Chatham pigeon , Chatham Island pigeon , or parea ( from Moriori ) ( Hemiphaga chathamensis ) is a bird endemic to the Chatham Islands in New Zealand .
Tiger beetles were traditionally classified as the family Cicindelidae but most authorities now treat them as the subfamily Cicindelinae of the Carabidae ( ground beetles ) .
The Borneo roundleaf bat ( Hipposideros doriae ) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
Sisal ( /ˈsaɪsəl/ , Spanish : ( siˈsal ) ) , with the botanical name Agave sisalana , is a species of Agave native to southern Mexico but widely cultivated and naturalized in many other countries .
Carnoidea are a superfamily of Acalyptratae flies .
The Lake Rukwa minnow ( Raiamas moorii ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Glinus is a genus of tropical and subtropical plants in the family Molluginaceae .
Brassolini is a tribe usually placed in the brush - footed butterfly subfamily Morphinae , which is often included in the Satyrinae as a tribe Morphini .
Lunovula is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pediculariidae , one of the families of cowry allies .
Androstachys johnsonii , the Lebombo ironwood , is a tree species and the sole member of the genus Androstachys in the Picrodendraceae .
Oechalius ohausi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Oechalius .
The Tucumán amazon ( Amazona tucumana ) , also known as the alder amazon , is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family .
European lyctus beetle ( Lyctus linearis ) is a species of beetle in the family Bostrichidae .
The Pondoland cannibal snail , scientific name Natalina beyrichi , is a species of medium - sized predatory air - breathing land snail , a carnivorous terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae .
Synteratus ovalis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Synteratus .
The Mexican mouse opossum ( Marmosa mexicana ) is a species of Central American opossum in the family Didelphidae .
The Cabanis 's spinetail ( Synallaxis cabanisi ) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family .
Lioberus is a genus of mussels in the family Mytilidae .
Neocrossidius trivittatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Neocrossidius .
The South Island giant moa ( Dinornis robustus ) is a member of the moa family .
The Daly Waters frog ( Litoria maculosa formerly Cyclorana maculosa ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Dasiphora is a genus of three species of shrubs in the rose family Rosaceae , native to Asia , with one species D. fruticosa ( Shrubby Cinquefoil ) , ranging across the entire cool temperate Northern Hemisphere .
Tang 's snapper , Lipocheilus carnolabrum , is a species of snapper native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Anamorphic Pezizomycotina Coniothecium amentacearum Corda ( 1837 ) , (= Trimmatostroma salicis ) ;
Hyperlioceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod included in the ammonitid family Graphoceratidae that lived during the Bajocian stage of the Middle Jurassic .
The El Dorado grass mouse or Utcubamba akodont ( Akodon orophilus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Coccophagus is a large genus of chalcid wasps belonging to the family Aphelinidae .
The Cascades frog ( Rana cascadae ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in the western United States and possibly Canada , mainly in the Cascade Range and Olympic Mountains .
Megaceros is a genus of hornworts in the family Dendrocerotaceae .
The Columbia spotted frog ( Rana luteiventris ) is a North American species of frog .
Apleurotropis is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae that is mostly found in Japan .
The Crenarchaeota ( Greek for `` spring old quality '' ) ( also known as Crenarchaea or eocytes ) are Archaea that have been classified as a phylum of the Archaea kingdom .
Apheloria is a genus of flat - backed millipedes in the family Xystodesmidae , occurring in the central and southeastern United States , and ranging as far north as southern Quebec , Canada .
Sarcinodes is a oriental genus of moth in the Geometridae family .
The Amur ide ( Leuciscus waleckii ) is a species of cyprinid fish , inhabiting the Amur River basin in Russia , Mongolia , China , Korea .
The Visayan miniature babbler ( Micromacronus leytensis ) is a bird species in the family Timaliidae .
Lasmigona is a genus of freshwater mussels , aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae .
Initially , it was not clear if Kotasaurus represents a true sauropod or a basal sauropodomorph that has to be classified outside Sauropoda .
The Japanese dormouse ( Glirulus japonicus ) is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae .
The Tibetan dwarf hamster ( Cricetulus alticola ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Karanasa is an Old World genus of Satyrinae ( family Nymphalidae ) .
The Henderson crake or red - eyed crake ( Porzana atra ) is a species of flightless bird in the family Rallidae .
Liptornis hesternus is a fossil bird of uncertain affinities .
Callibia is a genus of praying mantis in the family Acanthopidae .
Physeomorpha vianai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Physeomorpha .
The Celebes rainbowfish ( Marosatherina ladigesi ) is a species of sailfin silverside endemic to Sulawesi ( formerly known as Celebes ) in Indonesia .
Bischoff 's tree frog , Hypsiboas bischoffi , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil .
Coriander ( UK /ˌkɒrɪˈændə/ ; US /ˈkɔːriˌændər/ or /ˌkɔːriˈændər/ ; Coriandrum sativum ) , also known as cilantro ( /sɪˈlɑːntroʊ/ ) , Chinese parsley or dhania , is an annual herb in the family Apiaceae .
The Taiwan field mouse , also called Formosan wood mouse ( Apodemus semotus ) , is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Pentatominae is a subfamily of Pentatomidae , a family of shield bugs .
The Malesian frog , Malaysian river frog , Malaysian peat frog , or peat swamp frog ( Limnonectes malesianus ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
The Bahaman caracara ( Caracara creightoni ) is an extinct bird of prey .
Nautiloceras is an extinct genus from the nautiloid order Nautilida , which includes the living Nautilus and its close relative Allonautilus .
The Escambia map turtle ( Graptemys ernsti ) is a species of turtle in the Emydidae family endemic to the United States .
The subtribe was previously classified as the Pericopinae subfamily of the Arctiidae family .
Gasterosiphon is a very small genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae .
The Saharan striped polecat , also known as the Saharan striped weasel , Libyan striped weasel , and the North African striped weasel ( Ictonyx libycus ) is a species of mammal in the family Mustelidae .
The Atlantic spotted dolphin ( Stenella frontalis ) is a dolphin found in the Gulf Stream of the North Atlantic Ocean .
Phasmatinae is a subfamily of stick insects in the family Phasmatidae .
Pterorhopalus mizotai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Pterorhopalus .
Andrachne is a genus of flowering plants in the family Phyllanthaceae described by Linnaeus in 1753 .
The Thomas 's shaggy bat ( Centronycteris centralis ) is a bat species from South America .
The Himalayan flameback ( Dinopium shorii ) , also known as the Himalayan goldenback , is a species of bird in the Picidae family .
The Somali ostrich ( Struthio molybdophanes ) is a large flightless bird native to the Horn of Africa .
The Nile Valley sunbird ( Hedydipna metallica ) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family .
Betula lenta ( sweet birch , also known as black birch , cherry birch , mahogany birch , or spice birch ) is a species of birch native to eastern North America , from southern Maine west to southernmost Ontario , and south in the Appalachian Mountains to northern Georgia .
Kineococcus is an Actinomycete genus within the polyphyletic family Kineosporiaceae .
Grass skippers or banded skippers are butterflies of the subfamily Hesperiinae , part of the skipper family , Hesperiidae .
The silent slant - faced grasshoppers make up the subfamily Acridinae of the insect family Acrididae .
The Roraiman antbird ( Schistocichla saturata ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae .
Urbinella is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family , Asteraceae .
Guarea is a genus of evergreen trees in the mahogany family Meliaceae , native to tropical Africa and Central and South America .
The Magellanic oystercatcher ( Haematopus leucopodus ) is a species of wader in the family Haematopodidae .
The Turkish hamster ( Mesocricetus brandti ) , also referred to as Brandt 's hamster , Azerbaijani hamster , or avurtlak , is a species of hamster native to Turkey , Armenia and other surrounding nations .
The Amistad gambusia ( Gambusia amistadensis ) was a small fish known only to occur in Goodenough Spring , Val Verde County , Texas , a tributary of the Rio Grande .
The Damara tern ( Sternula balaenarum ) is a species of tern in the family Sternidae .
The Gulf fritillary or passion butterfly ( Agraulis vanillae ) is a bright orange butterfly of the family Nymphalidae and subfamily Heliconiinae .
Macropodinae is a subfamily of marsupials in the family Macropodidae , which includes the kangaroos , wallabies , and related species .
Metatrichoniscoides is a genus of crustacean in family Trichoniscidae , with four described species :
Osmylidae are a small family of winged insects of the net - winged insect order Neuroptera .
The Lorquin 's admiral ( Limenitis lorquini ) is a butterfly in the Nymphalinae subfamily .
Streptosporangineae is a suborder of bacteria in the order Actinomycetales .
The African giant shrew ( Crocidura olivieri ) is a species of shrew .
Anolis , or anoles , is a genus of iguanian ( anole ) lizards belonging to the family Dactyloidae .
Rough - haired golden moles ( Chrysospalax villosus ) are an ancient group of mammals that live mostly below ground .
Endynomena pradieri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Endynomena .
Taeniura is a genus of stingrays in the family Dasyatidae , commonly known as ribbontail stingrays .
Adoxaceae is a small family of flowering plants in the order Dipsacales , now comprising five genera and about 150 - 200 species .
Duncker 's pipehorse ( Solegnathus dunckeri ) is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family .
Betula chinensis ( Chinese : 坚桦 ; pinyin : jian hua ) is a species of birch that can be found in China and Korea on the elevation of 700 - -3,000 metres ( 2,300 - -9,800 ft ) .
Named by Lawrence Lambe in 1913 , Styracosaurus is a member of the Centrosaurinae .
The Andean hairy armadillo ( Chaetophractus nationi ) is an armadillo present in Bolivia , in the region of the Puna , the departments of Oruro , La Paz , and Cochabamba ( Gardner , 1993 ) .
The Alaskan tundra wolf ( Canis lupus tundrarum ) , also known as the barren - ground wolf , is a possible subspecies of gray wolf native to the barren grounds of the Arctic Coast region from near Point Barrow eastward toward Hudson Bay and probably northwards to the Arctic Archipelago .
Nototriton , commonly referred to as Moss Salamanders is a genus in the salamander family Plethodontidae , which is characterized by their absence of lungs ; they instead achieve respiration through their skin and the tissues lining their mouth .
Melibe is a genus of sea slugs , nudibranchs , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Tethydidae .
Andasta is a genus of ray spider ( family Theridiosomatidae ) .
Spermodea is a genus of minute , European , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs , or micromolluscs , in the family Valloniidae .
The Juglandaceae are a family , known as the walnut family , of trees , or sometimes shrubs , in the order Fagales .
The African wild ass or African wild donkey ( Equus africanus ) is a wild member of the horse family , Equidae .
Amoaba plumosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Amoaba .
The Fintail serpent eel ( Neenchelys buitendijki , also known commonly as the Spotted worm - eel in India ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
Zagrosia is a monotypic genus of bulbous flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Scilloideae ( also treated as the family Hyacinthaceae ) .
Neita is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae .
Chasmosaurus was in 1915 by Lambe within the Ceratopsia assigned to the Chasmosaurinae .
Baer 's pochard ( Aythya baeri ) is a diving duck found in eastern Asia .
Bellamyclus lampetiformis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Bellamyclus .
The Abyssinian roller ( Coracias abyssinicus ) is a member of the roller family of birds which breeds across tropical Africa in a belt south of the Sahara , known as the Sahel .
Micracosmeryx is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , containing only one species Micracosmeryx chaochauensis , which is known from southern China and northern Vietnam .
The North Island robin ( Petroica longipes ) is a species of Australasian robin endemic to the North Island of New Zealand .
The Pangani suckermouth ( Chiloglanis deckenii ) is a species of upside - down catfish native to Kenya and Tanzania .
Theryola touzalini is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Theryola .
The Tahiti monarch or Tahiti flycatcher ( Pomarea nigra ) is a rare species of bird in the monarch flycatcher family .
Varroa is a genus of parasitic mites associated with honey bees , placed in its own family , Varroidae .
Xiphogymnites is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus from the Triassic included in the family Gymnitidae .
Halophila is a genus of seagrasses in the family Hydrocharitaceae , the tape - grasses .
Cephalocroton is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1841 .
The King of Saxony bird - of - paradise ( Pteridophora alberti ) is a bird in the bird - of - paradise family ( Paradisaeidae ) .
Teuthowenia is a genus of glass squid in the subfamily Taoniinae .
The Namdapha flying squirrel ( Biswamoyopterus biswasi ) is an arboreal , nocturnal flying squirrel endemic to India .
The Tuva silver vole ( Alticola tuvinicus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Murray crayfish , Euastacus armatus , is a species of freshwater crayfish endemic to Australia that belongs to the family Parastacidae .
The Azelinini are a tribe of geometer moths in the subfamily Ennominae , with many species in the Southern Hemisphere , particularly in South America .
Argyrocytisus battandieri , the pineapple broom , is a species of flowering plants in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Pactolinus is a genus of the Histeridae family of Beetles
Anagaudryceras is an extinct genus of ammonite from the later Cretaceous belonging to the Ammonoidea family Gaudryceratidae .
Kuterintja is an extinct genus of marsupial of the family Ilariidae .
The Parasitiformes are an order of Acari ( treated as a suborder and superorder in outdated classifications ) .
Punalikevirus is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales , in the family Myoviridae .
Enneapterygius paucifasciatus , known commonly as the New Caledonian striped triplefin or the Reticulate triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius .
The Finned worm eel ( Echelus uropterus , also known as the Finned snake eel in Australia ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
The Asiatic short - tailed shrew ( Blarinella quadraticauda ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Dissopsalis is a genus of extinct predatory mammals of the family Hyaenodontidae .
The genus Asystasia belongs to the family Acanthaceae and comprises approximately 70 species found in the tropics , including the weedy species Asystasia gangetica .
Malcolmia is a genus of flowering plants from the family Brassicaceae .
The Seychelles palm frog ( Sechellophryne pipilodryas ) is a species of frog that is endemic to Silhouette Island in the Seychelles .
Parapionycha lizeri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Parapionycha .
Scops owls are typical owls ( family Strigidae ) mostly belonging to the genus Otus .
Phebalium is a genus of shrubs in the family Rutaceae , endemic to Australia .
The Esmeraldas woodstar , colibrí de Berlepsch , colibrí de esmeraldas , or estrellita Esmeraldeña ( Chaetocercus berlepschi ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Nikolay Kamenskiy ( born October 17 , 1931 in Moscow ) is a Soviet former ski jumper who competed in the late 1950s and early 1960s .
Hryhoriy Surkis ( Ukrainian : Григорій Суркіс ; born September 4 , 1949 in Odessa ) is a Ukrainian businessman and politician , one of five vice - presidents of UEFA since 24 May 2013 .
Abrie Fourie ( born 1969 in Pretoria ) is a South African born artist .
Pauline Hoarau ( born in 1994 , Réunion ) is a French model .
Chatarina Larsson ( born Ingrid Chatarina Larsson ) , a Swedish actress born on 2 April 1947 in Stockholm .
Although frequently associated with Detroit , Kevin Saunderson spent the early years of his life in Brooklyn , New York , before moving to Belleville , Michigan , a rural town some 30 miles from Detroit .
Petra Nareks ( born 27 September 1982 ) is a Slovene judoka from the city of Celje .
Vladimir Grig ( Russian : Владимир Григ ; born March 21 , 1962 , Krasnodar , USSR ) is the pen name of Russian , St. Petersburg - based artist and musician Vladimir Grigoracshenko .
Born Antonio McDaniel to Willie and Annie McDaniel , and raised in the housing projects of Oakland , California in the 1970s , he changed his name to Tukufu Zuberi , which is Swahili for `` beyond praise '' and `` strength '' .
Enri Tenukai is an I - Kiribati footballer who plays as a Defender .
Sarah Boyack ( born 16 May 1961 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish Labour MSP for the Lothian region and formerly constituency MSP for Edinburgh Central in the Scottish Parliament .
Gaston Curbelo ( born April 8 , 1976 ) is a French football striker , who plays for AS Nancy in the Ligue 1 .
Srđan Dragojević ( Serbian : Срђан Драгојевић , pronounced ( sř̩dʑan drâɡojeʋitɕ ) , born 1 January 1963 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian film director and screenwriter , who emerged in the 1990s as a significant figure in Serbian cinema .
Jan Johnston ( born 21 February 1968 , Salford , Lancashire , England ) is an English professional singer , best known for collaborating with some of the world 's top trance music DJs and producers .
Jahanbakht Tofigh ( Persian : جهانبخت توفیق ‎‎ , born 1931 Sarab , East Azerbaijan -- deceased 1970 London ) was an Iranian Freestyle wrestler .
Fong Pak Lun ( Chinese : 方柏倫 ; Jyutping : fong1 paak3 leon4 , born 14 April 1993 ) is a Hong Kong Chinese football striker currently playing for Hong Kong Pegasus in the Hong Kong Premier League .
Armen Grigoryan was born on November 24 , 1960 in Moscow by Armenian parents .
Tooji was born in Shiraz , Iran , and moved to Norway when he was one year old .
Johann Pfeiffer was born in Nuremberg and had his earliest music lessons with various teachers in his home town .
Alan Arthur Aronggear or Alan Aronggear ( born 10 May 1990 in Merauke , Merauke Regency , Papua ) is an Indonesian footballer .
Valdir Ataualpa Ramirez Espinosa , usually known as Valdir Espinosa ( born October 7 , 1947 in Porto Alegre ) is a Brazilian football ( soccer ) manager .
Dalton Vigh de Sousa Vales ( born July 10 , 1964 , in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian actor .
Denis Crossan BSC , was born in Glasgow , where he attended Glasgow School of Art , qualifying with a B.A.(hons ) degree in graphic design before enrolling at the National Film and Television School Beaconsfield , graduating in 1984 to embark on a career in cinematography .
Marie - Anne Collot was born in Paris and started to work as a model at the age of 15 in the workshop of Jean - Baptiste II Lemoyne .
Dionysios Solomos ( Greek : Διονύσιος Σολωμός ; 8 April 1798 -- 9 February 1857 ) was a Greek poet from Zakynthos .
Juergen Nogai ( born 2 July 1953 in Jessen / Elster , south of Berlin ) is a German architecture , art and documentary photographer .
Claudio Acosta ( born 12 February 1988 in El Quebrachal , Salta ) is an Argentine football striker .
Parvin Ardalan , born 1967 in Tehran , is a leading Iranian women 's rights activist , writer and journalist .
Martin Koukal ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmarcɪn ˈkou̯kal ) ) ( born September 25 , 1978 in Nové Město na Moravě ) is a Czech cross - country skier and mountaineer who has been competing since 1996 .
Christos Volikakis ( born 25 March 1988 in Volos ) is a Greek track cyclist .
Artur dos Santos Lima , popularly known as Arturzinho , ( born 13 May 1956 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a retired Brazilian professional football player , who played as a Midfielder and is currently a manager .
Oskar Rosenfeld was born on 13 May 1884 in Koryčany , Moravia to Jeanette Rosenfeld ( Jellinek ) .
Johannes Gaitanides ( born 1909 in Dresden ; died 1988 in Schondorf ) was a German author and journalist .
Avo Uvezian ( born 1926 in Beirut , French Lebanon ) is an Armenian - American jazz pianist and cigar manufacturer .
Aleksandra Socha ( born March 30 , 1982 in Pabianice ) is a Polish sabre fencer , bronze medal in the 2003 World Fencing Championships , European champion in 2004 and European team in 2008 .
The second of five children , Telly Savalas was born as Aristotelis Savalas on January 21 , 1922 , in Garden City , New York , to Greek American parents Christina ( née Kapsalis ) , a New York City artist who was a native of Sparta , and Nick Savalas , a Greek restaurant owner .
Joshua Reed Giddings was born at Tioga Point , now Athens , Bradford County , Pennsylvania , on 6 October 1795 .
On the 12th of August 2014 , the Iraqi MP Vian Dakhil got injured when an Iraqi aid helicopter crashed during a mission to deliver aid to the Yazidi people who are under siege by ISIL in Sinjar , Mosul .
Muriel Leroy ( born July 7 1968 at Ermont ) is a former French athlete , who specialised in the sprints and the Long jump .
Costin Curelea ( born 11 July 1984 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian football player who plays for Universitatea Craiova as a striker .
John P. McKay , born in St. Louis , Missouri , is a professor of history and an author .
Kostas Foufoulas ( Greek : Κώστας Φούφουλας ) ( born 25 October 1984 in Patras ) is a Greek footballer .
James L. Conway ( born October 27 , 1950 in New York City , US ) is an American film and television director , producer and writer , studio executive and novelist .
Marco Torrieri ( born May 14 , 1978 in Monterotondo near Rome ) is an Italian sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres .
Hilal Khashan ( born 1951 , Beirut , Lebanon ) is a prominent Palestinian - American scholar of the Middle East , professor of political studies and department chair at the American University of Beirut .
François Spirito was an Italian - French gangster , member of the Marseille underworld .
Nader Engheta ( Persian : نادر انقطاع‎‎ ) ( born 1955 in Tehran ) is an Iranian - American scientist .
Giora Eiland ( born 1952 in moshav Kfar Hess ) is Major General ( ret . )
Siegfried Gumbel ( September 22 , 1874 in Heilbronn -- January 27 , 1942 in Dachau ) was an attorney , politician ( DDP ) , and President of the Jewish Community of Württemberg , Stuttgart since 1933 .
Captain Robert Robinson ( 1685 ? - May 7 , 1762 ) was born in Miller Place , New York .
Gołda Tencer ( yid . גאָלדע טענצער , born 2 August 1949 in Łódź ) is a Polish - Jewish actress and singer .
Count Jan Kanty Zamoyski ( born August 4 , 1900 in Stará Ľubovňa - died September 28 , 1961 in Monte Carlo ) was a Polish aristocrat .
Enos Lowe was born on May 5 , 1804 in Raleigh , North Carolina in the county of Guilford .
Brandon Firla ( born in Calgary , Alberta ) is a Canadian actor and comedian , currently best known for his role as Clark Claxton on the television sitcom Billable Hours .
While Xu Xiaofei grew up in the city of Zhengzhou in the province of Henan , his mother would move him to Japan as a 10-year - old child .
Fikret Orman ( born 1967 in Istanbul ) , is a Turkish businessman .
Wither was born in Bentworth , near Alton , in the heart Hampshire , the son of George Wither Senior of that place and his wife , Mary , who was possibly from the family of Hunt .
Marco Branca ( born 6 January 1965 in Grosseto ) is an Italian former football striker who was , until February 2014 , sporting director of Serie A club Internazionale .
Mark Wang was a passenger aboard China Northwest Airlines Flight 2119 from Yinchuan to Beijing on July 23 , 1993 .
Nikola Eklemović ( Serbian : Никола Еклемовић , born 8 February 1978 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian Hungarian handball player .
Irving Ramsey Wiles ( April 8 , 1861 -- July 29 , 1948 ) was an American artist , born in Utica , New York .
Björn Joppe ( born 13 December 1978 in Wuppertal ) is a former German football player who currently is working as playing manager for SV Jägerhaus Linde .
David Waweru is the CEO of WordAlive Publishers based out of Nairobi , Kenya .
Tanith Lee was born on 19 September 1947 in London , to professional dancers Bernard and Hylda Lee .
Joseph Maiden was born in St John 's Wood in northwest London .
André Masséna was born in Nice , which was part of the Kingdom of Sardinia at the time , on 6 May 1758 .
After studying languages and psychology in Melbourne , Berlin and Bonn , Anne Cutler embraced psycholinguistics when it emerged as an independent field , going on to complete her PhD in the discipline at the University of Texas at Austin .
Born and baptized James Isaac Thomas Kensett to Thomas & Sarah Kensett in St Mary 's Parish Church , Hampton , Middlesex , Richmond upon Thames on 16 August 1786 .
Karsten Kobs ( born 16 September 1971 in Dortmund ) is a German hammer thrower , whose personal best throw is 82.78 metres , achieved in June 1999 in Dortmund .
Roberto Esposito was born in Naples where he graduated at the University of Naples ' Federico II ' .
Richard Brunstrom ( born September 1954 , Nottingham ) is a retired British senior police officer .
Vilma Espín Guillois was born on April 7 , 1930 , in Santiago de Cuba the daughter of a lawyer for the Bacardi family , Jose Espín and wife Margarita Guillois .
Vic Elias ( 1948 - -2006 ) was a poet who was born in Chicago , Illinois , and emigrated to Canada in 1979 .
Tetiana Ustiuzhanina ( Ukrainian : Тетяна Устюжаніна , Tatjana Ustiujanina , born 6 May 1965 in Mariupol ) is a Ukrainian competitive rower .
Moshe Dayan was born on 20 May 1915 on Kibbutz Degania Alef , near the Sea of Galilee in what was then Ottoman Syria or Palestine , within the Ottoman Empire .
John Wheelwright , born about 1592 , was the son of Robert Wheelwright of Cumberworth and Saleby in Lincolnshire , England .
Igiaba Scego is an Italian writer ( born 20 March 1974 in Rome ) of Somali origin .
Preston Strother ( January 28 , 1999 ) is an American teen actor born in Dallas , Texas .
Monty Halls ( born 5 November 1966 , England ) is a TV broadcaster , explorer and marine biologist .
Wayne Robbins was born in Pawnee / Stillwater , Oklahoma to Charles L. Robbins and Clara Pauline Robbins née Brooks on July 22 , 1914 .
Adam Berner ( born 25 January 1987 in Bromölla ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for in the Allsvenskan for Mjällby AIF .
Frank Partos ( 7 February 1901 , Budapest - 23 December 1956 , Los Angeles ) an American screenwriter , of Hungarian Jewish origin , and an early executive committee member of the Screen Actors Guild , which he helped found .
Michael Attaleiates was probably a native of Attaleia ( now Antalya , in Turkey ) and moved to Constantinople between 1030 and 1040 to pursue studies in law .
Huang Xiangdong ( Chinese : 黄向东 born 1958 in Dalian ) is a Chinese football coach and a former international player .
Bryan Herb ( born in Forest Grove , Oregon in 1973 ) is a gay travel TV personality and Board Chair of the International Gay and Lesbian Travel Association , as well as the co - owner of Zoom Vacations , a gay tour company based in the United States .
Paul Sanchez is a New Orleans - born and based American guitarist and a singer - songwriter .
Carneades ( /kɑːrˈniːədiːz/ ; Greek : Καρνεάδης , Karneadēs , `` of Carnea '' ; 214/3 - -129/8 BC ) was an Academic skeptic born in Cyrene .
Alonzo Wright ( April 28 , 1821 -- January 7 , 1894 ) was a Canadian member of Parliament and businessman commonly known as `` King of the Gatineau '' .
A. Aubrey Bodine ( 1906 - -1970 ) was an American photographer and photojournalist for the Baltimore Sun 's Sunday Sun Magazine , also known as the brown section , for fifty years .
Sandra Dodd ( born July 24 , 1953 , Augusta , Georgia ) is an unschooling advocate .
Oh Ji - ho was born and raised in Mokpo , South Jeolla Province .
Mýa Harrison , a native of Washington , D.C. is one of three children , born to an African - American father and Italian - American mother .
Anahit Nersesyan ( In Armenian : Անահիտ Ներսիսյան , по-русски : Анаит Нерсесян ) , a famous Armenian pianist was born in 1954 in Yerevan .
Joseph Thoburn ( April 29 , 1825 -- October 19 , 1864 ) was born in the district of Mallusk north of Belfast , County Antrim , to be found in the modern - day borough of Newtownabbey , Northern Ireland , UK .
Winston Tong ( born 1951 in San Francisco , California ) is an actor / playwright , visual artist , puppeteer , and singer / songwriter .
According to the historical text Records of the Three Kingdoms , Liu Bei was born in Zhuo County , Zhuo Commandery ( present - day Zhuozhou , Baoding , Hebei ) .
Pablo Ziegler ( born September 2 , 1944 ) is an Argentine composer based in Buenos Aires and New York City .
Josef Winckler ( 7 July 1881 , Bentlage , Rheine -- 29 January 1966 , Bensberg , Bergisch Gladbach ) was a German writer , best known for his 1923 comic novel The Mad Bomberg , which was turned into films in 1932 and 1957 .
Dr Victor Palciauskas ( born October 3 , 1941 in Kaunas , Lithuania as Vytas Palciauskas ) is an American International Correspondence Chess Grandmaster , most famous for being the tenth ICCF World Champion , 1978 - -84 .
Dennis McDougal is originally from Pasadena , California .
Mike Maxfield ( born 23 February 1944 , Manchester , England ) is an English songwriter and guitarist , who came to fame as a member of The Dakotas .
Jacques Chessex ( Payerne , 1 March 1934 -- Yverdon - les - Bains , 9 October 2009 ) was a Swiss author and painter .
Mick Audsley ( b. 1949 , London , England ) is a British film and television editor with more than 30 film credits .
Chuck Workman is a documentary filmmaker from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , USA .
Tallulah Morton is an Australian fashion model born in 1991 in North Sydney , New South Wales .
Bill Jaques also known as Jacques ( 8 December 1888 in Erith , Kent -- 1925 ) was a professional footballer who played for Northfleet United ( where he won the Kent Senior Cup in 1910 ) , Coventry City and Tottenham Hotspur .
Sidney Bates was born in Camberwell , London on 14 June 1921 to Frederick , a rag and bone man , and Gladys May Bates .
Lauri Silvennoinen ( November 7 , 1916 , Kesälahti , North Karelia -- December 24 , 2004 ) was a Finnish cross - country skier who competed in the 1940s .
Sverre Holm was born in Drammen and was in his youth a relatively good band player for Drafn .
Pamela Yates was born and raised in the Appalachian coal - mining region of Pennsylvania but left at a young age to live New York City .
Cristian Chagas Tarouco or simply Titi ( born 12 March 1988 in Pelotas ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Turkish club Kasımpaşa in Süper Lig .
Pramono Edhie Wibowo ( born 5 May 1955 in Magelang ) is a former Indonesian Army Chief of Staff from 31 June 2011 until 20 May 2013 .
Inger Hagerup ( Bergen , 14 April 1905 -- Fredrikstad , 6 February 1985 ) was a Norwegian author , playwright and poet .
Tahia Halim was born in Sudan , where her family were living .
Anders Nicolai Kiær ( Drammen , 15 September 1838 -- Oslo , 16 April 1919 ) was a Norwegian statistician who first proposed that a representative sample rather than a complete enumerating survey could and should be used to collect information about a population .
Anna Angelina Wolfers ( born November 8 , 1978 in Siegen ) is a German actress , model and entrepreneur .
Sardar Hasanov ( born May 12 , 1985 , Baku ) is an Azerbaijani weightlifter .
Kendel Hippolyte was born in Castries , the capital of St Lucia , and was educated at the University of the West Indies in Jamaica .
Gilberto Kassab ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʒiwˈbɛɾtʊ kaˈsab(ɪ ) ) or ( ʒiwˈbɛʁtu kaˈsab(i ) ) ; born 12 August 1960 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian politician , former mayor of São Paulo .
Kyle Helton ( born May 20 , 1986 in Birmingham , Alabama ) is an American soccer player who most recently played for Mjøndalen .
Arthur Abraham was born in Yerevan , Armenian SSR , Soviet Union on 20 February 1980 to parents Grigor and Sylvia Abrahamyan .
Paul - Martin Gallocher de Lagalisserie ( 29 May 1805 , Place Dauphine , Paris -- 5 August 1871 , Balbins , Isère ) was a French engineer .
Les Campbell ( born 26 July 1935 , Wigan ) is a footballer who played on the left wing in The Football League for Preston North End , Blackpool and Tranmere Rovers .
Musa Otieno ( born December 29 , 1973 in Nairobi ) is a Kenyan former soccer player .
Giorgio Salmoiraghi is an Italian painter and was born in Milan 26 November 1936 .
Nick Ienatsch ( born 1961/1962 in Eau Claire , Wisconsin ) is an American motorcycle Motorcycle racer , writer and motorcycle riding instructor .
Karim Ansarifard ( Persian : کریم انصاری‌فرد‎‎ ; born 3 April 1990 , Ardabil ) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a striker for Greek club Panionios and Iranian national team .
Fabricio Ortiz ( born March 17 , 1990 in Casilda ) is an Argentine footballer who most recently played for Jacksonville Armada FC in the North American Soccer League .
Luigi Longo was born in Fubine , in the province of Alessandria , Piedmont .
M. Ageyev ( Russian : М. Агеев ) is believed to be the nom - de - plume of Russian author Mark Lazarevich Levi ( Russian : Марк Ла́заревич Ле́ви ) , ( August 8 , 1898 , Moscow - August 5 , 1973 , Yerevan ) .
Dariusz Szwed ( born 25 April 1967 in Kraków ) is a Polish politician , feminist , activist and expert on green economy and sustainable development .
Karl Wahl was born as the thirteenth child of a boilerman in Aalen , then in the Kingdom of Württemberg , in 1892 .
Oskar Holtzmann ( 20 October 1859 , Stuttgart -- 1934 , Giessen ) was a German theologian who specialized in New Testament studies .
Iván Cervantes Montero ( Born 2 May 1982 ) is a Spanish motorcycle enduro racer from Cambrils ( Tarragona ) .
Sarah Miles was born in the small town of Ingatestone , Essex , in South East England ; her brother is film director , producer and screenwriter Christopher Miles .
George Tsisetski ( also Grzegorz Cisiecki ) ( born 24 November 1985 in Minsk ) is a Polish film director , screenwriter , dramatist and visual artist .
Cecile Pearl Witherington Cornioley CBE ( 24 June 1914 -- 24 February 2008 ) was a World War II SOE agent born in Paris to British parents .
Rob Neyer lived in the Kansas City area as a child and attended the University of Kansas After dropping out of college , he was soon hired as a research assistant by Bill James .
George Alexandru ( 21 November 1957 , Bucharest -- 1 January 2016 , Spitalul Fundeni , Bucharest ) was a Romanian film and theater actor .
Cal Bellini ( born Khalid Ibrahim on June 6 , 1935 ) is a former actor , a Malay originally from Singapore , who was cast in roles of mostly foreigners , Native Americans , or ethnic minorities , primarily on American television between 1960 and 1986 .
Byron Gallimore ( born in Puryear , Tennessee ) is an American record producer known for more than two decades of work in the field of country music .
Luciano Spinosi ( born May 9 , 1950 , Rome ) is an Italian former football coach and a former player .
Loukas Notaras was descended from a Greek family originally from Monemvasia ; his earliest ancestor whom we can identify in the surviving sources was one sebastos Paul , who captured the island of Kythera from the Venetians for the Emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos in 1270 .
David George Kendall was born on 15 January 1918 in Ripon , West Riding of Yorkshire , and attended Ripon Grammar School before attending Queen 's College , Oxford , graduating in 1939 .
Julia Timonina ( born January 6 , 1984 in Korolyov ( formerly Kaliningrad ) , Russia ) is a Russian fashion model , actress , television personality , and pop singer of the popular Russian girl band Mobilnye Blondinki ( Mobile Blondes ) .
Jury Chaščavacki , also spelled Yury Khashchavatski ( Belarusian : Юры Хашчавацкi , Russian : Юрий Иосифович Хащеватский ) ( born October 18 , 1947 in Odessa , Ukraine ) is a Belarusian film director and scenarist , known for his films Kavkazkie plenniki , Bahi Siarpa i Molata , Aranzhavyja Kamizelki , Dazhyts da lubovi and Obyknovennyj prezident .
Jacob Seebacher ( 1833 Germany -- August 18 , 1889 New York City ) was an American politician from New York .
Joseph Christian Lillie was born in Copenhagen to the master cabinetmaker Georg Friederich Lillie and his wife , Maria Eva Schils .
Frederick Raine was born May 13 , 1821 , in Minden , Prussia , modern day North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Nathaniel Thomas Wilson ( born July 20 , 1968 ) , better known by his stage name Kool G Rap ( or simply G Rap , and originally Kool Genius of Rap ) is an American rapper from the Corona neighborhood of Queens , New York City .
Birthe Kjær ( born in Aarhus on 1 September 1948 ) is a Danish singer who began her career in the late 1960s .
Giovanni Paolo Castelli ( 1659 - -1730 ) was an Italian painter , active in Rome painting still - life paintings of bowls of fruit and flowers .
Clement Clarke Moore ( July 15 , 1779 -- July 10 , 1863 ) was a writer and American Professor of Oriental and Greek Literature , as well as Divinity and Biblical Learning , at the General Theological Seminary of the Protestant Episcopal Church , in New York City .
Eugene Lee - Hamilton was born in London on 6 January 1845 and educated mainly in France and Germany .
Peter Bonu Johnson , also Peter Pierre Benoit Johnson , Bonu Yandeh Johnson ( born 10 May 1963 in Banjul ) is a Gambian professional football player and manager .
Henri Guisan was born in 1874 in Mézières , in the canton of Vaud , a Protestant part of French - speaking Switzerland .
Nicolas Poussin 's early biographer was his friend Giovanni Pietro Bellori , who relates that Poussin was born near Les Andelys in Normandy and that he received an education that included some Latin , which would stand him in good stead .
Thomas Mayr - Harting ( born 22 May 1954 in Epsom , Surrey ) is an Austrian diplomat .
Esther Bubley was born February 16 , 1921 in Phillips , Wisconsin , the fourth of five children of Russian Jewish immigrants Louis and Ida Bubley .
Abu Madyan was born in Cantillana ( Arabic : قطنيانة‎ ) , a small town about 35 km away from Seville , in 1126 .
Wilhelm Ule , sometimes referred to as Willi Ule ( 9 May 1861 in Halle an der Saale -- 13 February 1940 ) was a German geographer and limnologist .
Micheline Joubert ( born June 18 , 1945 in Paris ) is a French figure skater who competed in singles skating and pairs skating .
Ann Grete Nørgaard ( born 15 September 1983 ) is a Danish handballer playing for Viborg HK .
Wolfgang Danne ( born December 9 , 1941 in Hildesheim ) is a former West German pair skater .
Roberto Riva ( Monza , 23 October 1986 ) is an Italian artistic roller skaters , 10 times world champion at the Artistic Skating World Championship .
Khánh Ly was born to a traditional family and grew up in Hanoi .
Reid Paley ( born in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American singer , songwriter , and musician who has been performing and recording both solo and with his trio since the mid-1990s .
Leyla Achba was born in Istanbul into the Anchabadze dynasty as an Anchabadze princess , the daughter of an Abkhazian Prince Mehmed Refik Bey Achba and his wife Georgian Princess Mahsheref Emukhvari .
Martin Hiden ( born 11 March 1973 in Stainz ) is a former Austrian football player , who is currently assistant coach at FC Pasching .
Claudio Zmicală ( born 6 February 1993 in Baia Mare , Maramures County ) is a Romanian footballer who played for Baia Mare
A box in Dublin 's popular concert venue , the Olympia Theatre , carries a nameplate `` The Denis Hickie Box '' as it is where he tends to watch gigs from .
Jalaram Bapa was born in Virpur , Rajkot district , Gujarat , India in 1799 , on the seventh day of the Kartika month .
Mihails Arhipovs ( born 10 November 1984 in Sigulda ) is a former Latvian bobsledder who has competed since 2003 .
Yury Kurbyko ( Belarusian : Юрый Курбыка ; Russian : Юрий Курбыко ; born 26 February 1956 in Minsk ) is a retired Belarusian professional football player .
Gerlandino Messina ( born on July 22 , 1972 ) is a member of the Mafia in Sicily from Porto Empedocle .
Lisa St Aubin de Terán was born in 1953 ( to Joan Mary Murray and Jan Carew ) and brought up in Clapham in South London .
Silvio Scaglia ( born 1958 in Lucerne , Switzerland ) is an Italian telecoms entrepreneur .
Anaximander ( /əˌnæksᵻˈmændər/ ; Greek : Ἀναξίμανδρος Anaximandros ; c. 610 -- c. 546 BC ) was a pre - Socratic Greek philosopher who lived in Miletus , a city of Ionia ( in modern - day Turkey ) .
Rodrigo de Souza Cardoso , or better known as Souza ( born March 4 , 1982 , in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian football player .
Adolpho Washington ( born 7 September 1967 in Lexington , Kentucky ) is a retired professional boxer best known to hold the IBF Cruiser title for one fight .
Fernando Alves dos Santos ( born 23 March 1979 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) , also known as Fernando , is a naturalized Equatoguinean football defender .
Diran Kelekian ( Dikran Kelegian , Armenian : Տիրան Քէլէկեան , 1862 , Kayseri -- 1915 , Çankırı ) was an Ottoman Armenian journalist and professor of Ottoman University ( Istanbul ) .
Helle Frederiksen ( born 5 March 1981 in Odense , Funen ) is a Danish professional triathlete .
Sarah Gillespie is a British American singer songwriter and guitarist based in London .
Paris Moore - Williams ( born 8 April 1989 ) , better known by his stage name P Money , is an English Grime MC from Lewisham , South London who is also active in the dubstep scene .
Jean Maxence Berrou ( born September 5 , 1985 in Quimper , Finistère ) is a French modern pentathlete .
Melina Aslanidou ( born Symela Aslanidou 28 August 1974 in Stuttgart , Germany ) is a Greek singer .
Dmytro Korkishko ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Юрійович Коркішко , born 4 May 1990 in Cherkasy , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian football striker who played for FC Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Úrsula Corberó ( Barcelona , 11 August 1989 ) is a Spanish actress , best known for her role of Ruth in the Antena 3 series Física o Química .
Andrew Paul ( born Paul Andrew Herman ; 17 March 1961 in Mile End , East London ) is an English actor best known for playing PC Dave Quinnan in the ITV drama The Bill for 13 years .
Oliver Ernest Goonetilleke was born 20 October 1892 , fifth child and only son of Alfred Goonetilleke , postmaster at Trincomalee in the northeast of Ceylon .
Nguyễn Huy Hiệu was born in 1947 in Long Hải commune , Hải Hậu District , Nam Định to a peasant family .
Arthur Minasyan ( Armenian : Արթուր Հ. Մինասյան ; born 4 June 1977 in Yerevan , Soviet Union ) is an Armenian footballer , who currently plays for Ararat Yerevan .
Kronfeld was born in Vienna , the son of dentist also called Robert Kronfeld ( 1874 - -1946 ) , who was nephew of Adolf Kronfeld ( de ) ( doctor , writer ) , Ernst Moriz Kronfeld ( de ) ( botanist ) , both Galician Jews .
Jayanta Talukdar ( Assamese : জয়ন্ত তালুকদাৰ ) ( born 2 March 1986 in Guwahati ) is an Indian archer .
Karina Smirnoff was born in Kharkiv , Ukrainian SSR , former Soviet Union , and is of half Greek and half Russian descent .
Mark Mindler was born in Athens , Greece , to parents of German descent .
Alfred John West ( 1857 - -1937 ) was a British award - winning marine photographer in the Gosport firm of G. West and Sons from 1881 ( for an early reference see Exhibition Catalogue of the Photographic Society of Great Britain ) and from 1897 at the age of 40 , a pioneer cinematographer .
Luis Hernán Mosquera ( born 25 May 1989 in Leticia , Amazonas ) is a Colombian football midfield , who currently plays for Millonarios in the Categoría Primera A. Mosquera is a product of the Millonarios youth system and played with the Millonarios first team since January , 2009 .
Melanie Iglesias ( born June 18 , 1987 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American model and actress .
Łukasz Jasiński ( born October 13 , 1985 in Września ) is a Polish footballer who plays for ? .
Born Melinda Jacobson in Chicago , Illinois , at 15 she was adopted by her stepfather and changed her name to Linda Yellin .
Karl Rove was born in Denver , Colorado , the second of five children , and was raised in Sparks , Nevada .
Arthur Max Barrett was born in 1909 in the English town of Thaxted , in Essex , where he spent his boyhood .
Sjoerd Winkens ( born 4 May 1983 in Geleen ) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a left Back .
Gabriel Dias de Oliveira or simply Gabriel Dias ( born May 10 , 1994 in Francisco Morato ) , is a Brazilian football Defender .
Ranko Đorđić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Paнкo Ђopђић ; born January 1 , 1957 in Zenica ) is a Bosnian Serb football manager and former player .
Cláudio Adalberto Adão , or simply Cláudio Adão ( born in Volta Redonda , July 2 , 1955 ) , is a former Brazilian football player .
James Auchiah ( 1906 - -1974 ) was a Kiowa painter and one of the Kiowa Five from Oklahoma .
Dominique Arribagé ( born 11 May 1971 in Suresnes ) is a manager , former player and currently the manager of Toulouse in Ligue 1 .
His other groups would include the Adrian Rollini Quintette , The Adrian Rollini Trio ( primarily late 1930s ) and Adrian and his Tap Room Gang which was based in the Hotel President at 234 West 48th Street in New York City .
Born in Essaouira , in 1941 to a Moroccan Jewish family , André Azoulay was educated in Paris where he studied economics , journalism and international relations .
John Digweed ( born 1 January 1967 in Hastings , England ) is an English DJ , record producer and actor .
Foivos Delivorias ( Greek : Φοίβος Δεληβοριάς ) , born 29 September 1973 , is a Greek rock musician , singer , and songwriter from Kallithea , Attica .
Iván Guzmán de Rojas ( b. 1934 La Paz ) is a Bolivian research scientist and the creator of the multi - lingual translation system Atamiri .
Gert Andreas Alm ( born 19 June 1973 in Gällivare and grew up in Eskilstuna ) is a Swedish former football player .
Arshak Sarkissian ( Armenian : Արշակ Սարգսյան ; born December 26 , 1981 in Gyumri ) , is an Armenian painter artist .
Kaija Udras ( born December 4 , 1986 in Võru ) is an Estonian cross - country skier who has competed since 2005 .
Jason Massie ( born September 13 , 1984 in Liverpool ) is an English footballer who currently plays for Cataraqui Clippers in League1 Ontario .
Davide Viganò ( born 12 June 1984 in Carate Brianza ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental team Caja Rural--
Salvatore Cordileone was born in San Diego , California , and attended Crawford High School from 1971 to 1974 .
Thanasis Kavallaris ( Greek : Θανάσης Καβαλλάρης ) ( born 23 January 1988 in Amfilochia ) is a Greek footballer .
Boris Bakal ( born September 18 , 1959 in Zagreb ) is a theatre / film director and actor .
Born November 3 , 1944 , in Miami , Florida , Sandra Gulland ( née Zentner ) was brought up in Berkeley , California .
Monika Bergmann - Schmuderer ( born April 17 , 1978 in Lam ) is a German alpine skier .
Daniel Peixoto was born in the Aldeota district of Fortaleza , Ceará .
Born in 1902 in Small Heath , Birmingham , Bert Perrigo 's father was a baker but instead of following into the family bakery Bert got a job driving vans for a local motorcycle company .
Pietro Querini was a 15th - century sailing captain from the Republic of Venice .
Misha Ge was born in Moscow , Russian SFSR to skating coaches Larisa and Jun Ge .
Willard Lamb Velie ( 1866 -- October 24 , 1928 ) was a businessman based in Moline , Illinois .
A native of Poznań , Jakub Ignacy Łaszczyński first entered into the service of the Duchy of Warsaw around the time of his sixteenth birthday in 1807 .
Viljami Kalliokoski ( 15 May 1894 , in Halsua -- 20 January 1978 ) was a Finnish farmer and politician .
Maurice Joshua , also known just as Maurice , born in Chicago , Illinois , is a record producer who is most known for his laid back and soulful House music style remixes .
Bohuslav Reynek ( born 31 May 1892 at Petrkov Manor , Vysočina Region , Bohemia ; died 28 October 1971 , at Petrkov Manor ) was one of the most important Bohemian poets , writers , painters and translators of the 20th century .
Michael Haaß ( born on 12 December 1983 in Essen ) is a German handball player , playing for Frisch Auf Göppingen in Handball - Bundesliga .
Fabio Sabatini ( born 18 February 1985 in Pescia ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Etixx--
Tracy Anderson ( born March 3 , 1975 in Noblesville , Indiana , United States ) is an American multi - platform fitness / wellness entrepreneur and author .
Ashley Day Leavitt was born October 10 , 1877 , in Chicago , Illinois to Burke Fay and Lena ( Day ) Leavitt .
Shelton B. Sutton , Jr. , born in Brewton , Georgia , on 21 August 1919 .
Guido Ascoli ( Livorno , 12 December 1887 -- Torino , 10 May 1957 ) was an Italian mathematician , known for his contributions to the theory of partial differential equations , and for his works on the teaching of mathematics in secondary high schools .
Ella Ewing was born in La Grange , Missouri , the only child of Benjamin F. and Anna Eliza ( Herring ) Ewing .
Danella Lucioni ( born June 21 , 1984 ) is a Peru - born Italian model currently living in Los Angeles , California .
Zoran Gajić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Гајић ; born December 28 , 1958 in Pančevo ) is a Serbian volleyball trainer , who coaches Azerbaijani women 's volleyball club Rabita Baku .
Johnson Monteiro Pinto Macaba ( born November 23 , 1978 in Luanda ) , or simply Johnson Macaba , is an Angolan football striker .
Jon St. John ( born December 19 , 1960 in Newport News , Virginia ) is an American voice actor and singer .
Siegfried Rauch ( born April 2 , 1932 in Landsberg am Lech , Upper Bavaria ) is a German film and television actor .
Mark Shield ( born 2 September 1973 in Fortitude Valley , Queensland ) is a former Australian Football referee and national Director of Referees .
Klaus Hottinger was a shoemaker born in Zollikon .
Vadym Ivanov played in Unisport - Budstar Kiev , MFK Mytishchi , Viten Orsha , Lokomotiv Kharkiv , LTK Lugansk , Red Devils Chojnice and Sportleader Khmelnitsky .
Georg Lemberger ( c.1490 - -1500 , Landshut - c.1540 - -1545 ) was a German painter and woodcut artist .
Anne - Laure Casseleux ( born 13 January 1984 in Tarare ) is a French former football player who last played for French club Juvisy of the Division 1 Féminine .
Born in La Serena , he was son of Vice Admiral José Toribio Merino Saavedra , Navy Inspector General , and of Bertina Castro Varela .
Wolfgang Demtröder ( b. 5 September 1931 in Attendorn ) is a German physicist and spectroscopist .
David Gurfinkel ( born December 12 , 1938 in Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli cinematographer .
Leonhard Sohncke ( 22 February 1842 Halle -- 1 November 1897 München ) was a German mathematician who classified the 65 chiral space groups , sometimes called Sohncke groups .
Vladimir Ćorović was born in Mostar in Herzegovina , then under Ottoman sovereignty but under Austro - Hungarian administration , to a Serb Orthodox family involved in business .
Everton Ramos da Silva ( born 8 June 1983 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for China team Shanghai Shenxin .
Koji ( born Andrew Koji Shiraki , February 12 , 1987 , Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , United States ) is an American songwriter and activist .
Inés Arrimadas García ( Jerez de la Frontera , born July 3 , 1981 ) is one of the twenty five members of parliament the Parliament of Catalonia and is spokesperson for the Citizens party Catalonia .
John Fred Gourrier ( 8 May 1941 -- 14 April 2005 ) , known by the stage name John Fred , was a blue - eyed soul , swamp pop , R&R and R&B performer from Baton Rouge , Louisiana , best known for the song , `` Judy in Disguise ( With Glasses ) '' .
Inka Bause ( born 21 November 1968 in Leipzig ) is a Schlager singer , TV presenter and actress .
Joan McCall ( born January 31 , 1948 in Kentucky ) is an American screenwriter , producer , actress and religious minister .
Shen Longyuan ( simplified Chinese : 沈龙元 ; traditional Chinese : 沈龍元 ; pinyin : Shěn Lóngyuán ; born 2 March 1985 in Yangpu , Shanghai ) is a Chinese football player .
Édouard Beaupré was born in the southern Saskatchewan town of Willow Bunch on January 9 , 1881 .
Walter Borho ( born 17 December 1945 in Hamburg ) is a German mathematician , who works on algebra and number theory .
Juan Carlos de la Ossa ( born 25 November 1976 in Cuenca ) is a Spanish middle distance runner who mostly concentrates on the 5000 and 10,000 metres .
Andrew Stunell was born in Sutton , Surrey and educated at Surbiton County Grammar School for Boys ( moved to Thames Ditton as Esher County Grammar School with the former buildings becoming Hollyfield School , then became Esher College in 1977 ) on St Marks Hill in Surbiton , then studied Architecture at University of Manchester and Liverpool Polytechnic .
Karl August Senff ( 12 March 1770 in Kreypau , Prussia -- 2 January 1838 in Dorpat , Governorate of Livonia , Russian Empire ) was a Baltic German painter , engraver and teacher .
August Högn was born on 2 August 1878 , the middle of five children to married bookbinders Andreas and Helene Högn in Deggendorf .
Darren Lapthorne ( born 4 March 1983 in Melbourne ) is an Australian professional racing cyclist currently riding for Drapac Professional Cycling .
John Ery Coleman was born in Hamburg , Germany , the younger of two sons raised by Nathaniel Ragsdale Coleman , Sr . , and the former Frances Esders .
James Wharram ( born 15 May 1928 in Manchester , England ) is a multihull pioneer and designer of catamarans .
Maxwell Murray was born on June 19 , 1885 at West Point , New York as a son of Major general Arthur Murray , first Chief of Coast Artillery Corps and his wife Sarah Wetmore DeRussy , daughter of Union Brigadier general René Edward De Russy .
Coleman Livingston Blease was born to Henry Horatio Blease ( 1832 - 1892 ) and Mary Ann Livingston Blease ( 1830 - 1874 ) near the town of Newberry , South Carolina , on October 8 , 1868 , the year that South Carolina 's new Reconstruction constitution was adopted , and blacks began participating in public political life .
Ashley Fuller ( born 14 November 1986 in Bedford ) is an English footballer playing for Cambridge City .
Francesco Todaro ( 14 February 1839 -- 22 October 1918 ) was an Italian anatomist born in Tripi , a village in the province of Messina .
Amber Heard was born in Austin , Texas , the daughter of Patricia Paige ( née Parsons ) , an internet researcher , and David Clinton Heard , a contractor .
Ayhan Çarkın ( 1962 , Erzurum ) was a policeman .
Wang Xuanhong ( simplified Chinese : 王选宏 ; traditional Chinese : 王選宏 ; pinyin : Wáng Xuǎnhóng ; born July 24 , 1989 in Liaoning ) is a Chinese footballer , who currently plays for Qingdao Hainiu in the China League One .
Sally Long ( December 5 , 1901 -- August 12 , 1987 ) was a dancer and motion picture actress from Kansas City , Missouri .
Rudi Blesh ( January 21 , 1899 , Guthrie , Oklahoma -- August 25 , 1985 , Gilmanton , New Hampshire ) was an American jazz critic and enthusiast .
Ted Nace grew up in California and North Dakota in his hometown of Dickinson .
Gordon Johncock ( born August 25 , 1936 , in Hastings , Michigan ) is an American former racing driver , best known as a two - time winner of the Indianapolis 500 and the 1976 USAC Marlboro Championship Trail champion .
Tuomas Kytömäki ( born 14 February 1974 in Helsinki ) is a Finnish actor , who became known for his role as Aleksi Salin in the Finnish soap series Salatut elämät in years 1999 - -2004 , 2008 and 2014 .
Cebes of Thebes ( Greek : Κέβης , gen . : Κέβητος ; c. 430 -- 350 BCE ) was an Ancient Greek philosopher from Thebes remembered as a disciple of Socrates .
Ludwik Mycielski ( 13 April 1854 , Warsaw -- 6 January 1926 ) was a Polish politician , president of the National Council ( Rada Narodowa ) in 1913 .
E. E. Knight ( born March 7 , 1965 ) is the pen name for a science fiction and fantasy writer , Eric Frisch , born in La Crosse , Wisconsin .
Hans - Peter Steinacher ( born September 9 , 1968 in Zell am See ) is an Austrian sailor and Olympic champion .
Gabriella Bábi - Szottfried ( née Gabriella Szottfried ; born 1966 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Vác ( Pest County II ) from 2010 to 2014 .
Joseph Anthony was born as Joseph Deuster in Milwaukee , Wisconsin on May 24 , 1912 .
José López Portillo y Rojas ( May 26 , 1850 -- May 22 , 1923 ) , born in Guadalajara , Jalisco , was a Mexican lawyer , politician and man - of - letters .
Dean Ljubančić ( born 25 August 1969 in Rijeka ) is a retired Croatian football player who played for Rijeka in the Yugoslav First League , Rijeka , Pazinka and Orijent in the Croatian First Football League , and Oldenburg in German Regionalliga Nord .
Arnold Blanch ( born June 4 , 1896 -- died 1968 ) , was born and raised in Mantorville , Minnesota .
Iyad Burnat ( born September 1973 ) leads Bil'in 's non - violent struggle in the occupied West Bank .
Born in Fortaleza , capital of Ceará state , Anderson Martins started his career with Bahia club Vitória .
Delfine Persoon ( Gits , 14 January 1985 ) is a Belgian boxer and the reigning WBC , IBF , WIBA- and WIBF world champion in the lightweight class .
Laëtitia Le Corguillé ( born July 29 , 1986 in Saint - Brieuc ) is a French BMX racer and Olympic athlete who won the silver medal in BMX at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games .
Carl Rowan was born in Ravenscroft , Tennessee , the son of Johnnie , a cook and cleaner , and Thomas Rowan , who stacked lumber .
Dada Chan Ching is an ethnic Chinese actress and model under Jacso Entertainment based in Hong Kong .
Raj Sogivalu ( born 19 January 1990 , Funafuti ) is a Tuvaluan footballer who currently plays for Nauti FC .
Franco Casalini ( Milan , 1 January 1952 ) is an Italian basketball coach .
Adam Ptáčník ( born 4 December 1985 in Pardubice ) is a Czech amateur track cyclist .
`` Julian Gumperz was an assistant at the Institute for Social Research ( Institut für Sozialforschung ) at Frankfurt am Main in Germany , one of the lesser known communist proponents of the Frankfurt School .
Jerry Fodor was born in New York City in 1935 , of Jewish descent .
Yevgeniy Timoshenko ( Ukrainian : Євген Тимошенко , Yevhen Tymoshenko , born 1988 in Kharkiv ) is a Ukrainian poker player .
Booth 's father was a Wall Street stock broker and her mother was an actress who had moved to the state of New York after Connie Booth 's birth in Indianapolis , Indiana .
Adrienne Pierce ( born 1968 ) , is a Canadian singer from West Vancouver .
Nora Marlowe ( September 5 , 1915 -- December 31 , 1977 ) was an American film and television character actress originally from Worcester , Massachusetts , who was best known for her role from 1973 to 1977 as Flossie Brimmer in twenty - seven episodes of the CBS family drama , The Waltons .
Lauren Wood ( born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an American singer - songwriter , voice - over artist and producer .
The son of Ziarat Hossain Khan and Zohra Khatun , who lived in Singair Upazila , Manikganj District , Khan Ataur Rahman was born on 11 December 1928 .
Roberto Bettega ( Italian pronunciation : ( roˈbɛrto ˈbɛtteɡa ) ; born 27 December 1950 in Turin , Piedmont ) is an Italian former footballer .
María del Barrio is a Spanish actress born 5 July 1989 in the town of Alcalá de Henares , Madrid .
Kyi Soe Tun is the son of Daw Hla and her husband U Tun in Yangon .
Molly Lefebure was born in the London Borough of Hackney on 6 October 1919 , the daughter of Charles Hector Lefebure OBE ( 1941 Birthday Honours ) and Elizabeth Cox .
Andrei Petrovich Kiselyov ( Андрей Петрович Киселёв , b. Mtsensk November 30 , 1852 , d. Leningrad , November 8 , 1940 ) was a Russian and Soviet mathematician .
Luis Pérez - Sala Valls - Taberner ( born 15 May 1959 in Barcelona ) is a Spanish former racing driver who competed in Formula One , Formula 3 , Formula 3000 and Touring Cars .
Ibrahim Köse ( born 4 March 1992 in Lahti ) is a Finnish footballer of Turkish descent currently playing for Finnish Veikkausliiga club FC Ilves .
Ivano Balić ( born 1 April 1979 in Split ) is a former Croatian handballer , world and Olympic champion .
Randy West ( born September 29 , 1953 , New York City ) is an American television personality , best known for his work on game shows .
Baker was born in Woolwich , England , son of Richard Thomas Baker , a blacksmith , and his wife Sarah , née Colkett .
Valery Panov was born in Vitebsk , Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic ( present - day Vitebsk , Belarus ) in 1938 .
Milt Larkin ( October 10 , 1910 , Navasota , Texas -- August 31 , 1996 ) was an American jazz trumpeter , bandleader and singer .
Dariusz Brytan ( born April 16 , 1967 in Wrocław ) was a Polish footballer , and is now a football trainer in the Polish Premier League .
Kenny Wharton ( born November 28 , 1960 in Newcastle upon Tyne ) is an English former professional footballer , who was most recently academy coach for Newcastle United .
Carlo Besozzi ( 1738 -- 22 March 1791 ) was an Italian oboist composer and member of an extensive family of oboists from the eighteenth - century Naples .
Robert Hunecke - Rizzo ( 17.06.1971 in Hamburg ) is a German bass player , guitarist and drummer , known for his work with Heavens Gate , Luca Turilli , and Kamelot .
Gilson Gomes do Nascimento ( born 15 May 1986 in Campo Grande ) , simply known as Gilson , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a left back for Ponte Preta .
Li Shanshan ( Chinese : 李珊珊 ; pinyin : Lǐ Shānshān ; born February 22 , 1992 in Huangshi , Hubei ) is a Chinese gymnast who is especially strong on balance beam .
John Lennon , fullname John Lennon Silva Santos ( Goiânia , December 29 , 1991 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays in Brazilian Série B for Atlético Goianiense as a Left back .
Nigel Whitmey ( born 23 February 1963 ) is a Canadian - born British actor who was born in Alberta , Canada , who has appeared in TV series and films .
Kitty O'Neil , born March 24 , 1946 in Corpus Christi , Texas , is an American former stuntwoman and racer noted for a handful of exceptional accomplishments , despite becoming deaf when she was four months old .
John Guedel , ( Oct. 9 , 1913 , Portland , Indiana -- Dec. 14 , 2001 , Los Angeles , California ) was a radio and television producer who co - created and produced Art Linkletter 's and Groucho Marx 's most important and successful broadcast properties , including You Bet Your Life and People Are Funny .
She was born as Mary Sean Young in Louisville , Kentucky , daughter of Donald Young Jr. , a television producer and journalist , and Lee Guthrie ( born Mary Lee Kane ) , a screenwriter , public relations executive , and journalist .
Paul Preiss ( born in Port Huron , Michigan on 9 June 1980 ) is an American actor and model .
Stuart MacBride was born Feb 27 1969 in Dumbarton , Scotland and raised in Aberdeen .
Shawn Hatosy was born in Frederick , Maryland , to Carol Ann ( née Owens ) , a loan officer , and Wayne Thomas Hatosy , a graphic designer .
Xavier Musca ( born 23 February 1960 in Bastia , Corsica ) is a French economist , writer , and public administrator .
Peter E. Hodgson ( 27 November 1928 , London -- 8 December 2008 ) was a British physicist , who also wrote about the philosophy of physics and social issues , and was an active Roman Catholic .
Andrew Shaffer is a United States author , who was born in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , United States .
Egidius Slanghen ( 23 August 1820 -- 12 October 1882 ) was the mayor of Hoensbroek ( now part of Heerlen ) from 11 March 1855 till his death and a historian .
Daan Huiskamp ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈdaːn ˈɦœy̯skɐɱp ) ; born November 10 , 1985 in Eerbeek , Brummen , Gelderland ) is a Dutch footballer .
Bidu Sayão was born to a cultured family in Botafogo , Rio de Janeiro .
Bruno Cazarine Constantino , also known as Bruno Cazarine ( born 6 May 1983 , in Mogi das Cruzes , São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker .
Franco Causio ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈfraŋko ˈkauzjo ) ; born 1 February 1949 in Lecce ) is an Italian , World Cup winning former footballer who played for Juventus for many years in the 1970s and 1980s .
Jun Fukuda ( 福田純 , February 17 , 1923 Manchuria - December 3 , 2000 ) was a Japanese film director , writer and producer .
Emilio Martín Hidalgo Conde ( born June 15 , 1976 in Lima ) , commonly known as Martín Hidalgo is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a left wingback for Los Caimanes in the Peruvian Segunda División .
Addis Mussa ( born September 14 , 1976 , in Munich ) , better known by his stage names Addis & Raptile , is a German - Ethiopian artist , producer and songwriter .
Ilija Stanić ( born 19 October 1945 ) is believed to have assassinated Vjekoslav Luburić , a Croatian Ustasha General responsible for war crimes in Jasenovac concentration camp during World War II . Stanić was born at Čelebići near Konjic , Yugoslavia .
Allen Baron ( born in 1927 , Brooklyn , New York , USA ) is an American actor , film and television director .
Mathis Künzler ( born June 13 , 1978 in Basel ) is a Swiss film , television and stage actor .
Nataly Chilet Bustamante ( born c. 1985 ) , is a beauty pageant contestant from Santiago , Chile .
Biagio Rossetti ( c. 1447 -- 1516 ) was an Italian architect and urbanist from Ferrara .
André Luiz de Oliveira Regatieri or simply André Luiz ( born February 13 , 1983 in Santo Antônio da Platina - PR ) , is a Brazilian right back who plays for Marcílio Dias in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série D.
Harald Ringstorff ( born 25 September 1939 in Wittenburg , Mecklenburg ) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) and was minister - president of the state of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern .
Robert Rodat ( born Keene , New Hampshire , 1953 ) is an American film and television writer and television producer .
Willem Frederik Hermans was born on 1 September 1921 in Amsterdam to Johannes ( ' Johan ' ) Hermans ( 1879 - 1967 ) and Hendrika ( ' Rika ' ) Hillegonda Hermans - Eggelte ( 1884 - 1967 ) , who already had a daughter , Cornelia ( ' Corry ' ) Geertruida ( 1918 - 1940 ) .
Marcela Said Cares ( born in Santiago ) is a Chilean filmmaker .
Jeff Nichols ( born December 7 , 1978 ) is an American film director and screenwriter from Little Rock , Arkansas .
Janvier Besala Bokungu ( born 30 January 1989 in Kinshasa ) is a Congolese football ( soccer ) Defender .
Sven Helbig ( born in Eisenhüttenstadt ) is a German composer , director and music producer .
Agnaldo Rayol ( born Agnaldo Coniglio Rayol on May 5 , 1938 in Niterói ) is a Brazilian singer and actor .
Luis Fernando Suárez Guzmán ( born December 23 , 1959 in Medellín ) is a Colombian retired football player .
Ahmad ibn Yusuf was born in Baghdad and moved with his father to Damascus in 839 .
Robert Whitman ( born 1935 in New York City ) is an American artist best known for his seminal theater pieces of the early 1960s combining visual and sound images , actors , film , slides , and evocative props in environments of his own making .
Elijah Phillips was born in Fitzwilliam , New Hampshire on April 11 , 1809 , son , and one of ten total children of Elijah Phillips .
Pavel Korin was born in the village of Palekh ( now in Ivanovo Oblast ) to a family of a professional icon - painter Dmitry Nikolayevich Korin .
Peter Marti ( born 12 July 1952 in Langenthal ) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a striker during the 1970s and 1980s .
Oleksandr Yurkov ( Ukrainian : Олександр Юрков ; born 21 July 1975 in Dnipropetrovsk ) is a Ukrainian decathlete .
Viktoras Muntianas ( born 11 November 1951 in Marijampolė , Lithuanian SSR ) is a Lithuanian politician of Moldovan descent and former Speaker of the Seimas .
Malin Ewerlöf - Krepp ( born 2 June 1972 in Gävle ) is retired Swedish athlete who competed in the middle - distance events .
Hristo Stoichkov ( Bulgarian : Христо Стоичков Стоичков ; born 8 February 1966 in Plovdiv ) is a retired Bulgarian footballer who is currently a football commentator for Univision Deportes .
Dudley Knowles ( /noʊlz/ ; 1947 , Lancashire -- 26 October 2014 ) was a British political philosopher and professor at Glasgow University .
Richard Prokas ( born 22 January 1976 ) in Penrith , England , is a retired English professional footballer who played as a midfileder for Cambridge United and Carlisle United in the Football League .
Michael Lazarovitch is a Canadian actor who was born near Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Isabel Gillies ( born February 9 , 1970 , in New York City , New York ) is an actress and author .
Edoardo Menichelli was born in Serripola in San Severino Marche in province of Macerata and the Diocese of San Severino Marche on 14 October 1939 .
Jim Sykes was born in Rapid City , South Dakota and moved to Alaska ca .
Heike Meißner ( born 29 January 1970 in Dresden ) is a retired German athlete .
Crespin Carlier was born in Laon in the Picardy region of northern France around 1560 .
Mauro Marchano ( born 15 January 1980 in Rosario ) is an Argentine footballer .
Brian Pinas ( born December 29 , 1978 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch professional football player of Surinamese descent .
Roy Bean was born in 1825 in Mason County , Kentucky , the youngest of five ( four sons and a daughter ) of Phantly Roy Bean , Sr . , and the former Anna Henderson Gore .
Sal Abruscato ( born July 18 , 1970 , Brooklyn , New York ) is a former drummer for Type O Negative .
Anitere Flores ( born September 8 , 1976 in Miami , Florida ) is a Republican member of the Florida Senate , a body in which she represents the 37th District .
The eldest of seven children of Catholic immigrants from Belfast , Northern Ireland , Pete Hamill was born in the Park Slope section of Brooklyn .
Martin J. Sullivan , OBE , ( born 1955 in Essex , England ) , is the former Deputy Chairman of Willis Group Holdings plc ( NYSE : WSH ) and Chairman and CEO of its , Willis Global Solutions , which oversees brokerage and risk management advisory services for Willis 's multinational and global accounts .
Halldor Skard ( born April 11 , 1973 in Oslo ) is a former Norwegian nordic combined skier who competed from 1990 to 2000 .
Alfredo Dugès ( birth name- Alfred Auguste Delsescautz Dugès ) ; ( April 16 , 1826 - January 7 , 1910 ) was a French - born , Mexican physician and naturalist born in Montpellier .
Marline Barberena ( born May 24 , 1987 in Miami ) is a Nicaraguan - American beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Nicaragua 2014 and represented Nicaragua at Miss Universe 2014 .
Philippe Galli ( 8 July 1956 , Strasbourg ) is a French prefect .
Gilles Cistac was born in 1961 in the French city of Toulouse .
Sofia Ahlbom was born in Västerås , the daughter of a goldsmith .
Agnes Denes ( Dénes Ágnes ; Budapest , 1931 ) is a Hungarian - born American conceptual artist based in New York .
Lukas Wilaschek ( born April 30 , 1981 in Katowice , Upper Silesia , Poland ) is a German boxer who won several medals at major events as an amateur .
Dionysius Rodotheatos ( Greek : Διονύσιος Ροδοθεάτος , Italian : Dionisio Rodoteato ; 1849 , Ithaca -- 1892 , Corfu ) was a Greek conductor and composer .
Simone Augustin also Simone Roßkamp ( born 23 November 1976 in Heinsberg ) is a German journalist and author .
Bruno Gerussi ( 7 May 1928 -- 21 November 1995 ) was a Canadian television actor born in Medicine Hat , Alberta , best known for the lead role in the CBC Television series The Beachcombers .
Phil Joanou ( born November 20 , 1961 in La Cañada Flintridge , California ) is an American film director and music video director .
Fabrizio Barchi ( born 1957 in Ostia , Rome ) is an Italian choir conductor .
Hewetson was born in Thomastown , County Kilkenny , Ireland , in 1737/8 the son of Lieutenant Christopher Hewetson whose ancestry was from Yorkshire .
Mustapha Ourrad was born in the village of Aït Larbâa ( now Beni Yenni ) on 21 June 1954 .
Arvo Askola ( 2 December 1909 , Valkeala -- 23 November 1975 ) was a Finnish long - distance runner , who won silver medals in the 10,000 m event at the 1936 Olympics and 1934 European Championships .
Ellen Hanley was born in Lorain , Ohio and made her Broadway debut in Annie Get Your Gun in 1946 playing the part of `` Mary '' .
Simon Hilton ( born 1967 near Bournemouth ) is an English music video , concert and documentary director and editor and multimedia creative based in London .
Tuuve Aro ( born 1973 ) is a Finnish author , who was born and lives in Helsinki .
Dariush Farziaei ( Persian : داریوش فرضیایی‎ , known as Amo - Pourang , Persian : عموپورنگ‎ , born 1973 in Tehran ) is an Iranian presenter and voice actor in the field of children 's programs .
Valeri Kikta ( October 22 , 1941 , in Volodymyrivka , Donetsk Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian classical composer .
Yoon Kwang - ung ( born October 13 , 1942 in Busan ) is a retired Vice Admiral of the Republic of Korea Navy & former South Korean Minister of National Defense .
Usama Alshaibi ( Arabic : أسامة الشيبي‎ ) ( born in Baghdad , Iraq on November 20 , 1969 ) is an Iraqi - American independent filmmaker and visual artist .
The architect and renovator Vicko Andrić was born in Trogir on March 23 , 1793 .
Hassan Souari ( Arabic : حسن صواري‎ ) ( born 24 December 1984 in Settat ) is a Moroccan footballer , who currently plays for Hassania Agadir .
Andrei Nechita ( born 29 May 1988 in Vaslui ) is a Romanian professional road racing cyclist riding for the Tusnad Cycling Team .
Valgerd Svarstad Haugland ( born 23 August 1956 in Kvam ) is a Norwegian teacher , politician and civil servant .
Alexis Alexandris , sometimes wrongly called Alekos Alexandris , ( born 21 October 1968 in Kiato ) is a Greek former football striker .
Valérie Quennessen was born in Boulogne - Billancourt , near Paris and dedicated much of her childhood to pursuing her dream of becoming an acrobat .
Pat Thornton ( born September 5 , 1976 in Kingston , Ontario ) is a Canadian television actor and sketch comedian .
Henry Howe was born in New Haven , Connecticut , the son of a publisher and printer , whose bookstore was one of the most famous in the country .
Tim Mälzer ( born 22 January 1971 in Elmshorn ) is a German television chef .
He was the son of John Theyer ( d. 1631 ) , and grandson of Thomas Theyer of Brockworth , Gloucestershire , and was born there in 1597 .
Marcello Salazar M. Bergo ( born March 27 , 1981 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist .
Yaakov Weiss was born in 1924 in Nové Zámky , Czechoslovakia , to a Jewish family , the son of Joseph and Helena Weiss .
Aacharya Nand Dulare Bajpai ( हिन्दी : आचार्य नन्ददुलारे बाजपेई ) was born in the village Magrair , Unnao .
Denise Gordy , born in Detroit , Michigan , is the daughter of George and Rosemary Gordy and sister of Patrice and George Gordy , Jr. , among others .
Lucrezia Crivelli ( 27 July 1452 -- 27 May 1508 ) ) was a mistress of Ludovico Sforza , il Moro , Duke of Milan .
Hélie de Saint Marc entered the French resistance ( network resistance of Jade - Amicol ) in February 1941 , at the age of 19 after assisting in Bordeaux at the arrival of the Army and French Authorities when the country was fully engaged in its events .
Reginald Evans ( born 18 March 1939 ) in Consett , County Durham ) is a former footballer for Newcastle United from 1956 to 1959 .
Born at Donnycarney , Porter was the son of Andrew Marshall Porter , Sr . ( later 1st Baronet ) , a lawyer who was an MP for Londonderry and served variously as Ireland 's Solicitor - General , Attorney - General , and Master of the Rolls .
Tanya Wilson ( born June 13 , 1950 ) is a beauty queen from Honolulu , Hawaii who held the Miss USA 1972 title .
José Tagle y Santarin ( March 18 , 1854 in Barangay Luma , Imus , Cavite -- 1902 ) was roled in the Battle of Imus .
Patricia Paquin ( born October 25 , 1968 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a television personality from Quebec .
Georgi Bradistilov , the only son of a high - ranked civil servant at Bulgarian Ministry of Finance , Delcho Bradistilov , and Nona Bradistilova ( née Motekova ) , was born on October 12 , 1904 in Panagyurishte .
Dimitrios Tsiamis ( Greek : Δημήτριος Τσιάμης ; born 12 January 1982 in Karditsa ) is a Greek triple jumper .
Bernard Zénier ( born August 21 , 1957 in Giraumont , Meurthe - et - Moselle ) is a French former professional football ( soccer ) player .
Edmund Stoiber was born in Oberaudorf in the district of Rosenheim , Bavaria .
Born in Shanghai , Soong Ai - ling arrived in the United States at the Port of San Francisco , California on June 30 , 1904 , aboard the SS Korea at the age of 14 to begin her education at Wesleyan College in Macon , Georgia .
Chris Dreja ( born 11 November 1945 , Surbiton , England ) is a musician , best known for playing rhythm guitar and bass in the British band , The Yardbirds .
Robert Změlík ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈrobɛrt ˈzmɲɛliːk ) ) ( born April 18 , 1969 in Prostějov ) is a Czech track and field athlete who won a gold medal in Olympic decathlon in 1992 .
Élizabeth Tshala Muana Muidikay , alias Tshala Muana , ( Lubumbashi , May 13 , 1958 ) is a singer and dancer from Congo - Kinshasa .
Alban Butler was born in 1710 , at Appletree , Northamptonshire , the second son of Simon Butler , Esq . Orphaned at the age of eight , he was sent to be educated at the English College , Douai , in France .
Roland Nenaj ( born 28 November 1978 in Vlorë ) is a former Albanian professional footballer who is now the head coach of Bylis Ballsh in the Albanian Superliga .
Ronnie Nolan ( born October 1933 in Ringsend , Dublin ) is a former Irish International football player .
Jean - Pierre Delaunay ( born 17 January 1966 in Sainte - Adresse ) is a French former footballer who spent most of his career with Le Havre AC , making 315 appearances for Le HAC , a club record .
Christoph Poppen ( born 9 March 1956 in Münster ) is a German conductor , violinist and academic teacher .
Sibi Malayil is also the president of the Film Employees ' Federation of Kerala ( FEFKA ) .
Hanna Śleszyńska ( born April 11 , 1959 in Warsaw ) is a Polish film , television and theater actress .
Galeazzo Ghidoni or Gidoni ( Cremona , late 16th century - early 17th century ) was an Italian painter .
Thomas Wedders , born in Yorkshire , England in the 18th century , had the world 's longest nose .
Osamu Hamanaka ( 濱中 治 , born July 9 , 1978 in Tanabe , Wakayama ) is a former Japanese professional baseball player .
Robert Ledley was born on June 28 , 1926 in Flushing Meadows , Queens , New York City , USA .
Nina Repeta ( born September 10 , 1967 in Shelby , North Carolina ) is an American actress best known for her role as Bessie Potter on the television drama Dawson 's Creek , which aired from 1998 to 2003 .
Sébastien Vieilledent ( born August 26 , 1976 in Cannes , Alpes - Maritimes ) is a 2004 French rowing gold medallist .
Michael Benjamin Lerner is a musician from Seattle , Washington , who is signed to Merge Records .
Norm Nielsen , Born February 17 , 1934 in Kenosha , Wisconsin , is an American magician and business owner .
Hurd , a native of Kansas City , Missouri , later worked for Paul Terry 's Terrytoons studio before starting his own Earl Hurd Productions studio in 1923 .
Bertram Beierlorzer ( born 31 May 1957 in Neunkirchen am Brand ) is a German football coach and a former player .
David Chevallereau ( born April 10 , 1969 , in Saintes , Charente - Maritime , France ) is a former professional footballer .
Teresa Susan Donohue ( May 1869 -- April 1932 ) , better known as Tessie Wall was an American madam who owned and operated brothels in San Francisco , California from 1898 to 1917 .
Bernd Brexendorf ( born 21 October 1954 in Bremerhaven ) is a former German professional football player who became a physician .
Sophie Auster ( born July 6 , 1987 in Brooklyn , New York City ) is an American singer / songwriter and actress .
Achaeus of Eretria ( Ancient Greek : Ἀχαιός ; born 484 BC in Euboea ) was a Greek playwright author of tragedies and satyr plays , variously said to have written 24 , 30 , or 44 plays , of which 19 titles are known :
Kwamé Ryan ( born 1970 , Toronto ) is a Canadian conductor of Trinidadian descent .
Boyd Raeburn was born in Faith , South Dakota , and became one of the greatest and least - known of jazz bandleaders during the 1940s .
Robert Bernardis ( 7 August 1908 in Innsbruck -- 8 August 1944 in Berlin - Plötzensee ) was an Austrian resistance fighter involved in the attempt to kill German dictator Adolf Hitler in the 20 July Plot in 1944 .
Simon Morgan ( born 5 September 1966 in Birmingham ) is a former professional footballer , who most famously played for Fulham and Leicester .
Helmut Schlesinger ( born 4 September 1924 in Penzberg ) is a German economist and former President of the Bundesbank .
Shahram Gholami , born in Tehran in 1974 , is an Iranian Oudplayer .
Irina Grigorieva is a Russian former football who played mainly for CSK VVS Samara and SPARTAK Moscow .
Oleksandr Melaschenko ( Ukrainian : Олександр Петрович Мелащенко ) ( born 13 December 1978 in Poltava , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian footballer , who currently plays for FC Nove Zhyttya in the Poltava Oblast league .
Norman Giller ( born 18 April 1940 , Stepney , East End , London ) is an English author , a sports historian and television scriptwriter , who in October 2015 had his 100th book published .
Kees van Dongen was born in Delfshaven , then on the outskirts , and today a borough , of Rotterdam .
Mykola Babak ( Ukrainian : Микола Бабак , 10 June 1954 ) is a Ukrainian artist , writer , publisher , and art collector from Cherkasy Oblast .
James Cullen Landis was the middle of three siblings ( two sons and a daughter ) raised by Lulan and Margaret ( née Cullen ) Landis in Nashville , Tennessee , where his father supported his family as a stock broker .
Cecília Dassi ( born December 6 , 1989 , in Esteio , Rio Grande do Sul ) is a Brazilian actress famous for her work on Rede Globo soap operas .
Tilo Prückner ( born 26 October 1940 ) in Augsburg is a German television and film actor .
Born as Chang Cheng - Min ( or Tsan Cheng - Min , varying sources ) , Father Beda Chang was a priest and the dean of faculty of arts at Shanghai 's Aurora University .
Francis Reynald Wewengkang ( born 10 January 1971 in Manado ) usually called Francis Wewengkang or Enal , is a former Indonesian football player .
After a difficult season in Blanc - Mesnil , and coming back from injury , in June 2012 , Wesley Ngo Baheng sign a contract federal to fc Dieppe .
Valentina Pistoli ( born 1928 ) is the first Albanian woman architect , born in Korçë .
Zoran Stefanović ( pronounced ( zɔ̌.ran stefǎːnoʋitɕ ) , Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Стефановић , born 21 November 1969 in Loznica ) is an award - winning Serbian author , publisher and cultural activist , best known as the founder of several cultural networks , including Project Rastko .
Elita Löfblad ( born Helita Mariam Löfblad Letelier , 16 August 1980 in Chile ) is a Swedish model and reality show contestant , being one of the housemates on Big Brother , which saw her get fans in Norway and throughout Scandinavia .
Thomas Dufter ( born December 20 , 1966 in Inzell ) is a former German nordic combined skier who competed during the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Đuro Živković , also rendered as Djuro Zivkovic ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ђуро Живковић ; born 1975 in Belgrade ) , is a Serbian - Swedish composer and violinist .
Rafael Nuritdinov ( born 12 June 1977 in Fergana ) was an Uzbek road racing cyclist .
Sultan Husayn Mirza Bayqara ( Persian : حسین بایقرا‎‎ / Husayn Bāyqarā ) was born in Herat in June--
Eros Capecchi ( born 13 June 1986 in Castiglione del Lago ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Astana . He turned professional with Liquigas - Bianchi in 2005 before moving to Saunier Duval - Scott in 2008 .
Alexey Pivovarov ( Russian : Алексей Пивоваров ) ( born 12 June 1974 , Moscow ) is a Russian journalist working for NTV .
Fedja Marušič ( born October 10 , 1971 in Solkan ) is a Slovenian slalom canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-2000s ( decade ) .
Kim Woodburn ( born Patricia Mary McKenzie ; 25 March 1942 , Portsmouth , Hampshire ) is an English television presenter and expert cleaner who is best known for co - presenting the British television programme How Clean Is Your House ? and in 2007 , starred in the Canadian series Kim 's Rude Awakenings .
Irwin Kra ( born January 5 , 1937 in Poland ) is an American mathematician , who works on the function theory in complex analysis .
Richard Schallert ( born 21 April 1964 in Brand in Vorarlberg ) is an Austrian former ski jumper who competed from 1982 to 1988 .
Hans Werner Olm ( Born Hans Olm , 1 February 1955 in Bochum ) is a German television and film comedian .
Ghislaine Arabian was born and raised in Croix in the department of Nord near Roubaix .
Francesco Chicchi ( born 27 November 1980 in Camaiore ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental team Androni - Sidermec .
Margunn Bjørnholt ( born 9 October 1958 in Bø , Telemark ) is a Norwegian sociologist and economist .
Marina Tchebourkina studied music at the Moscow State Tchaikovsky Conservatory and graduated summa cum laude in organ and musicology in 1989 .
Charles Duncan Michener ( September 22 , 1918 -- November 1 , 2015 ) was an American entomologist born in Pasadena , California .
Damir Mikec ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дамир Микец ; born March 31 , 1984 in Split , Croatia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian sport shooter .
Kristine Bayley ( born 22 June 1983 in Perth ) is an Australian professional track cyclist .
Hassler Whitney was born on March 23 , 1907 , in New York City , where his father Edward Baldwin Whitney was the First District New York Supreme Court judge .
Aino Kannisto ( born in 1973 in Espoo , Finland ) is a photographic artist who lives and works in Helsinki .
Born in London , Mary Elizabeth Braddon was privately educated .
Abhijit Bhaduri was raised in New Delhi .
Ronny Yu Yan - Tai ( Chinese : 于仁泰 ) is a Hong Kong film director , producer , and movie writer .
Pablo Alberto Cerioni , known as Alberto Cerioni , Paolo Cerioni or Alberto Paolo Cerioni ( born October 1 , 1919 in La Plata ; died in 1948 ) was an Argentine professional football player .
Graham Hay ( born 27 November 1965 ) is a Scottish footballer , who played for Stranraer , Falkirk , Stirling Albion , Clydebank and Airdrieonians .
Ashley Long ( born 8 June 1979 in London , England ) is the stage name of a British former pornographic actress .
Alfonso Giacomo Gaspare Corti ( 22 June 1822 -- 2 October 1876 ) was born at Gambarana , near Pavia in 1822 .
Napoleone Verga ( Perugia , February 1833 − Nice , 1916 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of illuminated manuscripts , but also of paintings .
Pablo Urtasun Pérez ( born 29 March 1980 in Urdiain , Navarre ) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental team Funvic Soul Cycles--
Giovanni Federico ( born 4 October 1980 in Hagen , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German -- born Italian footballer who plays for TuS Ennepetal .
Lawyer , educator , and legislator , Mariano Marcos was born in Batac , Ilocos Norte on April 21 , 1897 to Fabian Marcos and Cresencia Rubio .
Ostasio II da Polenta ( died 1396 ) was an Italian condottiero and lord of Ravenna .
Ah Xian ( Born 1960 in Beijing ) is a Chinese born artist based in Sydney , Australia .
Etienne Stott MBE ( born 30 June 1979 in Manchester ) is an English slalom canoeist who has competed since the early 2000s initially in the K-1 category , but later on switching to C-2 .
Pierre de Boissat ( 1603 in Vienne , Isère -- 28 March 1662 ) was a soldier , writer , poet and translator .
Kurt Jarasinski ( 6 November 1938 in Elpersbüttel -- 27 October 2005 in Langerwehe ) was a German equestrian and Olympic champion .
Cynthia Wade is an American television , commercial and film director , producer and cinematographer based in New York City .
Hidde Sjoerds de Vries ( 22 December 1645 , Sexbierum - 1 July 1694 , North Sea ) , was a Dutch commander , like his uncle Tjerk Hiddes de Vries .
Marcus Schmickler ( born November 15 , 1968 in Cologne ) is a German composer , musician and producer .
Pål Anders Ullevålseter ( born 7 December 1968 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian rally raid motorcycle rider .
Dentaa was born in Juaso , in the Ashanti Region of Ghana , but moved with her family to the UK at the age of five .
Wayne Stenehjem was born in Mohall , North Dakota , and he graduated from Bismarck High School in 1971 and Bismarck State College in 1972 .
Taylor Hollingsworth is a singer / songwriter and guitarist from Birmingham , Alabama .
Jan Willem Pieneman was born on 4 November 1779 in Abcoude in the Dutch Republic ( present - day Netherlands ) .
Hambarsoom Grigorian ( Armenian : Գրիգորյան Համբարձում Գրիգորի , 1893 in Tabriz - July 28 , 1975 in Tehran ) was a composer and the founder and director of the `` Komitas '' choir .
Xu Shilin ( Chinese : 徐诗霖 ; pinyin : Xú Shīlín ; born 10 January 1998 in Zhongshan ) is a Chinese tennis player .
Todd MacDonald ( born 1973 in British Columbia , Canada ) is a Canadian Australian actor who is best known for his roles on the soap opera Neighbours and the drama series The Secret Life of Us and Rush .
Born Carlotta Montijo in Los Angeles , California , Monti appeared in B - movies like Kiss of Araby ( 1933 ) , Tarzan the Fearless ( 1933 ) and Night Cargo ( 1936 ) , usually cast as an exotic temptress .
Niels Duffhuës ( born 8 January 1973 in Oss ) is a Dutch multi - instrumentalist , composer and writer .
Gilbert Van Binst ( born 5 July 1951 in Machelen ) was a Belgian football player .
Anna Kiełbasińska ( born 26 June 1990 in Warsaw ) is a Polish athlete competing in the sprinting and hurdling events .
Early in life , SoMo sang at popular clubs in Austin , Texas with his father .
Andrzej Majewski , ( born in November 12 , 1966 in Wrocław ) , is a Polish aphorist , writer , columnist and photographer .
Akira Hori ( 堀晃 , born 1944 in Tatsuno , Hyogo ) is a Japanese science fiction writer .
Ema Pukšec was born in Ogulin ( present - day Republic of Croatia ) .
Georg Preuße ( Pseudonym Mary Morgan ) ( born 24 August 1950 in Ankum ) is a German actor and drag performer .
Michel Rabagliati ( born 1961 ) is a Canadian cartoonist born and based in Montreal .
Pat Courtney ( born in 1940 in Dublin ) is a former Irish football player who played as a full back , mainly on the left .
Deborah Winters was born on November 27 , 1953 , in Los Angeles , California , the daughter of Ralph Winters , head of television casting for Universal Studios for 28 years and actress Penny Edwards .
Sui Dongliang ( simplified Chinese : 隋东亮 ; traditional Chinese : 隋東亮 ; pinyin : Suí Dōngliàng ; born September 24 , 1977 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a former Chinese professional footballer .
Mikel Canka ( born 18 February 1987 in Lushnjë ) is an Albanian football player who plays for Luftëtari Gjirokastër in Albanian First Division as a striker .
Elizabeth Gillies was born in Haworth , New Jersey and is partially of Italian descent .
Pekka Vehkonen ( born 27 May 1964 in Helsinki ) is a Finnish former motocross world champion .
Born at 1 Upper Woburn Place , London , in 1904 , Dorothea Elizabeth Irving usually went by her middle name of Elizabeth .
Lucio Amelio ( born Naples , 13 September 1931 - died Naples , 2 July 1994 ) was an Italian art dealer , curator and actor .
Omer Simeon was born in New Orleans , Louisiana , the son of a cigar maker .
Charles Fredericks ( 5 Sep 1918 in Columbus , Mississippi -- 14 May 1970 in Sherman Oaks , California ) was an American actor of stage , television , and film .
Vincenzo Marra ( born Naples , September 18 , 1972 ) is an Italian filmmaker .
Seydou Koné ( born on 28 March 1983 in Abidjan ) is an Ivorian professional football player who currently plays as a striker for Chamois Niortais .
Meysam Joudaki , ( born 3 February 1995 in Tehran ) is an Iranian football Defender currently playing for Naft Tehran and formerly playing for Iran national under-19 football team .
Johanna Rosaly was born in Santurce , a district of San Juan .
Halvdan Ljøsne ( 31 May 1929 , Vågå , Oppland -- 6 February 2006 ) was a Norwegian painter .
Claudia Coslovich ( born 26 April 1972 in Trieste ) is a former Italian athlete who specialized in the javelin throw .
Brendan Markey ( born 19 May 1976 in Dublin ) was an Irish soccer player who plays for Bangor Celtic in the Leinster Senior League .
Marijo Dodik ( born 18 February 1974 in Sarajevo ) is a Bosnian Croat football striker currently playing for NK Mladost Mali Otok .
Engelina , the daughter of Ann - Cathrin and songwriter Henning Larsen , grew up on Bornholm with her two older sisters .
Born in Independence , Missouri , she was christened Mary Margaret Truman ( for her aunt Mary Jane Truman and maternal grandmother Margaret Gates Wallace ) but was called Margaret from early childhood .
Alexander Macklin was born in 1889 in India , where his father was a doctor .
Terry Robbins was raised in a Queens County , New York by his mother Olga , a Hunter College alumna , and his father Sam , who worked at a garment factory .
Ahmet Hamdi Boyacıoğlu ( 1920 , Bolu -- August 23 , 1998 ) was a Turkish judge .
Alexander Artemev , who goes by the Russian diminutive `` Sasha '' , was born August 29 , 1985 in Minsk , Belarusian SSR , Soviet Union .
Teodoro Petkoff Malec ( born in Bobures , Zulia State , January 3 , 1932 ) is a Venezuelan politician , ex - guerrilla , journalist and economist .
László Fassang ( born December 12 , 1973 in Budapest ) Hungarian organist , pianist and improviser .
Dariusz Dudka ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈdarjuʐ ˈdutka ) ; born 9 December 1983 in Kostrzyn nad Odrą ) is a Polish footballer who plays for Lech Poznań .
Věra Klimková ( born Věra Leskovjanská on 11 August 1957 in Spišská Nová Ves ) was a Czechoslovakian cross country skier who competed from 1982 to 1988 .
Born in Brussels , Belgium on November 27 , 1900 , Léon Barzin was taken to the United States at the age of two .
Alex Surprenant ( born September 4 , 1989 in Saint - Alexandre , Quebec ) is a Canadian soccer player currently unattached .
Zeynep Tokuş ( born 1/1/1977 in Ankara ) is a Turkish actress and former beauty pageant winner .
Timo Scheider ( born 10 November 1978 in Lahnstein ) is a German racing driver who competes in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters for Audi .
Jefferson Maranhão ( born August 6 , 1993 in Coelho Neto , Maranhão ) , is a Brazilian football attacking midfielder who currently plays for Jacuipense on loan from Santa Cruz .
Basil Morris was born on 19 December 1888 at East Melbourne , Victoria , to William Edward Morris and Clara Elizabeth , née French .
Robeilys Peinado ( born 26 November 1997 in Caracas ) is a Venezuelan athlete whose specialty is pole vaulting .
Aleksan Nalbandyan ( Armenian : Ալեքսան Նալբանդյան , born April 18 , 1971 in Yerevan , Armenian SSR ) is an Armenian and Russian amateur boxer .
Born in Washington D.C. to archaeologist John Yellen and anthropology professor Alison Brooks , Alexander Yellen attended St. Albans School ( Washington , D.C. ) , graduating in 1999 .
Mark Ptashne ( born June 5 , 1940 in Chicago ) is a molecular biologist and violinist .
Abraham Mateo was born on 25 August 1998 in San Fernando , Cádiz , the younger child of Antonio Mateo , a construction worker and security guard , and Susana Chamorro , a housewife .
Mark Charig ( born 22 February 1944 in London ) is a British trumpeter and cornetist .
Kerstin Thiele ( born August 26 , 1986 in Riesa , German Democratic Republic ) is a German judoka and a silver medallist at the Olympic Games 2012 in London .
Luis Felipe Noé ( Buenos Aires , May 26 , 1933 ) is an Argentine artist , writer , intellectual and teacher .
Augustus Frederic Christopher Kollmann was born in Engelbostel , near Hanover on 21 March 1756 .
Joseph Lau Luen Hung ( Chinese : 劉鑾雄 ) ( born July 21 , 1951 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong real estate investor who owns a 61 % stake in Chinese Estates Holdings .
Rudulph Evans ( February 1 , 1878 -- January 16 , 1960 ) , sculptor , was born in Washington , D.C. , and grew up in Virginia .
Rita Dove was born in Akron , Ohio , to Ray Dove , the first African - American chemist to work in the U.S. tire industry ( as research chemist at Goodyear ) , and Elvira Hord , who achieved honors in high school and would share her passion for reading with her daughter .
Born as Hugh Edward Douglas , Jr. in Miami , Florida , Kyan Douglas was raised in Tampa and Tallahassee .
Kevin De Serpa ( born May 21 , 1980 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian soccer player , coach , futsal player , and freestyle footballer ,
Cecilia Vianini ( born 19 November 1976 in Verona ) is an Italian former freestyle swimmer .
Daniella Sya ( born Daniella Sya Yeng Yeng on 8 August 1988 in Kedah ) , Raised in Kuala Lumpur is a Malaysian actress , television presenter , model and radio announcer on Singapore 's Lush 99.5FM .
Zou You ( Chinese : 邹游)(born on September 22 , 1985 ) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a Midfielder for Dalian Aerbin in the Chinese League One division .
Janko Konstantinov , ( Macedonian : Јанко Константинов ; born 18 January 1926 in Bitola , Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes , died 2010 ) is a Macedonian architect and artist .
In 1953 , Susan Fennell was born Susan Biefer in Saint - Laurent , a borough of Montreal , Quebec .
James Dean was born at the Seven Gables apartment house at the corner of 4th Street and McClure Street in Marion , Indiana , the son of Winton Dean ( January 17 , 1907 -- February 21 , 1995 ) and Mildred Marie Wilson ( September 15 , 1910 -- July 14 , 1940 ) .
Sir Anthony Ughtred was the third son of Sir Robert Ughtred ( c.1428 - -c.1487 ) of Kexby , Yorkshire and Katherine , daughter of Sir William Eure of Stokesley , Yorkshire .
Born Mari - Alice Randall in Detroit , Michigan , she grew up in Washington , D.C ..
Chief Buffalo Child Long Lance ( December 1 , 1890 -- March 20 , 1932 ) , born Sylvester Clark Long , was an American journalist , writer and actor from Winston - Salem , North Carolina who became internationally prominent as a spokesman for Indian causes .
Angie Harmon was born on August 10 , 1972 , in Highland Park , Texas , the daughter of Daphne Demar ( née Caravageli ) and Lawrence Paul `` Larry '' Harmon , a hospital information - network executive in Dallas .
Michael Carbajal ( born September 17 , 1967 in Phoenix , Arizona ) is an American five - time world boxing champion of Mexican descent .
Ofira Navon was born in Tel Aviv , to Batya and Eliezer Resnikov , Prisoners of Zion from Russia .
Kirsikka Saari , ( born in 1973 ) in Helsinki , is a Finnish film maker and screenwriter .
Christian Pander ( born 28 August 1983 in Münster ) is a German footballer who plays as a left back .
Payam Dehkordi ( born 10 May 1977 , Shahrekord ) is an Iranian theater and film actor and director .
Jung Doo - hong was born in 1966 in Chilsan - ri , Imcheon - myeon , Buyeo County , South Chungcheong Province , the youngest of seven siblings .
Ulli Kaden ( born March 9 , 1959 in Munich ) is a former East German amateur boxer best known for winning the European title 1987 and 1989 at super heavyweight .
He was born in Sussex , New Brunswick , the son of William Pugsley , of United Empire Loyalist descent , and Frances Jane Hayward .
Francesco Acquaviva ( 1665 at Naples -- 1723 ) was an Italian Cardinal .
Pausias ( Greek : Παυσίας ) was an ancient Greek painter of the first half of the 4th century , of the school of Sicyon .
Gordon Mumma ( born March 30 , 1935 , in Framingham , Massachusetts ) is an American composer .
Duccio Malagamba ( born 1960 , in La Spezia , Liguria ) is an Italian architectural photographer .
Attila László ( born 10 July 1953 in Kaposvár ) is a Hungarian jazz guitarist and composer .
Evan Brewer ( born September 23 , 1981 ) is an American bass player from Nashville , Tennessee .
Stanley Houghton was born at 1 Amy Villas , Doveston Road , Ashton - upon - Mersey , Sale , which was then in Cheshire , the only son of John Hartley Houghton , a cotton merchant in Manchester , and Lucy Mary née Darbyshire .
Born Bruno Mario Lavezzi in Milan into a bourgeois family , he studied piano and guitar at the Scuola Civica di Milano .
Karol Šmidke ( born January 21 , 1897 , Vítkovice ( Ostrava ) , Margraviate of Moravia - December 15 , 1952 ) was a Slovak politician , member of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia .
Henri Joseph Brugère ( Uzerche , 27 June 1841 - Lautaret , 31 August 1918 ) was a French general .
Ruben Svensson ( born 28 November 1953 in Karlskoga ) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a right back .
Iwan Fals ( born Virgiawan Listanto ; 3 September 1961 in Jakarta ) is an Indonesian singer -- songwriter .
Roman Jurko ( born 25 January 1983 in Košice ) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for the 3 .
Boualem Bensaïd ( Arabic : أبو عالم بن سعيد‎ ) ( born November 11 , 1967 in Algiers ) is an Algerian member of GIA , an Islamic terrorist organization .
Vitor Coutinho Flora , known as Vitor Flora ( born 21 February 1990 São Joaquim da Barra ) is an Italo - Brazilian footballer , who plays as a striker and attacking midfielder for Atletico Monte Azul in the Paulista Serie A2 .
Robert Neil Hardwick ( born July 22 , 1948 in Teversal , Sutton - in - Ashfield , England ) is a British - born Finnish theatre and TV director and writer .
Israel Matz ( Hebrew : ישראל מץ ) was born in Kalvarija , Lithuania in 1869 , and died in New York in 1950 .
Al Gregg ( born 9 June 1963 in West Brompton , London ) is an English actor , writer and musician who has appeared in a variety of theatre , television , film , commercials and voice overs .
Suzanne Paradis ( b Quebec City , Quebec 27 October 1936 ) is a Canadian poet , novelist and critic based in Quebec .
Peter Barakan was born and raised in London by a Jewish father of Polish ancestry and an Anglo - Burmese mother .
Dilshod Aripov ( Uzbek : Дильшод Арипов ; born May 20 , 1977 in Tashkent ) is an amateur Uzbekistani Greco - Roman wrestler , who played for the men 's lightweight category .
Farid Guliyev ( Azerbaijani : Fərid Quliyev ; born 6 January 1986 in Baku ) , Azerbaijani footballer ( striker ) who plays for Yozgatspor .
Sarmistha Pritam is an ( Assamese : শৰ্মিষ্ঠা প্ৰীতম ) Assamese writer , born on 18 December 1985 at Phuloguri , Nagaon , Assam .
Anette Rückes ( born 19 December 1951 in Bad Marienberg , Rhineland - Palatinate ) is a German athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres .
Giuseppe D'Urso ( born September 15 , 1969 in Catania ) is a former Italian 800 metres runner .
Pulkit Samrat was born and brought up in a Punjabi joint family in Shalimar Bagh , Delhi , where his family has its real estate business .
Ortwin Linger ( 17 September 1967 in Paramaribo -- 10 June 1989 in Paramaribo ) was a Dutch - Surinamese footballer .
Born in Askim , Gothenburg , Caroline Larsson began writing songs when she was 16 - 17 years old .
Ozan Güven ( born 19 May 1975 in Nuremberg ) is a Turkish film , TV series and theatre actor .
Mattias Nilsson ( born 19 February 1982 in Brunflo , near Östersund ) is a former Swedish biathlete .
John William Behnken ( March 19 , 1884 , in Cypress , Texas -- February 23 , 1968 ) was president of the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod from 1935 to 1962 .
Infante Francisco , Duke of Beja ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( fɾɐ̃ˈsiʃku ) ) , ( Lisbon , 25 May 1691 - Lisbon , 21 July 1742 ) was a Portuguese infante ( prince ) son of Peter II , King of Portugal , and his second wife , Maria Sofia of the Palatinate .
Eliot Shapleigh ( born November 11 , 1952 ) is a politician from the state of Texas , who represented the state 's 29th Senatorial District , which comprises the majority of El Paso County , from 1997 to 2011 .
During Dnyaneshwar 's visit to Paithan , to obtain a certificate of purification , he was confronted with a man who violently lashed at an old buffalo .
Fredrik Ekblom ( born 6 October 1970 ) is a Swedish race car driver from Kumla .
Sonia Shah ( born 1969 in New York City , United States ) is an American investigative journalist and author noted for her articles on corporate power - especially with respect to agriculture , oil and pharmaceutical industries - and on gender equality with specific reference to issues that affect developing countries .
Born in Massachusetts to William Beach and Lucy Tucker , John Beach enlisted in the U.S. Army during his late teens and graduated from the West Point Military Academy on July 1 , 1832 .
Jorge Amor Ameal ( born Berazategui , Buenos Aires , 1948 ) , is an Argentinian businessman , and is president of Boca Juniors .
Hank Greenberg was born Hyman Greenberg on January 1 , 1911 , in Greenwich Village , New York City to Romanian - born Jewish immigrant parents David and Sarah Greenberg , who owned a successful cloth - shrinking plant in New York .
Alan Cinis ( born 10 August 1960 in Orange , New South Wales ) , an Australian politician and actor , is a Councillor on Leichhardt Council , Sydney , New South Wales representing the NSW Greens since 2008 .
Heikki Kinnunen ( born 8 April 1946 , in Raahe ) is a Finnish actor , who became well known in the beginning of the 1970s in the comedy program Ällitälli .
Benjamin Waterhouse ( March 4 , 1754 , Newport , Rhode Island -- October 2 , 1846 , Cambridge , Massachusetts ) was a physician , co - founder and professor of Harvard Medical School .
Angela McHale ( born 1972 in London , England ) is an English actress and comedian , particularly well known for her variety of British television roles including roles in Not Going Out , The Catherine Tate Show and Grange Hill .
Danny Lopes ( born August 6 , 1982 , in Livingston , New Jersey ) is an actor and model .
René Menard ( 2 March 1605 in Paris - August 1661 ) was a French Jesuit missionary explorer who traveled to Canada in 1641 , learned the language of the Wyandot , and was soon in charge of many of the satellite missions around Sainte - Marie among the Hurons .
Guglielmo Scilla ( Rome , November 26 , 1987 ) is an Italian actor and writer .
Francesco Filidei ( born in 1973 in Pisa ) is an Italian organist and composer , student of Salvatore Sciarrino .
Mary Robinette Kowal ( born February 8 , 1969 in Raleigh , N.C. , as Mary Robinette Harrison ) is an American author and puppeteer .
Abhishek Das ( born 15 November 1993 in Kolkata , West Bengal ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Right back for East Bengal in the I - League .
Aiden Turner was born in Welwyn Garden City , Hertfordshire , and attended local Catholic schools ( St Joseph 's , St Hugh 's , and St Edmund 's College , Ware ) .
René Tinner ( born February 18 , 1953 in St. Gallen ) is a Swiss recording engineer and producer , who has produced over 200 studio records and numerous live - performances .
Marinus van der Lubbe was born in Leiden in the province of South Holland .
Adri Nital was born in Jaipur , India , the son of vampire hunter Taj Nital .
Erik Truffaz ( Chêne - Bougeries , 3 April 1960 in Switzerland ) is a French jazz trumpeter , infusing elements of hip hop , rock and roll and dance music into his compositions .
Hans - Jürgen Döscher ( born November 18 , 1943 Eberswalde , Province of Brandenburg ) is a German historian .
Veerendra was like a brother to Dharmendra as Dharmendra was not only born in Phagwara at the same home as Veerendra but he also completed his education while staying with the family of Veerendra .
Caroline Gennez ( Dutch pronunciation : ( kɑroːˈlin ʒəˈneː ) ; 21 August 1975 in Sint - Truiden ) is a Belgian socialist politician and a former chairwoman of the Socialist Party --
Ma Shuai ( Chinese : 马帅 ; born 16 February 1985 in Dalian , Liaoning , China ) is a Chinese footballer .
Aaron Cohen - Gadol ( Cohen ) was born in a Conservative Jewish family in Tehran , Iran .
John George Haigh was born in Stamford , Lincolnshire , and grew up in the village of Outwood , West Riding of Yorkshire .
Metodyj Trochanovskij ( Методий Трохановский ; May 5 , 1885 , Binczarowa - February 15 , 1948 , Wroclaw ) , was a Lemko activist and teacher .
In 1764 Adolph Murray became a student in Uppsala , and soon became devoted to anatomy .
Paulinus of St. Bartholomew(b . at Hof am Leithaberge in Lower Austria , 25 April 1748 ; d. in Rome , 7 January 1806 ) was an Austrian Carmelite missionary and Orientalist .
Morvan Marchal ( 31 July 1900 , Vitré , Ille - et - Vilaine -- 13 August 1963 , Paris ) , is the Breton name of Maurice Marchal , an architect and a militant Breton nationalist .
On March 23 , 2001 , while waiting for a city bus in Queens , New York , Sully Boyar died of a heart attack in the arms of Billy Viola , aged 76 .
Arnold Drake was the third child of Max Druckman , a Manhattan furniture dealer who died in June 1966 at his home in Forest Hills , Queens , New York City , and Pearl Cohen .
Ellis Cornelia Knight ( 1757 -- 17 December 1837 , Paris ) was a writer and painter who socialized with many of the notable personalities of the late reign of George III :
Carl Heinrich Wilhelm Hagen ( Dietersheim - Dottenheim , 10 October 1810 -- Bern , 24 January 1868 ) , also Karl Hagen , was a German historian and member of the Frankfurt Parliament .
Maties Palau Ferré ( 1921 - -2000 ) was a painter from Montblanc , Catalonia , Spain .
General Gérard Charles Édouard Thériault , CMM , CD ( born Gaspé , Quebec , Canada on June 5 , 1932 -- died October 13 , 1998 in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada ) was Chief of the Defence Staff between 1983 and 1986 .
Mateo de la Mata Ponce de León ( sometimes Mateo de la Mata y Ponce de León ) ( b. Requena , Valencia , Spain ; d. November 16 , 1720 , Lima ) was a Spanish colonial official in Peru .
Dorothea Maria Graff ( 1678 -- 1743 ) was an 18th - century painter from Germany , who lived and worked in Amsterdam , and Saint Petersburg .
Saro Urzì , ( born Rosario Urzì , February 24 , 1913 in Catania -- November 1 , 1979 in San Giuseppe Vesuviano ) was an Italian actor .
Heinrich Maier , DDr . , born February 16 , 1908 in Großweikersdorf , was executed on March 22 , 1945 as the last victim of Hitler 's régime in Vienna .
Florian Fricke ( 23 February 1944 in Lindau am Bodensee , Germany -- 29 December 2001 in Munich ) was a German musician who started his professional career with electronic music using the Moog synthesizer within the Krautrock group Popol Vuh .
Pál Tomori was elected commander - in - chief ( jointly with György Szapolyai ) of the Hungarian army in the battle of Mohács in 1526 .
Andrés Cavo ( 1739 , Guadalajara -- 1803 , Rome ) was a Jesuit and historian of New Spain .
Habibullah Khan ( June 3 , 1872 -- February 20 , 1919 ) was the Emir of Afghanistan from 1901 until 1919 .
Daniel Ducarme ( 8 March 1954 , Liège -- 28 August 2010 ) was a Belgian politician and former Minister - President of the Brussels - Capital Region .
Jean - Jacques de Mesmes , comte d'Avaux ( 1640 , Paris -- 9 January 1688 , Paris ) was a French magistrate , intendant of Soissons , and Président à mortier of the Parliament of Paris .
Pieter Isaacsz ( 1569 , Helsingør -- September 14 , 1625 , Amsterdam ) , was a Danish - born Dutch Golden Age painter .
Rupert Emerson ( August 20 , 1899 , in Rye , NY -- February 9 , 1979 , in Cambridge , MA ) was a professor of political science and international relations .
Tebbutt was born at Windsor , New South Wales , the only son of John Tebbutt , then a prosperous store keeper .
Fred Bedford ( born 25 June 1902 ) was an English professional footballer who played as an outside right for Lancaster Town , Tranmere Rovers and Morecambe .
Eduard Sandifort ( born November 14 , 1742 in Dordrecht , d. February 12 , 1814 in Leiden ) was a Dutch physician and anatomist .
Erwin Griswold died on November 19 , 1994 , in Boston , at the age of 90 .
Ettore Fieramosca or Ferramosca ( Capua , 1476 -- Valladolid , 20 January 1515 ) was an Italian condottiero and nobleman during the Italian Wars .
Willem Eggert , ( Amsterdam , 1360 - Purmerend , 15 July 1417 ) was a Dutch politician , noble , banker and schepen of Amsterdam .
Paolo Orsi ( Rovereto , October 17 , 1859 -- November 8 , 1935 ) was an Italian archaeologist and classicist .
Born Kurt Lilienthal into a Jewish family , Lilien would be arrested and sent to Sobibór extermination camp by the Nazis where he died in 1943 .
Hsissen died in Tunis on September 29 , 1958 , after a long bout of lung disease .
Melchior Josef Martin Knüsel ( November 16 , 1813 - January 15 , 1889 ) was a Swiss politician from Lucerne , member of the Swiss Federal Council ( 1855 - 1875 ) .
Joaquín Zavala Solís ( 30 November 1835 Managua -- 30 December 1906 Managua ) was the President of Nicaragua from 1 March 1879 to 1 March 1883 and from 16 to 25 July 1893 .
Henri Collet ( French : ( kɔlɛ ) ; November 5 , 1885 -- November 23 , 1951 ) was a French composer and music critic who lived in Paris .
Auguste Orts was a Lawyer , magistrate , professor at the Université Libre de Bruxelles and alderman of Brussels .
Ivar Karl Ugi ( September 9 , 1930 in Saaremaa , Estonia - 29 September 2005 in Munich ) was an Estonian - born German chemist who made major contributions to organic chemistry .
August Sang ( 27 July 1914 in Pärnu -- 14 October 1969 in Tallinn ) was an Estonian poet and literary translator .
Selma Urfer ( born 30 March 1928 in Bern , Switzerland ; died 2 May 2013 in Munich ) was a Swiss author , translator and actress .
Carmelo Arden Quin ( Rivera , Uruguay , March 16 , 1913 -- Savigny - sur - Orge , France , September 27 , 2010 ) was a Uruguayan artist .
Francesco Lorenzi ( Mazzurega near Verona , 1723 - February 12 , 1787 ) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period .
Gilbert Bettman ( October 3 , 1881 - July 1942 ) was an American politician of the Ohio Republican party .
Juan Gil de Hontañón ( Rasines , Cantabria 1480 -- Salamanca , May 11 , 1526 ) was a master builder and Trasmeran mason of Spain during the 16th century .
Enrico De Pedis ( May 15 , 1954 − February 2 , 1990 ) was an Italian criminal and one of the bosses of the Banda della Magliana , an Italian criminal organization based in the city of Rome , particularly active throughout the late 1970s until the early 1990s .
Anton Niklas Sundberg ( 27 May 1818 , Uddevalla -- 2 February 1900 ) was a Lutheran clergyman , and the Church of Sweden archbishop of Uppsala 1870 - -1900 .
Edward Janczewski ( Edward Franciszek Janczewski - Glinka ) ( b. 14 December 1846 in Blinstrubiszki , Samogitia , d. 17 July 1918 in Kraków ) was a Polish biologist ( taxonomist , anatomist , and morphologist ) , rector of the Jagiellonian University , and member of the Academy of Learning .
Pierre de Brézé ( or de Brezé ) ( born c. 1410 ; died 16 July 1465 in the Battle of Montlhéry , France ) was a French soldier and courtier in the service of King Charles VII .
In his later years , Abdelkebir Khatibi had been suffering from a chronic cardiac condition which led to his death in the Moroccan capital , Rabat , five weeks after his 71st birthday .
Stefan Askenase died in Bonn on October 18 , 1985 , shortly after giving a concert in Cologne .
Jacques Fouques - Duparc ( 4 March 1897 in Paris -- 2 August 1966 ) was a French diplomat and writer .
Adolfo Bioy Casares was born in Buenos Aires , the grandson of a wealthy landowner and dairy processor , and the descendant of Patrick Lynch , a successful Irish emigrant .
Liane Bahler ( 22 January 1982 in Gotha -- 4 July 2007 in Rudolstadt ) was a German professional racing cyclist .
Maurits Gysseling ( Oudenburg , 7 September 1919 -- Ghent , 24 November 1997 ) was an influential Belgian researcher into historical linguistics and paleography .
Hacı Mehmet Zorlu ( 1919 in Babadağ , Denizli -- May 7 , 2005 in Istanbul ) was the founder of Zorlu Holding , one of the biggest group of companies in Turkey .
Paul Leo ( * January 9 , 1893 in Göttingen ; † February 10 , 1958 in Dubuque , Iowa ) was a German Lutheran pastor and theologian .
As resident general , Lucien Saint invited the sultan of Morocco , Moulay Mohammed ( later Mohammed V ) , his grand vizier and his interpreter to Marignac on 26 July 1929 as part of their stay in Bagnères - de - Luchon , and their signatures in Arabic script are in the town 's register .
Baltasar Porcel i Pujol ( Catalan pronunciation : ( bəɫtəˈza porˈsɛɫ ) ; Andratx , Majorca , March 14 , 1937 -- Barcelona , July 1 , 2009 ) was a Spanish writer , journalist and literary critic .
Rita Atria ( Partanna , September 4 , 1974 - Rome , July 26 , 1992 ) was a witness in a major Mafia investigation in Sicily , breaking the Omertà - code of silence .
Agnes de Mille was born in New York City into a well - connected family of theater professionals .
Edvard Bergenheim , previously Bergenhem ( September 18 , 1798 in Vaasa , Sweden -- February 19 , 1884 in Turku , Grand Duchy of Finland ) was the Archbishop of Turku and the spiritual head of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland between 1850 and 1884 .
Baron Leopold Julian Kronenberg ( 1849 in Warsaw -- 1937 in Warsaw ) was a Polish banker .
Denys Puech ( 3 December 1854 , Gavernac , Bozouls , Aveyron -- December 1942 , Rodez , Aveyron ) was a French sculptor .
Laurie Dann ( née Wasserman ; October 18 , 1957 -- May 20 , 1988 ) was an American murderer who shot and killed one boy and wounded two girls and three boys in a Winnetka , Illinois elementary school .
Alexandru Proca ( October 16 , 1897 , Bucharest -- December 13 , 1955 , Paris ) was a Romanian physicist who studied and worked in France .
In 1904 , at her estate in the village of Olenevka in Vasylkiv county of Kiev Governorate , Varvara Tereshchenko organized a craft school for the children .
Aaron Corthen , better known as A.C. Reed ( May 9 , 1926 -- February 24 , 2004 ) was an American blues saxophonist , closely associated with the Chicago blues scene from the 1940s into the 2000s .
Salomon Idler ( 11 February 1610 in Cannstatt -- probably 1669 in Augsburg ) was a German shoemaker , who is best known for his attempt to become an aviation pioneer .
Ralph Ince died on April 10 , 1937 when a car his wife was driving struck an iron standard near their residence in the Kensington district of London , England .
A basilica in Rome is called Santa Pudenziana and Pudentiana had a commemoration in the General Roman Calendar on 19 May until its 1969 revision .
Antônio do Carmo Cheuiche ( Caçapava do Sul , June 13 , 1927 -- Ivoti , October 14 , 2009 ) was the Brazilian Auxiliary Bishop of Santa Maria ( 1969 - -1971 ) and Porto Alegre ( 1971 - -2001 ) .
Dimitar Nenov ( Bulgarian : Димитър Ненов ; December 19 , 1901 in Razgrad -- August 30 , 1953 in Sofia ) was a Bulgarian classical pianist , composer , music pedagogue and architect .
Rezső Kókai ( Hungarian : Kókai Rezső ; 15 January 1906 in Budapest -- 6 March 1962 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian composer and musicologist .
Hans Seyffer , also known as Hans Seyfer or Hans of Heilbronn ( c.1460 - -1509 ) , was a stone sculptor and wood carver of the late Gothic style .
Suzanne Kaaren died from pneumonia in Englewood , New Jersey , in 2004 , aged 92 .
Pedro Sernagiotto , also known as Pietro Sernagiotto or Ministrinho ( born November 17 , 1908 in São Paulo ; died April 5 , 1965 in São Paulo ) was an Italian Brazilian professional football player .
Guillaume Massieu ( 13 April 1665 , Caen -- 26 September 1722 , Paris ) was a French churchman , translator and poet , best known for his Latin verses in praise of the agreeability and benefits of coffee .
Abraham Bing ( 1752 - -1841 ) was the Oberrabbiner ( Chief Rabbi ) of Würzburg .
Brigitte Horney ( 29 March 1911 in Dahlem , Berlin -- 27 July 1988 in Hamburg ) was a German theatre and film actress .
Gaston Bogaert ( 1918 in Le Mans -- 2008 in Etterbeek ) is a Belgian painter .
Camilla Marazzi ( 26 April 1885 in Lugano , Switzerland - October 1911 in Rome ) was an Italian artist who died at a young age .
Ron Haydock ( April 17 , 1940 , Chicago , Illinois -- August 14 , 1977 , Victorville , California ) was an American actor , screenwriter , novelist and rock musician .
Arnold Korff ( 2 August 1870 , Vienna -- 2 June 1944 , New York City ) was an Austrian - born Hollywood actor and director .
Bernhard VIII , Count of Lippe ( born 6 December 1527 in Detmold ; died : 15 April 1563 in Detmold ) was from 1547 until his death in 1563 ruling the County of Lippe .
Philipp Hafner ( September 27 , 1735 ( some sources say 1731 ) - July 30 , 1764 ) was an Austrian farce writer , born in Vienna .
Gabriel Andral ( 6 November 1797 -- 13 February 1876 ) was a distinguished French pathologist and a professor at the University of Paris .
Benjamin David `` Ben '' Bowen ( November 14 , 2002 -- February 25 , 2005 ) , commonly called Big Ben Bowen , was a boy from Huntington , West Virginia , who was diagnosed with an aggressive brain tumour in 2004 .
Roger - Philippe Menu ( born 30 June 1948 , died 4 February 2013 in Lille ) is a retired French swimmer who won two silver medals in the 4×100 m medley relay and 100 m breaststroke at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships ; he finished sixth in the 200 m breaststroke .
Carlos Maggi ( August 5 , 1922 , Montevideo , Uruguay -- May 15 , 2015 , Montevideo , Uruguay ) was a Uruguayan lawyer , playwright , journalist and writer .
Jakob Friedrich Kleinknecht ( 8 April 1722 in Ulm - 11 August 1794 in Ansbach ) was a German composer , flutists and Kapellmeister .
Albín Brunovský ( 25 December 1935 , Zohor , Czechoslovakia -- 20 January 1997 , Bratislava , Slovakia ) was a Slovak painter , graphic artist , lithographer , illustrator and pedagogue , considered one of the greatest Slovak painters of the 20th century .
Atanasie Anghel Popa , ( ? - † 19 August 1713 , Alba Iulia ) was a Romanian Greek - Catholic bishop of Alba Iulia between 1698 and 1713 .
After spending 57 of his 74 years working with submersibles , John Philip Holland died on 12 August 1914 in Newark , New Jersey .
Felix Manz ( also Felix Mantz ) ( c. 1498 -- 5 January 1527 ) was a co - founder of the original Swiss Brethren Anabaptist congregation in Zürich , Switzerland , and the first martyr of the Radical Reformation .
Zhang Ren was from Shu Commandery ( 蜀郡 ; around present - day Chengdu , Sichuan ) in Yi Province ( 益州 ; covering present - day Sichuan and Chongqing ) .
Terence De Marney died in 1971 , aged 63 , after an accidental fall in front of a train in the London Underground .
William Le Lacheur ( 15 October 1802 Forest , Guernsey , Channel Islands -- 27 June 1863 , London ) , was a Guernsey sea captain who played an important role in the economic and spiritual development of the Central American country of Costa Rica .
Connie Clausen ( born Constance Clausen on June 11 , 1923 , in Menasha , Wisconsin , and died September 7 , 1997 , in New York City ) was an actress , author , and literary agent .
Abbas el Hocine Bencheikh called Sheikh Abbas ( Mila Algeria 1912-Paris 3 May 1989 ) , was an Algerian diplomat , a cleric a writer , and the rector of the Muslim Institute and the Great Mosque of Paris until his death .
On November 10 , 2013 John Matchefts died in the city where he spent so much of his coaching career , Colorado Springs .
A member of the Albani family , Gian Girolamo Albani was born in Bergamo on January 3 , 1509 , the son of Count Francesco Albani .
Heinz Jungclausen was shot down by British fighters on 26 December 1944 over Boppard , Germany .
Josef Mach ( 25 February 1909 in Prostějov -- 7 July 1987 in Prague ) was a Czech actor , screenwriter and film director .
Berthold of Hanover ( died 24 July 1198 ) was a German Cistercian and Bishop of Livonia , who met his death in a crusade against the pagan Livonians .
According to the `` History of Australian Theatre '' archives , American actress Minnie Tittell Brune made her first appearance in Australia on 21 September 1904 at Her Majesty 's Theatre , Sydney in the play Sunday , supported by Roy Redgrave .
Jean Nocret ( December 1615/17 , Nancy- November 1672 , Paris ) was a French painter who is best known for his portraits of the French Royal Family .
Luigi Fontana Russo ( Trapani , January 15 , 1868 - Trapani , 1953 ) was an Italian economist and lecturer .
Coenraet Decker ( 1650 in Amsterdam -- 1685 in Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age engraver .
Carol Telbisz ( Hungarian : Telbisz Károly , German : Karl Telbisz , Romanian : Carol Telbisz , Bulgarian : Карол Телбиз ) ( 1853 -- 14 July 1914 ) was an Austro - Hungarian public figure of Banat Bulgarian origin and a long - time Mayor of Temesvár ( modern Timișoara , Romania ) .
Nicolas de Grigny was born in 1672 in Reims in the parish of Saint - Pierre - Le - Vieil .
With over 200 films to his credit , Lionel Banks ( born June 22 , 1901 , Salt Lake City , Utah - died March 20 , 1950 , Los Angeles , California ) was a hard - working art director from 1935 to 1949 .
Paul Friedrich Meyerheim ( 13 July 1842 , Berlin -- 14 September 1915 , Berlin ) was a German painter and graphic artist .
Eugenio Miccini ( b. Florence 1925 -- d. Florence 2007 ) was an Italian artist and writer , considered to be one of the fathers of Italian visual poetry .
Dan Fellows Platt ( June 10 , 1873 -- December 16 , 1937 ) was an archeologist , author , art collector and the Mayor of Englewood , New Jersey from 1904 to 1905 .
Gaetano Moroni was an Italian writer on the history and contemporary structure of the Catholic Church and an official of the papal court in Rome .
Pacello da Mercogliano ( c. 1455 - -1534 ) was a designer of gardens and hydraulic engineer , who is documented as working for Charles VIII at Amboise with the responsibility of bringing water from the Loire up to the garden parterres laid out to one side of the château .
Nathaniel Head ( May 20 , 1828 -- November 12 , 1883 ) , also known as Natt Head , was an American construction material supplier and Republican politician from Hooksett , New Hampshire .
Wacław Michał Zaleski ( 8 September 1799 in Olesko , eastern Galicia -- 24 February 1849 in Vienna ) , pseudonym Wacław from Olesko ( Polish : Wacław z Oleska ) , was a Polish poet , writer , researcher of folklore , theatre critic , political activist , and governor of Galicia ( 1848 ) .
James Trainer ( born 7 January 1863 , Wrexham - died 5 August 1915 , Paddington , Central London , England ) was a Welsh association football player of the Victorian era .
Jackson de Figueiredo Martins ( born 9 October 1891 in Aracaju , Brazil - died 4 November 1928 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) was a Brazilian lawyer , intellectual and journalist .
Giulia Tofana ( also spelled Toffana , Tophana ) ( died in Rome , July 1659 ) was an Italian professional poisoner .
He died later that day at the Cooley Dickinson Hospital in Northampton , Massachusetts , survived by his wife Lois ( Crow ) Dethier and their two sons , Jehan Vincent Dethier and Paul Georges Dethier .
Robert Walter Richard Ernst von Görschen ( born March 27 , 1864 in Aachen , died January 4 , 1936 in Aachen ) was a member of the Prussian Upper Governing Council and government Vice - President .
Martin Disler ( 1 March 1949 , Seewen -- 27 August 1996 , Geneva ) was a Swiss painter , droughtman and writer .
Baldassare Verazzi ( 6 January 1819 , Caprezzo , Verbano - Cusio - Ossola , Piedmont - 18 January 1886 , Lesa ) was an Italian painter .
Stanislaus Joyce ( December 17 , 1884 -- June 16 , 1955 ) was an Irish teacher , scholar , and writer who lived for many years in Trieste .
Bailey Willis ( March 31 , 1857 , in Idle Wild - on - Hudson , New York , United States -- February 19 , 1949 , in Palo Alto , California ) was a geological engineer who worked for the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) , and lectured at two prominent American universities .
Oswald von Wolkenstein ( 1376 or 1377 , presumably in Castle Schöneck in Kiens -- August 2 , 1445 in Merano ) was a poet , composer and diplomat .
Armand Charlet ( 1900 , Argentière -- December 1975 ) was a French mountaineer and mountain guide .
François Lehideux ( 30 January 1904 in Paris -- 21 June 1998 in Paris ) was a French industrialist and member of the Vichy government .
In 1842 , Dolley Madison joined St. John 's Episcopal Church , Lafayette Square in Washington , D.C. This church was attended by other members of the Madison and Payne families .
Curt Lahs ( 1893 Düsseldorf - died June 11 , 1958 in Berlin ) was a German painter .
Nílton Coelho da Costa , best known as Bodinho , ( June 16 , 1928 in Recife -- September 22 , 2007 in Porto Alegre ) was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player .
Lazarus Bendavid ( 18 October 1762 in Berlin -- 28 March 1832 in Berlin ) was a German mathematician and philosopher known for his exposition of Kantian philosophy .
Because of bombardments , Marietta Martin was transferred , on a stretcher because of weakness , to Frankfurt .
Marija Leiko ( Latvian : Marija Leiko , also known as Marija Leyko ; 14 August 1887 , Riga , Latvia -- 3 February 1938 , Moscow , USSR ) was a Latvian silent movie actress in Europe since the 1910s , especially popular in Latvia , Germany and Russia .
Born Wei Junluo , Shangguan Yunzhu fled to Shanghai when her hometown Jiangyin was attacked by the Japanese .
Friedrich Franz Wilhelm Junghuhn ( October 26 , 1809 in Mansfeld , Germany -- April 24 , 1864 in Lembang , Bandung , West Java ) , was a German - Dutch botanist and geologist .
André - Léon Vivrel ( October 8 , 1886 in Paris -- April 7 , 1976 in Paris ) , was a French painter and illustrator .
Ofelia Guilmáin died in Mexico City at the age of 83 from respiratory failure caused by pneumonia .
Harald Öhquist ( 1 March 1891 , Helsinki -- 10 February 1971 ) was a Finnish Lieutenant General during World War II .
Břetislav Benda ( March 28 , 1897 in Sepekov -- August 19 , 1983 , Prague ) was a significant Czech sculptor , student of Josef Václav Myslbek and member of Mánes Union of Fine Arts from 1923 .
Johann Michael von Loën ( 11 December 1694 in Frankfurt am Main - 24 July 1776 in Lingen , Ems ) was a German writer and statesman .
He was expelled from the realm by Mauregatus , and on November 26 783 Adosinda was put in the monastery of San Juan de Pravia , where she lived out the rest of her life .
Saint Abo of Tiflis ( Georgian : აბო თბილელი , abo tbileli ; Arabic : أبو التفليسي‎ , Abu al - Tiflisi ; c. 756 -- January 6 , 786 ) is a Christian martyr and the Patron Saint of the city of Tbilisi , Georgia .
Jan ten Compe ( 1713 , Amsterdam -- 1761 , Amsterdam ) , was an 18th - century landscape painter from the Northern Netherlands .
Karl Gorath ( 12 December 1912 , Bad Zwischenahn , Germany − 18 March 2003 , Bremerhaven ) was a gay man who was arrested in 1938 and imprisoned for homosexuality at Neuengamme and Auschwitz .
In 824 , Bai Juyi 's commission as governor expired , and he received the nominal rank of Imperial Tutor , which provided more in the way of official salary than official duties , and he relocated his household to a suburb of the `` eastern capital '' , Luoyang .
Robert Abshagen ( January 12 , 1911 , Hamburg -- July 10 , 1944 ) was a German Resistance fighter against National Socialism and a Communist .
During the Tiananmen Square protests of spring 1989 , Ye Fei signed a letter opposing the enforcement of martial law by the Army in Beijing .
Servius Tullius was the legendary sixth king of Rome , and the second of its Etruscan dynasty .
Father James Renshaw Cox ( 1886 - -1951 ) was an American Roman Catholic priest of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , known for his pro - labor activism .
Karl Weltzien ( sometimes Carl Weltzien ) ( 8 February 1813 in Saint Petersburg -- 14 November 1870 in Karlsruhe ) was a German scientist who was Professor of Chemistry at the Technische Hochschule of Karlsruhe from 1848 to 1869 .
Mariano Cañardo Lacasta ( 5 February 1906 in Olite -- 21 June 1987 in Barcelona ) was a Spanish professional road racing cyclist .
Jennifer Lash lost her fight to cancer on 28 December 1993 at Odstock , Wiltshire , aged 55 .
Lorenzo Binago ( 1554 - -1629 ) was an Italian late Mannerist / early Baroque architect in Milan .
Nicola Pende ( Noicattaro , 21 April 1880 -- Rome , 8 June 1970 ) was an Italian endocrinologist .
Frederick II , Grand Duke of Baden ( 9 July 1857 in Karlsruhe -- 8 August/9 August 1928 in Badenweiler ) was the last Grand Duke of Baden .
Alberto Girri ( 1919 - -1991 ) was an Argentine poet and writer born in Buenos Aires .
Rinaldo Agazzi ( Mapello , Province of Bergamo , October 30 , 1857 -- Bergamo , May 24 , 1939 ) was an Italian painter of landscapes and portraits .
George Worrall ( 1855 -- 1930 ) was an English football player who served as the first secretary - manager of Wolverhampton Wanderers .
Niccolò Alamanni ( Ancona , 12 January 1583 -- Rome , 1626 ) was a Roman antiquarian of Greek origin .
Bahman Nassim was executed by firing squad at dawn on January 28 , 1980 , at Evin Prison , Tehran , Iran .
Pierre Carteus ( Ronse , 24 September 1943 -- 4 February 2003 ) was a Belgian footballer .
Pieter - Jozef Verhaghen ( 19 March 1728 , Aarschot - 3 April 1811 , Leuven ) was a Flemish painter in the style of Rubens .
Gastone Prendato ( March 4 , 1910 in Padua -- 1980 ) was an Italian professional football player and coach .
Born on 13 December 1897 in Rotterdam , the Netherlands , Albert Aalbers was the youngest son of Theo Aalbers and Johanna Buis .
Luiz Gervazoni ( 22 May 1907 -- 1963 ) was a Brazilian football player from Rio de Janeiro .
René François Lecomte , born 14 May 1764 in Fontenay - le - Comte ( Vendée ) , died on 15 October 1793 in Bressuire ( Deux - Sèvres ) , was a general of the French Revolutionary Wars , and , in particular , the War in the Vendée .
Gottlob Ludwig Rabenhorst ( born March 22 , 1806 in Treuenbrietzen ; died April 24 , 1881 in Meissen ) was a German botanist and mycologist .
Ludwig Christian Wiener ( 7 December 1826 Darmstadt -- 31 July 1896 Karlsruhe ) was a German mathematician who specialized in descriptive geometry .
Vicente Benavides Llanos ( Quirihue , 1777 -- Santiago , Chile , February 23 , 1822 ) was a Chilean soldier who fought in the Chilean War of Independence .
Modesto Madariaga ( 12 January 1904 , in Corral de Almaguer , Spain - 4 June 1974 , in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was a Spanish aviation mechanic .
Fernando Mencherini ( 1949 in Fermignano -- 1997 in Cagli ) was an Italian composer of chamber works who reached musical prominence before his early death .
Hermann Heinrich Howaldt ( 5 January 1841 , Braunschweig - 2 December 1891 , Braunschweig ) was a German sculptor , metal caster and repoussé artist .
Professor Leonhard Gall ( 24 August 1884 , Munich -- 20 January 1952 ) was one of Adolf Hitler 's architects .
Emil Assad Rached ( born June 20 , 1943 Vera Cruz , São Paulo , Brasil-- died on October 15 , 2009 Campinas , São Paulo , Brazil ) was a former Brazilian basketball player of Lebanese origin .
Imre Bródy ( 1891 , Gyula , Hungary--1944 , Mühldorf ) was a Hungarian physicist who invented in 1930 the krypton - filled fluorescent lamps ( also known as the krypton electric bulb ) , with fellow - Hungarian inventors Emil Theisz , Ferenc Kőrösy and Tivadar Millner .
Rose Kaufman died in San Francisco after a long battle with cancer .
Between 1925 - 1938 Lev Ilyin was the main architect of Leningrad ( now Saint Petersburg ) , and an author of the overall map of Leningrad and material in the sphere of town - planning .
Jacob Jacobsen Dampe often referred to in Danish as J.J. Dampe or Dr. Dampe ( * January 10 , 1790 in Copenhagen ; † December 22 , 1867 in Copenhagen ) was a Danish theologian , scholar , and politician activist .
Rudolf Schirmer ( 10 March 1831 , Greifswald -- 27 January 1896 ) was a German ophthalmologist from Greifswald .
Dom Jacques Alexandre ( 24 January 1653 , at Orléans , France -- 23 June 1734 , at Bonne - Nouvelle ) was a learned Benedictine monk of the Congregation of St. Maur .
Moritz Kaposi ( Hungarian : Kaposi Mór , pronounced ( ˈkɒpoʃi ˈmoːr ) ; 23 October 1837 in Kaposvár , Hungary -- 6 March 1902 in Vienna , Austria - Hungary ) was a Hungarian physician and dermatologist who discovered the skin tumor that received his name ( Kaposi 's sarcoma ) .
Francesco Arquati ( 27 September 1810 in Filettino -- 25 October 1867 in Rome ) was an Italian republican patriot , a notable figure in the Italian Risorgimento and a so - called martyr for the cause of a United Italy .
Otto van Veen , also known by his Latinized name Otto Venius or Octavius Vaenius , ( c.1556 -- 6 May 1629 ) was a painter , draughtsman , and humanist active primarily in Antwerp and Brussels in the late sixteenth and early seventeenth century .
Policarpo Cacherano d'Osasco ( Cantarana 1744 - -Turin 27 August 1824 ) was an officer during the Napoleonic Wars , who rose to the rank of general .
Walther Müller ( 6 September 1905 in Hanover -- 4 December 1979 in Walnut Creek , California ) , was a German physicist , most well known for his improvement of Hans Geiger 's counter for ionizing radiation , now known as the Geiger - Müller tube .
Franco Giuseppucci ( March 3 , 1947 -- September 13 , 1980 ) was one of the founders and bosses of the Banda della Magliana , an Italian criminal organization based in the city of Rome that was particularly active throughout the late 1970s until the early 1990s .
Prince Alexander Ivanovich Urusov ( Russian : Александр Иванович Урусов , April 2 , 1843 , Moscow , Russian Empire , -- July 16 , 1900 , Moscow ) was a Russian lawyer , literary critic , translator and philanthropist .
Paweł Pośpiech ( 1879 in Kokoszyce -- 1922 in Pszczyna ) was a Polish priest , activist and journalist .
Angelo Felici J.C.D. ( July 26 , 1919 , Segni , province of Frosinone -- June 17 , 2007 , Rome ) was an Italian Cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church and President of the Pontifical Commission Ecclesia Dei .
Jean - Baptiste Geoffroy ( born in the diocese of Clermont , 1601 , and died in Paris , 30 Oct 1675 ) was a French composer .
Josias Cornelis Rappard ( April 24 , 1824 , Nijmegen -- May 17 , 1898 , Leiden ) was a Dutch soldier and artist .
Paul Einhorn ( born in Iecava , Latvia , the exact birth date is not known , died in 1655 in Jelgava ) was a famous historian of the Latvians and a Lutheran pastor .
Jorge Brum do Canto was born in Lisbon into a family with aristocratic Flemish and English roots .
She died on October 30 , 2004 at the age of 88 in Washington D.C. A year later , the National Press Club Ann Cottrell Free Animal Reporting Award was established to inspire and encourage other journalists to follow in her footsteps .
Francis Dvornik ( Chomýž , 14 August 1893 -- Chomýž , 4 November 1975 ) , in Czech František Dvorník , was a priest and academic , and one of the leading twentieth - century experts on Slavic and Byzantine history , and on relations between the churches of Rome and Constantinople .
William Weldon Watson IV ( 14 September 1899 , Eveleth , Minnesota -- 3 August 1992 , Hamden , Connecticut ) was a physicist specializing in isotope separation and a contributor to the development of the atomic bomb .
Kurt Overhoff ( 20 October 1902 Vienna , † 16 November 1986 Salzburg ) was an Austrian conductor and composer .
Marie Fillunger and Eugenie would be reunited in 1919 in Matten near Interlaken in Switzerland .
Etvin Carl Pauli Jørgensen ( December 4 , 1905 in Frederiksberg -- October 30 , 1993 ) , known simply as Pauli Jørgensen , was a Danish amateur football player and manager .
Guy Kelly ( 22 November 1906 - 24 February 1940 ) was an American jazz trumpeter born in Louisiana , perhaps best known for his work in Chicago the 1920s and 1930s with jazz musicians such as Albert Ammons and Jimmie Noone .
Kalu Rinpoche was born in 1905 during the Female Wood Snake year of the Tibetan lunar calendar in the district of Treshö Gang chi Rawa in the Hor region of Kham , Eastern Tibet .
Joaquim Sunyer ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuaˈkim suˈɲe ) ) ( Sitges , 1874 - -1956 ) was a Spanish painter often linked to the Noucentisme movement .
Private ( Pte ) Roy Longmore , 3rd Reinforcements , 21st Battalion , of Bannockburn , Victoria enlisted on 13 July 1915 ; and he embarked from Melbourne aboard HMAT Anchises on 26 August 1915 .
Lok Yiu Fun was born in 1922 and died in February 2006 at the age of 83 at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Hong Kong after a short battle with an illness .
Johnny Jaap ( born August 12 , 1895 in Bellshill , Scotland ; died May , 1974 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) was a Scottish - U.S. soccer inside right .
Tito Vespasiano Strozzi ( Ferrara , 1424 -- ca . 1505 ) was a Renaissance poet at the Este court of Ferrara , who figures as an interlocutor in Angelo Decembrio 's De politia litteraria ( `` On literary polish '' ) .
Jean - François Legendre - Héral ( 21 January 1796 , Montpellier - 13 September 1851 , Marcilly ) was a French Classical sculptor .
Eduard von Bauernfeld ( 13 January 1802 -- 9 August 1890 ) , Austrian dramatist , was born at Vienna .
Alessandro Stradella ( Nepi , 3 April 1639 -- Genoa , 25 February 1682 ) was an Italian composer of the middle baroque .
José de Santiago Concha y Salvatierra ( Lima ; December 1 , 1667 -- 18th century ) was a Spanish politician and Royal Governor of Chile .
Francisco de Vitoria ( or Victoria ) , OP ( c. 1483 , Burgos or Vitoria - Gasteiz -- 12 August 1546 , Salamanca ) , was a Spanish Renaissance Roman Catholic philosopher , theologian and jurist .
Mieczysław Pawełkiewicz ( February 13 , 1938 , Bielsko - Biała -- December 3 , 2007 , Bielsko - Biała ) was a Polish luger who competed during the mid-1960s .
Michele Ruggieri ( 1543 , Spinazzola , Bari , Italy -- 11 May 1607 , Salerno , Italy ; Chinese : 羅明堅 ; pinyin : Luó Míngjiān ) was an Italian Jesuit priest .
Johann Heinrich Hoffmann ( 1669 in /Thüringen ; April 6 , 1716 in Berlin ) was a German astronomer .
Vojtěch Náprstek ( often called Vojta ) ( 17 April 1826 , in Prague -- 2 September 1894 ) , was a Czech philanthropist , patriot and politician , as well as a pioneering Czech language journalist in the United States .
Adolf Maislinger ( December 9 , 1903 , Munich -- April 26 , 1985 , Munich ) was a member of the German Resistance and was a survivor of Dachau concentration camp .
Gerd Weisgerber ( January 24 , 1938 , Saarwellingen -- June 22 , 2010 , Recklinghausen ) was an eminent German professor of mining archaeology .
Luis Induni ( 5 March 1920 , Romano di Lombardia , Bergamo , Lombardy , Italy - 31 December 1979 , Barcelona , Spain ) was an Italian film actor of the 1950s 1960s and 1970s .
Cornelis Verbeeck ( 1590 - -1637 ) , also known as Cornelis Verbeecq , was a Dutch Golden Age painter from Haarlem .
So on 12 December 627 , near Nineveh , Heraclius drew up his army on a plain and waited for Rhahzadh .
In March 1906 Emerenz Meier followed her father and her sisters to Chicago .
Petros Peloponnesios ( `` Peter the Peloponnesian '' ) or Peter the Lampadarios ( c. 1730 Tripolis--1778 Constantinople ) was a great cantor , composer and teacher of Byzantine music .
Franz Pfanner ( born 1825 , Langen , Vorarlberg -- 24 May 1909 ) was an Austrian Trappist monk and founder of Mariannhill Monastery in South Africa and the Mariastern Abbey in Banja Luka , Bosnia .
Duke Alexander of Württemberg ( Mömpelgard / Montbéliard , then Württemberg ( now France ) , 5 May 1771 -- Gotha , Thuringia , Germany , 4 July 1833 ) was a Duke of Württemberg .
Paul Klinger ( 14 June 1907 , Essen -- 14 November 1971 , Munich ) , whose real name was Paul Karl Heinrich Klinksik , was a German stage and film actor who also worked in radio drama and soundtrack dubbing .
Charles Hallgarten , or Charles / Karl Lazarus Hallgarten ( November 18 , 1838 , Mainz -- April 19 , 1908 , Frankfurt / Main ) was a German banker and philanthropist .
Panos Papadopulos ( 1 August 1920 , Kerassus , Ottoman Empire , today -- 18 February 2001 , Munich ) was a German - Greek actor .
Folmar of Karden ( ca . 1135 -- 1189 ) , also occurring in the variant forms Fulmar , Vollmar , Formal , or Formator , was the Archbishop of Trier from 1183 and the last not also to be a prince elector .
Sir William Chandler Roberts - Austen , ( 3 March 1843 in Kennington - 22 November 1902 , London ) , was an English metallurgist noted for his research on the physical properties of metals and their alloys .
Walter Schulz ( November 18 , 1912 , in Gnadenfeld / Oberschlesien - June 12 , 2000 , in Tübingen ) was a German philosopher .
Nicolae Teclu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( nikoˈla.e ˈteklu ) ) ; ( 11 October 1839 , Kronstadt , Austrian Empire ( today Brașov , Romania ) -- 13 July 1916 , Vienna , Austria - Hungary ) was a Romanian chemist , who gave his name to the worldwide - used `` Teclu burner '' .
Charles Pérez ( 19 May 1873 in Bordeaux -- 22 September 1952 in Paris ) was a French zoologist best known for his research of marine invertebrates and insects .
Mikołaj z Radomia was a Polish composer working in the first half of the 15th century , probably in Kraków , known only through his signatures on a few compositions : `` N. de Radom '' , `` Nicolaus de Radom '' and `` Mycolay Radomsky '' .
Bjarne Brustad ( 4 March 1895 , in Kristiania , now Oslo -- 20 May 1978 , in Oslo ) was a Norwegian composer , violinist and violist .
Grzegorz Przemyk ( May 17 , 1964 -- May 14 , 1983 ) was a young , aspiring Polish poet from Warsaw , who was murdered by members of the Communist People 's Milicja Obywatelska .
Maria Anna Angelika Kauffmann RA ( 30 October 1741 -- 5 November 1807 ) , usually known in English as Angelica Kauffman , was an Austrian Neoclassical painter who had a successful career in London and Rome .
Alessandro Piccolomini ( 13 June 1508 -- 12 March 1579 ) was an Italian humanist and philosopher from Siena , who promoted the popularization in the vernacular of Latin and Greek scientific and philosophical treatises .
Johannes Türn ( 27 May 1899 , Tartu -- 8 March 1993 Tallinn ) was an Estonian chess player .
Joseph Diaz Gergonne ( 19 June 1771 at Nancy , France -- 4 May 1859 at Montpellier , France ) was a French mathematician and logician .
Benson Mates ( May 19 , 1919 , Portland , Oregon -- May 14 , 2009 , Berkeley , California ) was an American philosopher , noted for his work in logic , the history of philosophy , and skepticism .
Juan Francisco González Escobar ( born Santiago , Chile , September 25 , 1853 ; died Santiago , March 4 , 1933 ) is known as one of the four Great Chilean Masters and as the archetypal romantic bohemian artist of the early 20th century .
Erwin Ratz ( 22 December 1898 , Graz -- 12 December 1973 , Vienna ) was an Austrian musicologist and music theorist .
Davide Ghirlandaio ( 1452 - -1525 ) , also known as David Ghirlandaio and as Davide Bigordi , was an Italian painter and mosaicist , active in his native Florence .
Paul Sarasin studied medicine and natural science at the University of Basel with Leopold Ruetimeyer , where he also met Fritz Sarasin , and at the University of Würzburg .
Pierre Michaux ( June 25 , 1813 -- 1883 ) was a blacksmith who furnished parts for the carriage trade in Paris during the 1850s and 1860s .
Joaquim Pereira Teixeira de Vasconcelos ( 2 November 1877 , Amarante Municipality , Portugal - 14 December 1952 , Gatão , Portugal ) , better known by his pen name Teixeira de Pascoaes , was a Portuguese poet .
Archimandrite Nićifor Dučić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Нићифор Дучић ; 1832 - -1900 ) , was a Herzegovinian Serb theologian , historian , philologist and writer , educated in Belgrade and Paris .
Jarl Waldemar Lindeberg ( August 4 , 1876 , Helsinki -- December 12 , 1932 , Helsinki ) was a Finnish mathematician known for work on the central limit theorem .
Angie Zapata ( 5 August 1989 -- 17 July 2008 ) was an American trans woman beaten to death in Greeley , Colorado .
Émile Banning was a leading negotiator at the time of the negotiations on the status of Congo of Berlin in 1884 and Brussels in 1890 .
François Pourfour du Petit ( June 24 , 1664 -- June 18 , 1741 ) was a French anatomist , ophthalmologist and surgeon who was a native of Paris .
Mikheil Meskhi ( Georgian : მიხეილ მესხი ; Russian : Михаил Шалвович Месхи ; born 12 January 1937 in Tbilisi ; died 22 April 1991 in Tbilisi ) was a Georgian footballer .
Mario Giacomelli ( Senigallia , 1 August 1925 -- Senigallia , 25 November 2000 ) was an Italian photographer .
Albert Désiré Barre ( Paris 6 May 1818 - 29 December 1878 ) , was a French engraver , medalist , and the 18th Chief Engraver of the Paris Mint from 27 February 1855 to his death .
Antonio Berlese ( 26 June 1863 in Padua -- 24 October 1927 in Florence ) was an Italian entomologist .
Lykourgos Kallergis died at the Giorgos Gennimatas hospital in Athens on August 27 , 2011 , at the age of 97 .
Stanisław Jaśkowski ( April 22 , 1906 , Warsaw -- November 16 , 1965 , Warsaw ) was a Polish logician who made important contributions to proof theory and formal semantics .
Rihard Jakopič was born in Krakovo , a suburb of Ljubljana , the capital of Carniola in the Austria--
Evelyn Laye , CBE ( 10 July 1900 -- 17 February 1996 ) was an English theatre and musical film actress , who was active on the London light opera stage .
Hal Pereira ( April 29 , 1905 , Chicago , Illinois - December 17 , 1983 , Los Angeles , California ) was an American art director , production designer , and occasional architect .
Antonio Cornazzano ( c. 1430 in Piacenza -- 1515 in Ferrara ) was an Italian poet , writer , biographer , and dancing master .
The Blessed Bernardine of Feltre ( sometimes Bernardinus of Feltre ) was a Friar Minor and missionary , b. at Feltre , Italy , in 1439 and d. at Pavia , 28 September 1494 .
Josef Meixner ( April 24 , 1908 in Percha near Starnberg -- March 19 , 1994 in Aachen , Germany ) was a German theoretical physicist known for his work on the physics of deformable bodies , thermodynamics , statistical mechanics , Meixner polynomials , Meixner - Pollaczek polynomials , and spheroidal wave functions .
Jacob Querido ( `` the Beloved '' , ca . 1650 - -1690 , Alexandria , Egypt ) was the successor of the self - proclaimed Jewish Messiah Sabbatai Zevi .
Baroness Elizaveta Alexandrovna Stroganova ( 3/5 February 1779 - 8 April OS : 27 March 1818 , Paris ) ( Russian - Елизавета Александровна Строганова ) was a Russian aristocrat of the Stroganov family .
Luciano Pavarotti was born in 1935 on the outskirts of Modena in Northern Italy , the son of Fernando Pavarotti , a baker and amateur tenor , and Adele Venturi , a cigar factory worker .
Pompeius Planta ( or Pompejus ( von ) Planta , 1570 - -25 February 1621 , Rietberg Castle ) was a leader of the Spanish - Austrian Party during the so - called Bündner Wirren .
Germain Sommeiller was born in Saint - Jeoire ( now part of Haute - Savoie , France ) on February 15 , 1815 .
Edward Wightman ( c.1580 ? -- 11 April 1612 ) was an English radical Anabaptist , executed at Lichfield on charges of heresy .
Jules - Édouard Alboize de Pujol ( 1805 , Montpellier -- 9 April 1854 , Paris ) was a French historian and playwright .
Christian Kramp 's father was his teacher at grammar school in Strasbourg .
Urania Mella Serrano , ( Vigo , 1900 - Lugo , 1945 ) was a Galician politician , and forerunner of the women 's associationism .
Ernst Anton Wülfing ( 27 November 1860 , Elberfeld -- 17 December 1930 , Bad Wörishofen ) was a German mineralogist and petrographer , known for his research on the optical properties of minerals and meteorites .
Decio Scuri ( March 18 , 1905 in Naples , Italy -- April 22 , 1980 in Rome , Italy ) was an Italian basketball coach and administrator .
Saint John Climacus ( Greek : Ἰωάννης τῆς Κλίμακος ; Latin : Ioannes Climacus ) , also known as John of the Ladder , John Scholasticus and John Sinaites , was a 7th - century Christian monk at the monastery on Mount Sinai .
Ndawa or Dawa ( c. 1850 -- 1888 ) was an important war chief in the Mendeland region , in present - day Sierra Leone , in the 19th century .
Raffaele Costantino ( June 14 , 1907 in Bari -- June 3 , 1991 in Milan ) was an Italian football player from Bari , Apulia .
Walter Franz ( 8 April 1911 in Munich -- 16 February 1992 in Münster ) was a theoretical physicist who independently discovered the Franz--
Anna Maria Ortese ( June 14 , 1914 in Rome -- March 10 , 1998 in Rapallo , Genoa ) was an Italian short story writer and a poet .
Marianna Martines or Marianne von Martinez ( Vienna , May 4 , 1744 -- December 13 , 1812 ) , was an Austrian singer , pianist and composer of the classical period .
Isidoro Bianchi called da Campione ( 20 July 1581 , Campione d'Italia , Lombardy -- 5 December 1662 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Emil Wutzky ( 4 October 1871 in Berlin - 30 December 1963 in West Berlin ) was German unionist , cooperativist and social - democratic politician .
Louis Lafitte ( 15 November 1770 , Paris - 3 August 1828 , Paris ) was a French painter , designer , illustrator and muralist .
Médard Albrand ( 8 June 1898 in Petit - Canal , Guadeloupe -- 26 July 1981 in Paris ) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1958 - 1967 .
Charles H. Aldrich ( August 28 , 1850 , LaGrange County , Indiana -- April 13 , 1929 , Chicago ) was a Solicitor General of the United States .
Gisela Agnes of Anhalt - Köthen ( 21 September 1722 , Köthen -- 20 April 1751 , Dessau ) was a princess of Anhalt - Köthen by birth and by marriage Duchess of Anhalt - Dessau .
Elisha Reynolds Potter ( June 20 , 1811 -- April 10 , 1882 ) was a politician and jurist from Kingston , Rhode Island .
Igor Kon died in Moscow , aged 82 , in 2011 , from cancer .
John Tenniel Junior was born on 28 February 1820 in Bayswater , West London , to his parents John Baptist and Eliza Maria .
Joseph Fischhof ( 4 April 1804 -- 28 June 1857 ) was a Czech - Austrian pianist , composer and professor at the Vienna Conservatory of Music , belonging to the Romantic school .
Carl Diem ( born June 24 , 1882 , Würzburg -- December 17 , 1962 , Cologne ) was a German sports administrator , and as Secretary General of the Organizing Committee of the Berlin Olympic Games , the chief organizer of the 1936 Olympic Summer Games .
Friedrich Wilhelm Putzger ( 10 January 1849 , Siebenlehn - 3 August 1913 , Plauen ) was a German teacher and cartographer .
Robert Fitz Richard ( 1064 - -1136 ) was an Anglo - Norman feudal baron of Little Dunmow , Essex and constable of Baynard 's Castle in the City of London .
Camille Clovis Trouille ( 24 October 1889 in La Fère , France -- 24 September 1975 in Paris ) , worked as a restorer and decorator of department store mannequins , but is remembered as a Sunday painter who trained at the École des Beaux - Arts of Amiens from 1905 to 1910 .
Jan van Beekum ( 16 August 1918 in The Hague - 29 November 2001 in Dieren ) was a Dutch Composer and Conductor .
Johannes Schlaf ( June 21 , 1862 in Querfurt -- February 2 , 1941 in Querfurt ) was a German playwright , author , and translator and an important exponent of Naturalism .
Johannes Herman Frederik Umbgrove ( February 5 , 1899 Hulsberg ( Limburg ) - June 14 , 1954 Wassenaar ) , called in short Jan Umbgrove , was a Dutch geologist and Earth scientist .
At around 6 pm on 23 May 1992 , near the Capaci exit of on the A29 Palermo - Trapani highway , 500 kg of plastic explosive exploded beneath the three car motorcade conveying Francesca Morvillo and Giovanni Falcone from Rome to their Palermo home .
Rebecca Lemp ( d. 1590 ) was a German woman who was accused of witchcraft and burned at the stake in Nördlingen .
Henry McKee Minton ( 25 December 1870 - 29 December 1946 ) was an African - American doctor who was one of the founders of Sigma Pi Phi and was Superintendent of the Mercy Hospital of Philadelphia for twenty four years .
The Rev. Dr. Arthur M. Brazier ( July 22 , 1921 -- October 22 , 2010 ) was an American activist , author and pastor emeritus of the Apostolic Church of God in Chicago , Illinois .
Aurel Vlaicu died on September 13 , 1913 near Câmpina , on the outskirts of Bănești commune while attempting to be the first to fly across the Carpathian Mountains in his now aged A. Vlaicu Nr . II . He was expected to participate in the ASTRA festivities in Orăștie , near Binţinţi .
In 2000 , Harry Riccobene died from sepsis at the State Correctional Institute at Dallas , Pennsylvania .
Giovanni Andrea Bontempi ( Perugia , ca . 1624 - -1 July 1705 ) was an Italian castrato singer , later composer , historian , music theorist , and assistant kapellmeister to Heinrich Schütz at Dresden from 1657 .
George Cathcart Woolley ( 24 December 1876 -- 6 December 1947 ) was a British colonial administrator in North Borneo ( now Sabah ) in the early part on the twentieth century .
George W. Headley ( January 8 1908 -- February 7 1985 ) was a noted twentieth - century jewelry designer , collector , socialite and founder of the Headley - Whitney Museum in Lexington , Kentucky .
On 25 August , Victor Iturria was killed by a machine gun burst in an ambush near Blain in Loire - Atlantique department .
John Sutherland Whitewright ( Chinese : 怀恩光 ; pinyin : Huái ēnguāng , September 5 , 1858 in Edinburgh - January 10 , 1926 in Tianjin ) was a British Baptist missionary to China in the late 19th and early 20th century .
( André Jacques ) Victor Orsel ( 25 May 1795 , Oullins , Rhône - 30 November 1850 , Paris ) was a French painter .
Judah Bergman , known as Jack Kid Berg or Jackie Kid Berg ( 28 June 1909 -- 22 April 1991 ) , was an English boxer born in the East End of London , who became the World Light Welterweight Champion in 1930 .
Sir James Dromgole Linton ( 26 December 1840 , St Pancras , London -- 3 October 1916 , Hampstead , London ) was an English painter in oil and water - colour and a lithographer .
Baroness Bethsabée de Rothschild ( assumed the name Batsheva after moving to Israel in 1951 ) , b. September 23 , 1914 in London , d. April 20 , 1999 in Tel Aviv , Israel , was a philanthropist , a patron of dance , and member of the Rothschild banking family .
Moshe Marzouk ( Hebrew : משה מרזוק‎ ; or Musa Lieto Marzuk , Arabic : موسى ليتو مرزوق‎ ; born 20 December 1926 -- 31 January 1955 ) was an Egyptian Karaite Jew , hanged in 1955 for his involvement in a series of terrorist bombings in Cairo codenamed Operation Suzannah .
Leopold Dukes ( Hungarian : Dux Lipót ; 17 January 1810 , Pozsony -- 3 August 1891 , Vienna ) was a Hungarian critic of Jewish literature .
Albert Vigoleis Thelen ( 28 September 1903 in Süchteln , Lower Rhine region , Germany - 9 April 1989 in Dülken , Germany ) was a German author and translator ( from Portuguese ) .
Taddeo Gaddi ( c. 1290 , Florence -- 1366 , Florence ) was a medieval Italian painter and architect .
Pierce Brodkorb ( September 29 , 1908 in Chicago , Illinois -- July 18 , 1992 in Gainesville , Florida ) , also stated as William Pierce Brodkorb , was an American ornithologist and paleontologist .
Kálmán Konrád ( 23 May 1896 in Bácspalánka -- 10 May 1980 in Stockholm , Sweden ) , an inside right , was one of the best football players in the Kingdom of Hungary in the 1910s , and played on the Hungarian National team with his brother , Jenő Konrád .
Benjamin Herschel Babbage ( 6 August 1815 -- 22 October 1878 ) was an English engineer , scientist , explorer and politician , best known for his work in the colony of South Australia .
Ludwig Hopf ( 23 October 1884 in Nürnberg , Germany -- 23 December 1939 in Dublin , Ireland ) was a German - Jewish theoretical physicist who made contributions to mathematics , special relativity , hydrodynamics , and aerodynamics .
Lucos Cozza ( born in Rome , Italy , on 11 April 1921 -- 27 June 2011 ) was a Roman archaeologist .
Wilhelm Ehm ( August 30 , 1918 in Pula , Austro Hungarian Empire -- August 9 , 2009 in Rostock , Germany ) a World War II Wehrmacht veteran and East German Admiral who was Deputy Minister of National Defense of the German Democratic Republic and head of the People 's Navy ( Volksmarine ) .
Luigi Veronesi ( 28 May 1908 in Milan -- 25 February 1998 in Milan ) was an Italian photographer , painter , scenographer and film director .
Carlos Wyld Ospina ( b. Antigua Guatemala , June 19 , 1891 -- Quetzaltenango , June 19 , 1956 ) was a Guatemalan novelist , essayist and poet .
Mohamed Rahmat died on 1 January 2010 in Kuala Lumpur , aged of 71 .
On Brighton 's West Pier , The Great Omani was known for jumping though open flames into a bed of glass .
Baron Ferenc Ottinger ( Sopron , 1792 -- Vienna , 8 April 1869 ) was a Lieutenant General to Franz Josef I of Austria , a Cavalry General and one of the leading generals in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 .
Born in Byala Slatina to a mother teacher and a father lawyer , Blaga Dimitrova was raised in Veliko Tarnovo and then moved to Sofia .
Ciarán Bourke was born in Dublin on 18 February 1935 , but lived most of his life in Tibradden , County Dublin .
Sigmund Feist ( Mainz , 12 June 1865 - Copenhagen , 23 March 1943 ) was a German Jewish pedagogue and historical linguist .
Christian Joseph Berres Edler von Perez ( 18 March 1796 , Göding - 24 December 1844 , Vienna ) was an Austrian anatomist .
Syd Barrett was born as Roger Keith Barrett in the English city of Cambridge to a middle - class family living at 60 Glisson Road .
Ercole Carzino ( born October 9 , 1901 in Sampierdarena ; died in 1980 ) was a retired Italian professional football player .
Karl Otto Ludwig von Arnim ( August 1 , 1779 in Berlin -- February 9 , 1861 in Berlin ) was a German travel writer .
Juan David Ochoa Vásquez ( c. 1949 -- 25 July 2013 ) was a Colombian drug trafficker and one of the founders of the Medellín Cartel , a major drug trafficking cartel based in the city of Medellín .
Tadeusz Michejda ( 26 September 1879 in Nawsie - 18 May 1956 in Warsaw ) was a Polish physician and politician from the region of Cieszyn Silesia .
Max Fränkel ( Landsberg an der Warthe , 11 March 1846 - Berlin , 10 June 1903 ) was a German classical scholar , philologist , epigrapher and librarian .
Franz Riedel survived the war and died on the 17 May 2001 in Straubing , Germany .
Heinrich Gomperz ( January 18 , 1873 in Vienna , Austria - Hungary -- December 27 , 1942 in Los Angeles , California ) was an Austrian philosopher .
Maarten Maartens , pen name of Jozua Marius Willem van der Poorten Schwartz ( 15 August 1858 in Amsterdam -- 3 August 1915 in Doorn ) , was a Dutch writer , who wrote in English .
Auguste Fickert ( born 25 May 1855 , Vienna - died 9 June 1910 , Maria Enzersdorf , Austria ) was a pioneering Austrian feminist and social reformer .
Glyn Owen died of cancer aged 76 , on 10 September 2004 , in Gwynedd , Wales .
Johann Georg Rosenhain ( 10 June 1816 in Königsberg -- 14 March 1887 Berlin ) was a German mathematician who introduced theta characteristics .
Adrianus Petit Coclico ( Flanders , 1499 -- Copenhagen , after September 1562 ) was a Netherlandish composer of the Renaissance .
Horst Dohlus ( born Plauen 30 May 1925 : died Berlin 28 April 2007 ) was a high ranking SED party functionary in the German Democratic Republic and a member of the country 's National Legislative Assembly ( Volkskammer ) .
William Willard Ashe died on March 18 , 1932 in Washington , D.C. He is buried in Oakwood Cemetery in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Lorimer Johnston ( November 2 , 1858 in Maysville , Kentucky -- February 20 , 1941 in Hollywood , California ) was an American silent film actor and director .
Wilhelm Hanle ( 13 January 1901 -- 29 April 1993 , Gießen ) was a German experimental physicist .
Rhett Forrester ( September 22 , 1956 , Tucker , Georgia -- January 22 , 1994 , Atlanta , Georgia ) was an American musician best known as the lead singer for New York - based band Riot from 1981 until 1984 .
Giacinto Gimignani ( 1606 -- December 9 , 1681 ) was an Italian painter , active mainly in Rome , during the Baroque period .
Gérard Saint ( Renouard , 11 July 1935 -- Le Mans , 16 March 1960 ) was a French professional road bicycle racer .
Hugh de Lacy , Lord of Meath , 4th Baron Lacy , ( ( born before 1135 ) , died 25 July 1186 , Durrow , Leinster ) was an Anglo - Norman magnate .
Mikael Toppelius ( 10 August 1734 , Oulu -- 27 December 1821 , Oulu ) was a Finnish church painter ; the last significant representative of the Ostrobothnian church painting tradition .
Teri Moïse ( born March 25 , 1970 , Los Angeles , California -- died May 7 , 2013 , Madrid , Spain ) was a Haitian - American French singer .
Henri Huet ( April 4 , 1927 -- 10 February 1971 ) was a French war photographer , noted for his work covering the Vietnam War for Associated Press ( AP ) .
Domenico Gizzi ( Arpino , 1680-Naples , 1745 ) was an Italian singing teacher .
Samuel Sarphati ( January 31 , 1813 -- June 23 , 1866 ) was a Dutch physician and Amsterdam city planner .
Louise Peete was first imprisoned at San Quentin State Prison before being transferred to the California Institution for Women in Tehachapi , California .
John Orlando ( born October 15 , 1960 ) is a Ghanaian - born Nigerian ex - footballer who played for the Nigerian national football team as a defender .
Francesco Montervino ( born 7 May 1978 ) is an Italian football sporting director and former midfielder , who last played for Salernitana .
Per Ciljan Skjelbred ( born 16 June 1987 ) is a Norwegian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Hertha Berlin .
Rous Samoeun ( born 20 December 1994 ) is a Cambodian footballer who plays as a defender for Boeung Ket Angkor and the Cambodia national football team .
Brendan Chardonnet ( born 22 December 1994 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defender for Stade Brestois 29 on loan at SAS Epinal .
Frank Noel George ( 26 December 1897 -- 1929 ) was a footballer in the 1910s and 1920s who played as a goalkeeper .
Prestin Ryan ( born June 29 , 1980 in Arcola , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who plays for ERC Ingolstadt of the German DEL .
Mamadouba Resmu Camara nicknamed Maxime Camara ( born 1943 ) is a former Guinea international football midfielder .
Ran Kadoch ( or Ran Kadosh , Hebrew : רן קדוש‎ ; born 4 October 1985 ) is an Israeli professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Bnei Sakhnin .
Peter Zanter ( born 11 November 1965 ) is a retired German football defender and current coach .
Antonio Donnarumma ( Italian pronunciation : ( anˈtɔnjo dɔnnaˈrumma ) ; born 7 July 1990 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Genoa .
Giovanni Pérez ( born 14 October 1974 in San Cristóbal ) is a Venezuelan football midfielder who made a total number of 30 appearances for the Venezuela national team between 1997 and 2007 .
Tomáš Frejlach ( born 24 November 1985 in Čáslav ) is a Czech football midfielder , who currently plays for the Czech Gambrinus liga side FC Zbrojovka Brno on loan from SK Slavia Praha .
Erik Meyer ( born December 28 , 1982 ) is a professional American football quarterback who is currently a free agent .
Vladimir Beara ( 2 November 1928 -- 11 August 2014 ) was a Yugoslav football player , as goalkeeper , and also football manager .
Witthaya Hloagune or Witthaya Laohakul previously nicknamed `` Heng '' ( Lucky ) ( Thai : วิทยา เลาหกุล ; born February 1 , 1954 in Lamphun Province , Thailand ) is a football former midfielder and current manager from Thailand .
Ivor Evans is a Fijian retired midfielder .
Paulo Roberto Oliveira Baptista ( born 1 July 1992 in Santa Maria da Feira , Aveiro District ) , known as Chapinha , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for A.D. Sanjoanense as a winger .
Stanislav Hudzikevych ( Ukrainian : Станіслав Олександрович Гудзікевич ; born 7 March 1978 in Mohyliv - Podilskyi , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union , now Ukraine ) , is a Ukrainian football midfielder , that currently is unattached .
Charley Roussel Fomen ( born 9 July 1989 in Buea ) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Icelandic club Leiknir Reykjavík as a left defender .
Sergio Petrelli ( born July 27 , 1944 in Ascoli Piceno ) is a former Italian professional footballer who played as a defender .
Isael da Silva Barbosa ( born May 13 , 1988 , in São Paulo , Brazil ) , most commonly known as Isael , is a Brazilian midfielder who plays for FC Kairat in the Kazakhstan Premier League .
Danny Sleath ( born 14 December 1986 in Matlock ) is an English footballer who most recently played for Conference North side Tamworth , where he played as a midfielder .
Ngangom Bala Devi ( born 2 February 1990 ) is an Indian women 's footballer who plays as a forward for the India women 's team and the Manipur women 's team .
Bobby Joe Hill was the 5'10 point guard from Highland Park , Michigan on the Texas Western college basketball team that won the national title in 1966 .
Denise Bender is a retired American soccer defender who was a member of the 1985 United States women 's national soccer team .
Lizo Mjempu ( born 1 January 1984 in Queenstown , Eastern Cape ) is a South African professional footballer , who plays as a defender for Moroka Swallows .
Jarosław Tkocz ( born 25 February 1973 in Rybnik ) is a Polish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for GKS Katowice , FC Shinnik Yaroslavl and FC Ural Sverdlovsk Oblast .
Ruslan Amirjanov ( Azerbaijani : Ruslan Əmircanov , born on 1 February 1985 in Mingachevir , Soviet Union ) is an Azerbaijani defender .
Ahmad Khormali ( Persian : احمد خرمالی‎ ) is an Iranian football goalkeeper .
Zakaria Hadraf ( born 24 September 1990 ) is a Moroccan professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Difaâ El Jadida .
Javier Calleja Revilla ( born 12 May 1978 ) is a Spanish football coach and a former player who played mainly as a left midfielder .
Emerson dos Santos da Silva ( born 3 May 1983 ) , simply known as Emerson , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Botafogo , as a central defender .
McDonald Mariga Wanyama ( pronounced ( mɨkˈdɒnʌld mɑˈriːɡɑ wɑˈŋɑːmɑ ) ; born 4 April 1987 ) is a Kenyan footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Kenya national team and Latina .
Pau Morer Vicente ( born 10 October 1995 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Norwegian club Sandefjord as a midfielder .
Fabiano Eller dos Santos , known as Fabiano Eller ( born 19 November 1977 in Linhares ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for Náutico .
Paolo Bellucci ( born 18 January 1986 , in Gualdo Tadino ) is an Italian association football forward who currently plays for A.S. Gualdo Calcio .
Iván de la Peña López ( Spanish pronunciation : ( iˈβan delaˈpeɲa ) ; born 6 May 1976 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder .
Ruslan Solyanyk ( Ukrainian : Руслан Соляник ; born 8 August 1984 , Poltava ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender and midfielder who currently plays for the Ukrainian Second League side Kremin Kremenchuk .
Ingegerd Marie Hammarström ( born 29 March 1982 ) , born in Glanshammar , Sweden , is a former football midfielder who played for Damallsvenskan teams KIF Örebro DFF , Umeå IK and Kopparbergs / Göteborg FC .
Tomasz Abramowicz ( born 15 February 1979 in Ełk ) is a Polish footballer who currently plays as a midfielder or forward for Start Wola Mielecka .
Ian McMahon ( born 7 October 1964 in Wells , Somerset , England ) , is an English footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League .
Abel Gómez Moreno ( born 20 February 1982 ) , known simply as Abel , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Cádiz CF as a midfielder .
Hussam Fawzi Naji ( born 3 September 1974 ) is an Iraqi footballer who is a forward , and former captain of the Iraq national football team .
Jeremy Van Hoof ( born August 12 , 1981 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for Nottingham Panthers of the Elite Ice Hockey League
Lucimar Ferreira da Silva ( born 8 May 1978 ) , commonly known as Lúcio , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for FC Goa of the Indian Super League as a central defender .
Dušan Maravić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душaн Mapaвић ; born March 7 , 1939 ) is a Serbian former midfielder who played for SFR Yugoslavia .
Arlind Rustemi ( born 7 February 1986 in Vlorë ) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a forward .
Branislav Bajić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бpaниcлaв Бajић ; born 5 May 1977 in Pirot ) is a Serbian football defender .
Lesley Higgs ( née Shipp ; born 25 October 1965 ) is an English former international women 's football goalkeeper .
Sijce Andonova ( Macedonian : Сијче Андонова ; born 27 November 1992 ) is a Macedonian football defender or midfielder who plays for Blau - Weiss Hohen Neuendorf of the German Second Bundesligaand the Macedonia national team .
James Mangham ( 1 March 1907 -- 23 October 1995 ) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Serigne Khadim N'Diaye ( born 30 November 1984 in Dakar ) is a Senegalese footballer who plays for Guinean side Horoya AC as a goalkeeper .
Seppo Sairanen ( born 23 March 1952 ) is a Finnish football manager and a former football goalkeeper .
Florimond Vanhalme ( 21 March 1895 -- 4 July 1979 ) was a Belgium football midfielder , who still is record Belgian international for Cercle Brugge , the team where he spent all of his career .
Mustafa Peštalić ( born 28 March 1963 ) is a Bosnian football manager and former goalkeeper who played in several clubs in Yugoslavia , Portugal and Hong Kong .
Abbas Hassan ( Arabic : عباس حسن‎ ; born 10 May 1985 ) is a Lebanese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Aleksandr Dmitrijev ( born 18 February 1982 ) is an Estonian professional footballer of Russian descent who plays as a midfielder for Estonian Meistriliiga club Infonet and the Estonia national football team .
Roman Čechmánek ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈroman ˈtʃɛxmaːnɛk ) ; born March 2 , 1971 ) is a former Czech professional ice hockey goaltender .
Mario Götze ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɡœtsə ) ; born 3 June 1992 ) is a German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Bayern Munich and the Germany national team .
Craig Hillier ( born February 28 , 1978 , in Cole Harbour , Nova Scotia , Canada ) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender .
José René Higuita Zapata ( Spanish pronunciation : ( reˈne iˈɣita ) ; born 27 August 1966 in Medellín ) is a Colombian former football goalkeeper nicknamed El Loco ( `` The Madman '' ) .
Momčilo Bošković ( born 5 October 1951 ) is a retired footballer who played as a midfielder for club sides in Yugoslavia , Greece and Portugal .
Dmytro Plakhtyr ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Геннадійович Плахтир ; born 14 February 1996 in Zaporizhya , Ukraine ) is an Ukrainian football midfielder .
Adrià Carmona Pérez ( born 8 February 1992 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Albacete Balompié as a left winger or attacking midfielder .
Aitor Sanz Martín ( born 13 September 1984 in Madrid ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Tenerife as a central midfielder .
Oleksandr Obrevko ( Ukrainian : Олександр Обревко ) was born on 31 May 1984 in the village Frunzivka Poltava Oblast , Ukraine ) and is a Ukrainian football midfielder .
Krasimir Dimitrov ( born 5 November 1971 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer , who played as a midfielder .
He played in the Pinta de Craque football academy owned by his father , Bruno Uvini , known by Tuca , a former central defender at Ponte Preta , before moving to PAEC 's youth system .
Yohan Cabaye ( French pronunciation : ​(jɔ.an ka.baj ) ; born 14 January 1986 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for English club Crystal Palace and the France national team .
Stan Kyles ( born February 26 , 1961 , in Chicago , Illinois ) is a former minor league baseball pitcher , who served as the bullpen coach for the Milwaukee Brewers .
Leandro Barrera ( born February 22 , 1991 ) is an Argentine football forward who plays for San Jose Earthquakes in Major League Soccer .
Azing Griever ( born 21 July 1945 , Noordbroek ) is a Dutch football coach and former goalkeeper .
Lee Min - kyu ( Korean : 이민규 ; born 6 January 1989 ) is a South Korean football defender , who plays for Chungju Hummel in the K League Challenge .
José Mingorance Chimeno ( born 10 April 1938 in Castro de Sanabria , Cobreros , Zamora ) , is a retired Spanish footballer , who played as a defender .
Rubens Raimundo da Silva ( born 10 October 1989 ) , commonly known as Esquerdinha , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Coritiba , on loan from Ituano , as an attacking midfielder .
Flavia Schwarz ( born 11 July 1986 ) is a Swiss former football midfielder who played for FC Zürich and FFC Zuchwil 05 in the Nationalliga A. She currently serves as FC Zürich second team 's assistant coach .
Tomáš Hrdlička ( born 17 February 1982 ) is a Czech football defender who recently played as a defender for the Corgoň Liga club Slovan Bratislava .
Ermin Hasić ( born 19 May 1975 in Koper ) is a retired Slovenian footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Horst Bertl ( born 24 March 1947 ) is a retired German football midfielder .
Selim Bouadla ( born August 26 , 1988 in Rosny - sous - Bois , Seine - Saint - Denis ) is a French - Algerian football player who is currently playing as a midfielder for Académica in the Portuguese Primeira Liga .
Nikola Đurić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Ђурић ; born 6 November 1989 ) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Rad in Serbian SuperLiga .
Mickaël Roche ( born 24 December 1982 ) is a footballer from Papeete , Tahiti , who plays as a goalkeeper for AS Dragon .
Sob Evariste Dibo ( born 27 December 1968 ) , is a former Ivorian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Or Erez is an Israeli football midfielder currently playing in the Ligat Nashim Rishona for Maccabi Holon , with which she has also played in the European Cup .
Oscar Crino ( born 9 August 1962 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a former Australian international footballer who played as a central midfielder .
Cesidio Colasante is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the National Professional Soccer League and USL A - League .
Edenílson Andrade dos Santos , commonly known as Edenílson , ( born 18 December 1989 in Porto Alegre ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central midfielder and right back for Serie A club Udinese .
Fernando Agostinho da Costa ( born October 10 , 1981 in Luanda ) better known as Chara , is an Angolan football midfielder who currently plays for Petro Atlético .
Danny Mueller is a retired American - born , Puerto Rico association football midfielder who played professionally in the USL A - League and for the Puerto Rico national football team .
Moshe Asis ( Hebrew : משה עסיס‎ ; born October 9 , 1943 ) is a former Israeli football midfielder , who had most major appearances in Maccabi Tel Aviv , played from 1961 to 1973 and most successful player of the Maccabi Tel Aviv 's history on the 1960s .
Milenko Špoljarić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Миленко Шпољарић , born January 24 , 1967 ) is a football manager and a former Cypriot international football midfielder .
Zhang Ke ( simplified Chinese : 张可 ; traditional Chinese : 張可 ; pinyin : Zhāng Kě ; born 20 March 1985 ) is a Chinese football defender who currently plays for Henan Construction .
Alberto Aguilar Leiva ( born 12 July 1984 ) , known simply as Alberto , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays fo Australian club Western Sydney Wanderers FC as a defensive midfielder or central defender .
Patrick Guillou ( born 16 April 1970 ) is a retired German - born French football defender .
Oleksandr Volovyk ( Ukrainian : Олександр Ігорович Воловик ; born 28 October 1985 in Krasyliv , Khmelnytskyi Oblast , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian footballer defender playing for the profession football club OH Leuven in the Belgian Pro League , on loan from FC Shakhtar Donetsk .
Syamsir Alam ( born 6 July 1992 in Agam , Indonesia ) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Pelita Bandung Raya .
George Kottaras ( kə - TAYR - iss ; born May 10 , 1983 ) is a Canadian professional baseball catcher in the San Francisco Giants organization .
Phạm Văn Tiến ( born 30 April 1993 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for V - League ( Vietnam ) club Hoàng Anh Gia Lai F.C ..
Felipe Mesones Temperán ( born 9 February 1936 ) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a right winger , and a current coach .
Nemanja Džodžo ( born 12 December 1986 ) is a Serbian football goalkeeper whose last know club was Irtysh Pavlodar .
Ali Peyrovani ( Persian : علی پیروانی‎ , born 20 July 1985 ) is an Iranian football defender of Moghavemat Sepasi F.C ..
Vladimir Mićović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Bлaдимир Мићовић ; born October 11 , 1975 in Aranđelovac ) is a retired Serbian football goalkeeper and current goalkeeping coach of Neftchi Baku .
Alexander Ring ( born 9 April 1991 ) , is a Finnish professional football midfielder who plays for German 2 .
Nicolò Fazzi ( born 2 March 1995 in Borgo a Mozzano ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Serie B club Crotone on loan from Fiorentina .
João Bosco de Freitas Chaves or simply Bosco ( born November 14 , 1974 in Escada - PE ) , is a retired Brazilian goalkeeper .
Jerry Santos ( born 17 December 1988 ) is a Kenyan footballer who currently plays for Posta Rangers as a midfielder .
Giampiero Pocetta ( born May 25 , 1965 in Rome ) is a retired Italian soccer player , active as a midfielder during the eighties and the nineties .
Adam Coleman ( born 7 October 1991 ) is an Australian rugby union player who plays as a lock for the Western Force in Super Rugby .
Peter Lérant ( born 30 January 1977 in Komárno ) is a Slovak football defender who is currently playing for MŠK - Thermál Veľký Meder .
Clemente Ovalle Barbosa ( born October 5 , 1982 in Monterrey ) is a Mexican professional footballer , currently playing as a midfielder for Mérida .
Gutieri Tomelin ( born August 1 , 1992 in Rio do Campo ) , is a Brazilian central defender .
Brad Marsh ( born March 31 , 1958 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played as a defenceman in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Martin Prusek ( born December 11 , 1975 ) is a Czech a former professional ice hockey goaltender and currently ice - hockey goaltender coach .
Erol Sabanov ( born 16 May 1974 ) is a Bulgarian - German former footballer of Turkish origin who played as a goalkeeper .
Matej Delač ( born 20 August 1992 ) is a Croatian goalkeeper originating in Bosnia and Herzegovina who plays for Sarajevo on loan from Chelsea .
Oļegs Laizāns ( born 28 March 1987 ) is a Latvian football midfielder , currently playing for Latvia national football team .
Stefan Giglio ( born 26 February 1979 in Valletta , Malta ) is a professional footballer who currently plays for Maltese First Division side Żurrieq , where he plays as a midfielder .
Dušan Pantelić ( Cyrillic : Душан Пантелић ; born 15 April 1993 ) is a Serbian football midfielder currently playing for Bežanija .
Denis Kulyash ( Russian : Денис Куляш ; born May 31 , 1983 ) is a professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Avangard Omsk of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Morteza Asadi ( born February 24 , 1979 ) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Iran Pro League side Gostaresh .
Ivan Katalinić ( born 17 May 1951 ) is a Croatian football manager and former Hajduk Split and Southampton goalkeeper .
Modestas Stonys ( born 17 January 1980 ) is a Lithuanian professional footballer , who plays in the Estonian Meistriliiga for FC Narva Trans . He plays the position of goalkeeper and is 1.88 m tall and weighs 80 kg . He is a former member of the Lithuania national football team .
Brian Steen Nielsen ( born 28 December 1968 ) is a former Danish professional footballer from Denmark , who most notably played 66 matches as a defensive midfielder for the Denmark national team between 1990 and 2002 , scoring three goals .
Joseph Andre Claude Cardin ( born February 17 , 1941 in Sorel - Tracy , Quebec ) is a Canadian former ice hockey left winger .
Joeri de Kamps ( born 10 February 1992 ) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Slovan Bratislava .
Aritz Solabarrieta Aranzamendi ( born 22 July 1983 in Ondarroa , Basque Country ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a right midfielder .
Dmytro Kozachenko ( born 11 January 1982 ) is a Ukrainian professional football goalkeeper who plays for Nasaf Qarshi in the Uzbek League .
Abdulhadi Al - Harajin ( Arabic : عبد الهادي الحراجين‎ ; born October 27 , 1994 ) is a Saudi footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hajer .
Tim Clancy ( born 8 June 1984 in Trim , County Meath ) is an Irish professional football player who plays as a defender for Sligo Rovers .
Fuad Salihović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Фуад Салиховић ; born 2 November 1985 ) is a Serbian football midfielder playing with FK Moravac Orion Mrštane .
Ricardo Hugo Sagardia Medrano ( born March 4 , 1993 in Bolivia ) is a Bolivian footballer who since 2011 has played defender for Bolívar .
Daði Lárusson ( born 19 June 1973 ) is an Icelandic footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for FH .
Stefan Pavlov ( Bulgarian : Стефан Павлов ; born 26 May 1945 in Godech ) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as а midfielder .
David D'Auria ( born 26 March 1970 ) is a Welsh football midfielder .
Serdar Kulbilge ( born 7 July 1980 ) is a Turkish footballer who last played for Elazığspor at the goalkeeper position .
Liu Yunfei ( Chinese:刘云飞 born May 8 , 1979 ) is a former Chinese international football goalkeeper who played for Tianjin Teda and Shanghai Shenhua .
Faik Kamberović ( born 25 July 1968 ) is a retired Bosnian footballer who played as a forward for several clubs in Slovenia , Croatia , Austria and Montenegro .
Shaun Marshall ( born October 30 , 1978 in Fakenham , England ) is a professional footballer playing with Eastern Counties League Premier Division side Dereham Town , where he plays as a goalkeeper .
Frank Gamble ( born 1871 , date of death unknown ) was a footballer who played in The Football League as an inside forward for Sheffield United .
Levon Pachajyan ( Armenian : Լեւոն Պաչաջյան , born on 20 September 1983 in Yerevan , Soviet Union ) is an Armenian football midfielder .
Chris Love ( born in Columbia , Maryland ) is an American soccer forward who currently serves as an assistant coach at UMass Boston .
Rini Coolen ( born 10 February 1967 ) is a Dutch former football defender and manager .
Matt Jordan ( born October 13 , 1975 in Aurora , Colorado ) is a former soccer goalkeeper .
Erkan Sekman ( born 17 April 1984 in Pütürge , Malatya Province ) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Göztepe .
Shirley Kocaçınar , full name Shirley Hubertina Maria Adriana Kocaçınar , ( December 4 , 1986 ) is a Turkish - Dutch women 's football forward currently playing for Fortuna Sittard .
Francisco Vidal Franco Cisneros ( born 25 August 1987 in Autlán , Jalisco , México ) is a Mexican footballer , who plays as defender for Deportivo Toluca .
Scott Bain ( born 22 November 1991 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Dundee as a goalkeeper .
Alberto Benito Castañeda ( born 17 June 1972 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder , and the current director of football of UD Almería .
Qusai Abu Alieh ( born 20 December 1978 ) is a Jordanian footballer of Palestinian origin , who plays as a midfielder for Al - Faisaly ( Amman ) .
Michele Canini ( born 5 June 1985 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Ascoli , on loan from Atalanta .
Pavel Simr ( born 6 July 1983 ) is a Czech footballer , who plays as a forward .
Volodymyr Arzhanov ( Ukrainian : Володимир Аржанов , born 29 November 1985 in Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian midfielder .
Jimmy James Bailey Hinds ( born 7 February 1954 in Tela , Honduras ) is a Honduran football forward who played for Honduras during the 1981 CONCACAF Championship qualification .
Radim Sáblík ( born 5 September 1974 ) is a retired Czech football player who played as a defender .
Miltiadis Sapanis ( born 28 January 1976 ) is a Greek footballer , currently playing for Doxa Pentalofos in the Football League 2 , as a midfielder .
Giovanni Degni ( September 28 , 1900 -- November 2 , 1975 ) was an Italian football midfielder and manager from Rome .
Matthew David Carrick ( 5 December 1946 -- 1 July 1989 ) was an English footballer who played as a forward for Wolverhampton Wanderers , Wrexham , Altrincham , Port Vale , Stalybridge Celtic , Witton Albion , Preston North End , and Rochdale .
Govert Boyen ( born 7 March 1977 in Sint - Truiden ) is a Belgian football goalkeeper who is currently unemployed .
Róbert Mazáň ( born 9 February 1994 ) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for MŠK Žilina , on loan from the Ekstraklasa club Podbeskidzie Bielsko - Biała and also plays for Slovakia national under-21 football team .
Francielle Manoel Alberto ( born 18 October 1989 , in São Paulo ) , commonly known as Francielle , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Icelandic club Stjarnan and the Brazil women 's national football team .
Park No - bong ( Korean : 박노봉 ; born June 19 , 1961 South Korea ) is a former South Korean footballer who plays as a defender .
Marta Cox ( born 20 July 1997 ) is a Panamanian international football player who currently plays as a midfielder .
Edmundo Iván Vázquez Mellado Pérez ( born December 14 , 1982 in Mexico City ) , also known by his nickname `` El Terrible '' , is a Mexican professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for Club Universidad de Guadalajara in the Liga MX .
Dale Tonge ( born 7 May 1985 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a full back or a midfielder for National League North club , Stockport County .
Oussama Mrabet ( born 10 July 1993 ) is a French footballer of Tunisian descent who currently plays as a midfielder .
Rhonda Jones ( Born 30 March 1979 ) is a Scottish association football defender who plays for Celtic women 's team .
Leandro Netto de Macedo ( born 7 May 1979 ) , known as Netto , is a Brazilian footballer who plays Sampaio Corrêa Futebol Clube as a centre forward .
Jody Viviani ( born 25 January 1982 in La Ciotat ) is a French footballer who last played goalkeeper for Skoda Xanthi .
Raimundo Pérez Lezama ( 29 November 1922 -- 24 July 2007 ) was a Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Peni Finau ( born 5 August 1981 ) is a Fiji footballer defender currently playing for Fijian football club Ba F.C ..
Rudi Keil ( born 8 December 1977 , in Johannesburg , South Africa ) is a rugby union centre .
Albino Cossa or Bino ( born 21 April 1982 ) is a Mozambican goalkeeper .
Boban Nikolić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бoбaн Никoлић ; born 8 October 1980 in Kragujevac ) is a Serbian football defender who currently plays for Pelita Bandung Raya in the Indonesia Super League .
Francesco Fonte ( born October 8 , 1965 in Rome , Italy ) is an Italian former footballer who played as a central midfielder .
Anisa Rola ( born 24 May 1994 ) is a Slovenian football defender who plays for LUV Graz of the Austrian ÖFB - Frauenliga and the Slovenia national team .
Torsten Ziegner ( born 9 November 1977 in Neuhaus am Rennweg ) is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder .
Monika Razhgeva ( Bulgarian : Моника Ръжгева ) is a Bulgarian football defender currently playing in the Bulgarian Championship for NSA Sofia , with which she has also played the Champions League .
Samer Saeed Mujbel Al Mamoori ( Arabic : سامر سعيد مجبل‎ ) ( born July 1 , 1987 in Iraq ) is an Iraqi midfielder .
Gareth Cooper ( born 7 May 1979 in Bridgend ) is a former Wales international rugby union player who played in the scrum - half position .
Douw Gerbrandt Grobler is a South African rugby union player , whose regular position is lock .
Brian Whitehouse ( born 8 September 1935 in West Bromwich ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward for West Bromwich Albion , Norwich City , Wrexham , Crystal Palace , Charlton and Leyton Orient .
Gonzalo Nicolás Martínez ( 13 June 1993 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as an offensive midfielder for River Plate .
Bahram Dabbagh ( Persian : بهرام دباغ ; born Julu 24 , 1992‎‎ ) is an Iranian football midfielder , who currently plays for Nassaji Mazandaran in the Azadegan League .
Beau Erickson ( born December 16 , 1985 ) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for the Ontario Reign in the ECHL .
Neil Buckley ( born 25 September 1968 ) is an English former professional association football player who played as a defender .
Niclas Tüchsen ( born July 28 , 1989 ) is a Danish football midfielder , who plays for the Rishøj BK .
Seamus Martin McDonagh ( born 6 October 1952 ) , known as Jim McDonagh , is a former association football goalkeeper who won 25 caps for Ireland and made more than 400 appearances in the English leagues .
Angelo Domenghini ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈandʒelo domeŋˈɡiːni ) ; born August 25 , 1941 ) is an Italian football manager , and former footballer , who played as a forward , often as a right winger .
Koray Şanlı ( born 26 December 1989 , Mersin ) is a Turkish football defender .
Pavol Farkaš ( born 27 March 1985 ) is a Slovak footballer who playes for Skoda Xanthi as a centre back .
Stanimir Gospodinov ( Bulgarian : Станимир Господинов ) ( born 3 March 1975 ) is a football defender from Bulgaria currently playing for Botev Kozloduy .
Ryan Casciaro ( born 11 May 1984 ) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Lincoln and the Gibraltar national team , where he plays as a defender .
Vladimir Koman Jr. ( born 16 March 1989 ) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for the Hungarian League club Diósgyőr and for the Hungarian national football team as a winger or an attacking midfielder .
Rodrigo Romero ( born 8 November 1982 ) is a Paraguayan footballer that plays as a goalkeeper .
Ibrahim Rabimov ( born 3 August 1987 ) is a Tajikistani footballer who is a midfielder for FK Khujand .
Mattias Östberg ( born 24 August 1977 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Hanvikens SK in Swedish Division 4 as a defender .
Gary Hobson ( born 12 November 1972 , North Ferriby , East Riding of Yorkshire ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender .
Miguel Sebastián Garcia , nicknamed `` Pitu '' , ( born 27 January 1984 in Santa Fe ) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Superleague Greece club Atromitos .
Mišo Brečko ( Slovene pronunciation : ( ˈmíːʃɔ ˈbréːt͡ʃkɔ ) ; born 1 May 1984 in Trbovlje ) is a Slovenian footballer who plays as a defender for German club 1 .
Lucas Otávio Veiga Lopes , known as Lucas Otávio ( born 9 October 1994 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santos as a defensive midfielder .
Camilo de Souza Vieira ( born March 22 , 1986 in Ceres ) , or simply Camilo , is a Brazilian football goalkeeper , who plays for Barueri .
Serghei Alexeev ( born 31 May 1986 , in Tiraspol ) is a Moldovan footballer who plays as a forward .
Afonso Guimarães da Silva , best known as Afonsinho ( born in Rio de Janeiro , March 8 , 1914 -- February 19 , 1997 ) was a Brazilian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Ante Rumora ( born 4 July 1960 in SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian former football defender who played for Dinamo Zagreb .
Jan Novacki ( born 4 December 1958 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for York City and was on the books of Bolton Wanderers without making a league appearance .
Daniel Soares Brites ( born 9 November 1992 ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Swiss club Stade Nyonnais on loan from Servette FC , as a forward .
José Ántónio Ramos Ribeiro ( born 11 September 1977 ) , commonly known as Zé Tó , is a Portuguese retired footballer who played mainly as an attacking midfielder .
Roddy Lenga is a Vanuatuan footballer who plays as a midfielder .
André Luiz Ladaga , most commonly known as Andrezinho ( born 19 February 1975 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a retired naturalized Azerbaijani football midfielder .
Marek Malík ( born June 24 , 1975 ) is a Czech former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) from 1994 to 2009 .
Jemal Tassew Bushra ( Amharic : ጀማል ጣሰው ቡሽራ ? , born 27 April 1989 ) is an Ethiopian goalkeeper .
Michal Breznaník ( born 16 December 1985 ) is a Slovak football midfielder who plays for FK Dukla Prague , on loan from Sparta Prague .
Danny Payne was an American soccer midfielder who spent six seasons in the American Soccer League and one in the North American Soccer League .
Loris Karius ( born 22 June 1993 ) is a German professional football goalkeeper who plays for 1 .
Giorgos Poniros ( Greek : Γιώργος Πονηρός ; born 8 October 1987 in Agrinio , Greece ) is a professional football goalkeeper .
Martin Šaban ( born 26 December 1987 ) is a Croatian football forward currently playing for Krka in the Slovenian PrvaLiga .
Luis Francisco Grando or simply Chico ( born February 2 , 1987 in Pato Branco ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Antalyaspor as a defensive midfielder or defender .
Eugênio Machado Souto , usually known as Geninho ( born May 15 , 1948 in Ribeirão Preto ) , is a Brazilian football manager and former goalkeeper .
Predrag Govedarica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Предраг Говедарица ; born 21 October 1984 ) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Akzhayik .
Laura Giuliani ( born 5 June 1993 in Milan ) is an Italian football goalkeeper currently playing for German club FC Köln in the Bundesliga .
Giannis Galitsios ( born 15 May 1958 in Larissa , Greece ) is a former professional football defender .
Dale Shirkie ( born 2 May 1995 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a forward for Troon .
Mario Cartelli ( born 16 November 1979 in Karviná ) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman of Italian descent who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010 - -11 season .
Wang Xiaoshi ( simplified Chinese : 王小诗 ; traditional Chinese : 王小詩 ; pinyin : Wáng Xiǎoshī ; born January 5 , 1982 ) is a former Chinese football player who currently plays as a versatile defender or striker .
Abdulaziz Ahmad Al Masha'an Al Enezi ( Arabic : عبدالعزيز أحمد المشعان العنزي‎ , born 19 October 1988 ) , better known as Aziz Mashaan is a Kuwaiti footballer who plays as a midfielder for Al Qadsia .
Fred Scrine ( 25 March 1877 -- 8 August 1962 ) was a Welsh international rugby union scrum - half who played club rugby for Swansea .
Tony Sergeant ( born 6 June 1977 ) is a retired football midfielder who last played for Cercle Brugge in the Belgian Pro League .
Olivier Missoup is a French rugby union player , born 5 February 1981 in Neuilly - sur - Seine ( Hauts - de - Seine ) , who plays as a flanker for US Oyonnax ( 1.93 m , 95 kg ) .
Stefán Gíslason ( born 15 March 1980 in Fjarðabyggð ) is an Icelandic retired footballer who last played for Breiðablik in the Icelandic Premier League as a defensive midfielder .
Diego Jota Martins ( born 4 February 1987 in Joinville , Brazil ) is a Brazilian football midfielder currently playing for Internazionale Pattaya F.C. in Thailand in the Regional League Division 2 .
Riccardo Fiamozzi ( born 18 May 1993 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Italian Serie B club Pescara .
I , Tyrant was published by TSR in 1996 as a 93-page book .
A Bit on the Side is a short story collection written by William Trevor , first published by Viking Press in 2004 .
Production and Operations Management is published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Production and Operations Management Society .
Cultural Diversity and Ethnic Minority Psychology is the quarterly scientific journal of the American Psychological Association Division 45 :
Vox Sanguinis , formerly known as the Bulletin of the Central Laboratorium van de Bloedtransfusiedienst of the Nederlandse Rode Kruis , is a hematology journal established in 1953 and published 8 times per year by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the International Society of Blood Transfusion .
Women 's Studies Quarterly , often referred to as WSQ , is a biannual peer - reviewed academic journal of women 's studies that was established in 1972 and published by The Feminist Press .
Australian Mammalogy is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by CSIRO Publishing on behalf of the Australian Mammal Society covering research about biology of mammals that are native or introduced to Australasia .
The Journal of Mining Science is a bimonthly , peer reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media that covers all aspects of mining engineering .
Indiana Jones in Revenge of the Ancients is a computer game developed by Angelsoft released by Mindscape in 1987 , for the Apple II and PC DOS computer platforms .
Strategic Command WWII Global Conflict is a grand strategy computer game developed by Fury Software , and published by Battlefront.com .
Tom Swift and His Sky Racer , or , The Speediest Flight on Record , is Volume 9 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap .
Winston Science Fiction was a series of 37 juvenile science fiction books published by the John C. Winston Company of Philadelphia from 1952 to 1960 and by its successor Holt , Rinehart & Winston in 1960 and 1961 .
Suicide and Life Threatening Behavior is a peer - reviewed academic journal published six times per year by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the American Association of Suicidology .
Dr. Futurity was first published as a novel by Ace Books as one half of Ace Double D-421 , bound dos - à - dos with John Brunner 's Slavers of Space .
NHL FaceOff 2003 is an ice hockey video game made by SolWorks and published by Sony Computer Entertainment of America , released on the PlayStation 2 .
The Journal of Renewable and Sustainable Energy is a free and rapid publishing peer - reviewed , online - only , open access , scientific journal published by the American Institute of Physics covering all areas of renewable and sustainable energy - related fields that apply to the physical science and engineering communities .
The Cambridge Companion to Bob Dylan is book published by Cambridge University Press intended to analyze the work of American singer - songwriter Bob Dylan .
Rise of Prussia is a grand strategy wargame developed by AGEOD and published by Paradox Interactive .
Measurement Science and Technology is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal published by IOP Publishing and covering the areas of measurement , instrumentation , and sensor technology in the sciences .
Quik the Thunder Rabbit is a side - scrolling platform video game , which Stywox developed for Titus Software to publish on the Amiga and Amiga CD32 in 1994 .
The Revista del Instituto de Historia Antigua Oriental is a peer - reviewed academic journal published by the `` Instituto de Historia Antigua Oriental Dr. Abraham Rosenvasser '' ( Institute of Ancient Near Eastern Studies ) , Faculty of Philosophy and Letters , University of Buenos Aires .
The QI Book of the Dead was first published by Faber and Faber in hardback on 5 November 2009 .
The Great Theatre of Dutch Painters , or De groote schouburgh der Nederlantsche konstschilders en schilderessen , as it was originally known in Dutch , is a series of artist biographies with engraved portraits written by the 18th - century painter Arnold Houbraken .
Communications of the ACM is the monthly magazine of the Association for Computing Machinery ( ACM ) .
The Cambridge Archaeological Journal is a peer - reviewed academic journal for cognitive and symbolic archaeology published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the McDonald Institute for Archaeological Research .
Geobios is an academic journal published bimonthly by the publishing house Elsevier .
Archives of Natural History has been published for the Society by Edinburgh University Press since 2008 .
Maru 's Mission is an action video game released in 1991 by Jaleco for the original Game Boy .
Original War is a real - time strategy video game developed by Czech company Altar Interactive and released by Virgin Interactive on June 15 , 2001 .
Stories of Your Life and Others is a collection of short stories by Ted Chiang originally published in 2002 by Tor Books .
Colorado Review is a major American literary journal published by the Center for Literary Publishing at Colorado State University in Fort Collins , Colorado .
Originally published by Harper & Row as If Women Counted with an introduction by Gloria Steinem in 1988 , it has since also been published by Macmillan under the same title , and by Allen & Unwin and University of Toronto Press as Counting for Nothing .
Tom Swift Among the Diamond Makers , Or , The Secret of Phantom Mountain , is Volume 7 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap .
Civil Law Commentaries is an open access publication of the Eason - Weinmann Center for Comparative Law at the Tulane University Law School .
The Psychoanalytic Quarterly is a quarterly academic journal of psychoanalysis established in 1932 and published by Wiley - Blackwell .
Dun Darach is an arcade adventure published in 1985 by Gargoyle Games for the ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC computers .
The Ordeal of Richard Feverel was first published in 1859 by Chapman & Hall in three volumes .
Air Assault Task Force is a computer wargame developed by ProSIM Company and published by Shrapnel Games .
Master of Darkness ( released as In the Wake of Vampire in Japan and Vampire : Master of Darkness in the US ) , is a video game released for the Sega Game Gear and the Sega Master System .
In January 2007 , John Wiley & Sons assumed publishing responsibilities and re - launched the journal as Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine :
Garry 's Mod was originally a mod for Valve Corporation 's Half - Life 2 , but was later made into a standalone release in 2006 for Microsoft Windows , published by Valve Corporation .
The Review of Educational Research is a quarterly peer - reviewed review journal published by Sage Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association .
Ecology Letters is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley - Blackwell and the French National Centre for Scientific Research .
Molecular Aspects of Medicine is published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology .
PHBR2 The Complete Thief 's Handbook was written by John Nephew , Carl Sargent , and Douglas Niles , with illustrations by George Barr , and was published by TSR in 1990 as a 128-page book .
Natural Resources Forum is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Division of Sustainable Development in the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs .
Dancers in Mourning is a crime novel by Margery Allingham , first published in 1937 , in the United Kingdom by Heinemann , London and in the United States by Doubleday Doran , New York ; later U.S. versions used the title Who Killed Chloe ? .
Master of Orion ( MoO or MOO ) is a turn - based , 4X science fiction computer strategy game released in 1993 by MicroProse on the MS - DOS and Mac OS operating systems .
The Parent 's Assistant is the first collection of children 's stories by Maria Edgeworth , published by Joseph Johnson in 1796 .
David 's Midnight Magic is an Apple II pinball simulation written by David Snider and released by Brøderbund in 1982 .
Saorsa is a collection of short stories in Scottish Gaelic edited by Joan NicDhòmhnaill and John Storey and published by Ùr - sgeul in 2011 .
The Portuguese Journal of Social Science is a triannual peer - reviewed academic journal published by ISCTE -- Lisbon University Institute .
The Annals of Probability is a peer - reviewed statistics journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics .
The Rogues Gallery was written by Brian Blume with Dave Cook and Jean Wells , with a cover by Erol Otus and interior illustrations by Jeff Dee and Otus , and was published by TSR in 1980 as a 48-page book .
Love Country Style is a studio album by Ray Charles released in June 1970 on Charles ' Tangerine Records label .
Refresh the Demon is the fifth studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Annihilator , released on March 11 , 1996 by Music for Nations .
Renincarnated is the fourth album by rapper MC Ren , released October 31 , 2009 , on his own record label Villain Entertainment .
Johnny Cash and His Woman is an album by American country singers Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash , released on Columbia Records in 1973 ( see 1973 in music ) .
Pure Hank is a studio album by American country music artist Hank Williams , Jr. It was released by Warner Bros./Curb Records in April 1991 .
Young , Gifted and Black is the nineteenth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin , Released on January 24 , 1972 by Atlantic Records .
Powerage was originally released on 5 May 1978 on Atlantic Records and reached No . 133 on Billboard 's Pop Albums chart in the US , eventually going platinum .
Fresh Surrender was The Archers fourth studio album and third Light Records release .
8701 is the third studio album by American R&B recording artist Usher ; it was first released on August 7 , 2001 , by Arista Records .
My Shame Is True is the eighth studio album by American punk rock band Alkaline Trio , released on April 2 , 2013 on Heart & Skull and Epitaph Records .
`` Tricks of the Light '' is a single by musician Mike Oldfield released in 1984 and is from the Virgin Records album Discovery .
Whipped ! is Faster Pussycat 's third album , released in 1992 by Elektra Records .
`` Kill to Believe '' is a single by Orange County metalcore band Bleeding Through released in 2006 by Trustkill Records .
Do n't Laugh Now was Ray Stevens ' nineteenth studio album and his third and final for RCA Records , released in 1982 .
`` Fashion Pack '' is a song by French singer Amanda Lear released in 1979 by Ariola Records .
`` What 's the Matter with You Baby '' is a 1964 single released by Marvin Gaye and Mary Wells on the Motown label .
Radio Music Society is the fourth studio album by Esperanza Spalding , which was released through the record label Heads Up International on March 20 , 2012 .
Pure Trash is the second studio album by Dosh , released on October 11 , 2004 on the Anticon label .
Ca n't Count Me Out is the sixth studio album by American R&B / jazz singer Miki Howard , released in 1997 under Hush Records .
GCS 2000 is a studio album by funk group Graham Central Station released on July 21 , 1998 , on NPG Records .
I Wanna Have Some Fun is the third album by Samantha Fox , released in November 1988 by Jive Records .
4,5,6 is the solo debut by emcee Kool G Rap , released in September 26 , 1995 on Cold Chillin ' Records .
Ai n't Nothin' Stoppin ' Us Now is an album by Tower of Power released in 1976 , the band 's first record on Columbia Records .
La Tournée des grands espaces ( The wide spaces tour ) is the fourth live album by Alain Bashung , issued in 2004 on Barclay Records .
`` How Much More '' is the sixth single by Orange County pop punk band Supernova , released on 7 `` by Sympathy for the Record Industry in 1996 .
Smile Kid is the second studio album by American rock band We the Kings , released through S - Curve Records on December 8 , 2009 .
Tape from California is Phil Ochs ' fifth album , released in mid-1968 on A&M Records .
`` Ego Tripping Out '' is a 1979 funk - styled dance record released by American soul singer Marvin Gaye , released as a single on the Tamla ( Motown ) label .
St. Louis to Liverpool is a rock and roll album by Chuck Berry , released in 1964 on Chess Records , catalogue 1488 .
Northern Failures is an album by Cable , released in 2001 by Hydra Head Records .
Guero is the sixth official studio album and ninth overall by American alternative rock artist Beck , first released in March 2005 on Interscope Records .
Exit 13 is the twelfth studio album by American rapper LL Cool J. It was released on September 9 , 2008 on the record label Def Jam Recordings
`` Hit - Medley '' is the twentieth single by Dutch girl group Luv ' , released in 1990 by the labels Dureco / High Fashion Music in the Benelux and RCA Records / BMG in Germany .
Tal Cual Es is the fourth studio album by Argentine singer - songwriter Diego Torres , it was released on August 24 , 1999 through Sony BMG Latin .
Believe in Him is a gospel album and 71st overall album by American country singer Johnny Cash , released on Word Records in 1986 .
HoboSapiens was released by EMI in October 2003 , and was preceded by the EP 5 Tracks in May 2003 .
Physical Graffiti was the band 's first release on their own Swan Song Records label , which had been launched in May 1974 .
In My Time is the ninth studio album by Yanni , released on the Private Music label in 1993 , ( see 1993 in music ) .
Krupa and Rich is a 1956 studio album by jazz drummers Gene Krupa and Buddy Rich on Norman Granz ' Clef Records label .
Temple IV is the second studio album by guitarist and composer Roy Montgomery , released on 1 January 1995 by Kranky Records .
Jaktens tid ( English : `` Hunting Season '' ) is the second studio album by the Finnish folk metal band Finntroll , released on 18 September 2001 through Spinefarm Records .
The Punch Line is the first 12-inch and third record release by influential American punk rock band Minutemen , and the fourth - ever release from SST Records .
Black Light Syndrome is the first studio album by Bozzio Levin Stevens ( a supergroup comprising drummer Terry Bozzio , bassist Tony Levin and guitarist Steve Stevens ) , released on July 15 , 1997 through Magna Carta Records .
Vince Guaraldi , Bola Sete and Friends is a collaboration between pianist Vince Guaraldi and guitarist Bola Sete , released in 1963 through Fantasy Records .
MCMXC a . D. ( `` 1990 '' in Roman numerals followed by an abbreviation of Anno Domini ) is the first studio album from the German music project Enigma , headed by Romanian - German musician Michael Cretu , released in November 1990 on Virgin Records in the United Kingdom and Charisma Records in the United States .
Super Gangster ( Extraordinary Gentleman ) is the third studio album by rapper Styles P ; it was released through Ruff Ryders Entertainment and Koch Records on December 4 , 2007 .
Mean Everything to Nothing is the second studio album by the Atlanta - based indie rock band Manchester Orchestra .
Five in the Black is the second Japanese studio album ( fifth overall ) by South Korean pop group Tohoshinki , released on March 14 , 2007 by Rhythm Zone .
It was officially released on January 16 , 2007 in the USA and on January 19 in the rest of the world on Dancing Ferret Discs ; however , it was sold at their live shows since the beginning of the DreamCypher Tour on January 11 , 2007 .
Three on the Trail is the debut studio album by the Western band Riders in the Sky , released in 1979 by Rounder Records Group .
Superjudge was Monster Magnet 's second official album ( Tab being an EP ) and also their debut for A&M Records .
Stars on the Wall is the second album from Belgian solo act The Go Find , released in 2007 by Morr Music .
E. 1999 Eternal is the second studio album by American hip hop group Bone Thugs - N - Harmony , released July 25 , 1995 , on Ruthless Records .
Blues Funeral is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock musician Mark Lanegan , released on February 6 , 2012 on 4AD .
The Ghost in Daylight is the fifth album by Gravenhurst , released on Warp Records .
Black on Both Sides is the debut album of American rapper Mos Def , now known as Yasiin Bey , released October 12 , 1999 on Rawkus Records .
In late 2013 , it was announced that Kelis had signed to British independent label Ninja Tune for the release of the album , titled Food , in April 2014 .
Perfect from Now On is the third full - length album released by Built to Spill , and the band 's first major label ( Warner Bros. ) release .
Infinite Light is the second album by Canadian indie rock band Lightning Dust , released August 4 , 2009 on Jagjaguwar .
It was stated in an article by Roadrunner Records that `` ' Oildale ( Leave Me Alone ) ' buzzes with an eerie clean guitar that slowly gives way to a steamrolling bass and riff assault . ''
Initially , Byrd 's label ( MCA Records ) had not planned for `` The Keeper of the Stars '' to be a single , until his publicist realized that the song had been receiving positive feedback for it in concert .
Heavy Metal Fruit is the name of the fourteenth full - length studio album by the Norwegian band Motorpsycho , released on January 18 , 2010 , via Rune Grammofon and Stickman Records .
Resolving Contradictions is an album by British musician Andy Mackay , released on Bronze Records in 1978 .
Picked up by Big Tree Records , `` Angel in Your Arms '' accrued sufficient airplay to by February 1977 to enter the Billboard Hot 100 , entering the Pop Top 40 that April to peak that July at # 6 ; the track also charted R&B ( # 29 ) and Easy Listening ( # 9 ) .
You 've Come a Long Way , Baby is the second studio album by English big beat musician Fatboy Slim , released on 19 October 1998 by Skint Records .
`` She 's Hearing Voices '' is a song by Bloc Party that was first released on 7 `` vinyl by London - based independent label Trash Aesthetics in February 2004 .
¡ Hey , Hey Pioneers ! is the first studio album by American alternative rock band Farewell Continental , released on May 10 , 2011 by Paper + Plastick .
`` Foreplay / Long Time '' is a song written by Tom Scholz and first performed by the rock band Boston on the band 's eponymous debut album , and as their second single , on Epic Records in 1976 .
Ferocious Mopes ( 2005 ) is the third full - length album by Say Hi .
Strangely enough , RCA Records released no additional singles from the album despite the success of `` Tell Me True . ''
Rated G is the third album by the 5th Ward Boyz , released on November 28 , 1995 through Rap - a - Lot Records .
I 'm Wide Awake , It 's Morning is one of two Bright Eyes albums ( along with Digital Ash in a Digital Urn ) released on January 25 , 2005 , by Saddle Creek Records .
There 's a Riot Goin' On is the fifth studio album by American band Sly and the Family Stone , released on November 20 , 1971 , by Epic Records .
Shake , Rattle and Polka ! is an album by Jimmy Sturr and His Orchestra , released through Rounder Records on October 11 , 2005 .
In Between Dreams is the third album by singer - songwriter Jack Johnson , released by Brushfire Records in the United States on March 1 , 2005 ( see 2005 in music ) .
Sun and Shade is the sixth album by the American band Woods , released in 2011 on Woodsist .
The following year , Butthole Surfers shocked many fans and critics by signing with the major label Capitol Records .
`` You Give Good Love '' is a song by American recording artist Whitney Houston , released as the lead single from her self - titled debut album , entitled Whitney Houston in the United States in February 1985 by Arista Records , and the second single from the album in the United Kingdom .
Neon Ballroom is the third studio album by Australian alternative rock band Silverchair , released in 1999 by record labels Murmur and Epic .
Sleepwell Deconstructor is the first album by Trap Them , released on April 3 , 2007 on Trash Art!.
La Bella Mafia is the third studio album by rapper Lil ' Kim , released March 4 , 2003 on Atlantic Records .
The Blood and the Body is a gothic rock album released by Eerie Von on June 15 , 1999 on Cleopatra Records .
Chicago - based Vee - Jay Records head A&R man Calvin Carter brought back `` Make It Easy on Yourself '' from a trip to New York City scouting song publishers .
Born Again Revisited is the fourth album by Columbus , Ohio based trio Times New Viking , and their second release for Matador Records .
Laberinto is the twelfth studio album by Latin Grammy - winning Spanish musician and actor , Miguel Bosé , and his sixth with Warner Bros. Records ( Warner Music Latina in the U.S. ) .
Upptåg was the third album from Swedish singer / songwriter Ted Gärdestad , released in 1974 on the Polar Music label .
`` Before the Great Collapse '' is a single by Hip Hop duo Jedi Mind Tricks , released in 2004 through Babygrande Records .
Misty Medley is the second full - length album by the Montreal indie rock band Kiss Me Deadly , released in October 2005 by Alien8 Recordings .
All the Pain Money Can Buy is the second album by American pop - rock band Fastball , released on March 10 , 1998 , on Hollywood Records .
Ask Questions Later is the third album by American noise rock group Cop Shoot Cop , released on March 30 , 1993 by Big Cat and Interscope Records .
Köda is the third album by In the Nursery , released in 1988 through Wax Trax ! Records .
BYO Split Series Volume IV is a split album released in 2002 as the fourth entry in BYO Records BYO Split Series .
Someone in Control is the third album released by American rock band Trapt , released on September 13 , 2005 by Warner Bros. Records .
Bags ' Groove ( PRLP 7109 ) is a jazz album by Miles Davis , released in 1957 by Prestige Records , compiling material from two 10 `` LPs recorded in 1954 , plus two alternate takes .
Leaves Turn Inside You is the eighth and final studio album by the American post - hardcore band Unwound , released on April 17 , 2001 by Kill Rock Stars .
Lifemask is the sixth album by English folk / rock singer - songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper , and was first released in 1973 by Harvest Records .
The Moray Eels Eat The Holy Modal Rounders is the fourth studio album of the New York psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders , released in 1968 through Elektra Records .
Bad as Me is the seventeenth studio album by American rock musician Tom Waits , released on October 21 , 2011 by ANTI- Records .
Wavering Radiant is the fifth and final full - length album by American post - metal group Isis , released by Ipecac Recordings in 2009 and produced by Joe Barresi .
OK Computer is the third studio album by the English alternative rock band Radiohead , released in 1997 on Parlophone and Capitol Records .
The BCN Connection is an album by Spanish band The Pinker Tones , released in 2004 on the UK indie label Outstanding Records .
The untitled fourth studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , commonly referred to as Led Zeppelin IV , was released on 8 November 1971 on Atlantic Records .
Front Porch Stories is Avail 's sixth , and final studio album , and released on Fat Wreck Chords in 2002 .
Hotter than July is the nineteenth album by American recording artist Stevie Wonder , originally released on Motown 's Tamla label on September 29 , 1980 .
Cocky & Confident is the eighth studio album by American rapper Juvenile .
Private Transport is the first album by The Guild League released in 2002 on Candle Records ( catalogue number TGL02 ) .
`` Jewbilee '' is the ninth episode of the third season and 40th overall episode of the animated television series South Park .
`` From Out of the Rain '' is the tenth episode of the second series of British science fiction television series Torchwood .
`` Basic Story '' is the twelfth episode of the fifth season of Community , and the 96th episode overall in the series .
Bring Me the Head of Oliver Plunkett is the second novel of the Eddie & the Gang with No Name trilogy by Northern Irish author , Colin Bateman , published on 13 May 2004 through Hodder Children 's Books .
Championship Manager 2010 has received more positive reviews than previous versions of the Championship Manager series .
The Mighty Orinoco ( French : Le Superbe Orénoque ) is a novel by French writer Jules Verne ( 1828 - -1905 ) , first published in 1898 as a part of the Voyages Extraordinaires .
Elfsorrow is the first book in the trilogy Legends of the Raven , which takes place after Chronicles of the Raven .
Both Sides of Time ( 1995 ) is a fiction book and the first of the Time Travelers Quartet series by Caroline B. Cooney .
The second part of Snorri Sturluson 's Prose Edda the Skáldskaparmál or `` language of poetry '' ( c. 50,000 words ) is effectively a dialogue between Ægir , the Norse god of the sea , and Bragi , the god of poetry , in which both Norse mythology and discourse on the nature of poetry are intertwined .
`` The Vacation Goo '' is the first episode of the fourth season of the animated series American Dad ! , an episode produced for Season 2 .
The Wringer is the seventeenth episode of the third series of the 1960s cult British spy - fi television series The Avengers , starring Patrick Macnee and Honor Blackman .
`` It 's Your Funeral '' is a television episode of the British science fiction - allegorical series , The Prisoner .
`` Focus Grill '' is the thirteenth episode of the fourth season and the series finale of the American animated sitcom Home Movies , and 52nd episode of the series overall .
`` The Wait Out '' is the 133rd episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld .
The Talbot Samba is a supermini car manufactured by the PSA Group in the former Simca factory in Poissy , France , and marketed under the short - lived modern - day Talbot brand .
The Green Death is the fifth and final serial of the tenth season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , first broadcast in six weekly parts from 19 May 1973 to 23 June 1973 .
Missing Believed Killed is the eleventh episode of the fourth series of the period drama Upstairs , Downstairs .
`` 22 Short Films About Springfield '' ( captioned on - screen as `` Twenty - Two Short Films About Springfield '' ) is the twenty - first episode of The Simpsons ' seventh season , which originally aired on April 14 , 1996 .
`` Million Dollar Smile '' is the 17th episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series , Ugly Betty , and the 82nd overall episode of the series .
`` World 's Greatest Couple '' is the fifth episode in the second season of the television series How I Met Your Mother .
`` An Origin Story '' is the fifth episode of the fifth season of the Fox science - fiction / drama television series Fringe , and the 92nd episode overall .
`` Trapped in the Sky '' is the first episode of Thunderbirds , a British 1960s Supermarionation television series co - created by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson , which first aired on ATV Midlands on 30 September 1965 .
The Twin Dilemma is the seventh and final serial of the 21st season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which was first broadcast in four twice - weekly parts from 22 March to 30 March 1984 , the first to star Colin Baker as the Sixth Doctor .
The Cat Concerto is a 1947 American one - reel animated cartoon and is the 29th Tom and Jerry short , produced in 1946 and released to theatres on April 26 , 1947 .
The Tangle Box by Terry Brooks is the fourth novel of the Magic Kingdom of Landover series .
The Pirate King ( 2008 ) is the second book in the Transitions series , written by R. A. Salvatore .
Tugboat Granny is a `` Merrie Melodies '' cartoon animated short starring Tweety and Sylvester .
Holy Rat Race ! is the 18th episode of the Batman television series , first airing on ABC March 10 , 1966 .
`` The One After Vegas '' is the sixth season premiere of the American television situation comedy Friends , which was broadcast on NBC on September 23 , 1999 .
Catch the Lightning is a novel by Catherine Asaro in the Saga of the Skolian Empire , also known as Tales of the Ruby Dynasty .
Emperor Mage is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce , the third in a series of four books , The Immortals .
Naked in Death ( 1995 ) is the first book of the In Death series by J. D. Robb , preceding Glory in Death .
`` The Penguin Declines '' is the 73rd episode of Batman , the conclusion of a three - part story in its second season on ABC .
`` SeinfeldVision '' is the first episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the twenty - second episode of the series .
`` A Ladder to Heaven '' is the 12th episode of the sixth season and the 91st overall episode of the Comedy Central series South Park .
Advance and Be Mechanized , released in 1967 , was the penultimate Tom and Jerry cartoon .
`` The Dorcons '' is the twenty - fourth episode of the second season of Space : 1999 ( and the forty - eighth and final overall episode of the programme ) .
`` Cow Days '' is the thirteenth episode of the second season of the animated television series South Park , and 26th episode of the series overall .
Death at the Dolphin is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh ; it is the twenty - fourth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn , and was first published in 1967 .
`` A Case of Identity '' is one of the 56 short Sherlock Holmes stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and is the third story in The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes .
`` The Crimson Horror '' is the eleventh episode of the seventh series of the British science - fiction drama Doctor Who .
`` North by North Quahog '' is the first episode of the fourth season of Family Guy , following the revival of the series three years after its cancellation in 2002 .
`` I , Roommate '' is the third episode of season one of Futurama .
`` A Death Worse Than Fate '' is the tenth episode of the Batman television series in its first season .
`` A Nice Day for a Posh Wedding '' is the seventh episode of the second season from the dramedy series Ugly Betty .
Champions of Krynn is the first in a three - part series of Dragonlance Advanced Dungeons & Dragons `` Gold Box '' role - playing video games .
The Peugeot 607 is an executive car produced by the French automaker Peugeot from September 1999 to June 2012 .
Do n't Forget the Diver is the second episode of the fourth series of the British comedy series Dad 's Army that was originally transmitted on Friday 2 October 1970 .
In The Positronic Man , the trends of fictional robotics in Asimov 's Robot series ( as outlined in the book I , Robot ) are detailed as background events , with an indication that they are influenced by Andrew 's story .
`` When Good Kids Go Bad '' is the second episode of the American sitcom Modern Family 's third season and the 50th episode overall .
Tsai Ah - hsin ( 1899 - -1990 ) was colonial Taiwan 's first female physician .
Harriet Livermore ( April 14 , 1788 - 1868 ) , is best known as a preacher , becoming one of the most well - known female preachers in America in the 19th century .
Elżbieta Porzec ( born 27 January 1945 ) is a former female Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland women 's national volleyball team in 1963 - -1976 , a bronze medalist of the Olympic Games Mexico 1968 .
Ade Chandra ( Chinese : 張鑫源 ) is a retired Chinese Indonesian male badminton player .
Erick Daniel Herrera ( born March 23 , 1989 ) is a professional male squash player who represented Colombia .
Emma Bonney is a female English world champion player of English billiards , and snooker player .
Eden Atwood is an American jazz musician , actress and an advocate for the civil rights of people born with intersex traits .
In February 2013 , a play called `` These Streets '' inspired by Mia Zapata and the stories of other female musicians in Seattle debuted at ACT Theatre in Seattle .
Vesa Hanski ( born September 9 , 1973 in Turku ) is a retired male butterfly swimmer from Finland , who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country , starting in 1992 .
Almucs de Castelnau or Castelnou ( c. 1140 -- bef . 1184 ) was a trobairitz , that is a female troubadour , from a town near Avignon in Provence .
Elsie Eaves ( born May 5 , 1898 -- died March 27 , 1983 ) was the first female associate member of the American Society of Civil Engineers ( ASCE ) and a founding member of the American Association of Cost Engineers ( now AACE International ; the Association for the Advancement of Cost Engineering ) .
The Nora Ephron Prize is a $ 25,000 award by the Tribeca film festival for a female writer or filmmaker `` with a distinctive voice '' .
Marty Mann ( October 15 , 1904 -- July 22 , 1980 ) was an early female member of Alcoholics Anonymous ( AA ) and author of the chapter `` Women Suffer Too '' in the second through fourth editions of the Big Book of AA .
Łucja Frey was one of the first female academic neurologists in Europe .
Eriko Mukoyama , known as Anyango , is the world 's first female nyatiti player .
Lisvel Elisa Eve - Castillo ( née Eve Mejía , born September 10 , 1991 in Puerto Plata ) is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic , who played for the Women 's National Team at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Zamzam Mohamed Farah ( born 19 March 1991 ) is a Somali female athlete from Mogadishu who competes in the Women 's 400 m .
Hallie Earle ( 1880 - -1963 ) was the first licensed female physician in Waco , Texas .
Cyndie Allemann ( born 4 April 1986 in Moutier ) is a Swiss female racing driver .
Yulia Lobzhenidze , also written as Yuliya Lobzhenidze , ( born 23 August 1977 ) is a female Georgian recurve archer .
Yvonne Mai - Graham ( née Grabner ) ( born 22 August 1965 in Annaberg - Buchholz , Saxony ) is a retired female middle distance runner who specialized in the 1500 metres .
Lorena Blanco ( born July 22 , 1977 ) is a female badminton player from Peru , who won two bronze medals at the 2003 Pan American Games .
Maham Tariq ( born 5 July 1997 ) is a female Pakistani cricketer from Karachi .
Mu Zi ( Chinese : 木子 ; pinyin : Mù Zǐ ; born 9 January 1989 ) is a Chinese female table tennis player .
Jae Hee - kyung ( Hangul : 제희경 ; born 13 December 1969 ) is a former South Korean male volleyball player .
Jennifer Ågren ( born January 5 , 1993 in Västerbotten , Sweden ) is a female Swedish Taekwondo practitioner .
Jean Carlos Prada Pasedo ( born August 4 , 1984 ) is a male welterweight boxer from Venezuela , who represented his country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Karin Melis Mey , née Karin Mey , ( born 31 May 1983 ) is a South African - born Turkish female long jumper .
Nancy McCredie ( born February 5 , 1945 in Belleville , Ontario ) is a retired female track and field athlete from Canada , who represented her native country in two events ( discus and shot put ) at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Japan .
As of 2007 , Dianna Clark is the top - ranked professional female bass angler .
Candra Wijaya ( Chinese : 陳甲亮 , born in Cirebon , West Java , 16 September 1975 ) is a male Chinese Indonesian badminton player .
Michelle Sutcliffe ( born 3 February 1967 ) is a female boxer from England who also practices the martial arts sport of Muay Thai , where she is undefeated in nine fights , with three wins by knockout .
Michael Stember ( born January 30 , 1978 ) is a male track and field athlete from the United States , who is known for his achievements in the middle distance events .
An Apsara ( also spelled as Apsarasa ) is a female spirit of the clouds and waters in Hindu and Buddhist mythology .
Joan Meakin ( January 7 , 1910 -- November 11 , 1977 born Marjorie Joan ) became the first female glider pilot to fly over the English Channel on April 5 , 1934 .
Robyn Woodhouse ( born 26 July 1943 ) is a former female track and field athlete from Australia , who mainly competed in the high jump event during her career .
Tesfaye Eticha ( born June 27 , 1974 ) is a male long - distance runner from Switzerland ( formerly Ethiopia ) , who won the 1994 edition of Amsterdam Marathon , clocking 2:15:56 on September 25 , 1994 .
The duke and all his men pledged to Brennius that if the duke produced no male heirs , Brennius would succeed him as leader of the Allobroges .
Ayisat Yusuf - Aromire ( born 6 March 1985 ) is a retired Nigerian female football player , who now lives in Finland .
Graham Ryding ( born June 16 , 1975 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a professional male squash player who represented Canada during his career .
Zhang Jiewen ( simplified Chinese : 张洁雯 ; traditional Chinese : 張潔雯 ; pinyin : Zhāng Jiéwén ; Cantonese Yale : Cheung1 Git3 Man4 ; born January 4 , 1981 in Guangzhou , Guangdong , China ) is a female badminton player from the People 's Republic of China .
Soon after returning from her tour in Asia , Andee signed up for the fifth season of the televised Quebec singing competition , Star Académie , where she was one of the top four female finalists .
Martial Fesselier ( born October 9 , 1961 in Rennes , Ille - et - Vilaine ) is a retired male race walker from France , who competed in four consecutive Summer Olympics during his career , starting in 1984 .
In 1822 Franz Schubert wrote a quartet for male voices , Geist der Liebe ( D.747 ; Op . 11 , No . 3 ) , especially for a Joseph Merk concert .
Frank Devlin ( 19 January 1900 -- 27 October 1988 ) was an Irish male badminton player .
Luis Fernando Sepúlveda Villar ( born April 8 , 1974 ) is a male professional track and road racing cyclist from Chile .
The Sarah Jacobson Film Grant was set up by Sarah 's longtime friend and collaborator filmmaker Sam Green and annually awards grants to young female directors .
Amira Mansour ( born 3 May 1991 ) is a right - handed , female Egyptian recurve archer .
Christine Song ( born June 14 , 1991 ) is an American female professional golfer currently playing on the LPGA Tour and formerly on the Futures Tour .
Kateřina Pivoňková ( born May 6 , 1979 in Vlašim , Středočeský ) is a retired female backstroke swimmer from the Czech Republic , who twice competed for her native country at the Olympic Games : in 1996 and 2004 .
Sheng Zetian ( Chinese : 盛泽田 ; born November 6 , 1972 ) is a male Chinese wrestler .
Luis Lobo ( born 9 November 1970 ) is a retired professional male tennis player from Argentina , who won the gold medal in the men 's doubles competition at the 1995 Pan American Games .
In Greek mythology , the Naiads ( Ancient Greek : Ναϊάδες ) were a type of water nymph ( female spirit ) who presided over fountains , wells , springs , streams , brooks and other bodies of fresh water .
Latasha Khan ( born January 20 , 1973 in Seattle ) is a professional female squash player who has represented the United States in international competition .
Julia Hütter ( born 26 July 1983 ) is a female pole vaulter from Germany .
Matti Mäki ( born March 17 , 1982 in Oulu ) is a male backstroke swimmer from Finland .
Fanta Damba ( born in 1938 in Ségou ) is a Malian jalimuso ( Bambara female Griot - singer ) known to her fans as La Grande Vedette Malienne .
Delilah Asiago ( born 24 February 1972 ) is a retired female athlete from Kenya .
Martinez collaborated with Jewel De'Nyle on an all - female spanking and softcore bondage video entitled The Notorious Jewel De'Nyle & Shelly Martinez .
Miss Marple may thus be considered a female version of that staple of British detective fiction , the gentleman detective .
Josie Bassett ( January 17 , 1874 -- May 1 , 1964 ) was a female rancher .
Jacqueline Robinson ( 30 January 1966 -- 9 October 2005 ) was a female West Indian cricketer who played one Test match and 16 women 's One Day Internationals .
Tanith Maxwell ( born 2 June 1976 in Durban ) is a female South Africa runner who has competed over distances ranging from 10 km to the marathon .
Wais Ibrahim Khairandesh ( born 31 December 1990 ) is a male Afghan middle - distance runner .
Lois Abbingh ( born 13 August 1992 ) is a Dutch female handballer who plays as a left back for HCM Baia Mare .
Isabel Bassett Wasson ( 1897 - -1994 ) was one of the first female petroleum geologists in the United States , the first female ranger at Yellowstone National Park , and also one of the first interpretive rangers ( male or female ) hired by the National Park Service .
Uladzimir Ignatik ( Belarusian : Уладзімір Ігнацік ; Russian : Владимир Игнатик ; born 14 July 1990 in Belarus ) is a Belarusian professional tennis player , who is the top - ranked male Belarusian tennis player in singles .
Özlem Kaya ( pronounced ( ˈøzlem kaˈja ) ; born April 20 , 1990 in Ardahan , Turkey ) is a Turkish female middle - distance runner .
Linda Sheskey ( born October 18 , 1962 ) is a retired female middle distance runner from the United States , who was born as Linda Detlefsen .
Alexandra Hai , also known as Alex Hai , 40-year - old of German and Algerian descent , is the first female in the city of Venice , Italy who is paid to row clients around the city in a gondola .
The Canadian Advanced Technology Alliance ( CATAAlliance ) presents a Sara Kirke Award for Woman Entrepreneurship in memory of Lady Kirke , awarded annually to Canada 's leading female high tech entrepreneur .
Dimitrios Kazazis ( Greek : Δημήτριος Καζάζης , born 24 October 1966 ) is a retired Greek male volleyball player and coach .
Gloria Emanuelle Widjaja ( born 28 December 1993 in Bekasi ) is a female Indonesian badminton player .
Leung Po Shan 's next work was inspired by a stage performance she participated in at 20 Beans Theater , in which the female character Siu Ling committed suicide .
Philip Ichovski ( born 12 December 1991 ) is an Austrian male former volleyball player .
Nickiesha Wilson ( born July 28 , 1986 in Kingston ) is a female hurdler from Jamaica .
José Alejandro Semprún ( born March 12 , 1973 in La Guayra ) is a male long - distance runner from Venezuela .
Virgil Tibbs is a fictional character who is one of the two leading male characters in John Ball 's 1965 novel In the Heat of the Night , and the protagonist in six sequels to that novel .
Ieva Dumbauskaitė ( born 7 September 1994 in Klaipėda ) is a female Lithuanian beach volleyball player .
Lisa Cross ( born 4 April 1978 ) is a professional British female bodybuilder .
Li Chunxia ( Chinese : 黎春霞 ; pinyin : Lí Chūnxiá ; born March 4 , 1977 in Chengdu , Sichuan ) is a female Chinese softball player .
Zhang Chunfang ( simplified Chinese : 张春芳 ; traditional Chinese : 張春芳 ; pinyin : Zhāng Chūnfāng ; born March 29 , 1970 ) is a female Chinese softball player .
Hennadiy Krasylnykov ( Ukrainian : Геннадій Красильников ; born March 30 , 1977 ) is a retired male weightlifter from Ukraine .
Valentina Ivanova ( Russian : Валентина Иванова ; born May 10 , 1963 ) is a retired female discus thrower from Russia , who competed in the discus contest at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Kim Betts ( née Williams ; born 25 December 1971 ) is an English Gymnast , bodybuilder and TV presenter best known as Lightning in the ITV show Gladiators , where she was the longest serving female star .
`` Madame '' Marie Aioe Dorion Venier Toupin ( ca . 1786 -- September 5 , 1850 ) was the only female member of an overland expedition sent by Pacific Fur Company to the Pacific Northwest in 1810 .
Baguio Wong Bik Yiu ( Chinese : 黃碧瑤 ; Jyutping : wong4 bik1 jiu4 ) is a former female table tennis player from Hong Kong .
Raimi Merritt is a professional wakeboarder and is one of the top female athletes in the sport of wakeboarding .
Aedesia ( Greek : Αἰδεσία ) was a female philosopher of the Neoplatonic school who lived in Alexandria in the fifth century .
Petrona Rosende ( 1797 - -1863 ) was the first female journalist in Argentina .
Shafiga Akhundova ( Azerbaijani : Şəfiqə Axundova ; January 21 , 1924 -- July 26 , 2013 ) was a prominent Azerbaijani composer , the first professional female author of an opera in the East and People 's Artist of Azerbaijan .
Bao Yingying ( Chinese : 包盈盈 ; pinyin : Bāo Yíngyíng ; born 6 November 1983 in Qidong , Nantong , Jiangsu ) is a female Chinese sabre fencer , who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Karel Schwarzenberg is the current 12th Prince of Schwarzenberg , through his adoption by Heinrich Schwarzenberg , the brother of Joseph Schwarzenberg , the 11th Prince and last male member of the major Schwarzenberg line ( First Majorat ) .
Floriane Chinsky , born in Paris and ordained in Jerusalem , became Belgium 's first female rabbi in 2005 at Beth Hillel in Brussels .
Wang Linwei ( simplified Chinese : 王琳炜 ; traditional Chinese : 王琳煒 ; pinyin : Wáng Línwěi ; born August 29 , 1956 ) is a former female Chinese handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Jiang Yanjiao ( simplified Chinese : 蒋燕皎 ; traditional Chinese : 蔣燕皎 ; pinyin : Jiǎng Yànjiǎo ) , is a female badminton player from the People 's Republic of China .
Agata Durajczyk ( born 19 August 1989 ) is a Polish female volleyball player , playing as a libero .
Following a dispute with the court composer Heinichen in 1720 , which led to his dismissal , Senesino was engaged by Handel as primo uomo ( lead male singer ) in his company , the Royal Academy of Music .
Virginie Arnold ( born December 24 , 1979 in Biscarrosse , Landes ) is a female archer from France .
Thea Rasche ( 12 August 1899 -- 25 February 1971 ) , was Germany 's first female aerobatics pilot .
Asfaw Wossen ( Amharic : አስፋ ወሰን ? , āsfā wossen ) is an Ethiopic male given name .
High says that Loki 's alternative name is Lopt , that he is the son of the male jötunn Farbauti , his mother is `` Laufey or Nál '' , and his brothers are Helblindi and Býleistr .
Qiu Haitao ( simplified Chinese : 邱海涛 ; traditional Chinese : 邱海濤 ; pinyin : Qiū Hǎitāo ; born August 15 , 1973 ) is a female Chinese softball player .
Sunder Deodhar ( married Sunder Patwardhan ) is a female badminton player from India .
Li Wenquan ( Chinese : 李文全 ; pinyin : Lǐ Wénquán ; born 18 January 1986 in Guangxi ) is a male archer from Gaotian village , Yangshuo County , Guilin City in the People 's Republic of China .
Guo Yihan ( Chinese : 郭奕含 , born on March 9 , 1995 in Jilin ) is a Chinese female short track speed skater .
Nick Ponting is a former professional male badminton player from England .
Anna Świrszczyńska ( also known as Anna Swir ) ( 1909 - -1984 ) was a Polish poet whose works deal with themes including her experiences during World War II , motherhood , the female body , and sensuality .
Sebastian Dehmer ( born 1982 - 02 - 14 in Darmstadt , Hessen ) is a male athlete from Germany , who competes in triathlon .
Kate Warne ( 1833 -- January 28 , 1868 ) was the first female detective in the United States .
Justinas Kinderis ( born 24 May 1987 ) is a male Lithuanian modern pentathlete who won a bronze medal at 2010 World Modern Pentathlon Championships .
Raúl Domínguez Romero ( born August 15 , 1972 ) is a retired male track cyclist from Cuba .
Jenny Burton ( born November 18 , 1957 , New York ) , is an American female R&B singer who had several hits on the US Billboard dance chart .
Lidia Borda whom the `` Rolling Stone Magazine '' described as `` the best tango singer of the present '' is regarded as the best female voice in the last decades , and she has been widely acclaimed .
Helen Nichol ( born 18 February 1981 in Burlington , Ontario ) is a female badminton player from Canada , who won the gold medal in the women 's doubles competition at the 2003 Pan American Games , partnering Charmaine Reid .
The players can play as a male or a female Beorning , and can transform into a bear after building up sufficient wrath whilst engaged in combat .
Prince Cecil was studying engineering at college when director Teja came to Visakhapatnam to find for a male lead for his film , Neeku Naaku Dash Dash .
Dominique Guebey ( born May 23 , 1952 in Lyon , Rhône ) is a male French racewalker who competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Bonamia menziesii , commonly known as Hawaiʻi Lady 's Nightcap , is a species of flowering plant in the morning glory family , Convolvulaceae , that is endemic to Hawaii .
Tetraophasis is a genus of Galliform in the family Phasianidae , which includes pheasants , Perdixs , grouse , turkeyss , tragopan , and koklass .
Cyathea glabra is a species of tree fern native to Borneo , western Java , Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula , where it grows in lowland swamp forest and montane forest at an elevation of up to 1500 m. The trunk of this plant is erect and 2 - 4 m tall .
Dolichoderus explicans is an extinct species of Oligocene ant in the genus Dolichoderus .
Ancylodes dealbatella is a species of snout moth in the genus Ancylodes .
Storrsia olsoni is a species of sand stargazer native to the Atlantic coast of Brazil where it can be found in tide pools at depths of from 0 to 1 metre ( 0.0 to 3.3 ft ) .
Ngapakaldia is an extinct genus of marsupial , related to the modern koala and wombat .
Arminoidea is a superfamily of small sea slugs , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Nudibranchia .
Stemmops is a genus of small theridiid spiders that mostly occur in America , from the USA to Brazil .
Philodromus bosmansi is a spider species found in Sardinia and Algeria .
Eisenia arborea , or the southern sea palm ( not to be confused with the sea palm ) , is a dominant species of kelp that is found in the Northern and Eastern Pacific from Vancouver Island , Canada south to Isla Magdalena , Mexico , and along the coast of Baja California .
The forked ferns are the family Gleicheniaceae .
Gyrostigma is a genus of botfly which parasitize rhinoceroses .
Allium fedschenkoanum is a plant species found high in the high mountains of Pakistan , Afghanistan , Kazakhstan , Uzbekistan , Kyrgyzstan , Xinjiang , Xizang ( Tibet ) and Tajikistan .
Alstonia macrophylla or Hard alstonia , Hard milkwood or Big - leaved macrophyllum is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family .
Aralia spinosa , commonly known as Devil 's Walkingstick , is a woody species of plants in the genus Aralia , family Araliaceae , native to eastern North America .
Selenocosmia stirlingi is a species of spider with the common name barking spider .
Perlucidibaca piscinae is the only known species of the genus Perlucidibaca .
Tetragenococcus muriaticus is a species of moderately halophilic lactic acid , histamine - producing bacteria .
The Pasteuriaceae are a family of Gram positive bacteria .
It contains only one species , Inbioxa epithecae , which is found in Costa Rica .
Scindapsus pictus ( satin pothos , silver vine ) is a species of flowering plant in the arum family Araceae , native to Bangladesh , Thailand , Peninsular Malaysia , Borneo , Java , Sumatra , Sulawesi , and the Philippines .
Aldabrinus aldabrinus is a species of pseudoscorpion that is known from Aldabra in the Seychelles and from Mozambique .
Paralophonotus auroguttata is a moth in the Cossidae family , and the only species in the genus Paralophonotus .
Aepus gallaecus is a species of beetle in the Carabidae family , that is endemic to Spain .
The Bovini tribe is made up of large to very large grazers , including large animals of great economic significance to humans in Domestic Cattle , Domestic buffalo , and the Yak , as well as smaller Asian relatives , and large free - roaming bovids in the African Buffalo and the American Bison .
Lasius coloradensis is a species of ant belonging to the Lasius genus , formerly apart of the genus ( now a subgenus ) Acanthomyops .
Synodontis kogonensis is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Guinea , where it occurs in the Kogon and Fatala rivers .
Thorius troglodytes ( common name : Taylor 's pigmy salamander ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae that is endemic to Mexico .
Miresa habenichti is a moth species in the family of Limacodidae found in Mozambique .
Imperata is a small but widespread genus of tropical and subtropical grasses , commonly known as satintails .
Tachina asiatica is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to India .
Calytrix amethystina is a species of flowering plant of the Myrtaceae family .
The Anthaspidellidae are an extinct family of sponges whose dendroclone spicules form ladder - like trabs .
It contains the single species Hestiarcha pyrrhopa , which is found in Australia , where it has been recorded from South Australia .
Larryleachia is a genus of stapeliad succulent flowering plants in the family Asclepiadaceae .
Alvinocarididae is a family of shrimp , originally described by M. L. Christoffersen in 1986 from samples collected by DSV Alvin , from which they derive their name .
Oryzomys is a genus of semiaquatic rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini living in southern North America and far northern South America .
Grindelia oaxacana is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Allium juldusicola is a rare species of wild onion apparently endemic to western part of Xinjiang Province in China .
Elephantopus carolinianus , common names Carolina elephantsfoot or leafy elephant 's foot , is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family .
Athrotaxis cupressoides is a species of Athrotaxis , endemic to Tasmania in Australia , where it grows at 700 - -1,300 m altitude .
Cyathea horridula is a species of tree fern native to western New Guinea , where it grows in montane forest at an altitude of approximately 1700 m. It is a rare plant known only from the type locality .
Phyllogonostreptus nigrolabiatus is a common species of millipede found in India .
The Mexican long - tailed shrew ( Sorex oreopolus ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Kurtziella perryae is a species of very small predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae .
Bulimulus chemitzioides s a species of tropical air - breathing land snail , a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae .
Hibiscus lasiocarpos ( also , H. lasiocarpus ) is a species of hibiscus known by the common name hairy - fruited hibiscus .
Orthotylus mariagratiae is a species of bug from the Miridae family that is endemic to Crete .
Prosartes smithii is a North American species of flowering plants known by the common name largeflower fairybells .
Paracristenes fergussoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paracristenes .
Garrya veatchii is a species of flowering shrub known by the common names canyon silktassel and Veatch silktassel .
Diplodonta semiaspera , or the pimpled diplodon , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Ungulinidae .
Abronia turbinata is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common name transmontane sand - verbena .
Orcuttia californica is a rare species of grass known by the common name California Orcutt grass .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Rhipidiomyces acriti .
Dinophysis acuminata is a marine plankton species belonging to the phylum Dinoflagellate that is found in coastal waters of the north Atlantic and Pacific oceans .
Amata humeralis is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae It is found in Australia . , where it has been recorded from Western Australia , the Northern Territory , Queensland and New South Wales .
Chaenocephalus aceratus , the blackfin icefish , is a species of crocodile icefish known from around Bouvet Island and the northern Antarctic Peninsula where it occurs at depths of 5 to 770 metres ( 16 to 2,526 ft ) .
Hydrophis bituberculatus , commonly known as Peters ' Sea Snake , is a species of venomous elapid .
Rhopalosomatidae is a family of Hymenoptera containing about 68 extant species in four genera that are found worldwide .
Streptomyces gulbargensis is an alkalitolerant and thermotolerant bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Gulbarga in the Karnataka in India .
Tanipone is a Malagasy genus of ants in the subfamily Dorylinae .
Viguierella is a genus of Madagascan plants in the grass family .
Arta brevivalvalis is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae that is endemic to Arizona .
Atopocottus tribranchius is a species of sculpin native to the Sea of Japan where it is only known from the waters off of Niigata Prefecture .
Gorgonocephalus is a genus of marine basket stars in the class Ophiuroidea .
Acaena juvenca is a species of perennial plant found in scrubland and forest margins up to an altitude of 1200 m on the eastern side of both North and South Islands , New Zealand .
Tumiditarsus cicatricornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Tumiditarsus .
Litoria humboldtorum is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Papua Province of Indonesia , and found on Yapen Island ( its type locality ) as well as on foothills of the Foja Mountains in the mainland New Guinea .
Micropechis ikaheka , commonly known as the New Guinea small - eyed snake or Ikaheka snake , is a highly venomous elapid , the only species in the genus Micropechis .
Acanthophis is a genus of elapid snakes .
Kosmoceras is a moderately evolute ammonite genus from the upper Callovian ( Middle Jurassic ) of Europe with a simple apterure and irregular ribbing interrupted by an irregular row of lateral tubercles .
Hoplorana is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae , containing the following species : subgenus Hoplorana Hoplorana attenuata Fairmaire , 1898 Hoplorana fuscovestita Breuning , 1970 Hoplorana mussardi Breuning , 1957 Hoplorana parterufa Breuning , 1980 Hoplorana quadricristata Fairmaire , 1896 Hoplorana vadoni Breuning , 1957 subgenus Parhoplorana Hoplorana nigroscutata Fairmaire , 1905
Callionymus tethys is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific waters around New Caledonia .
Melianthus comosus ( honey flower ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Melianthaceae .
Paraenicodes annulifer is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paraenicodes .
The Myxobolidae are a family of myxosporean parasites which typically infect freshwater fishes , and includes the economically significant species , Myxobolus cerebralis .
Zelkova sicula is a species of Zelkova in the family Ulmaceae , endemic to Sicily .
Panicum decompositum , known by the common names native millet , Australian millet , papa grass , and umbrella grass , is a species of grass native to the inland of Australia .
Causus resimus is a venomous viper species found in isolated populations distributed across tropical Africa .
Ischnura genei , the island bluetail damselfly , is a species of damselfly that replaces the blue - tailed damselfly on some Mediterranean islands ( e.g. , Corsica and Sardinia , where the two species are not known to coexist ) - it is found on four islands .
Oligonychus sacchari , the sugarcane mite , yellow mite or sugarcane yellow mite , is a species of mite .
Nebria cordicollis heeri is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Switzerland .
Aloe falcata is a species of aloe .
Ocypode brevicornis is a species of ghost crabs native to the Indian Ocean , from the Gulf of Oman to the Nicobar Islands .
Cosmetalepas concatenata , common name the pitted keyhole limpet , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets and slit limpets .
Aiolocaria hexaspilota is a beetle species from the lady beetle family ( Coccinellidae ) ; adults can be as large as 13 mm long .
Diplotomodon ( meaning `` double cutting tooth '' ) is a dubious genus of reptile , possibly a theropod dinosaur , from New Jersey .
Baccharis klattii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family that is endemic to Ecuador .
Torulaspora delbrueckii is a ubiquitous yeast species with both wild and anthropic habitats .
Dimorphotheca is a genus of plants in the sunflower family , native to Africa and Australia .
Astroboa is a genus of basket stars in the class Ophiuroidea .
Conus striatus , common name the striated cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Aspidura guentheri , commonly known as Günther 's rough - sided snake or කුඩා මැඩිල්ලා ( kuda medilla ) in Sinhala , is a species of colubrid snake endemic to Sri Lanka .
Ctenium elegans is an annual grass species in the genus Ctenium from African savanna areas .
Ptilotus is a genus of mostly perennial herbs or shrubs in the family Amaranthaceae .
Careproctus pallidus is a species of snailfish found around Tierra del Fuego in the far south of South America .
Larra anathema is a species of parasitoid wasps belonging to the family Crabronidae .
Libanopristis is an extinct genus of sawfish belonging to the family Sclerorhynchidae .
Mikadotrochus beyrichii , common name Beyrich 's slit shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurotomariidae .
Paladilhia hungarica is a species of small freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Bubas bubalus is a species of beetle of the subfamily Scarabaeinae within the family Scarabaeidae .
Remya mauiensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Maui remya .
' Hemipterochilus ' is a palearctic genus of potter wasps .
Vitis tsoii is a species of wild grape in the Vitaceae family .
Bothrops lojanus , or the Lojan lancehead , is a species of venomous pit viper in the Viperidae family .
Hydrophis klossi , commonly known as Kloss 's sea snake , is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae .
Poa sieberiana , commonly known as grey tussock - grass and snow grass , is a species of tussock grass that is endemic to Australia .
Gasterophilus is a genus of parasitic flies in the family Oestridae which includes the horse botfly .
Cleomella brevipes is a species of flowering plant in the cleome family known by the common name shortstalk stinkweed .
Tabanus cordiger also known as the plain - eyed grey horsefly is a species of biting horse - fly .
Gigaspermaceae are a family of mosses in subclass Funariidae .
Draba densifolia is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known as the denseleaf draba .
Mesoraphidiidae is an extinct family of snakeflies in the suborder Raphidiomorpha .
Ciulfina klassi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Ciulfina in the order Mantodea .
Chartergellus is a genus of eusocial wasps of Epiponini with ten described species .
The Perote ground squirrel ( Xerospermosphilus perotensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Tuber macrosporum , commonly known as the smooth black truffle , is a species of edible truffle in the family Tuberaceae .
Alternanthera caracasana is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common names khakiweed , washerwoman and mat chaff flower .
Vandeleuria is a small genus of rodent from Asia with only three species .
Thalassius albocinctus , commonly called the fishing spider , is a species of spider found in tropical Asia from India to the Philippines .
Aristolochia longa ( Long Aristolochia , Sarrasine ) is a species of pipevine .
Penicillium flavigenum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces penitrem A , penicillin and roquefortine C.
Reymondia minor is a species of small freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae .
Batyrosaurus is an extinct genus of herbivorous basal hadrosauroid dinosaur known from the Late Cretaceous Bostobinskaya Formation ( Santonian to Campanian stage ) of central Kazakhstan .
Osphronemus laticlavius , common name Giant red tail gourami , is a species of gourami belonging to the family Osphronemidae .
Citharinus is a genus of lutefishes from tropical Africa , with six currently described species :
Phonodus is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile .
Arisaema jacquemontii is a species of flowering plant from Araceae family that can be found growing on rocky slopes and in the forests on the elevation of 2,400 - -4,000 metres ( 7,900 - -13,100 ft ) in ' Afghanistan , East Asia and Himalayas .
Crocidium multicaule is a species of plants in the daisy family known by the common name spring gold .
Calliophis bibroni , commonly known as Bibron 's coral snake , is a species of venomous elapid snake , which is native to India .
Prothalotia flindersi , common name the Flinders top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Escobaria missouriensis , the Missouri foxtail cactus and formerly Coryphantha missouriensis , is a species of low - growing North American cacti .
Granatellus is a genus of bird previously placed in the family Parulidae , although biochemical evidence suggests it belongs in Cardinalidae , a move followed by the American Ornithologists ' Union in 2009 .
Bulla quoyii , or the brown bubble snail , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Bullidae , the bubble snails .
Euposauridae was a family of lizards from the Jurassic of Europe .
Eucalyptus muelleriana , commonly known as Yellow Stringybark , is a species of Eucalyptus which is native to New South Wales and Victoria in Australia .
Urocoptis is a genus of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Urocoptidae .
The Horned Dendrobium ( Dendrobium ceraula ) is a species of orchid endemic to the island of Luzon in the Philippines .
Dicerandra cornutissima is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name longspurred mint , longspurred balm , and Robin 's mint .
Oxystelma is a genus of flowering plants of the family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1810 .
This genus was named and described in 2008 by its discoverer Rico Stecher ; the type species is Raeticodactylus filisurensis .
Aioliops is a genus of dartfishes native to the central western Pacific Ocean .
Eriastrum diffusum is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name miniature woollystar .
Epichirostenotes is a genus of oviraptorosaurian dinosaur from the late Cretaceous .
Neorhodomela larix , commonly known as black pine , is a species of red algae native to coastal areas of the North Pacific , from Mexico to the Bering Sea to Japan .
The genus name Bonitasaura refers to the fossil quarry 's name , `` La Bonita '' , while the name of the type species , B. salgadoi , pays homage to Leonardo Salgado , a renowned Argentine palaeontologist .
Symphyotrichum frondosum ( formerly Aster frondosus ) is a species of aster known by the common name short - rayed alkali aster .
Philautus everetti is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in the Philippines .
Wilkesia gymnoxiphium ( Hawaiian iliau ) , is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family , Asteraceae , that is endemic to the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaiʻi .
Cornus suecica ( dwarf cornel or bunchberry ) is a species of flowering plant in the dogwood family Cornaceae , native to cool temperate and subarctic regions of Europe and Asia , and also locally in extreme northeastern and northwestern North America .
Lonicera fragrantissima is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common names winter honeysuckle , fragrant honeysuckle , January jasmine , Chinese honeysuckle , kiss - me - at - the - gate , and sweet breath of spring .
Drosera filiformis , commonly known as the Thread - leaved sundew , is a small , insectivorous , rosette forming species of perennial herb .
Doryrhamphus janssi , commonly known as the Janss ' pipefish , is a species of pipefish belonging to the family Syngnathidae .
Grevillea neurophylla , commonly known as Granite Grevillea , is a shrub species in the family Proteaceae .
Hibiscus dasycalyx is a species of hibiscus known by the common name Neches River rosemallow .
Arctosaurus ( meaning `` arctic lizard '' ) is an extinct genus of reptile originally classified as a small reptile of unknown affinities , but was often classified as a sauropodomorph dinosaur in the years to follow .
Mammillaria dioica , also called the strawberry cactus , California fishhook cactus , strawberry pincusion or fishhook cactus , is a cactus species of the genus Mammillaria .
Pleuronectes is a genus of righteye flounders found in the northern oceans .
Chaenopsis schmitti , the Yellow - mouth pikeblenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean .
Pristimantis gaigei ( common name : Fort Randolph robber frog or Gaige 's rain frog ) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Iaceornis is a prehistoric marine bird genus endemic to North America during the Late Cretaceous living about 83.5 mya .
Diala semistriata is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dialidae .
Trifolium howellii is a species of clover known by the common names canyon clover and Howell 's clover .
Lupinus adsurgens is a species of lupine known by the common name Drew 's silky lupine .
Platanthera yosemitensis , the Yosemite bog orchid , is a species of orchid that is endemic to nine wet montane meadows between the main stem and the South Fork of the Merced River in Yosemite National Park .
Garra lamta is a species of cyprinid in the genus Garra .
Chama macerophylla , or the leafy jewel box clam , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Chamidae .
The Cosmosoma cardinale is described as a day - flying moth , meaning that unlike most species of moth it is active during the day and sleeps at night .
Calliomorpha cyanoptera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Calliomorpha .
Tacca leontopetaloides is a species of flowering plant in the yam family Dioscoreaceae , that is native to tropical Africa , South Asia , Southeast Asia , northern Australia , New Guinea , Samoa , Micronesia , and Fiji .
Dalea reverchonii is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Comanche Peak prairie - clover .
Oplodontha viridula , the common green colonel , is a European species of soldier fly .
Atelornis is a small genus of birds in the ground - roller family Brachypteraciidae .
Ochthochloa is a genus of desert plants in the grass family native to the Sahara and Arabian Deserts .
Agave delamateri is a species of plant in the agave subfamily , Agavoideae .
Maoraxidae is an extinct family of snails , gastropod molluscs in the clade Sorbeoconcha .
Gymnocalycium saglionis is a globular cactus species from South America .
Metaxmeste phrygialis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family , found in mountainous areas of Europe , including the Alps .
Alkalilimnicola ehrlichii is a species of arsenite - oxidizing haloalkaliphilic gammaproteobacterium capable of chemoautotrophic or heterotrophic growth .
Polygala calcarea ( chalk milkwort ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Polygalaceae , native to western Europe .
Cupressus duclouxiana , known commonly as the Chinese cypress or Yunnan cypress , is a species of conifer in the cypress family , Cupressaceae .
Polygonum minimum is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common name broadleaf knotweed .
Drosera fimbriata , the Manypeaks sundew , is a perennial tuberous species in the genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia .
Ectocarpales is a very large order in the brown algae ( class Phaeophyceae ) .
Lockhartia parthenocomos is a species of orchid native to South America .
Parinari campestris is a species of tree in the plant family Chrysobalanaceae which is native to Trinidad , the Guianas , Venezuela and Brazil .
The Chinese water shrew ( Chimarrogale styani ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Zamia dressleri is a species of plant in the family Zamiaceae family .
Gould 's petrel ( Pterodroma leucoptera ) is a species of seabird in the Procellariidae family .
Acropora pharaonis is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by Milne - Edwards and Haime in 1860 .
Boreostereum is a genus of corticioid fungi .
Conasprella kohni is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , known as the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
Rossia glaucopis is a species of bobtail squid native to the southeastern Pacific Ocean , specifically the waters around Chile .
More than 50 species of plants are potential hosts for Wound tumor virus .
Oligacanthorhynchida is an order containing a single family , Oligacanthorhynchidae , of parasitic worms that attach themselves to the intestinal wall of terrestrial vertebrates
Dialidae , common name dialids , is a family of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Sorbeoconcha .
Cambarus pecki ( formerly Procambarus pecki ) , sometimes called the phantom cave crayfish , is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae .
Abbasites is an extinct ammonite genus from the early Middle Jurassic included in the ammonitid family Erycitidae .
Ceroxys fraudulosa is a species of picture - winged fly in the genus Ceroxys of the family Ulidiidae .
Fragaria orientalis is a diploid species of wild strawberry native to E. Asia - Eastern Siberia .
The Thiotrichaceae are a family of Proteobacteria , including Thiomargarita namibiensis , the largest known bacterium .
Triphasia is a small genus of three species in the family Rutaceae , related to Citrus .
Ruppia megacarpa is a submerged herb species in the genus Ruppia found in shallow brackish waters .
It contains only one species , Pseudacrobasis nankingella , which is found in France , Spain , Japan , China , Korea and Russia .
Wettinia minima is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family found only in Ecuador .
Sand stargazers are blennioids ; perciform marine fish of the family Dactyloscopidae .
Wardia is a monotypic genus of mosses in the subclass Dicranidae ; it contains only the species Wardia hygrometrica , `` an aquatic moss endemic to the Western Cape province of South Africa . ''
Scotophilus is a genus of vespertilionid bats commonly called yellow bats .
Melanochromis robustus is a species of cichlid in the Cichlidae endemic to Lake Malawi .
Pachyornis is an extinct genus of ratites from New Zealand which belonged to the moa family .
Rubus trilobus ( boulder raspberry or delicious raspberry ) is Mesoamerican species of flowering plant in the rose family .
A monotypic genus , it contains the single species Parvomyces merophysiae .
Notiosorex cockrumi , also called Cockrum 's gray shrew or Cockrum 's desert shrew , is a tiny species of shrew named in 2003 .
Nothrotherium is an extinct genus of medium - sized ground sloth from South America and Mexico .
Potentilla diversifolia is a species of flowering plant in the Rose Family ( Rosaceae ) known by the common names varileaf cinquefoil , different - leaved cinquefoil , and mountain meadow cinquefoil .
Perityle emoryi is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Emory 's rockdaisy .
Ambrosia bidentata ( lanceleaf ragweed ) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
Nocardia asteroides is a species of Nocardia .
Stegolophodon is an extinct genus of proboscidean .
Calophyllum neoebudicum is a species of tree in the Calophyllaceae family .
Solidago pringlei is a Mexican species of goldenrod in the sunflower family .
Flabellina rubrolineata , commonly called also red - lined flabellina , is a species of sea slug , an aeolid nudibranch , a marine heterobranch mollusc in the family Flabellinidae .
Trophis scandens , commonly named burny vine , is a species of large woody vines , constituting part of the fig plant family .
Greenwoodochromis is a small genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika in Africa .
Calliostoma tricolor , common name the three - coloured top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Calliotropis chuni is a species of sea snail ; a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae .
Marywadea ovata is the only species known .
Glaphyrina caudata is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Lagenoderus is a genus of leaf - rolling weevil that is noted for being strongly sexually dimorphic .
Magnolia sieboldii , Siebold 's Magnolia , also known as Oyama Magnolia , is a species of Magnolia native to east Asia in China , Japan , and Korea .
Penicillium longicatenatum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil in South Africa .
Selaginella eremophila is a species of spikemoss known by the common name desert spikemoss .
Species The only known species is Toiyabea alpina , the alpine serpentweed , native to the Toiyabe and Toquima Mountains of central Nevada ( Nye and Lander Counties ) .
Hylaeus alcyoneus , commonly known as the banksia bee , is a bee species endemic to Australia where it is commonly found in the coastal heaths of eastern and southern Western Australia .
Hydrophilus piceus is a species of beetle in the family Hydrophilidae , the water scavenger beetles .
Heterogen longispira is a species of operculate freshwater snail , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Viviparidae .
Plagusia is a genus of crabs in the family Grapsidae , containing the following species :
Cyphipelta is a genus of Australian hoverflies .
Oxalis schaeferi is a species of plant in the Oxalidaceae family .
Allium saxatile is a Eurasian species of onion native to European Russia , Belarus , Caucasus , and the Altai Krai region in Siberia .
Mattfeldanthus is a genus of Brazilian flowering plants in Ironweed tribe within the sunflower family .
Euaraliopsis dumicola is a species of flowering plant in the family Araliaceae .
The Brachypsectridae are a family of beetles commonly known as the Texas beetles .
Hydrangea aspera is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangaceae , native to the region between the Himalayas , across southern China , to Taiwan .
Aromobates orostoma ( common name : Tachira rocket frog ) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family .
Porcellio pulverulentus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that is endemic to Spain .
Thymophylla is a genus of perennial flowering plants in the marigold tribe within the sunflower family .
Leucobrotula adipata is a species of false brotula found in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean .
Myrmecia inquilina is a species of ant endemic to Australia in the subfamily Myrmeciinae , first discovered in 1955 and described by Athol Douglas and William Brown Jr. in 1959 .
Chinchilla rats or chinchillones are members of the family Abrocomidae .
Melica radula is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in Chinese provinces such as Jilin , Lea and Shanxi in grassy mountain slopes and forests that are full with Larch species on the elevation of 300 - -1,200 metres ( 980 - -3,940 ft ) .
Ernstichthys is a genus of banjo catfishes that occurs in the Amazon and Orinoco basins .
Omicroides is a monotypic Indomalayan genus of potter wasps .
The Russulales are an order of the Agaricomycetes , ( which include the agaric genera Russula and Lactarius and their polyporoid and corticioid relatives ) .
Plesiocystiscinae is a subfamily of minute sea predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the infraorder Neogastropoda .
The Stygnopsidae are a small family of harvestmen , with almost all species found in Mexico .
Pierreclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , containing only one species , Pierreclanis admatha , which is known from Guinea , Ivory Coast , Cameroon , the Central African Republic , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the Republic of the Congo , Gabon and Ghana .
Carabus sylvestris is a species of either black or brown - coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Austria , Czech Republic , Hungary , Italy , Liechtenstein , Poland , Romania , Slovakia , Slovenia , Ukraine , and the Netherlands .
Leptobarbus melanopterus is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Leptobarbus from the Kapuas River basin in Borneo .
A monotypic genus , it contains the single polypore species Bridgeoporus nobilissimus , first described to science in 1949 .
Erigeron flabellifolius is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names fan - leaf fleabane .
Mychonoa is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family .
Liolaemus gravenhorstii , commonly known as Gravenhorst 's tree iguana , is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae .
The Labyrinthulomycetes ( ICBN ) or Labyrinthulea ( ICZN ) , are a class of protists that produce a network of filaments or tubes , which serve as tracks for the cells to glide along and absorb nutrients for them .
The family Dipluridae , known as funnel - web tarantulas , are a group of spiders in the infraorder Mygalomorphae , that have two pairs of booklungs , and chelicerae ( fangs ) that move up and down in a stabbing motion .
Rhyticeros is a genus of medium to large hornbills ( Bucerotidae family ) found in forests from Southeast Asia to the Solomons .
Micromeryx is an extinct genus of musk deer that lived in the Miocene .
†Partula remota was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Bolma aureola , common name the golden turbo shell or the scaly star shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Cornus piggae is an extinct species of dogwood known from fossil fruits found in Late Paleocene sediments exposed in the state of North Dakota , USA .
Herichthys is a small genus of cichlid fishes .
Grammoplites is a genus of flatheads native to the western Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean .
Agave stricta ( common names hedgehog agave , rabo de léon ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae , native to Puebla and Oaxaca in Southern Mexico .
Echinorhynchidae is a family of acanthocephalan parasitic worms from the order Echinorhynchida .
Portunus is a genus of crab which includes several important species for fisheries , such as the blue swimming crab , Portunus pelagicus and the Gazami crab , P. trituberculatus .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Buxetroldia bisaccata , described as new to science in 1997 .
Odostomia laevigata , common name the ovoid odostome , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
The Charaxinae , the leafwings , are a nymphalid subfamily of butterflies that includes about 400 species , inhabiting mainly the tropics , although some species extend into temperate regions in North America , Europe , China , and southern Australia .
Elacatinus horsti , the Yellowline goby , is a species of goby native to the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea .
Tiger parrots are members of the genus Psittacella in the Psittaculidae family .
Vicente 's poison frog ( Oophaga vicentei ) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family that is endemic to the Veraguas and Coclé Provinces of central Panama .
Stillingia spinulosa is a species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common name annual toothleaf .
Streptomyces canchipurensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from a limestone habitat in Manipur in India .
Athearnia anthonyi is a rare species of freshwater snail in the family Pleuroceridae .
Adiantum myriosorum is a fern species very similar to Adiantum pedatum .
Senecio inaequidens , known as narrow - leaved ragwort and South African ragwort , is a species of the genus Senecio and family Asteraceae .
Streptomyces echinoruber is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which was isolated from soil in Argentina .
It contains the single species Gylla crotalistria , which is found in Brazil .
The minute tree - fungus beetles , family Ciidae , are a sizeable group of beetles which inhabit Polyporales bracket fungi or coarse woody debris .
Lactobacillus salivarius is a probiotic bacteria species that has been found to live in the gastrointestinal tract and exert a range of therapeutic properties including suppression of pathogenic bacteria .
Aspergillus clavatus is a species of Aspergillus with conidia dimensions 3 - -4.5 x 2.5 - -4.5 μms .
Aralia cordata is a species of Aralia in the Araliaceae family .
Sympycnus elegans is a fly species in the genus Sympycnus .
Hormathiidae is a family of sea anemones in the class Anthozoa .
Myrialepis is a monotypic genus of flowering plant in the palm family native to Southeast Asia , where the only species Myrialepis paradoxa is colloquially called rotan kertong , or simply rattan .
Similiparma lurida also known as the Canary damsel is a species of marine fish of the family Pomacentridae .
Oligoryzomys is a genus of rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae .
Lepidotarphius perornatella is a species of sedge moths , and the only species in the genus Lepidotarphius .
Cleobora mellyi , the Tasmanian ladybird or southern ladybird is a ladybird species endemic to Tasmania and also found in the southern states of mainland Australia .
Pulchrodiboma ochreovittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pulchrodiboma .
The Beyşehir bleak ( Alburnus akili ) , known in Turkish as gökçe balığı , was a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family , now presumed extinct .
Lantana montevidensis is a species of lantana known by many common names , such as : trailing lantana , weeping lantana , creeping lantana , small lantana , purple lantana or trailing shrubverbena .
Leus ramuli is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Leus .
It was described by Latreille , in 1809 , and contains the species Amphiderita pyrospila .
Volutidae , common name volutes , are a taxonomic family of predatory sea snails that range in size from 9 mm to over 500 mm , marine gastropod mollusks .
Succineidae are a family of small to medium - sized , air - breathing land snails ( and slugs ) , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs .
Pseudohomaloptera is a genus of ray - finned fish in the family Balitoridae .
Mauritia arabica , common name the Arabian cowry , is a species of cowry , a sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Tyrannochromis nigriventer is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers rocky shallows .
Carandaisuchus is an extinct genus of caiman .
Orthotrichum scanicum is a species of moss in the Orthotrichaceae family .
Carolinochelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle from Oligocene of United States .
Frondipedia charma is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Frondipedia .
Dracontium is a genus of flowering plants similar to those of Amorphophallus .
Nebria vanvolxemi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Portugal .
Pachydictyum globosum is a species of freshwater sponge in the family Malawispongiidae .
Homonotus sanguinolentus , the Bloody Spider - hunting Wasp is a European species of Pompilid wasp .
Maytenus cymosa ( also called Caribbean mayten ) is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family .
Lipaphis erysimi is a species of aphid of the family Aphididae .
Megachile bruchi is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae , making it a cousin of the alfalfa leafcutter bee ( Megachile rotundata ) .
Trochaclis antarctica is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ataphridae .
Flaveria sonorensis is a rare Mexican plant species of yellowtops within the sunflower family .
Dermanyssus gallinae ( also known as the red mite , poultry mite , red poultry mite , roost mite and chicken mite ) is an ectoparasite of poultry and other bird species .
Anomotodon is an extinct genus of shark related to the extant goblin shark ( Mitsukurina owstoni ) .
Lycodryas is a genus of lamprophiid snakes .
Margarella whiteana is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae , the top snails .
As with many described extinct taxa , it is the only known species in its genus Caririemys .
Mosquitoes are small , midge - like flies which comprise the family Culicidae .
Sphallenum tuberosum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Sphallenum .
Raorchestes travancoricus , variously known as the Travancore bushfrog , Travancore bubble - nest frog , or Travancore tree frog , is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae .
Truncilla truncata , common name the Deertoe , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae .
Pinecone fishes are small and unusual beryciform marine fish of the family Monocentridae .
Aponogeton crispus is an aquatic plant species .
The species Grapsus grapsus and G. adscensionis were not separated until 1990 .
Pilina unguis is an extinct species of Paleozoic Silurian monoplacophoran .
Longichela orobica is an extinct species of prawn which lived in the Norian , and is the only species in the genus Longichela .
Meiacanthus phaeus is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean .
Mentzelia pectinata is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name San Joaquin blazingstar .
Leiomitra is a genus of liverworts .
Zeltnera muehlenbergii is a species of annual herb commonly known as Monterey centaury and Muhlenberg 's centaury .
Lilium martagon ( martagon lily or Turk 's cap lily ) is a Eurasian species of lily .
Akkermansia muciniphila is a species of human intestinal mucin - degrading bacterium , the type species for a new genus , Akkermansia , proposed in 2004 by Muriel Derrien and others .
Ascocentrum ampullaceum is a species of orchid found in central China , Assam India , Bangladesh , the Himalayas , Nepal , Bhutan , Sikkim , Andaman Islands , Myanmar , Thailand , Laos and Vietnam .
Roystonea is a genus of eleven species of monoecious palms , native to the Caribbean Islands , and the adjacent coasts of Florida and Central and northern South America .
Lupinus dalesiae is a species of lupine known by the common name Quincy lupine .
Aralosaurini is a tribe of basal lambeosaurine hadrosaurs endemic to Eurasia .
The bullseye snakehead or great snakehead ( Channa marulius ) is a large species of snakehead native to South and Southeast Asia , as well as southern China .
Scaevatula pellisserpentis is a species of small predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae .
Pupinella is a genus of land snails with an operculum , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cyclophoroidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
The Monoscutidae are a family of harvestmen with 32 known species that all occur in or near Australia and New Zealand .
Manfreda scabra is one of the larger Manfreda species , with rosettes growing 0.7 - -1 metre ( 2.3 - -3.3 ft ) in height and 1.5 - -2 metres ( 4.9 - -6.6 ft ) in width .
Linanthus watsonii ( syn . Leptodactylon watsonii ) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Watson 's prickly phlox .
Probelesodon is an extinct genus of chiniquodontid cynodont .
Inocybe maculata , commonly known as the frosty fibrecap , is a species of mushroom in the Inocybaceae family .
Fimbristylis miliacea , the grasslike fimbry , is a species of fimbry that probably originated in coastal tropical Asia but has since spread to most continents as an introduced species .
Paraschistura naseeri is a species of stone loach endemic to Pakistan .
The Hausa mouse ( Mus haussa ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Plagiocephalus lobularis is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Plagiocephalus of the family Ulidiidae .
Rice tenrecs are the two species in the Malagasy genus Oryzorictes .
Clubiona vegeta is a sac spider species found in Europe , Central Asia , North Africa and the Canary Islands .
Conus papilliferus , common name the papilla cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies.p Like all species within the genus Conus , these snails are predatory and venomous .
The Phoridae are a family of small , hump - backed flies resembling fruit flies .
Mammillaria magnimamma , common name Mexican Pincushion , is a species of plant in the Cactaceae family .
Cucumbers may also be pollinated by bumblebees and several other bee species .
The Blephariceromorpha are an infraorder of nematoceran flies , including three families associated with fast - flowing , high - mountain streams , where the larvae can be found .
Grevillea elbertii is a tree species in the family Proteaceae .
Pictocolumbella ocellata , common name : the lightning dove shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae , the dove snails .
Shorea affinis is a plant species in the Dipterocarpaceae family endemic to Sri Lanka .
Muhlenbergia torreyana is a species of grass known by the common names New Jersey muhly , Torrey 's muhly , and Torrey 's dropseed .
Dipterocarpus hispidus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae , endemic to Sri Lanka .
Chrysiptera rex is a species of damselfish known by the common name king demoiselle .
Pommereulla is a genus of Indian and Sri Lankan plants in the grass family .
Angolatitan ( `` Angolan giant '' ) is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous and the first dinosaur discovered in Angola .
Ormosia howii , the Hainan ormosia , is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family native to southern China .
Calliotropis ottoi , common name Otto 's spiny margarite , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae .
Odontoglossum naevium , the Spotted Odontoglossum , is a species of orchid found from Colombia to Guyana .
Vasconcellea quercifolia ( commonly known as the oak leaf papaya ) is a species of Vasconcellea found in Bolivia and Ecuador .
Ophiclinus is a genus of clinids native to the coastal waters around Australia .
The Bordered Knob - tipped shadowdamsel , ( Drepanosticta submontana ) is a species of damselfly in the family Platystictidae .
Beschorneria yuccoides is a species of succulent plants belonging to the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Agavoideae .
Sivapithecus ( Shiva 's Ape ) is a genus of extinct apes .
Corumbataia britskii is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in small tributaries of the Sucuriú River , upper Paraná River Basin in the state of Mato Grosso do Sul .
Callionima denticulata is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae , which is known from Panama , Mexico , Costa Rica , Nicaragua , Bolivia , Peru and western Venezuela .
The Karoo lark ( Calendulauda albescens ) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family .
Centrophorus is a genus of squaliform sharks .
Praonethomimus tuberosithorax is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Praonethomimus .
Echinometra viridis , the reef urchin , is a species of sea urchin in the family Echinometridae .
Abralia andamanica is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod native to the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean .
Afronemacheilus is a genus of stone loaches endemic to Ethiopia .
Pyrrhalta is a genus of beetles in the leaf beetle family , Chrysomelidae .
Chikila is a genus of amphibian in the order Gymnophiona ( caecilians ) .
Tenrhynea is a genus of Southern African plants in the pussy's - toes tribe within the sunflower family .
Efraasia ( pronounced `` E - FRAHS - ee - A '' ) is a genus of basal sauropodomorph dinosaur .
It contains the single species Deua imbutana , which is found on Haiti .
Hordelymus is a genus of European , north African , and southwest Asian plants in the grass family .
Campylomyces is a genus of wood - rotting fungi in the family Gloeophyllaceae .
Encephalartos dolomiticus is a species of cycad that is found near Penge in the Wolkberg in southeastern Limpopo Province , South Africa at elevations of 1100 - -1500 meters .
Iris juncea ( commonly called the rush iris ) is a smooth - bulbed bulbous iris species .
Chaerophyllum procumbens is listed as an endangered species by the state of New York .
Adelosebastes latens is a species of rockfish native to the northern Pacific Ocean where it is found on the Emperor Seamounts at depths of from 900 to 1,200 metres ( 3,000 to 3,900 ft ) .
Rhinella bergi is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae that is found in Argentina , Brazil , and Paraguay .
Waianae Range labordia ( Labordia kaalae ) is a species of flowering plant in the Loganiaceae family .
Gonystylus pendulus is a species of plant in the Thymelaeaceae family .
Alligatorium is an extinct genus of atoposaurid crocodylomorph .
Monetaria caputserpentis , common name the serpent's - head cowry , is a species of cowry , a sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Trichomycterus maracaiboensis is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Venezuela , where it occurs in the San Juan river , a tributary to the Motatán river in the Lake Maracaibo basin .
Ischiopsopha plana is a species of beetles from the family Scarabaeidae , subfamily Cetoniinae , tribe Schizorhinini .
The Kashmir Rock Agama ( Laudakia tuberculata ) is a species of agamid lizard found in N Pakistan , India ( W Himalaya , Kashmir , Punjab ) , Nepal ( Kathmandu ) , Afghanistan , and China ( Tibetan Plateau ) .
Malagassodynerus is a genus of potter wasps endemic to Madagascar .
Elaphoglossum serpens is a rare species of fern that grows only on Cerro de Punta , the highest mountain in Puerto Rico .
Lycaste aromatica , common name The Sweet Scented Lycaste , is a species of flowering plant in the genus Lycaste , belonging to the Orchidaceae family .
Pyracantha rogersiana ( Asian firethorn ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae , native to western China .
Ribes speciosum is a species of gooseberry with elongate , red flowers that resemble those of fuchsia ; its common name is fuchsia - flowered gooseberry .
Archolaemus is a genus of glass knifefishes .
Labidochromis mbenjii is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur in the area around the Mbenji Islands .
Rubus harmonicusis a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Cymothoa is a genus of parasitic isopod crustaceans , containing the following species :
Aardonyx ( Afrikaans aard , `` earth '' + Greek onux , `` nail , claw '' ) is a genus of prosauropod dinosaur .
Burnupena papyracea , common name the papery burnupena , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Eubranchus cingulatus is a species of sea slug or nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eubranchidae .
Ixodes canisuga , the dog tick , is a species of tick in the family Ixodidae that can be found in Russia and throughout Europe where it feeds on foxes , cats , dogs , horses , badgers and sheep .
Eurycantha horrida , the thorny devil walking stick , is a species belonging to the stick insects ( order Phasmatodea ) and to the family Phasmatidae .
Hypsicalotes is a genus of the family Agamidae having a single species Hypsicalotes kinabaluensis found in Indonesia and Malaysia .
Stonogobiops is a genus of gobies native to the Indian and Pacific oceans .
Blechnum floresii is a species of fern in the family Blechnaceae .
Bybeana schawalleri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Bybeana .
Nelumbo lutea is a species of flowering plant in the monotypic family Nelumbonaceae .
Turritriton labiosus , also known as Cymatium labiosum , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae , the tritons .
Sargocentron spiniferum , common name sabre squirrelfish , giant squirrelfish and spiny squirrelfish , is a large Indo - Pacific species of squirrelfish belonging to the family Holocentridae .
The genus Paradisaea consists of seven species of birds - of - paradise ( family Paradisaeidae ) .
Trientalis is a small genus of flowering plants containing three species known as starflowers or wintergreens .
Astraeus odoratus ( Thai : เห็ดเผาะหนัง ; Het pho nang , Het pho , or Het nang , the latter meaning `` skin mushroom '' ) is a species of false earthstar in the family Diplocystaceae .
Copiapoa cinerea is a species of the genus Copiapoa in the family of Cactaceae .
Tubularia is a genus of hydroids that appear to be furry pink tufts or balls at the end of long strings , thus causing them to be sometimes be called `` pink - mouthed '' or `` pink - hearted '' hydroids .
Woolley 's false antechinus ( Pseudantechinus woolleyae ) , also known as Woolley 's pseudantechinus , is a species of small carnivorous marsupial belonging to the family Dasyuridae .
Houstonia caerulea ( azure bluet or Quaker ladies ) is a perennial species in the Rubiaceae family .
Cyphocarpus is a genus of flowering plants in the Campanulaceae .
The Giluwe rat ( Rattus giluwensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Hesperelaea is a plant genus with only one species , probably now extinct .
Albizia berteriana ( Bertero Albizia ) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family .
Chaerophyllum bulbosum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by several common names , including turnip - rooted chervil , tuberous - rooted chervil , bulbous chervil , and parsnip chervil .
Trichotoxon martensi is a species of air - breathing land snail or semislugs , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae .
Xerocomellus zelleri , commonly known as Zeller 's Bolete , is an edible species of mushroom in the family Boletaceae .
Tricholoma ustaloides is a species of mushroom in the large genus Tricholoma .
Cordia dentata , commonly known as White Manjack , is a species of flowering plant in the borage family , Boraginaceae .
Delosperma ( ' delos'=evident , ' sperma'=seed ) is a genus of around 100 species of succulent plants , formerly included in Mesembryanthemum in the family Aizoaceae .
Nigritella is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family ( Orchidaceae ) .
Sitticus fasciger is a species of spider from the Salticidae family indigenous to north and west Asia but now introduced to North America .
Lithophragma bolanderi is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name Bolander 's woodland star .
Tetrapteron graciliflorum is a species of evening primrose known by the common name hill suncup .
Asplenium septentrionale is a species of fern known by the common names northern spleenwort and forked spleenwort .
Pseudocydonia sinensis , the Chinese quince , is a deciduous or semi - evergreen tree in the family Rosaceae , native to eastern Asia in China , and the sole species in the genus Pseudocydonia .
Parasmermus tonkinensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Parasmermus .
Nebria hellwigii is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece .
Allium tianschanicum is a plant species native to Xinjiang , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan .
Bathyraja panthera , the leopard skate , is a species of cartilaginous fish in the family Rajidae .
Platystrophia is an extinct genus of brachiopod that lived from the Ordovician to the Silurian in Asia , Europe , North America , and South America .
Sardinella richardsoni ( Richardson 's sardinella ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Sardinella from the South China Sea in the northwest Pacific .
Brodiaea terrestris ( dwarf brodiaea ) is a species of plant in the genus Brodiaea that is native to California and Oregon .
Acacia obliquinervia , known colloquially as mountain hickory , is a species of Acacia native southern New South Wales and Victoria in eastern Australia .
Onychogomphus forcipatus , the small pincertail or green - eyed hook - tailed dragonfly , is a species of dragonflies belonging to the family Gomphidae .
Sepia bathyalis is a species of cuttlefish native to the southwestern Indian Ocean , specifically northwestern and southwestern Madagascar .
Moraea bellendenii is a species of plant in genus Moraea that was named after John Bellenden , the English botanist .
Asperitas inquinata is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Dyakiidae .
Maratus volans is a species in the jumping spider family , belonging to the peacock spider genus .
Griselda 's lemniscomys or Griselda 's striped grass mouse ( Lemniscomys griselda ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The Huahine gull ( Chroicocephalus utunui ) , also known as the Society Islands gull , is an extinct bird , a species of gull of which subfossil bones were found at the Fa'ahia archeological site on Huahine , in the Society Islands of French Polynesia .
Allium siskiyouense is a North American species of wild onion known by the common name Siskiyou onion .
Clavulina viridula is a species of coral fungus in the family Clavulinaceae .
Guihaia is a genus of two species of palms found in China and Vietnam .
The bird family Sulidae comprises the gannets and boobies .
Myoleja tsaratanana is a species of tephritid , or fruit fly , in the genus Myoleja of the family Tephritidae .
Genlisea aurea is one of the largest carnivorous species in the genus Genlisea ( family Lentibulariaceae ) .
Coccyzidae is a family of birds comprising 18 new world cuckoos , ranging from Canada to Argentina .
Craugastor laticeps ( common name : broad - headed rainfrog , and many variations ) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Sterechinus neumayeri , the Antarctic sea urchin , is a species of sea urchin in the family Echinidae .
Cassiduloida is an order of sea urchins .
Leucisca is a genus of crabs in the family Leucosiidae .
Stenodema laevigata is a species of bugs from a Miridae family , common in the United Kingdom , and throughout the rest of Europe .
Zaireichthys mandevillei is a species of loach catfish found in the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Congo River Basin .
Oeceoclades zanzibarica is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to eastern Tanzania in the Zanzibar Archipelago .
Climacostomum is a genus of unicellular ciliate protists , belonging to the class Heterotrichea .
Callionima acuta is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae , which is known from Peru and Bolivia .
Orthodera novaezealandiae , known as the New Zealand mantis or the New Zealand praying mantis , is a species of praying mantis which is , as both the scientific name and common names suggest , indigenous and endemic to New Zealand .
Acacia ehrenbergiana is a species of drought - resistant bush or small tree found in the Sahara , northern Sahel , East Africa and Arabia .
Amphiprion latezonatus , also known as the wide - band anemonefish , is a species of anemonefish found in subtropical waters off the east coast of Australia ..
Endodonta apiculata is a species of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae , an endemic family of land snails from the Hawaiian islands .
Iconaster longimanus , the icon star or double star , is a species of starfish in the family Goniasteridae .
Ficus scobina is one of several fig species commonly known as sandpaper fig . It is native to northern Australia , from the Kimberleys across to north Queensland .
Bellendena montana , commonly known as Mountain Rocket , is a species of low - growing multi - stemmed shrub in the plant family Proteaceae .
Stenocarpus umbelliferus is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae .
Sagittaria engelmanniana , Engelmann 's arrowhead is an aquatic plant species native to eastern North America .
Procopius aeneolus is a species of the genus Procopius .
Grewingkia canadensis is a species of prehistoric coral , found in North America .
Rhinerrhiza the rasp root orchid , is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Eremophanoides tanganjicae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Eremophanoides .
Pupillaea aperta , common name the mantled keyhole limpet , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets .
Geastrum welwitschii is a species of fungus in the earthstar family .
The Batistiaceae are a family of fungi in the division Ascomycota .
Neovison is a genus of mustelids , including the extinct sea mink and the extant American mink .
It contains only one species , Planovalvata roseivena , which was described by Hampson in 1894 .
The Sergeant - major Abrota ganga is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in the Himalayas .
Aextoxicon punctatum , the sole species of genus Aextoxicon and family Aextoxicaceae , is a tree native to southern Chile and Argentina .
Sisyrinchium californicum is a species of flowering plant in the iris family known by the common names golden blue - eyed grass , yellow - eyed - grass , and golden - eyed - grass .
Umbonia crassicornis is a common and widespread member of the insect family Membracidae , and one of numerous species colloquially referred to as thorn bugs .
Dioryctria yatesi , the mountain pine coneworm , is a species of snout moth in the genus Dioryctria .
Stichodactyla gigantea , commonly known as the giant carpet anemone is a species of sea anemone that lives in the Indo - Pacific area , with a diameter usually no larger than 50 centimetres ( 1.6 ft ) and a maximum of 80 centimetres ( 2.6 ft ) .
Mimepuraecha celebensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimepuraecha .
Calliapagurops charcoti is a species of mud shrimp from Macaronesia .
Ctenosaura acanthura , commonly known as the northeastern spinytail iguana , is a species of iguanid lizard endemic to Mexico .
Torilis is a genus of plants which are known generally as the hedge parsleys .
Microsoreae is a tribe of ferns with clathrate scales , thin exospores , and monomorphic fronds .
Alicia mirabilis ( commonly known as Berried Anemone ) is a sea anemone species in the genus Alicia which changes shape as night falls expanding its column and tentacles to catch its food .
Khaya grandifoliola ( also called African Mahogany , Benin Mahogany , Large - leaved Mahogany , or Senegal Mahogany ) is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family .
Weissius capaciductus is a species of dugesiid triclad that inhabits in Australia .
Petalichthys capensis , the Cape needlefish , is a species of needlefish endemic to coastal South Africa .
Thamnophilus is a genus of antbird in the family Thamnophilidae .
Agallidwipa is a genus of leafhopper from Madagascar
Delphinium recurvatum is a species of larkspur known by the common names Byron larkspur , recurved larkspur , and valley larkspur .
Cryphonectria is a fungal genus in the order Diaporthales .
Sedum radiatum is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family known by the common name Coast Range stonecrop .
Eucalyptus cameronii , the diehard stringybark is a species of eucalyptus of eastern Australia .
Megalorhipida pseudodefectalis is a species of moth in the genus Megalorhipida , known from Argentina , Brazil , Chile , and Paraguay .
Amphimallon burmeisteri is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Austria , Croatia , France , Hungary , Italy , Kosovo , Montenegro , Serbia , Slovenia and Voivodina .
Halichoeres chrysus , commonly called the canary wrasse , golden wrasse or yellow wrasse , is a fish species in the wrasse family native to central Indo - Pacific area .
Boninthemis is a monotypic genus of dragonflies in the family Libellulidae containing the single species Boninthemis insularis .
Diploria clivosa , the knobby brain coral , is a colonial species of stony coral in the family Mussidae .
Beroe cucumis is a species of comb jelly in the family Beroidae .
Allium plummerae is a species of plant native to southern Arizona ( Pima and Cochise Counties ) in the United States and to Sonora in Mexico .
Peltopleuriformes were an extinct order of prehistoric bony fish .
Cyathea acrostichoides is a species of tree fern native to the Maluku Islands and Western New Guinea , where it grows in forest and disturbed sites at an altitude of 650 - -1100 m. The trunk is erect and usually 1 - -3 m tall .
Berycopsis is an extinct genus of beardfish from the Cretaceous period .
Farlowella venezuelensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Guarapiche River basin and the lower Orinoco River basin .
Ixodes kaiseri is an Old World species of ixodid tick that parasitizes badgers , foxes , steppe polecats , raccoon dogs , and common hedgehogs in forest habitats and along heavily overgrown riverbanks and depressions in steppe habitats ; they have also been collected from domestic dogs visiting these habitats .
Cyrtodactylus aravallensis is a species of gecko found in the Delhi Ridge in India .
Aplocheilus parvus , the dwarf panchax , is a species of killifish native to India and Sri Lanka .
Lucidella plicatula is a species of land snail with an operculum , terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Helicinidae .
Joinvillea plicata is a flowering plant species in the genus Joinvillea found in New Caledonia .
It was named by O'Keefe and Wahl in 2003 and the type species is Tatenectes laramiensis .
Isocarpha ( pearlhead ) is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family .
Cyclopterus lumpus , the lumpsucker or lumpfish , is a species of marine fish in the family Cyclopteridae ( lumpsuckers ) .
Atelurinae is a subfamily of primitive insects belonging to the order Thysanura .
Amphimallon ochraceum is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Austria , Italy , Spain and the Britain I.
Apostichopus japonicus is a species of sea cucumber in the family Stichopodidae .
Myrmecomantis atra , common name ant mantis , is a species of praying mantis that relies upon ant mimicry for protection even as an adult .
Riostegotherium was an extinct genus of xenarthra from the late Paleocene of Brazil .
Chromodoris quadricolor is a species of very colourful sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusc .
Dryopteris cycadina ( shaggy shield fern or black wood fern ) is a species of deciduous or semi - evergreen fern in the family Dryopteridaceae , native to northern India , China , Taiwan and Japan .
Omma is a genus of beetles in the family Ommatidae .
Ebomegobius goodi is a species of brackish water goby native to a stream in Cameroon .
Allium spirale is a plant species native to Korea , Primorye , and parts of China .
Euophrys monadnock is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the United States and Canada .
Cirsium eriophorum or woolly thistle is a herbaceous biennial species of the genus Cirsium .
Roupala montana is a species of shrub or tree in the Proteaceae which is native to much of the Neotropics .
Gekko ernstkelleri is a species of gecko found on the northwest peninsula of the island of Panay in the Philippines .
Aborichthys tikaderi is a species of stone loach endemic to Arunachal Pradesh , India where it is only known from streams in the Namdapha Wildlife Sanctuary .
Aspius is a genus of Eurasian cyprinid fish , with two recognized species .
The Bolivian tuco - tuco ( Ctenomys boliviensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae .
Stenocara gracilipes , also known as the Fogstand Beetle , is a species of beetle that is native to the Namib Desert of southern Africa .
Haitia is a small genus of two species in the Loosestrife family of plants named for Haiti , the country where it was first collected .
Aconchulinida is an order of amoeba in the sub - class Filosia .
Daphnephila sueyenae is a species of gall midge first associated with leaf galls on Lauraceae species , particularly Machilus thunbergii in Taiwan .
The North American beaver ( Castor canadensis ) is one of two extant beaver species .
Scirpophaga innotata , also called the rice white stemborer , is a species of moth of the Crambidae family .
Carabus hummeli stolidus is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Russia .
Grammatidae is a small family of fishes in the order Perciformes known commonly as basslets .
Bersama swynnertonii is a species of plant in the Melianthaceae family .
Menegazzia dielsii is a species of lichen from New Zealand .
Erebia cyclopius is a species of butterfly of the Satyrinae subfamily in the Nymphalidae family .
Acacia lanigera , commonly known as woolly wattle or hairy wattle , is a tree species that is endemic Australia .
Ponerinae is a subfamily of ants in the Poneromorph subfamilies group , with about 1,600 species in 47 extant genera , including Dinoponera gigantea - one of the world 's largest species of ant .
Selenemys is an extinct genus of pleurosternid turtle from the Late Jurassic of Central West of Portugal .
Perdicella carinella is a species of tropical , tree - living , air - breathing , land snails , arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae .
Oligoryzomys fornesi , also known as Fornes ' colilargo , is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae .
Jaxtasuchus is an extinct genus of armoured doswelliid archosauriform reptile known from the Middle Triassic ( Ladinian stage ) of the Erfurt Formation , Germany .
Paramphilius is a genus of loach catfishes found in Africa .
Cataulacus simoni , is a species of ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae , which is a widespread species that can be found from China , India , and Sri Lanka .
Mimulus alsinoides is a species of monkeyflower known by the common names wingstem monkeyflower and chickweed monkeyflower .
Entyloma dahliae is a species of smut fungus in the family Entylomataceae .
Eleocharis acicularis is a species of spikesedge known by the common names needle spikerush and least spikerush .
Demodex folliculorum is a species of face mite .
Thrinaxodon is an extinct genus of cynodont , most commonly regarded by its species T. liorhinus which lived in what are now South Africa and Antarctica .
Boophis calcaratus ( sometimes called the bright - eyed frog ) is a species of treefrog found in Madagascar .
Acanthocyclops hypogeus is a species of copepod in the family Cyclopidae .
Incodynerus is an andean neotropical genus of potter wasps currently containing 10 recognized species
Streptomyces arenae is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Illinois in the USA .
Birkenia is a genus of extinct anaspid fish from Middle Silurian strata of Northern Europe , and Middle Silurian to possibly Earliest Devonian strata of Arctic Canada .
Euphthiracaridae is a family of mites in the order Oribatida .
Nanorana annandalii ( common names : Annandale 's paa frog , Annandale 's frog , Boulenger 's hill frog ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
Squawfish or pikeminnows are cyprinid fish of the genus Ptychocheilus consisting of four species native to western North America .
Stenelmis canaliculata is a species of beetle from Elminae subfamily which can be found throughout Western Europe .
Nesodynerus is a genus of potter wasps endemic to the Hawaiian archipielago .
Flabellisphinctes is small , evolute ammonite genus from the upper Middle Jurassic ( Callovian ) that lived between 160 and 154 Ma ago .
Calliotropis is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Calliotropidae .
Eugnathogobius is a genus of gobies native to fresh , brackish and marine waters of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean region .
Sium burchellii , known commonly as dwarf jellico , is a species of flowering plant in the family Apiaceae .
Mimosiphonops is a genus of amphibian in the Siphonopidae family .
Dasyponyssidae is a small family of mites in the order Mesostigmata .
Spirula spirula is a species of deep - water squid - like cephalopod mollusk .
Agnotocastor galushai is an extinct species of beaver .
Xeronema is a genus of flowering plants containing two species :
Floerkea is a monotypic genus of plants in the meadowfoam family containing the sole species Floerkea proserpinacoides , which is known by the common names false mermaid , false mermaidweed , and floerkea .
Prothoe franck , the blue begum , is a butterfly species found in Assam in northeastern India and throughout a large part of southeast Asia .
Daphnia occidentalis is a species of crustacean in the family Daphniidae .
Siederia is a genus of small moths .
Pardofelis is a genus of the cat family Felidae .
Castilleja levisecta ( The Golden Piantbrush ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the figwort family known by the common name golden paintbrush , or golden Indian paintbrush , listed under the Endangered Species Act in 1997 .
Valdosaurus ( `` Weald Lizard '' ) is a genus of bipedal herbivorous iguanodont ornithopod dinosaur found on the Isle of Wight and elsewhere in England .
The Gonyaulacales are an order of dinoflagellates .
Neoglyphidodon oxyodon is a species of damselfish in the family Pomacentridae .
Sabal uresana , commonly known as the Sonoran palmetto , is a species of palm tree that is native to the foothills of the Sierra Madre Occidental in northwestern Mexico ( states of Chihuahua and Sonora ) .
Carabus bessarabicus is a species of ground beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Moldova , Russia and Ukraine .
Gentiana alba ( called plain , pale , white , cream , or yellow gentian ) is a herbaceous species of flowering plant in the Gentian family Gentianaceae , producing yellowish - white colored flowers from thick white taproots .
Pirhosigma is a moderately small neotropical genus of potter wasps .
Downingia ornatissima is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name folded calicoflower .
Lyonia lucida is a species of flowering plant in the heath family known by the common names fetterbush lyonia , hurrahbush , and staggerbush .
Tetraodon schoutedeni is a species of pufferfish native to Africa 's Congo Basin .
Protorothyris is an extinct genus of Early Permian protorothyridid known from Texas and West Virginia of the United States .
Schistura maejotigrina is a species of stone loach , a freshwater fish , from northern Thailand .
Myrsine australis , commonly known as Red Matipo or Mapou is a species of shrub within the family Primulaceae .
Canarium australianum is a species of trees , native to Australia and Papua New Guinea , of the plant family Burseraceae .
Hypsurus caryi , the Rainbow seaperch or Rainbow surfperch is a species of surfperch found along the Pacific coast of North America from Cape Mendocino , California to northern Baja California , Mexico .
Phlomidoschema is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family , first described as a genus in 1941 .
Kunming Nase , Xenocypris yunnanensis , is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Xenocypris .
Lepidorhombus is a genus of turbots native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean .
Adelomelon riosi , common name Rios 's volute , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
The mitochondrial genome of Branchiostoma lanceolatum has been sequenced , and the species serves as a model organism for studying the development of vertebrates .
Sabellaria spinulosa is a species of marine polychaete worm in the family Sabellariidae , commonly known as the Ross worm .
Sclerocactus wetlandicus is a rare species of cactus known by the common name Uinta Basin hookless cactus .
Aphantopus is a butterfly genus of the Satyrinae .
Apsisaurus is an extinct genus of Early Permian varanopid synapsid known from Texas of the United States .
Procranioceras is an extinct genus of Artiodactyla , of the family Palaeomerycidae , endemic to North America from the Miocene epoch , 16.3 - -13.6 Ma , existing for approximately 2.7 million years .
Glarichelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle which was originally considered to be from the middle Oligocene epoch but has more recently come to be considered from the Eocene epoch .
Lasiacis ( smallcane ) is a genus of Neotropical plants in the grass family , found in the Americas from Mexico and Florida south to Argentina .
Prunus mahaleb , the mahaleb cherry or St Lucie cherry , is a species of cherry tree .
Sarcanthopsis is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae , native to various islands of the western Pacific .
Erigeron aequifolius is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Hall 's daisy and Hall 's fleabane .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Petrakiella insignis .
Allium sabulosum is a Eurasian species of wild onion native to European Russia , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Iran , Tajikistan , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan and Xinjiang .
Sicyopus auxilimentus is a species of goby endemic to the Philippines where it is only known to occur in Lagu Lagu Creek on Leyte Island .
Timanophon is an extinct genus of procolophonine procolophonid parareptile from early Triassic deposits of Arkhangelsk , Russia .
Iridomyrmex bigi is a species of ant that is native to several regions of Australia .
Diploschema rotundicolle , citrus stem borer is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .
Esenbeckia runyonii is a species of flowering tree in the citrus family , Rutaceae , that is native to northeastern Mexico , with a small , disjunct population in the Lower Rio Grande Valley of Texas in the United States .
Acanthocinus princeps , known commonly as the ponderosa pine bark borer , is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae .
The avian genus Quiscalus contains six of the ten species of grackle , gregarious passerine birds in the icterid family .
Casuarina obesa , commonly known as Swamp She - oak or Swamp Oak , is a species of Casuarina that is closely related to C. glauca and C. cristata .
Myriophyllum indicum is a species of water milfoil .
Anastrepha fenestrata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Anastrepha .
Ataxocerithium huttoni is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiidae .
Porocephalichthys dasyrhynchus , the Shaggy cusk , is a species of viviparous brotula found in reefs around Rottnest Island , Australia .
Aulodesmus mossambicus is a species of millipedes belonging to the family Gomphodesmidae .
Vancouveria chrysantha is a species of flowering plant in the barberry family known by the common names golden inside - out flower and Siskiyou inside - out flower .
Cainia is a genus of fungi in the family Cainiaceae .
Sclerocactus polyancistrus is a species of cactus known by several common names , including redspined fishhook cactus , Mojave fishhook cactus , pineapple cactus , and hermit cactus .
Boulengerella is a genus of pike - characins from tropical South America , found in the Amazon Basin , Orinoco , and rivers of the Guiana Shield .
Synodontis punu is a species of upside - down catfish native to the Republic of the Congo and Gabon , where it is known from the Nyanga , Kouilou - Niari and Ngounié river basins .
Piperia elongata is a species of orchid known by the common names denseflower rein orchid , chaparral orchid and wood rein - orchid .
Chiromantes eulimene is a species of crab found in the mangrove swamps of south - eastern Africa ( South Africa and Mozambique ) .
Kangaroo rats , small rodents of genus Dipodomys , are native to western North America .
Isichthys henryi is a species of freshwater elephantfish in the family Mormyridae and the only member of its genus .
The Mexican bean beetle , Epilachna varivestis , is a species of lady beetle which is a notorious agricultural pest .
Xylodromus depressus is a brown coloured species of beetle in the rove beetle family , that can be found in Albania , Austria , Belgium , Bulgaria , the Czech Republic , France , Germany , Greece , Hungary , Italy , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Russia , Slovakia , Switzerland , the Netherlands , and Ukraine .
The Puerto Rican sharp - shinned hawk , ( Accipiter striatus venator ) , falcón de sierra or gavilán pecho rufo in Spanish , is an endemic subspecies of the North American sharp - shinned hawk , occurring only in Puerto Rico .
Nebria sajana is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Altai and Western Sayans .
Cochranella is a genus of glass frogs , characterized by lacking humeral spines in males , and having a lobed liver .
Prostanthera phylicifolia , commonly known as Spiked Mint - bush , is a species of plant in the Lamiaceae family .
Paraclinus rubicundus is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Atlantic coast of Brazil where it inhabits algae - covered reefs at depths of from near the surface to 25 metres ( 82 ft ) .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Chlamydosauromyces punctatus .
Ilex aquifolium ( holly , common holly , English holly , European holly , or occasionally Christmas holly ) , is a species of holly native to western and southern Europe , northwest Africa , and southwest Asia .
Vriesea funebris is a species in the genus Vriesea .
Pseudostenidea rufescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudostenidea .
Lenzites warnieri is a species of fungus in the family Polyporaceae found in parts of Europe , Asia , and northern Africa .
Hylarana garoensis ( commonly known as Boulenger 's Garo hill frog ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
Gomphos is an extinct genus of early lagomorph from the early Eocene some 55 million years ago of China and Mongolia .
It was formerly classified as a subspecies of the Himalayan cuckoo ( C. saturatus ) with the name Oriental cuckoo used for the combined species .
Cephalaria alpina , commonly known as the yellow cephalaria , alpine scabiouse or yellow scabiose , is a species of flowering plant in the family Caprifoliaceae native to the Alps in Europe .
Rehmannia is a genus of six species of flowering plants in the order Lamiales , endemic to China .
Haworthia zantneriana is a species of the genus Haworthia in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , endemic to the southern parts of the Western Cape and Eastern Cape Provinces in South Africa .
It contains only one species , Procacitas orientella , which is found in Japan ( Hokkaido , Honshu , Shikoku ) , Russia ( Sakhalin , Irkutsk , Primorye ) and North Korea .
Streptanthus cordatus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name heartleaf twistflower .
Sphaerium beckmani is an extinct species of fossil freshwater pea clams from the Late Cretaceous deposits of North America .
Thalassiosirales is an order of centric diatoms .
Ophiopogon planiscapus is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae .
Lipotriches pulchriventris is a species of bees in the genus Lipotriches , of the family Halictidae .
Khaya senegalensis is a species of tree in the Meliaceae family that is native to Africa .
The superfamily Papilionoidea ( from the genus Papilio , meaning `` butterfly '' ) contains all the butterflies except for the skippers , which are classified in superfamily Hesperioidea , and the moth - like Hedyloidea .
Melanopais gemmaria is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Melanopais .
Mindarus harringtoni is an extinct species of aphid .
Bhesa paniculata is a species of plant in the Centroplacaceae family .
Dipodium brevilabium is an orchid species that is endemic to Western Papua in Indonesia .
Claea niulanjiangensis is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Claea .
Philidris jiugongshanensis is a species of ant in the genus Philidris .
Cyperus fuscus is a species of sedge known by the common name brown galingale , or brown flatsedge .
Mikaniopsis is a genus of African flowering plant in the groundsel tribe within the sunflower family .
Astragalus tyghensis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Tygh Valley milkvetch .
Morrinhosuchus is an extinct genus of notosuchian crocodyliform from the Late Cretaceous Adamantina Formation of Brazil .
Members of the genus Lophius , also sometimes called monkfish , fishing - frogs , frog - fish and sea - devils , are well known off the coasts of Europe .
Gracianella is a genus of fossil brachiopods .
The Cyatheaceae are the scaly tree fern family and include the world 's tallest tree ferns , which reach heights up to 20 m. They are also very ancient plants , appearing in the fossil record in the late Jurassic , though the modern genera likely appeared in the Cenozoic .
Anisopodus nigripes is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Bates in 1885 .
It contains only one known species , Dracomonticola virginea , native to Lesotho and South Africa .
Sorbaria is a genus of around 9 species of flowering plants belong to family Rosaceae .
Kartidris is an Indomalayan genus of terrestrial ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Ptychatractus ligatus , common name the ligate false spindle , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ptychatractidae .
Aichryson is a genus of about 15 species of succulent , subtropical plants , mostly native to the Canary Islands , with a few in the Azores , Madeira and Morocco , and one in Portugal .
Aclididae is a family of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks , in the superfamily Eulimoidea .
Caladenia pectinata , commonly known as the King spider orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south -- west of Western Australia .
Thoosuchus is an extinct genus of basal trematosauroid trematosaurian temnospondyl .
Quercus franchetii , commonly known as the zhui lian li evergreen oak , is a species of oak in the section Quercus sect .
Agyneta pogonophora is a species of sheet weaver found in Angola and Seychelles .
Alchemilla stricta is a species of lady 's mantle that is endemic to Turkey .
Cyriocosmus elegans is a spider species in the genus Cyriocosmus and the family Theraphosidae ( tarantulas ) found in Venezuela , Trinidad and Tobago .
Broughtonia is a genus of orchids ( family Orchidaceae ) native to the Bahamas and the Greater Antilles .
Lepidoblepharis buchwaldii is a species of gecko endemic to Ecuador .
Oxymeris strigata , common name : the Zebra Auger , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
Acinacodus is an extinct genus of amphidontid `` eutriconodont '' which existed in Shestakovo 1 locality in Western Siberia , Russia during the early Cretaceous period .
Aegialitis is a genus of two shrubby mangrove species , with one native to Southeast Asia and the other native to Australia and Papua New Guinea .
Schmidtea lugubris is a species of freshwater flatworm , a dugesiid triclad that inhabits the freshwater of Europe .
Sicyases is a genus of clingfishes native to the coasts of the southeastern Pacific Ocean .
Celsinotum candango is a species of crustacean .
Myriotrochidae is a family of sea cucumbers .
Branchinecta gigas is a species of fairy shrimp that lives in western Canada and the United States .
Chinlechelys ( /tʃɪnltʃɛliːs/ meaning Chinle turtle ) is an extinct genus of primitive turtle .
Cirsium helenioides , called melancholy thistle , is an Asian and Arctic species of plants in the thistle tribe within the sunflower family .
Lythrum is a genus of 38 species of flowering plants native to the temperate world .
Balsamorhiza sericea is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower tribe of the plant family Asteraceae known by the common name silky balsamroot .
Ilex vomitoria , commonly known as yaupon or yaupon holly , is a species of holly that is native to southeastern North America .
Thiobacillus is a genus of Gram - negative Betaproteobacteria .
Lithostygnus is a genus of beetles in the family Latridiidae , containing the following species :
Aplocheilichthys sp . nov . ' Baringo ' is a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family .
Maxomys is a genus of rodents , widespread in Southeast Asia .
Gilia capitata is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names blue - thimble - flower , bluehead gilia , blue field gilia , and globe gilia .
Solenopsis saevissima , commonly known in Brazil as formiga ruiva ( red ant ) , is one of more than 185 species in the genus Solenopsis .
Carabus nanschanicus is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Qinghai and Sichuan provinces of China .
The Seram imperial pigeon ( Ducula neglecta ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Adelobasileus cromptoni is a species of an extinct genus of mammal - like synapsid from the Late Triassic ( Carnian ) , about 225 million years ago .
Astragalus gambelianus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Gambel 's dwarf milkvetch .
Euphorbia leucocephala , with many common names including little Christmas flower , white lace euphorbia , snow bush , snow flake , snows of Kilimanjaro and white Christmas bush is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family .
Sinularia is a genus of soft coral .
Sarcomelicope is a genus of plant in family Rutaceae .
The Galápagos dove ( Zenaida galapagoensis ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Grevillea kennedyana is a sprawling shrub of the Grevillea species .
Ancherythroculter is a genus of cyprinid fishes that occur in eastern Asia in China and Vietnam .
Tabanus lineola , also known as the striped horse fly , is a species of biting horse - fly .
Palmadusta humphreyii , common name : the Humphrey 's Cowrie , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
The Andean hillstar ( Oreotrochilus estella ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Miniopterus gleni is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae and it belongs to the class Mammalia .
Thoressa is a genus of skipper butterflies .
Motyxia is a genus of cyanide - producing millipedes ( collectively known as Sierra luminous millipedes or motyxias ) that are endemic to the southern Sierra Nevada , Tehachapi , and Santa Monica mountain ranges of California .
Diestrammena bifurcata is a species of cricket in the Rhaphidophoridae family .
Pseudocalotes microlepis , also known as Burmese false bloodsucker or small - scaled forest agamid , is a species of agamid lizard in the genus Pseudocalotes found in southern China ( Hainan , Guizhou ) , Thailand , Laos , Myanmar and Vietnam .
Tityus fasciolatus is a species of scorpion from the family Buthidae .
Bulbophyllum beccarii is by far the largest species in the genus Bulbophyllum and one of the largest in the orchid family .
Garcinia intermedia is a species of tropical American tree which produces tasty fruit .
Magninia tonkinea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Magninia .
Xianglong ( meaning `` flying dragon '' in Chinese ) is a genus of Cretaceous lizard discovered in the Zhuanchengzi , near Yizhou , Yixian , Liaoning Province of China .
Owenodon is a genus of iguanodontian dinosaur known from a partial lower jaw discovered in Early Cretaceous - age rocks of Durlston Bay , Dorset , United Kingdom .
Raphidiophryidae is a family of mostly freshwater centrohelids .
Plagioeciidae is a family of bryozoans , containing many genera once assigned to Diastoporidae .
Cranopsis cucullata , common name the hooded keyhole limpet , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets and slit limpets .
Phelsuma sundbergi ladiguensis is a diurnal subspecies of Phelsuma sundbergi .
Pedicularis sceptrum - carolinum is a plant species in the genus Pedicularis .
Hybolasiopsis abnormalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Hybolasiopsis .
Doumea angolensis is a species of loach catfish endemic to Angola where it is found in the Benguela interior and the Quanza River system .
Neoclytus acuminatus , the red - headed ash borer , is a common North American species in the longhorn beetle family ( Cerambycidae ) .
Petrobrasaurus is a genus of herbivorous sauropod dinosaur .
Salmo chilo is a salmonid fish , a relative of trout first described as a distinct species in 2012 from the Akdere Stream , a tributary of the Ceyhan River in Turkey .
Burkholderia phymatum is a species of proteobacteria that is capable of symbiotic nitrogen fixation with the legume Machaerium lunatum and Mimosa pudica .
Hypleurochilus bananensis is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern central Atlantic ocean .
Terebrirostra is an extinct genus of brachiopod from the Cretaceous of Europe .
Conus exiguus , common name Cabrit 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
The Entoliidae , also referred to as the entoliids , are a taxonomic family of saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks in the order Pectinoida .
Torreyochloa pallida is a species of grass known by the common names pale false mannagrass and weak manna grass .
Deferribacter desulfuricans is a species of sulfur- , nitrate- and arsenate - reducing thermophile first isolated from a deep - sea hydrothermal vent .
The large flowering plant genus Grewia /ˈɡruːiə/ is today placed by most authors in the mallow family Malvaceae , in the expanded sense as proposed by in the APG .
Tilletia is a genus of smut fungi in the Tilletiaceae family .
Fissidentales is a formerly recognized order of mosses .
Hesperostipa is a genus of grasses in the family Poaceae .
Galium glabrescens is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name Castle Lake bedstraw .
Palaeontinoidea is an extinct superfamily of cicadomorph hemipteran insects .
Elsinoaceae is a family of sac fungi , widely distributed in the tropics .
Streptomyces griseoluteus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Tokyo in Japan .
Silonia childreni is a species of schilbid catfish endemic to India where it occurs in the Krishna , Godavari and Cauvery River systems of the Western Ghats .
Drosera rosulata is a perennial tuberous species in the genus Drosera that is endemic to southwest Western Australia .
Koeleria pyramidata is a Eurasian plant species in the grass family .
Archachatina marginata , common name the Giant West African Snail or Banana rasp snail , is a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae .
Calicalicus is a genus of bird in the Vangidae family .
Farlowella hasemani is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in Pará .
Portenko 's shrew ( Sorex portenkoi ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae that is endemic to Russia .
Drosera sulphurea , the sulphur - flowered sundew , is a scrambling perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera .
Melanophylla is a genus of flowering plants endemic to Madagascar .
Phyciodes phaon ( the Phaon crescent or mat plant crescent ) is a species of butterfly endemic to northern Florida .
Microhyla maculifera ( common name : Sabah rice frog ) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family .
Indrella ampulla is a species of tropical terrestrial air - breathing gastropod mollusk in the family Ariophantidae .
Varieties Erigeron philadelphicus var . glaber J.K.Henry - British Columbia Erigeron philadelphicus Linnaeus var . philadelphicus - most of species range Erigeron philadelphicus var . provancheri ( Victorin & J. Rousseau ) B. Boivin - Ontario , Québec ;
Coptosoma scutellatum is a species of true bugs belonging to the family Plataspidae , subfamily Plataspinae .
Sepiola pfefferi is a species of bobtail squid native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean .
The Angolan talapoin ( Miopithecus talapoin ) , also known as the southern talapoin , is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae .
Atractaspis duerdeni , commonly known as the beaked burrowing asp or Duerden 's burrowing asp , is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family .
Allothereua maculata is a species of centipede found in Australia known as the house centipede -- a name applied elsewhere to other species .
Argiope trifasciata ( banded garden spider ) is a species of spider found around the world .
Mucurilebias leitaoi is a species of rivuline fish endemic to Brazil where it occurs , or formerly occurred , in the basin of the Mucuri River .
Callinectes is a genus of crabs , containing 16 species , including the Atlantic blue crab , C. sapidus :
Quercus peduncularis is a Mesoamerican species of plant in the beech family .
The Aquifoliales are an order of flowering plants , including the Aquifoliaceae ( or holly ) family , and also the Helwingiaceae ( 2 - 5 species of temperate Asian shrubs ) and the Phyllonomaceae ( 4 species of Central American trees and shrubs ) .
Layia fremontii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Frémont 's tidytips .
Sagamichthys is a genus of tubeshoulders .
Dioon mejiae is a species of cycad that is native to Honduras and Nicaragua .
Haplochromis velifer is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Nabugabo , Uganda .
Toxopneustes is a genus of sea urchins from the tropical Indo - Pacific .
Aussiedraco is a genus of basal ornithocheiroid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the early Cretaceous of Australia .
Sindoscopus australis is a species of sand stargazer native to the Pacific coast of Chile where it can be found in shallow waters with a sandy substrate .
Megachirella is an extinct genus of lepidosauromorph reptile from the Middle Triassic and contains one species , Megachirella wachtleri , from the Dolomites of northern Italy .
Parachartergus fraternus is a neotropical , swarm founding , polistine wasp species that is distributed throughout Central and South America .
Tibouchina heteromalla , known by the common name silverleafed princess flower in English is a species of evergreen flowering plant in the genus Tibouchina of the family Melastomataceae .
Alasmidonta viridis , common name the Slippershell mussel , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Goodfellow 's tuco - tuco ( Ctenomys goodfellowi ) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae .
Pseudosedum is a genus in the family Crassulaceae .
Frostius pernambucensis , or the Frost 's toad , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Malarguesaurus is a genus of titanosauriform sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Mendoza Province , Argentina .
Thaumatococcus daniellii is a plant species from Africa , known for being the natural source of thaumatin , an intensely sweet protein which is of interest in the development of sweeteners .
Ranunculus eschscholtzii is a species of buttercup known by the common name Eschscholtz 's buttercup .
Kirk 's dik - dik ( Madoqua kirkii ) is a small antelope native to Eastern Africa and one of four species of dik - dik antelope .
Sagina nodosa ( Knotted Pearlwort ) is a species in the genus Sagina , native to northern Europe .
Macrotrema caligans is a species of swamp eel native to Malaysia and Thailand .
Sicyopterus stimpsoni , commonly known as the Nopoli rockclimbing goby , oopu nopili , or Stimpson 's goby , is a species of amphidromous goby endemic to Hawaii .
Calycadenia spicata is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name spiked western rosinweed .
First described as Banksia nivea , it was transferred to Dryandra as Dryandra nivea by Robert Brown in 1810 , and remained in that genus until 2007 , when all Dryandra species were transferred to Banksia by Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele .
Mopalia spectabilis , commonly known as the Red - flecked Mopalia , is a species of chiton .
Hyloscirtus albopunctulatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia , Ecuador and Peru .
Carex vulpinoidea is a species of sedge known by the common name fox sedge or American fox - sedge .
Pleuropogon refractus is a species of grass known by the common name nodding semaphoregrass .
Kenichthys is a genus of sarcopterygian fish from the Devonian period , and a member of the clade tetrapodomorpha .
Delias ganymedes is a species of pierine butterfly endemic to the Philippines .
Hypleurochilus geminatus , the Crested blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Atlantic ocean .
Elophila feili is a species of moth in the Crambidae family which can be found in Spain and Portugal .
Anomoeodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Late Cretaceous .
Sinutropis is a genus of fossil sea snails , extinct euomphalid archaeogastropods from the Upper Silurian .
Amentotaxus yunnanensis ( Yunnan Catkin Yew ) is a species of conifer in the yew family , Taxaceae .
Triplophysa daqiaoensis is a species of stone loach in the genus Triplophysa .
Friedrich von Huene reassessed it in 1932 as belonging to a new genus , that he named Plateosauravus .
Clavelina coerulea is a species of tunicates belonging to the family Clavelinidae .
Rossia bullisi , also known as the Gulf bobtail squid , is a species of bobtail squid native to the tropical western Atlantic Ocean , specifically the northern Gulf of Mexico and Straits of Florida .
Drosophila melanogaster is a species of fly ( the taxonomic order Diptera ) in the family Drosophilidae .
Miltonia clowesii , the Clowes ' Miltonia , is a species of orchid endemic to southeastern Brazil .
Pelophryne ( Flathead Toads ) is a genus of true toads endemic to Philippines , Borneo , Malaya , Singapore and Hainan Island , China .
Perimecoceras is similar in general form to the oncoceratid genus Oonoceras from which it may have been derived , but differs in having a longer body chamber in proportion and in having concave segments to its siphuncle .
Mirabilis macfarlanei is a rare species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common name MacFarlane 's four o'clock .
It contains only one species Stanempista schawerdae , which is found in Spain .
Puntius cauveriensis , the Cauvery barb , is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Cauvery River in Karnataka , India .
Nicotiana × sanderae is a hybrid of the tobacco species Nicotiana alata and Nicotiana forgetiana .
Penicillium lapatayae is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from Tierra del Fuego in Chile .
Dawndraco is a genus of pteranodontid pterosaur from the Late Cretaceous of North America .
Aleurodicus dispersus , the spiralling whitefly , is a species of small , white sap - sucking insect , a true bug in the order Hemiptera .
Apteribis is an extinct genus of flightless birds in the ibis subfamily that was endemic to the Hawaiian Islands in the Pacific Ocean .
Tarigidia is a genus of South African and Puerto Rican plants in the grass family .
Densovirinae is a subfamily of single - stranded DNA viruses in the family Parvoviridae .
Amathia vidovici is a species of colonial bryozoan with a tree - like structure .
Magnistipula conrauana is a species of plant in the Chrysobalanaceae family .
The Maikhanellidae are a family of Early Cambrian monoplacophora with a limpet - like morphology .
The Griffis angelfish , Apolemichthys griffisi , is a species of marine angelfish from the Pacific Ocean .
Plectrypops is a genus of soldierfish containing two extant species , with one species in the Indo - Pacific , and another in the western Atlantic and the Caribbean .
Mutinus elegans , commonly known as the elegant stinkhorn , the dog stinkhorn , the headless stinkhorn , or the devil 's dipstick , is a species of fungus in the Phallaceae family .
Calathea ornata ( also called variously Striped , Pin - stripe , or Pin - stripe calathea ) is a species of perennial plant in the family known as the prayer plants .
Germainia is a genus of Chinese , Asian and Australian plants in the grass family .
Zamites is a genus of fossil tree known from the Mesozoic of North America , Europe and India through the Oligocene of North America .
Caladenia barbarossa , commonly known as the common dragon orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south -- west of Western Australia .
Rhaebo hypomelas ( common name : Choco toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Eurolimnornis is the name given to a monotypic genus of pterosaurs from the Early Cretaceous .
Navarretia heterandra is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Tehama pincushionplant , or Tehama navarretia .
Lasthenia minor is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name coastal goldfields .
Acanthosybra lineolata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Acanthosybra .
Tuditanomorpha is a suborder of microsaur lepospondyls .
Phaius australis , also known as the lesser swamp orchid and southern swamp orchid , is a species of orchid found in Australia .
Quercus microphylla is a Mexican species of oak in the beech family .
Leucogenes is a genus of plants in the sunflower family , native to New Zealand .
Anathallis is a genus of orchids , comprising about 97 species native to Mexico , Central America , South America and the West Indies .
Dendropsophus ebraccatus , commonly known as the hourglass treefrog or pantless treefrog , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Parinari costata is a species of plant in the Chrysobalanaceae family that can be found in Indonesia , Malaysia , the Philippines , and Singapore .
A monotypic genus , it contains the single species Ascocephalophora petasiformis .
Trichodina is a genus of ciliate protists that is ectocommensal or parasitic on aquatic animals , particularly fish .
Mesoleuctra is a genus of stoneflies that lived in the Jurassic period .
Pancratium canariense or the Canary Sea Daffodil is a species of bulbous plant endemic to the Canary Islands .
Montano virus ( MTNV ) is a single - stranded , enveloped , negative sense RNA hantavirus species of the Bunyaviridae family .
Oxalis latifolia is a species of flowering plant in the woodsorrel family known by the common names garden pink - sorrel and broadleaf woodsorrel .
The Ammonitida is an order of more highly evolved ammonoid cephalopods from the Jurassic and Cretaceous time periods , commonly with intricate ammonitic sutures .
It contains the single genus Apotomus with the following species :
Nothaphoebe pahangensis is a species of plant in the family Lauraceae .
Myriacantherpestes is an extinct genus of spiny millipedes from the Pennsylvanian subperiod of the Carboniferous period , known from fossils in Europe and North America .
Craugastor chrysozetetes is an extinct species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Fritillaria orientalis is a Eurasian species of monocotyledon plant of the lily family .
Gephyroglanis gymnorhynchus is a species of claroteid catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Aruwimi River .
Shorea bentongensis ( also called White Meranti ) is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae .
Diandrya composita is a species of cestode parasite that is known from marmots ( Marmota spp . )
Marleyella is a genus of righteye flounders native to the western Indian Ocean where found at depths ranging from the shallows to more than 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) .
Hamites ( `` hook - like '' ) is a genus of heteromorph ammonite that evolved late in the Aptian stage of the Early Cretaceous and lasted into the Cenomanian stage of the Late Cretaceous .
Gerrhosaurus is a genus of lizards native to southern and eastern Africa .
Lyelliceratidae is a family of ammonites belonging to the family Gaudryceratidae .
Carelia turricula are an extinct species of small , air - breathing , land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea .
Agapanthia suturalis is a species of beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily , that can be found in Sicily , Spain , the Near East , North Africa and Turkey .
Apostasia wallichii is a species of orchid that was described in 1830 in a book by Nathaniel Wallich , using a description excerpted from a manuscript by Robert Brown .
Cuerna is a genus of insect in the leafhopper family described in 1924 and accepted in 1925 .
Oenocarpus is a genus of pinnate - leaved palms ( Arecaceae ) native to Trinidad , southern Central and tropical South America .
Xiphopenaeus is a genus of crustaceans in the suborder Dendrobranchiata , the shrimps and prawns .
Garra barreimiae , the Oman garra , is a cave - adapted species of ray - finned fish in the family Cyprinidae .
The Pribilof Island shrew ( Sorex pribilofensis ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Psilocybe yungensis is a species of psychedelic mushroom in the Strophariaceae family .
Cirripectes stigmaticus , the red - streaked blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny from the Indo - Pacific .
Cryptantha muricata is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name pointed cryptantha .
Arborotites stuckenbergi is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Arborotites of the family Ulidiidae .
Banksieaephyllum is a plant genus that encompasses organically preserved fossil leaves that can be attributed to the Proteaceae tribe Banksieae , but can not be attributed to a genus .
The Pristigasteridae are a family of fish related to the herrings , including the genera Ilisha , Pellona , and Pristigaster .
Odontomachus cornutus is a species of ant in the Ponerinae subfamily .
Avena sterilis ( Animated oat , Sterile oat , Wild oat , Wild red oat , Winter wild oat ; syn . Avena ludoviciana Durieu ; Avena sterilis ssp . ludoviciana ( Durieu ) Gillet & Magne in Federal Noxious Weed Disseminules of the U.S. ) is a species of grass weed , and its seeds are edible .
Misumena nigromaculata is a species of flower crab spider endemic to Madeira .
Liopleurodon ( /ˌlaɪoʊˈplʊərədɒn/ ; meaning ' smooth - sided teeth ' ) is a genus of large , carnivorous marine reptile belonging to the Pliosauroidea , a clade of short - necked plesiosaurs .
Camissonia benitensis is a species of evening primrose known by the common name San Benito evening primrose .
Hesioninae are a subfamily of phyllodocid `` bristle worms '' ( class Polychaeta ) .
Korthalsia is a clustering genus of flowering plant in the palm family spread throughout Southeast Asia .
Conus ermineus , common name the turtle cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Rhodactina himalayensis is a species of secotioid fungus in the family Boletaceae , and the type species of genus Rhodactina .
Seabriella fasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Seabriella .
Bitis arietans somalica ( Somali : Abeeso ) also known as the Somali puff adder , is a venomous viper subspecies found only in Somalia , eastern Ethiopia and northern Kenya .
Brickellia laciniata ( splitleaf brickellbush ) is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Dicolectes spinicollis is a species of leaf beetle native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo , observed by Burgeon in 1941 .
The designated holotype for the genus and type species , Mapusaurus roseae , is an isolated right nasal ( MCF - PVPH-108.1 , Museo Carmen Funes , Paleontología de Vertebrados , Plaza Huincul , Neuquén ) .
The Cuban blackbird ( Dives atroviolaceus ) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae .
Noltea is a monotypic genus of flowering plants .
Biomphalaria alexandrina is a species of air - breathing freshwater snail , an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails and their allies .
Mammacyon is an extinct genus of medium - sized amphicyonid caniformian carnivoran mammals endemic to North America during the Oligocene to Miocene living from 30.8 - -20.6 Ma and existed for approximately 10.2 million years .
Clinus is a genus of clinids found in the southeastern Atlantic and western Indian ocean .
Leptodactylus viridis ( common name : Jim 's white - lipped frog ) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family .
Dyspanopeus texanus ( formerly Panopeus texanus or Neopanope texana ) is a species of crab known as the Texas mud crab .
Potamobatrachus trispinosus is a species of toadfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Araguaia and Tocantins Rivers .
Dianthus japonicus is a species of herbaceous perennial plant in the genus Dianthus .
Hamaxiella brunnescens is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Hamaxiella of the family Tachinidae .
Megacephala pseudofulgida is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1963 , and is endemic to Goias , Brazil .
Opisthiolepis is a genus of a sole described species of large trees , constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae .
Hollandaea sayeriana , sometimes named Sayer 's silky oak , is a species of Australian rainforest small trees , constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae .
Dichocrocis clytusalis , the kurrajong bag moth , is a species of moth of the Crambidae family .
Juncus hemiendytus is a species of rush known by the common name Herman 's dwarf rush .
Mimulus bigelovii is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Bigelow 's monkeyflower .
Clinanthus is a genus of bulbous plants in the family Amaryllidaceae , found in western South America , from Ecuador to north west Argentina .
Dictymia brownii , known as the Strap Fern , is a species of fern found in and near rainforest in eastern Australia .
Hysterophora maculosana , the bluebell conch , is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae .
Puntius viridis is a species of barb native to the Manimala River in Kerala , India .
Coccoloba uvifera is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family , Polygonaceae , that is native to coastal beaches throughout tropical America and the Caribbean ; including southern Florida , the Bahamas , the Greater and Lesser Antilles and Bermuda .
Calochortus minimus is a California species of flowering plants in the lily family known by the common name Sierra mariposa lily .
Anarsia molybdota is a species of moth of the Gelechiidae family .
Cyanea glabra is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name smooth cyanea .
Eriophyes is a genus of acari .
Sorbus anglica , the English whitebeam , is a species of whitebeam tree in the Rosaceae family .
Hemicalypterus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the late Triassic period ( approx . 221.4 to 205.6 Ma ) .
Physaria thamnophila ( syn . Lesquerella thamnophila ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Zapata bladderpod .
Albizia is a genus of about 150 species of mostly fast - growing subtropical and tropical trees and shrubs in the subfamily Mimosoideae of the family Fabaceae .
Raoellidae , previously grouped within Helohyidae , is an extinct family of semiaquatic digitigrade artiodactyls in the clade Whippomorpha .
Sagisma is a fossil genus of aquatic plants .
Pappophorum is a genus of plants in the grass family , native to the Western Hemisphere .
The green fan - throated lizard ( Ptyctolaemus gularis ) is a species of agamid lizard found in Bangladesh , China ( Tibet ) , India ( Northeast- Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Khasi Hills , Mizoram ) and Myanmar ( Kachin , Chin ) , and possibly in Bhutan .
Palaeolepidopterix is an extinct genus of small primitive metallic moths within the extant family Micropterigidae or extinct family Eolepidopterigidae , containing one species , Palaeolepidopterix aurea .
Bambusa bambos , the Indian thorny bamboo , is a species of clumping bamboo native to southern Asia ( India , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Assam , and Indochina ) .
Sphacelotheca reiliana , also known as Sporisorium reilianum , is a species of biotrophic fungus in the family Microbotryaceae .
Bos planifrons ( flat - fronted cattle ) was a bovine species from the Siwaliks of India and Pakistan .
Schlumbergera truncata , the false Christmas cactus , is a species of plant in the Cactaceae family .
Bauhinia forficata , commonly known as Brazilian orchid tree , Pata de Vaca , is a species of flowering tree in the pea family , Fabaceae , that is native to Argentina , Brazil and Peru .
Aphonopelma eutylenum is a species of spider in the family Theraphosidae , found in United States ( California ) .
Paraspastis circographa is a moth of the Depressariidae family and only species in the Paraspastis genus .
Pervagor spilosoma is a species of filefish from reefs in the Hawaiian Islands .
Gnaphosa opaca is a ground spider species found from Europe to Central Asia .
Plesiocystiscus gutta is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod in the family Marginellidae , sometimes instead placed in the eponymous family Cystiscidae .
Chloromyia formosa is a species of ' Soldier Flies ' belonging to the family Stratiomyidae .
Corynebacterium efficiens is a species of glutamic acid - producing ( from dextrin ) species from soil and vegetables .
Limopsis sulcata , common name the sulcate limopsis , is a species of very small clam , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Limopsidae .
Reseda minoica is a species of flowering plants of the genus Reseda found in the eastern Mediterranean region .
Raorchestes theuerkaufi is a species of frog of the genus Raorchestes found in the tea estates of Kadalar near Munnar , Idukki district , in the Western Ghats of Kerala in India .
Lissotes latidens , commonly known as the Wielangta stag beetle or broad - toothed stag beetle , is a species of stag beetle which is only found in an area centred in Wielangta Forest in eastern Tasmania .
Polistes humilis is a species of the Vespidae family that can be found throughout Australia and New Zealand .
Athrodon is a genus of extinct pycnodontid that lived in shallow seas in what is now England and France from the Late Jurassic until the genus ' extinction during the start of the late Cretaceous .
Mahonia repens commonly known as creeping mahonia , creeping Oregon grape , creeping barberry , or prostrate barberry , is a species of Mahonia native to the Rocky Mountains and westward areas of North America , from British Columbia and Alberta in the north through Arizona and New Mexico into northwest Mexico in the south .
Ginkgo dissecta is an extinct ginkgo species in the family Ginkgoaceae described from a series of isolated fossil leaves .
Mysticoncha harrisonae is a species of small sea snail that resembles a sea slug , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Velutinidae .
Fallotaspis is a genus of redlichiid trilobite genus found in Early Cambrian - aged strata of the United States and Morocco .
The Florida box turtle ( Terrapene carolina bauri ) is a subspecies of turtle belonging to the family Emydidae .
Priotrochus kotschyi , common name the Kotschy 's gibbula , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Festuca armoricana , the Breton fescue , is a species of grass endemic to Europe .
Lioptilodes altivolans is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes , known from Peru .
Prosictodon is an extinct genus of pylaecephalid dicynodont from Middle Permian of South Africa .
Borojevia aspina is a species of sponge in the genus Borojevia from Brazil .
Pannoniasaurus is an extinct genus of tethysaurine mosasauroid known from the Late Cretaceous Csehbánya Formation ( Santonian stage ) of Hungary .
Hypanartia , commonly called mapwings , is a genus in the Nymphalidae family found from Mexico to South America .
Raillietina is a genus of tapeworms that includes helminth parasites of vertebrates , mostly of birds .
Halicampus is a genus of pipefishes of the family Syngnathidae , containing 12 described species .
Ficus neriifolia is a species of fig ( Ficus ) .
Sonorella grahamensis is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae .
Paphiopedilum bellatulum , commonly known as the Egg - in - a - nest Orchid , is a species of orchid found from southeastern Yunnan , Guizhou and southern Guangxi of China to Indochina .
Euphlyctis is a genus of frogs in family Dicroglossidae found in southwestern , southern , and southeastern Asia .
Root - knot nematodes are plant - parasitic nematodes from the genus Meloidogyne .
Galerida is a genus of birds in the family Alaudidae .
Anabarilius grahami is a species of cyprinid fish .
Ranunculus hydrocharoides is a species of buttercup known by the common names frogbit buttercup , or frog's - bit buttercup .
Ignavusaurus is a genus of basal sauropodomorph dinosaur that lived during the Early Jurassic in what is now present - day Lesotho .
Ananteris balzani is a scorpion species found in Argentina , Paraguay and Brazil .
Aspasma minima is a species of clingfish found in the Pacific Ocean near the shores of southern Japan .
Philodendron erubescens is a species of flowering plant in the family Araceae , native to Colombia .
Harrisia scutellaris is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Harrisia of the family Tachinidae .
Sisyrinchium elmeri is a species of flowering plant in the iris family known by the common name Elmer 's blue - eyed grass .
Synodontis rufigiensis is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Tanzania where it is found in the Rufiji River basin .
Mahonia annamica is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1908 .
Herichthys deppii , also known as the Nautla cichlid , is a species of cichlid native to the Nautla and Misantla rivers of Mexico .
Atrosalarias is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the western Pacific Ocean and western Indian Ocean .
Conozoa hyalina was a species of insect in family Acrididae .
Conus tulipacommon name the tulip cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Thelaziidae is a family of spirurian nematodes , which form the mid - sized lineage of the superfamily Thelazioidea .
Onohippidium ( onos ' donkey ' + hippidium ' small horse ' ) is an extinct genus of horse that lived in the Americas during the Pleistocene .
Arctomecon californica is a species of poppy known by several common names , including California bearpoppy , Las Vegas bearpoppy , golden bearpoppy , and yellow - flowered desert poppy .
Trochulus striolatus , previously known as Trichia striolata , common name the `` strawberry snail , '' is a species of small , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae .
Cheirodon galusdae is a species of fish in the Characidae family endemic to Chile .
Ougapia spaldingi is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Rhytididae .
Phalacroma is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida , which existed in what is now the Czech Republic .
Dendya clathrata is a species of the genus Dendya .
Oligoryzomys fulvescens , also known as the fulvous colilargo , fulvous pygmy rice rat , or northern pygmy rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae .
Mitra nubila , common name the particolored mitre , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae , the miters or miter snails .
Dusa is an extinct genus of prawn , in the order Decapoda , containing five species .
Raorchestes akroparallagi ( sometimes known as the variable bush frog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Sectoria is a small genus of stone loaches native to eastern Asia .
The genus Zingiber is native to Southeast Asia , China , the Indian Subcontinent , and New Guinea .
The Arctic redpoll ( Acanthis hornemanni ) , known in North America as the hoary redpoll , is a bird species in the finch family Fringillidae .
Orcuttia pilosa is a rare species of grass known by the common name hairy Orcutt grass .
Gudusia is a clupeid fish genus involving two species of shad in the rivers of South and Southeast Asia :
Rhipaeosaurus is an extinct genus of nycteroleterid parareptile known from the mid Middle Permian of European Russia .
Martialia hyadesii is a species of squid commonly known as the sevenstar flying squid .
Lepidium oxycarpum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names forked pepperweed and sharp - fruited pepperweed .
Tropidonophis doriae , commonly known as the barred keelback , is a species of snake belonging to the family Colubridae .
Squamanita paradoxa , commonly known as powdercap strangler , is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family .
Atheris mabuensis , or the Mount Mabu forest viper , is a species of venomous snake in the Viperidae family .
Cnemidophorus arubensis is a species of whiptail lizard in the genus Cnemidophorus .
Metapone greeni is a species of ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae , which can be found from Sri Lanka .
Lottia gigantea , common name the owl limpet , giant owl limpet or solitary giant owl limpet , is a species of sea snail , a true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae .
Chelmonops truncatus , the truncate coralfish or eastern talma , is a species of butterflyfish in the genus Chelmonops endemic to Australia .
Sporobolus virginicus , known by numerous common names including seashore dropseed , marine couch , sand couch , salt couch grass , saltwater couch , coastal rat - tail grass , and nioaka , is a species of grass with a wide distribution .
Eleginops maclovinus , the Patagonian blenny , Falkland 's mullet or rock cod , is a species of notothenioid fish found in coastal and estuarine habitats around southernmost South America , ranging as far north as Valparaíso on the Pacific side , and Uruguay on the Atlantic side .
Pyramidella adamsi , common name the Adams ' pyram , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Himalayan toad , Duttaphrynus himalayanus , is a species of toad that is widely distributed throughout the Himalayan mountains .
Erigeron austiniae is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name sagebrush fleabane .
Acropora aspera is a species of staghorn coral in the family Acroporidae .
The Trigonoceratidae is a family of coiled nautiloid cephalopods that lived during the period from the Early Carboniferous ( Mississippian ) to the Early Permian .
At present it contains the single species Quatsinoporites cranhamii .
Luciellidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
In Mississippi , stands of Sarracenia alata rival in size those of any other Sarracenia species .
Oregonia gracilis , commonly known as the graceful decorator crab , is a species of crab belonging to the family Oregoniidae .
Eleutherodactylus pallidus ( Spanish : Rana - chirriadora Pálida ) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family .
Tonestus lyallii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Lyall 's goldenweed , Lyall 's serpentweed and Lyall 's tonestus .
Hoehnea is a genus of plants in the family Lamiaceae , first described with this name in 1939 .
Omobranchus ferox , the gossamer blenny or the fang - toothed blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found brackish waters in Africa and Asia .
Laccospadix is a monotypic genus of flowering plant in the palm endemic to Queensland .
Eodiscina is a suborder of trilobites , a well known group of marine arthropods .
Penstemon tenuiflorus , commonly known as eastern whiteflower beardtongue , is a species of flowering plant in the veronica family .
Euhomalocera is a genus of moth in the family Schreckensteiniidae .
The Redwing genus Pterolobium ( from Gr . Pteron , wing and lobos , pod or capsule , alluding to the winged fruit ) consists of some 11 species of perennial flowering plants in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Junodia vansomereni is a species of praying mantis found Uganda .
Astragalus leucolobus is a species of milkvetch known by the common names Bear Valley milkvetch and Bear Valley woollypod .
gram positive , rod / cocci , oxidase negative , catalase positive A 2015 study showed that Rhodococcus rhodochrous could inhibit the growth of Pseudogymnoascus destructans , the fungal species responsible for White Nose Syndrome in bats .
Pinus taiwanensis , the Taiwan red pine , is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family .
Hygrophorus hypothejus , commonly known as herald of the winter , is an edible species of fungus in the genus Hygrophorus native to Europe and North America .
Erythronium purpurascens is a species of flowering plant in the lily family which is known by the common names purple fawn lily and Sierra Nevada fawn lily .
Endoclita signifer is a species of moth of the Hepialidae family .
Wrightia tinctoria , Pala indigo plant or dyers 's oleander , is a flowering plant species in the genus Wrightia found in India .
Cochlostoma salomoni is an extinct species of land snail with an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlostomatidae .
Lentibulariaceae , the bladderwort family , is a family of carnivorous plants containing three genera :
Afipia felis is the type species of the Afipia bacterial genus .
Oceanobacillus iheyensis is a bacterium , the type species of its genus .
Mimulus mohavensis is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Mojave monkeyflower .
Physignathus is a genus of large , diurnal , arboreal , agamid lizards , commonly known as water dragons .
The Juan Fernández petrel ( Pterodroma externa ) is a species of seabird in the Procellariidae family .
Jasminanthes is a plant genus in the family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1850 .
Alisma orientale is a flowering plant species in the genus Alisma found in Asia .
Chromodoris africana , or four - coloured nudibranch , is a species of colourful sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae .
Cnemaspis pava is a species of diurnal gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka .
Heterosteidae is an extinct family of moderately large to giant , flattened , benthic arthrodire placoderms with distinctive , flattened , triangular skulls that are extremely broad posteriorly , but become very narrow anteriorly .
Tornidae is a family of very small and minute sea snails with an operculum , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Littorinimorpha .
Orchis simia , commonly known as the monkey orchid , is a greyish pink to reddish species of the Orchis genus .
Paracercion is a small genus of damselflies in the family Coenagrionidae . They are commonly known as Lilysquatters .
Masdevallia angulifera is a species of orchid endemic to the Western Cordillera and the Central Cordillera of Colombia in northern South America .
Trichiotinus piger , the hairy flower chafer or bee - like flower scarab , is a species of beetle .
Myrmecina wesselensis is a species of ant discovered and described by Shattuck , S. O. in 2009 .
Nothojafnea is a genus of two species of cup fungi .
Stefania ackawaio is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae .
Prunus ursina ( bear 's plum , خوخ الدب ) is a species of prunus native to the woods of Western Asia from Turkey to Syria and Lebanon .
The tribe Neotragini comprises the dwarf antelopes of Africa :
The root mouthed jellyfish , Eupilema inexpectata , is a species of cnidarian , a jellyfish in the small family Rhizostomatidae .
Chonecetus is an extinct genus of primitive baleen whale of the family Aetiocetidae that lived in the Oligocene period .
Trichospira is a genus of flowering plants in the evil tribe within the daisy family .
Cyrtandra subumbellata is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family known by the common name parasol cyrtandra .
Penstemon bicolor is a species of penstemon known by the common name pinto beardtongue .
Coregonus artedi , commonly known as the cisco , is a North American species of freshwater whitefish in the family Salmonidae .
The Conopidae , usually known as the thick - headed flies , are a family of flies within the Brachycera suborder of Diptera .
Hauffiopteryx is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur known from Germany , Luxembourg and Somerset of the United Kingdom .
Scolopendra viridicornis is a species of centipede in the family Scolopendridae that can be found on Indo - Burma border where its venom is used for medicine .
Neritina zebra , commonly known as the zebra nerite , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae , the nerites .
Miltonia spectabilis , the Outstanding Miltonia , is a species of orchid occurring in extreme eastern Brazil and has been erroneously reported to occur in Venezuela .
The northern sea nettle ( Chrysaora melanaster ) , also called a brown jellyfish , is a species of jellyfish native to the northern Pacific Ocean and adjacent parts of the Arctic Ocean .
Amphorateuthis alveatus is a species of bobtail squid native to the Indian Ocean .
Clausena smyrelliana , commonly known as Smyrell 's clausena or Gregs wampi , is a species of evergreen shrub to 6 m tall , in the family Rutaceae , native to eastern Australia .
The Pasteurellaceae comprise a large family of Gram - negative bacteria .
Hakea lorea , commonly known as bootlace oak or cork tree , is a species of shrub or small tree in the family Proteaceae found in central and northern Australia .
Ribes lasianthum is a species of currant known by the common names alpine gooseberry and woolly - flowered gooseberry .
Archeosolenocera straeleni is an extinct species of prawn , the only species in the genus Archeosolenocera .
It was described by Evitt and Tripp in 1977 , and the type species is Celtencrinurus multisegmentatus , which was originally described under the genus Amphion by Portlock in 1843 .
Roimontis tolotomensis is a species of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae .
Pipiza lugubris is a species of hoverfly , from the family Syrphidae , in the order Diptera .
Crangonyctidae is a family of cave - dwelling freshwater amphipod crustaceans .
Protocaris marshi is an extinct Cambrian arthropod that resembles branchiopod notostracan crustaceans of the genus Triops .
Abrothrix sanborni , also known as Sanborn 's grass mouse or Sanborn 's akodont , is a species of rodent in the genus Abrothrix of family Cricetidae .
Mycena cinerella , commonly known as the mealy bonnet , is an inedible species of mushroom in the family Mycenaceae .
Echinometra mathaei , the burrowing urchin , is a species of sea urchin in the family Echinometridae .
Vincent 's bush squirrel ( Paraxerus vincenti ) is a species of rodents in the family Sciuridae , named in honour of Jack Vincent .
Acer ashwilli is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a group of fossil leaves and samaras .
Epocilla aurantiaca is a species of jumping spider found from India to Malaysia .
Smilosicyopus is a genus of gobies native to Asia and Oceania .
Taeniolabis ( `` Ribbon Lips '' ) is a genus of extinct multituberculate mammal from the Paleocene of North America .
Sesleria insularis is a species of perennial grass in the Poaceae family , with culms 30 - -65 cm long .
Emiliania huxleyi , often abbreviated `` EHUX '' , is a species of coccolithophore with a global distribution from the tropics to subarctic waters .
Spiriferida is an order of extinct articulate brachiopod fossils which are known for their long hinge - line , which is often the widest part of the shell .
Borhyaena is an extinct genus of South American metatherian , living between 20 and 15 million years ago .
Paradinandra suecica is a species of fossil plant from the Cretaceous of Sweden .
Phanerostylis is a genus of Mexican plants in the boneset tribe within the sunflower family .
Hyperolius bolifambae ( commonly known as Bolifamba reed frog ' ) is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family .
Limicolaria aurora is a species of tropical air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae .
Marsdenia elliptica ( jungle netvine ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Apocynaceae .
Tomzanonia is a genus of orchids , ( family Orchidaceae ) , consisting of a single species , Tomzanonia filicina endemic to the Massif de la Hotte in Haiti .
Magnoliopsida is a valid botanical name for a class of flowering plants .
Microhyla fusca ( common names : brown rice frog or Dalat pigmy frog ) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family .
Achiroides is a genus of small freshwater soles native to Southeast Asia .
Ballota ( horehound ) is a genus of flowering evergreen perennial plants and subshrubs in the family Lamiaceae .
California roaches seem to be a resilient species that takes advantage of the intermittent waters of central California under conditions too difficult for other fishes .
Perrierbambus is a genus of Madagascan bamboo in the grass family .
Anchorius lineatus is a species of beetle in the family Biphyllidae , the only species in the genus Anchorius .
Zupaysaurus ( /ˌzuːpeɪˈsɔrəs/ ; `` ZOO - pay - SAWR - us '' ) is a genus of early theropod dinosaur living during the Rhaetian stage of the Late Triassic to Hettangian stage of the Early Jurassic of what is now Argentina .
Leptospira ( Greek leptos , `` fine , thin '' and Latin spira , `` coil '' ) is a genus of spirochaete bacteria , including a small number of pathogenic and saprophytic species .
Inula britannica , the British yellowhead or meadow fleabane , is a Eurasian species of plants in the genus Inula within the daisy family .
Gastrocopta is a genus of minute air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Vertiginidae , the vertigo snails .
Rafflesia bengkuluensis is a relatively new parasitic plant species of the genus Rafflesia .
Cautethia simitia is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae .
Pellia is a small but widespread genus of liverworts in the cool and temperate regions of the northern hemisphere .
Curetis siva , the Shiva 's sunbeam , is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia .
Armeria maritima , commonly known as thrift , sea thrift or sea pink , is a species of flowering plant .
Phragmoteuthis is a genus of coleoid cephalopod known from the late Triassic to the lower Jurassic .
Bombus dahlbomii is a species of bumblebee endemic to southern South American temperate forests .
Myrmexocentroides enganensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Myrmexocentroides .
Sorbus decipiens , the sharp - toothed whitebeam , is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family .
Jumellea is an orchid genus with around 40 species native to Madagascar , the Comoros , the Mascarenes , and eastern Africa .
Calthalotia strigata is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Hydractinia symbiolongicarpus is one of the 30 + Hydractinia species known worldwide .
Formicoxenus nitidulus , or the shining guest ant , is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Depressizona axiosculpta is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Depressizonidae .
Salix commutata , the undergreen willow , is a plant species native to western Canada and the northwestern United States .
Paracanthocinus laosensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paracanthocinus .
Climacteris is a genus of bird in the Climacteridae family .
Allium caespitosum is a plant species native to Xinjiang and Kazakhstan in Central Asia .
Calochortus raichei is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Cedars fairy - lantern , or Cedars mariposa lily .
It contains the single species Halurgia aurorina .
Rhynchalastor is a moderately large afrotropical genus of potter wasps with 25 species currently known .
Pelecinus polyturator is a large ( up to 7 cm ) glossy black wasp , the most common and familiar species in the family Pelecinidae .
Micranthes nivalis is a species of saxifrage .
Paratropis tuxtlensis is a species of spider in the family Paratropididae ( baldlegged spiders ) .
Dicranopalpus is a genus of harvestmen with twelve known recent species .
Copa flavoplumosa is a species of corinnid sac spider from Africa .
Madagasikara johnsoni is a species of tropical freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Pachychilidae .
Chlorissa viridata , the small grass emerald , is a species of moth of the Geometridae family .
Leibnitzia lyrata , common name Seemann 's sunbonnet , is a plant species widespread across much of Mexico and also found in the US states of Arizona and New Mexico .
Cantharellus guyanensis is a tropical South American species of mushroom - forming fungus in the chanterelle genus ( Cantharellus ) , first described by Camille Montagne from French Guiana in 1854 .
Chione is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae containing the single species Chione venosa .
Chironomus riparius , also known as Chironomus thummi and commonly known as the harlequin fly , is a species of non - biting midge .
Procambarus barbiger , known as the Jackson prairie crayfish , is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae .
Juncus nevadensis is a species of rush known by the common name Sierra rush .
Tyzzeria is a genus of parasitic protozoa that with one exception ( Tyzzeria boae ) infect the cells of the small intestine .
Acronacantha nubilipennis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Acronacantha of the family Tachinidae .
Euphorbia dentata is a species of spurge known by the common names toothed spurge and green poinsettia .
Bapara paynei is a species of snout moth in the genus Bapara .
Bischofia javanica ( Bishop wood ) is a plant species of the family Phyllanthaceae .
Ipomoea tuberculata is a flowering plant species in the bindweed family ( Convolvulaceae ) .
Otarocyon ( `` large eared dog '' ) is an extinct genus of the family Borophaginae ( `` bone - crushing dog '' ) .
