Abell 370 is a galaxy cluster located approximately 6 billion light - years away from the Earth ( at redshift z = 0.375 ) , in the constellation Cetus .
Riederwaldstadion is a stadium in Seckbach district of Frankfurt am Main in Germany .
Sarmaran ( Persian : سارمران‎ , also Romanized as Sārmarān , Sarmārān , and Sār Merān ; also known as Chahār Mārān and Chārmārān ) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Luk Yeung Galleria ( Chinese : 綠楊坊 ) , formally known as Luk Yeung Sun Cheun Mall , is one of the largest shopping centres in Tsuen Wan , New Territories , Hong Kong , located in Luk Yeung Sun Chuen , above MTR Tsuen Wan Station .
Aliabad - e Tadayyon ( Persian : علي ابادتدين‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīābād - e Tadayyon ) is a village in Azizabad Rural District , in the Central District of Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,409 , in 311 families .
Dizar ( Persian : ديزار‎ , also Romanized as Dīzār , Dījār , and Dehzār ) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District , Jafarabad District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Strzeganowice ( stʂɛɡanɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Paschwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The New Penny is a gay pub in The Calls area of Leeds , West Yorkshire .
Bhagabanpur ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is part of No . 31 Kanthi ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Strzęboszów ( stʂɛmˈbɔʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Izamal Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` dew of heaven '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 275.92 km2 ) of land and located roughly 67 km east of the city of Mérida .
Ullikkottai is an important village in Mannargudi Taluk , Tiruvarur District , Tamil Nadu , India .
Île - Verte Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Île Verte in Notre - Dame - des - Sept - Douleurs , Quebec , Canada .
Cazê ( Chinese : 查孜 ; Pinyin : Cházī ) is a township in Ngamring County , Tibet Autonomous Region of China .
Agro Emam Khormeyni ( Persian : كشت وصنعت امام خميني‎ -- Kesht va Şanʿat Emām Khomeynī ) is a village and company town in Shoaybiyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , Shadravan District , Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Viljandi County ( Estonian : Viljandi maakond or Viljandimaa , German : Kreis Fellin ) , is one of 15 counties of Estonia .
Monsignor Donovan Catholic High School(MDCHS ) is an independent , Roman Catholic high school located in Athens , Georgia .
Bikini Barbershop ( Also known as Bikini Barbershop : Jersey ) is an American reality show on AXS TV featuring Jeff Wulkan , a man who runs a hair salon / barber shop in Long Branch , New Jersey called `` Bikini Barbers '' .
The Annals of Oncology is a peer - reviewed medical journal of oncology , published by Oxford University Press .
Haya Rashed Al - Khalifa ( born October 18 , 1952 ) ( Arabic : هيا راشد آل خليفة‎ ) is a pioneering female lawyer and diplomat from Bahrain .
