author	Beyond the Pleasure Principle (German: Jenseits des Lustprinzips) is a 1920 essay by Sigmund Freud that marks a major turning point in his theoretical approach.	Beyond the Pleasure Principle	Sigmund Freud
author	Greybeard is a science fiction novel by British author Brian Aldiss, published in 1964.	Greybeard	Brian Aldiss
author	The Age of the Ordinary (Turkish: Aleladelik Çağı) is the first of the ``Lost Generation'' series by the author, satirist and playwright, Hikmet Temel Akarsu (born 1960).	The Age of the Ordinary	Hikmet Temel Akarsu
author	The Shakespeare Stealer is a 1998 historical fiction novel by Gary Blackwood.	The Shakespeare Stealer	Gary Blackwood
author	The Monster Men is a 1913 science fiction novel written by American author Edgar Rice Burroughs under the working title ``Number Thirteen''.	The Monster Men	Edgar Rice Burroughs
award received	30 August 1940 - Awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross Flying Officer Carl Raymond Davis (90131), Auxiliary Air Force:	Carl Raymond Davis	Distinguished Flying Cross
award received	Forrest O. Rednour (1923--1943) was a United States Coast Guardsman who received the Navy and Marine Corps Medal posthumously for his actions during World War II.	Forrest O. Rednour	Navy and Marine Corps Medal
award received	Roberts Ancāns (11 November 1919 -- 1 January 1982) was an Obersturmführer in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.	Roberts Ancāns	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	James Champion VC MSM (1834 -- 4 May 1904) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	James Champion	Victoria Cross
award received	Francis Potter (1594--1678) was an English painter, clergyman, Biblical commentator, and experimentalist, an early Fellow of the Royal Society.	Francis Potter	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	Verda Erman was honored as a State Artist in 1971, the year the honorary title was created.	Verda Erman	State Artist
award received	Paul Ray Smith (September 24, 1969 -- April 4, 2003) was a United States Army Sergeant First Class who posthumously received the Medal of Honor for his actions in Operation Iraqi Freedom.	Paul Ray Smith	Medal of Honor
award received	Lt-Colonel Henry van Straubenzee DSO OBE (7 March 1914 -- 12 April 2002) was a British army officer who was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for leadership whilst commanding 12 Royal Tank Regiment, in Northern Italy, in 1944, during the Second World War.	Henry van Straubenzee	Distinguished Service Order
award received	Stuart Rachels (born September 26, 1969) is an International Master of chess and the son of the philosopher James Rachels (1941--2003).	Stuart Rachels	International Master
award received	Fiona Lowry (born 1974) is an Australian artist who won the 2014 Archibald Prize with a portrait of Penelope Seidler.	Fiona Lowry	Archibald Prize
award received	Helmut Beck-Broichsitter (30 August 1914 -- 25 September 2000) was a Major i.G in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Helmut Beck-Broichsitter	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	``Let Me Try'' was selected to represent Romania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, where it managed to reach the third place and to score an amount of 158 points.	Let Me Try	Eurovision Song Contest
award received	Simon van der Meer (24 November 1925 -- 4 March 2011) was a Dutch particle accelerator physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1984 with Carlo Rubbia for contributions to the CERN project which led to the discovery of the W and Z particles, two of the most fundamental constituents of matter.	Simon van der Meer	Nobel Prize in Physics
award received	Pull My Daisy was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 1996, as being ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant''.	Pull My Daisy	National Film Registry
award received	Bob Clifford has been awarded the Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) in 1995, and an honorary Engineering degree (DEng.)	Bob Clifford	Officer of the Order of Australia
award received	Wilhelm Steinmann (12 January 1912 -- 1 August 1966) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II.	Wilhelm Steinmann	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Harriet Backer won a silver medal at the Exposition Universelle (1889) and received the King's Medal of Merit in Gold (Kongens fortjenstmedalje i gull) in 1908.	Harriet Backer	King's Medal of Merit
award received	Ramachandra Babu's first colour film (Eastman Color) was Dweep(1976), directed by Ramu Kariat and it won him his first Kerala State Film Award for Best Cinematography.	Ramachandra Babu	Kerala State Film Award for Best Cinematography
award received	Rear-Admiral Claude Congreve Dobson VC, DSO (1 January 1885 -- 26 June 1940) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Claude Congreve Dobson	Victoria Cross
award received	Amritlal Vegad was awarded in 2004 with Sahitya Akademi Award for his travelogue --	Amritlal Vegad	Sahitya Akademi Award
award received	Jacques Borel (17 December 1925 in Paris -- 25 September 2002) is a French author best known for his 1965 novel L'Adoration (translated into English as The Bond), which won the Prix Goncourt.	Jacques Borel	Prix Goncourt
award received	Taxi to the Dark Side is a 2007 documentary film directed by American filmmaker Alex Gibney, and produced by him, Eva Orner and Susannah Shipman, which won the 2007 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.	Taxi to the Dark Side	Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature
award received	1 January 1964 - Vice-Admiral Arthur Allison Fitzroy Talbot, CB, DSO, is appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire.	Fitzroy Talbot	Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Okwiri Oduor (born 1988/1989) is a Kenyan writer, who won the 2014 Caine Prize.	Okwiri Oduor	Caine Prize
award received	Anatoly Kvochur (Russian: Анатолий Николаевич Квочур, tr. Anatoly Nikolaevich Kvochur; IPA: (ɐnɐˈtolʲɪj nʲɪkɐˈlajɪvʲɪtɕ kvʲɪˈtɕʉrʲ); born April 16, 1952), is a Russian aerobatics pilot, a test pilot, and a Hero of the Russian Federation.	Anatoly Kvochur	Hero of the Russian Federation
award received	Mirror Dance won both the Hugo Award for Best Novel and the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel in 1995.	Mirror Dance	Hugo Award for Best Novel	Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel
award received	Hubert Brinkforth (15 April 1916 -- 5 June 1942) was a highly decorated Unteroffizier in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was the first enlisted soldier to receive the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Hubert Brinkforth	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Michael Roiz (Russian: Михаил Ройз, born 12 October 1983 in Russia) is an Israeli chess Grandmaster.	Michael Roiz	Grandmaster
award received	Noel Streatfeild was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1983.	Noel Streatfeild	Officer of the Order of the British Empire
award received	In 2002 Bjørn Moe was awarded HM The King's Medal of Merit in gold for his work with the choir.	Bjørn Moe	King's Medal of Merit
award received	In October, 2009 Yuanling Yuan was awarded the title of Woman International Master (WIM), and remains the youngest Canadian in history to gain this title.	Yuanling Yuan	Woman International Master
award received	In recognition of the ``Nordland'''s success Arnold Stoffers was awarded the German Cross in Gold.	Arnold Stoffers	German Cross in Gold
award received	Roderick MacKinnon (born 19 February 1956) is a professor of Molecular Neurobiology and Biophysics at Rockefeller University who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Peter Agre in 2003 for his work on the structure and operation of ion channels.	Roderick MacKinnon	Nobel Prize in Chemistry
award received	Mark Bluvshtein (born 20 April 1988 in Yaroslavl, Soviet Union) is a Soviet-born Canadian chess player, a Grandmaster, who resides in Canada.	Mark Bluvshtein	Grandmaster
award received	Nino Ramishvili (1910-2000) was a Georgian ballet dancer and master, the People's Artist of the USSR and Georgia, and one of the best women performers of Georgian dance.	Nino Ramishvili	People's Artist of the USSR
award received	Esther Levit won the Israel Prize in 1977 for her special contribution to society.	Esther Levit	Israel Prize
award received	Junhyong Kim's honors include the Sloan Foundation Young Investigator Award, Yale Faculty Award, Visiting Fellow at the Newton Institute (Cambridge University) and IHES (France), Ellison Medical Foundation Senior Scholar in Aging, and a Guggenheim Fellowship.	Junhyong Kim	Guggenheim Fellowship
award received	Lala VC (20 April 1876 -- 23 March 1927) was an Indian recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth soldiers.	Lala	Victoria Cross
award received	Francis Ambrière (September 27, 1907, Paris -- July 1, 1998) was a French author who was selected for the Prix Goncourt in 1940, for his book Les Grandes Vacances; the prize was awarded in 1946 because of World War II.	Francis Ambrière	Prix Goncourt
award received	Abraham de Fabert, marquis d'Esternay (11 October 1599 -- 17 May 1662) was a Marshal of France,	Abraham de Fabert	Marshal of France
award received	Frode Elsness (born June 15, 1973) is a Norwegian chess player who holds the title of International Master, as well as the 2008 Norwegian Chess Championship.	Frode Elsness	International Master
award received	Zsuzsa Verőci (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈʒuʒɒ ˈvɛrøːtsi); born February 19, 1949) is a Hungarian chess Woman International Master (1969) and Woman Grandmaster (1978).	Zsuzsa Verőci	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Anatoli Papanov was honored as a People's Artist of the USSR (1973).	Anatoli Papanov	People's Artist of the USSR
award received	In 2003 ZENON Environmental was presented with the Stockholm Industry Water Award.	ZENON Environmental	Stockholm Industry Water Award
award received	Abhijit Kunte (born 3 March 1977 in Pune) is an Indian chess Grandmaster.	Abhijit Kunte	Grandmaster
award received	Aleksandr Pavlovich Aleksandrov (Russian: Александр Павлович Александров; born February 20, 1943) is a former Soviet cosmonaut and twice Hero of the Soviet Union (November 23, 1983 and December 29, 1987).	Aleksandr Pavlovich Aleksandrov	Hero of the Soviet Union
award received	Jaan Ehlvest (born 14 October 1962) is a chess player, who was awarded the title of Grandmaster by FIDE in 1987 and was named Estonian sportsman of the year in 1987 and 1989.	Jaan Ehlvest	Grandmaster
award received	In 1995, Asif Bajwa received a Pride of Performance Award from the Government of Pakistan.	Asif Bajwa	Pride of Performance
award received	Leonard Birchall was also awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) for his part in detecting the attack on Ceylon and for alerting the Allies during that 1942 flight.	Leonard Birchall	Distinguished Flying Cross
award received	Ewald von Lochow (1 April 1855 in Petkus -- 11 April 1942 in Berlin-Charlottenburg) was a Prussian officer and later General of Infantry during World War I. He was a recipient of Pour le Mérite with Oakleaves.	Ewald von Lochow	Pour le Mérite
award received	Erich Jaschke (11 May 1890 -- 18 October 1961) was a General der Infanterie in the Wehrmacht during World War II, and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Erich Jaschke	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Amos Chapman (1839--1925) was a civilian scout who was awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry while in service of the United States Army during the Indian Wars.	Amos Chapman	Medal of Honor
award received	William John Donaldson (born September 24, 1958, in Los Angeles) is an International Master of chess.	William John Donaldson	International Master
award received	Mythago Wood won the World Fantasy Award for Best Novel in 1985.	Mythago Wood	World Fantasy Award for Best Novel
award received	Ioannis Papadopoulos (born 1988) is a Greek chess player who holds the title of Grandmaster.	Ioannis Papadopoulos	Grandmaster
cast member	Michael Moore Hates America is a documentary film directed by Mike Wilson that criticizes the work of film director Michael Moore.	Michael Moore Hates America	Mike Wilson
cast member	I Come in Peace (originally produced and released internationally as Dark Angel) is a 1990 American science fiction action film directed by Craig R. Baxley, and starring Dolph Lundgren, Brian Benben, Betsy Brantley and Matthias Hues.	I Come in Peace	Dolph Lundgren	Brian Benben	Betsy Brantley	Matthias Hues
cast member	Love on Delivery (破壞之王; aka. King of Destruction) is a 1994 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Stephen Chow and Lee Lik-Chi, based on the Japanese manga Hakaiō Noritaka, starring Stephen Chow, Christy Chung and Ng Man Tat.	Love on Delivery	Stephen Chow	Christy Chung
cast member	A Holiday with Piroschka (German:Ferien mit Piroschka) is a 1965 comedy film directed by Franz Josef Gottlieb and starring Marie Versini, Götz George and Dietmar Schönherr.	A Holiday with Piroschka	Marie Versini	Götz George	Dietmar Schönherr
cast member	W.W. and the Dixie Dancekings is a 1975 film directed by John G. Avildsen, starring Burt Reynolds, and written by Thomas Rickman.	W.W. and the Dixie Dancekings	Burt Reynolds
cast member	K. R. Vijaya as Karpagam Gemini Ganesan as Sundaram Muthuraman as Karpagam's brother Savithri as Amutha S. V. Ranga Rao as Nallasivam V. K. Ramaswamy as Kanakupillai M. R. Radha as Thandavam	Karpagam	K. R. Vijaya	S. V. Ranga Rao
cast member	Miss Robin Crusoe is a 1954 Eastmancolor adventure film directed by Eugene Frenke, starring Amanda Blake, George Nader and Rosalind Hayes.	Miss Robin Crusoe	George Nader
cast member	Los tigres del desierto (``The Desert Tigers'') is a 1960 Mexican comedy film starring Viruta and Capulina (Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine), Donna Behar, Lorena Velázquez, and Rodolfo Landa.	Los tigres del desierto	Marco Antonio Campos
cast member	Road 47 (Portuguese: A Estrada 47) is a 2013 drama film written and directed by Vicente Ferraz, based on real events, about Brazil's involvement in World War II. The film stars Daniel de Oliveira, Richard Sammel, Sergio Rubini and Julio Andrade.	Road 47	Daniel de Oliveira	Richard Sammel	Sergio Rubini
cast member	The Babymakers is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Jay Chandrasekhar, and starring Paul Schneider, Olivia Munn and Kevin Heffernan.	The Babymakers	Jay Chandrasekhar	Paul Schneider	Olivia Munn	Kevin Heffernan
cast member	Courting Condi is a 2008 film by British filmmaker Sebastian Doggart that portrays the quest of a love-struck man, actor Devin Ratray, who wants to win the heart of US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.	Courting Condi	Devin Ratray	Condoleezza Rice
cast member	All the Days Before Tomorrow is a 2007 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by François Dompierre and starring Alexandra Holden and Joey Kern.	All the Days Before Tomorrow	Alexandra Holden	Joey Kern
cast member	Ek Se Bure Do is a 2009 Bollywood Black Comedy film directed by Tarique Khan and starring Arshad Warsi, Anita Hassanandani and Rajpal Yadav.	Ek Se Bure Do	Arshad Warsi
cast member	A Moment of Romance II is a 1993 Hong Kong action romance film directed by Benny Chan and starring Aaron Kwok and Jacklyn Wu.	A Moment of Romance II	Aaron Kwok
cast member	The film stars debutant Jithan Ramesh, Pooja, R. Sarathkumar, Livingston and Kalabhavan Mani.	Jithan	R. Sarathkumar	Livingston	Kalabhavan Mani
cast member	Bend It Like Beckham is a 2002 British-American-Indian-German romantic sports and Indian-themed comedy-drama family film starring Parminder Nagra, Keira Knightley, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Anupam Kher, Shaznay Lewis and Archie Panjabi.	Bend It Like Beckham	Parminder Nagra	Keira Knightley	Jonathan Rhys Meyers	Anupam Kher	Shaznay Lewis	Archie Panjabi
cast member	White T is a 2013 rap comedy film directed by Lance Frank and starring Jerod Mixon and Jamal Mixon.	White T	Jerod Mixon
cast member	The Return of Josey Wales is a 1986 film starring and directed by Michael Parks.	The Return of Josey Wales	Michael Parks
cast member	Not Quite Decent is a 1929 American Pre-Code early sound film or part-talkie, produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation, directed by Irving Cummings, and starring June Collyer and Louise Dresser.	Not Quite Decent	Louise Dresser
cast member	City in View (German:Stadt in Sicht) is a 1923 German silent drama film directed by Henrik Galeen and starring Harry Nestor, Edith Posca and Friedrich Traeger.	City in View	Harry Nestor
cast member	Beyond the Rainbow is a 1922 American silent drama film starring Billie Dove and Harry T. Morey.	Beyond the Rainbow	Billie Dove	Harry T. Morey
cast member	The Great Locomotive Chase is a 1956 Walt Disney Productions CinemaScope adventure film based on the real Great Locomotive Chase that occurred in 1862 during the American Civil War.	The Great Locomotive Chase	Walt Disney
cast member	Dead Man's Eyes is a 1944 Inner Sanctum mystery film directed by Reginald Le Borg, and starring Lon Chaney, Jr. and Jean Parker.	Dead Man's Eyes	Lon Chaney, Jr.	Jean Parker
cast member	Anna of Brooklyn (Italian: Anna di Brooklyn) is a 1958 comedy film by Italian directors Vittorio De Sica and Carlo Lastricati.	Anna of Brooklyn	Vittorio De Sica
cast member	Tomorrow Is Forever is a 1946 black-and-white romance film distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, directed by Irving Pichel, starring Claudette Colbert, Orson Welles and George Brent.	Tomorrow Is Forever	Claudette Colbert	Orson Welles	George Brent
cast member	Madeleine Renaud as Nell 'Mistigri' Marignan Noël-Noël as Zamore Jean Debucourt as Dr. Chalabre André Dubosc as Marignan Jules Moy as Cormeau Simone Héliard as Fanny Magdeleine Bérubet as Madame Perache Ritou Lancyle Monique Rolland Janine Borelli Marie-Jacqueline Chantal André Randall André Simon Pedro Elviro Raymond Aimos Gustave Huberdeau	Mistigri	André Dubosc	Magdeleine Bérubet	Monique Rolland	André Simon	Raymond Aimos Gustave Huberdeau
cast member	The Incredible Kung Fu Master (Chinese: 肥龍功夫精), also known as The Kung Fu Master (Chinese: 醒目仔蠱惑招) is a 1979 martial arts action comedy film directed by Joe Cheung and starring Sammo Hung and Stephen Tung, the latter in his first leading role.	The Incredible Kung Fu Master	Sammo Hung
cast member	The Matrimony (Chinese: 心中有鬼; literally: ``Ghost in Heart'') is a 2007 Chinese horror film directed by Hua-Tao Teng (in Chinese:滕华涛,aka 滕华弢) and starring Leon Lai, Fan Bingbing, and Rene Liu.	The Matrimony	Leon Lai
cast member	Esprit d'amour is a 1983 Hong Kong supernatural romance film directed by Ringo Lam and starring Alan Tam, Shu-Chun Ni and Cecilia Yip.	Esprit d'amour	Alan Tam	Cecilia Yip
cast member	Love in a Goldfish Bowl is a 1961 teen film directed by Jack Sher starring singing idols Tommy Sands and Fabian.	Love in a Goldfish Bowl	Tommy Sands	Fabian
cast member	Exiled to Shanghai is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Nick Grinde and Armand Schaefer and starring Wallace Ford, June Travis, and Dean Jagger.	Exiled to Shanghai	Wallace Ford
cast member	The Love Waltz is a 1930 German English language musical film directed by Carl Winston and starring Lilian Harvey, Georg Alexander and John Batten.	The Love Waltz	Lilian Harvey
cast member	The Body in the Trunk is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by John O' Brien starring William Garwood and George Larkin.	The Body in the Trunk	William Garwood	George Larkin
cast member	The film stars Dharmendra, Savitri, Aruna Irani, Kishore Kumar, Rehman and Asit Sen. The music of the film is by Chitragupt, with lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri, featuring songs like ``Ganga Ki Lahren''.	Ganga Ki Lahren	Dharmendra	Aruna Irani	Kishore Kumar
cast member	C.O.G. is an American drama film directed and written by Kyle Patrick Alvarez, and starring Jonathan Groff.	C.O.G.	Jonathan Groff
cast member	The Damned (alternate title These Are the Damned) is a 1963 British science fiction film starring Macdonald Carey, Shirley Anne Field and Oliver Reed.	These Are the Damned	Macdonald Carey	Shirley Anne Field	Oliver Reed
cast member	Sand City is a 2015 Malayalam language Indian romantic thriller film directed by Shankar Panicker starring Prajin, Gautham Krishna, Thanishka, Varuna Shetty, Vinod Kumar (VK), Jaise Jose, Jijesh Menon and himself.	Sand City	Prajin
cast member	Outside These Walls is a 1939 film starring Michael Whalen, Dolores Costello, Virginia Weidler, Selmer Jackson, and Don Beddoe.	Outside These Walls	Michael Whalen	Dolores Costello	Virginia Weidler	Selmer Jackson	Don Beddoe
cast member	Saaphalyam is a 1999 Indian Malayalam film, directed by GS Vijayan, starring Suresh Gopi and Sangita in the lead role.	Saaphalyam	Suresh Gopi
cast member	Ferari Fauj is a 2002 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Prasanta Bal starring Mithun Chakraborty, Deboshree Roy, Indrani Haldar and Soumitra Chatterjee.	Ferari Fauj	Mithun Chakraborty	Indrani Haldar	Soumitra Chatterjee
cast member	Doll Face is a 1945 American film directed by Lewis Seiler starring Vivian Blaine as ``Doll Face'' Carroll.	Doll Face	Vivian Blaine
cast member	Utsab (pronounced: Utshob) (The Festival) (2000) is an Indian Bengali drama film directed by Rituparno Ghosh and stars Madhabi Mukherjee, Mamata Shankar, Rituparna Sengupta, Prasenjit Chatterjee, Pradip Mukherjee, Dipankar Dey and Arpita Pal.	Utsab	Madhabi Mukherjee	Mamata Shankar	Rituparna Sengupta
cast member	The Barefoot Executive is a live-action Walt Disney Productions film released by Buena Vista Distribution in 1971 starring Kurt Russell, Joe Flynn, Wally Cox, Heather North and John Ritter (in his film debut), about a pet chimpanzee, named Raffles, who can predict the popularity of television programs.	The Barefoot Executive	Kurt Russell	Joe Flynn	Wally Cox	Heather North	John Ritter
cast member	The Blue Lamp is a 1950 British police drama, directed by Basil Dearden and starring Jack Warner as veteran PC Dixon, Jimmy Hanley as newcomer PC Mitchell, and a very young Dirk Bogarde as hardened criminal Tom Riley.	The Blue Lamp	Jack Warner	Dirk Bogarde
cast member	The Devil at Your Heels is a 1981 documentary that chronicles the attempt of the stuntman and daredevil Ken Carter to jump a rocket-powered car over the Saint Lawrence River, a distance of one mile, which would break all existing records for jumping cars.	The Devil at Your Heels	Ken Carter
cast member	The Impossible Kid is a Kung Fu movie made in 1982, starring Filipino actor Weng Weng.	The Impossible Kid	Weng Weng
cast member	Badge 373 is a 1973 crime thriller film inspired, as was The French Connection, by the life and career of Eddie Egan, here called ``Eddie Ryan''.	Badge 373	Eddie Egan
cast member	Who Goes There! is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Anthony Kimmins and starring Nigel Patrick, Valerie Hobson and George Cole.	Who Goes There!	Nigel Patrick	Valerie Hobson	George Cole
cast member	A Pit Boy's Romance is a 1917 British silent drama film directed by A.E. Coleby and Arthur Rooke and starring Jimmy Wilde, Tommy Noble and Arthur Rooke.	A Pit Boy's Romance	A.E. Coleby	Arthur Rooke	Jimmy Wilde
cast member	The Gun That Won the West is a 1955 Technicolor Western film starring Dennis Morgan, Paula Raymond, Richard Denning, Chris O'Brien, Michael Morgan, Roy Gordon, Robert Bice, directed by William Castle and produced by Sam Katzman.	The Gun That Won the West	Dennis Morgan	Paula Raymond	Richard Denning	Robert Bice
cast member	4 for Texas is a 1963 American western comedy starring Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Anita Ekberg, Ursula Andress, and featuring screen thugs Charles Bronson and Mike Mazurki, with a cameo appearance by Arthur Godfrey and the Three Stooges (Larry Fine, Moe Howard and Curly Joe DeRita).	4 for Texas	Frank Sinatra	Dean Martin	Anita Ekberg	Ursula Andress	Charles Bronson	Mike Mazurki
cast member	Nancy Steele Is Missing! is a 1937 American drama film directed by George Marshall and Otto Preminger and starring Victor McLaglen, Walter Connolly and Peter Lorre.	Nancy Steele Is Missing!	Victor McLaglen
cast member	The Further Adventures of the Flag Lieutenant is a 1927 British silent action film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Henry Edwards, Isabel Jeans and Lilian Oldland.	The Further Adventures of the Flag Lieutenant	Henry Edwards	Isabel Jeans	Lilian Oldland
cast member	McHale's Navy is an American sitcom starring Ernest Borgnine that aired 138 half-hour episodes over four seasons, from October 11, 1962, to April 12, 1966, on the ABC television network.	McHale's Navy	Ernest Borgnine
cast member	A Girl and a Gun is the 2007 short film starring Ian Hart, Paul Freeman and Anna Walton.	A Girl and a Gun	Ian Hart	Paul Freeman	Anna Walton
cast member	Ullasa Utsaha (Kannada: ಉಲ್ಲಾಸ ಉತ್ಸಾಹ) is a 2009 Kannada language film directed by Devaraja Palan starring Ganesh and Yami Gautam.	Ullasa Utsaha	Ganesh
cast member	The White Buffalo is a 1977 western film starring Charles Bronson, Kim Novak, Jack Warden, Slim Pickens, and Will Sampson.	The White Buffalo	Charles Bronson	Kim Novak	Jack Warden	Slim Pickens	Will Sampson
cast member	You're My Boss is a 2015 Filipino romantic comedy film written and directed by Antoinette Jadaone starring Toni Gonzaga and Coco Martin.	You're My Boss	Toni Gonzaga
cast member	Un étrange voyage is a 1981 French drama film directed by Alain Cavalier, starring Jean Rochefort and writer/filmmaker Camille de Casabianca.	Un étrange voyage	Jean Rochefort	Camille de Casabianca
cast member	Marriage on the Rocks is a 1965 comedy film starring Frank Sinatra, Deborah Kerr, and Dean Martin about a businessman's wife who ends up divorced by mistake and then married to his best friend by an even bigger mistake.	Marriage on the Rocks	Frank Sinatra	Deborah Kerr	Dean Martin
cast member	Love or Bread (Chinese: 我的億萬麵包; pinyin: Wo De Yi Wan Mian Bao; literally: ``My million dollar bread'') is a 2008 Taiwanese drama starring Joe Cheng and Ariel Lin.	Love or Bread	Joe Cheng	Ariel Lin
cast member	The Tattered Dress is a 1957 film noir directed by Jack Arnold and featuring Jeff Chandler, Jeanne Crain, Jack Carson, Elaine Stewart and Gail Russell.	The Tattered Dress	Jeff Chandler	Jeanne Crain
cast member	Orma Mathram (English: Memories Alone) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Madhu Kaithapram and starring Dileep, Priyanka Nair, Master Sidharth, Dhanya Mary Varghese, Nedumudi Venu in the main roles.	Orma Mathram	Dileep	Priyanka Nair	Dhanya Mary Varghese
cast member	Pyaar Ke Do Pal is a 1986 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Rajiv Mehra, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Jayapradha, Simple Kapadia, Krishan Dhawan, Jagdeep, Tiku Talsania, Lalita Pawar and Anjan Srivastav	Pyaar Ke Do Pal	Mithun Chakraborty	Simple Kapadia	Jagdeep	Tiku Talsania	Lalita Pawar
cast member	All Sorts and Conditions of Men is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Georges Tréville and starring Renee Kelly, Rex Davis and James Lindsay.	All Sorts and Conditions of Men	Rex Davis	James Lindsay
cast member	Hurry Up, or I'll Be 30 (also known as I Am Waiting No More) is a 1973 film starring John Lefkowitz, Linda De Coff, and Danny DeVito.	Hurry Up, or I'll Be 30	Danny DeVito
cast member	The Strange Case of Wilhelm Reich is an Austrian film about Wilhelm Reich played by Klaus Maria Brandauer.	The Strange Case of Wilhelm Reich	Klaus Maria Brandauer
cast member	The two discover voodoo icons and effects, as well as a grave of ``Jessabelle'' with a baby's skeleton, dated on Jessie's birthday, whom they give to Sheriff Pruitt (Chris Ellis) for DNA testing.	Jessabelle	Chris Ellis
cast member	Agraja is a 2014 Indian Kannada film directed by Srinandan starring Darshan and Jaggesh.	Agraja	Jaggesh
cast member	They Were Expendable is a 1945 American war film directed by John Ford and starring Robert Montgomery and John Wayne and featuring Donna Reed.	They Were Expendable	Robert Montgomery	John Wayne	Donna Reed
cast member	The Siege of Firebase Gloria is a 1989 film starring Wings Hauser and R. Lee Ermey that was filmed in the Philippines.	The Siege of Firebase Gloria	Wings Hauser	R. Lee Ermey
cast member	In Old Alsace (French title:L'ami Fritz) is a 1933 French drama film directed by Jacques de Baroncelli and starring Lucien Duboscq, Simone Bourday and Madeleine Guitty.	In Old Alsace	Lucien Duboscq
cast member	Cyborg 2087 is a 1966 science fiction film starring Michael Rennie, Karen Steele, Wendell Corey, and Warren Stevens.	Cyborg 2087	Michael Rennie	Karen Steele	Wendell Corey	Warren Stevens
cast member	Drums of Tahiti is a 1954 Technicolor South Seas drama directed by William Castle, starring Dennis O'Keefe and Patricia Medina.	Drums of Tahiti	Dennis O'Keefe	Patricia Medina
cast member	Short Cut to Hell (1957) is an American film noir, filmed in black-and-white VistaVision, starring Robert Ivers and Georgann Johnson.	Short Cut to Hell	Robert Ivers
cast member	Navy Wife is a 1956 comedy film directed by Edward Bernds (who also directed ``Three Stooges'' and ``Bowery Boys''), and starring Joan Bennett, Gary Merrill, Shirley Yamaguchi.	Navy Wife	Joan Bennett
cast member	Sins Without Intentions (Italian: Peccato senza malizia) is a 1975 Italian erotic-drama film written and directed by Theo Campanelli and starring Jenny Tamburi, Gabriele Tinti and Luigi Pistilli.	Sins Without Intentions	Jenny Tamburi	Gabriele Tinti	Luigi Pistilli
cast member	Into My Heart is a 1998 motion picture featuring Rob Morrow and Claire Forlani.	Into My Heart	Rob Morrow	Claire Forlani
cast member	A Matter of WHO is a 1961 British thriller film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Terry-Thomas as a World Health Organisation employee trying to trail the source of a deadly virus.	A Matter of WHO	Terry-Thomas
cast member	A Hole in One is a 2004 film co-starring Michelle Williams and Meat Loaf.	A Hole in One	Michelle Williams
cast member	The Far Country is a 1954 American Western Technicolor romance film directed by Anthony Mann and starring James Stewart, Ruth Roman, and Walter Brennan.	The Far Country	James Stewart	Ruth Roman	Walter Brennan
cast member	Phantom 2040's unique voice cast included Scott Valentine, Margot Kidder, Ron Perlman, Leah Remini, J.D. Hall, Alan Oppenheimer, Richard Lynch and Jeff Bennett - while Mark Hamill, Debbie Harry, Rob Paulsen and Paul Williams had recurring roles.	Phantom 2040	Scott Valentine	Margot Kidder	Ron Perlman	Mark Hamill
cast member	What Ever Happened to Baby Toto? (Italian: Che fine ha fatto Totò Baby?) is a 1964 Italian black comedy film written and directed by Ottavio Alessi.	What Ever Happened to Baby Toto?	Totò
cast member	When You Come Home is a 1948 British comedy film directed by John Baxter and starring Frank Randle, Leslie Sarony and Leslie Holmes.	When You Come Home	Frank Randle
cast member	Frank en Eva (English release title: Living Apart Together) is a 1973 Dutch film which features the debut performance of Sylvia Kristel.	Frank en Eva	Sylvia Kristel
cast member	Phool Bane Angaray is a 1991 film by K.C. Bokadia which stars Rajinikanth and Rekha in the lead roles.It was basically Female oriented Film with Rekha as the centre of attraction but Rajinikanth made a great impact as Inspector Ranjit Singh in the special appearance.It was Box office Hit.	Phool Bane Angaray	Rajinikanth	Rekha
cast member	Corpse for the Lady (Italian: Cadavere per signora) is a 1964 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Sylva Koscina.	Corpse for the Lady	Sylva Koscina
cast member	Bad Asses (also known as Bad Ass 2: Bad Asses) is a 2014 action film starring Danny Trejo and Danny Glover, written and directed by Craig Moss.	Bad Asses	Danny Trejo
cast member	A Woman's Fool is a 1918 American Western film directed by John Ford featuring Harry Carey.	A Woman's Fool	Harry Carey
cast member	Sri Tirupati Venkateswara Kalyanam is a 1979 Telugu, Mythological film produced & directed by N. T. Rama Rao on his Ramakrishna Cine Studios banner.	Sri Tirupati Venkateswara Kalyanam	N. T. Rama Rao
cast member	Directed by George B. Seitz, Life Begins for Andy Hardy was also the last Andy Hardy movie to feature Judy Garland.	Life Begins for Andy Hardy	Judy Garland
cast member	Devil's Doorway is a 1950 western film directed by Anthony Mann and starring Robert Taylor as an Indian who returns home from the American Civil War a hero awarded the Medal of Honor.	Devil's Doorway	Robert Taylor
cast member	Tina Romero as Alucarda/Lucy Westenraa Susana Kamini as Justine David Silva as Father Lázaro Claudio Brook as Dr. Oszek/Hunchbacked Gypsy Lily Garza as Daniela Oszek Tina French as Sister Angélica Birgitta Segerskog as Mother Superior Adriana Roel as Sister Germana Martin LaSalle as Brother Felipe	Alucarda	Susana Kamini	David Silva	Claudio Brook	Martin LaSalle
cast member	Der rote Kreis (English: The Crimson Circle) is a 1960 West German/Danish black and white crime film directed by Jürgen Roland and starring Renate Ewert, Klausjürgen Wussow and Karl-Georg Saebisch.	Der rote Kreis	Jürgen Roland	Renate Ewert	Klausjürgen Wussow	Karl-Georg Saebisch
cast member	The Unknown Known (also known as The Unknown Known: The Life and Times of Donald Rumsfeld) is a 2013 American documentary film about the life of former U.S. Secretary of Defense and congressman Donald Rumsfeld, directed by Academy Award winning documentarian and filmmaker Errol Morris.	The Unknown Known	Donald Rumsfeld
cast member	Blind Corner (U.S. Man in the Dark) is a 1963 British thriller film, directed by Lance Comfort and starring William Sylvester and Barbara Shelley.	Blind Corner	William Sylvester	Barbara Shelley
cast member	Theatre of Blood (also known as Theater of Blood) is a 1973 horror film starring Vincent Price as vengeful actor Edward Lionheart and Diana Rigg as his daughter Edwina.	Theatre of Blood	Vincent Price	Diana Rigg
cast member	The Pilgrim Lady is a 1947 American comedy crime film directed by Lesley Selander and starring Lynne Roberts, Warren Douglas and Alan Mowbray.	The Pilgrim Lady	Lynne Roberts
cast member	Three Wise Girls is a 1932 American Pre-Code romantic drama film featuring Jean Harlow in her first starring role.	Three Wise Girls	Jean Harlow
cast member	Munjane is a 2012 released Kannada romantic drama film starring Ganesh and Manjari Phadnis.	Munjane	Ganesh	Manjari Phadnis
cast member	The Grand Duchess and the Waiter is a 1926 silent romantic comedy directed by Mal St. Clair and starring Florence Vidor and Adolphe Menjou.	The Grand Duchess and the Waiter	Florence Vidor	Adolphe Menjou
cast member	The Shooting of Dan McGoo is a cartoon directed by Tex Avery.	The Shooting of Dan McGoo	Tex Avery
cast member	Amos & Andrew is a 1993 comedy starring Nicolas Cage and Samuel L. Jackson, filmed in and around Wilmington, North Carolina.	Amos & Andrew	Nicolas Cage	Samuel L. Jackson
cast member	A Yank in Rome (Italian: Un americano in vacanza) is a 1946 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Valentina Cortese.	A Yank in Rome	Valentina Cortese
cast member	Final Reprisal is a 1988 action film, starring Gary Daniels (in his first starring role) and James Gaines.	Final Reprisal	Gary Daniels
cast member	Abraxas, Guardian of the Universe is a 1990 science-fiction/action film written and directed by Damian Lee and starring Jesse ``The Body'' Ventura and Sven-Ole Thorsen, with a cameo by James Belushi.	Abraxas, Guardian of the Universe	Damian Lee	Sven-Ole Thorsen
cast member	Beeruva is a Telugu film featuring Sundeep Kishan and Surabhi in the lead roles and directed by Kanmani.	Beeruva	Sundeep Kishan
cast member	Les Bicyclettes de Belsize is a 1968 British musical short film (30 mins) starring Judy Huxtable and Anthony May.	Les Bicyclettes de Belsize	Judy Huxtable	Anthony May
cast member	Hutch Stirs 'em Up is a 1923 British silent comedy action film directed by Frank Hall Crane and starring Charles Hutchison, Joan Barry and Malcolm Tod.	Hutch Stirs 'em Up	Charles Hutchison	Joan Barry
cast member	Naked as Nature Intended is a 1961 British nudist film produced and directed by George Harrison Marks and starring Pamela Green.	Naked as Nature Intended	Pamela Green
cast member	You Can't Run Away from It is a 1956 Technicolor and CinemaScope musical comedy starring June Allyson and Jack Lemmon.	You Can't Run Away from It	June Allyson	Jack Lemmon
cast member	The Real Roseanne Show is a reality show that aired briefly in 2003 about actress and comedian Roseanne Barr hosting a cooking show, called Domestic Goddess.	The Real Roseanne Show	Roseanne Barr
cast member	Det ender med bryllup is a 1943 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and starring Poul Reumert.	Det ender med bryllup	Poul Reumert
cast member	Liar Liar is a 1997 American comedy film written by Paul Guay and Stephen Mazur, directed by Tom Shadyac and starring Jim Carrey who was nominated for a Golden Globe Award (1997) for Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture - Comedy/Musical.	Liar Liar	Jim Carrey
cast member	The Favour, the Watch and the Very Big Fish is a 1991 comedy film directed by Ben Lewin, starring Bob Hoskins, Jeff Goldblum and Natasha Richardson.	The Favour, the Watch and the Very Big Fish	Bob Hoskins	Jeff Goldblum	Natasha Richardson
cast member	Cameo Kirby is a 1923 American silent drama film directed by John Ford which starred John Gilbert and Gertrude Olmstead and featured Jean Arthur in her onscreen debut.	Cameo Kirby	John Gilbert	Gertrude Olmstead	Jean Arthur
cast member	The Aurora Encounter is a 1986 American Weird Western science fiction film directed by the Jim McCullough Sr., written by Melody Brooke and Jim McCullough, Jr., and starring Jack Elam, Peter Brown, Carol Bagdasarian and Dottie West.	The Aurora Encounter	Jack Elam	Peter Brown	Dottie West
cast member	Beethoven Virus (Hangul: 베토벤 바이러스) is a 2008 South Korean television series starring Kim Myung-min, Lee Ji-ah, and Jang Keun-suk.	Beethoven Virus	Kim Myung-min
cast member	Sathyan as Appunni S. P. Pillai as Govindan Nair Jayabharathi as Janu Jeassy Kuttyedathi Vilasini as Malu (Kuttiyedathi) Master Sathyajith as Vasu Kuthiravattam Pappu as Kuttishankaran Raman Menon Ammini Balan K. Nair Nilambur Balan as Karuthan Philomina as Narayani Kozhikode Shantha Devi as Meenakshi	Kuttyedathi	Sathyan	S. P. Pillai	Jayabharathi
cast member	Taare Zameen Par (titled Like Stars on Earth for Disney's international DVD) is a 2007 Indian educational drama film produced and directed by Aamir Khan.	Taare Zameen Par	Aamir Khan
cast member	The Boy Turns Man (Bulgarian: Момчето си отива / Momcheto si otiva) is a Bulgarian comedy-drama film released in 1972, directed by Lyudmil Kirkov, starring Nevena Kokanova, Philip Trifonov, Kiril Gospodinov and Sashka Bratanova.	The Boy Turns Man	Nevena Kokanova	Kiril Gospodinov
cast member	Witless Protection is a 2008 comedy film from Lionsgate, starring Daniel Lawrence Whitney, better known as Larry the Cable Guy and Jenny McCarthy written and directed by Chicago native Charles Robert Carner.	Witless Protection	Larry the Cable Guy	Jenny McCarthy
cast member	Warm Summer Rain is a 1989 drama film written and directed by Joe Gayton, starring Kelly Lynch and Barry Tubb.	Warm Summer Rain	Kelly Lynch	Barry Tubb
cast member	Hammers Over the Anvil is a 1993 Australian biographical romantic drama film starring Russell Crowe and directed by Ann Turner.	Hammers Over the Anvil	Russell Crowe
cast member	The Far Horizons is a 1955 American western film directed by Rudolph Maté, starring Fred MacMurray, Charlton Heston, Donna Reed and Barbara Hale.	The Far Horizons	Fred MacMurray	Charlton Heston	Donna Reed	Barbara Hale
cast member	Brother Officers is a 1915 British silent war film directed by Harold M. Shaw and starring Henry Ainley, Lettice Fairfax and Gerald Ames.	Brother Officers	Henry Ainley	Gerald Ames
cast member	Ironheart (1992) is a martial arts film starring Bolo Yeung, created as a showcase vehicle for Britton K. Lee.	Ironheart	Bolo Yeung
cast member	The Lover of Camille was a 1924 American silent romantic drama film directed by Harry Beaumont, and starring Monte Blue.	The Lover of Camille	Monte Blue
cast member	Neeku Nenu Naaku Nuvvu is a Telugu film starring Uday Kiran and Shriya, directed by Raja Sekhar.	Neeku Nenu Naaku Nuvvu	Uday Kiran
cast member	The film is about an extraterrestrial (played by Brad Dourif) who came to Earth several decades ago from a water planet (The Wild Blue Yonder), after it experienced an ice age.	The Wild Blue Yonder	Brad Dourif
cast member	Sally Field as Norma Rae Webster Beau Bridges as Sonny Webster Ron Leibman as Reuben Warshowsky Pat Hingle as Vernon Barbara Baxley as Leona Gail Strickland as Bonnie Mae Morgan Paull as Wayne Billings John Calvin as Ellis Harper Noble Willingham as Leroy Mason Grace Zabriskie as Linette Odum	Norma Rae	Pat Hingle	Gail Strickland	Morgan Paull
cast member	I Do (But I Don't) is a 2004 American made-for-television romantic comedy film starring Denise Richards, Dean Cain, Karen Cliche, Olivia Palenstein and Mimi Kuzyk.	I Do (But I Don't)	Denise Richards
cast member	The Diamond Fleece is a 1992 Canadian made-for-television film directed by Al Waxman and starring Ben Cross, Kate Nelligan and Brian Dennehy.	The Diamond Fleece	Ben Cross	Kate Nelligan	Brian Dennehy
cast member	Make Way for Tomorrow is a 1937 American drama film directed by Leo McCarey.	Make Way for Tomorrow	Leo McCarey
cast member	Man of Violence is a 1969 British crime film directed by Pete Walker and starring Michael Latimer, Hammer girls Virginia Wetherell (Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde, Demons of the Mind) and Luan Peters (Lust for a Vampire, Twins of Evil), and Derek Aylward.	Man of Violence	Michael Latimer
cast member	Feared of being blamed, Venky and his friends run away to the Hyderabad Police Academy, which is run by Yogendra Sharma (Ashutosh Rana).	Venky	Ashutosh Rana
cast member	Road to the Stage (Russian: Путь на арену) is a 1963 Armenian film about a young circus artist (Leonid Yengibarov), who becomes a famous star.	Road to the Stage	Leonid Yengibarov
cast member	I chartopaichtra (Greek: Η χαρτοπαίχτρα, The Card Player) is a 1964 Greek black-and-white film starring Rena Vlachopoulou and Lambros Konstantaras.	I chartopaichtra	Lambros Konstantaras
cast member	Sommersby is a 1993 romantic drama film directed by Jon Amiel and starring Richard Gere, Jodie Foster, Bill Pullman and James Earl Jones.	Sommersby	Richard Gere	Jodie Foster	Bill Pullman	James Earl Jones
cast member	Mad Dog Time, also known as Trigger Happy, is a 1996 American ensemble cast crime comedy film written and directed by Larry Bishop and starring Jeff Goldblum, Richard Dreyfuss, Gabriel Byrne, Ellen Barkin, Diane Lane and Gregory Hines.	Mad Dog Time	Larry Bishop	Jeff Goldblum	Richard Dreyfuss	Gabriel Byrne	Ellen Barkin	Diane Lane	Gregory Hines
cast member	The Low Life is a 1995 American film starring Rory Cochrane and directed and co-written by George Hickenlooper.	The Low Life	Rory Cochrane
cast member	The Czar of Black Hollywood is a 2014 documentary film chronicling the early life and career of African-American filmmaker Oscar Micheaux (1884-1951).	The Czar of Black Hollywood	Oscar Micheaux
cast member	High Heels and Low Lifes is a 2001 action comedy-drama film starring Minnie Driver, Mary McCormack, Kevin McNally, Mark Williams, Danny Dyer and Michael Gambon.	High Heels and Low Lifes	Minnie Driver	Mary McCormack	Kevin McNally	Mark Williams	Danny Dyer	Michael Gambon
cast member	Rage of Honor is an American martial arts film directed by Gordon Hessler, and starring Sho Kosugi.	Rage of Honor	Sho Kosugi
cast member	Why Did I Ever Say Yes Twice? (German: Warum hab ich bloß 2 x ja gesagt?, Italian: Professione bigamo) is a 1969 German-Italian comedy film directed by Franz Antel and starring Lando Buzzanca, Teri Tordai and Raffaella Carrà.	Why Did I Ever Say Yes Twice?	Franz Antel	Lando Buzzanca	Teri Tordai	Raffaella Carrà
cast member	The Vampire Lovers is a 1970 British gothic horror film directed by Roy Ward Baker and starring Peter Cushing, Ingrid Pitt, Madeline Smith, Kate O'Mara and Jon Finch.	The Vampire Lovers	Peter Cushing	Ingrid Pitt	Kate O'Mara	Jon Finch
cast member	Main Solah Baras Ki is a Bollywood film directed by Dev Anand and was released in 1998.	Main Solah Baras Ki	Dev Anand
cast member	The Mask of Love is a 1917 American short silent crime film directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney.	The Mask of Love	Lon Chaney
cast member	En pige uden lige (English: ``A girl without equal'') is a 1943 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and starring Ellen Gottschalch.	En pige uden lige	Ellen Gottschalch
cast member	Death to the Supermodels is a 2005 black comedy starring Jaime Pressly, Brooke Burns, Kimberley Davies, Taylor Negron, Matt Winston, Diane Delano and Jason Acuña.	Death to the Supermodels	Jaime Pressly	Brooke Burns	Taylor Negron	Matt Winston	Diane Delano	Jason Acuña
cast member	The Last Producer is a 2000 American drama film directed by and starring Burt Reynolds.	The Last Producer	Burt Reynolds
cast member	Somewhere in Wrong is a 1925 American film starring Stan Laurel.	Somewhere in Wrong	Stan Laurel
cast member	Danielle Steel's Star is a 1993 American made-for-television film starring Jennie Garth, Craig Bierko, Terry Farrell, Penny Fuller and Mitchell Ryan.	Danielle Steel's Star	Jennie Garth	Craig Bierko	Terry Farrell
cast member	Leave Her to Heaven is a 1945 American Technicolor film noir starring Gene Tierney, Cornel Wilde, Jeanne Crain, with Vincent Price, Darryl Hickman, Ray Collins, and Chill Wills.	Leave Her to Heaven	Gene Tierney	Cornel Wilde	Jeanne Crain	Vincent Price	Darryl Hickman	Ray Collins	Chill Wills
cast member	Love Is Not Perfect (Italian: L'amore è imperfetto) is a 2012 Italian romance film written and directed by Francesca Muci and starring Anna Foglietta and Giulio Berruti.	Love Is Not Perfect	Anna Foglietta	Giulio Berruti
cast member	The Pervert's Guide to Cinema is a 2006 documentary directed and produced by Sophie Fiennes, scripted and presented by Slavoj Žižek.	The Pervert's Guide to Cinema	Slavoj Žižek
cast member	Svinedrengen og prinsessen på ærten is a 1962 Danish animated film directed by Poul Ilsøe and starring Dirch Passer.	Svinedrengen og prinsessen på ærten	Dirch Passer
cast member	Coimbatore Mappillai (Tamil: கோயமுத்தூர் மாப்ளே; English: Coimbatore's son-in-law) is a 1996 Tamil language starring Vijay and Sanghavi in lead roles.	Coimbatore Mappillai	Vijay	Sanghavi
cast member	A Touch of the Other is a 1970 British drama film directed by Arnold L. Miller and starring Hélène Françoise, Kenneth Cope and Shirley Anne Field.	A Touch of the Other	Kenneth Cope
cast member	How She Move is a 2007 drama film directed by Ian Iqbal Rashid and starring Rutina Wesley, Clé Bennett and Romina D'Ugo.	How She Move	Rutina Wesley
cast member	Hide-Out is a 1934 American comedy film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Robert Montgomery and Maureen O'Sullivan.	Hide-Out	Robert Montgomery	Maureen O'Sullivan
cast member	Grihanathan (Malayalam: ഗൃഹനാഥൻ) is a 2012 Malayalam family film directed by Mohan Kupleri, starring Mukesh and Sonia Agarwal in the lead roles.	Grihanathan	Mukesh
cast member	Half a Bride is a 1928 American silent romance film directed by Gregory La Cava and starring Esther Ralston, Gary Cooper, and William Worthington.	Half a Bride	Esther Ralston	Gary Cooper	William Worthington
cast member	Sam Edwards - Rod Rocket and Joey Hal Smith - Professor Angus Pat Blake - Cassie	Rod Rocket	Sam Edwards	Hal Smith
cast member	The drama centers around the encounter of the eponymous Madeinusa (Magaly Solier), a teenaged girl selected as the festival's Mater Dolorosa and daughter of the village mayor, with Salvador.	Madeinusa	Magaly Solier
cast member	30 minuten (30 minutes) was a 1995 Dutch satirical mockumentary TV series, written by Arjan Ederveen and directed by Pieter Kramer.	30 minuten	Arjan Ederveen
cast member	Blood of the Virgins (Spanish: Sangre de vírgenes) is a 1967 Argentine gothic horror film directed by Emilio Vieyra.	Blood of the Virgins	Emilio Vieyra
cast member	Walk, Don't Run is a 1966 Technicolor comedy film starring Cary Grant, set in Tokyo during the Olympic Games in 1964.	Walk, Don't Run	Cary Grant
cast member	Mr. Wong, Detective is a 1938 American crime film directed by William Nigh and starring Boris Karloff in his first appearance as Mr. Wong.	Mr. Wong, Detective	Boris Karloff
cast member	In November 1932, Constance, Countess of Trentham (Maggie Smith), and her lady's maid, Mary MacEachran (Kelly Macdonald) travel to Gosford Park for the weekend.	Gosford Park	Kelly Macdonald
cast member	The Flim-Flam Man is a 1967 American comedy film directed by Irvin Kershner, starring George C. Scott, Michael Sarrazin and Sue Lyon, based on the novel The Ballad of the Flim-Flam Man by Guy Owen.	The Flim-Flam Man	George C. Scott	Michael Sarrazin	Sue Lyon
cast member	The Undercover Man is a 1949 American crime drama film noir starring Glenn Ford.	The Undercover Man	Glenn Ford
cast member	Caged is a 1950 film noir directed by John Cromwell and starring Eleanor Parker, Agnes Moorehead, Ellen Corby and Hope Emerson.	Caged	Eleanor Parker	Agnes Moorehead	Ellen Corby	Hope Emerson
cast member	The host of Uutisvuoto is journalist Baba Lybeck, who took over from Peter Nyman in 2010, and the team captains are novelist Jari Tervo and comedian Stan Saanila.	Uutisvuoto	Jari Tervo	Stan Saanila
cast member	Dirty Tiger, Crazy Frog (Chinese: 老虎田雞) is a 1978 Hong Kong kung fu film directed by Karl Maka, starring Sammo Hung and Lau Kar Wing.	Dirty Tiger, Crazy Frog	Sammo Hung
cast member	Isaac Newton S/O Philipose is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by V. Bosse, starring Lal, Nedumudi Venu, Tini Tom and Abhinaya.	Isaac Newton S/O Philipose	Lal
cast member	In her autobiography Veronica, Lake wrote: ``The Navy, proud of Slattery's Hurricane and the salute it gave to Navy pilots, previewed the film in its 90-ton giant aircraft, the Constitution.	Slattery's Hurricane	Veronica, Lake
cast member	A sequel to Black God, White Devil, it features the return of the character Antonio das Mortes, now as the protagonist, again played by Maurício do Valle.	Antonio das Mortes	Maurício do Valle
cast member	Boy Trouble is a 1939 American film starring Charles Ruggles, Mary Boland, Donald O'Connor, and Billy Lee.	Boy Trouble	Charles Ruggles	Mary Boland	Donald O'Connor
cast member	Punching the Clown is a 2009 American comedy film directed by Gregori Viens, which stars Henry Phillips as a semi-fictionalized version of himself.	Punching the Clown	Henry Phillips
cast member	Dandam Dashagunam is a 2011 Kannada film in the action genre starring Chiranjeevi Sarja and Ramya in the lead roles .	Dandam Dashagunam	Chiranjeevi Sarja	Ramya
cast member	Material Girls is a 2006 American teen comedy film starring Hilary and Haylie Duff.	Material Girls	Haylie Duff
cast member	A Close Call for Boston Blackie (1946) is the tenth of fourteen Columbia Pictures crime films starring Chester Morris as Boston Blackie.	A Close Call for Boston Blackie	Chester Morris
cast member	Jack is able to rescue a young girl trapped in an engulfed apartment, but is briefly trapped himself before being rescued by a fellow Firefighter from Ladder 49, Leonard ``Lenny'' Richter (Robert Patrick).	Ladder 49	Robert Patrick
cast member	Underwater! is a 1955 adventure film directed by John Sturges and starring Jane Russell and Richard Egan.	Underwater!	Jane Russell	Richard Egan
cast member	Adventures of a Private Eye is a 1977 British sex comedy film starring Christopher Neil, Suzy Kendall, Harry H. Corbett and Liz Fraser.	Adventures of a Private Eye	Christopher Neil	Suzy Kendall	Harry H. Corbett
cast member	Reflections in Black (Italian: Il vizio ha le calze nere / Vice Wears Black Hose) is a 1975 Italian giallo film directed by the actor Tano Cimarosa, here at his directorial debut.	Reflections in Black	Tano Cimarosa
cast member	Mann Vasanai (Tamil: மண்வாசனை) is a 1983 Indian Tamil language film starring debutants Pandiyan and Revathi in the lead roles.	Mann Vasanai	Pandiyan
cast member	The Ways of Sin (Italian:Le vie del peccato) is a 1946 Italian historical drama film directed by Giorgio Pastina and starring Jacqueline Laurent, Leonardo Cortese and Carlo Ninchi.	The Ways of Sin	Jacqueline Laurent	Leonardo Cortese	Carlo Ninchi
cast member	Good Morning, Boys is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and featuring Will Hay, Martita Hunt, Lilli Palmer and Peter Gawthorne.	Good Morning, Boys	Will Hay
cast member	Manthrikan is a 2012 Malayalam horror-comedy film written by Rajan Kiriyath, directed by Anil and starring Jayaram and Poonam Bajwa in the lead roles.	Manthrikan	Jayaram	Poonam Bajwa
cast member	David Wants to Fly is a 2010 German documentary film that follows its director, Berlin-based, film school graduate David Sieveking, as he interacts with his film hero David Lynch, and explores the Transcendental Meditation movement.	David Wants to Fly	David Lynch
cast member	The Amorous Adventures of Moll Flanders is a 1965 British historical comedy film directed by Terence Young and starring Kim Novak, Richard Johnson and Angela Lansbury.	The Amorous Adventures of Moll Flanders	Kim Novak	Richard Johnson	Angela Lansbury
cast member	Adventure in Warsaw (German:Abenteuer in Warschau) is a 1937 German-Polish comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Georg Alexander, Paul Klinger and Jadwiga Kenda.	Adventure in Warsaw	Georg Alexander
cast member	Midnight FM (Hangul: 심야의 FM; RR: Shim-yaui FM) is a 2010 South Korean thriller film by Kim Sang-man starring Soo Ae and Yoo Ji-tae.	Midnight FM	Soo Ae
cast member	Her Boy Friend is a 1924 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	Her Boy Friend	Oliver Hardy
cast member	Panic in Year Zero!, sometimes known as End of the World, is a 1962 science fiction film directed by and starring Ray Milland.	Panic in Year Zero!	Ray Milland
cast member	Finn and Hattie is a 1931 American Pre-Code film directed by Norman Taurog, starring Leon Errol and ZaSu Pitts.	Finn and Hattie	Leon Errol
cast member	Kaude Shah (Punjabi: ਕੌਡੇ ਸ਼ਾਹ), also spelled as Koday Shah or Kode Shah, is a 1953 Punjabi blockbuster directed by S.P. Bakshi (Shanti Prakash Bakshi), starring Daljit, Shyama, Miss Manju, Thakur Ramesh Nagpal, Chand Burqe, Rajni, Jaswant, Khraiti Bhainga and Mohan.	Kaude Shah	Shyama
cast member	Reel in the Closet (2015) is a documentary film directed by Stu Maddux, and featuring interviews with Daniel Nicoletta, Susan Stryker, and many others.	Reel in the Closet	Susan Stryker
cast member	Anya's Bell is a television film that aired on CBS on October 31, 1999, starring Della Reese as Anya Herpick.	Anya's Bell	Della Reese
cast member	Squirrel Boy centers on the life of an odd boy named Andy Johnson (Pamela Adlon) and his anthropomorphic pet squirrel, Rodney (Richard Horvitz), who is full of crazy ideas and get-rich-quick schemes.	Squirrel Boy	Pamela Adlon
cast member	Taking Wing (French: L'Envol) is a 2000 French drama film directed by Steve Suissa.	Taking Wing	Steve Suissa
cast member	The French Woman (French: Madame Claude) is a 1977 French drama film directed by Just Jaeckin and starring Françoise Fabian.	The French Woman	Françoise Fabian
child	Another was Kurunta who became the vassal ruler of Tarhuntassa during the reign of Hattusili III. Another person named Ulmi-Teshup is suggested to be a third son of Muwatalli II but it is quite likely that Ulmi-Teshup and Kurunta are the same person.	Muwatalli II	Kurunta
child	In the Poetic Edda, Angrboða is mentioned only in Völuspá hin skamma (found in Hyndluljóð) as the mother of Fenrir by Loki.	Angrboða	Fenrir
child	Magdolna Purgly de Jószáshely (born 10 June 1881 in Sofronya, Hungary; died 8 January 1959 in Estoril, Portugal) was the wife of Admiral Miklós Horthy.	Magdolna Purgly	Miklós Horthy
child	Summer is the mother of his twin children: a son, Dirk Pitt, Jr., and a daughter, Summer Pitt.	Dirk Pitt	Summer Pitt
child	His firstborn son and heir to the throne, Amenemhat, predeceased Thutmose III. When Thutmose III died, he was buried in the Valley of the Kings as were the rest of the kings from this period in Egypt.	Thutmose III	Amenemhat
child	Tucker and Frances had three sons together, Henry St. George Tucker, Sr., Nathaniel Beverley Tucker, and Theodorick Thomas Tudor; they also had two daughters, Anne Frances and Elizabeth.	St. George Tucker	Nathaniel Beverley Tucker
child	However, the encounter did not end on good terms since Schoenberg believed that every note should be accounted for, an approach which Brubeck could not accept, although according to his son Chris Brubeck, there is a twelve-tone row in The Light in the Wilderness, Dave Brubeck's first oratorio.	Dave Brubeck	Chris Brubeck
child	Theodrada (b. 784, d. unknown), abbess of Argenteuil Hiltrude (b. 787, d. unknown) Fastrada died on 10 August 794 in Frankfurt, Germany, during the synod of Frankfurt and was buried in St. Alban's Abbey, Mainz, long before the abbey was finished.	Fastrada	Theodrada
child	Eve Branson (born Evette Huntley Flindt; 1924) is a British philanthropist, child welfare advocate, and the mother of Richard Branson.	Eve Branson	Richard Branson
child	Analea Keohokālole (1816--1869) was a Hawaiian chiefess and matriarch of the House of Kalākaua that ruled the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi from 1874 to 1893.	Keohokālole	Kalākaua
child	Described as ``saintly'' herself, Hedwig of Nordgau was the mother of Saint Cunigunde of Luxembourg, the seventh of eleven children from her marriage to Siegfried.	Hedwig of Nordgau	Cunigunde of Luxembourg
child	Whereas, not much is said about Halga in Anglo-Saxon sources, much more is said in Scandinavian ones, all of them containing a version of the story of his incestuous relationship with his own daughter Yrsa.	Halga	Yrsa
child	John Washington was born in 1633 in Purleigh, Essex, England, the son of Amphilis (Twigden) and Lawrence Washington.	John Washington	Lawrence Washington
child	John Milton Earle Pliny Earle II Thomas Earle	Pliny Earle I	Thomas Earle
child	Because Seti II had his accession between II Peret 29 and III Peret 6 while Siptah--	Seti II	Siptah
child	Babutai, Duke of Zhen Mukushen Babuhai Nurhaci's fifth daughter Nurhaci's sixth daughter Lady Silin Gioro (西林覺羅), bore Nurhaci one child:	Nurhaci	Babutai	Babuhai
child	He was the father of Glaucus, Ornytion, Almus, and Thersander by the nymph Merope, the brother of Salmoneus, and the grandfather of Bellerophon through Glaucus King Sisyphus promoted navigation and commerce but was avaricious and deceitful.	Sisyphus	Ornytion
child	Kim Young-sook had a daughter from this marriage, Kim Sul-song (born 1974).	Kim Young-sook	Kim Sul-song
child	Bernardo Verbitsky (22 November 1907 -- 15 March 1979) was an Argentine writer and journalist, and father of the controversial journalist and former military collaborator during that country's so-called ``dirty war'' Horacio Verbitsky.	Bernardo Verbitsky	Horacio Verbitsky
child	Other sons of Erechtheus sometimes mentioned are Orneus, Metion, Pandorus, Thespius, and Eupalamus.	Erechtheus	Orneus	Metion	Pandorus	Thespius
child	Alexandre Louis Maurice Dior (1873 -- 9 December 1946) was a French industrialist and the father of grand couturier Christian Dior and French Resistance member Catherine Dior.	Maurice Dior	Christian Dior	Catherine Dior
child	Pio Piacentini (5 September 1846 -- 4 April 1928) was an Italian architect, the father of Marcello Piacentini.	Pio Piacentini	Marcello Piacentini
child	Robert Stewart, 1st Marquess of Londonderry PC (Ire) (27 September 1739 -- 6 April 1821), was an Irish politician and landowner, the father of politician Robert Stewart, Viscount Castlereagh.	Robert Stewart, 1st Marquess of Londonderry	Robert Stewart, Viscount Castlereagh
child	Saint Anne (also known as Ann or Anna or Anne, from Hebrew Channah חַנָּה, meaning ``favor'' or ``grace'') of David's house and line, was the mother of the Virgin Mary and grandmother of Jesus Christ, according to Christian and Islamic tradition.	Saint Anne	Mary
child	Cao Lin (曹霖: ? - 250) is the father of the emperor Cao Mao, the fifth emperor of the Cao Wei of Chinese history.	Cao Lin	Cao Mao
conflict	Hamilton Coolidge (September 1, 1895 -- October 27, 1918), was an American pursuit pilot, flying ace in World War I, and recipient of the Distinguished Service Cross.	Hamilton Coolidge	World War I
conflict	George Watters (26 September 1904 -- 1980) was a miner and labourer from Prestonpans, East Lothian, who fought in the Spanish Civil War.	George Watters	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Rafael García Valiño (1898--1975) was a Spanish army officer who participated in the Spanish Civil War.	Rafael García Valiño	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Osman Digna (Arabic: عثمان دقنة‎)(c. 1840 -- 1926) was a follower of Muhammad Ahmad, the self-proclaimed Mahdi, in Sudan, who became his best known military commander during the Mahdist War.	Osman Digna	Mahdist War
conflict	Fernand Gambiez (27 February 1903 -- 29 March 1989) was a French Army general and military historian, he fought in World War II, First Indochina War and Algerian War, during the Algerian War he was commander-in-chief of the French Army in Algeria.	Fernand Gambiez	World War II	First Indochina War	Algerian War
continent	McGrath Nunatak is a ridge-like nunatak at the west end of the Blånabbane Nunataks, standing 7 nautical miles (13 km) southeast of Van Hulssen Nunatak in Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica.	McGrath Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Adélie Valley (65°30′S 136°0′E), also variously known as Adilie Valley, Dumont d'Urville Trough or Adélie Trough, is a drowned fjord (undersea valley) on the continental margin of East Antarctica.	Adélie Valley	Antarctica
continent	Saudi Arabia (i/ˌsɔːdiː əˈreɪbiə/, i/ˌsaʊ-/), officially known as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA), is an Arab state in Western Asia constituting the bulk of the Arabian Peninsula.	Saudi Arabia	Asia
continent	With a population of around 9 million in the city and 16 million in the wider metropolitan area, Tehran is the largest city and urban area of Iran, the second largest city in Western Asia, and the 3rd largest in the Middle East.	Tehran	Asia
continent	Jones Peak (85°5′S 172°0′W) is a mainly ice-free peak, 3,670 metres (12,040 ft) high, standing 5 nautical miles (9 km) west-northwest of Mount Fisher at the head of DeGanahl Glacier, in the Prince Olav Mountains of Antarctica.	Jones Peak	Antarctica
continent	Whitmore Mountains (82°35′S 104°30′W) is an isolated group of mountains in West Antarctica, consisting of three mountains and a cluster of nunataks extending over 15 miles.	Whitmore Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Lambert Graben is a graben in Antarctica.	Lambert Graben	Antarctica
continent	The Meyer Desert is a triangular ice-free area of about 50 square miles (130 km2) at the northern end of the Dominion Range, Antarctica, near the confluence of Beardmore Glacier and Mill Glacier.	Meyer Desert	Antarctica
continent	Fleet Point (67°37′S 65°24′W) is a rocky point 4 nautical miles (7 km) northwest of Tent Nunatak on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Fleet Point	Antarctica
continent	North Korea ( listen), officially the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK; Chosŏn'gŭl: 조선민주주의인민공화국; hancha: 朝鮮民主主義人民共和國; MR: Chosŏn Minjujuŭi Inmin Konghwaguk), is a country in East Asia, in the northern part of the Korean Peninsula.	North Korea	Asia
continent	Harbord Glacier (75°55′S 162°24′E) is a glacier in Antarctica, flowing along the south side of Mount George Murray.	Harbord Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Ely Nunatak (72°8′S 66°30′E) is a small, dark-colored nunatak 4 nautical miles (7 km) north of Mount Izabelle in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Ely Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Kuhn Nunatak is one of the Rambo Nunataks, lying 3 nautical miles (6 km) southwest of Oliver Nunatak on the west side of Foundation Ice Stream, in the Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Kuhn Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Uruguay River (Spanish: Río Uruguay, Spanish pronunciation: (uɾuˈɣwai); Portuguese: Rio Uruguai, Portuguese pronunciation: (uɾuˈɡwaj)) is a river in South America.	Uruguay River	South America
continent	Lancaster Hill (65°21′S 64°0′W) is a hill at the south side of the mouth of Trooz Glacier, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Lancaster Hill	Antarctica
continent	Point Martin is a point on the east side of Mossman Peninsula, 1.5 km (0.93 mi) north-west of Cape Murdoch, on the south coast of Laurie Island in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica.	Point Martin	Antarctica
continent	Miller Nunatak (74°26′S 164°15′E) is a sharp pointed nunatak rising above the ice at the lower end of Campbell Glacier, 5 nautical miles (9 km) east-southeast of Mount Dickason, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Miller Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Grendal (77°34′28``S 162°0′35''E) is a peak rising to 2,000 metres (6,600 ft) between the heads of Valhalla Glacier and Conrow Glacier in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Grendal	Antarctica
continent	The Guy Peaks (72°9′S 98°53′W) are a cluster of peaks located 3 nautical miles (6 km) northeast of Mount Borgeson, overlooking Peale Inlet on Thurston Island, Antarctica.	Guy Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Petrich Peak (Vrah Petrich \'vr&h 'pet-rich\) is an ice-covered peak of elevation 760 m in central Bowles Ridge on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica, which is named after the town of Petrich in Southwestern Bulgaria.	Petrich Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Galten Islands are a small group of islands in the eastern part of Magnet Bay, Antarctica, 19 kilometres (10 nmi) west of Cape Davis.	Galten Islands	Antarctica
continent	Frost Cliff (75°13′S 135°43′W) is a steep, partly ice-covered cliff 2 nautical miles (4 km) east of Mount Steinfeld, on the south side of the divide between the upper reaches of Hull Glacier and Kirkpatrick Glacier, in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Frost Cliff	Antarctica
continent	Heimdall Glacier (77°35′S 161°51′E) is a small glacier just east of Siegfried Peak and Siegmund Peak on the south side of Wright Valley in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Heimdall Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Ivan Asen Point (Bulgarian: Нос Иван Асен, ``Nos Ivan Asen'' \'nos i-'van a-'sen\) is a narrow rocky point projecting 680 m into Osmar Strait from the southeast coast of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Ivan Asen Point	Antarctica
continent	Cape Jules (66°44′S 140°55′E) is a rocky cape with a small cove along its northern end, 3 nautical miles (6 km) west of Zelee Glacier Tongue, Antarctica.	Cape Jules	Antarctica
continent	MacDonald Peak is a peak rising to 1,940 metres (6,360 ft) midway between Shockey Peak and Mount Crawford near the north end of the main ridge of the Sentinel Range, Antarctica.	MacDonald Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Kring (74°59′S 157°54′E) is a sharply defined nunatak on the northern margin of the upper reaches of David Glacier, 13 nautical miles (24 km) southwest of Mount Wood, in Oates Land, Antarctica.	Mount Kring	Antarctica
continent	East of Nelly Point Important Bird Area is a 35 ha, ice-free tract of land on the south-eastern coast of Elephant Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	East of Nelly Point Important Bird Area	Antarctica
continent	Mount Martyn (69°24′S 157°10′E) is a cluster of bare rock faces with one peak, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) south of Eld Peak in the Lazarev Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Martyn	Antarctica
continent	Cape Leguillou (63°32′S 59°50′W) is a point which forms the northern tip of Tower Island, at the northeast end of the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Cape Leguillou	Antarctica
continent	Mayr Ridge (72°11′S 2°22′E) is a mountainous ridge including Nupskammen Ridge and Von Essen Mountain, forming the southwestern extremity of the Gjelsvik Mountains in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Mayr Ridge	Antarctica
continent	The Juno Peaks (71°58′S 69°47′W) are two steep-sided nunataks with a small rock to the west, forming part of an east-west ridge 6 nautical miles (11 km) southwest of Mimas Peak, lying near the head of Saturn Glacier in southern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Juno Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Some sources claim Mount Wilhelm as the highest mountain in Oceania or Australia, on account of Indonesia being part of Asia.	Mount Wilhelm	Oceania
continent	Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera (Spanish pronunciation: (peˈɲon de ˈβeleθ ðe la ɣoˈmeɾa)), in ancient times Badis or Bades, is a Spanish rock (plaza de soberanía) in North Africa off the Moroccan coast.	Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera	Africa
continent	Mount Shear (78°20′S 86°8′W) is a mountain over 4,000 m, standing 4 miles (6 km) northwest of Mount Tyree in the Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Shear	Antarctica
continent	Baley Nunatak (Bulgarian: нунатак Балей, ``Nunatak Baley'' \'nu-na-tak ba-'ley\) is the rocky hill rising to 495 m in the southeast foothills of Mancho Buttress on the north side of Aitkenhead Glacier, on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Baley Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Owing to its location in the Caribbean Sea in the shipping lane to the Panama Canal and relative proximity to large markets in North America and emerging markets in Latin America, Jamaica receives high container traffic.	Jamaica	North America
continent	Stewart Stacks is a group of prominent sea stacks, one of them rising to 25 m, lying between Rugged Island and Astor Island in the northeast of Osogovo Bay, western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Stewart Stacks	Antarctica
continent	Godwit Glacier (77°36′S 162°13′E) is a glacier that flows northeast from Mount Holm-Hansen into Bartley Glacier in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Godwit Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Florence Island is a small rocky island lying 0.7 kilometres (0.4 nmi) south of Derby Island near the northern extremity of Astrolabe Glacier Tongue, Antarctica.	Florence Island	Antarctica
continent	Lista Point is the point on the northwest coast of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica formed by an offshoot of Riggs Peak.	Lista Point	Antarctica
continent	Ives Tongue is a narrow tongue of land projecting from an island between Fold Island and the coast of Kemp Land, Antarctica.	Ives Tongue	Antarctica
continent	Horn Bluff (68°21′S 149°45′E) is a prominent rocky headland on the northern side of the coastal island at the western side of Deakin Bay, Antarctica.	Horn Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Landauer Point (67°4′S 67°48′W) is a point on the east coast of Adelaide Island, marking the west side of the north entrance to Tickle Channel in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Landauer Point	Antarctica
continent	Bender Glacier (78°43′S 85°20′W) is a glacier that flows from Mount Atkinson and Mount Craddock southwards between Chaplin Peak and Krusha Peak, and joins Nimitz Glacier just south of Gilbert Spur in the southern Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Bender Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Kyrkjebakken Slope (71°54′S 6°32′E) is an ice slope on the west side of Jøkulkyrkja Mountain, in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kyrkjebakken Slope	Antarctica
continent	The Blair Islands are a group of small islands lying 7 km (4 nmi) west of Cape Gray, at the east side of the entrance to Commonwealth Bay, George V Land, Antarctica.	Blair Islands	Antarctica
continent	Kieffer Knoll (82°29′S 162°39′E) is a rocky knoll which marks the extreme northeast corner of the Queen Elizabeth Range, Antarctica.	Kieffer Knoll	Antarctica
continent	Arthurson Ridge (69°22′S 158°30′E) is a short coastal ridge or promontory, a northern extension from the Wilson Hills, rising between Cook Ridge and the terminus of McLeod Glacier at the head of Davies Bay, Antarctica.	Arthurson Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Mount Bower (72°37′S 160°30′E) is a prominent mountain, 2,610 metres (8,560 ft) high, standing 6 miles (10 km) east-northeast of Roberts Butte in the Outback Nunataks, a minor group of nunataks situated in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Bower	Antarctica
continent	Flesa Rock is an isolated rock lying 7 nautical miles (13 km) east of the northeast end of the Borg Massif, in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Flesa Rock	Antarctica
continent	The Anare Mountains (70°55′S 166°00′E) are a large group of mainly snow-covered peaks and ridges along the northern coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Anare Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Lars Christensen Peak, also known as Lars Christensentoppen, is the highest point at 1,640 metres (5,381 ft) on Peter I Island, off the coast of Antarctica.	Lars Christensen Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mazza Point (71°19′S 73°36′W) is a snow-covered headland lying between Brahms Inlet and Mendelssohn Inlet, marking the northwest end of Derocher Peninsula, a minor peninsula that extends in a northwest point from Beethoven Peninsula, situated in the southwest portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Mazza Point	Antarctica
continent	Engelhardt Ice Ridge (83°20′S 146°0′W) is an ice ridge between Whillans Ice Stream and Kamb Ice Stream (formerly Ice Streams B and C) near the junction of Gould Coast and Siple Coast in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Engelhardt Ice Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Haswell Island is the largest of the Haswell Islands, lying off the coast of Antarctica, about 3 kilometres (1.5 nmi) north of Mabus Point in Queen Mary Land.	Haswell Island	Antarctica
continent	Oberbauer Point (Bulgarian: нос Обербауер, ``Nos Oberbauer'' \'nos 'o-ber-ba-u-er\) is the point on the west side of the entrance to Gerritsz Bay on the north coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Oberbauer Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Gevers (85°50′S 158°29′W) is a rock peak, 1,480 metres (4,860 ft) high, in the Hays Mountains of the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica, standing at the north side of Cappellari Glacier at the point where it enters Amundsen Glacier.	Mount Gevers	Antarctica
continent	Main Crater (77°32′S 167°10′E) is the topographic feature that rises to about 3,750 metres (12,300 ft) and forms the primary summit crater of Mount Erebus on Ross Island, Antarctica.	Main Crater	Antarctica
continent	Erlanger Spur (83°16′S 51°6′W) is a rock spur from the southwestern extremity of Lexington Table, Forrestal Range, in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica.	Erlanger Spur	Antarctica
continent	Hobbs Stream (77°55′S 164°30′E) is a seasonal meltwater stream flowing from the mouth of Hobbs Glacier into Salmon Bay on the coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Hobbs Stream	Antarctica
continent	Igloo Spur (77°33′S 169°16′E) is a small, isolated spur 160 metres (520 ft) high at the culmination of the general ridge extending southeast from Bomb Peak, at the east end of Ross Island, Antarctica.	Igloo Spur	Antarctica
continent	Hermes Point (73°35′S 166°13′E) is the seaward end of a ridge from the Mountaineer Range, situated at the confluence of Icebreaker Glacier and Fitzgerald Glacier along the coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Hermes Point	Antarctica
continent	Gage Ridge (66°54′S 51°16′E) is a partially snow-covered ridge, 7 nautical miles (13 km) long, standing 2.5 nautical miles (5 km) west of Mount Selwood in the Tula Mountains in Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Gage Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Marchant Glacier (78°6′S 162°3′E) is a glacier, about 7 nautical miles (13 km) long, which drains the slopes of Rampart Ridge between Mount Bishop and Mount Potter and flows northwest to the vicinity of Mount Bockheim, in the Royal Society Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Marchant Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Slab Point is a rocky point on the northwest coast of Varna Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica forming the north side of the entrance to Eliseyna Cove and the south side of the entrance to Charybdis Cove.	Slab Point	Antarctica
continent	Derbyshire Peak (72°31′S 161°6′E) is a small rock peak 4 nautical miles (7 km) north-northeast of Mount Weihaupt in the Outback Nunataks, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Derbyshire Peak	Antarctica
continent	Camp Byers (Spanish: Campamento Byers) is a Spanish seasonal base camp on Byers Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Camp Byers	Antarctica
continent	Dragash Point (Bulgarian: нос Драгаш, ``Nos Dragash'' \'nos 'dra-gash\) is the rocky point forming the south extremity of Dee Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Dragash Point	Antarctica
continent	The Anderson Massif is a prominent ice-covered massif about 10 nautical miles (20 km) across and rising to a height of 2,190 metres (7,190 ft), located at the junction of Splettstoesser Glacier and Minnesota Glacier in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Anderson Massif	Antarctica
continent	Loqui Point (65°55′S 64°58′W) is a point at the northern extremity of Velingrad Peninsula on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Loqui Point	Antarctica
continent	The Atbarah River (Arabic: نهر عطبرة‎; transliterated: Nahr 'Atbarah) in northeast Africa rises in northwest Ethiopia, approximately 50 km north of Lake Tana and 30 km west of Gondar.	Atbarah River	Africa
continent	Pyke Glacier (64°15′S 59°36′W) is a glacier 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, flowing southward from Detroit Plateau, between Albone and Polaris Glaciers on Nordenskjöld Coast in northern Graham Land, Antarctica.	Pyke Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Level Valley (77°59′S 161°9′E) is a distinctive ice-free valley which descends northeastward from the Pivot Peak cirque, in the Wilkniss Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Level Valley	Antarctica
continent	Låghamaren Cliff (72°30′S 0°30′E) is a rock cliff forming the northwest end of the Hamrane Heights in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Låghamaren Cliff	Antarctica
continent	Grace Rock is a rock in Bransfield Strait, Antarctica lying 1.72 kilometres (0.93 nmi) off the southeast coast of Nelson Island in the South Shetland Islands.	Grace Rock	Antarctica
continent	Telemeter Glacier (77°48′S 160°12′E) is a small glacier 1 mile (1.6 km) southwest of Fireman Glacier in the west part of Quartermain Mountains, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Telemeter Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Lazarev Ice Shelf is that part of the ice shelf fringing the Princess Astrid Coast of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica, that lies between Leningradskiy Island and Verblyud Island.	Lazarev Ice Shelf	Antarctica
continent	Rose Valley Glacier (Bulgarian: Lednik Rozova Dolina \'led-nik 'ro-zo-va do-li-'na\) is a glacier on Varna Peninsula, eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica situated northeast of Saedinenie Snowfield, northwest of Debelt Glacier and north of Panega Glacier.	Rose Valley Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Krok Island is an irregular-shaped island nearly 1.9 kilometres (1 nmi) in extent, the largest of the group lying 1.9 kilometres (1 nmi) south of Abrupt Island and 11 kilometres (6 nmi) west of Hoseason Glacier, Antarctica.	Krok Island	Antarctica
continent	The Herbert Mountains (80°20′S 25°30′W) are a conspicuous group of rock summits on the east side of Gordon Glacier in the Shackleton Range of Antarctica.	Herbert Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Hanson Ridge (77°17′S 163°18′E) is a prominent ice-free ridge situated 3 nautical miles (6 km) northwest of Spike Cape, near the center of Wilson Piedmont Glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Hanson Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Pimpirev Ice Wall (62°37′S 60°24′W) is the rectilinear ice slope running parallel to and some 100 m inland from the northwest coast of Emona Harbour in Livingston Island, Antarctica.	Pimpirev Ice Wall	Antarctica
continent	Imshaug Peninsula (70°53′S 61°35′W) is a broad, snow-covered peninsula at the south side of Lehrke Inlet on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Imshaug Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Ellis Ridge (74°45′S 113°54′W) is an ice-covered ridge, 10 nautical miles (19 km) long and 1.5 nautical miles (3 km) wide, extending northeast from Jenkins Heights between Dorchuck Glacier and Keys Glacier, on the Walgreen Coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Ellis Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Mount Parry is a mountain in Stribog Mountains, Antarctica with an elevation of 2,520 metres (8,268 ft).	Mount Parry	Antarctica
continent	Harris Point (81°35′S 161°32′E) is a rocky coastal point along the west side of the Ross Ice Shelf, Antarctica, located 6 nautical miles (11 km) south of Young Head at the south side of Beaumont Bay.	Harris Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Belolikov (70°29′S 162°7′E) is a mountain (1,120 m) along the west wall of Gannutz Glacier, about 8 nautical miles (15 km) west-northwest of Mount Bruce, in the Bowers Mountains, a major mountain range situated in the geographical Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Belolikov	Antarctica
continent	The Langhovde Hills are an extensive area of bare rocky hills along the eastern shore of Lützow-Holm Bay, just south of Hovde Bay in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Langhovde Hills	Antarctica
continent	Sinemorets Hill (Halm Sinemorets \'h&lm si-ne-'mo-rets\) is the second most prominent (after Hesperides Hill) in the chain of hills surmounting Bulgarian Beach in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Sinemorets Hill	Antarctica
continent	The Amiot Islands are two groups of islands and rocks, the Ward Islands and Cumbers Reef, respectively, lying 17 kilometres (9 nmi) west of Cape Adriasola, Adelaide Island, Antarctica.	Amiot Islands	Antarctica
continent	Lloyd Hill is an ice-covered hill rising to 335 m in the southwest of Dryanovo Heights, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Lloyd Hill	Antarctica
continent	Baliza Hill is the conspicuous rocky hill rising to 40 m in the southeast extremity of Half Moon Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and surmounting Menguante Cove to the north-northwest, McFarlane Strait to the northeast and east, and Mugla Passage to the south.	Baliza Hill	Antarctica
continent	Boil Point (Bulgarian: нос Боил, ``Nos Boil'' \'nos bo-'il\) is the point forming the west side of the entrance to Retizhe Cove on the south coast of Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Boil Point	Antarctica
continent	Hoyt Head (74°59′S 134°36′W) is a high rock headland forming the northeastern end of Bowyer Butte, located at the west side of Venzke Glacier on the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Hoyt Head	Antarctica
continent	Gavlen Ridge (72°39′S 0°27′E) is a ridge forming the southern extremity of the Roots Heights, in the southern part of the Sverdrup Mountains in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Gavlen Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Jordan Nunatak (72°9′S 101°4′W) is a nunatak standing between the heads of Rochray Glacier and Cox Glacier in the southwest part of Thurston Island, Antarctica.	Jordan Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Cape Smith is a cape forming the north end of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Cape Smith	Antarctica
continent	Kuno Cirque (80°40′S 24°55′W) is a glacier-filled cirque between Glen Glacier and Murchison Cirque on the south side of the Read Mountains, Shackleton Range, Antarctica.	Kuno Cirque	Antarctica
continent	Gurnon Peninsula (74°22′S 110°35′W) is a completely ice-covered peninsula about 10 nautical miles (20 km) long, between Park Glacier and Bunner Glacier in the northeast part of Bear Peninsula, Walgreen Coast, Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Gurnon Peninsula	Antarctica
country	Red Cross War Memorial Children's Hospital in Cape Town, South Africa was opened in 1956 through public subscription as a memorial to soldiers lost in the Second World War.	Red Cross War Memorial Children's Hospital	South Africa
country	The Deutsche Oper Berlin is an opera company located in the Charlottenburg district of Berlin, Germany.	Deutsche Oper Berlin	Germany
country	Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (Bengali: হযরত শাহ্‌জালাল আন্তর্জাতিক বিমানবন্দর Hôzrôt Shahjalal Antôrjatik Bimanbôndôr) (IATA: DAC, ICAO: VGHS) is the largest airport in Bangladesh.	Shahjalal International Airport	Bangladesh
country	Trélod is a mountain of Savoie and Haute-Savoie in France.	Trélod	France
country	Dashkin is a village in the district Astore, 85 km from Gilgit, capital of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Dashkin	Pakistan
country	Gurkavan (Persian: گوركاون‎, also Romanized as Gūrkāvan) is a village in Abtar Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gurkavan	Iran
country	The Independent Electricity System Operator (IESO) is a Crown corporation responsible for operating the electricity market and directing the operation of the bulk electrical system in the province of Ontario, Canada.	Independent Electricity System Operator	Canada
country	Warners Bay High School is a secondary school situated in the suburb of Warners Bay in Lake Macquarie, New South Wales, Australia.	Warners Bay High School	Australia
country	Katula (Persian: كتولا‎, also Romanized as Katūlā) is a village in Shalil Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Katula	Iran
country	Hollerich railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Hollerech, French: Gare de Hollerich, German: Bahnhof Hollerich) is a railway station serving Hollerich, a quarter in the south-west of Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Hollerich railway station	Luxembourg
country	Oghuldara (Azerbaijani: Oğuldərə) is a village in Lachin district of Azerbaijan.	Oghuldara	Azerbaijan
country	Odessa International Airport (Ukrainian: Міжнародний аеропорт ``Одеса'') (IATA: ODS, ICAO: UKOO) is the international airport of Odessa, the third largest city of Ukraine, located 7 km (4.3 mi) southwest from its city centre.	Odessa International Airport	Ukraine
country	The Pokhara Rangasala boasts to be Nepal's biggest athletics and sports venue in terms of space occupied( More than 400 ropanies of land).	Pokhara Rangasala	Nepal
country	Lake Kundi (Swahili: ``group'') is located in South Darfur, Sudan, Africa.	Lake Kundi	Sudan
country	Olempin (ɔˈlɛmpin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markuszów, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Olempin	Poland
country	Jasikan is a small town and is the capital of Jasikan district, a district in the Volta Region of Ghana.	Jasikan	Ghana
country	The National Gallery of Modern Art, Lagos (NGMA) is a major art gallery in Lagos, the largest city of Nigeria.	National Gallery of Modern Art, Lagos	Nigeria
country	Our Lady of Tinos (Greek: Παναγία Ευαγγελίστρια της Τήνου, Panagía Evangelístria tēs Tēnou, lit. ``The All-Holy Bringer of Good News'', and Μεγαλόχαρη της Τήνου, Megalócharē tēs Tēnou, lit. ``She of Great Grace'') is the major Marian shrine in Greece.	Our Lady of Tinos	Greece
country	The Roc de Chère National Nature Reserve is a major ecologic site in southeastern France.	Roc de Chère National Nature Reserve	France
country	The Ministry of Education, Research and Religious Affairs () is a government department of Greece.	Ministry of Education, Research and Religious Affairs	Greece
country	Plauen (German pronunciation: (ˈplaʊ̯ən)) is a town in the Free State of Saxony, east-central Germany.	Plauen	Germany
country	The Waalbrug is an arch bridge over the Waal River in Nijmegen, Gelderland, the Netherlands.	Waalbrug	Netherlands
country	Hesar Dar (Persian: حصاردار‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār Dār and Hassārdār) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hesar Dar	Iran
country	Gallo Record Company is the largest (and oldest independent) record label in South Africa.	Gallo Record Company	South Africa
country	Cantabria belongs to Green Spain, the name given to the strip of land between the Bay of Biscay and the Cantabrian Mountains, so called because of its particularly lush vegetation, due to the wet and moderate oceanic climate.	Cantabria	Spain
country	During British rule though most of the area around Modasa was under state of Idar, Modasa was under direct control of British government in India.	Modasa	India
country	The Kitchener River is a river of in the Otago region of New Zealand.	Kitchener River	New Zealand
country	Kollovoz (Albanian: Kollovoz, from Slavic kolovoz) is a village in the former Shishtavec municipality in Kukës County, Albania.	Kollovoz	Albania
country	San Juan Tecuaco (Spanish pronunciation: (saŋ ˈxwan teˈkwako)) is a municipality in the Santa Rosa department of Guatemala.	San Juan Tecuaco	Guatemala
country	Gijali-ye Pain (Persian: گيجالي پائين‎, also Romanized as Gījālī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Gījālī-ye Soflá) is a village in Valanjerd Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gijali-ye Pain	Iran
country	Gries Pass (2469 m.) (Italian: Passo del Gries, German: Griespass) is a mountain pass between Valais, Switzerland and Formazza, Italy.	Gries Pass	Switzerland	Italy
country	Al al-Bayt University, often abbreviated (AABU), is one of the public universities in Jordan.	Al al-Bayt University	Jordan
country	Yayva River (Russian: Яйва) is a river in Perm Krai, Russia, left tributary of Kama River.	Yayva River	Russia
country	Daskot (Bulgarian: Дъскот) is a Bulgarian village in Pavlikeni Municipality, Veliko Tarnovo Province in North Bulgaria.	Daskot	Bulgaria
country	Thomm is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, near Trier on the river Moselle.	Thomm	Germany
country	The Käsivarsi Wilderness Area (Finnish: Käsivarren erämaa-alue) is the second-largest wilderness reserve in Finland.	Käsivarsi Wilderness Area	Finland
country	Lapin Agile is a famous Montmartre cabaret, at 22 Rue des Saules, 18th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Lapin Agile	France
country	Kabudband (Persian: كبودبند‎, also Romanized as Kabūdband) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kabudband	Iran
country	Värmland County (Värmlands län) is a county or län in west central Sweden.	Värmland County	Sweden
country	Widerøe Flight 744, also known as the Namsos Accident (Norwegian: Namsos-ulykken), was a controlled flight into terrain of a de Havilland Canada DHC-6-300 Twin Otter during approach to Namsos Airport, Høknesøra in Norway.	Widerøe Flight 744	Norway
country	Walting is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria, Germany.	Walting	Germany
country	Wasilków (vaˈɕilkuf) is a town in north-eastern Poland, about 8 km north of Białystok, with 8,751 inhabitants (2004).	Wasilków	Poland
country	Adisham Hall, or Adisham Bungalow is a country house near Haputale, in the Badulla District, Sri Lanka.	Adisham Hall	Sri Lanka
country	The German Handball Association (German: Deutscher Handballbund) (DHB) is the national Handball association in Germany.	German Handball Association	Germany
country	Lake Toplitz (German: Toplitzsee) is a lake situated in a dense mountain forest high up in the Austrian Alps, 98 km (61 mi) from Salzburg in western Austria.	Lake Toplitz	Austria
country	Universidad de Falcón is a private university located in the city of Punto Fijo, Falcón State, Venezuela.	Universidad de Falcón	Venezuela
country	Pissila is a city of about 27,577 (2012 est.) in the province of Sanmatenga in Burkina Faso.	Pissila	Burkina Faso
country	Vanderbijlpark (Dutch pronunciation: (fɐndɛrbɛi̯lˈpɑːrk)) is an industrial city with 95 000 inhabitants on the Vaal River in the south of the Gauteng province of South Africa.	Vanderbijlpark	South Africa
country	Gornje Brezovo (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnjɛ ˈbɾeːzɔʋɔ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Gornje Brezovo	Slovenia
country	The Hamburg U-Bahn is a rapid transit system serving the cities of Hamburg, Norderstedt and Ahrensburg in Germany.	Hamburg U-Bahn	Germany
country	Qaleh-ye Juy (Persian: قلعه جوي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Jūy) is a village in Balesh Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 32, in 6 families.	Qaleh-ye Juy	Iran
country	Settlers Dam is situated outside Grahamstown, South Africa, east of the Kariega and Palmiet River's confluence.	Settlers Dam	South Africa
country	The Monte Catria is a mountain in the central Apennines, in the province of Pesaro e Urbino, Marche, central Italy.	Monte Catria	Italy
country	Costa Valle Imagna is a comune counting 620 inhabitants in the province of Bergamo, in Lombardy, Italy.	Costa Valle Imagna	Italy
country	The Vancouver Convention Centre (formerly known as the Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre, or VCEC), is a convention centre in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada; it is one of Canada's largest convention centres.	Vancouver Convention Centre	Canada
country	Fizik (Persian: فيزيك‎, also Romanized as Fīzīk; also known as Fezīk and Fīzak) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District, Qohestan District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fizik	Iran
country	Hingaia is a rural coastal suburb of Auckland, New Zealand.	Hingaia	New Zealand
country	The Las Mercedes Municipality is one of the 15 municipalities (municipios) that makes up the central Venezuelan state of Guárico and, according to a 2010 population estimate by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela, the municipality has a population of 31,825.	Las Mercedes Municipality	Venezuela
country	Qalilu (Persian: قليلو‎, also Romanized as Qalīlū) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qalilu	Iran
country	Gunwalloe (Cornish: Gwynnwalow) is a coastal civil parish and a village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Gunwalloe	United Kingdom
country	Hurleyville is a community in south Taranaki, in the western North Island of New Zealand.	Hurleyville	New Zealand
country	Kangasjärvi is a small clear lake in Isojoki, Finland.	Kangasjärvi	Finland
country	Rivne (Ukrainian: Рівне, Russian: Ровно; Polish: Równe) is a historic city in western Ukraine and the historical region of Volhynia.	Rivne	Ukraine
country	The Loop Live festival is a music festival in Bulgaria.	Loop Live	Bulgaria
country	Biadoliny Radłowskie (bjadɔˈlinɨ raˈdwɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojnicz, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Biadoliny Radłowskie	Poland
country	Bloemfontein High School (Afrikaans: Hoërskool Bloemfontein) is a secondary school in Bloemfontein, Free State, South Africa.	Bloemfontein High School	South Africa
country	The Rampe de Laffrey (sometimes called the descente de Laffrey or the côte de Laffrey) is a section of France's Route nationale 85, today called the Route Napoléon, located in the department of Isère between the communes of Laffrey and Vizille, about fifteen kilometers southeast of Grenoble.	Rampe de Laffrey	France
country	Gowd-e Asia (Persian: گوداسيا‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Āsīā) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Asia	Iran
country	Tell Zeitoun also called Tell Dnaibe, is an arcaheological site 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) southwest of Rashaya in Lebanon at an altitude of 900 metres (3,000 ft).	Tell Zeitoun	Lebanon
country	Retamim (Hebrew: רְתָמִים) is a kibbutz in the central Negev desert in southern Israel.	Retamim	Israel
country	Muurla (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈmuːrlɑ)) is a former municipality of Finland.	Muurla	Finland
country	Kimvula (or Kimbula) is a community in Lukaya District of Bas-Congo Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Kimvula	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Radojevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Радојево) is a village in Serbia.	Radojevo	Serbia
country	Spodnja Hrušica (pronounced (ˈspoːdnja ˈxɾuːʃitsa); in older sources also Dolenja Hrušica, German: Unterbirnbaum) is a formerly independent settlement southeast of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Spodnja Hrušica	Slovenia
country	Fitzherbert Park is a cricket ground in Palmerston North in New Zealand, a home ground of the Central Districts.	Fitzherbert Park	New Zealand
country	Delhi District Secondary School is a publicly funded high school that is located near downtown Delhi in Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada.	Delhi District Secondary School	Canada
country	Eriksholm Castle is a manor house located at the foot of the Isefjord inlet, 6 km south-east of Holbæk, in east Denmark.	Eriksholm Castle	Denmark
country	Nieciszów (ɲeˈt͡ɕiʂuf) (German: Netsche) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nieciszów	Poland
country	Singsaker is an area of Trondheim, Norway located north of Moholt, east of Gløshaugen, west of Tyholt and Rosenborg and south of Bakklandet.	Singsaker	Norway
country	Benghazi Military University Academy is a military academy in Benghazi in Libya.	Benghazi Military University Academy	Libya
country	The Alberta Wheat Pool was the first of Canada's wheat farmer co-operatives in 1923.	Alberta Wheat Pool	Canada
country	Ferzikovo (Russian: Фе́рзиково) is an urban locality (a settlement) and the administrative center of Ferzikovsky District of Kaluga Oblast, Russia, located 32 kilometers (20 mi) east of Kaluga and approximately 3 kilometers (1.9 mi) south of the Kaluga--	Ferzikovo	Russia
country	Bruce Purser Reserve is a sports facility in Kellyville, an outer suburb of Sydney, Australia.	Bruce Purser Reserve	Australia
country	Skyper is a building complex in the Bahnhofsviertel district of Frankfurt, Germany.	Skyper	Germany
country	Hanyang University is a private research university in South Korea.	Hanyang University	South Korea
country	Xanis (Pashto: خه نس‎) is a Kurdish village near Ain Sifni, شيخان in northern Iraq.	Xanis	Iraq
country	Gò Công Province was a former province of the former South Vietnam from 1924 till 1976.	Gò Công Province	Vietnam
country	The Episcopal Diocese of Texas is one of the dioceses of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.	Episcopal Diocese of Texas	United States of America
country	Castres Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Benoît de Castres), now the Roman Catholic church of Saint Benoît (Saint Benedict), is a historical religious building in Castres, Languedoc, France.	Castres Cathedral	France
country	Manam, known locally as Manam Motu, is an island located in the Bismarck Sea across the Stephan Strait from Yawar on the northeast coast of mainland Papua New Guinea's Bogia District.	Manam Motu	Papua New Guinea
country	Damsholte Church, the only Rococo village church in Denmark is to be found in the western part of the village close to the Marienborg Estate.	Damsholte	Denmark
country	Pope Palace (Latvian: Popes muižas pils) is a palace in Pope parish, an administrative unit of the Ventspils municipality in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.	Pope Palace	Latvia
country	Kolontár (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈkolontaːɾ)) is a village in Veszprém county, Hungary.	Kolontár	Hungary
country	Wilderman Medical Clinic is a multidisciplinary medical clinic located in Thornhill, Ontario, Canada.	Wilderman Medical Clinic	Canada
country	Polar Studios was a recording studio in Stockholm, Sweden, which operated from 1978 through 2004.	Polar Studios	Sweden
country	Potencjonów (pɔtɛnt͡sˈjɔnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Potencjonów	Poland
country	Bjorli (or Bjørli) is a village in Lesja municipality in Oppland, Norway that lies on the Rauma river near the western municipality border.	Bjorli	Norway
country	Juval Castle (German: Schloss Juval; Italian: Castel Juval (kaˈstɛl juˈval)) is a medieval castle located at the entrance of the Schnalstal, in the Vinschgau, above the village of Naturns in the comune of Kastelbell-Tschars at around 1000 meters above sea level, in South Tyrol, Italy.	Juval Castle	Italy
country	Kiev Central Bus Station (Ukrainian: Центральний автовокзал Києва) is the main and the largest bus station in Kiev, Ukraine.	Kiev Central Bus Station	Ukraine
country	Society and Defence (Swedish: Folk och Försvar) is a Swedish non-governmental organisation which acts as a forum for debate over defence and national security issues in Sweden.	Society and Defence	Sweden
country	The Mühleberg Nuclear Power Plant (German: Kernkraftwerk Mühleberg, KKM) is located in the Mühleberg municipality in the (Canton of Berne, Switzerland) north of the village of Mühleberg and near a hydroelectric plant.	Mühleberg Nuclear Power Plant	Switzerland
country	Jeløy Radio (Norwegian: Jeløy radio) is a radio station situated on the peninsula of Jeløya in Moss, Norway.	Jeløy Radio	Norway
country	The Nanyang Technological University Libraries consist of 8 libraries located within the Nanyang Technological University campus in Jurong, Singapore.	Nanyang Technological University Libraries	Singapore
country	Tsitika Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 18 km (11 mi) southeast of Telegraph Cove and 34 km (21 mi) northwest of Mount Abel.	Tsitika Mountain	Canada
country	Otoyol 53 (English: Motorway 53), abbreviated as O-53, also known as Ceyhan-İskenderun Otoyolu (English: Ceyhan-İskenderun Motorway), is a toll motorway in Mediterranean Region, Turkey, connecting the Adana-Şanlıurfa Motorway O-52 with İskenderun.	Otoyol 53	Turkey
country	Madliena Tower (Maltese: Torri tal-Madliena), originally known as Torre della Paulina, is a small watchtower in Madliena, limits of Pembroke, Malta.	Madliena Tower	Malta
country	Beltinci (pronounced (ˈbeːltintsi); Prekmurje Slovene: Böltinci, Hungarian: Belatinc or Belatincz, German: (Alt)Fellsdorf) is a town in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Beltinci	Slovenia
country	Lago del Barbellino Naturale is a lake in the municipality of Valbondione, Lombardy, Italy.	Lago del Barbellino Naturale	Italy
country	Sirdaryo also spelled as Syrdarya (Uzbek: Sirdaryo / Сирдарё; Russian: Сырдарья) is a city in Sirdaryo Region of Uzbekistan.	Sirdaryo	Uzbekistan
country	The Schwalmis is a mountain of the Urner Alps, overlooking Lake Lucerne in Central Switzerland.	Schwalmis	Switzerland
country	Wólka Łęczeszycka (ˈvulka wɛnt͡ʂɛˈʂɨt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Łęczeszycka	Poland
country	The Cholfirst Tunnel is a tunnel in Switzerland.	Cholfirst Tunnel	Switzerland
country	Baegambong (백암봉) is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do, western South Korea.	Baegambong	South Korea
country	Olukonda is a settlement in the Oshikoto Region in the north of Namibia.	Olukonda	Namibia
country	Star Aviation is an airline based at Hassi Messaoud, Algeria.	Star Aviation	Algeria
country	The Signalkuppe (in German, pronounced seen-yall-koo-pay) also known as Punta Gnifetti (in Italian) (4,554 m) is a peak in the Pennine Alps on the border between Italy and Switzerland.	Signalkuppe	Italy	Switzerland
country	Kurunegala (Sinhalese: කුරුණෑගල, Tamil: குருணாகல்) is a major city in Sri Lanka.	Kurunegala	Sri Lanka
country	Sibay Airport (ICAO: UWUA) is an airport in Russia located 5 km east of Sibay.	Sibay Airport	Russia
country	Engwiller (German: Engweiler) is a commune, in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Engwiller	France
country	Glostrup was a station on the new railway, Denmark's first, which opened between Copenhagen and Roskilde.	Glostrup	Denmark
country	Khiprianwala Island is a small island located in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Khiprianwala Island	Pakistan
country	Khreshchatyk (Ukrainian: Хрещатик, Khreshchatyk;) is the main street of Kiev, Ukraine.	Khreshchatyk	Ukraine
country	Shurok-e Hajji (Persian: شورك حاجي‎, also Romanized as Shūrok-e Ḩājjī, Shūrak-e Hājī, Shūrak-e Ḩājjī, and Shūrak Hājī) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shurok-e Hajji	Iran
country	Praia do Xai-Xai is a beach which is a tourist destination in Mozambique.	Praia do Xai-Xai	Mozambique
country	Pluskota (plusˈkɔta) (German: Stadtmühl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pluskota	Poland
country	The Beaten Track Brewery is an Australian brewery, located in the city of Kalgoorlie-Boulder, in the heart of the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.	Beaten Track Brewery	Australia
country	Barrow Strait is a shipping waterway in Northern Canada's territory of Nunavut.	Barrow Strait	Canada
country	Krivo Brdo (pronounced (ˈkɾiːʋɔ ˈbəɾdɔ); German: Kriv) is a small settlement in the hills between the valleys of the Poljane Sora and Selca Sora rivers in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Krivo Brdo	Slovenia
country	Arshaly (Russian: Аршалы) is a settlement in northern-central Kazakhstan.	Arshaly	Kazakhstan
country	Falealupo is a village in Samoa situated at the west end of Savai'i island 20 miles (32 km) from the International Date Line used until December 29, 2011.	Falealupo	Samoa
country	Bilorichenska coal mine (Ukrainian: Шахта ``Білоріченська'') ranks among the biggest companies of Ukraine.	Bilorichenska coal mine	Ukraine
country	Chojewo-Kolonia (xɔˈjɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Chojewo-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Stuart Highway is one of Australia's major highways.	Stuart Highway	Australia
country	Takestan-e Sadrabad (Persian: تاكستان صدراباد‎, also Romanized as Tākestān-e Şadrābād) is a village in Zarqan Rural District, Zarqan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Takestan-e Sadrabad	Iran
country	Stäketskogen Nature Reserve (Swedish: Stäketskogens naturreservat) is a nature reserve in Upplands-Bro Municipality, Stockholm County in Sweden.	Stäketskogen Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	Inhyeon-dong is a legal dong, or neighbourhood of the Jung-gu district in Seoul, South Korea and governed by its administrative dongs, Gwanghui-dong and Euljiro 3, 4, 5ga-dong.	Inhyeon-dong	South Korea
country	Grønvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Skjåk in Oppland county, Norway, within the mountain range Tafjordfjella.	Grønvatnet	Norway
country	Tierradentro is a National archeological park in the jurisdiction of the municipality of Inza, Department of Cauca, Colombia.	Tierradentro	Colombia
country	Chawa is a very old village in Bhalwal Tehsil near the town of Bhera, Sargodha District, Pakistan.	Chawa	Pakistan
country	Stárkov (German: Starkstadt) is a town in the Czech Republic in the district of Nachod.	Stárkov	Czech Republic
country	Hornbækbukta is a bay at the southeastern side of Jan Mayen, Norway.	Hornbækbukta	Norway
country	Haçaqaya (also, Achakaya) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Haçaqaya	Azerbaijan
country	Studholme College is a residential college of the University of Otago in Dunedin, New Zealand, situated on Clyde Street, a few minutes walk northeast of the university.	Studholme College	New Zealand
country	Ghabaghib (Arabic: غباغب‎ Ğabāğib; also spelled Ghabagheb) is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Daraa Governorate, located north of Daraa.	Ghabaghib	Syria
country	The Queenscliff Low Light, also known as the Queenscliff White Lighthouse, is a lighthouse in the township of Queenscliff in the Borough of Queenscliffe, Victoria, Australia, at the eastern end of the Bellarine Peninsula.	Queenscliff Low Light	Australia
country	Cirkovljan (Hungarian: Drávaegyház) is a village in Međimurje County, Croatia.	Cirkovljan	Croatia
country	Dumitra (German: Mettersdorf; Hungarian: Nagydemeter) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania.	Dumitra	Romania
country	Shaba National Reserve is a protected area in northern Kenya to the east of the Samburu and Buffalo Springs national reserves.	Shaba National Reserve	Kenya
country	The Naval Museum of Montevideo (Spanish: Museo Naval de Montevideo) is located in the Pocitos neighbourhood, Montevideo, Uruguay.	Naval Museum of Montevideo	Uruguay
country	Certeze (German: Neudorf; Hungarian: Avasújfalu, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɒvɒʃuːjfɒlu)) is a commune of 5,560 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Romania.	Certeze	Romania
country	Saskatchewan International Raceway, also known as SIR, is a drag racing facility located 13 kilometers south of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Saskatchewan International Raceway	Canada
country	Munkbrohamnen (Swedish: ``Monk's Bridge Harbour'') is a quay and a footway passing along the western waterfront of Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Munkbrohamnen	Sweden
country	Birrong Girls High School is a public girls high school in Sydney's Birrong suburb in Australia.	Birrong Girls High School	Australia
country	The Pamir National Park (also known as Pamersky, Pamirsky or Tajik National Park) is a national park and nature reserve in eastern Tajikistan.	Pamir National Park	Tajikistan
country	Cueva de los Casares is a cave in Riba de Saelices in Guadalajara, Spain.	Cueva de los Casares	Spain
country	Sultan of Selangor is the title of the constitutional ruler of Selangor, Malaysia.	Sultan of Selangor	Malaysia
country	The Mediene is the name given to all the Jewish kehillot in the Netherlands outside of the capital Amsterdam, the historical center of Dutch Judaism.	Mediene	Netherlands
country	Pisia (Greek: Πίσια) is a village and a community in northeastern Corinthia, Greece.	Pisia	Greece
country	Hafragilsfoss is a waterfall in Iceland.	Hafragilsfoss	Iceland
country	Murisipán-tepui, also spelled Murosipán or Murochiopán, is one of the four main tepuis of the Los Testigos chain in Bolívar, Venezuela.	Murisipán-tepui	Venezuela
country	Eskihüsnümansur, Adıyaman is a village in the District of Adıyaman, Adıyaman Province, Turkey.	Eskihüsnümansur, Adıyaman	Turkey
country	Aşağı Ağcakənd (also, Ashagi Agchakand, Ashagy Agdzhakend, Nerkishen, Nizhniy Agdzhakend, Novo Agdzhakend, Shahoumian, Shahumyan, Shaumyan, and Shaumyanovsk) is a village in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Ağcakənd	Azerbaijan
country	Oppdal Airport, Fagerhaug (Norwegian: Oppdal flyplass, Fagerhaug; ICAO: ENOP) is an airport serving Oppdal, in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Oppdal Airport, Fagerhaug	Norway
country	Fernana is a town and commune in the Jendouba Governorate about 170 km from Tunis, Tunisia.	Fernana	Tunisia
country	Colonia Vista Alegre is a colonia in the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City just south of the city's historic center.	Colonia Vista Alegre	Mexico
country	Pachatusan (Quechua pacha earth, tusa, a prop to support a wall or building, pachatusa prop of the earth, -n a suffix) is a mountain northeast of the city of Cusco in the Andes of Peru, about 4,842 metres (15,886 ft) high.	Pachatusan	Peru
country	The Munttoren (``Coin Tower'') or Munt is a tower in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	Munttoren	Netherlands
country	The Governor of Kiev Oblast (Ukrainian: Губернатор Київської області, Hubernator Kyivs’koi oblasti) or officially, the Chairman of the Kiev Oblast State Administration (Ukrainian: Голова Київської обласної державної адміністрації, Holova Kyiv’skoi oblasnoi derzhavnoi administratsii) is the chairman of the executive branch of Kiev Oblast, a province in northern Ukraine.	Governor of Kiev Oblast	Ukraine
country	Wermelskirchen is a town in the Rheinisch-Bergischer Kreis, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, southeast of Remscheid.	Wermelskirchen	Germany
country	Oliver Cove Marine Provincial Park, also known as Port Blackney, is a provincial park at the southwest end of if the Don Peninsula on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Oliver Cove Marine Provincial Park	Canada
country	Oktyabrsk (Russian: Октябрьск) is a town in Samara Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Volga River (Saratov Reservoir), 154 kilometers (96 mi) from Samara.	Oktyabrsk	Russia
country	Velobike (Russian: Велобайк) is a bicycle sharing system run by the city of Moscow, Russia.	Velobike	Russia
country	Gobi Gurvansaikhan National Park (Mongolian: Говь гурван сайхан байгалийн цогцолбор газар, Gobi three beauties nature complex) is a national park in southern Mongolia.	Gobi Gurvansaikhan National Park	Mongolia
country	Amirabad-e Panjahopanj (Persian: اميراباد55‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Panjahopanj) is a village in Sarvestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Amirabad-e Panjahopanj	Iran
country	The Datsan Gunzechoinei is a large Buddhist temple in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Datsan Gunzechoinei	Russia
country	The Roazhon Park, until 2015 named Stade de la Route de Lorient, is a football stadium in Rennes, Brittany, France.	Roazhon Park	France
country	Froebel College of Education was one of five colleges in Ireland which is recognized by the Department of Education and Skills for the training and education of national school teachers.	Froebel College of Education	Ireland
country	Fort Assiniboine is a hamlet in northwest Alberta, Canada, within Woodlands County.	Fort Assiniboine	Canada
country	Vlahinje (Serbian: Влахиње) is a village in the municipality of Breza, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vlahinje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Lac du Bonnet, Manitoba is a town in Manitoba, Canada located 115 kilometres (71 mi) northeast of Winnipeg on the west shore of the Winnipeg River.	Lac du Bonnet, Manitoba	Canada
country	Csonkamindszent (Croatian: Senta) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.	Csonkamindszent	Hungary
country	Anandalok Hospital (Hindi : आनंदलोक अस्पताल ) is non-profit multi-specialty hospital located in Sector - II, Block - DK of Salt Lake City, Kolkata, India.	Anandalok Hospital	India
country	Cusco Province is the smallest of thirteen provinces in the Cusco Region in the southern highlands of Peru.	Cusco Province	Peru
country	The City Bus Station, also called the Civic Bus Interchange, is located in Canberra, Australia and services the central Canberra and Gungahlin areas.	City Bus Station	Australia
country	Afula Illit Stadium (Hebrew: איצטדיון עפולה עילית‎, Itztadion Afula Illit), is a football stadium in Afula, Israel.	Afula Illit Stadium	Israel
country	Litvínov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlɪtviːnof); German: Leutensdorf) is a town in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Litvínov	Czech Republic
country	Diego Martin is an urban commercial center and capital city of the Diego Martin Region in Trinidad and Tobago.	Diego Martin	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Banksia Hill Juvenile Detention Centre is an Australian juvenile prison facility for offenders aged 10--18 years, located at Canning Vale, Western Australia.	Banksia Hill Juvenile Detention Centre	Australia
country	Mohri Sharif (Urdu موہری شریف) is a village in Tehsil Kharian, in the Gujrat District of Punjab, Pakistan.	Mohri Sharif	Pakistan
country	Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst was a county in northeastern Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst	Germany
country	Sagsai (Mongolian: Сагсай) is a sum (district) of Bayan-Ölgii Province in western Mongolia.	Sagsai	Mongolia
country	Givat Haim (Ihud) (Hebrew: גבעת חיים (איחוד)‎, lit. the hill of life (Khaim's Hill) (Union)) is a kibbutz near Hadera in Israel.	Givat Haim (Ihud)	Israel
country	The National Change Union (Unión del Cambio Nacional) is a right-wing political party in Guatemala.	National Change Union	Guatemala
country	Barda Balka is an archeological site near the Little Zab and Chamchamal in the north of modern-day Iraq.	Barda Balka	Iraq
country	Achaea (/əˈkiːə/) or Achaia (/əˈkaɪə/), sometimes transliterated from Greek as Akhaïa (Greek: Αχαΐα Achaïa, (axaˈia)), is one of the regional units of Greece.	Achaea	Greece
country	The Auckland Northern Motorway (known locally as the Northern Motorway, and historically as the Auckland--Waiwera Motorway) in the Auckland Region of New Zealand links central Auckland City and Puhoi in the former Rodney District via the Hibiscus Coast and North Shore.	Auckland Northern Motorway	New Zealand
country	Khvosh Qadam (Persian: خوش قدم‎, also Romanized as Khowsh Qadam and Khūsh Qadam) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Khvosh Qadam	Iran
country	The Gau Westphalia-North (German: Gau Westfalen-Nord) was an administrative division of Nazi Germany encompassing the Free State of Lippe, Free State of Schaumburg-Lippe and the northern half of the Prussian province of Westphalia between 1933 and 1945.	Gau Westphalia-North	Germany
country	Starhotels Anderson is a 4 star hotel located next to the central station in Milan, Italy, owned by the Starhotels group.	Starhotels Anderson	Italy
country	Xavier Institute of Social Service (XISS) (Hindi: जेवियर समाज सेवा संस्थान (एक्सआईएसएस)) is a Jesuit-run business school in Ranchi, India.	Xavier Institute of Social Service	India
country	Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District (Persian: دهستان بمپورشرقي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bampur County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District	Iran
country	The Kraków Zoo is located in Kraków, Poland and was established in 1929.	Kraków Zoo	Poland
country	Zozu is an alcoholic beverage similar to a beer and locally made by the Zomi (the Zo people), in northwestern Myanmar (Chin State, Myanmar).	Zozu	Myanmar
country	Jadh Ganga, (Hindi: जाध गंगा) also called Jahnavi River is a tributary of Bhagirathi in Uttarakhand state of India.	Jadh Ganga	India
country	Sagarpara is a Small town in Jalangi subdivision of Murshidabad district in the India .	Sagarpara	India
country	Limketkai Center is a mixed-use development in Cagayan de Oro City, Philippines.	Limketkai Center	Philippines
country	Pusté Žibřidovice (German: Wüst Seibersdorf ) is a village in the Šumperk District in Olomouc Region of Czech Republic.	Pusté Žibřidovice	Czech Republic
country	Of the ten cantons comprising the Federation of Bosnia Herzegovina, Herzegovina-Neretva Canton is one of two cantons, the other being the Central Bosnia Canton, which have an ethnically mixed population of Bosniak and Croat peoples.	Herzegovina-Neretva Canton	Bosnia Herzegovina
country	The Dagger Complex is a US military base in Darmstadt (Germany), close to Griesheim.	Dagger Complex	Germany
country	The Papaloteca River is a river whose mouth runs through Nueva Armenia, in Honduras, flowing into the Caribbean Sea.	Papaloteca River	Honduras
country	Episcopal Diocese of Milwaukee, originally the Diocese of Wisconsin is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America located in the southern area of Wisconsin.	Episcopal Diocese of Milwaukee	United States of America
country	Równianki (ruvˈɲaŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Równianki	Poland
country	Dodanovići (Serbian Cyrillic: Додановићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dodanovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	University Institute of Technology RGPV, popularly known as UIT RGPV or UIT RGTU, is a public institution located in Bhopal, India.	University Institute of Technology	India
country	Kenton-on-Sea, more commonly known as Kenton, is a small coastal town on the Sunshine Coast, in the Eastern Cape of South Africa.	Kenton-on-Sea	South Africa
country	Yastrebna (Bulgarian: Ястребна) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of the Sitovo Municipality, Silistra Province.	Yastrebna	Bulgaria
country	Singo is a village in the far north of Ivory Coast.	Singo	Ivory Coast
country	Wola Szkucka (ˈvɔla ˈʂkut͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wola Szkucka	Poland
country	Gildone is a hill town and comune in the province of Campobasso, in the Molise region (southern Italy).	Gildone	Italy
country	Berle Church (Norwegian: Berle kyrkje) is a local church community center (arbeidskyrkje) in the village of Berle in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Berle Church	Norway
country	Turnbull Field was an aerodrome near Gili Gili, Papua New Guinea.	Turnbull Field	Papua New Guinea
country	Parakal is a family name and a Kerala in Kottayam district in the state of Kerala in India.	Parakal	India
country	Hakea laurina is a plant of Southwest Australia that is widely cultivated and admired.	Hakea laurina	Australia
country	Skåtøy Church (or Skåtøy kirke in Norwegian) is a church on Skåtøy, an island in the skerries outside the town of Kragerø, Norway.	Skåtøy Church	Norway
country	Sakteng is a town in Trashigang District in far eastern Bhutan.	Sakteng	Bhutan
country	Brezno ( pronunciation ; 1927 - 1948 Brezno nad Hronom, German: Bries or Briesen, Hungarian: Breznóbánya) is a town in central Slovakia, with a population of 21,534 (2013).	Brezno	Slovakia
country	The Aceh Tsunami Museum, located in Banda Aceh, Indonesia, is a museum designed as a symbolic reminder of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami disaster, as well as an educational center and an emergency disaster shelter in case the area is ever hit by a tsunami again.	Aceh Tsunami Museum	Indonesia
country	Wang Tau Hom Estate (Chinese: 橫頭磡邨) is a public housing estate in Wang Tau Hom, Wong Tai Sin, Kowloon, Hong Kong, along Lung Cheung Road and next to Lok Fu.	Wang Tau Hom Estate	Hong Kong
country	Long Grove Hospital, formerly Long Grove Asylum was a mental hospital, part of the Epsom Cluster of hospitals in Epsom, Surrey in the United Kingdom.	Long Grove Hospital	United Kingdom
country	Susendal Church (Norwegian: Susendal kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county, Norway.	Susendal Church	Norway
country	Mendaro is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Mendaro	Spain
country	Braga Street (official name in Indonesian: Jalan Braga) is a small street in the center of Bandung, Indonesia, which was famous in the 1920s as a promenade street.	Braga Street	Indonesia
country	Voslapp Range Rear Light (German: Voslapp Oberfeuer) is an active lighthouse and range light in Voslapp, state of Lower Saxony, Germany.	Voslapp Range Rear Light	Germany
country	Mount Eccles is an inactive volcano in southwestern Victoria, Australia near Macarthur.	Mount Eccles	Australia
country	Paama (Paama language: Voum) is a small island in the Malampa Province, Vanuatu.	Paama	Vanuatu
country	The Bibliothèque Méjanes is a municipal library in Aix-en-Provence, France.	Bibliothèque Méjanes	France
country	Die Presse is a German language daily broadsheet newspaper based in Vienna, Austria.	Die Presse	Austria
country	The Tarnak River is a river of Ghazni, Zabul and Kandahar provinces of Afghanistan.	Tarnak River	Afghanistan
country	Newfoundland and Labrador Route 350, commonly known as The Botwood Highway is a side highway in Central Newfoundland that leads from the Trans-Canada Highway near Bishop's Falls and Grand Falls-Windsor to Botwood, Newfoundland and Labrador and Point Leamington.	Newfoundland and Labrador Route 3	Canada
country	Torre Sant Sebastià is a 78 metre tall free standing lattice tower in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain which is used as a suspension cable station.	Torre Sant Sebastià	Spain
country	Tazeh Kand District (Persian: بخش تازه‌کند‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand District	Iran
country	Tai Po Sam Yuk Secondary School (``TPSY'' Chinese: 大埔三育中學) is a co-educational Christian secondary school, located in Tai Po, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Tai Po Sam Yuk Secondary School	Hong Kong
country	Heimaey stave church is a close replica of Haltdalen stave church situated in the Skansinn area of the harbour of Vestmannaeyjabær on Heimaey, Vestmannaeyjar, Iceland.	Heimaey stave church	Iceland
country	Nea Vyssa (Greek: Νέα Βύσσα) is a village in the northeastern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece.	Nea Vyssa	Greece
country	The Lindsay Post was a newspaper in Lindsay, Ontario, Canada, that was established as The Canadian Post in 1857 in Beaverton before being moved to Lindsay in 1861.	The Lindsay Post	Canada
country	Elected in the Tamil Nadu state assembly election, 2011, M.V.Karuppaih of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam represents Sholavandan in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly.	Sholavandan	India
country	Papallacta is a small village in Napo Province, Ecuador located at an altitude of 3,300 m in the Andes just off the Eastern Cordilleras on the road from Quito which leads into the Amazon jungle.	Papallacta	Ecuador
country	Byumba Province was one of the 12 former provinces (intara) of Rwanda and was situated in the north of the country, sharing a border with Uganda.	Byumba Province	Rwanda
country	Słubica-Wieś (swuˈbit͡sa ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Słubica-Wieś	Poland
country	Kuh Hamayi Rural District (Persian: دهستان كوه همائي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kuh Hamayi Rural District	Iran
country	The Holy Trinity Cathedral Church (Sialkot Cathedral) is located in Sialkot Pakistan.	Sialkot Cathedral	Pakistan
country	Termoli (Molisano: Térmle) is a town and comune (municipality) on the Adriatic coast of Italy, in the province of Campobasso, region of Molise.	Termoli	Italy
country	The Zobor Abbey was a Benedictine monastery established at Zobor (today part of Nitra, Slovakia) in the Kingdom of Hungary.	Zobor Abbey	Slovakia
country	Heridun-e Zirkal (Persian: هريدون زيركل‎, also Romanized as Herīdūn-e Zīrkal; also known as Herīdūn) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Heridun-e Zirkal	Iran
country	Tarchały Małe (tarˈxawɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odolanów, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tarchały Małe	Poland
country	Moyale Airport (IATA: OYL, ICAO: HKMY), also referred to as Moyale Lower Airport, is an airport located in the town of Moyale, Marsabit County, in the northern part of the Republic of Kenya, at the international border with Ethiopia.	Moyale Airport	Kenya
country	Phrae (Thai: แพร่; pronounced (pʰrɛ̂ː)) is a town (thesaban mueang) in northern Thailand, capital of Phrae Province.	Phrae	Thailand
country	Norwegian County Road 63 (Norwegian: Fylkesvei 63 or Fv63) is a Norwegian county road in Møre og Romsdal county and a very small part in Oppland county, Norway.	Norwegian County Road 63	Norway
country	Harmanecká Cave or Harmanec Cave (Slovak: Harmanecká jaskyňa, Hungarian: Hermándi barlang) is a stalactite cave in Central Slovakia.	Harmanecká Cave	Slovakia
country	The Rizal Memorial Track and Football Stadium, simply known as the Rizal Memorial Stadium since it is the main stadium within the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex, is the national stadium of the Philippines.	Rizal Memorial Stadium	Philippines
country	The Yangon Zoological Gardens (Yangon Zoo) (Burmese: ရန်ကုန် တိရိစ္ဆာန် ဥယျာဉ် (jàɴɡòʊɴ təɹeɪʔsʰàɴ ʔṵjɪ̀ɴ)) is the oldest and the second largest zoo in Myanmar.	Yangon Zoological Gardens	Myanmar
country	The United Kingdom Census 2011, reflecting the local authority's expansion of the ward, at a high degree of precision split a new version of Sheerwater in two between local authority 'super output areas' 004E and 004F, the north-west and south-east respectively.	Sheerwater	United Kingdom
country	Pukamuqu (Quechua, puka red, muqu hill / joint, ``red hill'') is a mountain in Peru.	Pukamuqu	Peru
country	Mtwara (Portuguese: Montewara) is the capital city of Mtwara Region in southeastern Tanzania.	Mtwara	Tanzania
country	Quilicura (/kɪliˈkʊərə/ KIL-i-KOOR-ə; Spanish pronunciation: (kiliˈkuɾa)) is a commune of Chile located in capital Santiago.	Quilicura	Chile
country	Fort des Hautes Perches was built between 1874 and 1877 in Danjoutin and Belfort in northeastern France.	Fort des Hautes Perches	France
country	The Unterelbe or, in English usually the Lower Elbe, refers to the lower reaches of the river Elbe in Germany influenced by the tides.	Unterelbe	Germany
country	Viby J (or just Viby) is a former town and now a district, in the southwestern part of Aarhus in Denmark.	Viby J	Denmark
country	Longueuil (/lɒŋˈɡeɪl/; French: (lɔ̃ɡœj)) is a city in the province of Quebec, Canada.	Longueuil	Canada
country	Manufactum GmbH & Co. KG (formerly Manufactum Hoof & Partner KG) is a German retailer with nine full-sized stores in Germany and an online store that serves primarily Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and the UK.	Manufactum	Germany
country	Rigomane is a town in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	Rigomane	Somalia
country	Mıxlıqovaq (also, Mykhlykovag, Mykhlykuvak, and Mykhlykuvakh) is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mıxlıqovaq	Azerbaijan
country	Jaurrieta or Eaurta is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Jaurrieta	Spain
country	Ruotsinpyhtää (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈruotsimˌpyhtæː); Swedish: Strömfors) is a former municipality of Finland.	Ruotsinpyhtää	Finland
country	Dorida (Greek: Δωρίδα) is a municipality in the Phocis regional unit, Central Greece, Greece.	Dorida	Greece
country	Panj Hezari (Persian: پنجهزاري‎, also Romanized as Panj Hezārī) is a village in Faravan Rural District, Kohanabad District, Aradan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Panj Hezari	Iran
country	Talodi is a small town in the Nuba Mountains, and a district of South Kordofan state, in southern Sudan.	Talodi	Sudan
country	Bencoolen Street (Chinese: 明古连街; pinyin: Mínggǔlián Jiē, Malay: Lebuh Bengkulu) is a street in Central, Singapore that starts at the junction of Rochor Road and Jalan Besar and ends at the junction of Fort Canning Road, Stamford Road and Orchard Road.	Bencoolen Street	Singapore
country	Kisoroszi is a village on Szentendre Island in Pest county, Budapest metropolitan area, Hungary.	Kisoroszi	Hungary
country	Red Bennies has been credited to giving rise to the new wave of burlesque culture which permeated throughout Melbourne and Australia at the end of the 2000s.	Red Bennies	Australia
country	Plaza de toros de Quito is a bull ring in Quito, Ecuador.	Plaza de toros de Quito	Ecuador
country	Te Kura Kaupapa Māori o Nga Taonga Tuturu ki Tokomaru is a Kura Kaupapa Māori primary school located in Tokomaru Bay, New Zealand.	Te Kura Kaupapa Māori o Nga Taonga Tuturu ki Tokomaru	New Zealand
country	Cieśnisk Wielki (ˈt͡ɕɛɕnisk ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Cieśnisk Wielki	Poland
country	The East Coast Parkway (Abbreviation: ECP) is an expressway that runs along the southeastern coast of Singapore.	East Coast Parkway	Singapore
country	The Popigai crater (or astrobleme) in Siberia, Russia is tied with the Manicouagan Crater as the fourth largest verified impact crater on Earth.	Popigai crater	Russia
country	Ainalu (Persian: اينلو‎, also Romanized as Aīnalū and Īnalū; also known as Anili and Anīlū) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District, Hir District, Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Ainalu	Iran
country	The Fountain of the Mermaid of Lleida is a fountain located in the Parc des Champs Elysees in Lleida, Catalonia, Spain.	Fountain of the Mermaid of Lleida	Spain
country	Badalona (Catalan pronunciation: (bəðəˈɫonə)) is a city in eastern Catalonia, Spain.	Badalona	Spain
country	Massif des Brasses is a mid-sized ski area in the Haute-Savoie region of France.	Massif des Brasses	France
country	Rameh (Arabic: الرامة‎; Hebrew: רָמָה; also ar-Rame or ar-Rama) is an Arab town in the North District of Israel.	Rameh	Israel
country	The Tour Tanguy, Bastille de Quilbignon or Tour de la Motte Tanguy is a medieval tower on a rocky motte beside the Penfeld river in Brest, France.	Tour Tanguy	France
country	Gammel Estrup Manor (Danish: Gammel Estrup) is a red-brick Renaissance manor house some 20 km (12 mi) east of Randers in Jutland, Denmark.	Gammel Estrup Manor	Denmark
country	Vuelta Abajo (or Vueltabajo, literally: The lower roundtrip) is a geographic region in the Pinar del Río Province of Cuba.	Vuelta Abajo	Cuba
country	Dakoro is a town and commune located in the Maradi Region of Niger.	Dakoro	Niger
country	Rakek (pronounced (ˈɾaːkək); Italian: Recchio) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Rakek	Slovenia
country	Observatoire Astronomique de Mont-Soleil is an astronomical observatory located on Mont-Soleil, above Saint-Imier in the Canton of Berne, Switzerland.	Observatoire Astronomique de Mont-Soleil	Switzerland
country	Alzheimer's Research UK is the United Kingdom's leading dementia research charity, founded in 1992 as the Alzheimer's Research Trust.	Alzheimer's Research UK	United Kingdom
country	EB v Order of the Oblates of Mary Immaculate in the Province of British Columbia, (2005) 3 SCR 45; 2005 SCC 60 is a leading case decided by the Supreme Court of Canada on vicarious liability in employment law and on the application of Bazley v Curry.	EB v Order of the Oblates of Mary Immaculate in the Province of British Columbia	Canada
country	Sucha Beskidzka (ˈsuxa bɛsˈkʲit͡ska) (before 1961 called only Sucha) is a town in the Beskid Żywiecki mountain range in southern Poland, on the Skawa river.	Sucha Beskidzka	Poland
country	Buota is a settlement on the island of Tarawa, Kiribati.	Buota	Kiribati
country	Inuvik/Shell Lake Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CEE3) is located 5 nautical miles (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) south-southeast of Inuvik, Northwest Territories, Canada and is open from June until September.	Inuvik/Shell Lake Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Horný Lieskov (Hungarian: Felsőmogyoród) is a village and municipality in Považská Bystrica District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Horný Lieskov	Slovakia
country	The Doberan Minster is the main Lutheran Church of Bad Doberan in Mecklenburg, Germany.	Doberan Minster	Germany
country	The Shalun Line (Chinese: 沙崙線; pinyin: Shālún xiàn) is a branch line of the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line in Tainan City, Taiwan.	Shalun Line	Taiwan
country	Gorce National Park (Polish: Gorczański Park Narodowy) is a national park in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Gorce National Park	Poland
country	Motijheel Government Boys' High School (Bengali: মতিঝিল সরকারি বালক উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়), or Central Government School, is a school in Bangladesh.	Motijheel Government Boys' High School	Bangladesh
country	Charles Edward Fulford (1870--1906) and Ernest Albert Gilbert (1875--1905) first sold Bile Beans in Australia in late 1897, marketed as ``Gould's Bile Beans''.	Bile Beans	Australia
country	La Chinita International Airport (IATA: MAR, ICAO: SVMC) is at Maracaibo, Venezuela.	La Chinita International Airport	Venezuela
country	Kim Sơn ( listen) is a commune, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam.	Kim Sơn	Vietnam
country	Besovets (Russian: Бесовец; Finnish: Pesoutsa) is a rural locality (a village) in Prionezhsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia.	Besovets	Russia
country	The Autovía AG-64 (also known as Autovía Ferrol - Vilalba) is a local autovía in Galicia, Spain.	Autovía AG-64	Spain
country	Noshur-e Vosta (Persian: نشوروسطي‎, also Romanized as Noshūr-e Vosţá; also known as Nūshūr and Tappeh) is a village in Avalan Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Noshur-e Vosta	Iran
country	Gavkan-e Bagh (Persian: گاوكان باغ‎, also Romanized as Gāvkān-e Bāgh; also known as Gāvkān Bālā) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gavkan-e Bagh	Iran
country	Neve Ziv (Hebrew: נְוֵה זִיו, lit. Brightness Home), also known as Ziv HaGalil (Hebrew: זִיו הַגָּלִיל, lit. Brightness of the Galilee) is a communal settlement in northern Israel.	Neve Ziv	Israel
country	With the obvious exception of Croke Park, Fraher Field has been the venue for more all-Ireland senior hurling finals than any other venue, having hosted the 1903, 1905, 1907 and 1911 deciders.	Fraher Field	Ireland
country	The Rodovia Estrada do Coco and Linha Verde, (BA-099), is a state highway which runs through the northeastern part of the state of Bahia and southeastern region of the state of Sergipe in Brazil.	BA-099	Brazil
country	Chafdar (Persian: چفدر‎; also known as Chaghdar) is a village in Agahan Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chafdar	Iran
country	The Ngatiawa River is a river on the Kapiti Coast of New Zealand's North Island that is a major tributary of the Waikanae River.	Ngatiawa River	New Zealand
country	Tagoloan River is the 13th largest river system in the Philippines in terms of watershed size, as classified by the National Water Resources Board.	Tagoloan River	Philippines
country	Wysokie Laski (vɨˈsɔkʲɛ ˈlaski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Wysokie Laski	Poland
country	Gare de Seugy is a railway station in Seugy, Val d'Oise department, France.	Gare de Seugy	France
country	Płociczno-Tartak (pwɔˈt͡ɕit͡ʂnɔ ˈtartak) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Płociczno-Tartak	Poland
country	Quảng Xuyên is former district of South Vietnam.	Quảng Xuyên	Vietnam
country	Altagracia (Spanish pronunciation: (altaˈɣɾasja)) is a municipality in the Rivas Department of Nicaragua.	Altagracia	Nicaragua
country	Pharos University in Alexandria (PUA) جامعة فاروس بالإسكندرية is a non-governmental and profit making university in Alexandria, Egypt.	Pharos University in Alexandria	Egypt
country	Des Rapides Park (French: Parc des Rapides) is an urban park in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Des Rapides Park	Canada
country	The Brennilis Nuclear Power Plant is a decommissioned site located in the Monts d'Arrée in the commune of Brennilis in Finistère, France.	Brennilis Nuclear Power Plant	France
country	Aroche (Arouche, in Portuguese) is a town and municipality located in the province of Huelva, Spain.	Aroche	Spain
country	The Alytus Arena is a universal indoor arena in Alytus, Lithuania.	Alytus Arena	Lithuania
country	Qeshlaq-e Hameh Kasi (Persian: قشلاق همه كسي‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Hameh Kasī; also known as Gheshlaghé Hamehkasi and Qeshlāq) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Hameh Kasi	Iran
country	Taleh Zar-e Sofla (Persian: طلعه زارسفلي‎, also Romanized as Ţalʿeh Zār-e Soflá) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Taleh Zar-e Sofla	Iran
country	Bratislavci (pronounced (ˈbɾaːtislau̯tsi)) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Dornava in northeastern Slovenia.	Bratislavci	Slovenia
country	Vitsi (Greek: Βίτσι) is a former municipality in Kastoria regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece.	Vitsi	Greece
country	The Kopli cemetery (German: Friedhof von Ziegelskoppel or Kirchhof von Ziegelskoppel; Estonian: Kopli kalmistu) was Estonia's largest Lutheran Baltic German cemetery, located in the suburb of Kopli in Tallinn.	Kopli cemetery	Estonia
country	Jisr ed Damiye (or Jisr ed Damieh) lit. the bridge of ed Damieh is located in the Balqa Governorate of Jordan.	Jisr ed Damiye	Jordan
country	Karkaraly District (Kazakh: Қарқаралы ауданы, Qarqaralı awdanı) is a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan.	Karkaraly District	Kazakhstan
country	Vazli (Persian: وزلي‎, also Romanized as Vazlī) is a village in Sirvan Rural District, Nowsud District, Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Vazli	Iran
country	Malıbəyli (also, Malibeyli and Malybeyli) or Ajapnyak (Armenian: Աջափնյակ) is a village located de facto in Shushi Province of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and de jure in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Malıbəyli	Azerbaijan
country	Mount Caubvick is the highest point in mainland Canada east of Alberta.	Mount Caubvick	Canada
country	Donegal or Donegal Town (/ˈdʌniɡɔːl/ or /ˈdʌnɨɡɔːl/ DUN-i-gawl; Irish: Dún na nGall, meaning ``fort of the foreigners'') is a town in County Donegal, Ireland.	Donegal	Ireland
country	The Kongsvinger Line (Norwegian: Kongsvingerbanen) is a railway line between the towns of Lillestrøm and Kongsvinger in Norway and onwards to Charlottenberg in Sweden.	Kongsvinger Line	Norway
country	Assokolay (Russian: Ассоколай; Adyghe: Аскъэлай) is a rural locality (an aul) in Teuchezhsky District of the Republic of Adygea, Russia.	Assokolay	Russia
country	Lake Victoria is drained solely by the Nile River near Jinja, Uganda, on the lake's northern shore.	Lake Victoria	Uganda
country	Prachatice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpraxacɪtsɛ); German: Prachatitz) is a town in the South Bohemian Region, Czech Republic.	Prachatice	Czech Republic
country	Horta premetro station is part of the Brussels Metro, situated in the Saint-Gilles commune of the Brussels capital region, Belgium.	Horta premetro station	Belgium
country	Christchurch East School, initially referred to as East Christchurch School, is located in the central city of Christchurch, New Zealand.	Christchurch East School	New Zealand
country	Dolnji Vrh (pronounced (ˈdoːlnji ˈʋəɾx); in older sources also Dolenji Vrh, German: Unterwerch) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.	Dolnji Vrh	Slovenia
country	Kuh Pat (Persian: كوه پات‎, also Romanized as Kūh Pat; also known as Pā’īn Kūh-e Pāt and Pā’īn Kūh Pāt) is a village in Rak Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kuh Pat	Iran
country	Sa Coma is a town on the eastern coast of the island of Majorca, Spain.	Sa Coma	Spain
country	The Pingquan North Railway Station is a railway station of Jingshen Passenger Railway located in People's Republic of China.	Pingquan North Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Sungurlare (Bulgarian: Сунгурларе, pronounced (suŋɡurˈlarɛ)) is a town in southeastern Bulgaria, part of Burgas Province.	Sungurlare	Bulgaria
country	Minusinsk (Russian: Минуси́нск) is a historical town in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia.	Minusinsk	Russia
country	Furtwangen im Schwarzwald is a small city located in the Black Forest region of south western Germany.	Furtwangen im Schwarzwald	Germany
country	Tyinholmen is an area on the north of the mountain lake Tyin in Jotunheimen in Vang, Oppland, Norway.	Tyinholmen	Norway
country	Lac de la Cavayère is an artificial lake in the Languedoc-Roussillon région of France, close to the mediaeval town of Carcassonne.	Lac de la Cavayère	France
country	Generation R is a prospective, population based cohort study from fetal life until young adulthood in a multi-ethnic urban population in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.	Generation R	Netherlands
country	Carmel Beach Central Bus Station (Hebrew: מֶרְכָּזִית חוֹף הַכַּרְמֵל, Merkazit Hof HaKarmel) is the main bus station in Haifa, Israel, replacing the Haifa Bat Galim Central Bus Station.	Carmel Beach Central Bus Station	Israel
country	Niederthalheim is a municipality in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Niederthalheim	Austria
country	Topoli (Bulgarian: Тополи) is a village in north-eastern Bulgaria.	Topoli	Bulgaria
country	Kamen Bryag is a village in northeastern Bulgaria.	Kamen Bryag	Bulgaria
country	The Ostola is a 25 km long stream (torrente) in the Piedmont region of north-western Italy.	Ostola	Italy
country	Viedma Glacier is located in the undefined part of the limit between Chile and Argentina, in argentinian legislature it's in Los Glaciares National Park which was declared a World Heritage Site in 1981.	Viedma Glacier	Chile	Argentina
country	The Trabzon Museum (Turkish: Trabzon Müzesi), aka Kostaki Mansion (Kostaki Konağı), is a historic house museum with archeological and ethnographic exhibitions located in Trabzon, Turkey.	Trabzon Museum	Turkey
country	Pargas Idrottsförening, or PIF for short, is a sports club based in the city of Pargas, Finland.	Pargas Idrottsförening	Finland
country	Karachayevsky District (Russian: Карача́евский райо́н; Karachay-Balkar: Къарачай район; Kabardian: Къэрэшей район; Abaza: Къарча район) is an administrative and a municipal district (raion), one of the ten in the Karachay-Cherkess Republic, Russia.	Karachayevsky District	Russia
country	Basaseachic Falls on the Basaseachic River is the second-highest waterfall in Mexico, located in the Parque Nacional Basaseachic (Basaseachic Falls National Park) at Cañon Basaseachic in the Copper Canyon region of northwest Mexico, near Creel, Chihuahua.	Basaseachic Falls	Mexico
country	Yagba West is a Local Government Area in Kogi State, Nigeria, in the west of the state adjoining Kwara State.	Yagba West	Nigeria
country	Banabad (Persian: بناباد‎, also Romanized as Banābād; also known as Banaveh and Banāābād) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Banabad	Iran
country	Onicha Nwe-Nkwo is an autonomous community in Ezinihitte Local Government Area, Mbaise, Imo State, Nigeria.	Onicha Nwe-Nkwo	Nigeria
country	Thommankuthu (തൊമ്മന്‍കുത്ത്) is a very scenic waterfall near Thodupuzha, in the southern state of Kerala, India and is named after the great hunter, Mr. Thommachen Kuruvinakunnel, who let the world know of this beautiful waterfall in the jungle in the late 1920s.	Thommankuthu	India
country	Sir John Kothalawala College is a public college open to all students in the market town of Kurunegala, Sri Lanka.	Sir John Kothalawala College	Sri Lanka
country	The Agerolese is a breed of dairy cattle from the area of Agerola, in Campania in southern Italy.	Agerolese	Italy
country	Avigayil, a ramshackle group of trailers and modular houses, was established on 1,000 dunams (250 acres) on Yom Kippur eve 2001 by a group of recently discharged Israel Defense Forces soldiers on a hilltop chosen for its strategic location.	Avigayil	Israel
country	Lower Odra Valley Landscape Park (Park Krajobrazowy Dolina Dolnej Odry) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in north-western Poland, on the eastern banks of the river Odra (Oder) which marks the Polish-German border.	Lower Odra Valley Landscape Park	Poland
country	Mae Kham (Thai: แม่คำ) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Chan District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Mae Kham	Thailand
country	Champion Lakes Provincial Park is a provincial park in the West Kootenay region of British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of the city of Trail in the province's West Kootenay region.	Champion Lakes Provincial Park	Canada
country	Biñan (/bɪnjaʊn/ Filipino: Binyang or Binyan, (biɲan)), officially, the City of Biñan (Filipino: Lungsod ng Binyan), is a first class component city in the Republic of the Philippines.	Biñan	Philippines
country	Queen Alia International Airport (IATA: AMM, ICAO: OJAI) (Arabic: مطار الملكة علياء الدولي‎; transliterated: Matar Al-Malikah Alia Ad-Dowali) is Jordan's main and largest airport and is located in Zizya 30 kilometres (20 mi) south of the capital city, Amman.	Queen Alia International Airport	Jordan
country	Suchy Dąb (ˈsuxɨ ˈdɔmp) (German: Zugdam) is a village in Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Suchy Dąb	Poland
country	Marigüitar is a small coastal town in the state of Sucre, Venezuela.	Marigüitar	Venezuela
country	The Parc du Mugel is a municipal park and botanical garden in the town of La Ciotat, in the French department of Bouches-du-Rhône, on the Mediterranean coast of France between Marseille and Toulon.	Parc du Mugel	France
country	Tuszów (ˈtuʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Tuszów	Poland
country	Mala Bukovica (pronounced (ˈmaːla ˈbuːkɔʋitsa); Italian: Bucovizza Piccola) is a village south of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Mala Bukovica	Slovenia
country	Bergsdalen is a river valley in Vaksdal municipality, Hordaland county, Norway.	Bergsdalen	Norway
country	Tzora (Hebrew: צָרְעָה) is a kibbutz in central Israel.	Tzora	Israel
country	The Geelong Library and Heritage Centre is a regional library, archive and resource facility in the city of Geelong, Victoria, Australia.	Geelong Library and Heritage Centre	Australia
country	Belgrad Forest (Turkish: Belgrad Ormanı) is a mixed deciduous forest lying 15 kilometers north-west of Istanbul, Turkey.	Belgrad Forest	Turkey
country	Castle of Penela (Portuguese: Castelo de Penela, Portuguese pronunciation: (kɐʃˌtɛɫu dɨ pɨˈnɛɫɐ)) is located in a Penela town in Penela Municipality in Coimbra District, Portugal.	Castle of Penela	Portugal
country	Bogosavac (Serbian Cyrillic: Богосавац) is a village in the Šabac municipality in western Serbia.	Bogosavac	Serbia
country	Mátraháza is a village in the suburbs of Gyöngyös in Heves County, in northern Hungary.	Mátraháza	Hungary
country	Gnago is the name of two villages in south-western Ivory Coast.	Gnago	Ivory Coast
country	Şollar (also, Shollar) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şollar	Azerbaijan
country	Aukštaitija National Park is a national park in north-eastern Lithuania, about 100 km north of Vilnius.	Aukštaitija National Park	Lithuania
country	Abanayop is a village on the Gabon-Equatorial Guinea border.	Abanayop	Equatorial Guinea
country	Santa Comba Dão (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈsɐ̃tɐ ˈkõbɐ ˈðɐ̃w)) is a city and a municipality in the district Viseu in Portugal.	Santa Comba Dão	Portugal
country	Aji Chay (Azerbaijani: آجی چای Acı çay, Persian: تلخه رود‎‎), or Talkhe Rud, is a river in north-western Iran.	Aji Chay	Iran
country	The Episcopal Diocese of Ohio is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America comprising the northern 48 counties of the state of Ohio.	Episcopal Diocese of Ohio	United States of America
country	Gilmore LRT Station is a station on the Manila Light Rail Transit System Line 2 (LRT-2) in the Philippines.	Gilmore LRT Station	Philippines
country	Wólka Chrapanowska (ˈvulka xrapaˈnɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wólka Chrapanowska	Poland
country	Burdinale is a river of Belgium, tributary of the Mehaigne.	Burdinale	Belgium
country	Naidumangalam is a township in Tiruvannamalai Taluk of Tiruvanamalai district, Tamil Nadu India.	Naidumangalam	India
country	Higher Technological Institute (often shortened to HTI), is a public, co-educational, land-grant, space-grant, research university located in Egypt, 10th of Ramadan City.	Higher Technological Institute	Egypt
country	Lalehzar District (Persian: بخش لاله‌زار‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Lalehzar District	Iran
country	Sheikh Zuweid (also spelled Sheikh Zoweid or Shaykh Zuwayd; Arabic: الشيخ زويد‎ Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: (eʃˈʃeːx zeˈweːd, -zoˈwæjjed)) is a Bedouin town in the North Sinai Governorate of Egypt near the border with the Gaza Strip.	Sheikh Zuweid	Egypt
country	Tenkya (Russian: Тенкя) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Tenkinsky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 82 kilometers (51 mi) from Suntar, the administrative center of the district.	Tenkya	Russia
country	Ni Badar (Persian: ني بدر‎, also Romanized as Nī Badar) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Ni Badar	Iran
country	The Mediterranean woodlands and forests occupy an area of 357,900 square kilometers (138,200 sq mi) in Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, the spanish plazas de soberanía and Libya.	Mediterranean woodlands and forests	Libya
country	The Protestant Christian Church in Mentawai is a Lutheran denomination in Indonesia.	Protestant Christian Church in Mentawai	Indonesia
country	Gallura is a region in the northeast of the island of Sardinia, Italy.	Gallura	Italy
country	Salinas Victoria, is a municipality located to in the center of the state of Nuevo León, Mexico.	Salinas Victoria	Mexico
country	Musangsa is a Zen Buddhist temple near Daejeon, South Korea, an affiliate of the Kwan Um School of Zen.	Musangsa	South Korea
country	Osh (Kyrgyz: Ош) is the second largest city in Kyrgyzstan, located in the Fergana Valley in the south of the country and often referred to as the ``capital of the south''.	Osh	Kyrgyzstan
country	Lalehabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان لاله آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lalehabad Rural District	Iran
country	The Museum of Broken Relationships (Croatian: Muzej prekinutih veza) is a museum in Zagreb, Croatia, dedicated to failed love relationships.	Museum of Broken Relationships	Croatia
country	The University of Pavia (Italian: Università degli Studi di Pavia, UNIPV or Università di Pavia; Latin: Alma Ticinensis Universitas) is a university located in Pavia, Lombardy, Italy.	University of Pavia	Italy
country	Jegunovce (Macedonian: Јегуновце ) is one of the larger villages in the Polog Valley, Republic of Macedonia.	Jegunovce	Macedonia
country	Västergötland Runic Inscription 8 or Vg 8 is the Rundata listing for a Viking Age memorial runestone located at the church at Hjälstad, which is about one kilometer west of Moholm, Västra Götaland County, Sweden, and in the historic province of Västergötland.	Västergötland Runic Inscription 8	Sweden
country	Manuel Antonio National Park, in Spanish the Parque Nacional Manuel Antonio, is a small National Park in the Central Pacific Conservation Area located on the Pacific coast of Costa Rica, just south of the city of Quepos, Puntarenas, and 132 km (82 mi) from the national capital of San José.	Manuel Antonio National Park	Costa Rica
country	Pylos-Nestoras (Greek: Δήμος Πύλου - Νέστορος) is a municipality in the Messenia regional unit, Peloponnese, Greece.	Pylos-Nestor	Greece
country	Khvorcheh (Persian: خورچه‎, also Romanized as Khūrcheh) is a village in Garakan Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Khvorcheh	Iran
country	The neighborhood's name was changed to Kurtuluş, six years after the Republic of Turkey was founded, for its rebuilding and symbolizing its rejuvenation, after a fire swept and largely destroyed the neighborhood on April 13, 1929, with 207 houses going up in flames.	Kurtuluş	Turkey
country	Toomevara, officially Toomyvara (Irish: Tuaim Uí Mheára, meaning ``tumulus of the Ó Meadhra's''), is a village in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Toomevara	Ireland
country	Sredna Gora (Bulgarian: Средна гора) is a mountain range in central Bulgaria, situated south of and parallel to the Balkan mountain range (Stara Planina) and extending from the Iskar River to the west and the elbow of Tundzha north of Yambol to the east.	Sredna Gora	Bulgaria
country	Torre dei Capocci (The Capocci Tower) is a tower at San Martino ai Monti square in Rome, Italy.	Torre dei Capocci	Italy
country	Mae Na Ruea (Thai: แม่นาเรือ) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Phayao District, in Phayao Province, Thailand.	Mae Na Ruea	Thailand
country	The 1948 UCI Road World Championships took place in Valkenburg, the Netherlands.	1948 UCI Road World Championships	Netherlands
country	El Caney (also Caney) is a small village 4 miles (6.4 km) to the northeast of Santiago, Cuba.	El Caney	Cuba
country	St Andrews Hill is a hillside suburb in south-east Christchurch, New Zealand.	St Andrews Hill	New Zealand
country	Lenine Raion (Russian: Ленинский район, Ukrainian: Ленінський район, Crimean Tatar: Yedi Quyu rayonı) is one of the 25 regions of the Crimea, currently subject to a territorial dispute between the Russian Federation and Ukraine.	Lenine Raion	Ukraine
country	Santa Gadea (Spanish: Iglesia de Santa Águeda) is a church dedicated to Saint Agatha in Burgos, Spain.	Santa Gadea	Spain
country	Hoseynabad-e Sar Kal (Persian: حسين ابادسركل‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sar Kal and Ḩoseynābād Sar Kal; also known as Ḩoseynābād Abaleh) is a village in Bandan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Sar Kal	Iran
country	Fria is a town and Sub-prefecture in Lower Guinea, lying north of Conakry near the Amaria Dam on the Konkouré River.	Fria	Guinea
country	Eresk Rural District (Persian: دهستان ارسك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Eresk District, Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Eresk Rural District	Iran
country	The Istanbul Grand Post Office, aka Istanbul Main Post Office, (Turkish: Büyük Postane) is an office building for postal services located at Sirkeci quarter of Fatih district in Istanbul, Turkey.	Grand Post Office	Turkey
country	The Pampanga State Agricultural University, formerly known as the Pampanga Agricultural College, is a state university located in the municipality of Magalang, Pampanga, Philippines.	Pampanga State Agricultural University	Philippines
country	The Medicina Radio Observatory is an astronomical observatory located 30 km from Bologna, Italy.	Medicina Radio Observatory	Italy
country	The British Society of Gerontology, is a learned society in the United Kingdom dedicated to enhancing knowledge about ageing and later life.	British Society of Gerontology	United Kingdom
country	The Fort de Dailly is the largest component of Fortress Saint-Maurice, which is in turn one of the three principal fortified regions of the National Redoubt of Switzerland.	Fort de Dailly	Switzerland
country	Marfell is a suburb of New Plymouth, in the western North Island of New Zealand.	Marfell	New Zealand
country	Nordreisa (Northern Sami: Ráissa suohkan, Kven: Raisin komuuni) is a municipality in Troms county, Norway.	Nordreisa	Norway
country	Marnach transmitter was a broadcasting facility of RTL near Marnach in the commune of Munshausen, in northern Luxembourg.	Marnach transmitter	Luxembourg
country	Samut Songkhram is at the mouth of the Mae Klong River to the Gulf of Thailand.	Samut Songkhram	Thailand
country	Ulricehamn is a locality and the seat of Ulricehamn Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden, with 9,787 inhabitants in 2010.	Ulricehamn	Sweden
country	Ainaži (pronounced (aiːnaʒi); Estonian: Heinaste, German: Haynasch) is a harbour town in the Vidzeme region of Latvia.	Ainaži	Latvia
country	Deh Babu (Persian: ده بابو‎, also Romanized as Deh Bābū; also known as Deh Bābā and Deh-e Bālā) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Babu	Iran
country	Meerzorg is a town in Suriname, located on the eastern bank of the Suriname River, directly opposite the capital Paramaribo.	Meerzorg	Suriname
country	The Ordnance Survey, the United Kingdom's mapping agency, bases all elevations including mapped contour lines and spot heights on the mean sea level at Newlyn (see Ordnance Datum).	Newlyn	United Kingdom
country	Sneberka (Russian: Снеберка) is a rural locality (a village) in Monastyrshchinsky District of Smolensk Oblast, Russia, located 52 kilometers (32 mi) from the border with Belarus.	Sneberka	Russia
country	Weißenfelser Land is a former Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (``collective municipality'') in the Burgenlandkreis (district), in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Weißenfelser Land	Germany
country	Humdon (Persian: هومدان ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Humdon	Tajikistan
country	Port Davey is an oceanic inlet located in the south west region of Tasmania, Australia.	Port Davey	Australia
country	Since its early Renault models the most characteristic colour scheme of Gordini cars has been bleu de France (the French motor racing colour) with white stripes, although different combinations have been used over the years.	Gordini	France
country	Monywa (Burmese: မုံရွာမြို့; MLCTS: muṃ rwa mrui.; pronounced: (mòʊɴjwà mjo̰)) is a city in Sagaing Region, Myanmar, located 136 km northwest of Mandalay on the eastern bank of the River Chindwin.	Monywa	Myanmar
country	Makedonida (Greek: Μακεδονίδα) is a former municipality in Imathia, Greece.	Makedonida	Greece
country	Trondheim Business School (Norwegian: Handelshøyskolen i Trondheim) or HHiT, former a faculty of Sør-Trøndelag University College (HiST) in Trondheim, Norway, is, as of 2016, a faculty of Norwegian University of Science and Technology.	Trondheim Business School	Norway
country	Formerly, there was also a Statistics Canada designated census division named Inuvik Region, Northwest Territories, which was abolished in the Canada 2011 Census.	Inuvik Region	Canada
country	Mount Burrell is a town and a mountain in the Nightcap Range that is located in the Tweed Shire in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.	Mount Burrell	Australia
country	Buchpora (Urdu; بژھ پورہ) (Kashmiri; بَژھ پوُر)is a town on the outskirts of Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Buchpora	India
country	Meremäe Youth Centre is a youth centre in Meremäe rural municipality in Meremäe village in Estonia.	Meremäe Youth Centre	Estonia
country	Baoqing County (simplified Chinese: 宝清县; traditional Chinese: 寶清縣; pinyin: Bǎoqīng Xiàn) is a county of southeastern Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Baoqing County	People's Republic of China
country	Piłsudski's Mound (also known as Independence Mound or Freedom Mound) (Polish Kopiec Piłsudskiego) is located in Kraków, Poland, and was established by the Polish nation in honor of Józef Piłsudski.	Piłsudski's Mound	Poland
country	Kyshtym (Russian: Кышты́м) is a town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located on the eastern slopes of the Southern Ural Mountains 90 kilometers (56 mi) northwest of Chelyabinsk, near the town of Ozyorsk.	Kyshtym	Russia
country	Anabta lies on the edge of the Tulkarm district's Area A, an administrative division of the 1993 Oslo Accords, which means the city is under full security and civil jurisdiction of the Palestinian National Authority.	Anabta	Palestinian National Authority
country	Arklow railway station (Irish: Stáisiún an tInbhear Mór) is a railway station in Arklow, County Wicklow, Ireland.	Arklow railway station	Ireland
country	Wat Bang Phra (Thai: วัดบางพระ) is a Buddhist monastery (wat) in Nakhon Chaisi district, Nakhon Pathom Province, Thailand, about 50 km west of Bangkok.	Wat Bang Phra	Thailand
country	The Newcastle Herald (branded as The Herald) is a local tabloid newspaper published daily, Monday to Saturday, in Newcastle, New South Wales, the largest non-capital city in Australia.	The Newcastle Herald	Australia
country	Balimela Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary in Malkangiri district, Odisha, India.	Balimela Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	Telhar is the name of a waterfall located near B T Road in the kaimur district of Bihar, India.	Telhar	India
country	Čifáre (Hungarian: Csiffár) is a village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia, in the Nitra Region.	Čifáre	Slovakia
country	Povlen (Повлен) is a mountain in western Serbia, located thirty kilometers west of Valjevo.	Povlen	Serbia
country	Kluczewsko (kluˈt͡ʂɛfskɔ) is a village in Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kluczewsko	Poland
country	Banadkuk Rural District (Persian: دهستان بنادكوك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Banadkuk Rural District	Iran
country	Messenia (/məˈsiːniə, -ˈsiːnjə/; Greek: Μεσσηνία Messinia, pronounced (mesiˈnia)) is a regional unit (perifereiaki enotita) in the southwestern part of the Peloponnese, one of 13 regions into which Greece has been divided by the Kallikratis plan, implemented 1 January 2011.	Messenia	Greece
country	Bukit Tunku is an upper-class residential area in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Bukit Tunku	Malaysia
country	Pine Lake Aerodrome formerly Daughney Aerodrome (TC LID: CFY5) is a registered aerodrome located near the Alaska Highway, 63 nautical miles (117 km; 72 mi) west of Watson Lake, Yukon, Canada.	Pine Lake Aerodrome	Canada
country	Broye-Vully District (French: District de la Broye-Vully) is a district in Vaud Canton in Switzerland.	Broye-Vully District	Switzerland
country	Sari Chaman (Persian: ساري چمن‎, also Romanized as Sārī Chaman; also known as Sar Chīmeh, Sar-e-Chamā, Sere-Chima, and Ser-i-Chima) is a village in Bakrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sari Chaman	Iran
country	Sebeš (Serbian Cyrillic: Себеш) is a river, bog and a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Sebeš	Serbia
country	Kaiserliche Werft Kiel (``Imperial shipyard Kiel'') was a German shipbuilding company founded in 1867, first as Königliche Werft Kiel but renamed in 1871 with the proclamation of the German Empire.	Kaiserliche Werft Kiel	German Empire
country	Bulduq (also, Buldug and Buldukh) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bulduq	Azerbaijan
country	Sandersdorf Castle (German: Schloss Sandersdorf) is a castle, or stately house, in the village of Sandersdorf in Altmannstein, to the northeast of Ingolstadt, Bavaria, Germany.	Sandersdorf Castle	Germany
country	Tulireki is a roller coaster located at Linnanmäki in Helsinki, Finland.	Tulireki	Finland
country	The Puyehue Hot Springs (Spanish: Termas de Puyehue) is a series of hot springs located 76 kilometers along Route 215-CH east of Osorno, a city 20 kilometers from Puerto Montt in the Los Lagos Region of southern Chile.	Puyehue Hot Springs	Chile
country	Alcaracejos is a city located in Los Pedroches comarca, province of Córdoba, Spain.	Alcaracejos	Spain
country	University of Engineering and Technology, Taxila, or UET Taxila (Urdu: یونیورسٹی آف انجینیئرنگ اینڈ ٹیکنالوجی ، ٹیکسلا‎) is located at Taxila, Punjab, Pakistan.	University of Engineering and Technology	Pakistan
country	The Frankfurter Judengasse (from German: ``Jews' Alley'') was the Jewish ghetto of Frankfurt and one of the earliest ghettos in Germany.	Frankfurter Judengasse	Germany
country	Colégio Certo is a school located in Teresina, the capital of Piauí state, in the north-east of Brazil.	Colégio Certo	Brazil
country	Ryonggang Station is a railway station in Ryonggang-ŭp, Ryonggang county, South P'yŏngan province, North Korea.	Ryonggang Station	North Korea
country	Viševek (pronounced (ʋiˈʃeːʋək)) is a village south of Stari Trg pri Ložu in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Viševek	Slovenia
country	Dupaningan Agta (Dupaninan Agta), or Eastern Cagayan Agta, is a language spoken by a semi-nomadic hunter-gatherer Negrito people of Cagayan and Isabela provinces in northern Luzon, Philippines.	Dupaningan Agta	Philippines
country	United Furniture Warehouse (UFW) is a retail furniture chain operating approximately twenty-four (24) locations in Western Canada and Ontario.	United Furniture Warehouse	Canada
country	Hastijan (Persian: هستيجان‎, also Romanized as Hastījān; also known as Hashtījān) is a village in Hastijan Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Hastijan	Iran
country	The Wendouree Centre for the Performing Arts is a multi-purpose performance venue located at Howitt Street Wendouree, in the Victorian town of Ballarat in south east Australia.	Wendouree Centre for the Performing Arts	Australia
country	The Old Bank Arcade (also known as the Bank of New Zealand building) is a historic building on Lambton Quay, Wellington, New Zealand.	Old Bank Arcade	New Zealand
country	Kaiser-Wilhelm-Koog is a municipality situated along the North Sea coast in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Kaiser-Wilhelm-Koog	Germany
country	Candolim is a census town in North Goa and is located in the Bardez taluka in the state of Goa, India.	Candolim	India
country	Nwadeu is a village development committee in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal.	Nwadeu	Nepal
country	Niforeika (Greek: Νιφορέικα, also Νιφοραίικα) is a village and a community in the municipality of West Achaea in northwestern Achaea, Greece.	Niforeika	Greece
country	Dzhafarkuluushagy (also, Dzhafargulu-Ushagy) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dzhafarkuluushagy	Azerbaijan
country	Al Hudaydah (Arabic: الحديدة‎), also known in English as Hodeda, Hodeida, Hudaida, and Hodeidah, is the fourth-largest city in Yemen.	Al Hudaydah	Yemen
country	The Gross Litzner (also spelled Großlitzner in German) is a mountain in the Silvretta Alps, located on the border between Austria and Switzerland.	Gross Litzner	Austria	Switzerland
country	Archimandrita (Greek: Αρχιμανδρίτα) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 12 km northeast of Kouklia.	Archimandrita	Cyprus
country	Annemasse Aerodrome or Marcel Bruchon Aerodrome (French: Aérodrome d'Annemasse) (IATA: QNJ, ICAO: LFLI), is an airport in Annemasse, a commune in Haute-Savoie, France.	Annemasse Aerodrome	France
country	Wat Benchamabophit Dusitvanaram (Thai: วัดเบญจมบพิตรดุสิตวนาราม) is a Buddhist temple (wat) in the Dusit district of Bangkok, Thailand.	Wat Benchamabophit	Thailand
country	Bab Al-Moatham (Bab Al-Muadham or Bab Al-Mu'azzam) is a neighborhood of the Rusafa district of Baghdad, Iraq, not far east of the Tigris River.	Bab Al-Moatham	Iraq
country	The Taurus Mountains (Turkish: Toros Dağları, Ancient Greek: Όρη Ταύρου) are a mountain complex in southern Turkey, dividing the Mediterranean coastal region of southern Turkey from the central Anatolian Plateau.	Taurus Mountains	Turkey
country	The Herald Sun is a morning tabloid newspaper based in Melbourne, Australia.	Herald Sun	Australia
country	La Centrale is an artist-run gallery in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, founded in 1973.	La Centrale	Canada
country	The Mindszent Church (Mindszenti templom) is a Roman Catholic parish church in the centre of Miskolc, Hungary.	Mindszent Church	Hungary
country	Stakkastadvatnet is a lake on the border of Rogaland and Hordaland counties in Norway.	Stakkastadvatnet	Norway
country	Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire (French pronunciation: ​(kon kuʁ syʁ lwaʁ)) is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.	Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire	France
country	The Makana Botanical Gardens is a botanical garden in South Africa operated by Rhodes University, located in Grahamstown.	Makana Botanical Gardens	South Africa
country	Sillaqaqa (Quechua silla gravel, qaqa rock, ``gravel rock'', hispanicized spelling Sillagaga) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Sillaqaqa	Peru
country	Załęże Duże (zaˈwɛ̃ʐɛ ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Załęże Duże	Poland
country	Vlaams Belang (VB; Dutch for ``Flemish Interest'') is a right-wing populist and Flemish nationalist political party in the Flemish Region and Brussels of Belgium.	Vlaams Belang	Belgium
country	Dwukoły (dvuˈkɔwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowo-Osada, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dwukoły	Poland
country	The Diolkos (Δίολκος, from the Greek διά, dia ``across'' and ὁλκός, holkos ``portage machine'') was a paved trackway near Corinth in Ancient Greece which enabled boats to be moved overland across the Isthmus of Corinth.	Diolkos	Greece
country	The Ouled Naïl Range (Arabic: سلسلة جبال أولاد نايل‎, French: Monts des Ouled Naïl) is a mountain range in Algeria, part of the Saharan Atlas of the greater Atlas Mountain System.	Ouled Naïl Range	Algeria
country	Rajendra Place is a multi storeyed, multi-building commercial complex, located at the main Pusa Road, New Delhi, India.	Rajendra Place	India
country	Kablar (Serbian Cyrillic: Каблар, pronounced (kǎblaːr)) is a mountain in central Serbia.	Kablar	Serbia
country	Zavino (pronounced (zaˈʋiːnɔ)) is a small village in the hills south of the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Zavino	Slovenia
country	During the 2015 India heat wave, Khammam experienced a maximum temperature of 48 °C (118 °F).	Khammam	India
country	The Buzogo River is a small river of Woleu-Ntem, Gabon.	Buzogo River	Gabon
country	Subsequently, it was the Dogras who united Baltistan, Purig, Zanskar and present-day Leh district in the first half of the 19th century under a single administrative unit, which lasted till 1947 when a new line of control was demarcated between India and Pakistan dividing Skardu and Kargil.	Kargil	India
country	The Makuleke Contractual Park or Pafuri Triangle constitutes the northernmost section of the Kruger National Park, South Africa, and comprises approximately 240 square kilometres of land.	Makuleke	South Africa
country	Spodnji Petelinjek (pronounced (ˈspoːdnji pɛtɛˈliːnjɛk); German: Unterpetelinek) is a small settlement east of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Spodnji Petelinjek	Slovenia
country	Dźwierzuty (d͡ʑvjɛˈʐutɨ) (German Mensguth) is a village in Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dźwierzuty	Poland
country	Crevalcore is a town and comune in the Emilia-Romagna region near Bologna, Italy.	Crevalcore	Italy
country	Chunnam Techno University is a private technical university in South Korea.	Chunnam Techno University	South Korea
country	Yli-Kitka is a lake in Finland, in the municipalities of Kuusamo and Posio.	Yli-Kitka	Finland
country	Farmer Island is an island in the Piper Islands National Park in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park, Queensland, Australia.	Farmer Island	Australia
country	Silikou (Greek: Σιλίκου) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 5 km south of Pera Pedi.	Silikou	Cyprus
country	Beihan Airport (IATA: BHN, ICAO: OYBN) is an airport serving Beihan, a city in the Shabwah Governorate in Yemen.	Beihan Airport	Yemen
country	Gabrje pri Soteski (pronounced (ˈgaːbəɾjɛ pɾi sɔˈteːski)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia.	Gabrje pri Soteski	Slovenia
country	Beside those entities making part of AXA Bank Europe's legal structure, AXA Group also owns banking activities in France (AXA Banque France) and in Germany (AXA Bank AG).	AXA Bank Europe	France
country	Metro Naga is a metropolitan area in the Bicol Region of the Philippines, centering on the city of Naga and includes 14 neighboring municipalities of Camarines Sur province.	Metro Naga	Philippines
country	Miramichi Bay-Neguac (French: Baie-de-Miramichi-Neguac) is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada.	Miramichi Bay-Neguac	Canada
country	Bethania Hospital, Sialkot, Pakistan is a medical facility owned by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lahore.	Bethania Hospital, Sialkot	Pakistan
country	Bazas Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Jean-Baptiste de Bazas) is a Roman Catholic cathedral, and a national monument of France, located in Bazas, Gironde.	Bazas Cathedral	France
country	Sussac (Occitan: Suçac) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Sussac	France
country	The Behren-Bokel Transmitter, also known as the Sprakensehl Transmitter is a 323-metre high guyed steel tube radio mast in Behren-Bokel near Uelzen in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Behren-Bokel Transmitter	Germany
country	Chodel (ˈxɔdɛl) is a village in Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Chodel	Poland
country	Unnamed volcano (Ibugos), is a submarine volcano near the island Ibugos in the Philippines.	Unnamed volcano (Ibugos)	Philippines
country	Uran is part of Navi Mumbai city on the western coast of India.	Uran	India
country	The Andrew Mercer Reformatory for Women was the first women's (16 years of age or older) prison in Canada.	Andrew Mercer Reformatory for Women	Canada
country	Lieka or Liekà was a former settlement in 19th and early 20th century Ethiopia, a major market town in the Oromo region southwest of Shoa.	Lieka	Ethiopia
country	Durba (Oromo: ``virgin''; also Derba) is a town in central Ethiopia.	Durba	Ethiopia
country	Paraćin (Serbian Cyrillic: Параћин, pronounced (pâratɕin)) is a town and municipality in Serbia, located in the valley of the Velika Morava river, north of Kruševac and southeast of Kragujevac.	Paraćin	Serbia
country	Stare Rybitwy (ˈstarɛ rɨˈbitfɨ) (German: Möwensand) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Stare Rybitwy	Poland
country	Selebi-Phikwe (also spelt Selibe Phikwe) is a mining town located in the Central District of Botswana.	Selebi-Phikwe	Botswana
country	Naesosa, or Naeso Temple, is a Korean Buddhist Temple located at the base of Naebyeongsan (mountain) in Jinseo-myeon, (township), Buan-gun (county), Jeollabuk-do (province), South Korea.	Naesosa	South Korea
country	Ken Jones Aerodrome (IATA: POT, ICAO: MKKJ) is an airport located 10 km (6.2 mi) west of Port Antonio, in northeastern Jamaica.	Ken Jones Aerodrome	Jamaica
country	The Energy Act 2013 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, relating to the energy sector.	Energy Act 2013	United Kingdom
country	Umrana Janoobi is a village situated at the bank of Jhelum River in Punjab, Pakistan.	Umrana Janoobi	Pakistan
country	Pakuba Airfield (IATA: PAF, ICAO: HUPA) is an airfield serving Pakuba and Murchison Falls National Park in the Nwoya District of northern Uganda.	Pakuba Airfield	Uganda
country	Moisés Ville (Yiddish: מוזעסוויל‎ ) is a small town (comuna) in the province of Santa Fe, Argentina, founded on 23 October 1889 by Eastern European and Russian Jews escaping pogroms and persecution.	Moisés Ville	Argentina
country	Sól-Kiczora (kiˈt͡ʂɔra) (previously Kiczora) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajcza, within Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Sól-Kiczora	Poland
country	Rusca Montană (Hungarian: Ruszkabánya; German: Rußberg or Ruskberg) is a commune in Caraş-Severin County, western Romania with a population of 2,095 people.	Rusca Montană	Romania
country	San Nicandro Garganico (known until 1999 as Sannicandro Garganico) is a town and comune in the province of Foggia in the Apulia region of southeast Italy.	San Nicandro Garganico	Italy
country	Kaluga (Russian: Калуга; IPA: (kɐˈlugə)) is a city and the administrative center of Kaluga Oblast, Russia, located on the Oka River 150 kilometers (93 mi) southwest of Moscow.	Kaluga	Russia
country	Ait Bouada is a town in north central Algeria.	Ait Bouada	Algeria
country	By the order of Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine № 622 from July 27, 2004 Donbas Mining-Metallurgical Institute was reorganized as the Donbas State Technical University (DonSTU).	Donbas State Technical University	Ukraine
country	Coltău (Hungarian: Koltó) is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania.	Coltău	Romania
country	Panevėžys Air Base (also known as Pajuostis, and Tulpė) (IATA: PNV, ICAO: EYPP) is an air base in Lithuania located 6 km east of Panevėžys.	Panevėžys Air Base	Lithuania
country	Sabz Bolagh (Persian: سبزبلاغ‎, also Romanized as Sabz Bolāgh; also known as Sabzeh Bolāgh) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sabz Bolagh	Iran
country	Azizabad-e Sheybani (Persian: عزيزابادشيباني‎, also Romanized as ʿAzīzābād-e Sheybānī) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Azizabad-e Sheybani	Iran
country	Ghelari (Hungarian: Gyalár) is a commune in Hunedoara County, Transylvania, Romania.	Ghelari	Romania
country	Tostedt (Low German Töst) is a municipality in the district of Harburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Tostedt	Germany
country	The Bronte Surf Lifesaving Club is situated on Bronte Beach, a beach in the eastern suburbs of Sydney, Australia.	Bronte Surf Lifesaving Club	Australia
country	Boków (ˈbɔkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Boków	Poland
country	Zadzim (ˈzad͡ʑim) is a village in Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Zadzim	Poland
country	Sibulan Airport (Filipino: Paliparan ng Sibulan, Cebuano: Tugpahanan sa Sibulan) (IATA: DGT, ICAO: RPVD), also known as Dumaguete Airport, is an airport serving the general area of the city of Dumaguete, located in the province of Negros Oriental in the Philippines.	Sibulan Airport	Philippines
country	Wielka Piaśnica (ˈvjɛlka pjaɕˈnit͡sa) (German: Groß Piasnitz; Kashubian: Wiôlgô Piôsznica) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wielka Piaśnica	Poland
country	Slate Falls Airport, (TC LID: CKD9), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) southwest of Slate Falls, Ontario, Canada.	Slate Falls Airport	Canada
country	Əsrik Cırdaxan (also, Əsrik Çırdaxan, Asrikdzhirdakhan, Asrik-Dzhyrdakan, and Asrikdzhyrdakhan) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əsrik Cırdaxan	Azerbaijan
country	Pajulahti Sports Institute is a sports and leisure center, situated in Nastola, Finland.	Pajulahti Sports Institute	Finland
country	Kultorvet (literally ``The Coal Market'') is a public square in the Old Town of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Kultorvet	Denmark
country	The Sierra Madre del Sur pine-oak forests is a subtropical coniferous forest ecoregion of the Sierra Madre del Sur mountain range of southern Mexico.	Sierra Madre del Sur pine-oak forests	Mexico
country	The so-called Lower Bavarian Spa Triangle or Rott Valley Spa Triangle (German: Niederbayerisches Bäderdreieck or Rottaler Bäderdreieck) refers to the three spa towns of Bad Füssing, Bad Griesbach and Bad Birnbach in the province of Lower Bavaria in southern Germany.	Lower Bavarian Spa Triangle	Germany
country	The population of Mandi Mullanpur is mainly of India's four main religious groups:	Mandi Mullanpur	India
country	Srebrenik Fortress (Bosnian: Utvrda Srebrenik) is a fortress located near the town of Srebrenik in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Srebrenik Fortress	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Småland (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈsmoːland)) is a historical province (landskap) in southern Sweden.	Småland	Sweden
country	Zijldijk (Dutch pronunciation: (zɛilˈdɛik)) is a village in the municipality of Loppersum, Groningen, the Netherlands.	Zijldijk	Netherlands
country	Millat Town is a residential suburb located in Faisalabad, Pakistan.	Millat Town	Pakistan
country	Mike & Ophelia Lazaridis Quantum-Nano Centre (also known as Quantum Nano Centre, or simply QNC) is a research and development laboratory for quantum information science and nanotechnology at the University of Waterloo in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.	Mike & Ophelia Lazaridis Quantum-Nano Centre	Canada
country	Knockbride is a parish in County Cavan, Ireland located outside the town of Bailieborough.	Knockbride	Ireland
country	Quyllur Urmana (Quechua quyllur star, urmana trap / urmay to fall, -na a suffix, hispanicized and mixed spellings Coyllor Urmana, Qoillur Urmana, Qoyllor Urmana, Qoyllur Urmana) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region, Quispicanchi Province, Urcos District.	Quyllur Urmana	Peru
country	The Śmiała Wisła (Polish pronunciation: (ˈɕmjawa ˈviswa)) is a distributary river branch of the Vistula in Poland flowing to Gdańsk Bay.	Śmiała Wisła	Poland
country	Hasanabad-e Qarah Darband (Persian: حسن ابادقره دربند‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Qarah Darband; also known as Ḩasanābād, Qarah Darband, and Qeshlāq-e Ḩasanābād) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Qarah Darband	Iran
country	Norwich University of the Arts (NUA) is a public university, based on a single site in the centre of Norwich, in the United Kingdom.	Norwich University of the Arts	United Kingdom
country	Dewey Soper Migratory Bird Sanctuary, or Dewey Soper, is a migratory bird sanctuary in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada.	Dewey Soper Migratory Bird Sanctuary	Canada
country	Brezovi Dol (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzɔʋi ˈdoːu̯); in older sources also Brezov Dol, German: Birkenthal) is a village east of Ambrus in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Brezovi Dol	Slovenia
country	The Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu, or PBB (English: United Traditional Bumiputera Party) is a right-wing political party in Malaysia.	Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu	Malaysia
country	Kaoh Chiveang Thvang is a khum (commune) of Aek Phnum District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Kaoh Chiveang	Cambodia
country	Tembisa is a large township situated to the north of Kempton Park on the East Rand, Gauteng, South Africa.	Tembisa	South Africa
country	Shahrak-e Ziveh (Persian: شهرك زيوه‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Zīveh; also known as Zīvah) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Ziveh	Iran
country	Roys Peak is a mountain in New Zealand, standing between Wanaka and Glendhu Bay.	Roys Peak	New Zealand
country	Valdobbiadene (Italian pronunciation: (valdobˈbjaːdene)) is a town in the province of Treviso, Veneto, Italy.	Valdobbiadene	Italy
country	The Order of al-Hussein bin Ali is the highest knighthood order of the Kingdom of Jordan.	Order of al-Hussein bin Ali	Jordan
country	The Campeonato Catarinense de Futebol, known as Campeonato Catarinense or simply Catarinão, is the main competition of soccer from state of Santa Catarina, in Brazil.	Campeonato Catarinense	Brazil
country	Küstriner Vorland (Polish Kostrzyn) is a municipality in the district Märkisch-Oderland, in Brandenburg, Germany at the border with Poland.	Küstriner Vorland	Germany
country	Huangshigang District (simplified Chinese: 黄石港区; traditional Chinese: 黃石港區; pinyin: Huángshígǎng Qū) is a district of the city of Huangshi, Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Huangshigang District	People's Republic of China
country	The Anís Zunúzí Bahá'í School is a Bahá'í School near Port-au-Prince, Haiti, which began in 1980.	Anís Zunúzí Bahá'í School	Haiti
country	When the El Qauroun Dam was built on the Litani River (the longest river in Lebanon) in 1959, Qaraoun village, lying on its left bank transferred an area of 740 ha for the development of the project.	Qaraoun	Lebanon
country	The Leningrad Zoo or Leningradskiy Zoopark (Russian: Ленингра́дский зоопа́рк), sometimes called the Saint Petersburg Zoo or Sankt-Peterburgskiy Zoopark (Russian: Санкт-Петербу́ргский зоопа́рк), in Saint Petersburg (formerly Leningrad), Russia, is located in Alexander Park in the Petrogradskaya Storona.	Leningrad Zoo	Russia
country	Tassemit or Jbel Tassemit (Berber: Adrar n'Aklim; Aklim n'Ouinisdrar), is a mountain of the Béni Mellal-Khénifra region of Morocco.	Tassemit	Morocco
country	Orešje na Bizeljskem (pronounced (ɔˈɾeːʃjɛ na biˈzeːlskɛm); German: Nussdorf) is a settlement northeast of Bizeljsko in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia, right on the border with Croatia.	Orešje na Bizeljskem	Slovenia
country	As of the 2001 India census, Srimushnam had a population of 12,000 of which 50 per cent were male and 50 per cent female.	Srimushnam	India
country	The Subprefecture of M'Boi Mirim is one of 31 subprefectures of the city of São Paulo, Brazil.	Subprefecture of M'Boi Mirim	Brazil
country	Assaf HaRofeh Medical Center, also known as Assaf HaRofeh Hospital, is a hospital located on 60 acres (24 ha), 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) from Tel Aviv, Israel.	Assaf HaRofeh Medical Center	Israel
country	Order of Merit of Baden-Württemberg (German: Verdienstorden des Landes Baden-Württemberg) is the highest award of the Germany State of Baden-Württemberg.	Order of Merit of Baden-Württemberg	Germany
country	The Myponga Wind Farm is a wind farm project proposed by TrustPower in the southern Mount Lofty Ranges, on the Fleurieu Peninsula 50 km south of Adelaide, South Australia.	Myponga Wind Farm	Australia
country	Water Pump (Urdu: واٹر پمپ ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gulberg Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Water Pump	Pakistan
country	Poltava Air Base (Ukrainian: Авіабаза ``Полтава'', Russian: Авиабаза ``Полтава'') is a military airfield located approximately 5 miles (8.0 km) northwest of Poltava, Ukraine.	Poltava Air Base	Ukraine
country	The small town of Shangombo located in Shangombo District in the Western Province of Zambia is one of the most remote towns in the country.	Shangombo	Zambia
country	Phnom Penh International Airport (IATA: PNH, ICAO: VDPP) (Khmer: អាកាសយានដ្ឋានអន្តរជាតិភ្នំពេញ French: Aéroport International de Phnom Penh), is the largest airport in Cambodia containing land area of 400 hectares.	Phnom Penh International Airport	Cambodia
country	Tillabéri (var. Tillabéry) is a town in northwest Niger.	Tillabéri	Niger
country	Şanlıurfa GAP Stadium is an olympic stadium in Şanlıurfa, Turkey.	Şanlıurfa GAP Stadium	Turkey
country	Masyaf Castle (Arabic: قلعة مصياف‎) is located in the town of Masyaf in Hama Governorate, Syria, situated in the Orontes Valley, approximately 40 kilometers to the west of Hama.	Masyaf Castle	Syria
country	The Quebrada Seca River is a river in Peru with a length of 29.3 km, and a slope of 7.2 per cent.	Quebrada Seca River	Peru
country	Kemi-Tornio Airport (IATA: KEM, ICAO: EFKE; Finnish: Kemi-Tornion lentoasema) is an airport in Kemi, Finland.	Kemi-Tornio Airport	Finland
country	Laing's Nek, or Lang's Nek is a pass through the Drakensberg, South Africa, immediately north of Majuba, at 27°27′39``S 29°52′10''E at an elevation of 5400 to 6,000 ft (1,800 m).	Laing's Nek	South Africa
country	Bukowsko (buˈkɔfskɔ) (Yiddish: בוקאווסק Bikofsk) is a village in Sanok County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, Poland.	Bukowsko	Poland
country	The Porgera Gold Mine is a large gold and silver mining operation in Enga province, Papua New Guinea (PNG), located at the head of the Porgera Valley.	Porgera Gold Mine	Papua New Guinea
country	Labirut is a small village in Bukhara region, Uzbekistan.	Labirut	Uzbekistan
country	The East Town Railway Workshops were a major manufacturing, maintenance and repair facility of the New Zealand Railways Department (NZR) located by the Marton - New Plymouth Line in the city of Wanganui in New Zealand's North Island.	East Town Railway Workshops	New Zealand
country	PSFC Chernomorets Burgas (Bulgarian: ПСФК Черноморец Бургас) or simply Chernomorets (Bulgarian: Черноморец) is a Bulgarian football club from the city of Burgas, which currently competes in Bulgaria's second football league, the B PFG.	PSFC Chernomorets Burgas	Bulgaria
country	The Sint-Pieters-Leeuw Tower, sometimes called the VRT-toren, although there are several by that name, is a 302 metre tall free standing tower at Sint-Pieters-Leeuw, on the outskirts of Brussels, Belgium built in 1996.	Sint-Pieters-Leeuw Tower	Belgium
country	Avatele Bay is a large bay in the southwest coast of Niue.	Avatele Bay	Niue
country	The Château de Marqueyssac is a 17th-century château and gardens located at Vézac, in the Dordogne Department of France.	Château de Marqueyssac	France
country	Fayzobod (Persian: شهرک فیض‌آباد ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Fayzobod	Tajikistan
country	Ipota Airport (IATA: IPA, ICAO: NVVI) is an airfield near Ipota on the island of Erromango, in the Taféa province in Vanuatu.	Ipota Airport	Vanuatu
country	Castrotierra de Valmadrigal (Spanish pronunciation: (kastɾoˈtjera ðe βalma.ðɾiˈɣal)), is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Castrotierra de Valmadrigal	Spain
country	Alberta Investment Management Corporation (AIMCo) is one of Canada's largest and most diversified institutional investment fund managers, with an investment portfolio of approximately $75 billion.	Alberta Investment Management Corporation	Canada
country	Qareh Chal (Persian: قره چال‎, also Romanized as Qareh Chāl) is a village in Gavdul-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qareh Chal	Iran
country	Sprang-Capelle is a former municipality in the North Brabant province of the Netherlands.	Sprang-Capelle	Netherlands
country	The Khun Tan Range (Thai: ทิวเขาขุนตาน or, erroneously, ทิวเขาขุนตาล) is a mountain range that occupies a central position in Northern Thailand.	Khun Tan Range	Thailand
country	Cacavei is a village (suco) in East Timor.	Cacavei	East Timor
country	General Rodolfo Sánchez Taboada International Airport (IATA: MXL, ICAO: MMML) Is an international airport located outside Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico, near the U.S.-Mexico border.	General Rodolfo Sánchez Taboada International Airport	Mexico
country	Project Runeberg is hosted by an academic computer group, Lysator, at Linköping University, in Linköping in southern Sweden.	Project Runeberg	Sweden
country	The Haunold is a mountain in the Dolomites in South Tyrol, Italy.	Haunold	Italy
country	The Ostional Wildlife Refuge is a 85.7 km2 (33.1 sq mi) Wildlife refuge of Costa Rica, part of the Tempisque Conservation Area, was originally declared a protected area in 1982, and its status has been changed several times since then, including covering a larger area both on land and out to sea.	Ostional Wildlife Refuge	Costa Rica
country	Hacho Bridge (Spanish: Puente del Hacho; English translation: Bridge of the Torch) is a former railway bridge in Granada which was part of the Almeria railway through the Sierra Nevada, Spain.	Hacho Bridge	Spain
country	The Constance Hopper the only part of the Obersee, where a territorial boundary has been defined by the neighbouring states, in this case, Germany and Switzerland.	Constance Hopper	Germany	Switzerland
country	Paso del Rey is a city located 35,5 km west of Buenos Aires, in Moreno, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Paso del Rey	Argentina
country	Yer Bird Records moved from Charlottesville to Philadelphia, PA and has now settled in Calgary, Alberta, Canada starting early 2010.	Yer Bird Records	Canada
country	Nadbiel (ˈnadbjɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nadbiel	Poland
country	The Mutirikwe River (formerly Mtilikwe River) is a river in southeastern Zimbabwe.	Mutirikwe River	Zimbabwe
country	Talasari Beach is a beach in the Baleswar district of Odisha, India.	Talasari Beach	India
country	Khaidarken Botanical Reserve is a reserve located in Batken District of Batken Province in Kyrgyzstan.	Khaidarken Botanical Reserve	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Cueva de los Murciélagos is a cave system in the Sierras Subbéticas located about four km southeast of the town of Zuheros in the southern province of Córdoba in Spain.	Cueva de los Murciélagos	Spain
country	Cill Rónáin (anglicized as Kilronan) is the main settlement on Inishmore, one of the Aran Islands off the west coast of Ireland in County Galway.	Kilronan	Ireland
country	Jonsereds Fabrikers AB (from 1975 Jonsereds AB) is a defunct manufacturing company from Jonsered outside Gothenburg in Sweden.	Jonsereds Fabrikers AB	Sweden
country	Manutahi is a small community in south Taranaki, New Zealand, situated on SH3 about halfway between the towns of Hawera and Patea.	Manutahi	New Zealand
country	East Germany then moved up its border checkpoint towards West Berlin from Dallgow more eastwards to West Staaken.	Staaken	Germany
country	Wagar High School was a high school at 5785 Parkhaven Avenue in Côte Saint-Luc, Quebec, Canada.	Wagar High School	Canada
country	Malakasa (Greek: Μαλακάσα) is a village and former community of East Attica in Greece.	Malakasa	Greece
country	The Terrick Terrick National Park is a national park located in the region of Victoria, Australia.	Terrick Terrick National Park	Australia
country	Bayas Island is a small island and barangay in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.	Bayas Island	Philippines
country	Frimmersdorf Power Station, located in Grevenbroich, is one of the largest lignite-fired power stations in Germany.	Frimmersdorf Power Station	Germany
country	The Grohmannspitze (Italian: Punta Grohmann; German: Grohmannspitze) is a mountain in the Langkofel Group of the Dolomites in South Tyrol, Italy.	Grohmannspitze	Italy
country	The Slovene Riviera (Slovene: Slovenska obala) is the coastline of Slovenia, located on the Gulf of Trieste, by the Adriatic Sea.	Slovene Riviera	Slovenia
country	The 2000 French Grand Prix (formally the LXXXVI Mobil 1 Grand Prix de France) was a Formula One motor race held on 2 July 2000 at the Circuit de Nevers Magny-Cours, Magny-Cours, Burgundy, France.	2000 French Grand Prix	France
country	The Cauamé River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.	Cauamé River	Brazil
country	Forest-East railway station (Dutch: Station Voorst-Oost) is a railway station in the municipality of Forest in Brussels, Belgium.	Forest-East railway station	Belgium
country	Mameh Shir (Persian: ممه شير‎, also Romanized as Mameh Shīr) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mameh Shir	Iran
country	Karia Ba Mohamed is a town in northern Morocco, situated in the Atlas Mountains 58 kilometres north-west of the city of Fes.	Karia Ba Mohamed	Morocco
country	Jazy Game Reserve is a reserve located in a flood plain of Jazy River of Osh Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Jazy Game Reserve	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Museum im Kulturspeicher Würzburg is a municipal art museum located at Veitshöchheimer Strasse 5, Würzburg, Northern Bavaria, Germany.	Museum im Kulturspeicher Würzburg	Germany
country	Piz Paradisin (also known as Pizzo Paradisino) is a mountain of the Livigno Alps, located on the border between Italy and Switzerland.	Piz Paradisin	Italy	Switzerland
country	The Loggia Rucellai is an Italian Renaissance loggia in Florence, Italy.	Loggia Rucellai	Italy
country	Kohneh Deh Dum (Persian: كهنه ده دوم‎, also Romanized as Kohneh Deh Dūm; also known as Kohneh Deh) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kohneh Deh Dum	Iran
country	Wixhausen is northern-most borough of the City of Darmstadt in southern Hesse, Germany.	Wixhausen	Germany
country	The Priorities and Planning Committee is a key organ of the Cabinet of Canada.	Priorities and Planning Committee	Canada
country	Ruwaished is a town in the far east of Jordan.	Ruwaished	Jordan
country	Cha Ung (Khmer: ចាអ៊ុង) is a commune in Ou Chum District in northeast Cambodia.	Cha Ung	Cambodia
country	Sveti Jurij ob Ščavnici (German: St. Georgen an der Stainz) is a settlement and a municipality in northeastern Slovenia.	Sveti Jurij ob Ščavnici	Slovenia
country	Chah-e Ziarat (Persian: چاه زيارت‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Zīārat) is a village in Hur Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Ziarat	Iran
country	Mungalalu Truscott Airbase or Truscott-Mungalalu Airport (IATA: TTX, ICAO: YTST), which during World War II was known as Truscott Airfield (or usually just simply referred to as Truscott) is today a commercial air field in the remote Kimberley region of Western Australia.	Mungalalu Truscott Airbase	Australia
country	Saturnia (Italian: (saˈturnja)) is a spa town in Tuscany in north-central Italy that has been inhabited since ancient times.	Saturnia	Italy
country	Yelahanka Gate Anjaneya Temple is an ancient Hindu temple dedicated to Anjaneya in Avenue Road, Bangalore, India.	Yelahanka Gate Anjaneya Temple	India
country	San Caprasio is a church in Santa Cruz de la Serós, Jacetania, Spain, in First Romanesque style.	San Caprasio	Spain
country	Keranggas (also known as Kranggas) is a settlement and Iban longhouse in Sarawak, Malaysia.	Keranggas	Malaysia
country	Budziechów (buˈd͡ʑexuf) (formerly German Baudach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasień, within Żary County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Budziechów	Poland
country	Žakovce (Hungarian: Izsákfalva, German: Eisdorf) is a village and municipality in Kežmarok District in the Prešov Region of north Slovakia.	Žakovce	Slovakia
country	The Warnow Tunnel (also known as the Warnow River Crossing and the Warnowquerung in German) is a road tunnel 790 m long which connects the east and west bank of the Warnow river in the Hanseatic city of Rostock in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Warnow Tunnel	Germany
country	Sobaeksan (Sobaek Mountain) is a mountain of the Sobaek Mountains, in South Korea.	Sobaeksan	South Korea
country	Akhmazkend (also, Osmanly) is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Akhmazkend	Azerbaijan
country	Soutpansberg Conservancy, also known as Western Soutpansberg Conservancy, is a protected area situated in the northern part of the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Soutpansberg Conservancy	South Africa
country	Zahrib (pronounced (zaˈxɾiːp)) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of the town of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zahrib	Slovenia
country	With the release of Suomi Finland Perkele, Impaled Nazarene dropped some of their aggression and made a stylistic shift, but this direction ended with the removal of Kimmo Luttinen from the line-up.	Impaled Nazarene	Finland
country	Göda, in Sorbian Hodźij, is a municipality in the east of Saxony, Germany.	Göda	Germany
country	Mata no Madh is a village in Lakhpat Taluka of Kutch district, Gujarat, India.	Mata no Madh	India
country	Fatutaka, Fatu Taka or Patu Taka (also known as Mitre Island) is a small high island in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu.	Fatutaka	Solomon Islands
country	Lilydale Airport (ICAO: YLIL) is a privately owned aerodrome located in the regional suburb of Yering, Victoria, Australia.	Lilydale Airport	Australia
country	Qurdtəpə (formerly Novodmitriyevka) is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qurdtəpə	Azerbaijan
country	Huamachuco District is one of the districts of the Sánchez Carrión province located in La Libertad Region in Peru.	Huamachuco District	Peru
country	Mazraeh-ye Karmani (Persian: مزرعه كرماني‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Karmānī) is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 11 families.	Mazraeh-ye Karmani	Iran
country	Jamtli is the name of the regional museum of Jämtland and Härjedalen in Östersund, Sweden.	Jamtli	Sweden
country	The Museum of Maritime Science (船の科学館, Fune-no-kagakukan) is a marine science museum located in Higashiyashio, Shinagawa, Tokyo on Odaiba, Japan.	Museum of Maritime Science	Japan
country	Polatlı Bugsaşspor is a sports club in located in Sincan, the outer borough of Ankara, Turkey.	Polatlı Bugsaşspor	Turkey
country	Cielęta (t͡ɕɛˈlɛnta) (German: Zeland) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Cielęta	Poland
country	Taverny Air Base (formerly Base Aérienne 921 ``Frères Mahé'' de Taverny) (ICAO: LFPJ) is located in the communities of Taverny and Bessancourt in the Val d'Oise département of France, twenty kilometers north of Paris.	Taverny Air Base	France
country	Nizhny Novgorod Fair (old name -- Makaryev Fair) (Russian: Нижегородская ярмарка) was a fair in Russia held annually every July near Makaryev Monastery on the left bank of the Volga River from the mid-16th century to 1816.	Nizhny Novgorod Fair	Russia
country	Treamis World School, Bangalore is a Kindergarten to 12th grade, co-educational day and boarding international school located near Electronics City in Bangalore, India.	Treamis World School	India
country	Saint Ignatius Gymnasium (St. Ignatiusgymnasium) is one of the five categorial gymnasia (a type of school) in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Ignatius Gymnasium	Netherlands
country	Bidar Airport (Kannada: ಬೀದರ್ ವಿಮಾನ ನಿಲ್ದಾಣ) also known as Bidar Air Force Station (ICAO: VOBR) is a military airbase airport in Bidar, Karnataka, India.	Bidar Airport	India
country	Margan Rural District (Persian: دهستان مارگان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Margan Rural District	Iran
country	Vetka Island is an island in the Sozh River near the Belarus town of Vetka.	Vetka Island	Belarus
country	Serpentine House (Finnish: Käärmetalo) is a modernist apartment building complex on Mäkelänkatu in the Käpylä district of Helsinki, Finland.	Serpentine House	Finland
country	Mekane Berhan (Ge'ez: መካነ ብርሃን mekāne birhān, ``Place of light'') is a town in northern Ethiopia.	Mekane Berhan	Ethiopia
country	Peracense is a town in the province of Teruel, Aragon, on the north-east of Spain.	Peracense	Spain
country	The Deba River (Basque: Deba ibaia; Spanish: río Deva) is a river in the Basque Country, Spain.	Deba River	Spain
country	Locks Brasserie is a former restaurant in Portobello, Dublin, Ireland.	Locks Brasserie	Ireland
country	Westside FC are a football (soccer) club based in Grovely, Queensland, Australia.	Westside FC	Australia
country	Krāslava New Palace (Latvian: Krāslavas jaunā pils; German: Schloss Kreslau) is a palace in the historical region of Latgale, in eastern Latvia.	Krāslava New Palace	Latvia
country	Sireniki (Russian: Сиреники; Yupik: Сиӷинык, literally Mountain of Horns; Chukchi: Вутээн) is a village (selo) in Providensky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia.	Sireniki	Russia
country	Marble Range Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located west of 100 Mile House and Clinton at the southwest edge of the Cariboo Plateau along the eastern edge of the Fraser Canyon south from Big Bar-Kostering and near Jesmond.	Marble Range Provincial Park	Canada
country	Arcatao is a very small town in the Department of Chalatenango, El Salvador.	Arcatao	El Salvador
country	Chinit River (alternates: Stung Chinit or Stoeng Chinith) is a river of Cambodia.	Chinit River	Cambodia
country	Ksudach (Russian: Ксудач) (also known as Vonyuchy Khrebet Volcano) is a stratovolcano in southern Kamchatka, Russia.	Ksudach	Russia
country	Çıldıran (also, Ch’ldran and Childyran) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çıldıran	Azerbaijan
country	Jaft Do Pa (Persian: جفت دو پا‎, also Romanized as Jaft Do Pā) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jaft Do Pa	Iran
country	Agormanya is a small town in the Lower Manya Krobo district of the Eastern Region of Ghana.	Agormanya	Ghana
country	Camperdown Cemetery is an historic cemetery located on Church Street in Newtown, an inner-city suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Camperdown Cemetery	Australia
country	Qorban Qelich Molla (Persian: قربان قليچ ملا‎, also Romanized as Qorbān Qelīch Mollā; also known as Qorbānqelīch) is a village in Kerend Rural District, Dashli Borun District, Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qorban Qelich Molla	Iran
country	Lundazi is a town in eastern Zambia, lying near the border with Malawi, around 116 mi (187 km) from Chipata.	Lundazi	Zambia
country	Niedrzakówek (ɲɛdʐaˈkuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Niedrzakówek	Poland
country	Dunback, formerly Waihemo, is a small town in the Otago region of New Zealand.	Dunback	New Zealand
country	The Bavarian Zugspitze Railway (German: Bayerische Zugspitzbahn) is one of four rack railways still working in Germany, along with the Wendelstein Railway, the Drachenfels Railway and the Stuttgart Rack Railway.	Bavarian Zugspitze Railway	Germany
country	St. Thomas of Villanova Catholic Secondary School is a publicly funded high school in LaSalle, Ontario, Canada.	St. Thomas of Villanova Catholic Secondary School	Canada
country	Minna Township Stadium (aka Bako Kontagora Stadium) is a multi-use stadium in Minna, Nigeria.	Minna Township Stadium	Nigeria
country	Arcahaie (Haitian Creole: Lakayè) is a commune in the Arcahaie Arrondissement, in the Ouest Department of Haiti.	Arcahaie	Haiti
country	The Barren Isles (Nosy Barren in Malagasy) are an archipelago located in an area spanning 40 km off the west coast of Madagascar, in the Melaky region.	Barren Isles	Madagascar
country	Ramanthuruthu is one of the smallest islands that make up the city of Kochi, Kerala, India.	Ramanthuruthu	India
country	Thalay Valley is in Ghanche, Gilgit Baltistan, Pakistan, on the bank of Shyok River, The Shyok River meets Indus river at Keris about 30 kilometers west of Thalay.	Thalay	Pakistan
country	Cronadun is a small village located in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island.	Cronadun	New Zealand
country	Zlatná na Ostrove (Hungarian: Csallóközaranyos, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈtʃɒlːoːkøzɒrɒɲoʃ)) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Zlatná na Ostrove	Slovakia
country	Janovice nad Úhlavou (German: Janowitz an der Angel) is a town in the Czech Republic.	Janovice nad Úhlavou	Czech Republic
country	Lypovets (Ukrainian: Липовець) is a town in Vinnytsia Oblast, Ukraine.	Lypovets	Ukraine
country	The Órbigo River is a river in the provinces of León and Zamora, Spain.	Órbigo	Spain
country	Pataveh-ye Gelal (Persian: پاتاوه گلال‎, also Romanized as Pāţāveh-ye Gelāl and Pātāveh-ye Gelāl) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pataveh-ye Gelal	Iran
country	The Aeronautical Development Agency (ADA) of India's Ministry of Defence was established at Bangalore, in 1984 to oversee the development of the nation's Light Combat Aircraft (LCA) programme.	Aeronautical Development Agency	India
country	Eslamabad-e Mugui (Persian: اسلام ابادموگوئي‎, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Mūgū’ī; also known as Eslāmābād, Shāh Bolāgh, and Shāh Bolāgh Mūkū’ī) is a village in Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Eslamabad-e Mugui	Iran
country	Apsigiyu or Apsigayu or Apsagayu is a village site of the Kwikwasut'inuxw and Mamalilikulla groups of the Kwakwaka'wakw peoples, located at the head of Shoal Harbour on the northwest side of Gilford Island, in the Queen Charlotte Strait-Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Apsigiyu	Canada
country	Puerto Octay is a town and commune located on the north shore of Llanquihue Lake in Los Lagos Region in the south of Chile.	Puerto Octay	Chile
country	Pizza Capers has over 110 stores throughout Australia, located in the Australian Capital Territory (ACT), New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania and Victoria.	Pizza Capers	Australia
country	Jemielnica (jɛmjɛlˈnit͡sa) (German: Himmelwitz) is a village in Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jemielnica	Poland
country	Shimla (Hindi: शिमला; English pronunciation: /ˈʃɪmlə/; Hindi: (ˈʃɪmlaː)), also known as Simla, is the capital city of the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, located in northern India.	Shimla	India
country	Black' Smith is an Italian restaurant franchise in South Korea.	Black' Smith	South Korea
country	Markowa (marˈkɔva) (Ukrainian: Маркова, Markova) is a village in Łańcut County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Markowa	Poland
country	Errisbeg Mountain or Errisbeg (Iorras Beag in Irish) situated at Roundstone, County Galway, in the West of Ireland with a height of 300 m.	Errisbeg	Ireland
country	The Flying Dutchman Funicular, also known as the Cape Point Funicular, is a funicular railway located at Cape Point, near the Cape of Good Hope in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Flying Dutchman Funicular	South Africa
country	The Hogeschool West-Vlaanderen (English: College West-Flanders), abbreviated as HOWEST, is a college in West-Flanders, a province of Belgium.	Hogeschool West-Vlaanderen	Belgium
country	CBET-DT, virtual and VHF digital channel 9, is a CBC Television owned-and-operated television station located in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.	CBET-DT	Canada
country	Gręboszyce (ɡrɛmbɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ) (German: Krompusch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in southwestern Poland.	Gręboszyce	Poland
country	Einsatzgruppe C carried out the Babi Yar massacre and a number of other mass atrocities in Ukraine during the summer and autumn of 1941.	Babi Yar	Ukraine
country	Asematunneli (Swedish: Stationstunneln) is an underground shopping center connecting the Helsinki Central railway station and City-Center in downtown Helsinki, Finland.	Asematunneli	Finland
country	Barbentane is a French commune of the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of southern France.	Barbentane	France
country	The Lopper Road Tunnel is a tunnel in central Switzerland.	Lopper Road Tunnel	Switzerland
country	Damachava (Belarusian: Дамачава; Russian: Домáчево, Domachevo, Polish: Domaczewo) is an Urban-type settlement in Belarus, Brest Raion, Brest Voblast.	Damachava	Belarus
country	Trion Navarchon Street (Greek: Οδός των τριών Ναυάρχων, translated: ``street of the three Admirals''), is a street in central Patras, Greece.	Trion Navarchon Street	Greece
country	Karelian National Okrug (Russian: Карельский национальный о́круг, Karelsky Natsionalny okrug), was a territory with special status within Kalinin Oblast, Soviet Union.	Karelian National Okrug	Soviet Union
country	Tossens is a village on the Butjadingen peninsula in Germany, in the Bundesland of Niedersachsen.	Tossens	Germany
country	Nowe Warele (ˈnɔvɛ vaˈrɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Nowe Warele	Poland
country	Kallieis (Greek: Καλλιείς, full form Δήμος Καλλιέων) is a former municipality in the northern part of Phocis, Greece.	Kallieis	Greece
country	The PMI Colleges Bohol is a private, non-sectarian, co-educational institution of higher learning in Tagbilaran City, Bohol, Philippines and is part of the PMI Colleges.	PMI Colleges Bohol	Philippines
country	Col des Roches (el. 919 m.) is a mountain pass in the Jura Mountains on the border between the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland and France.	Col des Roches	Switzerland	France
country	Lower Silesian Wilderness ( Polish: Bory Dolnoslaskie German: Niederschlesische Heide,) is the largest continuous forest of Poland, with total area of 1650 square kilometers.	Lower Silesian Wilderness	Poland
country	Idrijski Log (pronounced (ˈiːdɾii̯ski ˈloːk); Italian: Loga d'Idria) is a dispersed settlement on the right bank of the upper course of the Idrijca River in the hills south of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Idrijski Log	Slovenia
country	Abertamy (in German Abertham) is a town in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.	Abertamy	Czech Republic
country	Treaty 2 is an agreement signed on August 21, 1871, between the Crown in Right of Canada and various First Nation band governments in southwestern Manitoba and a small part of southeastern Saskatchewan; treaty signatories from this region included the Ojibwe Nations.	Treaty 2	Canada
country	Stedelijk Museum Bureau Amsterdam (SMBA) is a project space for contemporary art in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Stedelijk Museum Bureau Amsterdam	Netherlands
country	The Craigieburn Range forms part of the Southern Alps in New Zealand's South Island.	Craigieburn Range	New Zealand
country	Al Hamamah (Arabic: الحمامة‎) is a village on the coast of eastern Libya, some 20 km (12 mi) north of Al Bayda.	Al Hamamah	Libya
country	San Luis Somos Todos (UCI Team Code: SLS) is a continental cycling team based in Argentina that participates in UCI Continental Circuits races.	San Luis Somos Todos	Argentina
country	Poronaysk (Russian: Порона́йск; Japanese: 敷香, Shisuka; Ainu: Sistukari or Sisi Tukari) is a town and the administrative center of Poronaysky District of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia, located on the Poronay River 288 kilometers (179 mi) north of Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk.	Poronaysk	Russia
country	Hjálparfoss (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈçaul̥parˌfɔsː)) is one of several waterfalls in the south of Iceland situated in the lava fields north of the stratovolcano Hekla near the point where the rivers Fossá and Þjórsá join.	Hjálparfoss	Iceland
country	Hwanseon Cave (환선굴) is a cave located in Gangwon province, South Korea.	Hwanseon Cave	South Korea
country	Piteå Elit is a cross-country skiing club from Piteå in the north of Sweden.	Piteå Elit	Sweden
country	Takhteh Sang-e Sofla (Persian: تخته سنگ سفلي‎, also Romanized as Takhteh Sang-e Soflá) is a village in Banesh Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Takhteh Sang-e Sofla	Iran
country	Bellahøj is an area situated 5 kilometres to the northwest of central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Bellahøj	Denmark
country	Bastašići (Cyrillic: Басташићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bastašići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Free Party Salzburg (German: Freie Partei Salzburg, FPS) is a political party in Austria active in the state of Salzburg.	Free Party Salzburg	Austria
country	Sierro is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain, It is located in the valley of the River Sierro in the 'Comarca del Mármol', county of the marble.	Sierro	Spain
country	Bakri or often Bukit Bakri is a town in Muar District, Johor, Malaysia.	Bukit Bakri	Malaysia
country	Vrzdenec (pronounced (ʋəɾˈzdɛːnəts); German: Schönbrunn) is a village west of Horjul in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Vrzdenec	Slovenia
country	Haukedalen Church (Norwegian: Haukedalen kyrkje) is a parish church in Førde Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Haukedalen Church	Norway
country	Haibak is a town of Afghanistan in the Samangan Province and is a former khanate of Afghan Turkestan.	Haibak	Afghanistan
country	The Amphitheatre of Mérida (Spanish: Anfiteatro de Mérida) is a ruined Roman amphitheatre situated in the Roman colony of Emerita Augusta, present-day Mérida, in Spain.	Amphitheatre of Mérida	Spain
country	Chenes (Persian: چنس‎) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chenes	Iran
country	Elakurichi a small village in Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, South India, is a Catholic pilgrimage center dedicated to Virgin Mary.	Elakurichi	India
country	Kirwee is a town located west of Christchurch in the Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.	Kirwee	New Zealand
country	Jadów (ˈjaduf) is a village in Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jadów	Poland
country	Route Trident (known locally as the New or Big Road) was built by the British Army's Royal Engineers in Helmand Province, Afghanistan.	Route Trident	Afghanistan
country	Townhouse Designhotel Maastricht is a four-star design hotel located in the Wyck district in Maastricht, Netherlands.	Townhouse Designhotel Maastricht	Netherlands
country	Fischerhude is a village located next to the Wümme river in northern Germany between Bremen and Hamburg.	Fischerhude	Germany
country	Sirohi (Rajasthani: सिरोही) is a city in southern Rajasthan state in western India.	Sirohi	India
country	The Bin el Ouidane Dam is an arch dam located 28 kilometres (17 mi) south of Beni Mellal on the El Abid River in Azilal Province, Morocco.	Bin el Ouidane Dam	Morocco
country	Jamke Chatta railway station (Urdu: جمکے چھٹہ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Jamke Chatta village, Gujranwala district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Jamke Chatta railway station	Pakistan
country	Bremnes Church (Norwegian: Bremnes kirke) is a parish church in Bømlo municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Bremnes Church	Norway
country	Shortland Island (once known as Alu) is the largest island of the Shortland Islands, Solomon Islands, at 7°3′S 155°45′E. It was named after John Shortland.	Shortland Island	Solomon Islands
country	Strigkos (Greek: Στρίγκος) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Tegea, Arcadia, Greece.	Strigkos	Greece
country	Mainz-Bingen is a district (Kreis) in the east of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Mainz-Bingen	Germany
country	Mill en Sint Hubert (Dutch pronunciation: (mɪl ɛn sɪnt ˈɦybɛrt)) is a municipality in the southern Netherlands.	Mill en Sint Hubert	Netherlands
country	Ikhlas Garh (Urdu: اخلاص گڑھ‎) is a village located in district of Gujrat, Pakistan.	Ikhlas Garh	Pakistan
country	Juragua Nuclear Power Plant was a nuclear power plant under construction in Cuba when a suspension of construction was announced in 1992 following the collapse of the Soviet Union and the termination of Soviet economic aid to Cuba.	Juragua Nuclear Power Plant	Cuba
country	Bellpuig (Catalan pronunciation: (ˌbeʎˈputʃ)) is a town in the comarca (county) of l'Urgell in Catalonia, Spain.	Bellpuig	Spain
country	Lechaio (Greek: Λέχαιο) is a village in the municipal unit of Assos-Lechaio in Corinthia, Greece.	Lechaio	Greece
country	LuK Challenge Chrono was a road bicycle race held annually as a team time trial for pairs in Bühl, Germany.	LuK Challenge Chrono	Germany
country	Yongfeng County (simplified Chinese: 永丰县; traditional Chinese: 永豐縣; pinyin: Yǒngfēng Xiàn) is a county of Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China.	Yongfeng County	People's Republic of China
country	NK Vitez is football club based in Vitez, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	NK Vitez	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Sheykh Kalag (Persian: شيخ كلگ‎; also known as Shey Kallak and Sheykh-e Kallak) is a village in Talang Rural District, Talang District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Kalag	Iran
country	Okaliniec (ɔkaˈliɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miasteczko Krajeńskie, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Okaliniec	Poland
country	Torre di Lavina (3,308m) is a mountain of the Graian Alps located on the border of Aosta Valley and Piedmont, Italy.	Torre di Lavina	Italy
country	Qaleh Qurineh (Persian: قلعه قورينه‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Qūrīneh) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 80, in 15 families.	Qaleh Qurineh	Iran
country	Koldan-e Olya (Persian: كلدان عليا‎, also Romanized as Koldān-e ``Olyā) is a village in Khabar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 78, in 26 families.	Koldan-e Olya	Iran
country	The University of Sousse (Arabic: جامعة سوسة‎) is a public university in Sousse, Tunisia.	University of Sousse	Tunisia
country	Lachu Mahalleh (Persian: لاچومحله‎, also Romanized as Lāchū Maḩalleh; also known as Lācheh Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lachu Mahalleh	Iran
country	Oskarshamn is a coastal city and the seat of Oskarshamn Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 17,258 inhabitants in 2010.	Oskarshamn	Sweden
country	Kvinnherad Church (Norwegian: Kvinnherad kyrkje) is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Kvinnherad Church	Norway
country	Topremang is a city in the district of Kwaebibirem in the Eastern Region of Ghana.	Topremang	Ghana
country	Aşağı Maralyan (also, Ashaga Maral’yan, Ashagy-Maral’yan, Maral’yan, and Maral’yanskiy) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Maralyan	Azerbaijan
country	Cape Banks is a headland located at the south end of Bucks Bay and the north end of Bungaloo Bay on the south east coast of South Australia about 36 kilometres (22 mi) west south west of the city of Mount Gambier.	Cape Banks	Australia
country	Kapoeta East County is an administrative region of Eastern Equatoria state in South Sudan, bordered by Kenya to the south, Ethiopia to the east and Jonglei state to the west.	Kapoeta East County	South Sudan
country	Novoazovsk (Ukrainian: Новоазовськ, Russian: Новоазовск) is a border town on the south-eastern tip of Ukraine (bordering Russia), it is the administrative center of the Novoazovsk Raion (district), in Donetsk Oblast (province).	Novoazovsk	Ukraine
country	Bathia is a town and commune in northern Algeria.	Bathia	Algeria
country	Teagasc (Irish pronunciation: (ˈtʲəɡəsˠk), meaning ``Instruction'') is the semi-state authority in the Republic of Ireland responsible for research and development, training and advisory services in the agri-food sector.	Teagasc	Ireland
country	Gustav Mankenberg was born on August 12, 1857 in the town of Wittstock on the river Dosse/Germany as eighth child to the self-employed master blacksmith Johann Friedrich Mankenberg.	Mankenberg	Germany
country	Leelinger Island is a flat dolerite island with an area of 1.54 ha in south-eastern Australia.	Leelinger Island	Australia
country	Bibile (also spelled:Bibila) is a town located in Monaragala District, Uva Province of Sri Lanka.	Bibile	Sri Lanka
country	Depala Vas (pronounced (ˈdeːpala ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Depala vas, German: Depelsdorf) is a settlement in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Depala Vas	Slovenia
country	The Cerrejón Formation is a geologic formation in Colombia dating back to the Middle-Late Paleocene.	Cerrejón Formation	Colombia
country	Isla San Diego is a small island in Mexico in the southern Gulf of California.	Isla San Diego	Mexico
country	Przededworze (pʂɛdɛdˈvɔʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Przededworze	Poland
country	North Town Centre (formerly called North Town Mall) is a 270,000 square foot shopping centre located in the northern part of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	North Town Centre	Canada
country	Kasan Wala Dera is a small village situated in the Soon Valley, Khushab District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Kasan Wala	Pakistan
country	Lossiemouth is in the Moray (Westminster) constituency of the The United Kingdom Parliament which returns a Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons, at Westminster.	Lossiemouth	United Kingdom
country	The Forest of Rambouillet or Forest of Yveline (Forêt de Rambouillet, or Forêt de l'Yveline) is a large forest covering some 200 km², located to the west of Paris, in the Île-de-France region in northern France.	Forest of Rambouillet	France
country	The 1964 Provincial Speedway League was the fifth and final season of the Provincial League in the United Kingdom.	1964 Provincial Speedway League	United Kingdom
country	Vērgale Palace (Latvian: Vērgales muižas pils) is a palace in Vērgale parish, Pāvilosta municipality, in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.	Vērgale Palace	Latvia
country	The Jogeshwari Caves are some of the earliest Hindus and Buddhist cave temples sculptures located in the Mumbai suburb of Jogeshwari, India.	Jogeshwari Caves	India
country	Wola Kuźniewska (ˈvɔla kuʑˈɲefska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Kuźniewska	Poland
country	Luciano Berio, a well known Italian composer returned to Italy to live in Radicondoli in 1972.	Radicondoli	Italy
country	Ziedlejas is a village in Alsunga Municipality in the historical region of Courland in Latvia.	Ziedlejas	Latvia
country	Robat Mil (Persian: رباط ميل‎, also Romanized as Robāţ Mīl and Robāţ-e Mīl; also known as Marān and Robāţ) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Robat Mil	Iran
country	Bura Jungle is a medium size village located in northeast Punjab, Pakistan.	Bura Jungle	Pakistan
country	Krivi Put is a village located in a forested area near Senj, in Lika-Senj County, Croatia.	Krivi Put	Croatia
country	Port Hope Simpson Airport (IATA: YHA, TC LID: CCP4) is 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) south of Port Hope Simpson, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Port Hope Simpson Airport	Canada
country	Do Moura River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.	Do Moura River	Brazil
country	The Jewish Museum in Oslo aims at informing about Jews in Norway.	Jewish Museum in Oslo	Norway
country	Cancho Roano (sometimes Cancho Ruano) is an archaeological site located in the municipality of Zalamea de la Serena, in the province of Badajoz, Spain.	Cancho Roano	Spain
country	Pythio (Greek: Πύθιο), sometimes referred to as Pythion, is a village and community in the eastern part of Didymoteicho municipality, Evros regional unit, Greece.	Pythio	Greece
country	Fedamore (Irish: Feadaimir, meaning ``Wood of Damar'') is a small village in County Limerick, Ireland.	Fedamore	Ireland
country	Kelanoa Harbour is a harbour on the north coast of Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea serving the town of Kelanoa.	Kelanoa Harbour	Papua New Guinea
country	Jagodziniec (jaɡɔˈd͡ʑiɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Jagodziniec	Poland
country	The Luis A. Ferré Performing Arts Center, or Centro de Bellas Artes Luis A. Ferré (CBA) in Spanish, is a multi-use performance centre located Santurce, San Juan, Puerto Rico.	Luis A. Ferré Performing Arts Center	Puerto Rico
country	The Jardin botanique exotique de Menton (11,000 m²), also known as the Jardin botanique exotique du Val Rahmeh, is a botanical garden located off Avenue St Jacques, Menton, Alpes-Maritimes, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.	Jardin botanique exotique de Menton	France
country	Museum Arnhem ( formerly Municipal Museum and Museum of Modern Art Arnhem ) is a museum of modern art, contemporary art , applied art and design in the Netherlands , with art from the 20th century.	Museum Arnhem	Netherlands
country	Kamak-e Khoda Rahem (Persian: كمك خدارحم‎, also Romanized as Kamak-e Khodā Raḥem) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kamak-e Khoda Rahem	Iran
country	The University of Fribourg (French: Université de Fribourg; German: Universität Freiburg) is a university in the city of Fribourg, Switzerland.	University of Fribourg	Switzerland
country	Pelorus Islet (also known as Pelorus Reef and Pelorus Rock) is an islet located in Great Australian Bight off the south coast of Kangaroo Island in South Australia approximately 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) east south-east of Cape Gantheaume.	Pelorus Islet	Australia
country	``Limba noastră'' (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈlimba ˈno̯astrə), meaning ``Our Language'') is the national anthem of the Republic of Moldova since 1994.	Limba noastră	Moldova
country	Kargah Jehad (Persian: كارگاه جهاد‎, also Romanized as Kārgāh Jehād) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kargah Jehad	Iran
country	Haut-Katanga District (Upper Katanga District) is a district located in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Haut-Katanga District	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Hisyah (Arabic: حسياء‎, also spelled Hasya, Hasiyah, Hesa or Hessia) is a town in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located about 35 kilometers south of Homs.	Hisyah	Syria
country	Golemiya Kazan (Bulgarian: Големия казан) is part of an area below Vihren called Kazanite in Bulgaria's Pirin mountain range.	Golemiya Kazan	Bulgaria
country	Stare Davydkovo (Ukrainian: Стáре Давидкóво, Russian: Стáрое Давыдкóво, Hungarian: Ódávidháza) is a small farming village in the suburbs of Mukachevo (Munkács) in Transcarpathian Ukraine.	Stare Davydkovo	Ukraine
country	Motijhil (also Motijheel, literal translation: Pearl Lake), also known as Company Bagh due to its association with the East India Company, is a horse-shoe shaped lake in Murshidabad, West Bengal, India.	Motijhil	India
country	Markazi Rural District (Persian: دهستان مركزئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Markazi Rural District	Iran
country	Hamzanlu (Persian: حمزانلو‎, also Romanized as Ḩamzānlū) is a village in Aladagh Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hamzanlu	Iran
country	Khao Tha Phet (Thai: เขาท่าเพชร) is a hill near the town of Surat Thani, southern Thailand.	Khao Tha Phet	Thailand
country	Motor-Sich currently produces the D-18T turbofan which powers variants of the Antonov An-124 and An-225 freighters although the D-36/D-436 series remains the highest production-rate engine in the CIS Motor Sich inherited most of the former Soviet Union's aero engine manufacturing capabilities.	Motor Sich	Soviet Union
country	Sangam-dong is a legal dong, neighbourhood of the Mapo-gu district in Seoul, South Korea.	Sangam-dong	South Korea
country	Najand Institute of Higher Education is a public university located in Urmia, West Azerbaijan, Iran.	Najand Institute of Higher Education	Iran
country	Tonj, also spelled Tong, is a town in South Sudan.	Tonj	South Sudan
country	Calgary-East formally styled Calgary East is a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada.	Calgary-East	Canada
country	Machu Rit'i (Quechua machu old, old person, rit'i snow, ``old snow (mountain)'', hispanicized spelling Macho Ritti) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Machu Rit'i	Peru
country	Le Roys Bush, Auckland, New Zealand is a public reserve between Birkenhead and Northcote, Auckland.	Le Roys Bush, Auckland	New Zealand
country	College Harry Brakeman is a United Methodist school (primary and secondary) in Haiti.	College Harry Brakeman	Haiti
country	Zehak (Persian: زهك‎‎) is a city in and the capital of Zehak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Zehak	Iran
country	The Mixteca Region is a region in the state of Oaxaca, Mexico, part of the broader La Mixteca area which covers parts of the states of Puebla, Guerrero and Oaxaca.	Mixteca Region	Mexico
country	Paschim Vihar is an upper middle-class residential area in Delhi, India falling under the Punjabi Bagh subzone of West Delhi.	Paschim Vihar	India
country	Venta ( pronunciation ) is a small city in Lithuania in the Akmenė district municipality.	Venta	Lithuania
country	Jaszczułty (jaʂˈt͡ʂuu̯tɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jaszczułty	Poland
country	Thomas Embling Hospital is a high security forensic mental health hospital located in Fairfield, an inner Melbourne suburb in Victoria, Australia.	Thomas Embling Hospital	Australia
country	Torrena or Torre Nacional (National Tower) was a planned 336.5 metres (1,104 ft)-high telecommunications and entertainment vaporware tower in the city of Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.	Torrena	Mexico
country	Słomniki (swɔmˈɲikʲi) is a town in southern Poland, situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship (since 1999), previously in Kraków Voivodeship (1975-1998).	Słomniki	Poland
country	Wagga Wagga Botanic Gardens, Australia are located in the Wagga Wagga suburb of Turvey Park on a 20 hectare site on the south western slopes of Willans Hill Reserve.	Wagga Wagga Botanic Gardens	Australia
country	Daqing No.1 Middle School (simplified Chinese: 大庆第一中学; traditional Chinese: 大慶第一中學; pinyin: Dàqìng Dìyī Zhōngxué) is a middle school in Ranghulu District, Daqing, Heilongjiang, People's Republic of China.	Daqing No.1 Middle School	People's Republic of China
country	EzerNet Ltd. was a wireless and cable Internet service provider in Latvia, offering FTTH, MVDS, (pre-)WiMax and satellite access.	EzerNet	Latvia
country	The Salloomt River is a river in the Bella Coola Valley of the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada.	Salloomt River	Canada
country	Kirazcık is a village of Taşköprü District of Kastamonu Province, Turkey.	Kirazcık	Turkey
country	Mount Potts is a specialist backcountry station located in the upper reaches of the Rangitata Valley, Canterbury, New Zealand.	Mount Potts	New Zealand
country	Leuville-sur-Orge is a commune 31 km (19 mi) south of Paris, France.	Leuville-sur-Orge	France
country	The Republic of Adygea (/ɑːdᵻˈɡeɪ.ə/; Russian: Респу́блика Адыге́я, tr. Respublika Adygeya; IPA: (ɐdɨˈɡʲejə); Adyghe: Адыгэ Республик, Adıge Respublik), also known as the Adyghe Republic, is a federal subject of Russia (a republic), with its territory enclaved within Krasnodar Krai.	Adygea	Russia
country	The Deutsches Ärzteblatt is a weekly German-language medical magazine published in Germany.	Deutsches Ärzteblatt	Germany
country	Kolbuszowa (kɔlbuˈʂɔva) is a small town in south-eastern Poland, with 9,190 inhabitants (02.06.2009).	Kolbuszowa	Poland
country	Ardahan (Armenian: Արդահան; Georgian: არტაანი) is a city in northeastern Turkey, near the Georgian border.	Ardahan	Turkey
country	Lielvārde Castle (Lielvārde bishop's castle) is a castle in Lielvārde - town in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.	Lielvārde Castle	Latvia
country	Murcian cheese (Spanish: queso de Murcia) is a fatty goats' milk cheese from the Murcia region of south-east Spain.	Murcian cheese	Spain
country	Reinoksvatnet (Reindeer Lake) (Lule Sami: Hierggejávrre) is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Reinoksvatnet	Norway
country	Poiana Mărului (German: Bleschbach; Hungarian: Almásmező) is a commune in Braşov County, Romania.	Poiana Mărului	Romania
country	Rondeau Boulevard (full name in Spanish: Boulevard General José Rondeau) is a two-way, four-lane avenue and arterial road in Rosario, province of Santa Fe, Argentina.	Rondeau Boulevard	Argentina
country	Bahman Yari (Persian: بهمنياري‎, also Romanized as Bahman Yārī) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bahman Yari	Iran
country	Pic del Port Vell is a mountain in the Pyrenees on the border of Spain and northwest Andorra.	Pic del Port Vell	Spain	Andorra
country	Mowzar (Persian: موزار‎, also Romanized as Mowzār) is a village in Juyom Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mowzar	Iran
country	Goli Nuiyeh (Persian: گلينوييه‎, also Romanized as Golī Nū’īyeh and Golī Now’īyeh; also known as Golūnū’īyeh) is a village in Siyah Banuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Goli Nuiyeh	Iran
country	Joal-Fadiouth is a village at the end of the Petite Côte of Senegal, south-east of Dakar.	Joal-Fadiouth	Senegal
country	Mali Nerajec (pronounced (ˈmaːli nɛˈɾaːjəts); German: Kleinnaraiz) is a small settlement south of Dragatuš in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Mali Nerajec	Slovenia
country	Bandit Radio or Bandit 105.5, the ``Rock Home of Stockholm'' was one of the first commercial broadcasting radio stations in Sweden.	Bandit Radio	Sweden
country	Zdenci is a village and municipality in Croatia in the Virovitica--	Zdenci	Croatia
country	South Koel River (Odia: ଦକ୍ଷିଣ କୋଏଲ ନଦୀ; Hindi: दक्शिणि कोयेल नदी) runs across Jharkhand and Odisha states in India.	South Koel River	India
country	Aylesford Mountain, Nova Scotia is a community in the Kings County, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Aylesford Mountain, Nova Scotia	Canada
country	The Fastnet Race is a famous biennial offshore yachting race organised by the Royal Ocean Racing Club of the United Kingdom.	Fastnet Race	United Kingdom
country	Katavothra (Greek: Καταβόθρα, Albanian: Luarat) is a town in Thesprotia, Epirus, Greece.	Katavothra	Greece
country	Punta Arenas Sandra Scabini Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Punta Arenas Sandra Scabini, ICAO: SCNS) is a public use airport located 115 kilometres (71 mi) northeast of Punta Arenas, Magallanes y Antártica Chilena, Chile.	Punta Arenas Sandra Scabini Airport	Chile
country	Ayrınc (also, Arınc, Arindzh, Aryndzh, and Aryndzhkend) is a village and municipality in the Shahbuz District of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Ayrınc	Azerbaijan
country	Pigenia (Greek: Πηγενια) is a small village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, southwest of Kato Pyrgos.	Pigenia	Cyprus
country	Saratak (Armenian: Սարատակ; formerly, Imrkhan) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Saratak	Armenia
country	Roncesvalles (Spanish pronunciation: (ronθezˈβaʎes); Basque: Orreaga (oreaɣa), Aragonese: Ronzesbals (ronθesˈbals), Italian: Roncisvalle (rontʃizˈvalle), French: Roncevaux (ʁɔ̃s(ə)vo)) is a small village and municipality in Navarre, northern Spain.	Roncesvalles	Spain
country	Bolgheh Teymur (Persian: بلغه تيمور‎; also known as Bolfah Teymūr and Bolfeh Taymūr) is a village in Barvanan-e Gharbi Rural District, Torkamanchay District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bolgheh Teymur	Iran
country	Île Frégate is a small, uninhabited island in the Caribbean Sea located off the north coast of Saint Barthélemy, an overseas collectivity of France.	Île Frégate	France
country	Dublin 4 is a postal district of Dublin, Ireland including Baggot Street Upper and the suburbs of Ballsbridge, Donnybrook, Irishtown, Merrion, Ringsend (including South Lotts and parts of Grand Canal Dock) and Sandymount, on the South side of Dublin.	Dublin 4	Ireland
country	The Palazzo Anguissola or Anguissola Traversi is a palace located at Via Manzoni number 10, in central Milan, a city in the northern Italy.	Palazzo Anguissola	Italy
country	Foldereid is a village and a former municipality in the northern part of Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Foldereid	Norway
country	The Le Royal Monceau Raffles Paris is a luxury hotel located at 37 avenue Hoche, 8th arrondissement, Paris, France.	Royal Monceau Raffles Paris	France
country	Desouk Stadium (Arabic: ستاد دسوق‎) is a multi-purpose stadium in Desouk, Egypt.	Desouk Stadium	Egypt
country	Irganai Dam is a hydroelectric dam in the Untskul region of Dagestan, Russia.	Irganai Dam	Russia
country	The 2014 European Modern Pentathlon Championships are being held in Székesfehérvár, Hungary from July 10 to 15, 2014.	2014 European Modern Pentathlon Championships	Hungary
country	The Banjšice Plateau (Slovene: Banjška planota, also Banjšice or Banjščice, Italian: Altopiano della Bainsizza) is a karst plateau in western Slovenia, in the traditional region of Goriška.	Banjšice Plateau	Slovenia
country	Zell am Harmersbach is a small town and a historic ``Reichsstadt'' in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Zell am Harmersbach	Germany
country	Türkəkəran (also, Tyurkyakeran) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Türkəkəran	Azerbaijan
country	Maghdouché (also Maghdouche, Maghdoucheh or Maghdousheh) is a town in the South Governorate in Lebanon.	Maghdouché	Lebanon
country	Amga River (Russian: Амга) is a river in Sakha (Yakutia), Russia.	Amga River	Russia
country	Monkinie (mɔŋˈkiɲe), (Lithuanian: Mankynė), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Monkinie	Poland
country	BJR Nagar is a suburb of Hyderabad, India, located next to Lalaguda, Shanthinagar and Moulali in Malkajgiri.	BJR Nagar	India
country	Mount Tongariro (/ˈtɒŋɡəˌrɛ.roʊ/; Māori pronunciation: (tɔŋaɾiɾɔ)) is a compound volcano in the Taupo Volcanic Zone of the North Island of New Zealand.	Mount Tongariro	New Zealand
country	Severo-Eniseysk Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Северо-Енисейск) (ICAO: UNIS) is an airport in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, located 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) southwest of Severo-Eniseysk.	Severo-Eniseysk Airport	Russia
country	The Grips-Theater in Berlin, Germany is a well-known and well-respected theater for children and youth.	Grips-Theater	Germany
country	Martensøya is the easternmost island of Sjuøyane, which lies north of Nordaustlandet, part of the Svalbard archipelago in Arctic Norway.	Martensøya	Norway
country	Nattland (also written ``Natland'') is a neighbourhood in Årstad and Fana boroughs in the city of Bergen in Hordaland county, Norway.	Nattland	Norway
country	Gandhinagar, Thrissur is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India.	Gandhinagar, Thrissur	India
country	Västra Frölunda, sometimes referred to as just Frölunda, is one of 21 boroughs in the city of Gothenburg, Sweden.	Västra Frölunda	Sweden
country	Klüsserath on the Moselle River is a commune of the Verbandsgemeinde Schweich in the district Trier-Saarburg in Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany, between Bernkastel-Kues and Trier.	Klüsserath	Germany
country	Vetluga (Russian: Ветлу́га) is a town and the administrative center of Vetluzhsky District in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Vetluga River.	Vetluga	Russia
country	Copenhagen Castle (Danish: Københavns Slot) was a castle on Slotsholmen in Copenhagen, Denmark, built in the late 14th century at the site of the current Christiansborg Palace.	Copenhagen Castle	Denmark
country	Chikly was declared a national cultural heritage in December 1993 and is owned by Ministry of Culture of Tunisia.	Chikly	Tunisia
country	Received Pronunciation (/rɪˈsiːvd prəˌnʌnsiˈeɪʃən/; RP) is the accent of Standard English in the United Kingdom, with a relationship to regional accents similar to the relationship in other European languages between their standard varieties and their regional forms.	Received Pronunciation	United Kingdom
country	Al Markada (Arabic: المركاض‎), also spelled Al Marked or Al Markad, is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Markada	United Arab Emirates
country	Cabaiguán (Spanish pronunciation: (kaβaiˈɣwan)) is a municipality and town in the province of Sancti Spíritus, Cuba.	Cabaiguán	Cuba
country	Te Rapa is a mixed light industrial, large scale retail and semi-rural suburb to the northwest of central Hamilton, New Zealand that is built on a flat area that was previously the bed of an ancient river,the forerunner to the present Waikato River.	Te Rapa	New Zealand
country	Əhmədağalı (also, Akhmedagaly) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əhmədağalı	Azerbaijan
country	Beauvoorde Castle (Dutch: Kasteel Beauvoorde) is a castle in Wulveringem, which since 1977 has been part of the municipality of Veurne, West Flanders, Belgium.	Beauvoorde Castle	Belgium
country	The Taieri River is the fourth-longest river in New Zealand and is in Otago in the South Island.	Taieri River	New Zealand
country	Zabiče (pronounced (zaˈbiːtʃɛ); Italian: Zabice Castelvecchio) is a village in the Municipality of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia.	Zabiče	Slovenia
country	Beyram District (Persian: بخش بیرم‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Gerash County, Fars Province, Iran.	Beyram District	Iran
country	Islamic University of Technology (IUT) (Arabic: الجامعة الإسلامية للتقنية‎; Bengali: ইসলামিক ইউনিভার্সিটি অব টেকনোলজি ) is an educational and research institution in Bangladesh run and funded by the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC).	Islamic University of Technology	Bangladesh
country	The Tartu Observatory (Estonian: Tartu Observatoorium) is the largest astronomical observatory in Estonia.	Tartu Observatory	Estonia
country	Oslo West Station (Norwegian: Oslo Vestbanestasjon) or Oslo V, is a former railway station located in Vika in Oslo, Norway.	Oslo West Station	Norway
country	Rzgów Drugi (ˈʐɡuf ˈdruɡi) (``Second Rzgów'', as distinct from the neighbouring Rzgów Pierwszy, ``First Rzgów'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rzgów Drugi	Poland
country	Kryal Castle is a replica medieval castle located eight kilometres east of Ballarat, Australia, at Leigh Creek, just north of Dunnstown, in the foothills of Mount Warrenheip.	Kryal Castle	Australia
country	High School Dalj is a public high school in Dalj, Erdut municipality, Croatia.	High School Dalj	Croatia
country	Dunbar Island is part of the West Point Island Group of the Falkland Islands.	Dunbar Island	Falkland Islands
country	The Mosque City of Bagerhat (Bengali: মসজিদের শহর বাগেরহাট) is a formerly lost city, located in the suburbs of Bagerhat city in Bagerhat District, in the Khulna Division of southwest of Bangladesh.	Mosque City of Bagerhat	Bangladesh
country	The Hochschule Weihenstephan-Triesdorf (Weihenstephan-Triesdorf University of Applied Science) is a Fachhochschule in Freising, Germany.	Hochschule Weihenstephan-Triesdorf	Germany
country	Cavad (also, Dzhavad and Dzhavat) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Cavad	Azerbaijan
country	Michrówek (miˈxruvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Michrówek	Poland
country	Gonâve Island (French: Île de la Gonâve, pronounced: (ɡɔ.nav); also La Gonâve) is an island of Haiti located west-northwest of Port-au-Prince in the Gulf of Gonâve.	Gonâve Island	Haiti
country	The Sainte-Maxime International Horror Film Festival is an annual horror film festival located in Sainte-Maxime, France.	Sainte-Maxime International Horror Film Festival	France
country	Domestically, Paris Saint-Germain Féminines has won the Division 2 Féminine title once and the Coupe de France Féminine once.	Paris Saint-Germain Féminines	France
country	Mashin (Persian: ماشين‎, also Romanized as Māshīn; also known as Deh-e Māshīn and Marshīn) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mashin	Iran
country	Wat Phnom (Khmer: វត្តភ្នំ; ``Mountain Pagoda'') is a Buddhist temple (wat) located in Phnom Penh, Cambodia.	Wat Phnom	Cambodia
country	Ramshin (Persian: رامشين‎, also Romanized as Rāmshīn; also known as Pūnam) is a village in Pirakuh Rural District, in the Central District of Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ramshin	Iran
country	Krakiai (Samogitian: Krakē), a village on Venta River in Northeastern Lithuania, Mažeikiai district municipality.	Krakiai	Lithuania
country	Cato Manor is a working-class area located seven kilometers from the city centre of Durban, South Africa.	Cato Manor	South Africa
country	Pagny-le-Château is a commune of the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.	Pagny-le-Château	France
country	Hinterwaldberg is a dispersed settlement in the Oberpinzgau, the upper Salzach valley and the district of Zell am See/Pinzgau, and is a village and Katastralgemeinde in the municipality of Wald im Pinzgau, on the southern edge of the Kitzbühel Alps in Austria.	Hinterwaldberg	Austria
country	Pétange (Luxembourgish: Péiteng, German: Petingen) is a commune and town in south-western Luxembourg.	Pétange	Luxembourg
country	Saint-Inglevert Airfield is a general aviation airfield at Saint-Inglevert, Pas-de-Calais,(Note 1) France.	Saint-Inglevert Airfield	France
country	Aspire Dome is the world's largest indoor multi-purpose dome based in Qatar.	Aspire Dome	Qatar
country	Mount Giles is one of the highest mountains in the Northern Territory, Australia, at 1389 metres AHD.	Mount Giles	Australia
country	Sortlandssundet is a strait or sound in the municipality of Sortland in Nordland county, Norway.	Sortlandssundet	Norway
country	The Crocodile Islands are a group of islands belonging to the Yan-nhangu speaking Yolngu people of the Northern Territory of Australia.	Crocodile Islands	Australia
country	Gmunden Laarkirchen Airport (German: Flugplatz Gmunden Laarkirchen, ICAO: LOLU) is a private use airport located 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) northeast of Gmunden, Oberösterreich, Austria.	Gmunden Laarkirchen Airport	Austria
country	Kreva (Belarusian: Крэва, pronounced (ˈkrɛva), Russian: Крéво, Polish: Krewo) is a township in Grodno Region, Belarus.	Kreva	Belarus
country	Kibuli Secondary School (KSS), is a mixed boarding middle (grades 8-11) and high school (grades 12 to 13), in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.	Kibuli Secondary School	Uganda
country	Eldorado Department is a department of Misiones Province, Argentina.	Eldorado Department	Argentina
country	The Cerkno Hills (Slovene: Cerkljansko hribovje or Cerkljansko) is a transitional region between the Alpine and the Dinaric landscape, centered on Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia.	Cerkno Hills	Slovenia
country	North Cape Tunnel (Norwegian: Nordkapptunnelen) is one of the longest subsea road tunnels in Norway.	North Cape Tunnel	Norway
country	The Abu Hanifa Mosque (Arabic: مسجد أبو حنيفة‎ Masjid abū Ḥanīfah) or (Arabic: مسجد أبي حنيفة‎ Masjid abī Ḥanīfah) also known as (Arabic: جامع الإمام الأعظم‎ Gāmi` al-imām al-aʿẓam) is one of the most prominent Sunni mosques in Baghdad, Iraq.	Abu Hanifa Mosque	Iraq
country	Barsa-Kelmes Nature Reserve is a wildlife refuge on the former island of Barsa-Kelmes in Kyzylorda Region of Kazakhstan, in Central Asia.	Barsa-Kelmes Nature Reserve	Kazakhstan
country	Guixers is a municipality in the province of Lleida, Catalonia, Spain	Guixers	Spain
country	The House of Lords (Expulsion and Suspension) Act 2015 is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom which authorised the House of Lords to expel a member, or to suspend a member for a definite period of time.	House of Lords (Expulsion and Suspension) Act 2015	United Kingdom
country	Gobeyr-e Seh (Persian: گبيرسه‎; also known as Gobairé Sehe Shaikh Shaye, Gobeyr, and Gobeyr-e Seh-e Sheykh Shāyeh) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gobeyr-e Seh	Iran
country	Aldea del Pinar is a village in the southeastern province of Burgos, Castilla y León, Spain.	Aldea del Pinar	Spain
country	Landing Zone Mack (also known as Hill 484) was a U.S. Marine Corps base located northwest of Cam Lộ, Quảng Trị Province in central Vietnam.	Landing Zone Mack	Vietnam
country	Makati Shangri-La, Manila is a 5-star luxury hotel located in Makati and one of the three hotels managed by Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts in Metro Manila, Philippines.	Makati Shangri-La, Manila	Philippines
country	The Torre del Reformador (Tower of the Reformer) is a 71.85 meter (236 ft.) tall steel framework tower in Zone 9 of Guatemala City.	Torre del Reformador	Guatemala
country	Braemar College is an ecumenical co-curricular private school located on Mount Macedon in Woodend, Victoria, Australia.	Braemar College	Australia
country	Palacagüina (Spanish pronunciation: (palakaˈɣwina)) is a municipality in the Madriz department of Nicaragua.	Palacagüina	Nicaragua
country	Noorani Basti is a locality of Hyderabad, in Sindh, Pakistan.	Noorani Basti	Pakistan
country	Prohodna (Bulgarian: Проходна) is a karst cave in north central Bulgaria, located in the Iskar Gorge near the village of Karlukovo in Lukovit Municipality, Lovech Province.	Prohodna	Bulgaria
country	Pohronský Ruskov (Hungarian: Oroszka) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Pohronský Ruskov	Slovakia
country	Kamenny Monastery (Russian: Спасо-Преображенский Свято-Каменный монастырь) was the name of a Russian Orthodox monastery situated on a small eponymous island in the very centre of the Kubensky Lake, in Ust-Kubinsky District of Vologda Oblast, Russia.	Kamenny Monastery	Russia
country	The village of Port Mathurin serves as the capital of the island of Rodrigues, a dependency of Mauritius.	Port Mathurin	Mauritius
country	Rucphen ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a town in the southern Netherlands between Roosendaal and Etten-Leur, south of the railway, but without a train-station.	Rucphen	Netherlands
country	Island View Beach is located on the Eastern Cordova shore of the Saanich Peninsula, near Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.	Island View Beach	Canada
country	Saint-Bazile (Occitan: Sent Basaris) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Saint-Bazile	France
country	Maliyadeva Girls' College is a national Buddhist school in Sri Lanka situated in Kurunegala.	Maliyadeva Girls' College	Sri Lanka
country	Ålhus Church (Norwegian: Ålhus kyrkje) is a parish church in Jølster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Ålhus Church	Norway
country	The Barnim Plateau is a plateau which is occupied by the northeastern parts of Berlin and the surrounding federal state of Brandenburg in Germany.	Barnim Plateau	Germany
country	Polže (pronounced (ˈpoːu̯ʒɛ)) is a small settlement west of Nova Cerkev in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Polže	Slovenia
country	Manguaba Lagoon (Portuguese Lagoa Manguaba) is an estuarine lagoon in Alagoas state of northeastern Brazil.	Manguaba Lagoon	Brazil
country	Stechow-Ferchesar is a village in the Havelland district, in Brandenburg, Germany.	Stechow-Ferchesar	Germany
country	Palting is a municipality in the district of Braunau am Inn in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Palting	Austria
country	The Helsinki harbour rail line (Finnish: Helsingin satamarata) was a side rail track in Helsinki, Finland, built in the 1890s, and dismantled in 2009.	Helsinki harbour rail	Finland
country	Montafon is a valley in Austria that extends from the city of Bludenz to the Silvretta mountain range.	Montafon	Austria
country	The Juno Beach Centre or, in French, Centre Juno Beach, is a museum located in Courseulles-sur-Mer in the Calvados region of Normandy, France.	Juno Beach Centre	France
country	The Swedish Municipal Workers' Union (Swedish: Svenska Kommunalarbetareförbundet), is the largest trade union in Sweden with 570 000 members as of 2005, it was created 1910.	Swedish Municipal Workers' Union	Sweden
country	Waruq (Quechua waru basket or platform of a rope bridge to cross rivers / stony ground or place, precious stones, heaping, stone heap, -q a suffix, hispanicized spellings Huaroc, Huaroj) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Waruq	Peru
country	The Holy Week in Popayán, Cauca (Colombia), is the celebration of the Passion and death of Jesus Christ through daily processions continuously performed since the sixteenth century between Good Friday nights and Holy Saturday.	Holy Week in Popayán	Colombia
country	Medan Kota is one of 21 districts in the city of Medan, North Sumatra, Indonesia.	Medan Kota	Indonesia	Indonesia
country	Camp Grohn was a military base of the U.S. Army on the outskirts of Bremen, Germany after the end of World War II from 1945 to 1954.	Camp Grohn	Germany
country	The Bangkok Planetarium is the oldest planetarium in Thailand.	Bangkok Planetarium	Thailand
country	Tivolis Koncertsal is a 1,660-capacity concert hall located at Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Tivolis Koncertsal	Denmark
country	Mrakodol (Cyrillic: Мракодол) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mrakodol	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Zaveh County or Zave County (Persian: شهرستان زاوه‎) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran.	Zaveh County	Iran
country	The Barrow Blitz is the name given to the Luftwaffe bombings of Barrow-in-Furness, United Kingdom during World War II. It took place primarily during April and May 1941, although the earliest Luftwaffe bombing occurred in September 1940.	Barrow Blitz	United Kingdom
country	Sant'Agata Bolognese is a small comune in the province of Bologna, Emilia-Romagna, north Italy.	Sant'Agata Bolognese	Italy
country	The York Region District School Board (YRDSB) is the English-language public school board for York Regional Municipality located in Ontario, Canada.	York Region District School Board	Canada
country	Gömürdəhnə (also, Gümür Dəhnə, Dəhnə, Gömür-Dəhnə, Gyumyurdekhnya, and Gemir''-dagnya) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Gömürdəhnə	Azerbaijan
country	Nunatak Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Nunatak Island	Canada
country	Tisaleo is a location in the Tungurahua Province, Ecuador and is the seat of the Tisaleo Canton.	Tisaleo	Ecuador
country	McLeod Lake is an unincorporated community located on Highway 97 in northern British Columbia, Canada, 140 km (87 mi) north of Prince George.	McLeod Lake	Canada
country	Hassle (59°21′N 15°22′E) is a location in Närke, Sweden, where a Celtic treasure was found in 1936.	Hassle	Sweden
country	Fogang County (Chinese: 佛冈县; pinyin: Fógāng Xiàn) is a county of north-central Guangdong province, People's Republic of China.	Fogang County	People's Republic of China
country	The Nebelhorn Cable Car (German: Nebelhornbahn) in Oberstdorf, Germany is a cable car on the Nebelhorn mountain that was constructed in 3 sections.	Nebelhorn Cable Car	Germany
country	Załszyn (ˈzau̯ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Załszyn	Poland
country	Vadstena Academy (Swedish: Vadstena-Akademien, full name Stiftelsen internationella Vadstena-Akademien), is a music academy founded in 1964 by opera pedagogue Ingrid Maria Rappe (1915--1994) and based in the small city of Vadstena in Sweden.	Vadstena Academy	Sweden
country	Falmouth Docks are the docks of the town of Falmouth in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Falmouth Docks	United Kingdom
country	Mashynobudivnyk Stadium (Ukrainian: Стадіон Машинобудівник) is a football stadium in Karlivka, Ukraine.	Mashynobudivnyk Stadium	Ukraine
country	Kingston Heath Soccer Complex, is an Australian soccer stadium in Melbourne, Australia.	Kingston Heath Soccer Complex	Australia
country	Adi Keyh Subregion is a subregion in the Debub (Southern) region (Zoba Debub) of Eritrea.	Adi Keyh Subregion	Eritrea
country	Zimnochy-Świechy (ʑimˈnɔxɨ ˈɕfjɛxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suraż, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zimnochy-Świechy	Poland
country	The Pacific Plaza Towers are high-end residential condominium skyscrapers located across One McKinley Place in Bonifacio Global City, Philippines.	Pacific Plaza Towers	Philippines
country	Ostružanj is a village located in Osečina Municipality, Kolubara District, Serbia.	Ostružanj	Serbia
country	Rus Borisi (Russian: Русские Борисы) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Rus Borisi	Azerbaijan
country	The Pioverna is a torrente (a stream whose flow is subject to a high level of seasonal variation) of Lombardy in northern Italy.	Pioverna	Italy
country	The Mastrafjord Tunnel (Norwegian: Mastrafjordtunnelen) is a subsea road tunnel in Rennesøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Mastrafjord Tunnel	Norway
country	Littoisten Työväen Urheilijat (abbreviated as LTU) is sports club from Littoinen, Finland.	Littoisten Työväen Urheilijat	Finland
country	Avatika is an uninhabited island near Avatoru in the Tuamotus Islands in French Polynesia (Oceania).	Avatika	French Polynesia
country	The 1966 UCI Road World Championships took place on 28 August 1966 at the Nürburgring, Germany.	1966 UCI Road World Championships	Germany
country	Korea State, currently spelled as Koriya, was a princely state of the British Empire of India.	Korea State	India
country	Kluskoil Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the West Road River (Blackwater River) downstream from the Euchiniko Lakes.	Kluskoil Lake Provincial Park	Canada
country	Trstenik Airport (ICAO: LYTR) (Serbian: Аеродром Трстеник, Latin: Aerodrom Trstenik) also known as ``Ozai'' is an airport in Serbia, 2.5 km from the town of Trstenik and 12 km from the spa of Vrnjačka Banja.	Trstenik Airport	Serbia
country	The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT; German: Karlsruher Institut für Technologie) is one of the largest and most prestigious research and education institutions in Germany known for its high quality of research work around the world.	Karlsruhe Institute of Technology	Germany
country	Miziara (known also as Meziara, Arabic: مزيارة) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon.	Miziara	Lebanon
country	Gorna Malina (Bulgarian: Горна Малина, pronounced (ˈɡɔrnə ˈmalinə)) is a village in western Bulgaria, part of Sofia Province.	Gorna Malina	Bulgaria
country	Průkopník svobody ('Pioneer of Freedom') was a Czech language newspaper published from Vienna, Austria.	Průkopník svobody	Austria
country	Herbaijum (West Frisian: Hjerbeam) is a small village in Franekeradeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 258 citizens (2009).	Herbaijum	Netherlands
country	The Seoul Olympic Museum is a museum dedicated to the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Seoul Olympic Museum	South Korea
country	Aşağı Kəldək (also, Ashaga Kel’dek, Ashagy Kel’dek, and Ash-Kel’dek) is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Kəldək	Azerbaijan
country	The Boscastle flood of 2004 (Cornish: An Lanwes Kastel Boterel 2004) occurred on Monday, 16 August 2004 in the two villages of Boscastle and Crackington Haven in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Boscastle flood of 2004	United Kingdom
country	Chevenez is a village and former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.	Chevenez	Switzerland
country	Köýtendag Range (also Koytendag Range or Kugitangtau Range, Turkmen: Köýtendag) is a spur of the Pamir-Alay mountains in the south-east of Turkmenistan, extending along the border with Uzbekistan's Surkhandarya Province.	Köýtendag Range	Turkmenistan
country	CHWI-DT, virtual and UHF digital channel 16, is a CTV Two owned-and-operated television station serving Windsor, Ontario, Canada that is licensed to Wheatley.	CHWI-DT	Canada
country	Vali Sara (Persian: والي سرا‎, also Romanized as Vālī Sarā) is a village in Ahmadsargurab Rural District, Ahmadsargurab District, Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Vali Sara	Iran
country	Gileh Sara (Persian: گيله سرا‎, also Romanized as Gīleh Sarā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gileh Sara	Iran
country	Al-Ahliyya Amman University (AAU) (or Amman University, or Amman Private University) is located in Amman, Jordan.	Al-Ahliyya Amman University	Jordan
country	The Tsiazompaniry Dam is a buttress dam on the Varahina-South River, a tributary of the Ikopa River, near Tsiazompaniry in the Analamanga Region of Madagascar.	Tsiazompaniry Dam	Madagascar
country	The Dzungarian Alatau (Russian: Джунгарский Алатау; Chinese: 阿拉套山; pinyin: Ālātào Shān; Kazakh: Жетісу Алатауы) is a mountain range that lies on the boundary of the Dzungaria region of China and the Zhetysu region of Kazakhstan.	Dzungarian Alatau	Kazakhstan
country	Novy Tevriz (Russian: Новый Тевриз) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kargasoksky District of Tomsk Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Vasyugan River, 190 kilometers (120 mi) from Kargasok, the administrative center of the district.	Novy Tevriz	Russia
country	Portland Bay is a small bay off the coast of Victoria, Australia.	Portland Bay	Australia
country	Złoty Las (ˈzwɔtɨ ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Złoty Las	Poland
country	Zhabinka (Belarusian: Жабінка, (ˈʐabʲinka); Russian: Жабинка) it's a city in the southwestern region of Brest, Belarus.	Zhabinka	Belarus
country	The Tannu-Ola mountains (Tuvan: Таңды-Уула Tangdy-Uula mountains; Mongolian: Тагны уулс, Тagny Uuls) is a mountain range in southern Siberia, in the Tuva Republic of Russia.	Tannu-Ola mountains	Russia
country	Vught (Dutch pronunciation: (vʏxt)) is a municipality and a town in the southern Netherlands.	Vught	Netherlands
country	The Francke Foundations (Franckesche Stiftungen), also known as Glauchasche Anstalten in Halle, were founded in 1695 as a Christian, social and educational work by August Hermann Francke (1663--1727), a Pietist, theologian and university professor in Halle, Germany.	Francke Foundations	Germany
country	The Wulong Karst (Chinese: 武隆喀斯特) is a karst landscape located within the borders of Wulong County, Chongqing Municipality, People's Republic of China.	Wulong Karst	People's Republic of China
country	Dalweyn is a town in the Bari province of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia.	Dalweyn	Somalia
country	Weitersfelden is a municipality (German: Marktgemeinde) in the district of Freistadt in the Mühlviertel in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Weitersfelden	Austria
country	Lac Pavin is a meromictic crater lake located in the Puy-de-Dôme department of France, between Besse-en-Chandesse and Super-Besse.	Lac Pavin	France
country	Preserje pri Zlatem Polju (pronounced (preˈsɛːrjɛ pri ˈzlaːtɛm ˈpoːlju)) is a small settlement in the hills north of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Preserje pri Zlatem Polju	Slovenia
country	The history of the Curzon Line, with minor variations, goes back to the period following World War I. It was drawn for the first time by the Supreme War Council as the demarcation line between the newly emerging states, the Second Polish Republic, and the Bolshevik Russia.	Curzon Line	Russia
country	Vaughan Road is a road in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Vaughan Road	Canada
country	Sidi Badhaj or Sidi Rahhal is a small town and rural commune in Al Haouz Province of the Marrakesh-Tensift-El Haouz region of Morocco.	Sidi Badhaj	Morocco
country	Hålandsdal Church (Norwegian: Hålandsdal kyrkje) is a parish church in Fusa municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Hålandsdal Church	Norway
country	Nebljusi (Serbian Cyrillic: Небљуси) is a village in Croatia.	Nebljusi	Croatia
country	The Brim River is a river in the North Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, flowing into Owyacumish Bay which is at the west end of the Barrie Reach of the Gardner Canal.	Brim River	Canada
country	Tel Adashim (Hebrew: תֵּל עֲדָשִׁים, lit. Lentils Hill) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Tel Adashim	Israel
country	Julurpad or Julurpadu (Telugu: జూలూరుపాడు) is a Mandal in Khammam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Julurpadu	India
country	Nearby, between Measham and Swepstone, United Kingdom Coal are extracting coal using open cast mining methods.	Swepstone	United Kingdom
country	Dülken is a town located in the North Rhine-Westphalia state of Germany.	Dülken	Germany
country	Branice (braˈnit͡sɛ) (German: Branitz) is a village located in the Opole Voivodeship (southern Poland), near the border with the Czech Republic.	Branice	Poland
country	Ozun (Hungarian: Uzon, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈuzon)) is a commune in Covasna County, Romania composed of seven villages:	Ozun	Romania
country	Upper Gotvand Dam, or simply the Gotvand Dam, is an embankment dam on the Karun River about 12 km (7.5 mi) northeast of Gotvand in Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Upper Gotvand Dam	Iran
country	Nowy Węgrzynów (ˈnɔvɨ vɛŋˈɡʐɨnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Nowy Węgrzynów	Poland
country	Sińce (ˈɕiɲt͡sɛ) (formerly German Schinz) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sińce	Poland
country	Niete (Niété in French) is a town in the Océan Department, South Province of Cameroon.	Niete	Cameroon
country	The Bardenas Reales is a semi-desert natural region, or badlands, of some 42,000 hectares (100,000 acres) in southeast Navarre (Spain).	Bardenas Reales	Spain
country	The Bautzen Reservoir, (German: Talsperre Bautzen) is a reservoir on the River Spree in Germany.	Bautzen Reservoir	Germany
country	The Regiment of Presidential Security (French: Régiment de la Sécurité Présidentielle, RSP) was the secret service organisation responsible for VIP security to the President of Burkina Faso, a landlocked country in West Africa.	Regiment of Presidential Security	Burkina Faso
country	Hestbrepiggene or Hestbreapiggan is a mountain ridge consisting of about 7 peaks in Breheimen National Park, in Oppland, Norway.	Hestbrepiggene	Norway
country	Padiyathalawa is a name of a village, a GS division, and a DS division of Sri Lanka.	Padiyathalawa	Sri Lanka
country	The Santa Monica Parish Church of Alburquerque, commonly known as the Alburquerque Church, is a Roman Catholic church in the municipality of Alburquerque, Bohol, Philippines.	Alburquerque Church	Philippines
country	Benazir Bhutto Hospital, also known as the Rawalpindi General Hospital, is a hospital located on the Murree Road, Rawalpindi, Pakistan.	Benazir Bhutto Hospital	Pakistan
country	Vollerwiek (Danish: Follervig, North Frisian: Folerwiik) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Vollerwiek	Germany
country	In application of the Law on Higher Education and Research (France), the University of Paris-Est became an association of universities and higher education institutions (ComUE) on March 1, 2015.	University of Paris-Est	France
country	Blatnice pod Svatým Antonínkem is a village in Hodonín County in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Blatnice pod Svatým Antonínkem	Czech Republic
country	Patission Street (Greek: Οδός Πατησίων) is one of the major streets in central Athens, Greece.	Patission Street	Greece
country	Klädesholmen is an island and village in Tjörn municipality, Bohuslän, Sweden.	Klädesholmen	Sweden
country	Tikal Temple II (or the Temple of the Masks, alternatively labelled by archaeologists as Tikal Structure 5D-2) is a Mesoamerican pyramid at the Maya archaeological site of Tikal in the Petén Department of northern Guatemala.	Tikal Temple II	Guatemala
country	The Mahamanina Falls is a 60 meter high waterfall in the region of Diana in the north of Madagascar.	Mahamanina Falls	Madagascar
country	Sakiet Ezzit (Tunisian Arabic: ساقية الزيت‎ sāqīyat az-zīt) is a town and commune in the Sfax Governorate, Tunisia.	Sakiet Ezzit	Tunisia
country	The town of Santa Catalina la Tinta is located at 110 km from Cobán and 278 km from Guatemala City.	Santa Catalina la Tinta	Guatemala
country	Lien Khuong Airport (IATA: DLI, ICAO: VVDL) (Vietnamese: Sân bay Liên Khương) is the largest among 4 airports of Lâm Đồng Province in the Central Highlands region of Vietnam.	Lien Khuong Airport	Vietnam
country	Drochowo (drɔˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Drochowo	Poland
country	Oskoršnica (pronounced (ɔˈskoːɾʃnitsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia.	Oskoršnica	Slovenia
country	Boudouaou, during French colonialism known as L'Alma (or Alma) is a town in the western part of Boumerdès, Algeria.	Boudouaou	Algeria
country	Mahatma Gandhi Marine National Park is a national park of India in Wandoor on the Andaman Islands.	Mahatma Gandhi Marine National Park	India
country	Masur-e Abi (Persian: ماسورابي‎, also Romanized as Māsūr-e Ābī; also known as Māsūr) is a village in Dorud Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Masur-e Abi	Iran
country	Spiennes is a Walloon village in the municipality of Mons, Belgium.	Spiennes	Belgium
country	The Keystone Centre is a multi-purpose facility located in Brandon, Manitoba, Canada.	Keystone Centre	Canada
country	Murlen National Park is a national park located in the Champhai district Mizoram in India.	Murlen National Park	India
country	Heungcheonsa (Hangul: 흥천사; RR: Heungcheonsa) is a Buddhist temple of the Jogye Order in Seoul, South Korea.	Heungcheonsa	South Korea
country	CKX-TV was a television station in Brandon, Manitoba, Canada, formerly affiliated with CBC Television.	CKX-TV	Canada
country	The Border Region is a NUTS Level III region of Ireland and is governed by the Border Regional Authority.	Border Region	Ireland
country	The Youth Training Scheme (YTS) was the former name in the United Kingdom of an on-the-job training course for school leavers aged 16 and 17, managed by the Manpower Services Commission.	Youth Training Scheme	United Kingdom
country	Instituto Politécnico Loyola (Loyola Polytechnic Institute or IPL) is an educational institution of basic and technological education in the Dominican Republic, founded by the Society of Jesus in 1952.	Instituto Politécnico Loyola	Dominican Republic
country	The Munich Agreement was a settlement permitting Nazi Germany's annexation of portions of Czechoslovakia along the country's borders mainly inhabited by German speakers, for which a new territorial designation ``Sudetenland'' was coined.	Munich Agreement	Germany
country	Myriv was an ancient (Iron Age) Scythian settlement in Ukraine.	Myriv	Ukraine
country	Yarbolaghi (Persian: ياربلاغي‎, also Romanized as Yārbolāghī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yarbolaghi	Iran
country	Kollengode Palace is a palace situated in Thrissur city, Kerala state, India.	Kollengode Palace	India
country	The poem ``Those Names'' by Banjo Paterson published in 1895 refers to Bongongolong as an example of place names unique to Australia.	Bongongolong	Australia
country	Suai Airport (IATA: UAI, ICAO: WPDB), also known as Covalima Airport, is an unattended airport located 4 km (2.5 mi) east of Suai, a city in East Timor (Timor-Leste).	Suai Airport	East Timor
country	Vallès Oriental (bəˈʎɛz uɾjənˈtaɫ) is a comarca (county) in Catalonia, Spain.	Vallès Oriental	Spain
country	Kah Kesh (Persian: كاهكش‎, also Romanized as Kāh Kesh and Kāh Kash; also known as Kākhesh) is a village in Saman Rural District, Saman District, Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Kah Kesh	Iran
country	Sakshaug Church (Norwegian: Sakshaug kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Sakshaug Church	Norway
country	Subkowy (supˈkɔvɨ) is a village in Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Subkowy	Poland
country	Crèvecœur Castle (French: Château de Crèvecœur) is a ruined castle in Belgium, overlooking the village of Bouvignes-sur-Meuse in the province of Namur.	Crèvecœur Castle	Belgium
country	Coliseo El Pueblo (English: The Coliseum of the People) is an indoor sporting arena located in Cali, Colombia.	Coliseo El Pueblo	Colombia
country	Taman Impian Putra is a housing estate in Bangi, Selangor, Malaysia.	Taman Impian Putra	Malaysia
country	Manić (Serbian Cyrillic: Манић) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Manić	Serbia
country	Lashio (Burmese: လားရှိုးမြို့; MLCTS: la hri: mrui., IPA: (láʃó mjo̰); Shan: လႃႈသဵဝ်ႈ) is the largest town in northern Shan State, Myanmar, about 200 kilometres (120 mi) northeast of Mandalay.	Lashio	Myanmar
country	Network Applied Communication Laboratory Ltd. is an open source systems integrator located in Shimane Prefecture, Japan.	Network Applied Communication Laboratory	Japan
country	Bursaspor is the fourth football club in Turkey to start a dedicated television channel (Bursaspor TV).	Bursaspor	Turkey
country	Julián Augusto Saldívar (also known as Posta Leiva) is a city located along the 23rd to 28th kilometer of Ruta 1 in the Central department of Paraguay.	Julián Augusto Saldívar	Paraguay
country	Fannie Bay Gaol is a historic gaol in Darwin, Australia.	Fannie Bay Gaol	Australia
country	The island is part of the Isla Mujeres Municipality in the State of Quintana Roo, Mexico.	Isla Mujeres	Mexico
country	Neelavara or Nilavara (Kannada: ನೀಲಾವರ) is a village in Udupi district of Karnataka, India.	Neelavara	India
country	Odense Central Library (Odense Centralbibliotek; also known as Odense County Library) is the public library for Odense, Denmark, and central library of Funen (except Middelfart Municipality).	Odense Central Library	Denmark
country	Velling Kirkeby is a small town in West Denmark on the peninsula of Jutland with a population of only 273 (1 January 2014).	Velling	Denmark
country	Grebenje (pronounced (ˈɡɾeːbɛnjɛ)) is a small settlement in the hills south of Velike Lašče in southern Slovenia.	Grebenje	Slovenia
country	Moturoa is a coastal suburb of New Plymouth, in the western North Island of New Zealand.	Moturoa	New Zealand
country	Odmy (ˈɔdmɨ) (German: Odmy) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Odmy	Poland
country	The Galleria Nazionale dell'Umbria is the Italian national paintings collection of Umbria, housed in the Palazzo dei Priori, Perugia, in central Italy.	Galleria Nazionale dell'Umbria	Italy
country	Gol Tappeh District (Persian: بخش گل‌تپه‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Gol Tappeh District	Iran
country	Cerro Toco is a stratovolcano located in the eastern part of the Atacama desert in Chile's II Region (Antofagasta), approximately 6 km (4 mi) south of the border between Bolivia and Chile and 12 km (7 mi) SE of the Juriques and Licancabur volcanoes.	Cerro Toco	Chile
country	The Abrolhos Archipelago are a group of 5 small islands with coral reefs off the southern coast of Bahia state in the northeast of Brazil, between 17º25''--18º09'' S and 38º33''--39º05'' W. Caravelas is the nearest town.	Abrolhos Archipelago	Brazil
country	Radziemice (rad͡ʑɛˈmit͡sɛ) is a village in Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Radziemice	Poland
country	Opéra de Baugé is an opera festival held each summer near the Loire town of Baugé, 40 kilometres east of Angers, France.	Opéra de Baugé	France
country	Vicalvi Italy Website - History, Photos, Links: http://www.endex.com/gf/family/vicalvi/vicalvi.html	Vicalvi	Italy
country	Ibarrolle (Basque: Ibarla) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Ibarrolle	France
country	Chastreix-Sancy is a small ski resort situated above the village of Chastreix in central France.	Chastreix-Sancy	France
country	Pilies Street (literally, ``Castle Street''; Lithuanian: Pilies gatvė) is one of the main streets in the Old Town of Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania.	Pilies Street	Lithuania
country	Wattville is a township south of Benoni in Ekurhuleni Metropolitan municipality, Gauteng, South Africa.	Wattville	South Africa
country	For the year 2012-13, India's Ministry of Tourism named Tirupati as the ``Best Heritage City''.	Tirupati	India
country	Dukovce (Hungarian: Dukafalva) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.	Dukovce	Slovakia
country	Kalkgurung Airport (IATA: KFG, ICAO: YKKG) is an airport serving Daguragu and Kalkarindji, Northern Territory, Australia.	Kalkgurung Airport	Australia
country	Göçmenköy (Turkish for ``village of the displaced'') is a quarter of North Nicosia in Northern Cyprus.	Göçmenköy	Cyprus
country	ABB Industrigymnasium is the name of three schools in Västerås, Sala and Ludvika, Sweden, secondary schools with a focus on engineering, information technology and enterprising.	ABB Industrigymnasium	Sweden
country	Wheelus Air Base was a United States Air Force base located in the Kingdom of Libya.	Wheelus Air Base	Libya
country	Warsaw Public Library (Polish: Biblioteka Publiczna m.st. Warszawy) is one of the main libraries in Warsaw, and one of the largest in Poland.	Warsaw Public Library	Poland
country	Manzanera is small town and municipality in the province of Teruel, part of the autonomous community of Aragón, Spain.	Manzanera	Spain
country	Jangaluk (Persian: جنگلوك‎, also Romanized as Jangalūk; also known as Jangalak) is a village in Irandegan Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jangaluk	Iran
country	Sekkemo Church (Norwegian: Sekkemo kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Kvænangen in Troms county, Norway.	Sekkemo Church	Norway
country	Boginja Vas (pronounced (bɔˈɡiːnja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Boginja vas) is a small settlement south of Gradac in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Boginja Vas	Slovenia
country	The EastLink Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows the EastLink tollway for most of its length from Ringwood to Dandenong, in the outer eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	EastLink Trail	Australia
country	Ruinaulta is a canyon created by the Vorderrhein in the debris of the Flims Rockslide just upstream of its confluence with the Hinter Rhine at Reichenau, Eastern Switzerland.	Ruinaulta	Switzerland
country	Steinkjer is a city and municipality in the Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Steinkjer	Norway
country	Nobina Sverige AB, former Swebus AB, is the largest bus operator in Sweden, with 5,277 employees, 2,241 buses and net sales of 5,138 million SEK.	Nobina Sverige	Sweden
country	Awbari Governorate or Ubari Governorate Arabic: أوباري محافظة‎ was one of the governorates (muhafazah) of Libya from 1963 to 1973.	Awbari Governorate	Libya
country	Szczyrzyc (ˈʂt͡ʂɨʐɨt͡s) (formerly Szczyrzyce) is a village in Poland, located in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Limanowa County, Jodłownik Commune.	Szczyrzyc	Poland
country	Ingama is a village about 20 km south west of the present day Bulawayo, the second largest city of Zimbabwe.	Ingama	Zimbabwe
country	Kalateh-ye Tir Kaman (Persian: كلاته تيركمان‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Tīr Kamān; also known as Kalāteh) is a village in Rob-e Shamat Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Tir Kaman	Iran
country	Dwaraka Nagar is a locality in Visakhapatnam of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Dwaraka Nagar	India
country	Deobhog is a tehsil place in the Chhattisgarh State of India.	Deobhog	India
country	Heidelberg-Ziegelhausen is a residential district (of fourteen) at the eastern perimeter of the city of Heidelberg, Germany.	Heidelberg-Ziegelhausen	Germany
country	Långholmen Prison, officially Långholmen Central Prison (Swedish: Långholmens centralfängelse), was historically one of the biggest prison facilities in Sweden with more than 500 cells, located on the island of Långholmen in Stockholm.	Långholmen Prison	Sweden
country	Chindrieux is commune in the Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.	Chindrieux	France
country	Jyňňylhatap or Dzhingilkhatab is a town in eastern Turkmenistan near the border with Afghanistan.	Jyňňylhatap	Turkmenistan
country	Galēni parish (Latvian: Galēnu pagasts, Latgalian: Vydsmuižys pogosts) is an administrative unit of the Riebiņi Municipality, Latvia.	Galēni parish	Latvia
country	Halfaya (Arabic: حلفايا‎, also spelled Helfaya) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located about 25 kilometers northwest of Hama.	Halfaya	Syria
country	In 1947, the Town & Country Planning Act set the boundary of Green belt (United Kingdom) at the Green Street Green edge of the town of Orpington, by the A20 and A21 roads.	Green Street Green	United Kingdom
country	Sinjhoro (Sindhi: سنجھورو) is a small city in Sanghar District, Sindh, Pakistan, about 12 km from Sanghar city, along Sanghar-Shahdad Pur Road.	Sinjhoro	Pakistan
country	Guntupalli Group of Buddhist Monuments is located near Kamavarapukota in state Andhra Pradesh, India.	Guntupalli Group of Buddhist Monuments	India
country	Wronie Góry (ˈvrɔɲe ˈɡurɨ), is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Giby, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania.	Wronie Góry	Poland
country	Makham Sung (Thai: มะขามสูง) is a subdistrict in the Mueang Phitsanulok District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Makham Sung	Thailand
country	Playa Mayabeque (Mayabeque Beach) is a location in the southern part of Mayabeque Province, within 15 kilometers of Melena del Sur on the southern shore of Cuba.	Playa Mayabeque	Cuba
country	The 2015 Illapel earthquake occurred 46 km (29 mi) offshore from Illapel, Chile on September 16 at 19:54:33 Chile Standard Time (22:54:33 UTC), with a moment magnitude of 8.3.	2015 Illapel earthquake	Chile
country	Colonia Felipe Pescador is a colonia or neighborhood of the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City.	Colonia Felipe Pescador	Mexico
country	Šentjakob (pronounced (ʃɛnˈtjaːkɔp) or (ʃənˈtjaːkɔp); German: Sankt Jakob) is a settlement on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Šentjakob	Slovenia
country	The Baths of Caracalla (Italian: Terme di Caracalla) in Rome, Italy, were the second largest Roman public baths, or thermae, built in Rome between AD 212 and 217, during the reigns of Septimius Severus and Caracalla.	Baths of Caracalla	Italy
country	Zabukovica (pronounced (zaˈbuːkɔvitsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Žalec in east-central Slovenia.	Zabukovica	Slovenia
country	The Longford Circuit was a temporary motor racing course laid out on public roads at Longford, 23 kilometres (14 mi) south-west of Launceston in Tasmania, Australia.	Longford Circuit	Australia
country	The Scoresby Hills, also called the Scoresby Mountains, (75°53′N 098°00′W) are a mountain range on the east coast of Bathurst Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Scoresby Hills	Canada
country	Lofsdalen is a minor locality and ski resort located in Härjedalen, Sweden.	Lofsdalen	Sweden
country	The Rotuaari is a pedestrian zone in the Pokkinen district in Oulu, Finland.	Rotuaari	Finland
country	Al-Tawani (Arabic: التواني‎) is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located northeast of Damascus in the Qalamoun Mountains.	Al-Tawani	Syria
country	Orxeta (Valencian: (oɾˈtʃeta), Spanish: Orcheta) is a small town and municipality in the comarca of Marina Baixa in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Orxeta	Spain
country	The Wakker Prize (in German: Wakkerpreis, in French Prix Wakker, in Italian Premio Wakker) is awarded annually by the Swiss Heritage Society to a Municipality of Switzerland for the development and preservation of its architectural heritage.	Wakker Prize	Switzerland
country	The Minister for Education and Skills (Irish: An tAire Oideachais agus Scileanna) is the senior minister at the Department of Education and Skills in the Government of Ireland.	Minister for Education and Skills	Ireland
country	Mount Richardson Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the lower Sunshine Coast to the north of Sechelt.	Mount Richardson Provincial Park	Canada
country	Mahidar-e Olya (Persian: ماهيدرعليا‎, also Romanized as Māhīdar-e ``Olyā and Māhīdar ``Olyā) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 703, in 118 families.	Mahidar-e Olya	Iran
country	Marcellin College Randwick is a systemic Roman Catholic, secondary, day school for boys, located in Randwick, a south-eastern suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Marcellin College Randwick	Australia
country	Kulesze-Litewka (kuˈlɛʂɛ liˈtɛfka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kulesze-Litewka	Poland
country	Wasiłowice (vaɕiwɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wasiłowice	Poland
country	Rodano is a city and comune in the province of Milan, Lombardy, Italy, with 4,300 inhabitants.	Rodano	Italy
country	Mulada (Hebrew: מולדה‎) is a Bedouin village in the Negev desert in southern Israel.	Mulada	Israel
country	Gallery 1C03 is the University of Winnipeg campus art gallery in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Gallery 1C03	Canada
country	Maykop Airport (Russian: Аэропорт ``Майкоп'') (ICAO: URKM) is a civilian airport located on the north of Maykop, Russia.	Maykop Airport	Russia
country	The Sorgue is a river in southeastern France, lying between the foothills of the Alps and the river Rhone.	Sorgue	France
country	The Miel I Dam, officially known as the Patángoras Dam, is a gravity dam on La Miel River just south of Norcasia in Caldas Department, Colombia.	Miel I Dam	Colombia
country	Khormarud-e Shomali Rural District (Persian: دهستان خرمارودشمالي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Azadshahr County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Khormarud-e Shomali Rural District	Iran
country	Drijetanj (Serbian Cyrillic: Дријетањ) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia.	Drijetanj	Serbia
country	The Ta'anakh region (Hebrew: חבל תענך‎, Hevel Ta'anakh), also known as Ta'anachim (Hebrew: תענכים‎), is an area to the south of Israel's Jezreel Valley and east of the Wadi Ara region.	Ta'anakh	Israel
country	The Mambilla Plateau is a plateau in the Taraba State of Nigeria.	Mambilla Plateau	Nigeria
country	Alvai or Alvaay (Tamil: அல்வாய் Alvāy) is a coastal village in Vadamaraadchi, northern Jaffna Peninsula, Sri Lanka.	Alvai	Sri Lanka
country	Matad (Mongolian: Матад) is a sum (district) of Dornod Province in eastern Mongolia.	Matad	Mongolia
country	Ziarat Konar (Persian: زيارت كنار‎, also Romanized as Zīārat Konār) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ziarat Konar	Iran
country	The Zagreb Cathedral on Kaptol is a Roman Catholic institution and not only the tallest building in Croatia, but also the most monumental sacral building in Gothic style southeast of the Alps.	Zagreb Cathedral	Croatia
country	The Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung is a leading commercial newspaper from Essen, Germany, published by WAZ-Mediengruppe.	Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung	Germany
country	Bučin (Macedonian Cyrillic: Бучин) is a village which lies in the Kruševo district of the Republic of Macedonia on both banks of the River Crna.	Bučin	Macedonia
country	The Sot River is a tributary of the Ganges in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Sot River	India
country	The Ospedale della Pietà was a convent, orphanage, and music school in Venice, in what is now northern Italy.	Ospedale della Pietà	Italy
country	Shahmirzad (Persian: شهميرزاد ‎, Native Name شامرزا) is a town located in the north of Iran, and on the southern slopes of the Alborz Mountains.	Shahmirzad	Iran
country	Anamur is a town and district of the province of Mersin, on the Mediterranean coast of southern Turkey, between Antalya and the city of Mersin.	Anamur	Turkey
country	Corcovado National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Corcovado) is a National Park on the Osa Peninsula in Osa (canton), southwestern Costa Rica (9° North, 83° West), which is part of the Osa Conservation Area.	Corcovado National Park	Costa Rica
country	Kjærlighetskarusellen (English: The Carousel of Love) is a public urinal in Oslo, Norway, built in 1937.	Kjærlighetskarusellen	Norway
country	The Châteauroux Classic de l'Indre Trophée Fenioux was a single-day road bicycle race held annually in August in the region of Indre, France, starting and finishing in Châteauroux.	Châteauroux Classic	France
country	The Zollenspieker Ferry is a ferry across the Elbe river (here Unterelbe) in Germany.	Zollenspieker Ferry	Germany
country	Giannutri (Italian pronunciation: (dʒanˈnuːtri)) is a small island in the Tyrrhenian Sea off the coast of Tuscany, Italy ; it is the southernmost island of the Tuscan Archipelago and it is a frazione of the comune of Isola del Giglio in the Province of Grosseto.	Giannutri	Italy
country	Kurmuk is a town in south-eastern Sudan near the border with Ethiopia.	Kurmuk	Sudan
country	Birdaf (Persian: بيردف‎, also Romanized as Bīrdaf; also known as Bīr) is a village in Kahir Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Birdaf	Iran
country	Fort Regent is a 19th-century fortification, and leisure centre, on Mont de la Ville (Town Hill), in St. Helier, Jersey.	Fort Regent	Jersey
country	Damaq (Persian: دمق‎; also known as Damagh) is a city in and capital of Sardrud District, in Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Damaq	Iran
country	Nukulau Island is a small islet belonging to Fiji.	Nukulau	Fiji
country	Auray (Breton: An Alre) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Auray	France
country	Lewes Priory is a ruined medieval Cluniac priory in Southover, East Sussex in the United Kingdom.	Lewes Priory	United Kingdom
country	Rutunium was a former Roman settlement at the site of Harcourt Park, Shropshire, in the United Kingdom.	Rutunium	United Kingdom
country	Today accessed from Queenstown via the same road that leads to Coronet Peak skifield, Skippers Canyon houses the Shotover River, one of New Zealand's richest gold-bearing rivers which was named by William Gilbert Rees.	Skippers Canyon	New Zealand
country	Vestervig is a village in Vestervig Parish in Denmark, located in Thisted municipality in North Denmark Region (until December 31, 2006; Sydthy municipality, Viborg County).	Vestervig	Denmark
country	ME Cancun, also known as ME by Melia Cancun, is an all-inclusive hotel and resort located in the Hotel Zone (Zona Hotelera) in Cancun, Mexico.	ME Cancun	Mexico
country	Ötigheim is a town in the district of Rastatt in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Ötigheim	Germany
country	Yläne (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈylæne)) is a former municipality of Finland.	Yläne	Finland
country	The Tamchinsky datsan (also called the Tamchinskii datsan or Gusinoozyorsk Datsan) is a Buddhist monastery founded in the mid-18th century in the village of Gusinoye Ozero, located on the south-western shore of Lake Gusinoye, Buryat Republic, Russia.	Tamchinsky datsan	Russia
country	Chandras (Greek: Χανδράς) is a village in the municipality of Orestiada in the northern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece.	Chandras	Greece
country	Hlybokaye or Glubokoye (Belarusian: Глыбокае, Russian: Глубокое, Polish: Głębokie) is a town in Vitebsk Region, Belarus, the capital of Hlybokaye Raion (Belarusian: Глыбоцкі раён).	Hlybokaye	Belarus
country	Montepiano woods cover the territory of four communes in this region of Italy, Accettura, Cirigliano, Stigliano and Pietrapertosa.	Accettura	Italy
country	Zgornja Rečica (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnja ɾɛˈtʃiːtsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Zgornja Rečica	Slovenia
country	The Nura River or River Nura is a major watercourse of northeast-central Kazakhstan.	Nura River	Kazakhstan
country	Hestmona or Hestmannøy is an island on the border of the municipalities of Rødøy and Lurøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Hestmona	Norway
country	Calut (also, Calud and Dzhalut) is a village and municipality in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Calut	Azerbaijan
country	Charlita is an Eastern Orthodox village in Koura District of Lebanon.	Charlita	Lebanon
country	Australia's Northumberland Islands are a scattered island chain off the Queensland coast, located south-east of the city of Mackay roughly between the latitudes 21°S and 22°S. All islands are of the continental type.	Northumberland Islands	Australia
country	Damietta University was founded in 2012 in Damietta city in Egypt (Arabic: دمياط Dumyāṭ).	Damietta University	Egypt
country	Kamienica Dolna (kamjɛˈnit͡sa ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kamienica Dolna	Poland
country	Little Murray River (New South Wales), an anabranch of the Murray River and part of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the western Riverina region of south western New South Wales, Australia.	Little Murray River (New South Wales)	Australia
country	Mount Tampomas is a small andesitic stratovolcano in West Java, Indonesia.	Mount Tampomas	Indonesia
country	Netanya Railway Station (Hebrew: תחנת הרכבת נתניה‎, Taḥanat HaRakevet Netanya) is an Israel Railways passenger station located in the city of Netanya and serves the city, with its large industrial zones, as well as other small communities in the area.	Netanya Railway Station	Israel
country	Orchowo (ɔrˈxɔvɔ) is a village in Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Orchowo	Poland
country	Gori State Teaching University is a center for education and science in Shida Kartli in the Gori district of Georgia, it was established as a result of merging of two high education institutions:	Gori State Teaching University	Georgia
country	Cadejé Airstrip (IATA: N/A) is a private dirt airstrip located In Cadejé, 13 km North of San Juanico, Municipality of Comondú, Baja California Sur, Mexico.	Cadejé Airstrip	Mexico
country	Franeker City Hall (Dutch: Stadhuis van Franeker) is the city hall of the municipality of Franeker, Netherlands, one of the eleven historical cities of Friesland.	Franeker City Hall	Netherlands
country	Peel Forest is a small community in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand.	Peel Forest	New Zealand
country	Jalan Batang Kali-Ulu Yam (Selangor state route B113) is a major road in Selangor, Malaysia	Jalan Batang Kali-Ulu Yam	Malaysia
country	Tableview or Table View is a west coast suburb of Cape Town, South Africa, named after its view of Table Mountain.	Table View	South Africa
country	Taman Sentosa is a township in Johor Bahru city, Johor, Malaysia with many pubs and nightclubs.	Taman Sentosa	Malaysia
country	The District of Pristina (Albanian: Rajoni i Prishtinës; Serbian: Приштински округ, Prištinski okrug) is the largest district in Kosovo, with seat in the capital city of Pristina.	District of Pristina	Kosovo
country	Mian Dowhan-e Sofla (Persian: مياندوهان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Mīān Dowhān-e Soflá; also known as Mīān Dahān-e Soflá) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Mian Dowhan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Schloss Rastatt is a baroque schloss in Rastatt, Germany.	Schloss Rastatt	Germany
country	Qombo'ul (Somali: Qumbucul) is an historical town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia.	Qombo'ul	Somalia
country	ABC North and West SA is a local radio station based in Port Pirie, South Australia, owned by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.	ABC North and West SA	Australia
country	Lake Drwęca (Polish: Jezioro Drwęckie, German: Drewenzer See, Lithuanian: Druvinčia) is a lake in the Masurian Lake District of the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship of Poland.	Lake Drwęca	Poland
country	Ngaanyatjarra is an Indigenous Australian cultural group in the Western Desert, Central Australia.	Ngaanyatjarra	Australia
country	Timmelsjoch (Italian: Passo del Rombo), (elevation 2,509 metres (8,232 ft)) is a high mountain pass that creates a link through the Ötztal Alps along the border between Austria and Italy.	Timmelsjoch	Italy
country	Rocky Mountaineer Station in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, is a railway station which acts as the western terminus of the Rocky Mountaineer train service to Jasper, Banff and Calgary.	Rocky Mountaineer Station	Canada
country	Pfeffingen (Swiss German: Pfäffige) is a municipality in the district of Arlesheim in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.	Pfeffingen	Switzerland
country	Mount Dama Ali is a 25km wide shield volcano in Ethiopia, on the shore of Lake Abbe	Mount Dama Ali	Ethiopia
country	Muorkkejávrre (Lule Sami) or Eidevatnet (Norwegian) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county, Norway.	Muorkkejávrre	Norway
country	The Jardine River is the largest river of the Cape York Peninsula in Far North Queensland, Australia.	Jardine River	Australia
country	Kargıpınarı (former Gilindire) is a town in Mersin Province, Turkey	Kargıpınarı	Turkey
country	Bliedersdorf (in High German, in Low Saxon: Bliersdörp) is a municipality in the district of Stade, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Bliedersdorf	Germany
country	The Men's League for Women's Suffrage was a society formed in 1907 by the left-wing writers Henry Brailsford, Max Eastman, Laurence Housman, Henry Nevinson and others to pursue women's suffrage in the United States of America.	Men's League for Women's Suffrage	United States of America
country	Mowtowr-e Shiraziha (Persian: موتورشيرازيها‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Shīrāzīhā) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Shiraziha	Iran
country	The Jura foot railway line (German: Jurafusslinie) or Jura south foot line (German: Jurasüdfusslinie) in Switzerland runs from Olten along the foot of the southern Jura range through Solothurn, Grenchen, Biel/Bienne, Neuchâtel Yverdon-les-Bains and Morges to Geneva.	Jura foot railway line	Switzerland
country	Bullarto railway station is a railway station on the Daylesford line in Bullarto, Victoria, Australia.	Bullarto railway station	Australia
country	Ban Hafiz Jee is a village and union council of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan and is located in Mianwali Tehsil.	Ban Hafiz Jee	Pakistan
country	Biševo (pronounced (bîʃɛv̞ɔ), Chakavian: Bisovo, Italian: Busi) is an island in the Adriatic Sea in Croatia.	Biševo	Croatia
country	Ottersweier is a community in western Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Ottersweier	Germany
country	Pogorzałki Wielkie (pɔɡɔˈʐau̯ki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pogorzałki Wielkie	Poland
country	Point Pedro (Tamil: பருத்தித்துறை Paruthithurai, Sinhalese: පේදුරු තුඩුව Peduru Thuduwa) is a town, located in Jaffna District, Sri Lanka, at the northernmost point of the island.	Point Pedro	Sri Lanka
country	Tell Massas (Arabic: تل مساس‎), also known as Barwar (برور), is a village near Tell Tamer in western al-Hasakah Governorate, northeastern Syria.	Tell Massas	Syria
country	Lower Navarre (Basque: Nafarroa Beherea or Baxenabarre, Gascon/Bearnese: Navarra Baisha, French: Basse-Navarre, Spanish: Baja Navarra) is a traditional region of the present day Pyrénées Atlantiques département of France.	Lower Navarre	France
country	The Monti delle Mainarde, also known just as Le Mainarde, is a range of calcareous mountains on the border between the regions of Lazio and Molise in southern central Italy.	Monti delle Mainarde	Italy
country	The Fen Line is a railway in the United Kingdom that runs between the cities of Cambridge and Ely Cambridgeshire and the town of King's Lynn, Norfolk; the line is so called because it runs through The Fens.	Fen Line	United Kingdom
country	Bhimgad Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area in the Western Ghats, in Khanapur Taluk of Belgaum District near Jamboti Village, Karnataka state, India.	Bhimgad Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	Zgorzelec (zɡɔˈʐɛlɛt͡s) (German: Görlitz, Upper Sorbian: Zhorjelc) is a town in south-western Poland with 32,322 inhabitants (2012).	Zgorzelec	Poland
country	The Kuokuang Power Plant (Chinese: 國光發電廠; pinyin: Guóguāng Fādiànchǎng) is a gas-fired power plant in Guishan District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	Kuokuang Power Plant	Taiwan
country	Gudur, Kurnool district is a village and a Mandal in Kurnool district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Gudur, Kurnool	India
country	Çuka e Partizanit is a mountain peak in Albania.	Çuka e Partizanit	Albania
country	Boudinar (Amazigh: Budinar, ⴱⵓⴷⵉⵏⴰⵔ, Arabic: بودينار) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco.	Boudinar	Morocco
country	The Gir Forest National Park and Wildlife Sanctuary (also known as Sasan-Gir, and गिर वन) is a forest and wildlife sanctuary in Gujarat, India.	Gir Forest National Park	India
country	``Aegukga'' (Hangul: 애국가; hanja: 愛國歌,Korean pronunciation: (ɛːɡukk͈a); English: ``Patriotic Song'') is the national anthem of South Korea.	Aegukga	South Korea
country	Hancheng (Chinese: 韩城; pinyin: Hánchéng) is a city in Shaanxi Province, People's Republic of China, about 125 miles northeast of Xi'an, at the point where the south-flowing Yellow River enters the Guanzhong Plain.	Hancheng	People's Republic of China
country	Machairado (Greek: Μαχαιράδο) is a village in the central part of the island of Zakynthos, Greece.	Machairado	Greece
country	Harbledown Island is an island in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, located west of West Cracroft Island.	Harbledown Island	Canada
country	Yeniceoba is a municipality in the province of Konya in Turkey.	Yeniceoba	Turkey
country	Klewnuggit Inlet Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park that covers 1,773 hectares (4,380 acres) in British Columbia, Canada.	Klewnuggit Inlet Marine Provincial Park	Canada
country	As of 2001 India census, Vekkalam had a population of 6585 with 3224 males and 3361 females living there.	Vekkalam	India
country	The Southern Korea evergreen forests occupy an area of 14,700 square kilometres (5,700 sq mi) in South Korea, at the southern margin of the Korean Peninsula, as well as the Gotjawal Forest on Jeju Island in the East China Sea, 60 km from the Korean coast.	Southern Korea evergreen forests	South Korea
country	Grodziec castle has a history dating back to 1155 and is located in the Silesia region of Poland.	Grodziec castle	Poland
country	Šmarješke Toplice (pronounced (ʃmaˈɾjeːʃkɛ tɔˈpliːtsɛ)) is a settlement in the traditional region of Lower Carniola in southeastern Slovenia.	Šmarješke Toplice	Slovenia
country	Debundscha is a village in the south-western Region of the republic of Cameroon.	Debundscha	Cameroon
country	Herby (ˈxɛrbɨ) is a village in Lubliniec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Herby	Poland
country	The Niokolo-Koba National Park (fr. Parc National du Niokolo Koba PNNK) is a World Heritage Site and natural protected area in south eastern Senegal near the Guinea-Bissau border.	Niokolo-Koba National Park	Senegal
country	The Bibliothèque municipale de Nancy (est. 1750) is a public library in Nancy, France.	Bibliothèque municipale de Nancy	France
country	Kityari is located near SWAT region, which is also called the Switzerland of Pakistan.	Kityari	Pakistan
country	Opatovská Nová Ves (Hungarian: Apátújfalu) is a village and municipality in the philippines Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Opatovská Nová Ves	Slovakia
country	Curriñe is a village (Spanish: aldea) located at the confluence of Blanco River and Curriñe River, near northern shore of Maihue Lake, Futrono commune, southern Chile.	Curriñe	Chile
country	Vəlvələ (also, Vel’veli) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Vəlvələ	Azerbaijan
country	Omdurman Ahlia University (OAU) is a community non-profit university in Omdurman, Sudan.	Omdurman Ahlia University	Sudan
country	Yuraq Mach'ay (Quechua yuraq white, mach'ay cave, ``white cave'', hispanicized spelling Yuracmachay) is an archaeological site with rock paintings in Peru.	Yuraq Mach'ay	Peru
country	The Autovía A-45 (also known as Autovía de Málaga) is an autovía in Andalusia, Spain, running from the Autovía A-4 at Córdoba to the Autovía A-7 at Málaga.	Autovía A-45	Spain
country	The Garden of the Provinces and Territories is a 4-acre (1.6 ha) site along Confederation Boulevard in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada's capital city.	Garden of the Provinces and Territories	Canada
country	Alvatan (Persian: الواتان‎, also Romanized as Ālvātān; also known as Ālātān) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alvatan	Iran
country	Kurjenrahka National Park (Finnish: Kurjenrahkan kansallispuisto, Swedish: Kurjenrahka nationalpark) is a national park in Southwest Finland.	Kurjenrahka National Park	Finland
country	Mal-e Gap (Persian: مل گپ‎) is a village in Delvar Rural District, Delvar District, Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Mal-e Gap	Iran
country	Harzburgite, an ultramafic, igneous rock, is a variety of peridotite consisting mostly of the two minerals, olivine and low-calcium (Ca) pyroxene (enstatite); it is named for occurrences in the Harz Mountains of Germany.	Harzburgite	Germany
country	Antabamba (in hispanicized spelling) or Antapampa (Quechua anta copper, pampa plain, ``copper plain'') is a town in southern Peru, capital of the province with the same name in the region Apurímac.	Antabamba	Peru
country	Mégrine (مقرين) is a town and commune in the Ben Arous Governorate, Tunisia.	Mégrine	Tunisia
country	The Melbourne International School of Japanese, Inc. (MISJ; メルボルン国際日本語学校 Meruborun Kokusai Nihongo Gakkō) is a supplementary Japanese school in Melbourne, Australia.	Melbourne International School of Japanese	Australia
country	Norcia (Italian pronunciation: (ˈnɔrtʃa)), traditionally known in English by its Latin name of Nursia /ˈnɜrsiə/, is a town and commune in the province of Perugia (Italy) in southeastern Umbria.	Norcia	Italy
country	Kądzielów (kɔnˈd͡ʑeluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łazy, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kądzielów	Poland
country	Te Kao is a district on the Aupouri Peninsula of Northland, New Zealand.	Te Kao	New Zealand
country	Mendrelgang Gewog (Dzongkha: མནྜལ་སྒང་) is a gewog (village block) of Tsirang District, Bhutan.	Mendrelgang Gewog	Bhutan
country	The Mutdapilly fossil locality is a geological formation in the North West Slopes of northern New South Wales, Australia.	Mutdapilly fossil locality	Australia
country	Kamraniyeh (Persian: كامرانيه‎, also Romanized as Kāmrānīyeh) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kamraniyeh	Iran
country	Mawana is a town in Meerut district in the Uttar Pradesh state of India.	Mawana	India
country	The Giardino Botanico Mediterraneo (10 hectares) is a botanical garden located along the Adriatic Sea about 2 kilometers north of San Salvo, Province of Chieti, Abruzzo, Italy.	Giardino Botanico Mediterraneo	Italy
country	Tsivory is a large town in Anosy region in southern Madagascar.	Tsivory	Madagascar
country	Goz Beïda National Park is a national park in Chad and covers an area of 3000 km2.	Goz Beïda National Park	Chad
country	Santa Maria della Concezione a Montecalvario is a church in central Naples, Italy.	Santa Maria della Concezione a Montecalvario	Italy
country	Notak is a town and union council of Bhakkar District in the Punjab province of Pakistan in Notak.	Notak	Pakistan
country	Amrut Nagar is a neighbourhood in Ghatkopar, a suburb of Mumbai in India.	Amrut Nagar	India
country	Tikhvin (Russian: Ти́хвин) is a town and the administrative center of Tikhvinsky District in Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on both banks of the Tikhvinka River in the east of the oblast, 200 kilometers (120 mi) east of St. Petersburg.	Tikhvin	Russia
country	Jazan Economic City (Arabic: مدينة جيزان الاقتصادية‎) is an economic city in the Jizan Province of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, with a focus on the energy and manufacturing industries.	Jazan Economic City	Saudi Arabia
country	Jalan Masjid KLIA, Federal Route is an institutional facilities federal road in Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) in Malaysia.	Jalan Masjid KLIA	Malaysia
country	The Diocesan Boys' School (DBS) (Chinese: 拔萃男書院) is one of Hong Kong's leading private boys' schools located at 131 Argyle Street, Mong Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Diocesan Boys' School	Hong Kong
country	1919 in Argentine football saw the ``Asociación Argentina de Football'' (AFA) championship abandoned mid season.	1919 in Argentine football	Argentina
country	Ladarak (Persian: لادرك‎, also Romanized as Lādarak) is a village in Shirkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Ladarak	Iran
country	Luwuk is the capital of Banggai Regency, Central Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Luwuk	Indonesia
country	Port Moody is a city in Metro Vancouver, enveloping the east end of Burrard Inlet in British Columbia, Canada.	Port Moody	Canada
country	Abish Ahmad (Persian: آبش احمد‎; also Romanized as Abīsh Aḩmad; also known as Ābesh Aḩmad) is a city in and the capital of Abish Ahmad District, in Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Abish Ahmad	Iran
country	Flying Dust First Nation is a Cree First Nation band government located adjacent to the city of Meadow Lake in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Flying Dust First Nation	Canada
country	De Treffers is an amateur football club from Groesbeek, The Netherlands.	De Treffers	Netherlands
country	Pitsiulartok or Pituilaktok (formerly: Fairway Island), is a small, uninhabited island located at 63°15'N, 90°33'W in Hudson Bay, about 13 km from the community of Chesterfield Inlet, Nunavut, Canada.	Pitsiulartok	Canada
country	Cărbunari (Hungarian: Szenesfalu) is a commune in Caraş-Severin County, western Romania, with a population of 1,282 people.	Cărbunari	Romania
country	Kher Khereh (Persian: خرخره‎, also Romanized as Kherkhereh; also known as Jazīreh Kher Khereh and Beyt-e Yāsīn) is a village in Bahmanshir-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kher Khereh	Iran
country	Le Soliat is a mountain of the Jura, overlooking Lake Neuchâtel in western Switzerland.	Le Soliat	Switzerland
country	Bourges Airport (French: Aéroport de Bourges) (IATA: BOU, ICAO: LFLD) is an airport serving Bourges, a commune in the Cher department of the Centre region of France.	Bourges Airport	France
country	Kurortny District (Russian: Куро́ртный райо́н) is a district of the federal city of St. Petersburg, Russia, located on the Karelian Isthmus along the northern shore of the Gulf of Finland.	Kurortny District	Russia
country	Priorswood (Irish: Coill an Phrióra) is a district formed in northern Coolock, on the Northside of Dublin, Ireland.	Priorswood	Ireland
country	Krum, Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad, in Haskovo Province, in southern Bulgaria.	Krum, Haskovo Province	Bulgaria
country	Bratsch is a village in the municipality of Gampel-Bratsch in the district of Leuk of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Bratsch	Switzerland
country	Uvongo is a seaside resort south of Port Shepstone at the mouth of the Vungu River in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Uvongo	South Africa
country	Arcipelago Toscano National Park is a large Tuscan Archipelago national park and marine park in the Provinces of Grosseto and Livorno, western Tuscany, Italy.	Arcipelago Toscano National Park	Italy
country	Tymbark (ˈtɨmbark) is a village in southern Poland, some 80 km south-east of Kraków, population 2,400 (2004 data).	Tymbark	Poland
country	Magyaregregy (Croatian: Gređa) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.	Magyaregregy	Hungary
country	Uoleva is an sand-cay island in Lifuka district, in the Ha'apai islands of Tonga.	Uoleva	Tonga
country	Kangle Station (Chinese: 康樂車站; pinyin: Kānglè Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) South-Link Line located in Taitung City, Taitung County, Taiwan.	Kangle Station	Taiwan
country	Galston Gorge is part of the picturesque Berowra Valley Regional Park in Sydney, Australia and separates Galston from Hornsby Heights.	Galston Gorge	Australia
country	Asaluyeh County (Persian: شهرستان عسلویه‎) is a county in Bushehr Province in Iran.	Asaluyeh County	Iran
country	Zgliczyn-Glinki (ˈzɡlit͡ʂɨn ˈɡliŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zgliczyn-Glinki	Poland
country	The 2001 World Men's Handball Championship took place in France from 23 January to 4 February 2001.	2001 World Men's Handball Championship	France
country	Kuusjoki (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈkuːsjoki)) is a former municipality of Finland.	Kuusjoki	Finland
country	Karaurgan is a flag stop near the village of Karaurgan in the Kars Province of Turkey.	Karaurgan	Turkey
country	Abu Qrenat or Abu Karinat (Arabic: ابو قرينات‎; Hebrew: אבו קרינאת‎) is a Bedouin village in Israel.	Abu Qrenat	Israel
country	The Ujście Warty National Park, also, Warta River Mouth National Park, (Polish: Park Narodowy Ujście Warty) is the youngest of Poland's 23 National Parks.	Ujście Warty National Park	Poland
country	Baghra is a town situated in the Baghara Mandal of Muzaffarnagar District in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Baghra	India
country	Aucapata Municipality is municipality of the Muñecas Province in the La Paz Department, Bolivia.	Aucapata Municipality	Bolivia
country	Gloucester Street railway station was a railway station on the Queensland Rail suburban network in Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia.	Gloucester Street railway station	Australia
country	Skagens Museum is an art museum in Skagen, Denmark, which exhibits an extensive collection of works by members of the colony of Skagen Painters who lived and worked in the area in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Skagens Museum	Denmark
country	The Supreme People's Court (Chinese: 最高人民法院; pinyin: Zuìgāo Rénmín Fǎyuàn) is the highest court in the mainland area of the People's Republic of China.	Supreme People's Court	People's Republic of China
country	Kleiner Labussee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Kleiner Labussee	Germany
country	Because of its strategic position, Meiktila is home to Myanmar Air Force's central command and Meiktila Air Force Base.	Meiktila	Myanmar
country	Vancouver Whitecaps FC U-23, formerly known as Whitecaps FC Reserves, was a Canadian soccer team based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Vancouver Whitecaps FC U-23	Canada
country	Myryla (Russian: Мырыла) is a rural locality (a selo) the administrative center, and one of two inhabited localities including Khakhyyakh of Solovyevsky Rural Okrug in Churapchinsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 76 kilometers (47 mi) from Churapcha, the administrative center of the district.	Myryla	Russia
country	Lake Lubāns is a lake in Latvia (in Latvian: Lubāns, Lubānas ezers or Lubāna ezers).	Lake Lubāns	Latvia
country	Valamedar (Persian: ولامدر‎, also Romanized as Valāmedar) is a village in Hesar Kharvan Rural District, Mohammadiyeh District, Alborz County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Valamedar	Iran
country	Svitiaz (Ukrainian: Сві́тязь; Belarusian: Свіцязь; Polish: Świtaź; Russian: Свитязь) is the deepest lake in Ukraine, with a maximum depth of 58.4 m. It is the second largest in the country.	Svitiaz	Ukraine
country	Magway District is a district of the Magway Region (formerly Magway Division) in central Myanmar.	Magway District	Myanmar
country	The Old Navarino castle (Greek: Παλαιό Ναυαρίνο) is a 13th-century fortress near Pylos, Greece.	Old Navarino castle	Greece
country	Gbefi is a village in Kpando Municipal district, a district in the Volta Region of Ghana.	Gbefi	Ghana
country	The Museum of Modern Literature (Literaturmuseum der Moderne) or LiMo is part of the German Literature Archive (Deutsches Literaturarchiv) in Marbach am Neckar, Germany.	Museum of Modern Literature	Germany
country	Wąchabno (vɔ̃ˈxabnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec, within Wolsztyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wąchabno	Poland
country	Villaggio Mall is a shopping mall located in the Aspire Zone in the west end of Doha, the capital city of Qatar.	Villaggio Mall	Qatar
country	Newtown Park is a multi-purpose stadium in Wellington, New Zealand.	Newtown Park	New Zealand
country	Georgiana Molloy Anglican School is a co-educational private school located in Busselton, Western Australia, and is named after the notable early Western Australian settler Georgiana Molloy.	Georgiana Molloy Anglican School	Australia
country	Húnaflói (Huna Bay) is a large bay between Strandir and Skagaströnd in Iceland.	Húnaflói	Iceland
country	South Bridge Road (Chinese: 桥南路) is a road south of Singapore River in Chinatown, Singapore, which starts from Elgin Bridge and ends at the junction of Neil Road, Tanjong Pagar Road and Maxwell Road.	South Bridge Road	Singapore
country	The Arida Border Crossing (Arabic: مركز حدود العريضة‎) is an international border crossing between Syria and Lebanon.	Arida Border Crossing	Lebanon
country	Brnj (Cyrillic: Брњ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Brnj	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Vikram Dev College, Jeypore is a graduation college in India, located in the eastern state of Odisha.	Vikram Dev College, Jeypore	India
country	Bruce Bay or Mahitahi is a bay in South Westland, New Zealand on the Tasman Sea.	Bruce Bay	New Zealand
country	Hardy Brothers is a specialty retailer and private company of fine jewellery, timepieces and decorative arts in Australia.	Hardy Brothers	Australia
country	Kostelec nad Černými lesy (translating to Churchtown above the Black Forest; German: Schwarzkosteletz), is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Kostelec nad Černými lesy	Czech Republic
country	Bangsjøan is a series of lakes that straddle the borders of the municipalities of Snåsa, Grong, Overhalla, and Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Bangsjøan	Norway
country	Les Sables-d'Olonne (pronounced: (lɛ sabl dolɔn)) (French meaning: ``the sands of Olonne'') is a seaside town in western France, by the Atlantic Ocean.	Les Sables-d'Olonne	France
country	Baler Bay is a bay in the northeastern portion of Luzon island in the Philippines.	Baler Bay	Philippines
country	San Ignacio de Moxos (short: San Ignacio) is a town in the Beni Department of northern Bolivia.	San Ignacio de Moxos	Bolivia
country	East Zagori (Greek: Ανατολικό Ζαγόρι) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	East Zagori	Greece
country	Colegio Diego Portales (English: Diego Portales School) is a Chilean primary and secondary located in Machalí, Cachapoal Province, Chile.	Colegio Diego Portales	Chile
country	Cecchina (Italian pronunciation: (tʃekˈkiːna)) is a town located approximately 30 km south-east of Rome in the Italian region of Lazio, in central Italy.	Cecchina	Italy
country	Dar Ganji (Persian: دارگنجي‎, also Romanized as Dār Ganjī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dar Ganji	Iran
country	Ballingarry Coal Mines are underground coal mines located near the village of Ballingarry, County Tipperary, Ireland.	Ballingarry Coal Mines	Ireland
country	Chincho District is one of the twelve districts in the province Angaraes in Peru.	Chincho District	Peru
country	Paistunturi Wilderness Area (Finnish: Paistunturin erämaa) is a wilderness reserve in Lapland, Finland.	Paistunturi Wilderness Area	Finland
country	Jaunmuiža Manor, also called Jaunlutriņi Manor, is a manor house in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.	Jaunmuiža Manor	Latvia
country	Prince of Wales Hospital (Chinese: 威爾斯親王醫院) is a regional acute public hospital located in Sha Tin, New Territories in Hong Kong.	Prince of Wales Hospital	Hong Kong
country	Peralba (Hochweißstein in German) is a mountain of the Carnic Alps in Veneto, northeastern Italy, although its summit is only a few hundred metres from the Austrian border.	Peralba	Italy
country	Yalghuz Aghaj (Persian: يالغوز آغاج‎, also Romanized as Yālghūz Āghāj; also known as Ālūzāqaj, Holzāqāch, Huluzagach, Yalghuz Aghach, Yalqūz Aghāj, Yālqūz Āghāj, and Yalqūz Āqāj) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District, Serishabad District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Yalghuz Aghaj	Iran
country	Mir Aqa Beyk (Persian: ميراقابيك‎, also Romanized as Mīr Āqā Beyk and Mīr Āqā Beyg; also kown as Āqā Beyk and Āqā Beyg) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mir Aqa Beyk	Iran
country	The Municipal District of Greenview No. 16 is a municipal district in northwest Alberta, Canada.	Municipal District of Greenview No. 16	Canada
country	Kiyevsky railway terminal (Russian: Ки́евский вокза́л, Kievskiy vokzal) also known as Moscow Kiyevskaya railway station (Russian: Москва́-Ки́евская, Moskva-Kievskaya) is one of the nine railway terminals of Moscow, Russia.	Moscow Kiyevskaya railway station	Russia
country	Kamionka nad jeziorem Zamarte (kaˈmjɔnka ˌnad jɛˈʑɔrɛm zaˈmartɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kamionka nad jeziorem Zamarte	Poland
country	The Töölö Rowing Stadium is a rowing and canoeing venue located a kilometer from Helsinki Olympic Stadium in Helsinki, Finland.	Töölö Rowing Stadium	Finland
country	Haftabad (Persian: هفت اباد‎, also Romanized as Haftābād; also known as Āftābeh) is a village in Rivand Rural District, Centeral District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Haftabad	Iran
country	Souhane is a small mountain town between Larbaa and Tablat in the wilaya of Blida, Algeria, along the RN 8 highway about 25 km south of Algiers.	Souhane	Algeria
country	Khaleh Sar (Persian: خاله سر‎, also Romanized as Khāleh Sar; also known as Khālsar) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khaleh Sar	Iran
country	Ashagy Karashanly (also, Ashaga Karadzhanly and Ash-Karachanly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ashagy Karashanly	Azerbaijan
country	Ban Jelačić Square (Croatian: Trg bana Josipa Jelačića or Trg bana Jelačića, pronounced (bâːn jɛ̌lat͡ʃit͡ɕ)) is the central square of the city of Zagreb, Croatia, named after ban Josip Jelačić.	Ban Jelačić Square	Croatia
country	Mijar (rathan) is a village in Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state, India.	Mijar	India
country	Manigonigo Island (variously Manigonigo Islet and called Islote de Manigonigo during Spanish rule) is an island in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.	Manigonigo Island	Philippines
country	The American School of Dubai (ASD, Arabic: المدرسة الأمریکیة بدبي‎), previously known as the Jumeirah American School, is located in the Al-Barsha community of Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	American School of Dubai	United Arab Emirates
country	Adam Airport is a proposed domestic airport situated in the wilayah of Adam in Ad Dakhiliyah Region of Oman.	Adam Airport	Oman
country	Mynttorget (Swedish: Coin Square) is a public square in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Mynttorget	Sweden
country	Observator Cultural (meaning ``The Cultural Observer'' in English) is a weekly literary magazine based in Bucharest, Romania.	Observator Cultural	Romania
country	The Taipei Metro Yuanshan Station is located between the Zhongshan and Datong districts in Taipei, Taiwan.	Yuanshan Station	Taiwan
country	Ahneby (Danish: Åneby) is a municipality in Schleswig-Flensburg district, in northern Germany.	Ahneby	Germany
country	Podskrajnik (pronounced (pɔtˈskɾaːi̯nik)) is a settlement on the western outskirts of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podskrajnik	Slovenia
country	Stojanski Vrh (pronounced (stɔˈjaːnski ˈʋəɾx); German: Stojanski Werch) is a village in the Municipality of Brežice, eastern Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia.	Stojanski Vrh	Slovenia
country	Lelystad Airport (IATA: LEY, ICAO: EHLE) is an airport 3.5 NM (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) south southeast of the city of Lelystad in the Netherlands.	Lelystad Airport	Netherlands
country	The Himmeldunkberg or Himmeldunk is a 887.9 m above sea level (NN) m high, extinct volcano in the High Rhön (Hohe Rhön) in Germany.	Himmeldunkberg	Germany
country	Mount Helicon (Ancient Greek: Ἑλικών; Modern Greek: Ελικώνας) is a mountain in the region of Thespiai in Boeotia, Greece, celebrated in Greek mythology.	Mount Helicon	Greece
country	Shoja Khanlu (Persian: شجاع خانلو‎, also Romanized as Shojā`` Khānlū) is a village in Bastamlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 150, in 33 families.	Shoja Khanlu	Iran
country	Ratnipora is a town in Kashmir, India, situated equally distant from three towns, Awantipora, Pulwama and Pampore.	Ratnipora	India
country	The Municipality of Jesenice (Slovene: Občina Jesenice) is a municipality in northwest Slovenia.	Municipality of Jesenice	Slovenia
country	Angell Woods is an old-growth forest in Beaconsfield, Quebec, Canada.	Angell Woods	Canada
country	The Leofoo Village Theme Park (Chinese: 六福村主題遊樂園; pinyin: Liùfú Cūn Zhǔtí Yóulèyuán) is a theme park and a safari located in Guanxi Township, Hsinchu County, Taiwan.	Leofoo Village Theme Park	Taiwan
country	The Larry Gomes Stadium, located in Malabar, Arima, Trinidad and Tobago, is named for West Indies cricketer Larry Gomes.	Larry Gomes Stadium	Trinidad and Tobago
country	The Brienzer Rothorn is a mountain of the Emmental Alps, in Switzerland.	Brienzer Rothorn	Switzerland
country	The Château de Menars is a château associated with Madame de Pompadour situated on the bank of the Loire at Menars (Loir-et-Cher) in France.	Château de Menars	France
country	The Iriri Novo River is a tributary of the Iriri River in Pará state in north-central Brazil.	Iriri Novo River	Brazil
country	Assuly is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Assuly	Azerbaijan
country	Tursko Wielkie (ˈturskɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Tursko Wielkie	Poland
country	Dronning Louises Bro (English: Queen Louise's Bridge) is a bridge across The Lakes in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Dronning Louises Bro	Denmark
country	Cheshmeh-ye Yahya (Persian: چشمه يحيي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Yaḥya) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Yahya	Iran
country	The Rahmi M. Koç Museum is a private industrial museum in Istanbul, Turkey dedicated to history of transport, industry and communications.	Rahmi M. Koç Museum	Turkey
country	Subiaco Marist Cricket Club (SMCC) is a cricket club based in Churchlands, Western Australia.	Subiaco Marist Cricket Club	Australia
country	Darshahi (Persian: دارشاهي‎, also Romanized as Dārshāhī) is a village in Dana Rural District, in the Central District of Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darshahi	Iran
country	Sar Dowkaneh (Persian: سردوكانه‎, also Romanized as Sar Dowkāneh) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sar Dowkaneh	Iran
country	The Parc et Roseraie du Château de Rambures (10 hectares) is a private park with arboretum and rose garden located at the Château de Rambures, 8, rue du Château, Rambures, Somme, Picardie, France.	Parc et Roseraie du Château de Rambures	France
country	Gilanbar-e Sofla (Persian: گيلانبرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Gīlānbar-e Soflá; also known as Gīlānbar-e Bālā) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gilanbar-e Sofla	Iran
country	Malaya Rata is the mountain areas of central Sri Lanka.	Malaya Rata	Sri Lanka
country	Kasompe Airport (IATA: CGJ, ICAO: FLKE) is an airport serving Chingola, a city in the Copperbelt Province in Zambia.	Kasompe Airport	Zambia
country	The Bidasoa (Basque: (bidasoa), Spanish: (biðaˈsoa); French: Bidassoa) is a river in the Basque Country of northern Spain and southern France that runs largely south to north.	Bidasoa	Spain	France
country	Montpellier Méditerranée Métropole is the intercommunal structure gathering the commune of Montpellier in France and some of its suburbs.	Montpellier Méditerranée Métropole	France
country	Hjørring County (Danish: Hjørring Amt) is a former province in Denmark, located on the northern tip of Jutland and encompassing most of the island of Vendsyssel-Thy and the island of Læsø.	Hjørring County	Denmark
country	The Württembergische Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft (``Württemberg Railway Company'') or WEG is a transport company in southwest Germany that operates railway lines and services.	Württembergische Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft	Germany
country	The company was incorporated on November 10, 1852, as the Grand Trunk Railway Company of Canada to build a railway line between Montreal and Toronto.	Grand Trunk Railway	Canada
country	Founded in 1946, ABC-Zeitung was the first children's magazine of East Germany, and at one time it had a circulation of 885,000 copies.	ABC-Zeitung	East Germany
country	Tarapur Atomic Power Station (T.A.P.S.) is located in Tarapur, Maharashtra town of (India).	Tarapur Atomic Power Station	India
country	Ain al-Fijah (Arabic: عين الفيجة‎, also spelled Ayn al-Fijeh and Ein Al Fejeh) is a small town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located 25 kilometers southwest of Damascus.	Ain al-Fijah	Syria
country	Lipni Dol (pronounced (ˈliːpni ˈdoːl) or (ˈliːpni ˈdoːu̯)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Lipni Dol	Slovenia
country	The Napaaktoktok River is a waterway in the Kitikmeot region of Nunavut in Canada.	Napaaktoktok River	Canada
country	Joulaki (Persian: جولكي‎‎, also Romanized as Jūlakī and Jūlekī) is a village in Sar Joulaki Rural District, Joulaki District, Aghajari County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Joulaki	Iran
country	The Yeelirrie uranium project is a proposed uranium mining project, located approximately 70 km south west of Wiluna, in the Mid West region of Western Australia.	Yeelirrie uranium project	Australia
country	Berenzaki (Persian: برنزكي‎, also Romanized as Berenzakī) is a village in Karian Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Berenzaki	Iran
country	Tazeh Kand-e Qadim (Persian: تازه كندقديم‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Qadīm; also known as Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Tazeh Kand Rural District, Tazeh Kand District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Qadim	Iran
country	Hamburg Hauptbahnhof is operated by DB Station&Service AG. With an average of 480,000 passengers a day, the station is the busiest in Germany and after the Gare du Nord in Paris, the second busiest in Europe.	Hamburg Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Aknalich (Armenian: Ակնալիճ; formerly, Aygherlich) is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Aknalich	Armenia
country	The Devin Hydro Power Plant is an active hydro power project in Devin, Bulgaria.	Devin Hydro Power Plant	Bulgaria
country	Chiang Mai Night Safari (Thai: เชียงใหม่ไนท์ซาฟารี) is a nocturnal zoo located in Chiang Mai, Thailand.	Chiang Mai Night Safari	Thailand
country	Wąwelno (vɔ̃ˈvɛlnɔ) (German: Lindenwald) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wąwelno	Poland
country	Sobrelapeña is a small village in the far north of Spain in the province of Cantabria.	Sobrelapeña	Spain
country	Sathodi Falls is a waterfall in India that is formed by several unnamed streams near Kallaramarane Ghat, Uttara Kannada District, near Sirsi, and 32 km from Yellapur.	Sathodi Falls	India
country	Garnarich (Armenian: Գառնառիճ, also Romanized as Garrnarrich; formerly, Kuzeykend, Kuzikend, and Khozikend) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Garnarich	Armenia
country	Tarkhovka (Russian: Та́рховка), is a railway station near Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Tarkhovka	Russia
country	Wairoa Aerodrome (IATA: WIR, ICAO: NZWO) is a small airport located in Wairoa, New Zealand.	Wairoa Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	Vitebsk Region, Vitsebsk Voblast, or Vitebsk Oblast (Belarusian: Ві́цебская во́бласць, Viciebskaja Vobłasć, pronounced (ˈvʲitsʲɛpskaja ˈvɔblastsʲ); Russian: Ви́тебская о́бласть, tr. Vitebskaya Oblast; IPA: (ˈvʲitʲɪpskəjə ˈobləsʲtʲ)) is a region (voblast) of Belarus with its administrative center being Vitebsk (Viciebsk).	Vitebsk Region	Belarus
country	Vrbovec (Croatian pronunciation: (ʋr̂boʋet͡s)) is a town in Zagreb County, Croatia, lying to the northeast of the capital Zagreb.	Vrbovec	Croatia
country	Siri Fort Auditorium is premier multi-auditorium complex of Government of India.	Siri Fort Auditorium	India
country	The Songwe River is a river that divides Malawi and Tanzania.	Songwe River	Malawi	Tanzania
country	Gowdanapalya is one of the residential localities in Bangalore, India.	Gowdanapalya	India
country	Babięty Małe (baˈbjɛntɨ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Babenz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Babięty Małe	Poland
country	The Huahum River or Río Huahum (Spanish pronunciation: (waˈum) Pronounced: /wɑːuːm/ WAH-oom), as it is known locally, is a river in southern Chile and Argentina.	Huahum River	Chile
country	Torre Ladrones (Thieves Tower) is a tower on the Puerto de Cabopino beach in Marbella, Spain.	Torre Ladrones	Spain
country	Koczergi (kɔˈt͡ʂɛrɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parczew, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Koczergi	Poland
country	Baluku (Persian: بلوكو‎, also Romanized as Balūkū) is a village in Mardehek Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Baluku	Iran
country	Vermandovillers German war cemetery contains remains of 22,632 soldiers who died in World War I. It is located in Somme Département, France and is cared for by the German War Graves Commission.	Vermandovillers German war cemetery	France
country	Seniški Breg (pronounced (sɛˈniːʃki ˈbɾeːk)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills above Avče in the Municipality of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Seniški Breg	Slovenia
country	Khujirt Airport (IATA: HJT, ICAO: ZMHU) is an airport in Mongolia.	Khujirt Airport	Mongolia
country	Kuz Jalkot is an administrative unit, known as Union council of Kohistan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Kuz Jalkot	Pakistan
country	Stugudal Chapel (Norwegian: Stugudal kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Tydal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Stugudal Chapel	Norway
country	Gaasterlân-Sleat is a former municipality in the northern Netherlands.	Gaasterlân-Sleat	Netherlands
country	The Lauingen Energy Park is a 27.7-megawatt (MW) photovoltaic power station, located in Bavarian Swabia, Germany.	Lauingen Energy Park	Germany
country	Ahvaz International Airport (IATA: AWZ, ICAO: OIAW) is an airport serving the city of Ahvaz, Iran.	Ahvaz International Airport	Iran
country	Vrčice (pronounced (ʋəɾˈtʃiːtsɛ); in older sources also Brčice, German: Wertschitz or Wertschitsch) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia.	Vrčice	Slovenia
country	Tarazak-e Kasan (Persian: ترازك كسان‎, also Romanized as Tarāzak-e Kasān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tarazak-e Kasan	Iran
country	Merkers Adventure Mines are a visitor attraction in Krayenberggemeinde in the Wartburgkreis district of Thuringia, Germany.	Merkers Adventure Mines	Germany
country	Sarduiyeh District (Persian: بخش ساردوئیه‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sarduiyeh District	Iran
country	Kihuyo is a settlement in Kenya's Central Province, located seven kilometers from Nyeri.	Kihuyo	Kenya
country	The Reece Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in the West Coast region of Tasmania, Australia.	Reece Power Station	Australia
country	Kologriv (Russian: Кологри́в) is a town and the administrative center of Kologrivsky District in Kostroma Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Unzha River 339 kilometers (211 mi) northeast of Kostroma, the administrative center of the oblast.	Kologriv	Russia
country	Oedo is an island of Geoje city, Gyeongsangnam-do, South Korea.	Oedo	South Korea
country	Detour Gold's proven gold reserves of 15.6 million ounces is comparable to that of Canada's Osisko Mining, whose main property is also in the vicinity of the Abitibi gold belt.	Detour Gold	Canada
country	Ancient Kellis, now known as Ismant el-Kharab (Ismant the ruined), was a village in Upper Egypt during the Roman Period.	Kellis	Egypt
country	Tsingy de Namoroka Strict Nature Reserve, also known as Namoroka National Park, is a strict nature reserve located in the northwestern part of Madagascar in the Mahajanga Province, specifically, the Soalala District.	Tsingy de Namoroka Strict Nature Reserve	Madagascar
country	Umm Salal (Arabic: أم صلال‎) is a municipality in the State of Qatar.	Umm Salal	Qatar
country	Pharmacia was a pharmaceutical and biotechnological company in Sweden that merged with the American pharmaceutical company Upjohn in 1995.	Pharmacia	Sweden
country	The Central Cebu Protected Landscape, (CCPL) is a protected area located in the mountains and drainage basins of central Cebu in the Philippines.	Central Cebu Protected Landscape	Philippines
country	Kunturwasa (Quechua kuntur condor, wasa back, ``condor back'', hispanicized spelling Condorhuasa) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,344 metres (14,252 ft) high.	Kunturwasa	Peru
country	Ilandža (Serbian Cyrillic: Иланџа) is a village in Serbia.	Ilandža	Serbia
country	Skrte (Serbian: Скрте) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Skrte	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ogljenšak (pronounced (ˈoːɡljɛnʃak)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Ogljenšak	Slovenia
country	Kobenni or Kobeni is a town and communein southern Mauritania as is the administrative headquarters of Kobenni Department.	Kobenni	Mauritania
country	Pięćmiechowo (pjɛnt͡ɕmjɛˈxɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pięćmiechowo	Poland
country	The Academy of Fine Arts Vienna (German: Akademie der bildenden Künste Wien) is a public art school of higher education in Vienna, Austria.	Academy of Fine Arts Vienna	Austria
country	The Liganga mine is a large proposed iron mine located in central Tanzania in the Ludewa District of Iringa Region.	Liganga mine	Tanzania
country	Inner Savonia is a subdivision of Northern Savonia and one of the Sub-regions of Finland since 2009.	Inner Savonia	Finland
country	The Black and White Café was a cafe in St Pauls, Bristol in the United Kingdom, opened in 1971.	Black and White Café	United Kingdom
country	Jawaharlal Nehru Port, also known as Nhava Sheva, is the largest container port in India.	Jawaharlal Nehru Port	India
country	Wólka Wojnowska (ˈvulka vɔi̯ˈnɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wólka Wojnowska	Poland
country	The Burrowa News and Marengo, Binalong, Murrumburrah and Cootamundra Reporter (also published as the Burrowa News) was a weekly English language newspaper published in Boorowa, New South Wales, Australia.	Burrowa News and Marengo, Binalong, Murrumburrah and Cootamundra Reporter	Australia
country	The Ontario Deposit Return Program (ODRP), also simply known as Bag it Back, is a regulation of the province of Ontario, Canada in 2007.	Ontario Deposit Return Program	Canada
country	North Kivu (Nord-Kivu in French) is a province bordering Lake Kivu in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.	North Kivu	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Qasr-e Jamal (Persian: قصرجمال‎, also Romanized as Qaşr-e Jamāl and Qasr-i-Jamāl) is a village in Khobriz Rural District, in the Central District of Arsanjan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qasr-e Jamal	Iran
country	Qareh Jalu (Persian: قره جلو‎, also Romanized as Qareh Jalū; also known as Qarājalū) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qareh Jalu	Iran
country	The Royal Palaces of Abomey are 12 palaces spread over a 40 hectares (99 acres) area at the heart of the Abomey town in Benin, formerly the capital of the West African Kingdom of Dahomey.	Royal Palaces of Abomey	Benin
country	Long Biên Railway Station is a railway station in Hanoi, Vietnam on the Long Biên Bridge.	Long Biên Railway Station	Vietnam
country	Cacilhas is a former civil parish in the municipality of Almada, Lisbon Metropolitan Area, Portugal.	Cacilhas	Portugal
country	Monti Reatini is a mountain range in the central Apennines, Italy.	Monti Reatini	Italy
country	The Restaurant Talvo is a traditional gourmet restaurant in a historic building at the Via Gunels in the village of Champfèr in the Engadin in Switzerland.	Restaurant Talvo	Switzerland
country	The Central Council of Afghan Trade Unions (CCATU) was a labour council established by the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan in 1978 to organize the Afghan labour movement.	Central Council of Afghan Trade Unions	Afghanistan
country	Mera Peak is a mountain in the Mahalangur section, Barun sub-section of the Himalaya and administratively in Nepal's Sagarmatha Zone, Solukhumbu District.	Mera Peak	Nepal
country	Hosseinabad Bazi (Persian: حسین‌آباد بزی ‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hosseinabad Bazi	Iran
country	Galinakopf is a mountain in on the border of Austria and Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps, with a height of 2,198 metres (7,211 ft).	Galinakopf	Austria	Liechtenstein
country	The Bedok Police Division (or 'G' Division, Chinese: 勿洛警区) is a police division of the Singapore Police Force.	Bedok Police Division	Singapore
country	Kahale (Arabic الكحالة) is a mountain village in the district of Aley (Caza Aley), Lebanon, 13 km from Beirut.	Kahale	Lebanon
country	The Deutscher Koordinierungsrat der Gesellschaften für Christlich-Jüdische Zusammenarbeit (DKR - German Coordinating-Council for Christian-Jewish cooperation organisations) is an umbrella organisation for 81 local and regional organisations in Germany working for Christian-Jewish collaboration.	Deutscher Koordinierungsrat der Gesellschaften für Christlich-Jüdische Zusammenarbeit	Germany
country	The Church of St. Chrysogonus (Croatian: Crkva sv. Krševana) is a Roman Catholic church located in Zadar, Croatia, named after Saint Chrysogonus, the patron saint of the city.	Church of St. Chrysogonus	Croatia
country	Chaves Airport (IATA: CHV, ICAO: LPCH) is an airport serving Chaves in northern Portugal.	Chaves Airport	Portugal
country	PTV Sports have rights of all matches of Pakistan cricket up to 2016 and all matches of Pakistan Super League up to 2018.	PTV Sports	Pakistan
country	Ak-Dovurak (Russian: Ак-Довурак) is a town in the Tuva Republic, Russia, located on the Khemchik River (left tributary of the Yenisei), 301 kilometers (187 mi) west of Kyzyl.	Ak-Dovurak	Russia
country	The Kech River flows in the Makran region, of southeastern Iran and the southwestern area of Balochistan Province in southwestern Pakistan.	Kech River	Pakistan
country	Gorodczyno (ɡɔrɔˈt͡ʂːɨnɔ) (Ukrainian: Городчино, Horodchyno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gorodczyno	Poland
country	Brestovik (Serbian Cyrillic: Брестовик) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Brestovik	Serbia
country	Adum Banso is a village in the southwest of Ghana not far from the coast.	Adum Banso	Ghana
country	Grande Riviere is one of the more remote settlement in Trinidad and Tobago.	Grande Riviere	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Lockhart Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located adjacent to Lockhart Beach Provincial Park, 40 km north of Creston, British Columbia on the east shore of Kootenay Lake.	Lockhart Creek Provincial Park	Canada
country	Almetyevsk (Russian: Альме́тьевск; Tatar: Cyrillic Әлмәт, Latin Älmät) is a city in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located on the left bank of the Zay River (Kama's tributary) 265 kilometers (165 mi) southeast of Kazan.	Almetyevsk	Russia
country	Adorjan (Serbian Cyrillic: Адорјан, Hungarian: Adorján) is a village in Serbia.	Adorjan	Serbia
country	Hattfjelldal Airport (Norwegian: Hattfjelldal flyplass) is a general aviation airport located in Hattfjelldal, Norway.	Hattfjelldal Airport	Norway
country	Panovci (pronounced (ˈpaːnɔu̯tsi); Hungarian: Úriszék) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Gornji Petrovci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Panovci	Slovenia
country	Upper Hungary is the usual English translation of Felvidék (lit.: ``Upland''), the Hungarian term for the area that was historically the northern part of the Kingdom of Hungary, now mostly present-day Slovakia.	Upper Hungary	Slovakia
country	The Vionène is a small river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France.	Vionène	France
country	Metoubes is town in the northern Kafr el-Sheikh Governorate of Egypt.	Metoubes	Egypt
country	Lunano is a small town and comune in the province of Pesaro e Urbino in the Marche region of central Italy.	Lunano	Italy
country	The Giardino Botanico Alpino San Marco (1 hectare) is an alpine nature preserve and botanical garden located at 1040 meters altitude, at Km 44 of SP 46, Pian delle Fugazze, Malga Prà, Valli del Pasubio, Province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy.	Giardino Botanico Alpino San Marco	Italy
country	Kabir Kuh (In Persian: کبیرکوه In Kurdish: کڤەر -Kiver) is one of the long ranges of the Zagros Mountains near the border of Lurestan and Ilam Provinces in Ilam province, Iran.	Kabir Kuh	Iran
country	Żerzuszyce (ʐɛʐuˈʂɨt͡sɛ) (German: Grunau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobótka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Żerzuszyce	Poland
country	Pomos (Greek: Πωμός) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 17 km northeast of Polis Chrysochous.	Pomos	Cyprus
country	Hineman (Persian: هينمان‎, also Romanized as Hīnemān and Hinamān; also known as Ḩīnehmān) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hineman	Iran
country	Route nationale 10, or RN 10, is a trunk (route nationale) in France between Paris and the border with Spain via Bordeaux.	Route nationale 10	France
country	In 1986 DQS became the first certification body in Germany to issue a certificate according to ISO 9001.	DQS	Germany
country	Ziaran (Persian: زياران‎‎, also Romanized as Zīārān and Zīyārān) is a village in Ziaran Rural District, in the Central District of Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Ziaran	Iran
country	Ježeprosina (Cyrillic: Јежепросина) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ježeprosina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kliczkowy (klit͡ʂˈkɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karsin, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kliczkowy	Poland
country	Dolgo Brdo pri Mlinšah (pronounced (ˈdoːu̯ɡɔ ˈbəɾdɔ pɾi ˈmliːnʃax)) is a settlement west of Izlake in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Dolgo Brdo pri Mlinšah	Slovenia
country	Ragsha (Persian: رگشا‎, also Romanized as Ragshā; also known as Rakshā, Rekshā, Rokshā, and Rūkshah) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District, Sarbuk District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ragsha	Iran
country	Caminhos da Colônia, Portuguese for ``Pathways of the Colony'', is a scenic tourist route of four settlements in the Serra Gaúcha in the state of Rio Grande do Sul in southern Brazil.	Caminhos da Colônia	Brazil
country	Jabot Airport, also known as Jabat Airport, is a public use airport on Jabot Island, Marshall Islands.	Jabot Airport	Marshall Islands
country	Tecozautla (Otomi: Masofo) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico.	Tecozautla	Mexico
country	Skulte Port (Latvian: Skultes osta) is the port authority of Zvejniekciems, Latvia.	Skulte Port	Latvia
country	Blåtårn (in English: Blue Tower) was a tower in Copenhagen Castle, the Danish royal family's palace in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Blåtårn	Denmark
country	Alcazarén is a town and municipality in the Province of Valladolid, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon, Spain.	Alcazarén	Spain
country	Kempen Airport or Budel Airport (Dutch: Vliegveld Kempen), also just called Budel after the nearby town, is a general aviation airport in the south-east of the Netherlands located 5 NM (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) west of Weert and near the border with Belgium.	Kempen Airport	Netherlands
country	Kozinki (kɔˈʑinki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kozinki	Poland
country	The Shankaragaurishvara Temple is dedicated to the Hindu god Shiva and located in Patan, near Baramulla, India.	Shankaragaurishvara Temple	India
country	High Valley's album Broken Borders was named Album of the Year at the 2007 GMA Canada Covenant Awards, while the song ``Back to You'' was awarded Country Song of the Year.	High Valley	Canada
country	Kafr Naya (Arabic: كفرنايا‎) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located north of Aleppo.	Kafr Naya	Syria
country	Naryan-Mar Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Нарьян-Мар) (IATA: NNM, ICAO: ULAM) is an airport in Russia located 3 km east of Naryan-Mar. It is a mixed civilian-military field, and is the only major facility airfield on the Barents Sea coast between Arkhangelsk and Novaya Zemlya.	Naryan-Mar Airport	Russia
country	Kowale Oleckie (kɔˈvalɛ ɔˈlɛt͡skʲɛ) (German: Kowahlen, from 1938-45 Reimannswalde) is a village in Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kowale Oleckie	Poland
country	Kongsfjorden Bird Sanctuary (Norwegian: Kongsfjorden fuglereservat) is a 140 ha bird reserve at Svalbard, Norway, established in 1973.	Kongsfjorden Bird Sanctuary	Norway
country	Homag-e Pain (Persian: هماگ پائين‎, also Romanized as Homāg-e Pā’īn; also known as Homāk-e Pā’īn, Homā-ye Pā’īn, and Homay Sofla) is a village in Siyahu Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Homag-e Pain	Iran
country	Commonwealth Jazz Club is a 1965 music television miniseries which was co-produced in Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom.	Commonwealth Jazz Club	Australia
country	Bavaridan (Persian: باوريدن‎, also Romanized as Bāvarīdān and Bāwaridan) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bavaridan	Iran
country	Christchurch Adventist School (CAS) is a co-educational, K-13 secondary school (years 1--13) in Papanui suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand.	Christchurch Adventist School	New Zealand
country	Bandaranaike International Airport (also known as Colombo International Airport and Katunayake International Airport) (IATA: CMB, ICAO: VCBI) is the main international airport serving Sri Lanka, and a hub for SriLankan Airlines.	Bandaranaike International Airport	Sri Lanka
country	Granite-steppe lands of Buh is a regional landscape park in the north-west of Mykolaiv Oblast in Ukraine.	Granite-steppe lands of Buh	Ukraine
country	Bøyabreen is a glacier in the Fjærland area in Sogndal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Bøyabreen	Norway
country	Gowd-e Lir (Persian: گودلير‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Līr) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Lir	Iran
country	Hatun Pukaqucha (Quechua hatun (in Bolivia always jatun) big / superior / principal, puka red, qucha lake, ``big red lake'', hispanicized spelling Jatun Pucacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region, Quispicanchi Province, Ocongate District.	Hatun Pukaqucha	Peru
country	Chak Sar (Persian: چاكسر‎, also Romanized as Chāk Sar) is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chak Sar	Iran
country	Zhylyoi District (Kazakh: Жылыой ауданы, Jılıoy awdanı) is a district located in the southeastern region of Atyrau Region in Kazakhstan.	Zhylyoi District	Kazakhstan
country	Mal i Jushit (also: Jugë) is a settlement in the former Bushat municipality, Shkodër County, northern Albania.	Mal i Jushit	Albania
country	Bartomb (Persian: برتمب‎; also known as Bartūn) is a village in Qaleh Qazi Rural District, Qaleh Qazi District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bartomb	Iran
country	The Omaka Aviation Heritage Centre is an aviation museum located at the Omaka Air Field, 5 km (3 mi) from the centre of Blenheim, New Zealand.	Omaka Aviation Heritage Centre	New Zealand
country	Danish International Development Agency (DANIDA), is the brand which the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark, uses when it provides humanitarian aid and development assistance to other countries, with focus on developing countries.	Danish International Development Agency	Denmark
country	Nevis Peak is a potentially active volcano which is located in the centre of the island of Nevis of the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis in the West Indies.	Nevis Peak	Saint Kitts and Nevis
country	Idd is a parish and former municipality in Halden, Østfold county, Norway.	Idd	Norway
country	Zielonagóra (ʑelɔnaˈɡura) (Polish for Green Mountain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrzycko, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Zielonagóra	Poland
country	Kyzylly (also, Kizilly) is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kyzylly	Azerbaijan
country	Île Illiec is a small island located off the coast of Port-Blanc, Brittany, France.	Île Illiec	France
country	The Wadi Lebda Dam is an embankment dam located on Wadi Lebda, 5 km (3 mi) south of Khoms in the Murqub District, Libya.	Wadi Lebda Dam	Libya
country	Birovača (Serbian Cyrillic: Бировача) is a village in Croatia.	Birovača	Croatia
country	Gamgadhi is the headquarters of Mugu District in the Karnali Zone of northern Nepal.	Gamgadhi	Nepal
country	Huma County (simplified Chinese: 呼玛县; traditional Chinese: 呼瑪縣; pinyin: Hūmǎ xiàn; Manchu: Hūmar Siyan; Russian: Кумары) is a county in the far north of the Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Huma County	People's Republic of China
country	Kulab railway station (Urdu: کولاب ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Kulab village, Bahawalpur district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Kulab railway station	Pakistan
country	Bayramushagy (also, Bayram-Ushagi) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bayramushagy	Azerbaijan
country	Real Rincon is a football club from the town of Rincon on Bonaire in the Caribbean Netherlands.	Real Rincon	Netherlands
country	Sukhipur is a municipality in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	Sukhipur	Nepal
country	Baghdad Governorate (Arabic: محافظة بغداد‎ Muḥāfaẓät Baġdād), also known as the Baghdad Province, is the capital governorate of Iraq.	Baghdad Governorate	Iraq
country	Lagolzar (Persian: لاگلزار‎, also Romanized as Lāgolzār) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lagolzar	Iran
country	Cerkljanski Vrh (pronounced (tsɛɾˈkljaːnski ˈʋəɾx)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Cerkljanski Vrh	Slovenia
country	Mount Moorosi (or Morosi's Mountain) is a mountain in the Drakensberg mountain range on the banks of the Orange River in southern Basutoland (modern Lesotho).	Mount Moorosi	Lesotho
country	Azeem Pura is a residential area of Shah Faisal Town, in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Azeem Pura	Pakistan
country	Gruszów Wielki (ˈɡruʂuf ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Gruszów Wielki	Poland
country	Taupo Intermediate School is a medium-sized school (year 7 and year 8) located in Taupo, New Zealand.	Taupo Intermediate School	New Zealand
country	Scladina, or Sclayn Cave, is an archaeological cave site in Andenne, Belgium.	Scladina	Belgium
country	Krawusin (kraˈvuɕin) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krawusin	Poland
country	Somin (ˈsɔmin) (German: Sommin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Somin	Poland
country	Kuhsorkh District (Persian: بخش کوهسرخ‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kuhsorkh District	Iran
country	The Elizabeth Mrazik-Cleaver Canadian Picture Book Award was established in 1985 following the death of Elizabeth Mrazik-Cleaver, one of Canada's pre-eminent book illustrators.	Elizabeth Mrazik-Cleaver Canadian Picture Book Award	Canada
country	British journalist Alistair Cooke described Franklin Delano Roosevelt's presidency of the United States of America in the two years from his inauguration to the Supreme Court's declaration that the National Recovery Administration was unconstitutional, as a benevolent dictatorship.	National Recovery Administration	United States of America
country	The Multan Heavy Water Production Facility is a small heavy water production plant, located in Multan, Punjab, Pakistan, with an original annual capacity of 13 metric tons.	Multan Heavy Water Production Facility	Pakistan
country	Ucisków (uˈt͡ɕiskuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ucisków	Poland
country	Kadirur is a census town within the Thalassery Taluk of Kannur District in the State of Kerala, India.	Kadirur	India
country	Ucarlı (also, Udzharly) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ucarlı	Azerbaijan
country	As per constitution of India and Panchyati Raaj Act, Khadaura village is administrated by Sarpanch (Head of Village) who is elected representative of village.	Khadaura	India
country	Potamos tou Kampou (Greek: Πoταμός του Κάμπου; Turkish: Yedidalga) is a small village in Cyprus, west of Karavostasi.	Potamos tou Kampou	Cyprus
country	The Georges River National Park is a protected national park that is located in south--western Sydney, in eastern Australia.	Georges River National Park	Australia
country	Saint-Martin-Terressus (Occitan: Sent Martin Tarrassos) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Saint-Martin-Terressus	France
country	Bilecik is the provincial capital of Turkey's Bilecik Province.	Bilecik	Turkey
country	The University of Tasmania (UTAS) is a public research university primarily located in Tasmania, Australia.	University of Tasmania	Australia
country	Vogelpark Avifauna (English: Avifauna Bird Park) is a large bird park in Alphen aan den Rijn, in the western Netherlands.	Vogelpark Avifauna	Netherlands
country	Nad Tatrou sa blýska (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈnat tatrow sa ˈbliːska); English: Lightning over the Tatras) is the national anthem of Slovakia.	Nad Tatrou sa blýska	Slovakia
country	Société Calédonienne de Transports Aériens, operating as Air Calédonie, is a French airline and is the domestic airline for New Caledonia, headquartered on the grounds of Magenta Airport in Nouméa.	Air Calédonie	New Caledonia
country	Mutorashanga is a small ferrochrome mining town in Mashonaland West province in Zimbabwe.	Mutorashanga	Zimbabwe
country	Drwinia (ˈdrviɲa) is a village in Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Drwinia	Poland
country	Draslajca (Macedonian: Драслајца) is a village in the south-western region of the Republic of Macedonia.	Draslajca	Macedonia
country	Ano Diakopto (Greek: Άνω Διακοπτό, before 1940: Πέρα Μαχαλάς - Pera Machalas) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Diakopto, Achaea, Greece.	Ano Diakopto	Greece
country	The Wooloongabba Branch railway line was a branch line off the South Coast railway line in the inner southern suburbs of Brisbane, Australia.	Wooloongabba Branch railway line	Australia
country	Serenissima Solar Park is a 48 MW photovoltaic (PV) plant in Northeast Italy.	Serenissima Solar Park	Italy
country	Sinai and Gulf Corner Centre (Persian: کوي سينا و خليج مر کز ي‎ -- Kūy Sīnā va Khelīj Markazī) is a planned community/village in Sulqan Rural District, Kan District, Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Sinai and Gulf Corner Centre	Iran
country	Annappes is a village and former commune of the Nord Department of France, on the Mark River.	Annappes	France
country	Sivice is a village and municipality (obec) in Brno-Country District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Sivice	Czech Republic
country	Cheraghabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان چراغ آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Tukahur District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Cheraghabad Rural District	Iran
country	Cape Wom is a cape (or small peninsula) near Wewak, Papua New Guinea, pointing into the Dogreto Bay of the Bismarck Sea.	Cape Wom	Papua New Guinea
country	Erasmus University Rotterdam (abbreviated as EUR, Dutch: Erasmus Universiteit Rotterdam) is a public university located in Rotterdam, Netherlands, the city that also houses the largest port in Europe.	Erasmus University Rotterdam	Netherlands
country	Lipsenj (pronounced (liˈpseːn)) is a small village between Žerovnica and Gorenje Jezero on the eastern edge of Lake Cerknica in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Lipsenj	Slovenia
country	Jalan Kuala Selangor-Bestari Jaya or Jalan Rawang on Kuala Selangor side (Selangor state route ) is a major road in Selangor, Malaysia.	Jalan Kuala Selangor-Bestari Jaya	Malaysia
country	Tamchakett Airport (IATA: THT, ICAO: GQNT) is an airport serving Tamchakett in Mauritania.	Tamchakett Airport	Mauritania
country	Vial Island, also known as Wei Island and Jacquinot Island, is an island of Papua New Guinea.	Vial Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Rognosa d'Etiache (in Italian) or Rognosa d'Étache (in French) is a mountain in the Cottian Alps on the border of Turin, Italy, and Savoie, France.	Rognosa d'Etiache	Italy
country	Heeswijk-Dinther (population: 7.906) is a former old town and municipality in the southern Netherlands, in the province of North Brabant being named after the former municipalities Heeswijk and Dinther.	Heeswijk-Dinther	Netherlands
country	Ma Wan Viaduct is a viaduct built over Ma Wan, an island in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China.	Ma Wan Viaduct	People's Republic of China
country	Kato Melpeia (Greek: Κάτω Μέλπεια) is a village and a community located in the municipal unit of Andania in Messenia, Greece.	Kato Melpeia	Greece
country	Laguna Brava (Spanish for wild or rough lake, Spanish pronunciation: (laˈɣuna ˈβɾaβa)), also known as Yolnabaj is a karstic lake in Guatemala.	Laguna Brava	Guatemala
country	Akia Island (Danish: Langø) is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Akia Island	Greenland
country	El Putget i Farró (or el Putxet i el Farró) is a neighbourhood in the Sarrià-Sant Gervasi district of Barcelona, Catalonia (Spain), located on a hill between Vallcarca and Sant Gervasi, urbanised after the 1870s.	El Putget i Farró	Spain
country	Settat (Arabic: سطات‎) is a city in Morocco between the national capital Rabat and Marrakech.	Settat	Morocco
country	Weloy (Yapese: Weeloey) is a village and municipality in the state of Yap, Federated States of Micronesia.	Weloy	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Ab Maru (Persian: آب مارو‎, also Romanized as Āb Mārū) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Maru	Iran
country	Rogowo-Majątek (rɔˈɡɔvɔ maˈjɔntɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rogowo-Majątek	Poland
country	Berbérati is the third-largest city in the Central African Republic, with a population of 76,918 (2003 census).	Berbérati	Central African Republic
country	The Oslofjord Tunnel (Norwegian: Oslofjordtunnelen) is a subsea road tunnel which traverses the Oslofjord, connecting Hurum and Frogn in Norway.	Oslofjord Tunnel	Norway
country	Bertrange (Luxembourgish: Bartreng, German: Bartringen) is a commune and town in south-western Luxembourg.	Bertrange	Luxembourg
country	Eastern Federal Credit Union Insurance Building is a tall Building located in Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Eastern Federal Credit Union Insurance Building	Bangladesh
country	Luco de Bordón is a town in the municipality of Castellote in Spain's Teruel province.	Luco de Bordón	Spain
country	Gerehu is a large residential suburb to the north of Port Moresby, the capital city of Papua New Guinea.	Gerehu	Papua New Guinea
country	Kabgayi is just south of Gitarama in Muhanga District, Southern Province, Rwanda, 25 miles (40 km) southwest of Kigali.	Kabgayi	Rwanda
country	Karmelita (karmɛˈlita) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Karmelita	Poland
country	Coimbatore Central Prison is a prison located near Gandhipuram bus stand in Coimbatore, India.	Coimbatore Central Prison	India
country	Ketmen'tebe (Kyrgyz: Кетмен-Төбө - Ketmen-Töbö) is an urban-type settlement in Jalal-Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Ketmen'tebe	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Serranía de San Lucas is a forested massif in the Bolívar Department of northern Colombia that reaches heights of 2,600m above sea level.	Serranía de San Lucas	Colombia
country	The Karnin Lift Bridge (German: Hubbrücke Karnin) is a railway bridge over the Peenestrom estuary in North Germany that was opened in 1933 and destroyed in 1945.	Karnin Lift Bridge	Germany
country	Surselva District (Romansh: District da la Surselva ) is an administrative district in the canton of the Grisons, Switzerland.	Surselva District	Switzerland
country	Thayngen (German pronunciation: (ˈtaːɪŋən)) is a village and a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.	Thayngen	Switzerland
country	The Franklin Large Igneous Province is a Neoproterozoic large igneous province in the Canadian Arctic of Northern Canada.	Franklin Large Igneous Province	Canada
country	The ruined Kudryntsi Castle (Ukrainian: Кудринецький замок, Kudrynets'kyi zamok, Polish: Zamek w Kudryńcach) is perched on a hilltop overlooking the Zbruch River in Borschiv Raion, Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine, 25 km west of a larger fortress in Kamianets-Podilskyi.	Kudryntsi Castle	Ukraine
country	Fort Portal Regional Referral Hospital, commonly known as Fort Portal Hospital, sometimes referred to as Buhinga Hospital, is a hospital in the town of Fort Portal, in Kabarole District, Western Uganda.	Fort Portal Hospital	Uganda
country	Polizzi Generosa (Sicilian: Pulizzi) is a town and comune (population 4,530) in the Province of Palermo on the island of Sicily, southern Italy.	Polizzi Generosa	Italy
country	Khapchagay (Russian: Хапчагай) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Doydunsky Rural Okrug of Megino-Kangalassky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 108 kilometers (67 mi) from Mayya, the administrative center of the district.	Khapchagay	Russia
country	Libelj (German: Libelberg) is a small settlement in the hills west of Leskovec pri Krškem in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Libelj	Slovenia
country	Taman Impian Jaya Ancol otherwise known as Ancol Dreamland is an integral part of Ancol Bay City, a resort destination located along Jakarta's waterfront, in Ancol Kelurahan, Pademangan, Indonesia.	Ancol Dreamland	Indonesia
country	Slagelse is a small town in Denmark located in west Zealand.	Slagelse	Denmark
country	The Hoya of Guadix (Spanish: Hoya de Guadix) is a natural plain in the northern part of the province of Granada, Andalusia, Spain.	Hoya of Guadix	Spain
country	The Castlereagh Cup is a rugby league competition in western New South Wales, Australia, run under the auspices of the Country Rugby League.	Castlereagh Cup	Australia
country	Turramurra High School is a large public comprehensive co-educational high school of approximately 1230 students, operated by the New South Wales Department of Education and Communities (DEC), located in South Turramurra, a residential area on the North Shore of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Turramurra High School	Australia
country	Brätte, originally known as Vassända, was a settlement on Vänern's southernmost bay, now Lake Vassbotten; it was a predecessor of today's Vänersborg, Sweden.	Brätte	Sweden
country	Yeongju is a city in the far north region of North Gyeongsang province in South Korea, covering 668.84 km2 with a population of 113,930 people according to the 2008 census.	Yeongju	South Korea
country	Jondalen is a valley in Kongsberg municipality, Norway, outside the city of Kongsberg.	Jondalen	Norway
country	Wola Mieczysławska (ˈvɔla mjɛt͡ʂɨˈswafska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Mieczysławska	Poland
country	Kumiałka (kuˈmjau̯ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kumiałka	Poland
country	Hir District (Persian: بخش هیر‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hir District	Iran
country	Chaoyang University of Technology (CYUT; Chinese: 朝陽科技大學) is a university in Wufeng District, Taichung, Taiwan.	Chaoyang University of Technology	Taiwan
country	Fiľakovo (Hungarian: Fülek, German: Fülleck, Turkish: Filek) is a town in the Banská Bystrica Region of south-central Slovakia.	Fiľakovo	Slovakia
country	Mangol-e Jonubi (Persian: منگل جنوبي‎, also Romanized as Mangol-e Jonūbī; also known as Mangol) is a village in Chelav Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mangol-e Jonubi	Iran
country	Budinarci (Macedonian: Будинарци) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia.	Budinarci	Macedonia
country	Hamina Fortress is located in Finland on the coast of the Gulf of Finland and it is an integral part of the Hamina city centre.	Hamina Fortress	Finland
country	Stadion Stali Mielec at Solskiego 1 is a multi-use stadium in Mielec, Poland.	Stadion Stali Mielec	Poland
country	Jowhar District (Somali: Degmada Jowhar) is a district of the southeastern Shabeellaha Dhexe in Somalia.	Jowhar District	Somalia
country	Ndola is the third largest city in Zambia, with a population of 455,194 (2010 census provisional).	Ndola	Zambia
country	Kovddoskaisi (Northern Sami: Govddosgáisi) is the fourth highest mountain in Finland with a summit at 1242 m (prominence 440m).	Kovddoskaisi	Finland
country	Buky Canyon is a canyon near the Buky village, on the Hirs'kyi Tikych river in the Cherkasy Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Buky Canyon	Ukraine
country	Dobrova pri Dravogradu (pronounced (ˈdoːbɾɔva pɾi ˈdɾaːvɔɡɾadu)) is a village south of Dravograd in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia.	Dobrova pri Dravogradu	Slovenia
country	Metesh (Persian: متش‎) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Metesh	Iran
country	Acalan (Chontal Maya: Tamactun, Nahuatl: Acallan) was a Chontal Maya region in what is now southern Campeche, Mexico.	Acalan	Mexico
country	Waiowa (also called Goropu) is an isolated trachyandesitic volcano on New Guinea island, Papua New Guinea.	Waiowa	Papua New Guinea
country	The Faculty of Philology and Pedagogics of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom is one of eight divisions of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom, Poland.	Faculty of Philology and Pedagogics of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom	Poland
country	Lago Norte is an administrative region in the Federal District, Brazil.	Lago Norte	Brazil
country	Wewak is the capital of the East Sepik province of Papua New Guinea.	Wewak	Papua New Guinea
country	Kanjvaran-e Sofla (Persian: كنجوران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kanjvarān-e Soflá; also known as Ganjūrān, Ganjvarān, Ganjvarān-e Soflá, and Kanjūrān) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District, Qolqol Rud District, Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kanjvaran-e Sofla	Iran
country	Gatineau Park (French: Parc de la Gatineau) is located in the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada.	Gatineau Park	Canada
country	The Artus Court, formerly also Junkerhof, (Polish: Dwór Artusa, German: Artushof) is a building in the centre of Gdańsk, Poland (German: Danzig), at Długi Targ 44, which used to be the meeting place of merchants and a centre of social life.	Artus Court	Poland
country	Mowbray House School was an independent, day and boarding school for boys, located in Chatswood, on the North Shore of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Mowbray House School	Australia
country	The Railway Institute (Polish: Instytut Kolejnictwa) is a research institute located in Warsaw, Poland.	Railway Institute	Poland
country	The Rideau Club is a noted social club in Ottawa, Canada.	Rideau Club	Canada
country	Osmače (Serbian: Осмаче) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Osmače	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Manafaru is one of the islands of Haa Alif Atoll, Republic of Maldives.	Manafaru	Maldives
country	It is singular that no subsequent trace is found of Scidrus; its name is never again mentioned in history, nor alluded to by the geographers, with the exception of Stephanus of Byzantium (s. v.), who calls it merely a city of Italy.	Scidrus	Italy
country	Nansen Sound is an uninhabited strait in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada.	Nansen Sound	Canada
country	Conguillío National Park is located in the Andes, in the provinces of Cautín and Malleco, in the Araucanía Region of Chile also known as Region IX. Its name derives from the Mapuche word for ``water with Araucaria seeds''.	Conguillío National Park	Chile
country	The European Summer School at Telecom SudParis offers students having completed at least two years of undergraduate studies an opportunity to study different aspects of either management, information technology or inter-cultural awareness in France.	Telecom SudParis	France
country	Haftsaran (Persian: هفت ساران‎, also Romanized as Haftsārān; also known as Haftsār) is a village in Beradust Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Haftsaran	Iran
country	Witowy (viˈtɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Witowy	Poland
country	Mərdəkan (Mardakan) is a settlement and municipality in Khazar raion of Baku, Azerbaijan with a population of 15,603.	Mərdəkan	Azerbaijan
country	Laligam is a Panchayat union in the Dharmapuri district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Laligam	India
country	Zapadny Kildin (Russian: Западный Кильдин) is the rural locality (a Posyolok) in Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Zapadny Kildin	Russia
country	Murd-e Susani (Persian: موردسوسني‎, also Romanized as Mūrd-e Sūsanī; also known as Mowrsūsanī) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Murd-e Susani	Iran
country	The Markham Waxers were an Ontario Junior Hockey League (OJHL) Junior ``A'' ice hockey team based in Markham, Ontario, Canada.	Markham Waxers	Canada
country	Tol-e Pir (Persian: تل پير‎, also Romanized as Tol-e Pīr) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tol-e Pir	Iran
country	Bjärtrå is a parish of the province of Ångermanland in Sweden.	Bjärtrå	Sweden
country	Hjorthagens IP is a sports ground in Stockholm, Sweden.	Hjorthagens IP	Sweden
country	Bañuela or La Bañuela, also known as La Mójina, is the highest peak of the Sierra Morena, Spain.	Bañuela	Spain
country	The Edava Palakkavu Bhagavathi temple (ഇടവാ പാലക്കാവ് ഭഗവതി ക്ഷേത്രം) is one of the ancient temples in south India.	Palakkavu Bhagavathi temple	India
country	Ocean Reef Senior High School is a co-educational state high school located in Ocean Reef, 27 kilometres (17 mi) north of Perth, Western Australia.	Ocean Reef Senior High School	Australia
country	Kolossi (Greek: Κολόσσι (locally (koˈlosːi)); Turkish: Yunus or Goloş) is a village on the outskirts of Limassol, Cyprus.	Kolossi	Cyprus
country	Falcon Island is one of the islands in the Great Palm Island group, off the eastern coast of Queensland, Australia.	Falcon Island	Australia
country	Sharya (Russian: Шарья́) is a town in Kostroma Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Vetluga River 330 kilometers (210 mi) northeast of Kostroma, the administrative center of the oblast.	Sharya	Russia
country	Voni (Greek: Βώνη, Turkish: Gökhan) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located just southweast of Kythrea.	Voni	Cyprus
country	São Carlos (Saint Charles, in English, Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐ̃w̃ ˈkaʁlus); named after Saint Charles Borromeo) is a city of 221,950 inhabitants (IBGE/2010) in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.	São Carlos	Brazil
country	Mahi Lan (Persian: ماهي لان‎‎, also Romanized as Māhī Lān) is a village in Mamulan Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mahi Lan	Iran
country	Don-Aryk (or Den-Aryk) is a village in the Chuy District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Don-Aryk	Kyrgyzstan
country	Nusrathul Islam Madrasa is a Madrasa (an Islamic religious school) situated in Pullancheri, Manjeri, Kerala, India.	Nusrathul Islam Madrasa	India
country	Hruševlje (pronounced (ˈxɾuːʃɛu̯ljɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia, right on the border with Italy.	Hruševlje	Slovenia
country	Mazowe District is the southernmost of seven districts of the Province Mashonaland Central in Zimbabwe.	Mazowe District	Zimbabwe
country	Edificio do Jornal A Noite is a highrise office building in the Centro neighbourhood of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Edificio do Jornal A Noite	Brazil
country	Rubtsovsk (Russian: Рубцо́вск) is a city in Altai Krai, Russia, located on the Aley River (Ob's tributary) 281 kilometers (175 mi) southwest of Barnaul.	Rubtsovsk	Russia
country	The people of Tsepelovo used to emigrate within Greece to Macedonia, Thrace and to areas of southern Greece.	Tsepelovo	Greece
country	Fusina hydrogen power station is a hydrogen-fueled power station located in Fusina, near Venice in the Veneto region of Italy.	Fusina hydrogen power station	Italy
country	Hoseynabad-e Sargar (Persian: حسين ابادسرگر‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sargar) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Sargar	Iran
country	Murd-e Seyyed Gambuli (Persian: موردسيدگمبولي‎, also Romanized as Mūrd-e Seyyed Gambūlī; also known as Mūrd-e Seyyed) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Murd-e Seyyed Gambuli	Iran
country	Shahni Kotli (Urdu: شہانی کوٹلی‎) is a village in the district of Gujrat, Pakistan.	Shahni Kotli	Pakistan
country	Falerna (Greek: Phalerne) is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Falerna	Italy
country	Blarney Castle (Irish: Caisleán na Blarnan) is a medieval stronghold in Blarney, near Cork, Ireland, and the River Martin.	Blarney Castle	Ireland
country	Albany Post Office is a heritage site of the former post office in Albany, Western Australia.	Albany Post Office	Australia
country	San Miguel del Bala is a little village in Bolivia.	San Miguel del Bala	Bolivia
country	Capoliveri is a comune (municipality) on the island of Elba in Italy.	Capoliveri	Italy
country	The Furggen (3,492 m) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, located on the border between Italy (Aosta Valley) and Switzerland (Valais).	Furggen	Italy	Switzerland
country	Urtlu (Persian: اورتلو‎, also Romanized as Ūrtlū; also known as Salmānābād, Qāsemābād, and Qāsem ``Alī) is a village in Savalan Rural District, in the Central District of Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 233, in 36 families.	Urtlu	Iran
country	Mount Hudson (locally known as Volcán Hudson) is a stratovolcano in southern Chile, and the site of one of the largest eruptions in the twentieth century.	Mount Hudson	Chile
country	Pulau Ubin, also called Ubin Island, is a small island (10.19 km2) situated in the north east of Singapore, to the west of Pulau Tekong.	Pulau Ubin	Singapore
country	Arzal (Arzhal in Breton) is a commune in the Morbihan department in the Brittany region in northwestern France.	Arzal	France
country	SS Tararua was a passenger steamer that struck the reef off Waipapa Point in the Catlins on 29 April 1881, and sank the next day, in the worst civilian shipping disaster in New Zealand's history.	SS Tararua	New Zealand
country	Quatsino is a small hamlet of 91 people located on Quatsino Sound in Northern Vancouver Island, Canada only accessible by boat or float plane.	Quatsino	Canada
country	Kolonia Rzejowice (kɔˈlɔɲa ʐɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Rzejowice	Poland
country	Maja e Veleçikut is a peak in Albania, part of the Prokletije.	Maja e Veleçikut	Albania
country	Nova Crvenka (Serbian Cyrillic: Нова Црвенка) is a village in Serbia.	Nova Crvenka	Serbia
country	Parco Lago Alloca is a community located in Campania, a region of Italy.	Parco Lago Alloca	Italy
country	Colonia Santa María la Ribera is a colonia located in the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City, just west of the historic center.	Colonia Santa María la Ribera	Mexico
country	Pullen Island Conservation Park is a protected area includes all of Pullen Island about 0.5 kilometres (0.31 mi) south of Port Elliot in South Australia and about 94 kilometres (58 mi) south of Adelaide.	Pullen Island Conservation Park	Australia
country	The Little Belt Bridge (Gamle Lillebæltsbro), also known as The Old Little Belt Bridge, is a truss bridge over the Little Belt strait in Denmark.	Little Belt Bridge	Denmark
country	The Industry and Railway Park Fond-de-Gras is a museum in south west Luxembourg near to the towns of Pétange and Rodange.	Industry and Railway Park Fond-de-Gras	Luxembourg
country	Qaraçaylı (also, Karachayly) is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qaraçaylı	Azerbaijan
country	Mâcon (French pronunciation: ​(ma.kɔ̃)), historically anglicized as Mascon, is a small city in east-central France.	Mâcon	France
country	Haus der Geschichte (officially Haus der Geschichte der Bundesrepublik Deutschland, i. e. ``House of the History of the Federal Republic of Germany'') is a museum of contemporary history in Bonn, Germany.	Haus der Geschichte	Germany
country	Baumholder Army Airfield is a small military airfield in support of the United States Army facilities in Baumholder, Germany.	Baumholder Army Airfield	Germany
country	Dunross Preparatory School is a private primary school located in Westmoorings, Trinidad and Tobago.	Dunross Preparatory School	Trinidad and Tobago
country	The Fort de Seclin, also known as Fort Duhoux, is located near the commune of Seclin, France, about 9.5 kilometres (5.9 mi) south of Lille.	Fort de Seclin	France
country	Tazeh Kand-e Khan Kandi (Persian: تازه كندخانكندي‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Khān Kandī) is a village in Gavdul-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Khan Kandi	Iran
country	The Sierra San Antonio are a continuation of the Patagonia Mountains southwards into Mexico, a mountain range of about 10 miles that tapers down to lower elevations.	Patagonia Mountains	Mexico
country	Taitung Station (Chinese: 台東車站; pinyin: Táidōng Chēzhàn) is a railway station of Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA).	Taitung Station	Taiwan
country	Kabi Nazrul Government College (also referred to as KNGC) (Bengali: কবি নজরুল সরকারী কলেজ), formerly known as Govt. Kabi Nazrul College is one of the most renowned and oldest educational institutions of Bangladesh.	Kabi Nazrul Government College	Bangladesh
country	Dakhrajin (Persian: داخرجين‎, also Romanized as Dākhrajīn and Dakharjīn) is a village in Abgarm Rural District, Abgarm District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Dakhrajin	Iran
country	Tonowas, also known by its Spanish name of Dublon, is an island in the Chuuk (formerly Truk) lagoon, Federated States of Micronesia.	Tonowas	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Lake Kizi (Russian: Кизи or Большое Кизи) is a large freshwater lake in Khabarovsk Krai, Russia.	Lake Kizi	Russia
country	Boreci (pronounced (bɔˈɾeːtsi)) is a village in the Municipality of Križevci in northeastern Slovenia.	Boreci	Slovenia
country	Gundel is a well-known restaurant located in the Budapest City Park, Hungary.	Gundel	Hungary
country	Metropolitan Cebu, or simply Metro Cebu, (Cebuano: Kaulohang Sugbo, Filipino: Kalakhang Cebu), is the main urban center of the province of Cebu in the Philippines.	Metro Cebu	Philippines
country	The Shwezigon Pagoda Bell (Burmese: ရွှေစည်းခုံဘုရား ခေါင်းလောင်း) is a temple bell located at the Shwezigon Pagoda in Bagan, Myanmar.	Shwezigon Pagoda Bell	Myanmar
country	Museum for Daegu National University of Education is a museum that is located in Nam-gu, Daegu, South Korea.	Museum for Daegu National University of Education	South Korea
country	Malabar region is an area of southern India lying between the Western Ghats and the Arabian Sea.	Malabar region	India
country	Al Gal is a beach area located on the west coast of Israel near the city of Bat Yam.	Al Gal	Israel
country	FCM Baia Mare (previously known as FC Baia Mare) is a Romanian football club, based in Baia Mare, Maramureș County, northern Romania, founded in 1948.	FCM Baia Mare	Romania
country	Shobeliyeh (Persian: شبليه‎, also Romanized as Shobelīyeh; also known as Shobeylīyeh and Shobeylīyeh-ye Do) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shobeliyeh	Iran
country	Nödinge Church (Swedish: Nödinge kyrka) is a church in Nödinge-Nol in Västergötland, Sweden, about 2 miles (3.2 km) north of Gothenburg.	Nödinge Church	Sweden
country	The Aiguille des Glaciers (Italian: Aiguille des Glaciers) (3,816 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif of the Alps, falling within Savoie and Haute-Savoie, France and the Aosta Valley, Italy.	Aiguille des Glaciers	Italy
country	Beware Passage is a strait or channel in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, between Harbledown (SE) and Turnour Islands.	Beware Passage	Canada
country	Nouhoulme is a village in the Bassar prefecture in the Kara Region of north-western Togo.	Nouhoulme	Togo
country	Demänovská Cave of Liberty (Slovak: Demänovská jaskyňa Slobody) is a karst cave in Low Tatras in Slovakia.	Demänovská Cave of Liberty	Slovakia
country	Mowtowr-e Heybet Naruyi (Persian: موتورهيبت نارويي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Heybet Nārūyī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Heybet Naruyi	Iran
country	Kallindoia (Greek: Καλλίνδοια) is a former municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Greece.	Kallindoia	Greece
country	Chott Ech Chergui (Arabic: شط الشرقي‎) is a large endorheic salt lake in Saïda Province, northwestern Algeria.	Chott Ech Chergui	Algeria
country	Ashnestan (Persian: اشنستان‎, also Romanized as Āshnestān and Ashnistān) is a village in Eqbal-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Ashnestan	Iran
country	Shirvan Rural District (Persian: دهستان شيروان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Shirvan Rural District	Iran
country	Camp Gannon is a United States Marine Corps military base in Iraq.	Camp Gannon	Iraq
country	Bulembu is a small town located in northwestern Hhohho, Swaziland, 10 km west of the town of Piggs Peak.	Bulembu	Swaziland
country	The Nuremberg Transport Museum (Verkehrsmuseum Nürnberg) is based in Nuremberg, Germany, and consists of the Deutsche Bahn's own DB Museum and the Museum of Communications (Museum für Kommunikation).	Nuremberg Transport Museum	Germany
country	Heckman Pass is a mountain pass in the Rainbow Range of west-central British Columbia, Canada, located west of Anahim Lake on the divide between the Chilcotin Plateau and the Bella Coola Valley.	Heckman Pass	Canada
country	Gasklockan is a skyscraper approved and currently under development, located in Norra Djurgårdsstaden district of Stockholm, Sweden.	Gasklockan	Sweden
country	Khomasdal Stadium is a stadium in Katutura, a township of Windhoek, Namibia.	Khomasdal Stadium	Namibia
country	Sedudu Island (known as Kasikili Island in Namibia) is a fluvial island in Botswana, formed in the Chobe River adjacent to the border with Namibia which runs down the thalweg of the river immediately north of the island.	Sedudu	Botswana
country	Fusagasugá (Spanish pronunciation: (fusaɣasuˈɣa)) or Fusa is a town and municipality in the department of Cundinamarca, in central Colombia.	Fusagasugá	Colombia
country	Kristianstad (Swedish pronunciation: (kriˈɧanːsta), older spelling Christianstad) is a city and the seat of Kristianstad Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 35,711 inhabitants in 2010.	Kristianstad	Sweden
country	Chidan (Persian: چيدن‎, also Romanized as Chīdan and Chīden) is a village in Mongasht Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chidan	Iran
country	Layman E. Scott Sr. High School (formerly known as Cayman Brac Secondary Modern School and Cayman Brac High School) is a secondary school located in Cayman Brac, Cayman Islands.	Layman E. Scott Sr. High School	Cayman Islands
country	Mārciena parish (Latvian: Mārcienas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Madona Municipality, Latvia.	Mārciena parish	Latvia
country	Termez Airport (IATA: TMJ, ICAO: UTST) is an airport serving Termez, a city in southern Uzbekistan.	Termez Airport	Uzbekistan
country	Gradeljina (Cyrillic: Градељина) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gradeljina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Southern Scenic Route is a tourist highway in New Zealand linking Queenstown, Fiordland, Te Anau and the iconic Milford Road to Dunedin via, Riverton, Invercargill and The Catlins.	Southern Scenic Route	New Zealand
country	Q'inququcha (Quechua q'inqu zig-zag qucha lake, ``zig-zag lake'', hispanicized spelling Quengococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cajamarca Region, Cajabamba Province, Cajabamba District, in the east of the Cajabamba District.	Q'inququcha	Peru
country	Spreuerhofstraße is the world's narrowest street, found in the city of Reutlingen, Germany.	Spreuerhofstraße	Germany
country	Dzhendema or Djendema, meaning ``hell'', applies to the South slope of Mount Botev, 2376 m above sea level, the highest peak in the Balkan mountain range in Bulgaria 42°41′41``N 24°54′41''E. It is also called the Southern Dzhendem.	Dzhendema	Bulgaria
country	Bringamosa is a settlement on the island of Aruba, located towards the center of the island.	Bringamosa	Aruba
country	The Ram Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located in David Thompson Country, Canada.	Ram Range	Canada
country	Nørre Nissum is a village situated in western Jutland, Denmark with a population of 1,022 (1 January 2014).	Nørre Nissum	Denmark
country	Tabadakan (Persian: تبادكان‎, also Romanized as Tabādakān and Tabādkān; also known as Nabādkān and Tabādqān) is a village in Kenevist Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tabadakan	Iran
country	Poshteh-ye Mazaj (Persian: پشته مازج‎, also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Māzaj) is a village in Hur Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Poshteh-ye Mazaj	Iran
country	Talar Posht-e Sofla (Persian: تالارپشت سفلي‎, also Romanized as Tālār Posht-e Soflá;; also known as Pā’īn Tālār Posht) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Talar Posht-e Sofla	Iran
country	Melejdy (mɛˈlɛi̯dɨ) (German: Mehleden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Melejdy	Poland
country	Tątławki (tɔnˈtwafki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tątławki	Poland
country	The National Museum and Research Center of Altamira (Spanish: Museo Nacional y Centro de Investigación de Altamira) is a center dedicated to the conservation of, research into and the sharing of information about the cave of Altamira in Santillana del Mar (Cantabria, Spain), named a World Heritage Site by Unesco.	National Museum and Research Center of Altamira	Spain
country	The Höllentalspitzen are three peaks in the Wetterstein Mountains near Garmisch-Partenkirchen in southern Germany.	Höllentalspitzen	Germany
country	Slavec is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle-eastern Slovakia.	Slavec	Slovakia
country	The Fremantle Society is a community-based culture and heritage advocacy group in Fremantle, Western Australia.	The Fremantle Society	Australia
country	The Mary Cairncross Reserve is a conservation park located on the Blackall Range east of Maleny, Australia.	Mary Cairncross Reserve	Australia
country	Ziąbki (ˈʑɔmpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ziąbki	Poland
country	Petrusville is a town in the eastern Karoo region of South Africa, located in the Northern Cape province.	Petrusville	South Africa
country	Caroma was established in 1941 and has factories in Wetherill Park, New South Wales, and Norwood, South Australia.	Caroma	Australia
country	The village of Ijegun is a northern suburban community of the Lagos State (one of the Awori District settlements), Nigeria.	Ijegun	Nigeria
country	Deh-e Balut (Persian: ده بلوط‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Balūt) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deh-e Balut	Iran
country	Taras Hill or Chernecha Hora (Ukrainian: Чернеча гора; literally, Monk's Hill) is a hill on the bank of the Dnieper near Kaniv in Ukraine and an important landmark of the Shevchenko National Preserve where the remains of the famous Ukrainian poet and artist Taras Shevchenko have been buried since 1861.	Taras Hill	Ukraine
country	Colegio San Antonio del Baluarte (English: San Antonio del Baluarte School) is a Chilean elementary school located in Rengo, Cachapoal Province, Chile.	Colegio San Antonio del Baluarte	Chile
country	Botnhamn is a small place in Northern Norway, located more than 300 kilometres (190 mi) north of the Arctic Circle on the northern part of the large island of Senja.	Botnhamn	Norway
country	Abarkuh (Persian: ابركوه‎, also Romanized as Abarkūh and Abar Kūh; also known as Abarghoo, Abarkū, Abar Qū, and Abarqūh) is a city in and capital of Abarkuh County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Abarkuh	Iran
country	The Pembina Escarpment (known in Canada as the Manitoba Escarpment) is a scarp that marks the boundary of glacial Lake Agassiz.	Pembina Escarpment	Canada
country	The Stein Glacier (German: Steingletscher) is a 4 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Urner Alps in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.	Stein Glacier	Switzerland
country	The Shire of Upper Gascoyne is a local government area in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia, inland from Carnarvon and about 1,000 kilometres (621 mi) north of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Upper Gascoyne	Australia
country	St. Augustine Girls' High School is one of five Presbyterian secondary schools in Trinidad and Tobago.	St. Augustine Girls' High School	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Nargur (Persian: نرگور‎, also Romanized as Nargūr and Nargoor; also known as Nar Gū) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Nargur	Iran
country	Tianeti is a town in east-central Georgia, in the Caucasus Mountains.	Tianeti	Georgia
country	The Black Vir Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Zi i Virit; Serbian: Црн Вир, Crn Vir) is a very small mountain lake found in Kosovo.	Black Vir Lake	Kosovo
country	Laidlaw College, formerly known as Bible College of New Zealand (BCNZ), Laidlaw College is the largest interdenominational Christian College in Aotearoa New Zealand, offering qualifications from certificate to doctoral level, in the areas of theology and biblical studies, mission, ministry, counselling and teacher education.	Laidlaw College	New Zealand
country	Idiazabal is a town and municipality in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.	Idiazabal	Spain
country	Marzığı (also, Marzygi and Marzygy) is a village in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Marzığı	Azerbaijan
country	Keurusselkä is a lake in Central Finland between the towns of Keuruu to the north and Mänttä to the south.	Keurusselkä	Finland
country	Naguru General Hospital, also known as China-Uganda Friendship Hospital Naguru, is a hospital in Uganda.	Naguru General Hospital	Uganda
country	The Gatineau Hills (French: Collines de la Gatineau) are a geological formation in Canada that makes up part of the southern tip of the Canadian Shield, and acts as the northern shoulder of the Ottawa Valley.	Gatineau Hills	Canada
country	Shaqari Island (Albanian: Ishulli i Shaqarisë) is a small islet found in northern Albania in Lake Scutari.	Shaqari Island	Albania
country	Mladá Boleslav (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmladaː ˈbolɛslaf); German: Jungbunzlau) is a city in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic, on the left bank of the Jizera river about 50 kilometres (31 miles) northeast of Prague.	Mladá Boleslav	Czech Republic
country	Herschel Girls' School is a private, boarding and day school for girls, located in Claremont, a southern suburb of Cape Town, Western Cape, South Africa.	Herschel Girls' School	South Africa
country	The Taillefer Rocks, part of the Schouten Island Group, are three small, rugged, granite islands, with a combined area of approximately 15 hectares (37 acres) lying close to the eastern coast of Tasmania, Australia, near the Freycinet Peninsula and lies within the Freycinet National Park.	Taillefer Rocks	Australia
country	Lahej (Arabic: لحج‎ Laḥij), the Sultanate of Lahej (Arabic: سلطنة لحج‎ Salṭanat Laḥij), or, sometimes, the Abdali Sultanate (Arabic: سلطنة العبدلي‎ Salṭanat al-``Abdalī), was a Sheikdom based in Lahej in Southern Yemen. The Sheikdom was officially abolished in 1967.	Sultanate of Lahej	Yemen
country	The Broadford Courier was a weekly newspaper published in the town of Broadford, Victoria, Australia between 1891 and 1978.	Broadford Courier	Australia
country	The Trageburg is a ruined castle immediately next to the Rappbode Pre-Dam in the Harz Mountains of Germany.	Trageburg	Germany
country	Pławidło (pwaˈvʲidwɔ) (German: Tirpitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.	Pławidło	Poland
country	Monte Alfeo is a mountain in the Ligurian Apennine, located in the territory of the commune of Ottone, province of Piacenza, central Italy, in the left bank of the Val Trebbia.	Monte Alfeo	Italy
country	Lida District (Belarusian: Лідскі раён, Лідзкі раён) - a district (rajon) in Grodno Region of Belarus.	Lida District	Belarus
country	Shota Rustaveli Tbilisi International Airport (Georgian: თბილისის შოთა რუსთაველის სახელობის საერთაშორისო აეროპორტი) (IATA: TBS, ICAO: UGTB) formerly Novo Alexeyevka International Airport, is the main international airport in Georgia, located 17 km (11 mi) southeast of the capital Tbilisi.	Tbilisi International Airport	Georgia
country	Scapa Flow (/ˈskɑːpə/ or /ˈskæpə/; from Old Norse Skalpaflói, meaning ``bay of the long isthmus'') is a body of water in the Orkney Islands, Scotland, United Kingdom, sheltered by the islands of Mainland, Graemsay, Burray, South Ronaldsay and Hoy.	Scapa Flow	United Kingdom
country	Benahadux (Spanish: (bena(a)ˈðu(k)s), locally: (benaˈðʊʰ)) is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	Benahadux	Spain
country	The Port Imperial Street Circuit is a planned 3.2-mile (5.2 km) motor racing circuit in Weehawken and West New York, New Jersey, in the United States of America to be constructed on the Hudson Waterfront around Weehawken Port Imperial.	Port Imperial Street Circuit	United States of America
country	The 2008 Vattenfall Cyclassics road cycling race took place on September 7, 2008 in Hamburg, Germany and saw an all-Australian podium with Robbie McEwen of Silence-Lotto beating Mark Renshaw of Crédit Agricole and Allan Davis of Quick Step.	2008 Vattenfall Cyclassics	Germany
country	Spišské Podhradie (German: Kirchdrauf; Hungarian: Szepesváralja) is a town in Spiš in the Prešov Region of Slovakia.	Spišské Podhradie	Slovakia
country	Angat River or A ŋgat River, (also called Bulacan River) is a river in the Philippines located in the Province of Bulacan.	Angat River	Philippines
country	Kasetsart University (; ) is a public university in Thailand.	Kasetsart University	Thailand
country	The Budapest Turkish Memorial Cemetery (Turkish: Budapeşte Türk Şehitliği) is a burial ground of Ottoman soldiers in Hungary.	Budapest Turkish Memorial Cemetery	Hungary
country	Ingolstadt Manching Airport, or Fliegerhorst Ingolstadt/Manching in German (IATA: IGS, ICAO: ETSI), is a military airbase with civil usage located in Manching near Ingolstadt, Germany.	Ingolstadt Manching Airport	Germany
country	Firebase Berchtesgaden (also known as Firebase Eagle's Nest or Hill 1030) was a U.S. Army firebase located west of Huế overlooking the A Shau Valley in central Vietnam.	Firebase Berchtesgaden	Vietnam
country	German submarine U-592 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She carried out ten patrols, was a member of 16 wolfpacks and sank one ship of 3,770 gross register tons (GRT).	German submarine U-592	Nazi Germany
country	Vecumnieki is a village and the seat of Vecumnieki municipality, Latvia, located approximately 50km from Riga, with a population of 2487 (2007).	Vecumnieki	Latvia
country	Wadi Shi Dam is a dam near the village of Wadi Shi in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates.	Wadi Shi Dam	United Arab Emirates
country	Santhal Pargana division (Hindi: संथाल परगना प्रमण्डल) constitutes one of the five administrative units known as the divisions of Jharkhand state in eastern India.	Santhal Pargana division	India
country	Kudzar (Persian: كودزر‎, also Romanized as Kūdzar; also known as Koodraz, Kūdraz, and Kūzāl) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Kudzar	Iran
country	The Cereda Pass (Italian: Passo Cereda) (1361 m) is a high mountain pass in the southern Dolomites between the provinces of Trentino and Belluno in Italy.	Cereda Pass	Italy
country	Kudamuck is a village situated in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala India.	Kudamuck	India
country	Revin (French pronunciation: ​(ʁǝvɛ̃)) is a commune in the Ardennes department in the Champagne-Ardenne region in northern France.	Revin	France
country	Dubai Knowledge Village is a human resources management, professional learning and educational free trade zone campus in the city of Dubai established in 2003, United Arab Emirates, that provides facilities for corporate training and learning institutions to operate with 100% foreign ownership.	Dubai Knowledge Village	United Arab Emirates
country	Ravne na Koroškem (pronounced (ˈɾaːu̯nɛ na kɔˈɾoːʃkɛm); until 1952: Guštanj, German: Gutenstein in Kärnten) is a town in northern Slovenia.	Ravne na Koroškem	Slovenia
country	Castillo de Iznájar is a castle located in Iznájar, Province of Córdoba in Andalucia, southern Spain.	Castillo de Iznájar	Spain
country	Cooling tower blowdown water is either discharged directly to Tarong Energy's Meandu Creek Dam or supplied to the nearby Tarong Mine owned by Rio Tinto Coal Australia.	Meandu Creek Dam	Australia
country	Pensil Neighborhood is located in the Miguel Hidalgo borough of Mexico City.	Pensil Neighborhood	Mexico
country	Paltan is a Thana (precinct) of Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh.	Paltan	Bangladesh
country	Pankan (Persian: پنكان‎, also Romanized as Pankān) is a village in Halil Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pankan	Iran
country	Sobrália is a municipality in Brazil in the state of Minas Gerais.	Sobrália	Brazil
country	The Pingat Jasa Gemilang (Tentera) (Meritorious Service Medal (Military)), is awarded to members of the Singapore Armed Forces for exceptionally distinguished performance or extraordinary service, or the furtherance of links with overseas forces.	Pingat Jasa Gemilang (Tentera)	Singapore
country	Stedje Church (Norwegian: Stedje kyrkje) is the main parish church in Sogndal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Stedje Church	Norway
country	Clonlea, or Clonleigh (Irish: Cluain Lao) is a civil parish in County Clare, Ireland.	Clonlea	Ireland
country	Takht-e Meshkun (Persian: تخت مشكون‎, also Romanized as Takht-e Meshkūn) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Takht-e Meshkun	Iran
country	Qaleh Moni (Persian: قلعه منيع‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Monī) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Qaleh Moni	Iran
country	Roxas Airport (Filipino: Paliparan ng Roxas, Hiligaynon: Hulugpaan sang Roxas) (IATA: RXS, ICAO: RPVR) is an airport serving the general area of Roxas City, the capital of the province of Capiz, in the Philippines.	Roxas Airport	Philippines
country	Calacalí is a rural parish of Quito Canton, Pichincha Province, Ecuador.	Calacalí	Ecuador
country	The Ricken Pass is a mountain pass in the canton of St. Gallen in eastern Switzerland.	Ricken Pass	Switzerland
country	Jamnagar Airport or the Govardhanpur Airport Jamnagar (IATA: JGA, ICAO: VAJM) is an airport in Jamnagar, Gujarat, India.	Jamnagar Airport	India
country	The Puchong Perdana Mosque is a mosque in Puchong Perdana township in Puchong, Selangor, Malaysia near Puchong Lake.	Puchong Perdana Mosque	Malaysia
country	Lipelaneng is a community council located in the Butha-Buthe and Leribe Districts of Lesotho.	Lipelaneng	Lesotho
country	Dillberry Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in Alberta, Canada, located 43 km (27 mi) north from Provost and 17 km (11 mi) south of Chauvin along Highway 17.	Dillberry Lake Provincial Park	Canada
country	Mazraeh-ye Jareh (Persian: مزرعه جره‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Jareh) is a village in Pol Beh Bala Rural District, Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Jareh	Iran
country	The University of L'Aquila (Italian: Università degli Studi dell'Aquila) is a public research university located in L'Aquila, central Italy.	University of L'Aquila	Italy
country	Nadgorica (pronounced (ˈnaːdɡɔɾitsa); German: Nadgoritz) is a formerly independent settlement in the northern part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Nadgorica	Slovenia
country	Khan Abbasi (Persian: خان عباسي‎, also Romanized as Khān ``Abbāsī) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Sofla Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 291, in 72 families.	Khan Abbasi	Iran
country	The Blue Nile (Amharic: ዓባይ?; transliterated: ʿAbbay but pronounced Abbai, Arabic: النيل الأزرق‎ an-Nīl al-Azraq) is a river originating at Lake Tana in Ethiopia.	Blue Nile	Ethiopia
country	Henry Kendall High School is a comprehensive high school in Gosford, New South Wales, Australia.	Henry Kendall High School	Australia
country	The Bretti Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve located near the Barrington Tops in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia.	Bretti Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Newtownards Airport (ICAO: EGAD) is a local airfield in Newtownards, County Down, Northern Ireland (United Kingdom).	Newtownards Airport	United Kingdom
country	Gurukhola is a village development committee (VDC) in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal.	Gurukhola	Nepal
country	Kobierzyce (kɔbjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ) (German: Koberwitz) is a village in Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kobierzyce	Poland
country	Maribor Cathedral (Slovene: mariborska stolnica), dedicated to Saint John the Baptist, is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Maribor, northeastern Slovenia.	Maribor Cathedral	Slovenia
country	Klizin-Kopaliny (ˈkliʑin kɔpaˈlinɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Klizin-Kopaliny	Poland
country	Göta Lejon is a theatre located at 55 Götgatan in Södermalm, Stockholm, Sweden.	Göta Lejon	Sweden
country	Svinov (German: Schönbrunn) is an administrative district of the city of Ostrava, Moravian-Silesian Region in the Czech Republic.	Svinov	Czech Republic
country	Biskupice Podgórne (biskuˈpit͡sɛ pɔdˈɡurnɛ) (German: Bischwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobierzyce, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Biskupice Podgórne	Poland
country	Siguiri is a city in northeastern Guinea on the River Niger.	Siguiri	Guinea
country	The Tour de Sauvabelin (literally ``Tower of Sauvabelin'') is a wooden tower located in the Sauvabelin forest, Lausanne, Switzerland.	Tour de Sauvabelin	Switzerland
country	Katunje is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal.	Katunje	Nepal
country	Cacimba de Dentro is a municipality in the state of Paraíba in northeastern Brazil.	Cacimba de Dentro	Brazil
country	Palazzo Budini Gattai is a palace in Piazza della Santissima Annunziata, Florence, Italy.	Palazzo Budini Gattai	Italy
country	Bahzani (Arabic: بحزاني‎, Syriac: ܒܝܬ ܚܙܢܐ‎), literally from the Syriac words meaning ``House of treasure,'' is an Assyrian town located in the Al-Hamdaniya District of the Ninawa Governorate in northern Iraq.	Bahzani	Iraq
country	Paykabud (Persian: پاي كبود‎‎, also Romanized as Pāykabūd and Pākabūd) is a village in Keshvar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Paykabud	Iran
country	The St. Thomas Times-Journal is the city newspaper of St. Thomas, Ontario, Canada, and is owned by Postmedia.	St. Thomas Times-Journal	Canada
country	Saint-Roch-des-Aulnaies is a parish municipality in Quebec, Canada.	Saint-Roch-des-Aulnaies	Canada
country	Manfuha (Arabic: منفوحة‎) was an ancient village in the Nejd region of central Saudi Arabia.	Manfuha	Saudi Arabia
country	Jaganmohan Palace is a palace in Mysore, in the princely city of Mysore, India.	Jaganmohan Palace	India
country	Eleja is a village in Latvia, center of the Eleja parish in Jelgava municipality.	Eleja	Latvia
country	The 2014 Superettan, part of the 2014 Swedish football season, was the 14th season of Superettan, Sweden's second-tier football league in its current format.	2014 Superettan	Sweden
country	Umm Qais or Qays (Arabic: أم قيس‎, lit. ``Mother of Qais'') is a town in northern Jordan principally known for its proximity to the ruins of the ancient Gadara.	Umm Qais	Jordan
country	Isoko South is a Local Government Area (LGA) in the Isoko region of Delta State, Nigeria.	Isoko South	Nigeria
country	Hénanbihen (Breton: Henant-Bihan, Gallo: Henaunt-Bihaen) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Hénanbihen	France
country	XHOF-FM, also known as Reactor 105.7, is a radio station in Mexico City that plays alternative rock music, and hip hop mainly in English and Spanish.	XHOF-FM	Mexico
country	Emäsalo (Swedish Emsalö) is an island and a village in the city of Porvoo in Southern Finland.	Emäsalo	Finland
country	Mrđanovci (Serbian Cyrillic: Мрђановци) is a village in the municipality of Kupres, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mrđanovci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Harrismith, named after Sir Harry Smith who was a British governor of the Cape Colony, is a large town in the Free State province of South Africa.	Harrismith	South Africa
country	Atfih (Egyptian Arabic: أطفيح Aṭfīḥ pronounced (ʔɑtˤˈfiːħ), Coptic: Ⲧⲡⲏϩ (Tpeh)) is a town in Middle Egypt.	Atfih	Egypt
country	Deeghuparwar is a village in Deegh mandal in Sant Ravidas Nagar District in Uttar Pradesh State in India.	Deeghuparwar	India
country	Buda-Kashalyova (Belarusian: Буда-Кашалёва) is a town in Gomel Region, Belarus.	Buda-Kashalyova	Belarus
country	Eibergen is a former municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands in an area called Achterhoek.	Eibergen	Netherlands
country	Stoneburn is a lightly populated rural locality in the Otago region of New Zealand's South Island.	Stoneburn	New Zealand
country	Mowtowr-e Morad Qalandar Zehi (Persian: بمپور مراد قلندرزهي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Morād Qalandar Zehī) is a village in Bazman Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Morad Qalandar Zehi	Iran
country	Pichak Mahalleh (Persian: پيچك محله‎, also Romanized as Pīchak Maḩalleh; also known as Vashmgīr and Voshmgīr) is a village in Katul Rural District, in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Pichak Mahalleh	Iran
country	Ekebergsletta is a field in the neighborhood of Ekeberg in the Nordstrand district, southeast of downtown Oslo, Norway.	Ekebergsletta	Norway
country	Dar es Salaam (from Arabic: دار السلام‎ Dār as-Salām, literally ``the residence of peace''; or simply Dar, formerly Mzizima) is the largest city of Tanzania and the largest city in eastern Africa by population, as well as a regionally important economic centre.	Dar es Salaam	Tanzania
country	Deir Sharqi (Arabic: دير شرقي‎, also spelled Dayr al-Sharqi) is a village administratively belonging to the Idlib Governorate in northwestern Syria.	Deir Sharqi	Syria
country	The Lovett Tower (formerly known as the MLC Building) is a 93-metre (305 feet) tall tower in Canberra, the capital city of Australia.	Lovett Tower	Australia
country	Knokke-Zoute Airfield is a former airfield, located 5 km east of Knokke-Heist in West Flanders, Belgium.	Knokke-Zoute Airfield	Belgium
country	World One is a supertall residential skyscraper under construction in Mumbai, India.	World One	India
country	Nina Kiru (Quechua nina fire, kiru tooth, ``fire tooth'', also spelled Nina Kiro, Ninaquero) is an archaeological site with stone tombs (chullpa) in Peru.	Nina Kiru	Peru
country	The Carabinieri (formally Arma dei Carabinieri, ``Arm of Carabineers'' or previously Corpo dei Carabinieri, ``Corps of Carabiniers''; Italian pronunciation: (karabiˈnjɛːri)) is the national military police of Italy, policing both military and civilian populations.	Carabinieri	Italy
country	Cyców (ˈt͡sɨt͡suf) is a village in Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Cyców	Poland
country	Mount Manning Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia north of Southern Cross in the area known as the Northern Yilgarn.	Mount Manning Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Poiana Vadului (German: Schwarzenthal; Hungarian: Feketevölgy) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Poiana Vadului	Romania
country	Pond Inlet Airport (IATA: YIO, ICAO: CYIO) is located at Pond Inlet, Nunavut, Canada, and is operated by the government of Nunavut.	Pond Inlet Airport	Canada
country	Homstean is a densely populated area in Vennesla municipality in Vest-Agder county, Norway along Norwegian National Road 9.	Homstean	Norway
country	Chelopech (Bulgarian: Челопеч) is a village in the western part of Bulgaria.	Chelopech	Bulgaria
country	Nordavia (Russian: Нордавиа), formerly known as Aeroflot-Nord (Аэрофлот-Норд), is an airline with its head office on the grounds of Talagi Airport in Arkhangelsk, Russia.	Nordavia	Russia
country	Baghaberd (Armenian: Բաղաբերդ; also David Bek's Castle) is a 4th to 12th century Armenian fortress located along a ridge overlooking the Voghji River, 14 kilometers northwest from the village of Kapan in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Baghaberd	Armenia
country	Entrialgo (Entralgo in Asturian) is one of the nine parishes in Laviana, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Entrialgo	Spain
country	The Monowai River is a river in New Zealand, draining Lake Monowai into the Waiau River and feeding the Monowai Power Station.	Monowai River	New Zealand
country	The Col de la République or Col de Grand Bois (1,161 m (3,809 ft)) is a mountain pass in the Pilat massif within the Pilat Regional Natural Park in the Loire department of the Rhône-Alpes region in southern France.	Col de la République	France
country	The Franconian International School (FIS) is an international school based in Erlangen serving the Nuremberg metropolitan area community in Germany.	Franconian International School	Germany
country	Bieleckie (bjɛˈlɛt͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bieleckie	Poland
country	Verchild's Peak is a prominent mountain on the island of Saint Kitts in Saint Kitts and Nevis.	Verchild's Peak	Saint Kitts and Nevis
country	Port Nolloth is a town and small domestic seaport in the Namaqualand region on the northwestern coast of South Africa, 144 kilometres (89 mi) northwest of Springbok.	Port Nolloth	South Africa
country	Donji Petrovići (Serbian Cyrillic: Доњи Петровићи) is a village in the municipality of Krupa na Uni, part of the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donji Petrovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Viva Yellow or the Newmarket/HWY 404 line, or the Davis Drive corridor line, is a Viva Rapid Transit line that serves Newmarket, Ontario, Canada, using a new ``rapidway''.	Viva Yellow	Canada
country	Madre de Dios Island (Spanish: Isla Madre de Dios, Spanish pronunciation: (ˈmaðɾe ðe ðjos)) is an island in the Magallanes Region, Chile.	Madre de Dios Island	Chile
country	The Turkish Air Force Academy (TuAFA) (Turkish: Hava Harp Okulu) is a four-year co-educational military academy located in the city of Istanbul, Turkey.	Turkish Air Force Academy	Turkey
country	With the launch of MTV Canada, a Canadian version of MTV Select aired on A‑Channel, MTV Canada, and Toronto One.	MTV Select	Canada
country	Wakan Q'allay (Quechua, waka cow, -n a suffix, q'allay to cut into small pieces, hispanicized spelling Huajancallay) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,100 m (16,732 ft) high.	Wakan Q'allay	Peru
country	Karkaraly National Park (Kazakh: Қарқаралы мемлекеттік ұлттық табиғи паркі; Russian: Каркаралинский государственный национальный природный парк) is a protected reserve and national park in the Karaganda Oblast (Karaganda Region) of Kazakhstan.	Karkaraly National Park	Kazakhstan
country	Rolador is a municipality of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Rolador	Brazil
country	San Lorenzo Marine Archipelago National Park is a national park of Mexico located on San Lorenzo Island part of an archipelago in the Gulf of California off the eastern coast of Baja California.	San Lorenzo Marine Archipelago National Park	Mexico
country	Zhengzhou University (simplified Chinese: 郑州大学; traditional Chinese: 鄭州大學; pinyin: Zhèngzhōu Dàxué), colloquially known in Chinese as Zhèngdà (郑大) is a public university located in Zhengzhou, Henan, People's Republic of China.	Zhengzhou University	People's Republic of China
country	Sünt-Hasardag Nature Reserve is a nature reserve (zapovednik) of Turkmenistan.	Sünt-Hasardag Nature Reserve	Turkmenistan
country	Kodumthara is a village just outside Pathanamthitta City Suburbs, located in Kerala state, India.	Kodumthara	India
country	Arandan (Persian: آرندان‎, also Romanized as Ārandān and Arandān; also known as Aranan, Arenān, Ārnān, and Randān) is a village in Arandan Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Arandan	Iran
country	San Pancrazio Salentino is a comune in the province of Brindisi in Apulia, on the south-east Italy coast.	San Pancrazio Salentino	Italy
country	The International Hotel and Tourism Training Institute (IHTTI) is a for-profit school in Neuchâtel, Switzerland that offers bachelor's degrees in the hospitality industry.	International Hotel and Tourism Training Institute	Switzerland
country	Kosava castle is a ruined castellated palace in Gothic Revival style located in Kosava, Belarus.	Kosava castle	Belarus
country	Adan Yabal District (Somali: Degmada Aadan Yabaal) is a district in the southeastern Middle Shebelle (Shabeellaha Dhexe) region of Somalia.	Adan Yabal District	Somalia
country	Grytøy Lighthouse (Norwegian: Grytøy fyr) is a lighthouse in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county, Norway.	Grytøy Lighthouse	Norway
country	Juhu Aerodrome (ICAO: VAJJ) is located in Juhu, an upmarket residential suburb of Mumbai, India.	Juhu Aerodrome	India
country	Mazraeh-ye Ayshaq Chekhmaz (Persian: مزرعه ايشق چخماز‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ayshaq Chekhmāz) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 64, in 19 families.	Mazraeh-ye Ayshaq Chekhmaz	Iran
country	Darreh Chineh (Persian: دره چينه‎, also Romanized as Darreh Chīneh; also known as Darreh Chīneh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Chineh	Iran
country	An Ordnance Factory of the Ordnance Factories Board has been established by the Government of India which is one of the reasons for Ambarnath developing into a residential neighbourhood.	Ambarnath	India
country	Skurugata is a rock canyon in Eksjö Municipality, southern Sweden, an 800-metre gorge which runs 20 to 35 metres deep and 7 to 24 metres wide.	Skurugata	Sweden
country	Zlati Rep (pronounced (ˈzlaːti ˈɾeːp)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Zlati Rep	Slovenia
country	Hobbledehoy Record Co. (/ˈhɒbəldihɔɪ/ HOB-əl-dee-hoy) is an artistic-centric independent record label in Adelaide, SA Australia.	Hobbledehoy Record Co.	Australia
country	Gunclje (pronounced (ˈɡuːntsljɛ)) is a settlement in central Slovenia, immediately northwest of the capital Ljubljana.	Gunclje	Slovenia
country	Kdyně (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɡdɪɲɛ); German: Neu Gedein) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Kdyně	Czech Republic
country	Khayysardakh (Russian: Хайысардах; Sakha: Хайыһардаах) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Elgessky Rural Okrug in Verkhoyansky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 58 kilometers (36 mi) from Batagay, the administrative center of the district.	Khayysardakh	Russia
country	Sint Willebrord is a town in the municipality of Rucphen in the Netherlands.	Sint Willebrord	Netherlands
country	Little Waterhouse Lake is a freshwater coastal lagoon in the Waterhouse Conservation Area of north-eastern Tasmania, Australia.	Little Waterhouse Lake	Australia
country	The Phoenician port of Beirut or Phoenician harbour of Beirut, or archaeological site BEY039 located between Rue Allenby and Rue Foch in Beirut, Lebanon.	Phoenician port of Beirut	Lebanon
country	Horbali (Ukrainian: Горбалі) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Horbali	Ukraine
country	Bottom Bay is located on the southeast coast of Barbados, between Cave Bay and Palmetto Bay.	Bottom Bay	Barbados
country	Jalanta (Aymara jalaña to fly, running of water; west, -nta a suffix, jalanta, inti jalanta west, also spelled Alanta) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,100 metres (16,732 ft) high.	Jalanta	Peru
country	Hamedan International Airport (Persian: فرودگاه بین المللی همدان‎‎) is an airport in Hamadan, Iran (IATA: HDM, ICAO: OIHH).	Hamedan International Airport	Iran
country	The Auckland Harbour Bridge is an eight-lane box truss motorway bridge over the Waitemata Harbour, joining St Marys Bay in Auckland with Northcote in the former North Shore City, New Zealand.	Auckland Harbour Bridge	New Zealand
country	The University of Duisburg-Essen (German: Universität Duisburg-Essen) is a public university in Duisburg and Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany and a member of the newly founded University Alliance Metropolis Ruhr.	University of Duisburg-Essen	Germany
country	The Mordechai Navi Synagogue is the only Jewish place of worship in the Republic of Armenia.	Mordechai Navi Synagogue	Armenia
country	Tolú is a small municipality and town in Sucre Department, northern Colombia by the Caribbean sea.	Tolú	Colombia
country	Vərov (also, Varov and Vyarov) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Vərov	Azerbaijan
country	Jardín de Esculturas is a museum in the city of Xalapa, in the state of Veracruz in eastern Mexico.	Jardín de Esculturas	Mexico
country	Its original name was DATEV Data Processing Organization for Tax Agents and Related Tax Services Providers within the Federal Republic of Germany, a registered co-operative society with limited liability (``Datenverarbeitung und Dienstleistung für den steuerberatenden Beruf'').	DATEV	Germany
country	Kavu is the traditional name given for sacred groves across the Malabar Coast in Kerala, South India.	Kavu	India
country	Fuerza Aérea (Edificio Cóndor) Heliport (ICAO: SABC) is a public use heliport located near Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Fuerza Aérea (Edificio Cóndor) Heliport	Argentina
country	Dewele (French Douanlé) is a town on the Ethiopia and Djibouti border.	Dewele	Ethiopia
country	Muľa (Hungarian: Rárósmúlyad) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Muľa	Slovakia
country	The Samira Hill Gold Mine (fr. Mine d'Or du Mont Samira) is a Gold mine in Téra Department of the Tillabéri Region in Niger.	Samira Hill Gold Mine	Niger
country	Franceville is one of the four largest cities in Gabon, with a population of around 56,000 (2010, approx.) people.	Franceville	Gabon
country	The 2002 Taman Hillview landslide occurred on 20 November 2002 in Taman Hillview, Ulu Klang, Selangor, Malaysia, crushing the bungalow of the Affin Bank chairman General (RtD) Tan Sri Ismail Omar and killing eight people.	2002 Taman Hillview landslide	Malaysia
country	Käerjeng is a commune in southwestern Luxembourg, in the canton of Capellen.	Käerjeng	Luxembourg
country	Pego do Inferno is a small waterfall and lake located in the parish of Santo Estêvão, in Tavira in the Algarve, Portugal.	Pego do Inferno	Portugal
country	Ross Haven is a summer village in Alberta, Canada.	Ross Haven	Canada
country	Fryazino (Russian: Фрязино; IPA: (ˈfrʲæzʲɪnə)) is a scientific town in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located on the Lyuboseyevka River (Vorya's tributary) 25 kilometers (16 mi) northeast of the city of Moscow.	Fryazino	Russia
country	Vadakkechira (Malayalam: വടക്കെചിര) is one of the four oldest ponds in Thrissur city of Kerala in India.	Vadakkechira	India
country	Långsele AIF is a sports club in Långsele, Sweden, established on 11 June 1920 as IF Renen before changing name on 25 October the same year.	Långsele AIF	Sweden
country	The National Library of Catalonia (Catalan: Biblioteca de Catalunya, IPA: (biβɫiuˈtɛkə ðə kətəˈɫuɲə)) is a Catalan national library located in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	National Library of Catalonia	Spain
country	Padah-Lin Caves (Burmese: ဗဒလင်းဂူ, pronounced: (bədəlíɴ ɡù); also Padalin or Badalin) are limestone caves located in Taunggyi District, Shan State, Burma (Myanmar).	Padah-Lin Caves	Myanmar
country	Tuteh Chal (Persian: توته چال‎, also Romanized as Tūteh Chāl; also known as Tūtehcheh, Tūteh Chāy, Tūtahchāi, Tutakhchay, and Tūtchāl) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Tuteh Chal	Iran
country	Cewice (t͡sɛˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Zewitz) is a village in Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Cewice	Poland
country	Belgravia Secondary School, also known as Belgravia High School is an English-medium school in Athlone, a suburb of Cape Town, South Africa.	Belgravia High School	South Africa
country	Originating in the 17th century, Luckenwalde's cloth and wool factories did not spring up till the reign of King Frederick II of Prussia and soon were among the most extensive in Germany.	Luckenwalde	Germany
country	Am Timan is a city in Chad and is the capital of the region of Salamat.	Am Timan	Chad
country	Bicz-Ostatki (ˈbit͡ʂ ɔsˈtatki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Miasto, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bicz-Ostatki	Poland
country	Runkaus Strict Nature Reserve (Runkauksen luonnonpuisto) is a strict nature reserve located in Lapland, Finland.	Runkaus Strict Nature Reserve	Finland
country	Tang-e Karam (Persian: تنگ كرم‎, also Romanized as Tang-i-Karam) is a village in Kushk-e Qazi Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang-e Karam	Iran
country	Puéchoursi (Occitan: Puèch Orsin, meaning bear mountain) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.	Puéchoursi	France
country	Dorozhny (Russian: Дорожный) is a rural locality (a selo), the administrative centre of and one of two settlements, in addition to Nyuya Severnaya, in Murbaysky Rural Okrug of Lensky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Dorozhny	Russia
country	Khok Salut (Thai: โคกสลุด) is a subdistrict (tambon) in the Bang Krathum district of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Khok Salut	Thailand
country	Boudépé is a village in south-eastern Ivory Coast.	Boudépé	Ivory Coast
country	Tskhinvali ( ; ; ) is the capital of South Ossetia, a disputed region in Georgia which has been recognised as an independent Republic by Russia and another three UN members.	Tskhinvali	Georgia
country	Middlesex Centre is a township in south-western Ontario, Canada.	Middlesex Centre	Canada
country	Qand-e Nur-e Sepahan (Persian: قندنورسپاهان‎, also Romanized as Qand-e Nūr-e Sepāhān) is a village in Borkhar-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Qand-e Nur-e Sepahan	Iran
country	The Oxford College of Engineering is a college in Bangalore, India, under the VTU Visvesvaraya Technological University recognized by the Government of Karnataka and approved by the All India Council of Technical Education AICTE, New Delhi.	Oxford College of Engineering	India
country	The Potanin Glacier is the longest glacier in Mongolia, its long about 14 kilometres and located through in the Altai Tavan Bogd mountain in Altai Mountains.	Potanin Glacier	Mongolia
country	Uzdowo (uzˈdɔvɔ) (German Usdau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Uzdowo	Poland
country	Shivaji Place District Centre is a commercial centre located in Rajouri Garden, West Delhi, India.	Shivaji Place	India
country	Marcos Juárez Airport (Spanish: Aeródromo Marcos Juárez, IATA: MJZ, ICAO: SAOM) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres (3 mi) west-northwest of Marcos Juárez, Córdoba, Argentina.	Marcos Juárez Airport	Argentina
country	The Bridgend Designer Outlet, also known as McArthurGlen Designer Outlet (and known locally as ``The Pines'') is a commercial retail park and outlet store development in Bridgend, Wales, United Kingdom.	Bridgend Designer Outlet	United Kingdom
country	Tsaghkadzor (Armenian: Ծաղկաձոր, also Romanized as Tsakhkadzor) is a spa town and a popular health resort in Armenia, located north of the capital Yerevan in the Kotayk Province.	Tsaghkadzor	Armenia
country	Arroyo Los Berros is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.	Arroyo Los Berros	Argentina
country	Amecameca (formally Amecameca de Juárez) is a town and municipality located in the eastern panhandle of Mexico State between Mexico City and the Iztaccíhuatl and Popocatépetl volcanos of the Sierra Nevada mountain range.	Amecameca	Mexico
country	Veiholmen is a fishing village located on a group of tiny islands in the northern part of Smøla Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Veiholmen	Norway
country	Chipring is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal.	Chipring	Nepal
country	West Coast Group Representation Constituency (Chinese: 西海岸集选区; Malay: Kawasan Undi Perwakilan Berkumpulan West Coast; Tamil: வெஸ்ட் கோஸ்ட் குழுத்தொகுதி) is a four-member Group Representation Constituency located in the western area of Singapore.	West Coast Group Representation Constituency	Singapore
country	Vacas Municipality (Quechua name: Wak'as, deriving from Wak'a) is the second municipal section of the Arani Province in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia.	Vacas Municipality	Bolivia
country	Ankang (Chinese: 安康; pinyin: Ānkāng) is a prefecture-level city in southern Shaanxi province, People's Republic of China.	Ankang	People's Republic of China
country	Sebhel (also Sib'il, Sebaail, Sebeel, Arabic: سبعل‎) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon.	Sebhel	Lebanon
country	Malbun is a ski-resort village in the eastern exclave of the municipality of Triesenberg, Liechtenstein.	Malbun	Liechtenstein
country	About Saurikh is a nagar panchayat in Kannauj District of Uttar Pradesh State, India.	Saurikh	India
country	The Orde van den Prince or Order of the Prince is a Flemish-Dutch society for the promotion of the language and culture of the Netherlands (Flanders and Netherlands).	Orde van den Prince	Netherlands
country	Kavat (Persian: كوات‎, also Romanized as Kavāt; also known as Kavārt) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kavat	Iran
country	The Montmeló Municipal Museum is a museum in the town of Montmeló, Catalonia, Spain.	Montmeló Municipal Museum	Spain
country	The Fehéres River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River, in Romania.	Fehéres River	Romania
country	The Béli River is a seasonal river of northern Burkina Faso, just south of the Malian border.	Béli River	Burkina Faso
country	Zilaiskalns parish (Latvian: Zilākalna pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Kocēni Municipality, Latvia.	Zilaiskalns parish	Latvia
country	Topotes are a local dish of Catemaco, Veracruz, Mexico made from Threadfin Shad Dorosoma petenense.	Topote	Mexico
country	South Eastern Subregion is a subregion in the central Maekel (Maakel) region (Zoba Maekel) of Eritrea.	South Eastern Subregion	Eritrea
country	Madurai Junction railway station is an important Junction railway station in South India and the primary railway station serving the city of Madurai, Tamil Nadu.	Madurai Junction railway station	India
country	Húnaþing vestra is a municipality located in northern Iceland.	Húnaþing vestra	Iceland
country	Smolec (ˈsmɔlɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Smolec	Poland
country	Bom Fim (meaning Good End in English) is a neighborhood in the city of Porto Alegre, the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil.	Bom Fim	Brazil
country	The Kapshagay Hydroelectric Power Plant (Russian: Капшагайская ГЭС, earlier Капчагайская ГЭС) is a hydroelectricity power plant on the Ili River in Almaty Province of Kazakhstan.	Kapshagay Hydroelectric Power Plant	Kazakhstan
country	Lejonen (the Lions) is a speedway club from Gislaved in Sweden who compete in the Swedish Elitserien.	Lejonen	Sweden
country	Alto Mijares (Valencian: Alt Millars) is a comarca in the province of Castellón, Valencian Community, Spain.	Alto Mijares	Spain
country	Ole Rømer Observatory (Danish: Ole Rømer Observatoriet) is an astronomical observatory and museum, built in 1911 and located in Aarhus, Denmark.	Ole Rømer Observatory	Denmark
country	Margeh Pirgeh (Persian: مرگه پيرگه‎, also Romanized as Margeh Pīrgeh) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Margeh Pirgeh	Iran
country	The Institute of Chartered Foresters is the professional body for foresters and arboriculturists in the United Kingdom.	Institute of Chartered Foresters	United Kingdom
country	Port-au-Prince (/ˌpɔːrtoʊˈprɪns/; French pronunciation: ​(pɔʁopʁɛ̃s); Haitian Creole: Pòtoprens) is the capital and largest city of the Caribbean country of Haiti.	Port-au-Prince	Haiti
country	The Panum Building (formerly referred to as the Panum Institute) is a large building complex that is part of the University of Copenhagen's North Campus in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Panum Building	Denmark
country	Rahmatabad-e Bozorg (Persian: رحمت ابادبزرگ‎, also Romanized as Raḩmatābād-e Bozorg; also known as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Dashtabi District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Rahmatabad-e Bozorg	Iran
country	Springhill Falls is a 5 metre high horsetail ribbon cascade waterfall found on private property, (private with permission to access), in Flamborough, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Springhill Falls	Canada
country	Brno City Theatre (Czech: Městské divadlo Brno, further in text MdB) is a repertoire theatre in Brno, Czech Republic, that focuses on dramatic and music production, mainly musical theatre.	Brno City Theatre	Czech Republic
country	Oranga is a small residential suburb in Auckland, New Zealand.	Oranga	New Zealand
country	Hollola TV Mast is a mast in Hollola, Finland built in 1967.	Hollola TV Mast	Finland
country	On February 9, 2008, CBC's annual Hockey Day In Canada broadcast was hosted from Winkler Arena.	Winkler Arena	Canada
country	The Manitoba Children's Museum is a non-profit, charitable children's museum located at The Forks in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Manitoba Children's Museum	Canada
country	The Velika Kapela (pronounced (ʋɛ̂likaː kǎpɛla); Great Chapel) is a large mountain range in the east of Gorski Kotar, Croatia.	Velika Kapela	Croatia
country	The Moderates of Åland (Swedish: Moderaterna på Åland; previously Freeminded Co-operation, Swedish: Frisinnad Samverkan) was a conservative and liberal-conservative political party in the Åland Islands.	Moderates of Åland	Åland Islands
country	Coco Point Lodge Airstrip (ICAO: TAPT) is a private use airport located near Coco Point, Barbuda, Antigua and Barbuda.	Coco Point Lodge Airstrip	Antigua and Barbuda
country	Kuczbork-Osada (ˈkut͡ʂbɔrk ɔˈsada) is a village in Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kuczbork-Osada	Poland
country	Goa State Museum, also known as the State Archaeology Museum, Panaji, is a museum in Goa, India.	Goa State Museum	India
country	Mirepoix Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Maurice de Mirepoix) is in the town of Mirepoix, Ariège, in the south west of France.	Mirepoix Cathedral	France
country	Ill (Saarland) is a river of Saarland, Germany.	Ill (Saarland)	Germany
country	Ustarbowo (ustarˈbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ustarbowo	Poland
country	The Toronto Courthouse is a major court in Toronto, Canada located behind Osgoode Hall at 361 University Avenue north of Queen Street West.	Toronto Courthouse	Canada
country	The 2009 L'Aquila earthquake occurred in the region of Abruzzo, in central Italy.	2009 L'Aquila earthquake	Italy
country	Chaul is a former city of Portuguese India, now in ruins.	Chaul	India
country	The Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy (German: Bundesministerium für Wirtschaft und Energie), abbreviated BMWi, is a cabinet-level ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.	Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy	Germany
country	The Pala group (Italian: Pale di San Martino, Dolomiti delle Pale or Gruppo delle Pale) is a mountain range in the Dolomites, in the eastern Trentino and part of the province of Belluno, northern Italy.	Pala group	Italy
country	Desino (Greek: Δεσινό, formerly Τεσινόν - Tesinon) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Aroania, Achaea, Greece.	Desino	Greece
country	Sparrow Lake is a lake located in the south-central region of the Province of Ontario, Canada.	Sparrow Lake	Canada
country	Champfèr ( (tɕɐmpˈfɛɾ) ) is a village in the Upper Engadin valley of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.	Champfèr	Switzerland
country	The InterContinental Toronto Centre, is a hotel in downtown Toronto, Canada.	InterContinental Toronto Centre	Canada
country	Frederikssund station is the terminus of the Frederikssund radial of the S-train network of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Frederikssund station	Denmark
country	Lago delle Nazioni (Nations' lake) is a lake in the Province of Ferrara, Emilia-Romagna, Italy.	Lago delle Nazioni	Italy
country	Yanuca is an inhabited coral island in Fiji's Lomaiviti Archipelago.	Yanuca	Fiji
country	The ancient Magul Uyana (Royal Gardens) are situated close to Isurumuni Vihara and Tissawewa in the ancient sacred city of Anuradhapura, Sri Lanka.	Magul Uyana	Sri Lanka
country	Leoš Janáček Airport Ostrava (IATA: OSR, ICAO: LKMT), formerly Ostrava-Mošnov International Airport, is the airport of the city of Ostrava in the Czech Republic, a major economic and industrial centre.	Leoš Janáček Airport Ostrava	Czech Republic
country	Chenzhou (Chinese: 郴州; pinyin: Chēnzhōu) is a city located in the south of Hunan province, People's Republic of China.	Chenzhou	People's Republic of China
country	The Clock Tower of Ulcinj (Albanian: Sahat Kulla), was built in Ulcinj, Montenegro in 1754 with the help of donations made by the citizens of Ulcinj.	Clock Tower of Ulcinj	Montenegro
country	Mali Lošinj (Italian: Lussinpiccolo, Venetian: Lusinpicolo) is a town and municipality in the Primorje-Gorski Kotar County, on the island of Lošinj, in western Croatia.	Mali Lošinj	Croatia
country	Padidan (Also spelled Pad Idan) (Urdu: پڈیدن ‎) (Sindhi: پَڊيدن‎) is a town in Naushahro Feroze district of Sindh province in Pakistan.	Padidan	Pakistan
country	Bojná (Hungarian: Nyitrabajna) is a municipality in the Topoľčany District of the Nitra Region, Slovakia.	Bojná	Slovakia
country	Hanza Rural District (Persian: دهستان هنزا‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hanza Rural District	Iran
country	Selogražde (Serbian Cyrillic: Селогражде, Albanian: Sallagrazhdë) is a settlement in the Suva Reka municipality in the disputed region of Kosovo.	Selogražde	Kosovo
country	Benguin (Persian: بنگوين‎, also Romanized as Bengūīn) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Benguin	Iran
country	Čelinac (Serbian Cyrillic: Челинац) is a town and municipality in north-west Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čelinac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Lac de l'Abbaye is a lake at Grande-Rivière, in the Jura department of France.	Lac de l'Abbaye	France
country	Paya Lebar Air Base (IATA: QPG, ICAO: WSAP) is a military airbase of the Republic of Singapore Air Force located at Paya Lebar, in the central-eastern part of Singapore, the airbase goes by the motto of ``Strength Through Readiness''.	Paya Lebar Air Base	Singapore
country	Staßfurt (Stassfurt) (German pronunciation: (ˈʃtasfʊʁt)) is a town in the Salzlandkreis district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Staßfurt	Germany
country	Lonely Mine is a village in Matabeleland North, Zimbabwe and is located about 84 km north-east of Bulawayo, just north of Inyati.	Lonely Mine	Zimbabwe
country	The total cost of Proposed Quirino Airport Development Project is around Php7,111,742.40 base on the contract price that was approved by the Department of Transportation and Communications and the National Government of the Philippines.	Quirino Airport	Philippines
country	The Triumph of Labour, also known as the Labour statue, is a statue at the Marina Beach, Chennai, India.	Triumph of Labour	India
country	The Chyulu Hills is a mountain range in eastern Kenya.	Chyulu Hills	Kenya
country	Guaqui is a railhead and port in Bolivia on Lake Titicaca.	Guaqui	Bolivia
country	Dinsoor District (Somali: Degmada Diinsoor) is a district in the southern Bay region of Somalia.	Dinsoor District	Somalia
country	Blesbokspruit, originates north of Daveyton, Gauteng, South Africa.	Blesbokspruit	South Africa
country	Batu Caves Komuter station (formerly Batu Caves railway station) is a Malaysian commuter railway station at Batu Caves, Gombak, Selangor, Malaysia.	Batu Caves Komuter station	Malaysia
country	Shia Ulema Council (S.U.C) (Urdu: شیعہ علماء کونسل‎; English: Council of Shiite Muslim clergy) is a Shiite Muslim religio-political organization in Pakistan and a board of Shiite Muslim clergy affiliated with the Islamic council of Iran.	Shia Ulema Council	Pakistan
country	Ciucsângeorgiu (Hungarian: Csíkszentgyörgy, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈtʃiːksɛntɟørɟ)) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania.	Ciucsângeorgiu	Romania
country	Maungakawa is a locality in the rural portion of the Waikato Region, northeast of the town of Cambridge, New Zealand.	Maungakawa	New Zealand
country	Rémering (German: Reimeringen) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Rémering	France
country	The Church of San Nicolás de Soria (Spanish: Iglesia de San Nicolás) is now only ruined remnants of a Romanesque-style, Roman Catholic, former church located in Soria, Spain.	San Nicolás de Soria	Spain
country	Braslaw Lakes (Belarusian: Браслаўскія азёры, tr. Braslawskiya azyory; Russian: Браславские озёра, tr. Braslavskiye ozyora) is one of the four national parks in Belarus.	Braslaw Lakes	Belarus
country	In order to ensure the long term scientific exploitation of the VIRGO interferometric antenna for gravitational waves detection as well as to foster European collaboration in this upcoming field, the VIRGO funding institutions (CNRS for France and INFN for Italy) have created a consortium called EGO (European Gravitational Observatory).	European Gravitational Observatory	Italy
country	Tour Paradis (Paradise Tower), also commonly named Tour des Finances de Liège (Financial Tower of Liège), is a 136-metre office skyscraper located in the Guillemins area of Liège, Belgium.	Tour Paradis	Belgium
country	Agincourt GO Station is a GO Transit railway station in the Scarborough area of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, served by Stouffville line trains.	Agincourt GO Station	Canada
country	The Krungthep Bridge (Thai: สะพานกรุงเทพ) is a bascule bridge (drawbridge) spanning the Chao Phraya river in Bangkok, Thailand.	Krungthep Bridge	Thailand
country	Qarwachuku (Quechua qarwa yellowish, chuku hat, ``yellowish hat'', hispanicized spelling Carhuachuco) is a mountain in the Paryaqaqa or Waruchiri mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,507 metres (18,068 ft) high.	Qarwachuku	Peru
country	Ndroq is a village and a former municipality near Tirana, the capital of Albania.	Ndroq	Albania
country	Jalan Utama Berakas is a dual carriageway divided road in Brunei-Muara District, Brunei.	Jalan Utama Berakas	Brunei
country	Spodnja Libna (pronounced (ˈspoːdnja ˈliːbna)) is a settlement east of the town of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Spodnja Libna	Slovenia
country	Akhty (Russian: Ахты́; Lezgian: Ахцагьар) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Akhtynsky District of the Republic of Dagestan, Russia, located in the south of the republic at the confluence of the Akhtychay and Samur Rivers, 254 kilometers (158 mi) from Makhachkala.	Akhty	Russia
country	Shimoni is a port village and tourist destination in southeastern Kenya near the border with Tanzania and directly across from Wasini Island.	Shimoni	Kenya
country	Caravelas is a fishing village of about 20,000 inhabitants in southern Bahia, Brazil, a few miles above the mouth of the Caravelas River.	Caravelas	Brazil
country	Vishwapriya Nagar or Vishwapriya Nagara is a semi-autonomous ward or residential district in Bangalore, India, sometimes referred to as Vishwapriya Layout.	Vishwapriya Nagar	India
country	Pontremoli (Latin Apua; Pontrémal in the local dialect) is a small city, comune former Latin Catholic bishopric in the province of Massa and Carrara, Tuscany region, central Italy.	Pontremoli	Italy
country	The River Vartry (Irish: Abhainn Fheartraí) is a river in the Republic of Ireland.	River Vartry	Ireland
country	Obertauern is a tourist destination which is located in the Radstädter Tauern in the Salzburger Land of Austria.	Obertauern	Austria
country	The Bluff Branch, officially the Bluff Line since 2011, is a railway line in Southland, New Zealand that links Invercargill with the port of Bluff.	Bluff Branch	New Zealand
country	Rawhitiroa is a locality in South Taranaki, New Zealand.	Rawhitiroa	New Zealand
country	The Haditha Dam (Arabic: سد حديثة‎) or Qadisiya Dam is an earth-fill dam on the Euphrates, north of Haditha (Iraq), creating Lake Qadisiyah (Arabic: Buhayrat al-Qadisiyyah‎).	Haditha Dam	Iraq
country	Widhwidh, also known as Widh Widh, is a small town in the northwestern Togdheer region of Somalia.	Widhwidh	Somalia
country	Lac de Tseuzier is an artificial lake in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.	Lac de Tseuzier	Switzerland
country	Joghatai (Persian: جغتائ‎, also Romanized as Joghatāy and Jaghatāi) is a city in and the capital of Joghatai County, in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Joghatai	Iran
country	Lar Pasta Company (Persian: شرکت لار ماکارون‎ -- Sherkat-e Lār Mākārūn) is a village and company town in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Lar Pasta Company	Iran
country	Bamaji Lake is a lake in the Albany River and James Bay drainage basins in Kenora District, Ontario, Canada located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) north of Sioux Lookout.	Bamaji Lake	Canada
country	Castello Brown is a house museum located high above the harbour of Portofino, Italy.	Castello Brown	Italy
country	Cozia Monastery, erected close to Călimănești by Mircea the Elder in 1388 and housing his tomb, is one of the most valuable monuments of national medieval art and architecture in Romania.	Cozia Monastery	Romania
country	Lucca Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Lucca, Cattedrale di San Martino) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to Saint Martin in Lucca, Italy.	Lucca Cathedral	Italy
country	King-Lebel had a population of 351 in the Canada 2006 Census.	King-Lebel	Canada
country	The Eredivisie (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈeːrədiˌvizi); ``Honor Division'') is the highest echelon of professional football in the Netherlands.	Eredivisie	Netherlands
country	Nandipur (Urdu: نندی پور ‎) is an industrial town located near Gujranwala, Punjab, Pakistan.	Nandipur	Pakistan
country	Capel Vale Wines (often referred to simply as Capel Vale) is a privately owned Australian winery business based at Capel, in the Geographe wine region of Western Australia.	Capel Vale Wines	Australia
country	Wiñaw (hispanicized spelling Huiñao) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 3,645 metres (11,959 ft) high.	Wiñaw	Peru
country	Langenlois (German pronunciation: (ˈlaŋənlɔʏs)) is a town in the district of Krems-Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Langenlois	Austria
country	Piereis (Greek: Πιερείς) is a former municipality in the Kavala regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Piereis	Greece
country	Palmanova (Friulian: Palme) is a town and comune in northeastern Italy.	Palmanova	Italy
country	Metapolis is a complex of four residential skyscrapers in Hwaseong, South Korea With the ground broken in July 2006 by POSCO E&C and the buildings topped-out in August 2009, the structures were completed in July 2010.	Metapolis	South Korea
country	The University of Sonora (Universidad de Sonora, abbreviated as Unison) is located in the state of Sonora, Mexico.	Universidad de Sonora	Mexico
country	Parkwood School International (PSI) was a co-educational residential school, about 65 km away from Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Parkwood School International	India
country	The Mathias Hansen House (Danish: Mathias Hansens Gård) is a former Renaissance-style townhouse on Amagertorv in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Mathias Hansen House	Denmark
country	Talarn (Catalan pronunciation: (təˈɫarn), locally: (taˈlaɾn)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Pallars Jussà in Catalonia, Spain.	Talarn	Spain
country	Buneh (variously Jazīreh-ye Būneh) is a low-lying island in Khuzestan, Iran.	Buneh	Iran
country	Salers (French pronunciation: ​(saˈlɛʁ), Occitan: Salèrn) is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.	Salers	France
country	Gulen Church (Norwegian: Gulen kyrkje) is a parish church in Gulen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Gulen Church	Norway
country	Miroč (Serbian Cyrillic: Мироч) is a mountain in eastern Serbia, between the towns of Donji Milanovac and Tekija.	Miroč	Serbia
country	The Jardin botanique du Thabor, also known as the Jardin botanique de la Ville de Rennes, is a compact but significant botanical garden located at the eastern side of the Parc du Thabor, Place Saint-Mélaine, Rennes, Ille-et-Vilaine, in the region of Brittany, France.	Jardin botanique du Thabor	France
country	Imperial College Business School is a business school located in London, United Kingdom and a constituent of Imperial College London.	Imperial College Business School	United Kingdom
country	Michel-Pouliot Gaspé Airport or Gaspé (Michel-Pouliot) Airport, (IATA: YGP, ICAO: CYGP), is located 3.5 nautical miles (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) west of Gaspé, Quebec, Canada.	Michel-Pouliot Gaspé Airport	Canada
country	A Legislative Consent Motion (also known as a Sewel motion) is a motion passed by either the Scottish Parliament, Welsh Assembly, or Northern Ireland Assembly, in which it agrees that the Parliament of the United Kingdom may pass legislation on a devolved issue over which the devolved body has regular legislative authority.	Legislative Consent Motion	United Kingdom
country	Böyük Bəhmənli (also, Bëyuk Bekhmanli and Bëyuk-Bekhmenli) is a village and most populous municipality in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Böyük Bəhmənli	Azerbaijan
country	Taitung Forest Park (Chinese: 台東森林公園; pinyin: Táidōng Sēnlín Gōngyuán) is a park at Taitung City, Taitung County, Taiwan.	Taitung Forest Park	Taiwan
country	Ovrin (Persian: اورين‎, also Romanized as Ovrīn, Avarīn, and Orīn) is a village in Hamedanak Rural District, in the Central District of Baharestan County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Ovrin	Iran
country	Mitchells & Butlers plc (LSE: MAB) (also referred to as ``M&B'') runs around 1,600 managed pubs, bars and restaurants throughout the United Kingdom.	Mitchells & Butlers	United Kingdom
country	The Daule River is a river in Ecuador, in Guayas Province.	Daule River	Ecuador
country	Folehavegård is am 18th-century farmhouse in Hørsholm, Denmark.	Folehavegård	Denmark
country	Sakui Kulesah (Persian: سكوي كولسه‎, also Romanized as Sakūī Kūlesah; also known as Sakūkolesah) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sakui Kulesah	Iran
country	Lehtma is a fishing village in Hiiu Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.	Lehtma	Estonia
country	Exmouth Gulf Station or Exmouth Station is a pastoral lease and sheep station located in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia.	Exmouth Gulf Station	Australia
country	The Kempinski Hotel Moika 22 is a five-star luxury hotel in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Kempinski Hotel Moika 22	Russia
country	The Studio de musique ancienne de Montréal is an early music vocal ensemble based in Montreal, Canada.	Studio de musique ancienne de Montréal	Canada
country	Trompsburg is a small agricultural town in the Free State province of South Africa off the N1 highway, the major road connection between Johannesburg and Cape Town.	Trompsburg	South Africa
country	Zelków (ˈzɛlkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabierzów, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Zelków	Poland
country	Amirabad-e Kohneh (Persian: اميرابادكهنه‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Kohneh; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Amirabad-e Kohneh	Iran
country	Nesar-e Chalab Zard (Persian: نسارچالاب زرد‎, also Romanized as Nesār-e Chālāb Zard and Neşār-e Chālāb Zard) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Nesar-e Chalab Zard	Iran
country	Blatuša (Serbian Cyrillic: Блатуша) is a village in Croatia.	Blatuša	Croatia
country	Bregas or Vromero is a village in Vlorë County, southwestern Albania.	Bregas	Albania
country	Navojoa Airport or Navojoa National Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Nacional de Navojoa) is a small airport located 5 miles (8 km) south of Navojoa, a city located in the Mayo Valley, in the southern part of the Sonora State in Mexico.	Navojoa Airport	Mexico
country	The Homs Gap (Arabic: فتحة حمص‎) (also called the Akkar Gap) is a relatively flat passage in the Orontes River Valley of southern Syria.	Homs Gap	Syria
country	Eleftherios Venizelos Museum of Chalepa is an historic house museum in Chania, Crete, Greece.	Eleftherios Venizelos Museum of Chalepa	Greece
country	Mudegan (Persian: مودگان‎, also Romanized as Mūdegān) is a village in Gasht Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mudegan	Iran
country	Zembrze (ˈzɛmbʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozie, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Zembrze	Poland
country	Veszprém (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈvɛspreːm); German: Weißbrunn, Slovene: Belomost) is one of the oldest urban areas in Hungary, and a city with county rights.	Veszprém	Hungary
country	The Hassel Auxiliary Dam or Hassel Dam (German: Hasselvorsperre or Vorsperre Hassel) is an auxiliary dam or pre-dam on the Rappbode Reservoir in the Harz mountains of central Germany.	Hassel Auxiliary Dam	Germany
country	Emamzadeh Seyyed Abu Eshaq (Persian: امام زاده سيدابواسحاق‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Seyyed Abū Esḩāq) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Seyyed Abu Eshaq	Iran
country	Kunszentmárton is a small town of the county of Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok, central Hungary.	Kunszentmárton	Hungary
country	Zakeri (Persian: ذاكري‎, also Romanized as Zākerī; also known as Zāker) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zakeri	Iran
country	Mappi Regency is one of the regencies (kabupaten) in the southern portion of Papua province of Indonesia.	Mappi Regency	Indonesia
country	Frank & Ellen Remai Arts Centre is a performing arts centre in the River Landing area of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Remai Arts Centre	Canada
country	Oualidia (pronounced ``Walidia'') is a little coastal village in Morocco situated between El Jadida and Safi.	Oualidia	Morocco
country	Koziebrody (kɔʑeˈbrɔdɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Koziebrody	Poland
country	Kądzielnia (kɔnˈd͡ʑelɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kądzielnia	Poland
country	Advent City is an abandoned settlement located on the east side of Adventfjorden on the island of Spitsbergen in Svalbard, Norway.	Advent City	Norway
country	Dirksland ( pronunciation ) is a town and former municipality on Goeree-Overflakkee Island in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Dirksland	Netherlands
country	Kisiljevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Кисиљево, formerly Kisilova) is a village in north-east Serbia (Braničevo District), located at municipality Veliko Gradište (Велико Градиште).	Kisiljevo	Serbia
country	Zirdan Zirun (Persian: زيردن زيرون‎, also Romanized as Zīrdan Zīrūn) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zirdan Zirun	Iran
country	Kendice (Hungarian: Kende) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Kendice	Slovakia
country	Parshevitsa (Bulgarian: Пършевица) is a ski resort in the Balkan Mountains of Bulgaria.	Parshevitsa	Bulgaria
country	The Ichuveyem River and its basin belong to the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug administrative region of Russia.	Ichuveyem River	Russia
country	Banyaran-e Aziz Morad (Persian: بان ياران عزيزمراد‎, also Romanized as Bānyārān-e ʿAzīz Morād) is a village in Gurani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Banyaran-e Aziz Morad	Iran
country	The Indus River Delta (Sindhi: سنڌو ٽِڪور‎), forms where the Indus River flows into the Arabian Sea in Pakistan.	Indus River Delta	Pakistan
country	Sułkowice (suu̯kɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a town in southern Poland, situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship (since 1999), previously in Kraków Voivodeship (1975--1998).	Sułkowice	Poland
country	Balyan Rural District (Persian: دهستان بليان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Balyan Rural District	Iran
country	Duodao District (simplified Chinese: 掇刀区; traditional Chinese: 掇刀區; pinyin: Duōdāo Qū) is a district of the city of Jingmen, Hubei, People's Republic of China.	Duodao District	People's Republic of China
country	Manidar (Persian: منيدر‎, also Romanized as Manīdar, Manidir, and Monīdar) is a village in Dasturan Rural District, in the Central District of Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Manidar	Iran
country	The name Alte Oder refers to an old branch of the Oder River in Brandenburg, Germany.	Alte Oder	Germany
country	The Blue Lagoon Local Nature Reserve is a Local Nature Reserve in Bletchley, Milton Keynes in Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom.	Blue Lagoon Local Nature Reserve	United Kingdom
country	Dehiwala-Mount Lavinia (Sinhalese: දෙහිවල-ගල්කිස්ස Dehiwala-Galkissa), population 209,787 (2001) is the largest suburb of the capital Colombo, in Western Province, Sri Lanka.	Dehiwala-Mount Lavinia	Sri Lanka
country	Kiełczygłów (kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨɡwuf) is a village in Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kiełczygłów	Poland
country	Frączków (ˈfrɔnt͡ʂkuf) (German Franczdorff) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosławice, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Frączków	Poland
country	Qoornoq (old spelling: Qôrnoq) is an uninhabited fishing village in the Sermersooq municipality in southwestern Greenland.	Qoornoq	Greenland
country	The Jardin botanique E.M. Heckel (12,000 m²), also known as the Jardin botanique de Marseille and the Jardin botanique Borély de Marseille, is a municipal botanical garden located in the Parc Borély at 48, Avenue Clot Bey, Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.	Jardin botanique E.M. Heckel	France
country	Operation al-Shabah (English: Phantom) was launched in May 2013 by the Iraqi Army, with the stated aim of severing contact between al-Qaeda in Iraq and the Syrian al-Nusra Front by clearing militants from the border area with Syria and Jordan.	Operation al-Shabah	Iraq
country	Trzeboś (ˈtʂɛbɔɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Małopolski, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Trzeboś	Poland
country	Ponte Eiffel is a large bridge in Portugal.	Ponte Eiffel	Portugal
country	Gujranwala Cantonment railway station (Urdu: گوجرانوالہ کینٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Gujranwala cantonment area, Gujranwala district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Gujranwala Cantonment railway station	Pakistan
country	Major european Airbus Defence and Space sites are located in Germany:	Airbus Defence and Space	Germany
country	Umeå Södra FF is a football club from Umeå, Sweden.	Umeå Södra FF	Sweden
country	Laze pri Vačah (German: Lase) is a small settlement east of Vače in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Laze pri Vačah	Slovenia
country	Al-Tulay'i (Arabic: السيسنية‎, also spelled Tli'i) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Tartus Governorate, located southeast of Tartus.	Al-Tulay'i	Syria
country	Hadsten Grand Prix (also known as Det Nye Løb) is a bicycle race held in Hadsten, Denmark.	Hadsten Grand Prix	Denmark
country	Miland Station (Norwegian: Miland stasjon) is an abandoned railway station on the Rjukan Line at Miland in Tinn, Norway.	Miland Station	Norway
country	Padrón (Galician pronunciation: (paˈðɾoŋ)) is a concello (Galician for municipality) in the Province of A Coruña, in Galicia (Spain) within the comarca of O Sar.	Padrón	Spain
country	As of the 2001 India census, Hulihaidar had a population of 4,149 with 2,116 males and 2,033 females and 657 Households.	Hulihaidar	India
country	Apoyeque is a pyroclastic shield, located in the Chiltepe Peninsula Natural Reserve in Nicaragua.	Apoyeque	Nicaragua
country	Angle Pole is a locality in South Australia near Oodnadatta where the direction of the Telegraph Line changed to a more northerly direction.	Angle Pole	Australia
country	Egriqash (Persian: اگريقاش‎‎, Kurdish: ئیندرقاش‎, also Romanized as Egrīqāsh; also known as Garīfāsh) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Egriqash	Iran
country	Mahendra Highway (Nepali: महेन्द्र राजमार्ग) also called East West Highway (Nepali: पुर्ब पश्चिम राजमार्ग) runs across the Terai region of Nepal, from Mechinagar in the east to Bhim Datta in the west, cutting across the entire width of the country.	Mahendra Highway	Nepal
country	Sofipol (sɔˈfipɔl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Sofipol	Poland
country	Ahuroa is a locality in the Rodney District of New Zealand.	Ahuroa	New Zealand
country	Heidesee is a municipality in the district of Dahme-Spreewald in Brandenburg, which is located in the eastern part of Germany.	Heidesee	Germany
country	Sunnaas Hospital is a hospital in Nesodden, Norway, and a health trust under Helse Sør-Øst.	Sunnaas Hospital	Norway
country	The Municipality of Newcastle was a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about 85 kilometres (53 mi) north-east of Perth.	Municipality of Newcastle	Australia
country	Palomares de Béjar is a neighborhood of Béjar, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León, in the province of Salamanca, western Spain.	Palomares de Béjar	Spain
country	Xələftala (also, Khalaftala and Khalatala) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xələftala	Azerbaijan
country	Għajn Tuffieħa Tower (Maltese: Torri t'Għajn Tuffieħa), also known as Għajn Mixkuka Tower (Maltese: Torri t'Għajn Mixkuka), is a small watchtower in Għajn Tuffieħa, limits of Mġarr, Malta.	Għajn Tuffieħa Tower	Malta
country	Erl is a municipality of 1,400 people in the Kufstein district in western Austria.	Erl	Austria
country	Buddhabatika Municipality is the consequences of integration of three Village Development Committees which consist of Jayanagar, Mahendrakot, Dubiya V.D.C. Through highway, Buddhabatika connects western Nepal to the capital Kathmandu.	Buddhabatika	Nepal
country	Salangselva is a river in the municipalities of Salangen and Bardu in Troms, Norway.	Salangselva	Norway
country	As with numerous other sites across France, Notre Dame de Lorette became a national necropolis, sacred ground containing the graves of French and Colonial fallen, as well as an ossuary, containing the bones of those whose names were not marked.	Notre Dame de Lorette	France
country	Doña Juana volcano (Spanish: Volcán Doña Juana ) is a stratovolcano located within the Doña Juana-Cascabel Volcanic Complex National Natural Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Natural Complejo Volcánico Doña Juana-Cascabel) in Nariño Department, Colombia.	Doña Juana	Colombia
country	Noakhali Zilla School (Bengali: নোয়াখালি জিলা স্কুল) is a boy's high school located in the Maijdee town of Noakhali, Bangladesh.	Noakhali Zilla School	Bangladesh
country	A late 19th century factory-building boom transformed Chadderton from a rural township into a major mill town--one of several in its region--and the second most populous urban district in the United Kingdom.	Chadderton	United Kingdom
country	Magdagachi (Russian: Магдага́чи) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Magdagachinsky District of Amur Oblast, Russia, located 367 kilometers (228 mi) northwest of Blagoveshchensk.	Magdagachi	Russia
country	Bayandun (Mongolian: Баяндун) is a sum (district) of Dornod Province in eastern Mongolia.	Bayandun	Mongolia
country	The Lateran Obelisk is the largest standing ancient Egyptian obelisk in the world, and it is also the tallest obelisk in Italy, weighing 455 tons.	Lateran Obelisk	Italy
country	Pulau Reni is part of the Raja Ampat regency of the West Papua geographical and administrative region of Indonesia.	Pulau Reni	Indonesia
country	Western Cabuyao District is one of the five (5) districts of Cabuyao, in the province of Laguna, Philippines.	Western Cabuyao District	Philippines
country	The Great Artesian Basin, located within Australia, is the largest and deepest artesian basin in the world, stretching over 1,700,000 square kilometres (660,000 sq mi), with measured temperatures ranging from 30--100 °C (86--212 °F).	Great Artesian Basin	Australia
country	Te Whanganui / Port Underwood is a sheltered harbour which forms the north-east extension of Cloudy Bay at the northeast of New Zealand's South Island, on the east coast of the Marlborough Sounds.	Port Underwood	New Zealand
country	Barclay Records also had operations outside France, most notably in the United States and Canada.	Barclay Records	France
country	Dadal (Mongolian: Дадал) is a sum (district) of Khentii Province in eastern Mongolia.	Dadal	Mongolia
country	Kohurestan Rural District (Persian: دهستان كهورستان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kohurestan Rural District	Iran
country	The Maerewhenua River, also known as the Marewhenua River, is a small river in the Otago region of New Zealand's South Island.	Maerewhenua River	New Zealand
country	NATS Holdings, formerly National Air Traffic Services and commonly referred to as NATS, is the main air navigation service provider in the United Kingdom.	NATS Holdings	United Kingdom
country	The Arboretum de Grignon (0.8 hectares) is an arboretum located within the campus of the Institut des sciences et industries du vivant et de l'environnement (AgroParisTech) on Avenue Lucien Brétignières, Thiverval-Grignon, Yvelines, Île-de-France, France.	Arboretum de Grignon	France
country	Imanta is a neighbourhood on the northwestern edge of Riga, Latvia.	Imanta	Latvia
country	Bukit Batok MRT Station (NS2) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit station on the North South Line in Singapore, and for six years part of the Branch Line until the opening of the North South Line Woodlands Extension.	Bukit Batok MRT Station	Singapore
country	German submarine U-628 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II. She was laid down on 7 August 1941 by Blohm & Voss, Hamburg as yard number 604, launched on 29 April 1942 and commissioned on 25 June 1942 under Kapitänleutnant Heinrich Hasenschar.	German submarine U-628	Germany
country	Butuceni (Ukrainian: Бутучани, Butuchany, Russian: Бутучаны, previously Ботушаны, Botushany) is a commune in the Rîbniţa District of Transnistria, Moldova.	Butuceni	Moldova
country	Mjuken or Nuken is a hill on the island of Stora Kalsøy in the municipality of Austevoll in Hordaland county, Norway.	Mjuken	Norway
country	Narce was a Faliscan settlement in Italy located 5 kilometers south of Falerii (modern Civita Castellana).	Narce	Italy
country	The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria has its headquarters in Ikeja on the grounds of Murtala Muhammad Airport.	Ikeja	Nigeria
country	Ryori is a launching site for sounding rockets in Japan at 39°02′N 141°50′E in Iwate Prefecture.	Ryori	Japan
country	Riebeek-Kasteel is one of the oldest towns in South Africa, situated at 80 km north-east of Cape Town in The Riebeek Valley together with its sister town Riebeek West.	Riebeek-Kasteel	South Africa
country	Brzozowo-Panki (bʐɔˈzɔvɔ ˈpanki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brzozowo-Panki	Poland
country	The GTower building is situated on 199, Jalan Tun Razak near the Jalan Ampang corner, in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	GTower	Malaysia
country	Ramonkodogo is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province, in central western Burkina Faso, with a population of 1,583.	Ramonkodogo	Burkina Faso
country	Mount Talagabodas or Mount Telagabodas (which means Mount of White Lake (refer to white crater lake) in Sundanese) is a stratovolcano in West Java, Indonesia.	Talagabodas	Indonesia
country	Makariv (Ukrainian: Макарів, Russian: Макаров) is an urban-type settlement in Kiev Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Makariv	Ukraine
country	Cubillas de Rueda (Spanish pronunciation: (kuˈβiʎaz ðe ˈrweða)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Cubillas de Rueda	Spain
country	Tamadjert (also written Tamdjert or Tamadjart) is a village in the commune of Illizi, in Illizi Province, Algeria.	Tamadjert	Algeria
country	Chaqa Bahram (Persian: چقابهرام‎, also Romanized as Chaqā Bahrām, Cheqā bahrām, Choghā Bahrām, Choghā Bahrām, and Choqā Bahrām; also known as Bahārābād) is a village in Zhan Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chaqa Bahram	Iran
country	Tolombeh-ye Mohajeri (Persian: تلمبه مهاجري‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Mohājerī) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Farsangi Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Mohajeri	Iran
country	The Isles of Mosana are the two small islets of Vaitupu, Tuvalu.	Isles of Mosana	Tuvalu
country	Świchowo (ɕfiˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Świchowo	Poland
country	The Shire of Rosalie was a local government area in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia, immediately northwest of the regional city of Toowoomba.	Shire of Rosalie	Australia
country	Karbowizna (karbɔˈvizna) (German: Kerben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Karbowizna	Poland
country	Qaqa Wasi or Qaqawasi (Quechua qaqa rock, wasi house, ``rock house'', hispanicized spelling Jajahuasi) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Qaqa Wasi	Peru
country	The Regiment Huzaren Prins van Oranje is an armoured regiment of the Royal Netherlands Army, named after Prince Willem, Prince of Orange, eldest son of King Willem II. The regiment serves as part of 43 Gemechaniseerde (Mechanized) Brigade operating the Leopard 2 main battle tank.	Regiment Huzaren Prins van Oranje	Netherlands
country	The National Renewal Alliance or Aliança Renovadora Nacional (ARENA) was a conservative political party that existed in Brazil between 1966 and 1979.	National Renewal Alliance	Brazil
country	Molla Yaqub Rural District (Persian: دهستان ملايعقوب‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Molla Yaqub Rural District	Iran
country	Celje Airport (ICAO: LJCL) (Slovene: Letališče Celje or Letališče Levec) is a sport airport, located to the north of Levec near Celje in Slovenia.	Celje Airport	Slovenia
country	The 2014 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships in speed skating was held at the Olympic Stadium ice stadium in Amsterdam, Netherlands from 28 February to 2 March 2014.	2014 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships	Netherlands
country	Norra Skåne is a Swedish-language local newspaper based in Hässleholm, Sweden.	Norra Skåne	Sweden
country	The Royal Women's Hospital, located in the Melbourne suburb of Parkville, was Australia's first specialist women's hospital.	Royal Women's Hospital	Australia
country	The Kungoni (also spelled KuNgoni) Centre of Culture and Art is a non-profit organization in central Malawi.	Kungoni	Malawi
country	The Chapel of Luis de Lucena (Spanish: Capilla de Luis de Lucena) is a chapel located in Guadalajara, Spain.	Chapel of Luis de Lucena	Spain
country	Qosmalyan (also, Qosməliyon, Gosmalyan, and Kasmal’yan) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qosmalyan	Azerbaijan
country	Gurchak (Persian: گورچك‎, also Romanized as Gūrchak) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District, in the Central District of Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Gurchak	Iran
country	Hagley Community College, is a non-integrated state secondary school in inner-city Christchurch, New Zealand.	Hagley Community College	New Zealand
country	B-Rock 99.3FM (call sign: 2BXS) is a local radio station in Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia.	B-Rock 99.3FM	Australia
country	Dar'a is an area in the eastern Tigray Region of northern Ethiopia.	Dar'a	Ethiopia
country	The Schrottenturn Manor (Slovene: Šrotenturn, Grad Schrottenturn) is a manor in Stražišče, a neighborhood of the town of Kranj in northwestern Slovenia.	Schrottenturn Manor	Slovenia
country	Olang-e Asadi (Persian: النگ اسدي‎, also Romanized as Olang-e Āsadī) is a village in Kenevist Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Olang-e Asadi	Iran
country	Opal Cone is a cinder cone located on the southeast flank of Mount Garibaldi in the Coast Mountains of British Columbia, Canada.	Opal Cone	Canada
country	Rohati (Persian: راحتی‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Rohati	Tajikistan
country	Rasos Cemetery (Lithuanian: Rasų kapinės, Polish: cmentarz Na Rossie w Wilnie, Belarusian: Могілкі Росы) is the oldest and most famous cemetery in the city of Vilnius, Lithuania.	Rasos Cemetery	Lithuania
country	XEUACH-AM is a radio station in Chapingo, State of Mexico and is the radio station of the Universidad Autónoma Chapingo.	XEUACH-AM	Mexico
country	The TT Circuit Assen is a motorsport race track built in 1955 and located in Assen, Netherlands.	TT Circuit Assen	Netherlands
country	Pushkar Lake or Pushkar Sarovar (Sanskrit: पुष्कर-सरोवर) is located in the town of Pushkar in Ajmer district of the Rajasthan state of western India.	Pushkar Lake	India
country	Zodeia (Greek: (η) Ζώδεια; Turkish: Bostancı) is a village on the island of Cyprus, east of Morphou.	Zodeia	Cyprus
country	Mazagón is a beach town in Andalusia, Spain near Huelva.	Mazagón	Spain
country	Rangpur Cadet College, is a military high school for boys in Rangpur, Bangladesh having about 300 cadets, 50 in each grade from 7th to 12th.	Rangpur Cadet College	Bangladesh
country	The Monastery of the Tithes (Desyatīnny Monastery; Russian: Десяти́нный монастырь) is an inactive monastery or convent in Veliky Novgorod (Russia), one of eight ancient monasteries of Novgorod Republic.	Monastery of the Tithes	Russia
country	Cham-e Astan (Persian: چم آستان‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Āstān; also known as Cham-e Āsīn) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham-e Astan	Iran
country	Stavros tis Psokas is a river of Paphos District in western Cyprus.	Stavros tis Psokas	Cyprus
country	The Château de Pirou is a castle in the commune of Pirou, in the département of Manche (Basse-Normandie), France.	Château de Pirou	France
country	Brière (Breton: Ar Briwer) is the marsh area to the north of the Loire estuary in France at its mouth on the Atlantic Ocean.	Brière	France
country	Mozkənd (also, Moz) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mozkənd	Azerbaijan
country	Nokon is a village on the southeastern coast of New Ireland, Papua New Guinea.	Nokon	Papua New Guinea
country	Hawkair (Hawkair Aviation Services) is a regional airline based in Terrace, British Columbia, Canada.	Hawkair	Canada
country	Thesaban (Thai: เทศบาล, rtgs: thetsaban, pronounced (tʰêːt.sā.bāːn)) are the municipalities of Thailand.	Thesaban	Thailand
country	Usclas-d'Hérault (Occitan: Usclats d'Erau) is a commune in the Hérault department in the Languedoc-Roussillon region in southern France.	Usclas-d'Hérault	France
country	Gujan (Persian: گوجان‎, also Romanized as Gūjān; also known as Gūgūn, Gujūn, and Kūjān) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Gujan	Iran
country	Nidzica (ɲiˈd͡ʑit͡sa) (former German: Neidenburg ; formerly Nibork in Polish) is a town in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in Poland, between Olsztyn and Mława.	Nidzica	Poland
country	Evrenozovo (Bulgarian: Евренозово) is a village in Malko Tarnovo Municipality, in Burgas Province, in southeastern Bulgaria.	Evrenozovo	Bulgaria
country	Caapucú (Guaraní: Ka'apuku) is a town in Caapucú District in the Paraguarí Department of Paraguay, At the 2002 census it had a population of 7,249, and is located 141 km from Asunción, the capital of the country.	Caapucú	Paraguay
country	Capital Baptist Theological Seminary is a Christian school with campuses in Seoul and Anseong City, Gyeonggi province, South Korea.	Capital Baptist Theological Seminary	South Korea
country	Babase Island is an island of the Feni Islands in Papua New Guinea, located east of New Ireland.	Babase Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Odporyszów (ɔtpɔˈrɨʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabno, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Odporyszów	Poland
country	Tararua Forest Park, often called the Tararuas is a protected area in the Wellington region of New Zealand.	Tararua Forest Park	New Zealand
country	Náměšť nad Oslavou (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnaːmɲɛʃc ˈnat ʔoslavou̯)) is a town in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Náměšť nad Oslavou	Czech Republic
country	Inderprastha Engineering College (also known as IPEC) is a private engineering college in Ghaziabad, India.	Inderprastha Engineering College	India
country	Gur Saruiyeh (Persian: گورساروئيه‎, also Romanized as Gūr Sārū’īyeh; also known as Gūr-e Sārūn and Gūr Sārūn) is a village in Rabor Rural District, in the Central District of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gur Saruiyeh	Iran
country	Urspelt Castle (French: Château d'Urspelt) is located in the little village of Urspelt some 3 km (2 mi) north-east of Clervaux in northern Luxembourg.	Urspelt Castle	Luxembourg
country	The City Hall of Chihuahua is an early 20th-century building in the city of Chihuahua, Chihuahua, Mexico.	City Hall of Chihuahua	Mexico
country	Rogoredo (Rogored in Lombard) is a former municipality, currently border district (``quartiere'') of the city of Milan, Italy.	Rogoredo	Italy
country	Vladimir Putin Peak (Kyrgyz: Владимир Путин атындагы чоку, Russian: Пик Владимира Путина) is a mountain of the Tian Shan mountain range in Kyrgyzstan.	Vladimir Putin Peak	Kyrgyzstan
country	Wuenheim (Alemannic German: Wüene; German: Wünheim) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Wuenheim	France
country	Dosso Airport (ICAO: DRRD) is an airport serving Dosso in Niger.	Dosso Airport	Niger
country	Loosbroek is a village and parish in the southern Netherlands.	Loosbroek	Netherlands
country	Kawartha Highlands Provincial Park (officially called Kawartha Highlands Signature Site) is a 375-square-kilometre (145 sq mi) area of preserved wilderness and recreational areas in south-central Ontario, Canada.	Kawartha Highlands Provincial Park	Canada
country	Pecna (ˈpɛt͡sna) (German: Petzen Hauland) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pecna	Poland
country	The initial market for SiteMinder was delimited to Australia, before beginning to take on clients from the UK, and then elsewhere.	SiteMinder	Australia
country	Though presently degraded because of demographic causes,Sapatgram (SPX) was a major railway station of NF Railway connecting the North East with the rest of India having a passage through Bangladesh.	Sapatgram	India
country	Veclaicene Parish (Latvian: Veclaicenes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Alūksne Municipality, Latvia.	Veclaicene Parish	Latvia
country	Girish Mancha is a theatre auditorium located in Bagbazar, Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	Girish Mancha	India
country	Volgograd International Airport (Russian: Международный Аэропорт Волгоград) (IATA: VOG, ICAO: URWW) is an airport located 15 km northwest of the city of Volgograd in Russia.	Volgograd International Airport	Russia
country	Malika Parbat (Queen of the mountains) (el. 5,290 metres (17,356 ft)) is the highest peak in Kaghan Valley, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan about six km south of Lake Saiful Muluk near Ansoo Lake.	Malika Parbat	Pakistan
country	Lukoml (Belarusian: Лукомль) is a village in Lukoml selsoviet, Chashniki district, Vitsebsk Voblast, Belarus, by the Lukoml Lake.	Lukoml	Belarus
country	Mexican Federal Highways are roads maintained and built by the federal government of Mexico, through the Secretariat of Communications and Transportation (in Spanish: Secretaría de Comunicaciones y Transportes, SCT).	Mexican Federal Highway	Mexico
country	Sankt Johann in Tirol Heliport (ICAO: LOIT) is a public use heliport located in Sankt Johann in Tirol, Tirol, Austria.	Sankt Johann in Tirol Heliport	Austria
country	The Museum of the Qasr Prison (Persian: Muze ye Zendān e Qasr -- موزه‌ی زندان قصر‎‎) is a historical complex in Tehran, the capital city of Iran.	Museum of the Qasr Prison	Iran
country	The One Eighty is the highest outdoor patio in Toronto, Canada.	The One Eighty	Canada
country	Comilla Medical College is a government medical school near Kuchaitoli in Comilla, Bangladesh.	Comilla Medical College	Bangladesh
country	Central Mindanao University is a public research university located at the heart of Mindanao Island in the Philippines, specifically at University Town, Musuan (Barangay Dologon), Maramag, Bukidnon.	Central Mindanao University	Philippines
country	Dhungegadhi is a town and Village Development Committee in Pyuthan, a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone, western Nepal.	Dhungegadhi	Nepal
country	Endla Nature Reserve is a nature reserve situated in central Estonia.	Endla Nature Reserve	Estonia
country	Myszków County (Polish: powiat myszkowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Myszków County	Poland
country	Qurwari (Aymara for mold, also spelled Ccorhuari, Jorhuari) is a mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Qurwari	Peru
country	Park House English School is private international English school in Doha, Qatar.	Park House English School	Qatar
country	Lake Markakol (Kazakh: Маркаколь көлі, Markakol' köli; Russian: озеро Маркаколь, ozero Markakol') is a lake in East Kazakhstan.	Lake Markakol	Kazakhstan
country	Point Charles Light, also known as Charles Point Light, is an active lighthouse located on a headland at the northern end of the Cox Peninsula, 21 kilometres (13 mi) northwest of Port Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.	Point Charles Light	Australia
country	Western Springs College (Māori: Nga Puna O Waiorea) is a state co-educational secondary school in located in Western Springs, an inner suburb of Auckland, New Zealand.	Western Springs College	New Zealand
country	Damanhour University is located in Damanhour Egypt.	Damanhour University	Egypt
country	Lucca railway station (Italian: Stazione di Lucca) serving the city and comune of Lucca, in the region of Tuscany, central Italy.	Lucca railway station	Italy
country	The Podvodnyye Islands (Azerbaijani: Qutan Adası and Baburi Adasi) are a small island group off the Azerbaijan coast in the Caspian Sea.	Podvodnyye Islands	Azerbaijan
country	Þingvellir (Icelandic: (ˈθiŋkˌvɛtlɪr̥) , Thing Fields), anglicised as Thingvellir (or, mistakenly, Pingvellir), is a place in the administrative district of Bláskógabyggð in southwestern Iceland, near the Reykjanes peninsula and the Hengill volcanic area.	Þingvellir	Iceland
country of citizenship	Kelvin Ng (born November 10, 1958) is a former territorial and municipal level politician in Canada who was elected in both the Nunavut Legislature and Northwest Territories Legislature.	Kelvin Ng	Canada
country of citizenship	Wolf-Rüdiger Netz is a former football player from East Germany.	Wolf-Rüdiger Netz	East Germany
country of citizenship	Mikałaj Ułaščyk (Mikalai Ulashchyk, Belarusian language: Мікалай Улашчык, Russian: Николай Николаевич Улащик; February 14, 1906 - November 22, 1986) was a Belarusian academic historian and archaeologist known for significant contributions to the research in the medieval history of Belarus.	Mikałaj Ułaščyk	Belarus
country of citizenship	Novatus Rugambwa was born on 8 October 1957, in Bukoba, Tanzania, and was ordained priest on 6 July 1986, for the Diocese of Bukoba.	Novatus Rugambwa	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Wakanosato Shinobu (born July 10, 1976 as Shinobu Kogawa) is a retired sumo wrestler from Hirosaki, Aomori, Japan.	Wakanosato Shinobu	Japan
country of citizenship	Zehrudin Dokle (born in Borje, Kukës, Albania), is an Albanian actor and director.	Zehrudin Dokle	Albania
country of citizenship	David Guevara (born 11 February 1983 Ibarra, Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian race walker.	David Guevara	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Robert King Anderson (August 29, 1861 in Trafalgar Township, Canada West -- July 4, 1950) was a Canadian politician, physician and teacher.	Robert King Anderson	Canada
country of citizenship	The Japan Times Kenji Urai, Hayato Kakizawa Star in Death Note Musical -News = ANIMENEWSNETWORK	Kenji Urai	Japan
country of citizenship	Maria Smolnikova was born in Sverdlovsk, Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union (now Yekaterinburg, Russia).	Maria Smolnikova	Russia
country of citizenship	The 2006 AFC Challenge Cup was held between April 1 and April 16, 2006 in Bangladesh.	2006 AFC Challenge Cup	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	José César Ferreira Gil (1 November 1858 in Celorico da Beira, Portugal - 15 August 1922 in Lisbon, Portugal) was a Portuguese Army general and a military historian.	José César Ferreira Gil	Portugal
country of citizenship	Steve Marriner, also known as Steve Gregg (b. 1985 in Ottawa, Canada) is a Canadian multi-instrumentalist, singer, songwriter and record producer based in Ottawa, Ontario.	Steve Marriner	Canada
country of citizenship	Safdar Ali Abbasi(Urdu: صفدر علی عباسی‎ born 26 December 1957) is a Pakistani senator and the central leader of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).	Safdar Ali Abbasi	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Rodrigo Guerrero (born January 10, 1988 in Mexico City) is a Mexican professional boxer and former IBF Super Flyweight Champion.	Rodrigo Guerrero	Mexico
country of citizenship	Badamasi Maccido (1961-2006) was elected federal Senator for the Sokoto North constituency of Sokoto State, Nigeria in April 2003 on the All Nigeria People's Party (ANPP) platform.	Badamasi Maccido	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ernst Lubitsch was born on January 29, 1892 in Berlin, Germany, the son of Anna (née Lindenstaedt) and Simon Lubitsch (Russian: Любич), a tailor.	Ernst Lubitsch	Germany
country of citizenship	In 1964, after 13 years in a Gulag labour camp, Ernst Sabila was released and returned to religious activism in Belarus.	Ernst Sabila	Belarus
country of citizenship	Ivan Markov (Bulgarian: Иван Марков; born 14 September 1988 in Burgas, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian weightlifter competing in the 85 kg category.	Ivan Markov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Reece Mastin (born 24 November 1994) is a British-Australian singer and songwriter who won the third season of The X Factor Australia in 2011.	Reece Mastin	Australia
country of citizenship	Martin Berberyan (Armenian: Մարտին Բերբերյան, born on May 22, 1980 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is a retired Freestyle wrestler from Armenia.	Martin Berberyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Leopold Loeffler, also spelled Löffler, (October 27, 1827 -- February 6, 1898), was a Polish realist painter of the late Romantic period popular in the second half of the 19th century under the foreign partitions of Poland.	Leopold Loeffler	Poland
country of citizenship	Ulaş Bardakçı (1947--19 February 1972) was a socialist revolutionary and a founding member of communist organisation THKP-C in Turkey.	Ulaş Bardakçı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Claudia Kemfert (born December 17, 1968 in Delmenhorst, Germany) is a German economics expert in the areas of Energy research and Environmental protection.	Claudia Kemfert	Germany
country of citizenship	Mmbara Hulisani Kevin (born 1979) is the former President (2007--2009) of PAYCO (the Pan Africanist Youth Congress), a youth wing of PAC (Pan Africanist Congress Of Azania) in South Africa.	Mmbara Hulisani Kevin	South Africa
country of citizenship	Marcelle Narbonne (25 March 1898 -- 1 January 2012) was, at the time of her death, the oldest living person in France and Europe.	Marcelle Narbonne	France
country of citizenship	Eric Forrest (born 1970 in Toronto, Canada) is a Canadian heavy metal musician.	Eric Forrest	Canada
country of citizenship	He was born in County Tyrone, Ireland, the son of Thomas Gamey, and came to Upper Canada with his family in 1834.	Thomas Gamey	Canada
country of citizenship	Issam Rajji (Arabic: عصام رجي‎) (born 1945 in Kfarshima, Lebanon) was a Lebanese singer and song writer most prominent from 1970s and 80s period.	Issam Rajji	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Dr Andreas Reinicke is the Ambassador of Germany to Tunisia was the Ambassador of Germany to Syria from 2008 till January 2012.	Andreas Reinicke	Germany
country of citizenship	Kira-Theresa Underberg (born May 6, 1985 in Hamburg, Germany) is a German actress and radio play talker.	Theresa Underberg	Germany
country of citizenship	Francisco Argüello (born 12 August 1982 in Villarrica, Paraguay) is a former Paraguayan football player, who spent most of his career playing for several clubs in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.	Francisco Argüello	Paraguay
country of citizenship	George Akpabio (born 16 November 1992 in Jos, Nigeria) is a Nigerian professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Chippa United in the Premier Soccer League.	George Akpabio	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Aperel (sometimes written as Aperia) was a Vizier of Ancient Egypt.	Aperel	Ancient Egypt
country of citizenship	Engel Garcia, better known by his stage name El Jeffrey, is a merengue artist from the Dominican Republic.	El Jeffrey	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Aki Ra (sometimes written Akira) is a former Khmer Rouge conscripted child soldier who works as a deminer and museum curator in Siem Reap, Cambodia.	Aki Ra	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Dana Stephensen (born 1984--1985 in Brisbane, Australia) is an Australian ballet dancer.	Dana Stephensen	Australia
country of citizenship	Prince Ghazi bin Muhammad of Jordan (born October 15, 1966 in Amman, Jordan) is a Jordanian prince, professor of philosophy, and is a direct descendant of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.	Prince Ghazi bin Muhammad	Jordan
country of citizenship	Jesús Antonio Hernández (born June 26, 1988 in Los Mochis, Sinaloa, Mexico) is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Lightweight division and is trained by former World Champion, Roberto García.	Jesús Antonio Hernández	Mexico
country of citizenship	Elyakim Rubinstein (Hebrew: אליקים רובינשטיין‎, born June 13, 1947) is the Vice President of the Supreme Court of Israel.	Elyakim Rubinstein	Israel
country of citizenship	Lana Jurčević (born November 7, 1984) is a singer-songwriter born in Zagreb, Croatia.	Lana Jurčević	Croatia
country of citizenship	Sami Seliö (born 5 May 1975 in Lohja, Finland) is a Finnish powerboat racer and two-time Formula 1 Powerboat World Champion.	Sami Seliö	Finland
country of citizenship	Yuval Rotem (Hebrew: יובל רותם‎, born March 21, 1959) is an Israeli diplomat who is currently the ambassador of the State of Israel and former Ambassador to Commonwealth of Australia.	Yuval Rotem	Israel
country of citizenship	Margit Evelyn Newton (born 1957 in Rome, Italy) is an Italian actress who appeared in fourteen films between 1979 and 1990.	Margit Evelyn Newton	Italy
country of citizenship	Robyn Hughes is a local body politician in Auckland, New Zealand.	Robyn Hughes	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ram Narain Agarwal is a noted scientist and aerospace engineer of India.	Ram Narain Agarwal	India
country of citizenship	Hosam Maher Husein Smadi (born 1990) is a citizen of Jordan who was arrested on suspicion of planning a terrorist bombing of Fountain Place, a building in Dallas, Texas, on September 24, 2009.	Hosam Maher Husein Smadi	Jordan
country of citizenship	Aidan Kirk (born 16 March 1986) is a rugby league player who last played in the National Rugby League for the New Zealand Warriors.	Aidan Kirk	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ali Khan Samsudin, (April 11, 1958 -- 1 December 2006 in Kuala Lumpur) was known as Malaysia's ``snake king''.	Ali Khan Samsudin	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Osmán Huerta (born June 16, 1989 in Antofagasta, Chile) is a Chilean footballer currently playing for Curicó Unido as a striker.	Osmán Huerta	Chile
country of citizenship	Jamie Whincup (born 6 February 1983 in Melbourne, Victoria) is an Australian auto racing driver who competes in the V8 Supercar Championship Series, driving for Red Bull Racing Australia.	Jamie Whincup	Australia
country of citizenship	Dierry Jean (born 20 April 1982 in Haiti) is a Haitian-born Canadian professional boxer fighting out of Montreal.	Dierry Jean	Haiti
country of citizenship	Christian Murchison (born 1 November 1980, in Singapore) is a Singaporean race car driver.	Christian Murchison	Singapore
country of citizenship	Pierre Sarr N'Jie (17 July 1909 -- 11 December 1993) was Chief Minister of the Gambia from March 1961 to 12 June 1962.	Pierre Sarr N'Jie	Gambia
country of citizenship	Alexander Arzumanyan (Armenian: Ալեքսանդր Ռոբերտի Արզումանյան; born December 24, 1959) was Armenia's first ambassador to the United States (from 1992--1993) and to the United Nations (from 1992--1996).	Alexander Arzumanyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Munshi Raziuddin Ahmed Khan (1912 - 2003) was a renowned Pakistani Qawwal and classical musician in India and Pakistan and a researcher of music.	Munshi Raziuddin	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Rajen Tarafdar (born June 7, 1917; died November 23, 1987) was an Indian film director, actor, and screenwriter born in Rajsahi, British India (now in Bangladesh).	Rajen Tarafdar	India
country of citizenship	Héctor Sosa (born 12 May 1979 in Areguá, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan footballer who is currently a free agent.	Héctor Sosa	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Matilda Alice Williams (1875--1973) was a New Zealand Methodist deaconess.	Matilda Alice Williams	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nicolas de L'Hôpital (or Hospital), marquis and later duc de Vitry , seigneur de Nandy et de Coubert, often referred to as Maréchal (or Marshal) de Vitry (1581-1644 in Nandy) was a French noble, military leader, friend of Louis XIII and Marshal of France (1617).	Nicolas de L'Hôpital	France
country of citizenship	Siegfried Schnabl (27 February 1927 - 4 August 2015) was a German sexologist and psychotherapist who contributed to the work of sex education in East Germany and other nations.	Siegfried Schnabl	East Germany
country of citizenship	Michel Emile Kfoury (born September 15, 1974 in Hawch al Oumara, Zahlé, Lebanon), known by his stage name Wael Kfoury (وائل كفوري), is a Lebanese singer, musician, and songwriter.	Wael Kfoury	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Indi Nadarajah (born 2 July 1959) is an actor and comedian based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Indi Nadarajah	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Corey Norman (born 3 February 1991 in Australia), is an Australian aboriginal Māori rugby league player who currently plays for the Parramatta Eels in the NRL competition.	Corey Norman	Australia
country of citizenship	Eliades Acosta Matos (born January 4, 1959 in Santiago de Cuba) is a Cuban politician, the former director of Cuba's Jose Marti National Library (1997--2007) and currently head of the Committee on Culture on the Cuban Communist Party's Central Committee.	Eliades Acosta	Cuba
country of citizenship	Before assuming his duties as Mayor of Helsinki, Jussi Pajunen worked as Managing Director and as Chairman of the Board of the family firm Edvard Pajunen Ltd. With 40,000 employees, the City of Helsinki is the biggest employer in Finland.	Jussi Pajunen	Finland
country of citizenship	During World War II, Mabel Miller served in the Women's Auxiliary Australian Air Force (WAAAF), from 1941 to 1944 she was stationed on airbases around Australia.	Mabel Miller	Australia
country of citizenship	Gerard Wodarz (August 10, 1913 -- November 8, 1982) was one of the best soccer players of interwar Poland.	Gerard Wodarz	Poland
country of citizenship	Humberto Maturana (born September 14, 1928, in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean biologist and self-help writer.	Humberto Maturana	Chile
country of citizenship	Miles Aylmer Fulton Barnett (30 April 1901 -- 27 March 1979) was a New Zealand physicist and meteorologist.	Miles Aylmer Fulton Barnett	New Zealand
country of citizenship	In June 1980 Lizmark won the highest ranking Welterweight title in Mexico, the NWA World Welterweight Championship when he defeated El Supremo for the title.	Lizmark	Mexico
country of citizenship	William Henry Peter Barber (10 September 1857 -- 15 January 1943) was a New Zealand Member of Parliament for Newtown in Wellington.	William Henry Peter Barber	New Zealand
country of citizenship	After a very difficult season for PSG, Sylvain Armand took part in the victory of PSG in the Coupe de France in the April 2006 final against Olympique de Marseille.	Sylvain Armand	France
country of citizenship	Mr. Gatot Taroenamihardja was Indonesia's first attorney general.	Gatot Taroenamihardja	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Vassilis Papazachos (Greek: Βασίλης Παπαζάχος) is a Greek seismologist and author of Earthquakes of Greece.	Vassilis Papazachos	Greece
country of citizenship	Abdul Nabi Bangash (Urdu: عبدالنبی بنگش b. August, 1954) is a Pakistani politician, businessman and member of the Senate of Pakistan, currently serving as chairperson of the Senate Committee on Federal Education and Professional Training.	Abdul Nabi Bangash	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Yelavarthy Nayudamma (10 September 1922 -- 23 June 1985) was a chemical engineer and a scientist killed on Air India Flight 182 (Emperor Kanishka bombing).	Yelavarthy Nayudamma	India
country of citizenship	Monty Webber (born 25 March 1961, in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian cinematographer whose work is primarily surf films, with an emphasis on water photography.	Monty Webber	Australia
country of citizenship	Giuseppe Brioschi (1801 -- November 24, 1858) was an Italian painter and scenic designer, active also in Austria.	Giuseppe Brioschi	Austria
country of citizenship	On 7 June 2007, in the Gold Cup Tournament at the Home Depot Center in Carson, Silvio Spann scored a spectacular free kick more than 40 meters out against El Salvador, but Trinidad & Tobago were defeated 2--1.	Silvio Spann	Trinidad & Tobago
country of citizenship	Jaakko Lepola (born 14 March 1990) is a Finnish football player currently playing for FC Lahti and Finland national under-21 football team.	Jaakko Lepola	Finland
country of citizenship	Yule Mervyn Charles McCann (4 December 1899 -- 29 November 1980) was a naturalist in India.	Charles McCann	India
country of citizenship	Quinn Do (born October 9, 1975 in Vietnam) is an American professional poker player, a restaurant owner, and a World Series of Poker bracelet winner with multiple live tournament results adding up to over $2.5 million in career earnings.	Quinn Do	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Gaétan D'Amours was awarded the title of Mr. Québec in 1960, Mr. Canada in 1961, Mr. America also in 1961, and a 5th place as Mr. Universe in 1967.	Gaétan D'Amours	Canada
country of citizenship	Apratim Majumdar (born 1978), is an Indian classical musician from Kolkata, India.	Apratim Majumdar	India
country of citizenship	Marijan Stipetić (also Mariyan or Marjan as well as the nickname Bibi; 8 December 1930 -- 8 April 2011) was a Croatian swimmer who won two bronze medals at the European Championships of 1947 and 1950 for SFR Yugoslavia.	Marijan Stipetić	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Before 9 months Xiang Army raised, Luo Zundian was the first existing regional and village militia forces (Tuányǒng 團勇 and Xiāngyǒng 鄉勇) to against the Taiping rebellion from northern Hubei in late 1852 whole China, then he committed the vice governor of Hubei .	Luo Zundian	China
country of citizenship	Christian Marclay was born on January 11, 1955 in San Rafael, Marin County, California, to a Swiss father and an American mother and raised in Geneva, Switzerland.	Christian Marclay	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Toma Tomas (Syriac: ܬܐܘܡܐ ܬܐܘܡܐܣ‎) also known by his nom de guerre Abu Joseph, was an Iraqi-Assyrian politician and the leader of anti-government communist millitias (al-Ansar) in northern Iraq during the 1960s and 70s.	Toma Tomas	Iraq
country of citizenship	Rich Asuncion (born January 22, 1989 in Bohol, Philippines) is a Filipino actress who became the First Princess of StarStruck:	Rich Asuncion	Philippines
country of citizenship	Alans Siņeļņikovs (born 14 May 1990 in Riga) is a Latvian footballer, who is currently playing for the Latvian Higher League club FK Ventspils and Latvia national football team.	Alans Siņeļņikovs	Latvia
country of citizenship	Filip Šovagović (born 13 September 1966 in Zagreb, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian actor, film director, playwright and journalist.	Filip Šovagović	Croatia
country of citizenship	Nuray Mert, born in Trabzon, Turkey (1960), is a Turkish journalist and political scientist.	Nuray Mert	Turkey
country of citizenship	According to Kint, Keyser Söze began his criminal career as a petty drug dealer in his native Turkey.	Keyser Söze	Turkey
country of citizenship	Jerry Brien (born in Sydney, Australia) was a rugby league footballer and coach.	Jerry Brien	Australia
country of citizenship	Kalluri Chandramouli (Telugu: కల్లూరి చంద్రమౌళి) (November 15, 1898 -- January 21, 1992) was a freedom fighter, philanthropist, scholar and a great devotee of Lord Rama, in the state of Andhra Pradesh, South India.	Kalluri Chandramouli	India
country of citizenship	Alhaji Adamu Atta (October 18, 1927 -- May 1, 2014) was the first civilian governor of the Nigerian Kwara State during the Second Republic, representing the National Party of Nigeria (NPN).	Adamu Atta	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Natalie MacMaster, CM (born June 13, 1972) is an award-winning fiddler from the rural community of Troy in Inverness County, Nova Scotia, Canada who plays Cape Breton fiddle music.	Natalie MacMaster	Canada
country of citizenship	Mapat L. de Zatarain (born Martha Patricia López de Zatarain in Puebla, Mexico) is a Mexican producer.	Mapat L. de Zatarain	Mexico
country of citizenship	Nusrat Jahan was born to a Muslim family in Kolkata, West Bengal, India but is originally from Noakhali, Bangladesh.	Nusrat Jahan	India
country of citizenship	Albertino Essers (born May 30, 1969 in Oosterbeek, Gelderland) is a darts player from the Netherlands, who is nicknamed The Sensation and competes in British Darts Organisation events.	Albertino Essers	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Princess Teruko (曦子内親王; 1224--1262) was an Empress of Japan.	Princess Teruko	Japan
country of citizenship	Phatt (Ricardo Burgrust) is a singer, songwriter, composer and producer from the Netherlands.	Phatt (Ricardo Burgrust)	Netherlands
country of citizenship	He should not be confused with another cyclist Lothar Meister who was competing in the same period, in the same area in East Germany.	Lothar Meister	East Germany
country of citizenship	K. K. Usha (born 3 July 1939) is a former Chief Justice of the Kerala High Court, India.	K. K. Usha	India
country of citizenship	Latin pop music, along with his personal life and showmanship on stage, has made Luis Miguel an icon for nearly his entire career, which started in Mexico in 1981.	Luis Miguel	Mexico
country of citizenship	Derek Frank Lawden (1919-2008) was a New Zealand mathematician of English descent.	Derek Frank Lawden	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gerardo Flores Zúñiga (born 5 February 1986 in Xochitepec, Mexico) is a Mexican professional footballer, who plays for Deportivo Toluca of the Liga MX, and for Mexico, mainly as a Right-Back .	Gerardo Flores Zúñiga	Mexico
country of citizenship	Georg Schöllhammer is an Austrian curator, writer and editor, born in 1958 in Linz, Austria.	Georg Schöllhammer	Austria
country of citizenship	Renato Cesarini (Italian pronunciation: (reˈnato tʃezaˈrini); 11 April 1906 -- 24 March 1969) was an Italian Argentine football player and coach, who also played for Juventus in Italy.	Renato Cesarini	Italy
country of citizenship	Ariano Mário Fernandes Fonsêca (João Pessoa, April 28, 1963), better known as Ariano Fernandes is a political Brazil ian.	Ariano Fernandes	Brazil
country of citizenship	Catherine Bader-Bille is a paralympic athlete from Germany competing mainly in category F46 long jump events.	Catherine Bader-Bille	Germany
country of citizenship	Hayden Ng (Chinese: 吳海登; pinyin: Wú Hǎidēng; born 20 January 1966) is a Singapore based Fashion designer.	Hayden Ng	Singapore
country of citizenship	Kalyan Kumar was born on 13 July 1928 in Bangalore, in the erstwhile Kingdom of Mysore of British India.	Kalyan Kumar	India
country of citizenship	Lee Teng-hui (born 15 January 1923), sometimes called the ``father of Taiwan's democracy'', is a Taiwanese politician.	Lee Teng-hui	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Lwin Moe (Burmese: လွင်မိုး, pronounced: (lwɪ̀ɴ mó); born 1970) is a two-time Myanmar Academy Award winning Burmese film actor.	Lwin Moe	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Don Parkinson is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented his country in 1968.	Don Parkinson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hernán Vigna (born April 26, 1977 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for clubs of Argentina, Chile, Mexico, Spain and Venezuela	Hernán Vigna	Argentina
country of citizenship	Dejima Takeharu (出島 武春, born March 21, 1974) is a former sumo wrestler from Kanazawa, Ishikawa, Japan.	Dejima Takeharu	Japan
country of citizenship	Guadalupe Borja Osorno (April 4, 1915 -- July 19, 1974) was First Lady of Mexico from 1964 to 1970.	Guadalupe Borja	Mexico
country of citizenship	Fotis Karagiolidis (Greek: Φώτης Καραγκιολίδης) (born 28 August 1987 in Ptolemaida, Greece) is a Greek footballer who plays for AEK Athens in the Football League, as a Goalkeeper.	Fotis Karagiolidis	Greece
country of citizenship	Ilona Hlaváčková (born March 15, 1977) is a backstroke swimmer and Olympian from the Czech Republic.	Ilona Hlaváčková	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Joseph-Théophile Larochelle (November 19, 1877 -- October 8, 1954) was a politician of Quebec, Canada and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec (MLA).	Joseph-Théophile Larochelle	Canada
country of citizenship	Tanja Andrejeva (Macedonian: Тања Андрејева) (born 17 June 1978 in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia) is a Macedonian handball goalkeeper who plays for ŽRK Metalurg and for the Macedonia women's national handball team.	Tanja Andrejeva	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Tina Strobos (19 May 1920 -- 27 February 2012) was a Dutch physician and child psychiatrist who, while a medical student during World War II living in Amsterdam, helped shelter more than 100 Jewish refugees as part of the Dutch resistance during the Nazi occupation of The Netherlands.	Tina Strobos	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Nora Mary Crawford (née Parker, 25 June 1917 -- 1 January 1997) was a New Zealand policewoman.	Nora Mary Crawford	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Raymundo Deyro (born 14 March 1928) is a former tennis player from the Philippines.	Raymundo Deyro	Philippines
country of citizenship	José Reyes Meza (November 23, 1924 -- October 31, 2011) was a Mexican painter, costume and set designer, who helped to found a number of cultural institutions in Mexico.	José Reyes Meza	Mexico
country of citizenship	Kimurayama Mamoru (born 13 July 1981 as Mamoru Kimura) is a former professional sumo wrestler from Wakayama Prefecture, Japan.	Kimurayama Mamoru	Japan
country of citizenship	Frank Carmichael (born c. 1887) was a trapper and a territorial level politician in Northwest Territories, Canada.	Frank Carmichael	Canada
country of citizenship	Yevgeniy Prokopov (Ukrainian: Євген Прокопов) is a Ukrainian sculptor who was awarded the title of Merited Artist of Ukraine.	Yevgeniy Prokopov	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Hanne Sophie Greve (born 14 April 1952 in Tønsberg, Norway) is a Norwegian judge.	Hanne Sophie Greve	Norway
country of citizenship	André Molitor (1911 -- 4 June 2005) is a former Belgian senior civil servant of the Belgian State and former principal private secretary of King Baudouin I of Belgium from 1961 until 1977 (17 years).	André Molitor	Belgium
country of citizenship	Lowson Anne Fraser, Lady Cullen née Collins (born 1951) was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party.	Anne Fraser	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mahamat Saleh Annadif (born December 25, 1956) is a Chadian diplomat who served in the government of Chad as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1997 to 2003.	Mahamat Saleh Annadif	Chad
country of citizenship	Benjamin Harrison VI's father was Benjamin Harrison V, a wealthy planter and slave owner, who would later become one of the Founding Fathers of the United States of America.	Benjamin Harrison VI	United States of America
country of citizenship	Shahid Akhtar Qalandar, also known as Shahid Qalandari, is a Burushaski singer and poet from the Hunza Valley in the Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan.	Shahid Akhtar Qalandar	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Thorbjørn Svenssen (22 April 1924 -- 8 January 2011) was a Norwegian footballer, who played a record 104 international games for Norway, and captained the side 93 times.	Thorbjørn Svenssen	Norway
country of citizenship	Brian Dunphy (born 17 June 1974, Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish folk singer and son of the famous showband singer Sean Dunphy, who represented Ireland at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1967.	Brian Dunphy	Ireland
country of citizenship	Aurèle Vandendriessche (born 4 July 1932 in Anzegem, West-Vlaanderen) is a retired marathon runner from Belgium, who won the silver medal at the 1962 European Championships, behind Great Britain's Brian Kilby.	Aurèle Vandendriessche	Belgium
country of citizenship	Ate de Jong (born 1953 in Aardenburg, Zeeland, Netherlands) is a Dutch film director.	Ate de Jong	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Antara Kak is an Indian film director and producer, predominantly based in India.	Antara Kak	India
country of citizenship	Mandy Boyd (born 15 October 1991) is a New Zealand lawn bowls player.	Mandy Boyd	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Khin Yi (Burmese: ခင်ရီ) was the Minister for Immigration and Population of Myanmar (Burma).	Khin Yi	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Tulsi Giri (Nepali: तुलसी गिरि born 26 September 1926) was the Prime Minister of Nepal from 1975 to 1977, and chairman of the Council of Ministers (a de facto Prime Ministerial position) between 1960 and 1963, and again in 1964 and 1965.	Tulsi Giri	Nepal
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Ivan Lukov died on April 17, 1926 in Sofia, Bulgaria.	Ivan Lukov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Frank Fenter was born in Johannesburg, South Africa, and moved to London, England, in 1958, at the age of 22, initially determined to become an actor.	Frank Fenter	South Africa
country of citizenship	Vũ Văn Ninh (born 23 February 1955 in Nam Định Province) is one of four Deputy Prime Ministers of Vietnam.	Vũ Văn Ninh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Arne Torp (born 14 October 1942 in Holt, East Agder, Norway) is a Norwegian professor of North Germanic languages in the Department of Linguistics and Scandinavian Studies at the University of Oslo.	Arne Torp	Norway
country of citizenship	Frank Scheffold (Pfullendorf, Germany, 28.05.1969) is the head of the Soft Matter and Photonics Group in the physics department at the University of Fribourg, Switzerland.	Frank Scheffold	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Teodor Rygier (9 October 1841, Warsaw - 18 December 1913, Rome) was a Polish sculptor known for his Adam Mickiewicz Monument in Kraków, Poland.	Teodor Rygier	Poland
country of citizenship	Ahmet Furkan Tarhan is a businessman in Turkey.	Furkan Tarhan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Stefan Curry (born 16 May 1982) is a former water polo player from New Zealand.	Stefan Curry	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rienzi Crusz (born 17 October 1925) is a Canadian poet born in Galle, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).	Rienzi Crusz	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Samuel Barton Burdett (born September 30, 1843 in Tyendinaga, Canada West-died January 20, 1892) was a politician, lawyer and lecturer.	Samuel Barton Burdett	Canada
country of citizenship	Christophe Hurni (born 1 December 1962, Switzerland) is a Swiss racing driver.	Christophe Hurni	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Friedrich Achleitner (born 23 May 1930 in Schalchen, Upper Austria) is an Austrian poet and architecture critic.	Friedrich Achleitner	Austria
country of citizenship	Boris Hambourg (8 January (O.S. 27 December 1884) 1885, Voronez, south Russia - 24 November 1954) was a Russian cellist who made his career in the USA, Canada, England and Europe.	Boris Hambourg	Russia
country of citizenship	Eduardo de Poli (born February 19, 1969 in Paraná) is a former butterfly swimmer from Brazil.	Eduardo de Poli	Brazil
country of citizenship	Bojana Lečić, 1st runner-up of Miss Serbia 2011, represented her country at the 2012 Miss World Pageant.	Bojana Lečić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Marcel R.M. van den Brink (Oegstgeest, Netherlands on November 14, 1960) is a Dutch hematologist and researcher who is an expert in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for cancer patients.	Marcel R.M. van den Brink	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Wolter Kroes (born in Wormerveer, Netherlands on 24 December 1968) is a Dutch singer with many hits.	Wolter Kroes	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Carlos Quipo Pilataxi( b. May 17, 1990) is an Ecuador amateur boxer who competed at the 2012 Olympics at light flyweight.	Carlos Quipo	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Henk Poort, born 20 January 1956 in Amsterdam, Netherlands, is a Dutch actor and singer, who mainly plays in operas and musicals.	Henk Poort	Netherlands
country of citizenship	René Lussier (born April 15, 1957) is a musician based in the province of Québec, Canada.	René Lussier	Canada
country of citizenship	Jacob Otto Dietrich (31 August 1897 - 22 November 1952) was an SS-Obergruppenführer, the Press Chief of Nazi Germany, and a confidant of Adolf Hitler.	Otto Dietrich	Germany
country of citizenship	Peter Veselovský (born November 11, 1964) played on the Olympic Bronze Medal winning ice hockey team for Czechoslovakia in 1992.	Peter Veselovský	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Moses Znaimer O.Ont (born 1942) is a co-founder and former head of City, the first independent television station in Toronto, Canada, and the current head of ZoomerMedia.	Moses Znaimer	Canada
country of citizenship	Rattaporn Saetan (Thai: รัฐพร แซ่ตั๋น, born January 26, 1984) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Rattaporn Saetan	Thailand
country of citizenship	George Henry Bennett (1850 Buckie, Banffshire, Scotland -- 8 September 1908 Richmond, Victoria, Australia) was a brewer and a politician.	George Henry Bennett	Australia
country of citizenship	Joseph ``Joe'' Afamasaga is a retired New Zealand professional wrestler, best known by his ringname Samoan Joe, who competed in the Australasian and South Pacific region during the 1970s and early 1980s.	Samoan Joe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Michael Levitt was born in Pretoria, South Africa, to a Jewish family from Plungė, Lithuania; his father was Lithuanian and his mother was of Czech descent.	Michael Levitt	South Africa
country of citizenship	Nicola Mimnagh (born c. 1986) is a Scottish beauty queen who was crowned Miss Scotland 2010 and also Miss United Kingdom 2010.	Nicola Mimnagh	Scotland
country of citizenship	Jill Saulbrey (born 1944) is a former New Zealand international cricketer.	Jill Saulbrey	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Reinaldo Dalcin (Canoas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil) is a Brazilian Model, Mechanical Engineer and the winner of the Mister Brazil 2013.	Reinaldo Dalcin	Brazil
country of citizenship	Mammadrafi Mammadov Ismayil oglu (Azerbaijani: Məmmədrəfi Məmmədov İsmayıl oğlu) was Minister of Defense of Azerbaijan from September 2, 1993 until February 6, 1995.	Mammadrafi Mammadov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Prapart Kobkaew (Thai: ประภาส กอบแก้ว, born October 6, 1984), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Prapart Kobkaew	Thailand
country of citizenship	Frans Bolweg (30 March 1950 -- 10 January 2015) was a sailor, scout, speaker, National Race Officer and since 1995 International Judge from the Netherlands.	Frans Bolweg	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Paweł Waloszek (born 28 April 1938 in Świętochłowice, Poland) is a former international motorcycle speedway rider who was second in 1970 Individual Speedway World Championship.	Paweł Waloszek	Poland
country of citizenship	Natalie Weir (born 1967, Townsville, Queensland) is an Australian choreographer, and Artistic Director for the Expressions Dance Company in Australia.	Natalie Weir	Australia
country of citizenship	Patrick Makau Musyoki (born 2 March 1985 in Manyanzwani, Eastern Province) is a runner from Kenya.	Patrick Makau Musyoki	Kenya
country of citizenship	Daniyal Gadzhiyev (born 20 February 1986 in Daghestan) is a Kazakhstani wrestler who competes for Republic of Kazakhstan.	Daniyal Gadzhiyev	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Francisco Jovel Álvarez Rivera (born November 24, 1982 in El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays as a Defender for A.D. Isidro Metapan in the Salvadoran Premier League.	Francisco Jovel Álvarez	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Marie Göranzon is since 1967 part of Sweden's Royal Dramatic Theatre-ensemble.	Marie Göranzon	Sweden
country of citizenship	Eva Kotthaus (b. Eva Anna Kotthaus May 19, 1932 in Düsseldorf, Germany) is a German actress.	Eva Kotthaus	Germany
country of citizenship	Joel Díaz (born February 18, 1973 in Jiquilpan, Michoacán, Mexico) is a retired Mexican-American professional boxer, who fought in the Lightweight division.	Joel Díaz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Izaskun Bilbao Barandica (Bermeo, March 27, 1961) is a politician from the Basque Country, a region in Spain.	Izaskun Bilbao Barandica	Spain
country of citizenship	Luca Valdesi (born June 18, 1976, in Palermo, Italy) is a Karate world champion in both Team and Individual Kata events.	Luca Valdesi	Italy
country of citizenship	Ivana Filipović (Serbian: Ивана Филиповић, born November 9, 1989 in Novi Sad, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a rower from Serbia.	Ivana Filipović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Tomáš Bezdeda (born December 2, 1985 in Žilina, Slovakia) is a Slovak singer who rose to popularity after placing third in Slovensko Hľadá SuperStar, the Slovak version of Pop Idol, shown by STV.	Tomáš Bezdeda	Slovakia
country of citizenship	David Bruce MacDonald is an Associate Professor in Political Science at the University of Guelph, Ontario, Canada.	David Bruce MacDonald	Canada
country of citizenship	Pierre Pleimelding (19 September 1952 -- 1 May 2013) was a French football striker and manager who obtained a cap for France.	Pierre Pleimelding	France
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Hữu Có (23 February 1925 -- 3 July 2012) served in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam, rising to the rank of Lieutenant General.	Nguyễn Hữu Có	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Omoseye Bolaji is an award-winning Nigerian writer who over the years has contributed phenomenally to the growth of African Literature at grassroots level in South Africa, especially in the Free State.	Omoseye Bolaji	South Africa
country of citizenship	Andrea St. Bernard (born 2 October 1979 in St. George's, Grenada) is a Grenadian taekwondo competitor.	Andrea St. Bernard	Grenada
country of citizenship	Suphot Dhirakaosal (Thai: นายสุพจน์ ธีรเกาศัลย์) is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Kingdom of Thailand to the Russian Federation.	Suphot Dhirakaosal	Thailand
country of citizenship	Martin Mitchell is a New Zealand and cook island professional rugby league player who currently plays for the Southport tigers A grade team in the Coast to Coast Earthmoving cup on the gold coast .	Martin Mitchell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Metodyj Trochanovskij was born in Binczarowa, Poland, when it was part of the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, on May 5, 1885.	Metodyj Trochanovskij	Poland
country of citizenship	Maelle Gavet (French: Maëlle Gavet; born May 22, 1978) is a businesswoman from France.	Maelle Gavet	France
country of citizenship	Dawuth Dinkhet (Thai: ดาวุฒิ ดินเขต, born November 18, 1983) simply known as Wut (Thai: วุฒิ), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Dawuth Dinkhet	Thailand
country of citizenship	Renaldo Rapheal Christians (born 13 February 1978 in Cape Town, South Africa) is a soccer coach who last coached with ÍBV.	Renaldo Rapheal Christians	South Africa
country of citizenship	Dirk Schlächter (born 15 February 1965, in Bad Nauheim, Germany) is the bassist of the power metal band Gamma Ray.	Dirk Schlächter	Germany
country of citizenship	Hakimullah Mehsud (Pashto/Urdu: حکیم‌ الله محسود; c. 1979 − 1 November 2013), born Jamshed Mehsud (جمشید محسود) and also known as Zulfiqar Mehsud (ذو الفقار محسود), was the emir of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP).	Hakimullah Mehsud	Pakistan
country of citizenship	During the height of the European debt crisis 2011-2012, Joe Lynam was business correspondent with Newsnight and travelled to Cyprus, Spain, Belgium, Italy and Ireland to cover the sense of fear in many Eurozone countries.	Joe Lynam	Ireland
country of citizenship	Daniel Akiva (Hebrew: דניאל עקיבא; born 1953, Haifa, Israel) is a musician (guitarist) and composer.	Daniel Akiva	Israel
country of citizenship	Ashika Pratt is a New Zealand fashion model.	Ashika Pratt	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nurul Izzah Anwar (born 19 November 1980) is a Malaysian politician and the daughter of Anwar Ibrahim, former Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia and the current de facto opposition leader and leader of the PKR.	Nurul Izzah Anwar	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Kauê (born August 19, 1983 in Aracaju, Brazil), full name Kauê Caetano da Silva, is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Treze in left position.	Kauê Caetano da Silva	Brazil
country of citizenship	Sibnarayan Ray was a Bengali thinker, educationist, philosopher and literary critic of twentieth century India.	Sibnarayan Ray	India
country of citizenship	Andreas Voßkuhle (born 21 December 1963 in Detmold) is a German legal scholar and the president of the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany.	Andreas Voßkuhle	Germany
country of citizenship	Jérôme Choquette (born January 25, 1928) is a lawyer and politician in Quebec, Canada.	Jérôme Choquette	Canada
country of citizenship	Arto Noras (born 12 May 1942 in Turku) is a Finnish cellist who is one of Finland's most celebrated instrumentalists and amongst the most outstanding internationally acknowledged cellists of his generation.	Arto Noras	Finland
country of citizenship	John McMurrich (February 3, 1804 -- February 13, 1883) was a businessman and political figure in Canada West and later Ontario.	John McMurrich	Canada
country of citizenship	Elvino Vardaro (18 June 1905, Buenos Aires - 5 August 1971, Cordoba, Argentina) was an Argentine tango composer and violinist.	Elvino Vardaro	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ahmed Sékou Touré (var. Ahmed Sheku Turay) (January 9, 1922 -- March 26, 1984) was a Guinean political leader; head of the PDG, he was elected as the first President of Guinea, serving from 1958 to his death in 1984.	Ahmed Sékou Touré	Guinea
country of citizenship	Jujeath Nagaowa was born in Baguio City, Benguet, Philippines both of her parents were farmers later on separated during in her early childhood, forced to become independent in her high school days she live at her aunts house.	Jujeath Nagaowa	Philippines
country of citizenship	La Bohème (Mimi) - Aurora Opera House, Victoria, Malta Malta Felice! - ORF Radiokulturhaus, Vienna Malta Felice! - Salzkammergut Festwochen, Gmunden Festwochen Schloss Roith, Gmunden Lydia Caruana in Concert - Mediterranean Centre, Valletta.	Lydia Caruana	Malta Malta
country of citizenship	Lincom appeared rarely and subsequently returned to Brazil in the 2007 summer, with CRAC.	Lincom	Brazil
country of citizenship	Arthur Yap was born in Singapore, the sixth child of a carpenter and a housewife.	Arthur Yap	Singapore
country of citizenship	Emilie Winkelmann (8 May 1875 − 4 August 1951) was the first women to run an architecture practice in Germany.	Emilie Winkelmann	Germany
country of citizenship	He adopted the name Kai Ewans in 1927, and led Denmark's first big band in 1927-28, thereafter leading bands in Belgium and Germany through 1931.	Kai Ewans	Denmark
country of citizenship	Victorino Abente y Lago (born in Mugía, Spain, June 2, 1846) was a Paraguayan poet.	Victorino Abente y Lago	Spain
country of citizenship	Juliano Son is descendant of Korean immigrants who moved to Brazil.	Juliano Son	Brazil
country of citizenship	Jesper Fritz (born 1985 in Malmö, Sweden) is a Swedish pole vaulter.	Jesper Fritz	Sweden
country of citizenship	António Sérgio de Sousa (September 3, 1883 -- February 12, 1969) was an influential educationist, philosopher, journalist, sociologist and essayist from Portugal.	António Sérgio	Portugal
country of citizenship	Abass Inusah (born 7 August 1982 in Kumasi, Ghana) is a footballer, who currently plays for Sheikh Russel KC.	Abass Inusah	Ghana
country of citizenship	Ferdinand Ashmall (9 January 1695 - 2 February 1798) was an English centenarian and Catholic priest for the Catholic Church in England and Wales.	Ferdinand Ashmall	England
country of citizenship	Álvaro Rodríguez Echeverría (born 1942 in San José, Costa Rica) is the 27th superior general of the Institute of the Brothers of the Christian Schools, or De La Salle Brothers, a Catholic teaching order.	Álvaro Rodríguez Echeverría	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Pascale Guédot (born 1960, Pau in Béarn, France) is a French architect.	Pascale Guédot	France
country of citizenship	Philip Stoner Twyford (born 4 May 1963), known as Phil Twyford, is a politician from New Zealand and a member of the Labour Party.	Phil Twyford	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Garnet Hercules Mackley (9 December 1883 -- 24 April 1986) was a New Zealand businessman, railways manager and politician.	Garnet Hercules Mackley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Valle Mäkelä (born February 2, 1986, Laitila, Finland) is a Finnish motor racing driver.	Valle Mäkelä	Finland
country of citizenship	Ángel Darío Banegas Leiva (born 22 October 1969 in Santa Bárbara, Honduras) is a Honduran political cartoonist, former reporter, television host and politician.	Ángel Darío Banegas	Honduras
country of citizenship	Stéphane Peterhansel (born 6 August 1965 in Échenoz-la-Méline, Haute-Saône) is a rally racing driver from France.	Stéphane Peterhansel	France
country of citizenship	Levi Zililo Mumba (died January 1945) was a leading local politician and the first President of the Nyasaland African Congress (NAC) during the period of British colonial rule in Nyasaland, which became the independent state of Malawi in 1964.	Levi Zililo Mumba	Malawi
country of citizenship	Five years before George Steiner's birth, his father had moved his family from Austria to France to escape the growing threat of Nazism.	George Steiner	France
country of citizenship	Yu In-chon was born in the city of Jeonju, North Jeolla Province, South Korea in 1951.	Yu In-chon	South Korea
country of citizenship	Yeprem Khan (Armenian: Եփրեմ Խան; 1868--1912), born Yeprem Davidian (Armenian: Եփրեմ Դավթյան, Persian: یپرم‌خان داویدیان‎‎), was an Iranian-Armenian revolutionary leader and a leading figure in the Constitutional Revolution of Iran.	Yeprem Khan	Iran
country of citizenship	Eramiha Neke Kapua (c.1875--7 July 1955) was a New Zealand carver, tohunga and farmer.	Eramiha Neke Kapua	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Matthias Weischer (born in 1973 in Rheine, West Germany) is a painter living in Leipzig.	Matthias Weischer	Germany
country of citizenship	Peter London (born Peter Lundén; September 28, 1982 in Sweden) is a Swedish bassist most famous for being the bassist for the Swedish sleaze band Crashdïet, but he also has his own one-man-band Alter Egon.	Peter London	Sweden
country of citizenship	Dankaran Touman was the first son of Naré Maghann Konaté (father of Sundiata Keita, founder and first Emperor of the Mali Empire in the 13th century).	Dankaran Touman	Mali
country of citizenship	Marcus Holmes (1805 -- October 23, 1872) was a manufacturer and politician in Ontario, Canada.	Marcus Holmes	Canada
country of citizenship	Claudia Casabianca ( 20 December 1963, Buenos Aires) is a retired professional tennis player from Argentina who played in the Grand Slam tournaments in the 1970s and 1980s.	Claudia Casabianca	Argentina
country of citizenship	Pol Sax (born 1960) is a Luxembourg writer living in Berlin whose German-language novel ``U5'' won the Servais Prize for Luxembourg literature in 2009.	Pol Sax	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	In August 2011, Georgia's culture minister Nika Rurua dismissed Robert Sturua as head of the Tbilisi national theatre for ``xenophobic'' comments he made earlier this year, officials reported.	Robert Sturua	Georgia
country of citizenship	Alice von Hildebrand DCSG (born Alice Jourdain; 11 March 1923 in Brussels, Belgium) is a Catholic philosopher and theologian and a former professor.	Alice von Hildebrand	Belgium
country of citizenship	Adrian Schultheiss was born in Kungsbacka, Sweden and began skating at the age of three.	Adrian Schultheiss	Sweden
country of citizenship	William Henry Augustus Bissell (1814 - 1893) was the second bishop of Vermont in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.	William Henry Augustus Bissell	United States of America
country of citizenship	Rabbi Dr Mordechai Nurock (Hebrew: מרדכי נורוק‎, born Markus Nurock on 7 November 1879, died 8 November 1962) was a Latvian-born Israeli who served in both the parliaments of Latvia and Israel.	Mordechai Nurock	Israel
country of citizenship	Ilkka Tuomi (born 26 September 1958), a native of Finland, is noted for writings on the subject of the Internet.	Ilkka Tuomi	Finland
country of citizenship	Although born in the United States, Ezra Butler Eddy who was one of Canada's most progressive manufacturers, became one of its most loyal citizens and few men of his time were more devoted to his Sovereigns institutions and more imbued with the National traditions and aspirations than was he.	Ezra Butler Eddy	Canada
country of citizenship	He was the lead singer for the Matthew Good Band, one of Canada's most successful alternative rock bands in the 1990s, before dissolving the band in 2002.	Matthew Good	Canada
country of citizenship	Issouf Sanou (born January 18, 1979 in Ouagadougou) is a footballer from Burkina Faso, who plays for Etoile Filante Ouagadougou.	Issouf Sanou	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	Witwisit Hiranyawongkul (Thai: พิช-วิชญ์วิสิฐ หิรัญวงษ์กุล, rtgs: Witwisit Hiranyawongkun, born July 20, 1989) in Chiang Mai, Thailand, is a Thai actor and singer.	Witwisit Hiranyawongkul	Thailand
country of citizenship	Merepeka Raukawa-Tait (aka Mary Gayle Sims) is a New Zealand politician and former chief executive of the Women's Refuge organisation of New Zealand.	Merepeka Raukawa-Tait	New Zealand
country of citizenship	One of Irelands foremost singers, Eleanor Shanley, from Keshcarrigan in County Leitrim in the North West of Ireland, is renowned for her unique interpretation of Irish and Roots songs.	Eleanor Shanley	Ireland
country of citizenship	Ali Wardhana was one of Indonesia's most senior economic policy-makers for over 20 years.	Ali Wardhana	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Mireille Bauer (born 24 August 1951, Barr, Alsace, northeastern France) is a French percussionist and former member of Gong.	Mireille Bauer	France
country of citizenship	On 22 August 1639 Francis Day of the East India Company obtained a small strip of Land in the Coromandel Coast from Peda Venkata Raya (a.k.a.Venkata III) in Chandragiri as a place to build a factory and warehouse for their trading activities.	Peda Venkata Raya	India
country of citizenship	Shen Jiawei was born in Shanghai and emigrated to Australia in 1989.	Shen Jiawei	Australia
country of citizenship	Hamish Kilgour is a New Zealand musician notable for founding The Clean along with his brother David in 1978.	Hamish Kilgour	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Natacha Maes (born 15 March 1965 in Watermael-Boitsfort) is a racing cyclist who was born in Watermael-Boitsfort, Belgium and lives in Lancing, Sussex.	Natacha Maes	Belgium
country of citizenship	Miriam Winter (Maria Orlowski) (June 2, 1933 -- July 19, 2014) was born in Łódź, Poland to Tobiasz (Tuvyeh) Winter and Majta Laja (Leah) Winter, (maiden name Kohn).	Miriam Winter	Poland
country of citizenship	Ken Whiting (born December 12, 1974 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada), was the 1997/98 World Freestyle Kayaking Champion, the 1998 Japan Open Champion, and a five-time Canadian National Champion in freestyle or whitewater kayaking.	Ken Whiting	Canada
country of citizenship	The Most Reverend Ambrose Mathalaimuthu D.D. (25 July 1925 -- 15 November 2009) was Bishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Coimbatore, India.	Ambrose Mathalaimuthu	India
country of citizenship	Martina Pretelli (born 28 December 1988, Borgo Maggiore) is an athlete from San Marino who competes in the 100 metres.	Martina Pretelli	San Marino
country of citizenship	Terrence Roberts was prominently featured on interviews and videos during the day Barack Obama was inaugurated as the 44th President of the United States of America.	Terrence Roberts	United States of America
country of citizenship	Dwyer was born in Kingston, Jamaica, and entered the music industry as a deejay under the name Captain Sinbad on the Sound of Silence sound system, which at the time also featured Sugar Minott, with whom he recorded the ``Pressure Rock'' single.	Captain Sinbad	Jamaica
country of citizenship	After the liberation of France from Nazi occupation, Jacques Hélian gained huge popularity, replacing Raymond Legrand's fame.	Jacques Hélian	France
country of citizenship	Cornelia Oschkenat, (née Riefstahl, born 29 October 1961) is a German former track and field athlete who represented East Germany.	Cornelia Oschkenat	East Germany
country of citizenship	Mal Fletcher (born 1957 in Melbourne, Australia) is a media/social futurist and commentator, keynote speaker, author, business leadership consultant and broadcaster currently based in London.	Mal Fletcher	Australia
country of citizenship	Thomas Leer (born Thomas Wishart, 1953, Port Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish musician who as well as releasing a number of albums and singles in his own right, was also one half (the other being Claudia Brücken) of the 1980s electropop band Act.	Thomas Leer	Scotland
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Lê Văn Kim (1918 -- 28 March 1987) is a former general of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam.	Lê Văn Kim	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Klaus Voormann was born in Berlin, Germany, and raised in the suburbs of North Berlin.	Klaus Voormann	Germany
country of citizenship	Frederick Augustus Ferdinand Pettrich (1798 -- 14 February 1872) was a German sculptor active in Germany, Brazil, the United States, and Italy.	Ferdinand Pettrich	Germany
country of citizenship	Nélida Roca (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈneliða ˈroka); May 30, 1929 -- December 4, 1999), was one of the first showbusiness divas and sex symbols of Argentina.	Nélida Roca	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ramchandra Parab (1922 -- 1 August 2006) was a footballer who represented India in the 1948 London Olympics.	Ramchandra Parab	India
country of citizenship	Hennadiy Vasilyev (Ukrainian: Геннадій Андрійович Васильєв; born on 10 March 1953) is a People's Deputy of Ukraine of the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 6th, 7th convocations, and a member of the Party of Regions fraction.	Hennadiy Vasilyev	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Shane Beros (born 22 October 1973, in Perth, Western Australia) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Swan Districts in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) from 1998 to 2008.	Shane Beros	Australia
country of citizenship	Hendarman Supandji (born January 6, 1947) is an Indonesian lawyer and politician from Klaten, Central Java, and a former attorney general for the country of Indonesia.	Hendarman Supandji	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Godfrey Khotso Mokoena (born 6 March 1985 in Heidelberg, South Africa) is a South African athlete who specializes in the long jump and triple jump.	Godfrey Khotso Mokoena	South Africa
country of citizenship	Christophe Bigot (born December 23, 1965, Neuilly-sur-Seine France) served as the French ambassador to Israel in the years 2009 - 2013.	Christophe Bigot	France
country of citizenship	Born in Ibiono Ibom in present-day Akwa Ibom State, Nigeria, on 18 November 1925, Philip Effiong joined the Nigerian Armed Forces on 28 July 1945.	Philip Effiong	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ahmad Fatfat (Arabic: أحمد فتفت‎) (born 28 March 1953) is a Lebanese politician from Danniyeh (Sîr ed Dannîyé), North Lebanon.	Ahmad Fatfat	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Jaan Ehlvest's brother, Jüri Ehlvest, was a well-known writer in Estonia.	Jaan Ehlvest	Estonia
country of citizenship	Josh Bradnock is a New Zealand Super Rugby rugby player.	Josh Bradnock	New Zealand
country of citizenship	David Cavazos began composing music at the age of eighteen and later signed with Warner Music Mexico, music label in which he found the support he needed to begin a solo career.	David Cavazos	Mexico
country of citizenship	Carlos Alberto Madeo (born July 31, 1981 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is Argentine football midfielder who has played for Deportivo Laferrere of the Primera C in Argentina.	Carlos Alberto Madeo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Vadim Borisov (born 30 April 1955) is a former Russian tennis player who competed for the Soviet Union.	Vadim Borisov	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Bill McBirnie is a jazz and Latin flutist from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Bill McBirnie	Canada
country of citizenship	Major Dr. Jean-Baptiste Ouédraogo (born June 30, 1941) was President of Upper Volta (now Burkina Faso) from 8 November 1982 to 4 August 1983.	Jean-Baptiste Ouédraogo	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	The youngest of five children, Nikolai Medtner was born in Moscow on Christmas Eve 1879, according to the Julian calendar then in use in Russia.	Nikolai Medtner	Russia
country of citizenship	Jean Grolier de Servières, viscount d'Aguisy (1489-90 -- 22 October 1565) was Treasurer-General of France and a famous bibliophile.	Jean Grolier de Servières	France
country of citizenship	Richarius was born a pagan in the late 6th century in the county of Ponthieu near Amiens in Picardy in the north-west of France.	Richarius	France
country of citizenship	Ricardo Pinto (born 1961 in Lisbon, Portugal) is a computer game programmer and fantasy novelist.	Ricardo Pinto	Portugal
country of citizenship	John Karlsen, sometimes credited as Charles John Karlsen or John Karlson (born Wellington, New Zealand, October 20, 1919), is a former actor from New Zealand who was active in cinema between 1958 and 2003.	John Karlsen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Michal Shuldenfrei (or Michał Szuldenfrei) (January 27, 1887 - July 1, 1965) was a Polish Jewish politician, lawyer, a delegate to the first Sejm of post World War II Poland.	Michal Shuldenfrei	Poland
country of citizenship	Khadga Bahadur Bishwakarma (Nepali: खड्ग बहादुर बिश्वकर्मा) alias Prakanda (प्रकाण्ड), born 17 May 1968, is a Nepalese communist politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal Maoist.He is spokesperson of Communist Party of Nepal Maoist.	Khadga Bahadur Bishwakarma	Nepal
country of citizenship	Anil Goswami (born 14 January 1955) is an Indian Administrative Service officer of Jammu and Kashmir cadre and held the post of Union Home Secretary of India in the Ministry of Home Affairs till February 2015.	Anil Goswami	India
country of citizenship	Dawn Moe (born 1952), is a former Natal and South Africa cricketer.	Dawn Moe	South Africa
country of citizenship	Richard Štochl (born 17 December 1975, Michalovce, Slovakia) is a Slovak handball goalkeeper currently playing for Chekhovskiye Medvedi in Russia.	Richard Štochl	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Parashkev Hadjiev (Bulgarian: Парашкев Хаджиев; born Sofia, Bulgaria, 27 April 1912 - 1992) was a Bulgarian composer.	Parashkev Hadjiev	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Hanro Smitsman, born in 1967 in Breda (Netherlands), is a writer and director of film and television.	Hanro Smitsman	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Hiroki Kokubo (小久保 裕紀, born October 8, 1971) is a retired professional baseball player from Wakayama, Japan.	Hiroki Kokubo	Japan
country of citizenship	Vesa-Matti Saarakkala (born 24 March 1984 in Kurikka, Finland) is a Finnish Member of Parliament and a member of Kurikka's city council.	Vesa-Matti Saarakkala	Finland
country of citizenship	Katarina Lilja born October 1, 1979 is a singer from Örebro, Sweden.	Katarina Lilja	Sweden
country of citizenship	Bashkim Fino (born 12 October 1962 in Tirana) is an Albanian politician and was the 28th Prime Minister of Albania.	Bashkim Fino	Albania
country of citizenship	Gerard Jennissen (born February 22, 1942) is an educator and former politician in Manitoba, Canada.	Gerard Jennissen	Canada
country of citizenship	Dorothea Ostrelska, also known as Dosieczka, Doska and Dvärginnan Dorothea (Dorothea the Female Dwarf), floruit 1577, was a Polish Court dwarf in service of the queen of Sweden, Catherine Jagellon.	Dorothea Ostrelska	Sweden
country of citizenship	Kazimierz Kuratowski was born in Warsaw, Kingdom of Poland, then part of the Russian Empire, on 2 February 1896.	Kazimierz Kuratowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Ashok Chaturvedi was the chief of India's external intelligence agency the Research and Analysis Wing (R&AW) from 1 February 2007 to 31 January 2009.	Ashok Chaturvedi	India
country of citizenship	František Erben (born 27 November 1874 in Praha, died 9 June 1942 in the same city) was a gymnast from Bohemia, in what is now the Czech Republic.	František Erben	Bohemia
country of citizenship	Geeta Vadhera is a contemporary artist from Gurgaon, a suburb of New Delhi, India.	Geeta Vadhera	India
country of citizenship	Jay Sonza (born Jose Yumang Sonza on September 20, 1955 in Macabebe, Pampanga, Philippines) is a veteran newscaster and talk show host.	Jay Sonza	Philippines
country of citizenship	Carlos Soto (born 20 January 1984), is an Argentinian footballer who plays for Central Córdoba in Argentina, as a centre back / left back.	Carlos Soto	Argentina
country of citizenship	Teke Oruh, alias African Prince, (born August 8, 1978 in Lagos) is a heavyweight professional boxer from Nigeria.	Teke Oruh	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Dr. Bernadette Louise Dean is a Pakistan-based academic and educator.	Bernadette Louise Dean	Pakistan
country of citizenship	She hosts a radio show in Japan called ``Lyrian Moetchao'' in which she plays Marissa Faireborn in its Transformers:	Lyrian	Japan
country of citizenship	Antonio Cecere was born in Napoli, Italy, in 1978 and lived in London since 1997.	Antonio Cecere	Italy
country of citizenship	Gary Stephens won a cap for England while at Castleford in 1979 against Wales, and won caps for Great Britain while at Castleford in 1979 against Australia (3 matches), and New Zealand (2 matches).	Gary Stephens	Australia
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Payano (born December 14, 1984) is a Bantamweight boxer from the Dominican Republic.	Juan Carlos Payano	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Yessica Salazar (born Yessica Salazar González on October 16, 1974 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico) is a Mexican actress and model.	Yessica Salazar	Mexico
country of citizenship	André Larivière (born 1948) is an ecologist and anti-nuclear activist from Quebec, Canada.	André Larivière	Canada
country of citizenship	The Right Hon Dr Justin Malewezi or Justin Chimera Malewezi (born 1944) is a Malawian politician and a Member of Parliament for Ntchisi North in the Central Region of Malawi.	Justin Malewezi	Malawi
country of citizenship	Samarendra Kundu (born 5 October 1930- Expired) was an Indian politician and a former Union minister of state of foreign affairs in the Government of India.	Samarendra Kundu	India
country of citizenship	Cameron Donald (born 28 September 1977 in Melbourne, Australia) is a professional motorcycle racer who has raced at the Macau Grand Prix, the North West 200 and the Isle of Man TT Races.	Cameron Donald	Australia
country of citizenship	Omer St. Germain (13 September 1877 -- 11 February 1949) was a barrister, solicitor, notary, publisher and a provincial politician from Canada.	Omer St. Germain	Canada
country of citizenship	Ghyd-Kermeliss-Holly Olonghot (born March 15, 1986 in Brazzaville) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for the Republic of the Congo.	Ghyd-Kermeliss-Holly Olonghot	Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	František Chvalkovský (July 30, 1885, Jílové u Prahy - February 25, 1945) was a Czech diplomat and the fourth foreign minister of Czechoslovakia.	František Chvalkovský	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Syed Zulfiqar Ali Shah Jamote (15 April 1941, in Matiari - 11 March 2011, in Karachi) was a two time Senator and Federal Minister from Sindh, Pakistan.	Zulfiqar Ali Shah Jamote	Pakistan
country of citizenship	(2) Catharina Questiers began making a name for herself when she began writing plays for the Dutch Republic.	Catharina Questiers	Dutch Republic
country of citizenship	In August, 2012, the President of Myanmar appointed Dr. Yin Yin Nwe as a member of an Inquiry Commission to look into communal violence in Myanmar's Rakhine State.	Yin Yin Nwe	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Jorge Sebastián Barclay (born 2 January 1978) is a former Argentine footballer who played for clubs of Argentina, Chile, Guatemala, Venezuela and Canada.	Sebastián Barclay	Argentina
country of citizenship	Eugène Py (19 May 1859 -- 26 August 1924) was a major early French cameraman, cinematographer and film director and is widely considered the founding pioneer of the Cinema of Argentina.	Eugène Py	Argentina
country of citizenship	Younès Belhanda (born 25 February 1990) is a French-born Moroccan international footballer who currently plays for German club Schalke 04, on loan from Ukrainian club Dynamo Kyiv, and the Morocco national team.	Younès Belhanda	Morocco
country of citizenship	Cvijetin Mijatović (Serbian Cyrillic: Цвијетин Мијатовић; widely known by his nickname Majo; 8 January 1913 -- 15 November 1993) was a Yugoslav communist politician who once served as Chairman of the Collective Presidency of Yugoslavia.	Cvijetin Mijatović	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Rafael Marques Mariano (born May 27, 1983) is a Brazilian / Turkish footballer born in Brazil who currently plays for Palmeiras primarily as a winger, but can also play as an attacking midfielder.	Rafael Marques Mariano	Brazil
country of citizenship	Carlos Bica, born in Lisbon (Portugal) and currently living in Berlin (Germany), is a double bass player and composer.	Carlos Bica	Portugal
country of citizenship	Emanuele Pirro (born 12 January 1962, in Rome, Italy) is an Italian former Formula One driver and five time Le Mans 24-hour winner.	Emanuele Pirro	Italy
country of citizenship	Camila Batmanghelidjh, CBE (/kəˈmɪlə bætmænˈɡɛlᵻdʒ/; Persian: کامیلا باتمانقلیچ‎‎ Kamylā Batmanghelych; born c. 1963) is an Iranian-born author and former charity executive in the United Kingdom.	Camila Batmanghelidjh	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	John Sherritt (November 22, 1851 -- September 14, 1923) was a farmer and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	John Sherritt	Canada
country of citizenship	Allan Warnke (born October 27, 1946) is a former Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada.	Allan Warnke	Canada
country of citizenship	Sheela Gautam was a member of the 10th,11th,12th & 13th Lok Sabha of India.	Sheela Gautam	India
country of citizenship	Cormac mac Airt (son of Art), also known as Cormac ua Cuinn (grandson of Conn) or Cormac Ulfada (long beard), was, according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition, a High King of Ireland.	Cormac mac Airt	Ireland
country of citizenship	Vladimir Polyakov (Russian: Виадимир Гопяков; born April 17, 1960) is a retired pole vaulter who represented the Soviet Union and later Russia.	Vladimir Polyakov	Russia
country of citizenship	Yernar Yerimbetov (born February 15, 1980 in Almaty) is a gymnast from Kazakhstan.	Yernar Yerimbetov	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Chandramani Datta is a Maithili writer born in Jitwarpur, Madhubani, Bihar, India Time of writing - 1265 AD (Mithilabhasha Ramayana).	Chandramani Datta	India
country of citizenship	Segundo Llorente Villa was born on November 18, 1906 in Mansilla Mayor, a little town in the Province of León in northwestern Spain.	Segundo Llorente	Spain
country of citizenship	Ruslan Poladov (born 30 November 1979 in Sumqayit) is an Azerbaijani football player currently playing for Zira FK in the Azerbaijan Premier League	Ruslan Poladov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Thierry Pauwels (born 1957) is a Belgian astronomer from the Royal Observatory of Belgium.	Thierry Pauwels	Belgium
country of citizenship	Henry Matthew Stowell (1859--1944) was a notable New Zealand interpreter and genealogist.	Henry Matthew Stowell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Trinity Spooner-Neera is a current player for the New Zealand-based Hawkes Bay Magpies rugby union team.	Trinity Spooner-Neera	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Chhin Chhoeun (born 10 September 1992 in Phnom Penh, Cambodia) is Cambodian footballer, who plays for home town club National Defense Ministry in Cambodian League.	Chhin Chhoeun	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Kritsana Taiwan (Thai: กฤษณะ ต่ายวัลย์; born February 4, 1984) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Kritsana Taiwan	Thailand
country of citizenship	Alain de Mijolla, Freud et la France, 1885--1945, Presses Universitaires de France, 2010 (ISBN 2130545157) M.O. Poivet, René Laforgue.	René Laforgue	France
country of citizenship	Pedro Romero de Terreros (1710--1781), the first Count of Regla, was a mining magnate and philanthropist in 18th century Mexico.	Pedro Romero de Terreros	Mexico
country of citizenship	A R Narayanan (1910--1993) acted as personal assistant to Sahodaran Ayyappan when the latter was a minister in Kerala, India.	A R Narayanan	India
country of citizenship	Craig Cliff (born 1983) is a New Zealand short story writer and novelist.	Craig Cliff	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marta Dhanis (born 14 October 1982 in Lisbon , Portugal) is a Portuguese journalist and author.	Marta Dhanis	Portugal
country of citizenship	Kavya Madhavan was born in 1984 in the city of Nileshwaram in Kasargod district, Kerala, India, to P. Madhavan and Shyamala.	Kavya Madhavan	India
country of citizenship	Ara Khachatryan was born on September 13, 1982 in Leninakan, Armenian SSR (now Gyumri, Armenia), a city well known for its weightlifters.	Ara Khachatryan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Horomona Pohio (1815--1880) was a New Zealand Māori leader, missionary, assessor and land protester.	Horomona Pohio	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christos Tzanis (Greek: Χρήστος Τζάνης; born 22 April 1985) is a Greek footballer who is currently playing for Panthrakikos in the Superleague Greece.	Christos Tzanis	Greece
country of citizenship	Anura Tennekoon (born 29 October 1946) is a former cricketer.and captain of the Sri Lanka national cricket team.	Anura Tennekoon	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Boisrond-Tonnerre was educated in Paris until 1798 when he returned to Haiti (Daut 56).	Boisrond-Tonnerre	Haiti
country of citizenship	Moshe Levinger (Hebrew: משה לוינגר‎‎; 1935 -- May 16, 2015) was an Israeli Religious Zionist and an Orthodox Rabbi who since 1967 had been a leading figure in the movement to settle Jews in the territories occupied by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War.	Moshe Levinger	Israel
country of citizenship	Håkan Samuelsson (born 3 March 1951 in Motala, Sweden) is a Swedish businessman who has served as Chairman of the Executive Board (CEO) of Volvo Cars Corporation AB since October 2012.	Håkan Samuelsson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Alexei Maximov (born 1952) is a Soviet-born enamellist, portrait painter of European royals, and oil painter who currently resides in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Alexei Maximov	Russia
country of citizenship	Josh Graham, (born 1 October 1983 in Taree, New South Wales, Australia) is a former rugby union player with the Western Force and current Australian Rugby League player.	Josh Graham	Australia
country of citizenship	María Luisa Ramos Urzagaste is a Bolivian woman and is the current Ambassador of Bolivia to Russia, presenting her credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 12 October 2009.	María Luisa Ramos Urzagaste	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Horatio Frederick Phillips (born 1845 in Streatham -- 1924) was an early aviation pioneer from the United Kingdom.	Horatio Frederick Phillips	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Raydel Hierrezuelo Aguirre (born July 14, 1987 in Havana City) is a volleyball player from Cuba, who plays as a setter.	Raydel Hierrezuelo	Cuba
country of citizenship	Wacharapong Tongsri (Thai: วัชระพงษ์ทองศรี; born February 12, 1985 in Nakhon Nayok, Thailand) is a Thai professional basketball player.	Wacharapong Tongsri	Thailand
country of citizenship	Aetherfx (also Aetherfx, GeistFND, Sellafield and XungTekh ) is the EBM alias of Jacob Tugby, an electronic musician based in the United Kingdom.	Aetherfx	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Axel Gordon Hultquist, known as Gordon Hultquist (1904 -- 1 November 1941) was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party.	Gordon Hultquist	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gloria Evangelina Elizondo López-Llera was born 28 April 1929 in Mexico City, Mexico to Evangelina López Llera, who was a painter.	Evangelina Elizondo	Mexico
country of citizenship	María José Alvarado Muñoz (19 July 1995 -- 13 November 2014) was a Honduran model, TV Host and beauty paegant titleholder who was Miss Honduras World 2014.	María José Alvarado	Honduras
country of citizenship	Georges Abi-Saber, O.L.M. (born on May 12, 1923, Wadi Sette, Lebanon -- died on August 26, 2015) was a Lebanese Hierarch of Maronite Church and former eparch of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Latakia and Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Saint Maron of Montreal.	Georges Abi-Saber	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Abel Boyer was probably born on 24 June 1667 at Castres, in Upper Languedoc, southern France.	Abel Boyer	France
country of citizenship	John Sydney Swan (12 January 1874 -- 18 April 1936) (sometimes seen as Sidney) was a New Zealand architect, the designer of houses and churches in Wellington, New Zealand.	John Sydney Swan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Martin Jacobson (born 30 June 1987) is a Swedish professional poker player, originally from Stockholm, Sweden, but currently residing in London, England.	Martin Jacobson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Dil Kumari Bhandari was born on 14 May 1949 in the village of Bara Puttabong in Darjeeling district, India.	Dil Kumari Bhandari	India
country of citizenship	Anıl Abanoz (born March 16, 1987, in Adapazarı, Turkey) is a Turkish football player.	Anıl Abanoz	Turkey
country of citizenship	Martin Vráblík (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmarcɪn ˈvraːbliːk), born 4 July 1982 in Vsetín, Czechoslovakia (now Czech Republic)) is a Czech alpine skier.	Martin Vráblík	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Major Yadollah Javadpour (Persian: یدالله جوادپور‎‎) was a fighter pilot in the Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force, serving for the duration of the Iran--	Yadollah Javadpour	Iran
country of citizenship	Drora Bruck (born December 31, 1966 in Haifa, Israel) is an Israeli recorder player.	Drora Bruck	Israel
country of citizenship	Robert Genn was born in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada to an English mother and Scottish father.	Robert Genn	Canada
country of citizenship	Arthur Skinner (1874--1940) was a notable New Zealand policeman and athlete.	Arthur Skinner	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Barney O'Shaughnessy (28 February 1912 -- 27 May 2007) was an Australian cricketer who played a single first-class match for Western Australia.	Barney O'Shaughnessy	Australia
country of citizenship	Michiel Dudok van Heel (20 October 1924 -- 30 October 2003) was a sailor from the Netherlands.	Michiel Dudok van Heel	Netherlands
country of citizenship	The attempt failed, however in January 1982 a Thai Ranger squad from Pak Thong Chai, together with units from the Border Patrol Police and the Royal Thai Army, was used to force Khun Sa to move his headquarters from Ban Hin Taek across the border into Myanmar.	Khun Sa	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Guðmundur Andri Thorsson is an editor, critic, and author born in Iceland on 31 December 1957.	Guðmundur Andri Thorsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Debbie Mathieson is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at an international level.	Debbie Mathieson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rubén Horacio Galletti (born 10 September 1950 in Buenos Aires) is a former Argentine football who two Primera División championships and played for the Argentina national team.	Rubén Horacio Galletti	Argentina
country of citizenship	Wenzu Mintoff is a judge in the Superior Courts of Malta.	Wenzu Mintoff	Malta
country of citizenship	James Rankine (1828 -- 8 September 1897), often referred to as ``Captain Rankine'', was a farmer, businessman and politician in the early days of the Colony of South Australia.	James Rankine	Australia
country of citizenship	Washington Malianga (21 June 1926 -- 22 June 2014) is one of several leaders of the Zimbabwe African People's Union who left ZAPU in 1963 and founded the Zimbabwe African National Union.	Washington Malianga	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	Rosa Lobato de Faria (20 April 1932 in Lisbon, Portugal -- 2 February 2010 in Lisbon) was a Portuguese actress and writer whose career encompassed a variety of media including acting, scriptwriting, literature (novels and poetry) and songwriting.	Rosa Lobato de Faria	Portugal
country of citizenship	Arthur Hume (c.1838 -- 2 February 1918) was an Irish-born British military officer and New Zealand civil servant.	Arthur Hume	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jakob Benzelius (February 25, 1683, Uppsala -- June 29, 1747) was Archbishop of Uppsala in the Church of Sweden from 1744 to his death.	Jakob Benzelius	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ntone Edjabe was born in Douala, Cameroon, and he moved to Lagos, where he began his studies.	Ntone Edjabe	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Seldon Hunt (born 1969, in Melbourne, Australia and migrated to New York in 2006, (now residing in Brooklyn)) is an artist best known for his photography and his graphic artwork (on album covers and promotional poster) for rock musicians.	Seldon Hunt	Australia
country of citizenship	Guido Guerrini (born 12 January 1976 in Arezzo, Italy) is an Italian rally driver and traveler, the first person to go from Europe to China covering the whole route by a gas-fuelled car.	Guido Guerrini	Italy
country of citizenship	Elano earned 50 caps for Brazil between 2004 and 2011, scoring nine goals.	Elano	Brazil
country of citizenship	João Pedro da Cruz (born 31 October 1915, Évora, Portugal - 7 July 1981) known as João Cruz was a Portuguese football player who played forward for Vitória Setúbal and Sporting CP.	João Cruz	Portugal
country of citizenship	Cathy Olesen MLA, (born c. 1961) is a politician in Alberta, Canada.	Cathy Olesen	Canada
country of citizenship	Jeffrey Xu (born October 3, 1988), is a Chinese actor and MediaCorp artiste based in Singapore.	Jeffrey Xu	Singapore
country of citizenship	George Cannon McMurtry (14 November 1867 -- 29 September 1918) was a New Zealand scientist, smelting engineer, mining manager and consultant, orchardist.	George Cannon McMurtry	New Zealand
country of citizenship	In 2002, Ammar Souayah signed as the coach of the Tunisia national team and led the team at the FIFA World Cup.	Ammar Souayah	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Claudia Sersun (born Slobozia-Duşca) is a politician and activist from Moldova.	Claudia Sersun	Moldova
country of citizenship	Olav Brænden described his experience during the Nazi occupation of Norway as follows:	Olav Brænden	Norway
country of citizenship	Mujahid Kamran (born 23 January 1951) is a Pakistani theoretical physicist and the current vice-chancellor of the University of the Punjab in Lahore, Pakistan.	Mujahid Kamran	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Francis Osborne Riviere (born 1932?) is a former Foreign Minister of Dominica.	Osborne Riviere	Dominica
country of citizenship	Massive Dread (born Dennis James, c. 1960, Trenchtown, Jamaica -- 1994) was a reggae deejay who first recorded in the late 1970s for Tapper Zukie, and came to prominence in the early 1980s, touring with Byron Lee and The Dragonaires.	Massive Dread	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Vugar Aslanov (born 1964 in Goranboy, Azerbaijan) is a writer and journalist from Azerbaijan.	Vugar Aslanov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Mihai Marinescu (born 25 January 1989 in Braşov, Romania) is a professional Romanian racing driver currently competing in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series.	Mihai Marinescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Phyllis Joyce McClean Punnett ( March 17, 1917 -- October 12, 2004) was a musician and writer known for writing the lyrics of ``Saint Vincent, Land so beautiful'', the national anthem of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in 1967.	Phyllis Joyce McClean Punnett	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
country of citizenship	Pierre Weilbrenner (January 17, 1771 -- August 7, 1840) was a land surveyor, merchant and political figure in Lower Canada.	Pierre Weilbrenner	Canada
country of citizenship	Marcus Pfister (* July 30, 1960 in Bern, Switzerland) is a Swiss author and illustrator of children's picture books.	Marcus Pfister	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Khúc Thừa Mỹ (chữ Hán: 曲承美; pinyin: Qū Chéngměi; governed: 918--923 or 918--930) was a self-declared jiedushi of northern Vietnam under China's Later Liang.	Khúc Thừa Mỹ	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Mayra Matos Pérez (born August 28, 1988 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican actress, writer, fashion model and beauty pageant titleholder who held the title of Miss Teen International 2006 and Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2009.	Mayra Matos	Puerto Rico
country of citizenship	John Davies Ormond (1831 -- 6 October 1917) was a New Zealand politician whose positions included Superintendent of Hawke's Bay Province, Minister of Public Works and member of the New Zealand Legislative Council.	John Davies Ormond	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pt. Vishnu Keshav Utturkar (Joshi) (1882--1957) was an actor in Kirloskar Natak Mandali, the pioneer Marathi Natya Sangeet performing company in India.	Pt. Vishnu Keshav Utturkar (Joshi)	India
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Thái Nguyên, sometimes known as Vincent Nhat Le, is a Vietnamese actor raised in the rural Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.	Nguyễn Thái Nguyên	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Carlos Prio-Touzet (born 5 February 1955 in Havana, Cuba), is an architect in Miami, Florida.	Carlos Prio-Touzet	Cuba
country of citizenship	Pierre de Lagrené (or Pierre Lagrené) (1659, Paris--November 24, 1736, Quebec) was a missionary in New France.	Pierre de Lagrené	France
country of citizenship	Lahcen Ikassrien is a citizen of Morocco who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detainment camps, in Cuba.	Lahcen Ikassrien	Morocco
country of citizenship	Ivo Josipović (pronounced (ǐːʋo josǐːpoʋit͡ɕ); born 28 August 1957) is a Croatian jurist, composer and politician who served as the 3rd President of Croatia from 2010 to 2015.	Ivo Josipović	Croatia
country of citizenship	Óscar Arias Sánchez (born 13 September 1940 in Heredia, Costa Rica) was President of Costa Rica from 1986 to 1990 and from 2006 to 2010.	Óscar Arias	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Horst Stramka, better known by his stage name Horst Baron, (born 1962 in Germany) is a German pornographic film actor.	Horst Baron	Germany
country of citizenship	Raden Ajeng Kustiyah Wulaningish Retno Edhi (1752--1838), better known as Nyi Ageng Serang, is a National Heroine of Indonesia.	Nyi Ageng Serang	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Cliff Beverley (born 25 March 1977 in New Zealand) is a former professional rugby league player.	Cliff Beverley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pilar Mendiola Fernández was born in Xalapa, the State capital of Veracruz, Mexico in 1971.	Pilar Mendiola Fernández	Mexico
country of citizenship	Natan Bernot is a mechanical engineer, energy engineering and energy development specialist and a former Yugoslav slalom canoeist from Slovenia who competed from the mid-1950s to the late 1960s.	Natan Bernot	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Wincenty Niemojowski (1784-1834) was a Polish political activist in Congress Poland.	Wincenty Niemojowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Patrick Brachner (born January 7, 1992 in Austria) is an alpine skier who now represents Azerbaijan.	Patrick Brachner	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	David Blamires is a vocalist and composer and was born in Bradford, England but moved to Toronto, Canada and is one of Canada's most versatile and sought after session musicians.	David Blamires	Canada
country of citizenship	Memoar (Indonesian) by Ali Sadikin, Ramadhan K. H., Jakarta Raya (Indonesia) Pustaka Sinar Harapan.	Ali Sadikin	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Kostyantyn Doroshenko (Ukrainian: Костянтин Володимирович Дорошенко; born 29 October 1972, Kiev, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukraine Art critic, contemporary art curator, media manager, radio host of talk radio station Radio Vesti (Ukraine).	Kostyantyn Doroshenko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Edurne Pasaban Lizarribar (born August 1, 1973) is a Basque Spanish mountaineer, from Tolosa, in the province of Gipuzkoa in the Basque Country, Spain.	Edurne Pasaban	Spain
country of citizenship	Ulrike Mai (born 6 January 1960 in Dresden, Germany as Ulrike Kunze) is a German television, movie, voice and theater actress.	Ulrike Mai	Germany
country of citizenship	Gerhard Damköhler was born on 16 March 1908 in Klingenmunster in West Central Germany, the son of a physician.	Gerhard Damköhler	Germany
country of citizenship	Giacomo Vassanelli (born May 5, 1983 in Verona) is a freestyle swimmer from Italy, who won the gold medal in the men's 4×100 metres freestyle event at the 2004 European Championships.	Giacomo Vassanelli	Italy
country of citizenship	From early 1914 to 9 February 1919 Udo von Woyrsch served with the Germany Army as an Oberleutnant (first lieutenant) in the Great War.	Udo von Woyrsch	Germany
country of citizenship	Aziz Ben Askar (born on March 30, 1976 in Château-Gontier, France) is a former Moroccan footballer.	Aziz Ben Askar	France
country of citizenship	Phạm Hùng Dũng (born on 28 September 1978 in Đà Nẵng, Vietnam) is a retired Vietnamese football player.	Phạm Hùng Dũng	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Michel Auder (born in Soissons France in 1945) is a French photographer and filmmaker.	Michel Auder	France
country of citizenship	Manuel Herz is an architect with his own practice in Basel, Switzerland and Cologne, Germany.	Manuel Herz	Germany
country of citizenship	Salh d'Escola (Occitan: (ˈsaʎ desˈkɔlɔ); fl. 1195) was a troubadour from Bergerac in the Périgord, a former province of France.	Salh d'Escola	France
country of citizenship	Arthur Somers-Cocks (19 May 1870 -- 9 February 1923) was an English-born West Indian cricketer: a right-handed batsman and right arm fast bowler who played ten first-class games for Barbados around the turn of the twentieth century.	Arthur Somers-Cocks	Barbados
country of citizenship	Simbhoonath Capildeo was born in 1914 and died in 1990 was a Trinidad and Tobago prominent Hindu politician and lawyer he was born in Chaguanas.	Simbhoonath Capildeo	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Guy Stéphan, born October 17, 1956 in Ploumilliau, France, is a football manager, currently an assistant coach at Olympique de Marseille.	Guy Stéphan	France
country of citizenship	Joseph Ngoua (12 May 1923 -- 1999) was the foreign minister of Gabon in 1963 to 1964.	Joseph Ngoua	Gabon
country of citizenship	Kyaw Swa Khaing (Burmese: ကျော်စွာခိုင်, variously spelt Kyaw Swar Khaing, Kyaw Swar Khine) was the Minister of the President's Office of Myanmar (Burma) and a former Deputy Minister for Industry-2.	Kyaw Swa Khaing	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Ravindra Varma (9 April 1925 -- 10 October 2006) was the Minister for Labour and Parliamentary Affairs in the Morarji Desai Ministry in India from 1977 to 1979.	Ravindra Varma	India
country of citizenship	Wojciech Jurkiewicz (born June 21, 1977 in Lubin) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland men's national volleyball team in 2005-2007 and Polish club Transfer Bydgoszcz.	Wojciech Jurkiewicz	Poland
country of citizenship	Jack Blum is a Canadian writer, producer, director, story editor, actor, educator and communications consultant based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Jack Blum	Canada
country of citizenship	Moana Jackson is a New Zealand Māori lawyer specialising in Treaty of Waitangi and constitutional issues.	Moana Jackson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Talia Fowler is a dancer who won the 2009 So You Think You Can Dance Australia.	Talia Fowler	Australia
country of citizenship	Tyson Keats (born 6 June 1981) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays for London Welsh in the English Premiership.	Tyson Keats	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Fleur Saville (born 14 July 1984, in Auckland) is a New Zealand television actress best known for her roles in the television sitcoms Being Eve and The Tribe in which she became known to international audiences for her portrayal of Ruby.	Fleur Saville	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Van Ranst was an equestrian and Olympic champion from Belgium.	Van Ranst	Belgium
country of citizenship	Jef Gaitan (born September 21, 1989) is a Filipino actress who first started as a TV commercial model and the year 2009 she joined Survivor Philippines Palau which was aired on GMA Network.	Jef Gaitan	Philippines
country of citizenship	María Leoba Castañeda Rivas (born Colima, Mexico) is a law professor.	María Leoba Castañeda Rivas	Mexico
country of citizenship	Jean Ulveling (born 3 April 1796 in Nidderwolz - died 7 December 1878 in Luxembourg City) was a Luxembourgian statesman, politician, and historian.	Jean Ulveling	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Wagneau Eloi (born 11 September 1973 in Port-au-Prince, Haiti) is a Haitian former international footballer, playing as a striker during his career.	Wagneau Eloi	Haiti
country of citizenship	During the following years Tatjana Alexander worked on three television crime movies in Germany - Tatort Wolf Im Schafpelz, Sechs Zum Essen und Unsterblich Schön - all directed by Filippos Tsitos.	Tatjana Alexander	Germany
country of citizenship	Camilo Romero (born March 30, 1970 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a retired professional footballer from Mexico, who played as a left back during his career.	Camilo Romero	Mexico
country of citizenship	James Alexander Robertson Menzies (21 February 1821 -- 18 August 1888) was the first Superintendent of the Southland Province in New Zealand from 3 August 1861 to November 1864 during its breakaway from Otago Province (1861 to 1870).	James Alexander Robertson Menzies	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Derek Turnbull (born 5 December 1926 in Waikaka, New Zealand - 2 November 2006) was a New Zealand runner.	Derek Turnbull	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pelantaro and his lieutenants Anganamon and Guaiquimilla were credited with the death of the second Spanish Governor of Chile, Martín García Óñez de Loyola, during the Battle of Curalaba on December 21, 1598.	Pelantaro	Chile
country of citizenship	Yohio was born in Stockholm, Sweden on 12 July 1995 and is the son of Tommy Rehn of the Swedish heavy metal band Corroded, and Johanna Eires.	Yohio	Sweden
country of citizenship	Enmegahbowh (c. 1820 -- June 12, 1902; from Enami'egaabaw, meaning ``He that prays (for his people while) standing''; also known as John Johnson) was the first Native American to be ordained a priest in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.	Enmegahbowh	United States of America
country of citizenship	John Riddoch (27 October 1827 -- 15 July 1901) was a pastoralist and politician in the State of South Australia, brother and business partner of George Riddoch.	John Riddoch	Australia
country of citizenship	Miguel Osório de Almeida (September 1, 1890; December 2, 1952. both in Rio de Janeiro) was a noted Brazilian physician and scientist, brother of another scientist, Álvaro Osório de Almeida, both considered the fathers of modern physiology in Brazil.	Miguel Osório de Almeida	Brazil
country of citizenship	Peter Paul Fuchs was born on October 30, 1916 in Vienna, Austria, son of Dr. Adolf Fuchs, a well known heart specialist, and Marianne Rusicka, a piano teacher.	Peter Paul Fuchs	Austria
country of citizenship	Yasser Ayyash (born December 4, 1955 in Shatana in Irbid, Jordan) is a former Archbishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Petra and Philadelphia in Amman.	Yasser Ayyash	Jordan
country of citizenship	Lee Kyung-jae (born 1954 in Takatsuki, Osaka Prefecture) is an ethnic Korean community organiser in Japan.	Lee Kyung-jae	Japan
country of citizenship	Ludwig Büchner's materialism was the founding ground for the freethinkers' movement in Germany.	Ludwig Büchner	Germany
country of citizenship	Russell Harrison is a New Zealand television presenter, vocalist and musician, best known as presenter for the televised weekly Lotto draw.	Russell Harrison	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Arturo Márquez (born 20 December 1950) is a Mexican composer of orchestral music who uses musical forms and styles of his native Mexico and incorporates them into his compositions.	Arturo Márquez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Raised in the Congo, Mohombi and his family escaped the war-torn country for Stockholm, Sweden in 1999 when Mohombi was 13.	Mohombi	Sweden
country of citizenship	Moti Lal Bohora was the chief of Nepal Police from 1993-1997.	Moti Lal Bohora	Nepal
country of citizenship	Enrique Almaraz y Santos S.T.D. (22 September 1847 -- 22 January 1922) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Archbishop of Seville and, later, Archbishop of Toledo and so Primate of Spain.	Enrique Almaraz y Santos	Spain
country of citizenship	Kolo Christopher Laurent Roger, commonly known as Roger Kolo (born 3 September 1943), was Prime Minister of Madagascar from April 2014 to January 2015.	Roger Kolo	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Dilara Türk was born to Turkish immigrant parents in Kulmbach, Germany on July 30, 1996.	Dilara Türk	Germany
country of citizenship	Magali Babin (born 1967) is a musician, composer and sound artist based primarily in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Magali Babin	Canada
country of citizenship	Sofia Areal, born in Lisbon, Portugal in 1960, is a painter.	Sofia Areal	Portugal
country of citizenship	Abdulkadir Balarabe Musa (born 21 August 1936) is a left-wing Nigerian politician who was elected Governor of Kaduna State, Nigeria during the Nigerian Second Republic, holding office from October 1979 until he was impeached on 23 June 1981.	Abdulkadir Balarabe Musa	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Munna Shukla (born December 7, 1943) is a Kathak guru and choreographer of Lucknow Gharana based in New Delhi, India.	Munna Shukla	India
country of citizenship	Patrick Juvet (born 21 August 1950, in Montreux, Switzerland) is a former model turned singer-songwriter, who had a string of hit records in France.	Patrick Juvet	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Thirunalloor Karunakaran (8 October 1924 -- 5 July 2006) was a renowned poet, scholar, teacher and leftist intellectual of Kerala, India.	Thirunalloor Karunakaran	India
country of citizenship	Tilak Pariyar (Nepali: तिलक परियार) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Tilak Pariyar	Nepal
country of citizenship	Kätlin Valdmets is an Estonian beauty queen and model who won the title of Miss Estonia in 2012.	Kätlin Valdmets	Estonia
country of citizenship	Michael Pickens (born 7 January 1983) is a racecar driver from Birkenhead near Auckland, New Zealand.	Michael Pickens	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Severino Varela Puente (September 14, 1913 -- July 29, 1995) was an Uruguayan football striker who played for the Uruguay national team on 24 occasions, scoring 19 goals.	Severino Varela	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Eleni Karaindrou (Greek: Ελένη Καραΐνδρου) (born 1941) is a Greek composer, born in the village of Teichio in Phocis, Central Greece, on November 25, 1941.	Eleni Karaindrou	Greece
country of citizenship	S. D. Shibulal (born 1 March 1955, in Alappuzha, India), better known as Shibulal, is an Indian business executive.	S. D. Shibulal	India
country of citizenship	Theeradej Wongpuapan (Ken) (Thai: ธีรเดช วงศ์พัวพันธ์) (born December 3, 1977 in Bangkok, Thailand), is a Thai actor, model and presenter.	Theeradej Wongpuapan	Thailand
country of citizenship	Professor Justice Tawia Modibo Ocran (September 12, 1942 -- October 27, 2008) was an academic and a Supreme Court Judge in Ghana.	Tawia Modibo Ocran	Ghana
country of citizenship	Abhijit Sen is a present member of the Planning Commission of India.	Abhijit Sen	India
country of citizenship	Alhassan Azong (born 18 December 1965) is a Ghanaian politician and the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Builsa South constituency in Ghana.	Alhassan Azong	Ghana
country of citizenship	Linn Haug (born 6 March 1990) is a Norwegian snowboarder from Trondheim, Norway.	Linn Haug	Norway
country of citizenship	Anthony Bonaccurso is a Paralympic alpine skier and tennis player competitor from Australia.	Anthony Bonaccurso	Australia
country of citizenship	George Arthur Brethen (born August 29, 1877 in Norwood, Ontario, Canada-died January 31, 1968) was a Canadian politician and farmer.	George Arthur Brethen	Canada
country of citizenship	Sarah Podorieszach (born June 5, 1989) is a Canadian-born, Italian luger who has competed since 2001 and for Italy since 2005.	Sarah Podorieszach	Italy
country of citizenship	N.E. Balaram (Njalile Veettil Edavalathu Balaraman) (1919--1994) was one of the founding leaders of the communist movement in Kerala, India.	N.E. Balaram	India
country of citizenship	Arkady Mikhailovich Chernetsky (Russian: Арка́дий Миха́йлович Черне́цкий) (born May 8, 1950) is a Russian politician who has served as Mayor of Yekaterinburg, Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia since January 1992 to November 2, 2010.	Arkady Mikhailovich Chernetsky	Russia
country of citizenship	Myra Cohen (12 May 1892--16 November 1959) was a New Zealand barber, dental assistant, entertainer and milliner.	Myra Cohen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gwgon ap Meurig (died c. 871) was a 9th-century king of Ceredigion and Ystrad Tywi (i.e., Seisyllwg) in southwest Wales.	Gwgon	Wales
country of citizenship	Saeid Shirini or Saad Shirini (سعید شیرینی in Persian, born on 6 January 1963 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian businessman and the former team manager of Persepolis.	Saeid Shirini	Iran
country of citizenship	Alhaji Sheikh Abubakre Sidiq Bello (Aiyepe) RTA born in Aiyepe town of Ijebu, Ogun State Nigeria some decades ago.	Sheikh Abubakre Sidiq Bello	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Caroline Amelia Elizabeth of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel (17 May 1768 -- 7 August 1821), best known as Caroline of Brunswick, was Queen of the United Kingdom as the wife of King George IV from 29 January 1820 until her death in 1821.	Caroline of Brunswick	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Patrick Bellew is an environmental engineer, one of United Kingdom's Royal Designers and a Chartered Building services engineer.	Patrick Bellew	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Mark Allan Robinson (born January 20, 1975 in Penticton, British Columbia, Canada) was the proponent of the first successful campaign in Canadian history to remove an elected politician from public office by use of a recall petition.	Mark Allan Robinson	Canada
country of citizenship	Gaspard Wuta Mayi, commonly known as Wuta Mayi, is a soukous recording artist, composer and vocalist, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Wuta Mayi	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Born in Santiago de Cuba, Anier García established his credentials early, by winning the 1995 Pan American Junior Championships.	Anier García	Cuba
country of citizenship	Volker Mai (born 3 May 1966 in Templin) is a former triple jumper who represented East Germany.	Volker Mai	East Germany
country of citizenship	Cecilia Ragnarsson (born July 3, 1986 in Sala) is a Swedish actress, model and beauty pageant titleholder and winner of Miss International Sweden 2010.	Cecilia Ragnarsson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ludvik Zajc (1943--2011) was a ski jumper who competed for Yugoslavia.	Ludvik Zajc	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Omar Ould Hamaha (or Oumar Ould Hamaha, Hakka; 5 July 1963 - March 8, 2014) was an Islamist militia commander from Northern Mali.	Omar Ould Hamaha	Mali
country of citizenship	Juan Daniel Cardellino de San Vicente (March 4, 1942 -- September 8, 2007) was a football (soccer) referee from Uruguay, who officiated at two FIFA World Cups: 1982 (two matches) and 1990 (one match).	Juan Daniel Cardellino	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Michala Petri (born 7 July 1958 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Danish recorder player.	Michala Petri	Denmark
country of citizenship	Justin Quek (郭文秀, pinyin: Guō Wénxìu; born on 30 March 1962 in Singapore) is a Singaporean chef based in Singapore.	Justin Quek	Singapore
country of citizenship	Andi Lila (born 12 February 1986 in Kavajë) is an Albanian footballer who plays for Greek club PAS Giannina and the Albania national team.	Andi Lila	Albania
country of citizenship	Donatas Montvydas (born 22 October 1987), better known by his stage name Donny Montell, is a Lithuanian singer-songwriter who represented Lithuania at the Eurovision Song Contest 2012, held in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Donny Montell	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Oleksandr Sytnyk (born 2 January 1985, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender.	Oleksandr Sytnyk	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Vincent Ribeton is a French Roman Catholic priest, and the regional superior of the Priestly Fraternity of St. Peter in France, one of the largest missions for the fraternity.	Vincent Ribeton	France
country of citizenship	Emin Iskenderov (Эмин Искендеров; Moscow, 15 February 1976) is a Russia-born real estate developer and businessman based in Paris (France) and known for the mixed use twin towers project Hermitage Plaza.	Emin Iskenderov	Russia
country of citizenship	Grigore II Ghica was Voivode (Prince) of Moldavia at four different intervals -- from October 1726 to April 16, 1733, from November 27, 1735 to 14 September 1739, from October 1739 to September 1741 and from May 1747 to April 1748 -- and twice Voivode (Prince) of Wallachia:	Grigore II Ghica	Moldavia	Wallachia
country of citizenship	Nông Văn Vân (農文雲, ?--1835) was the leader of a peasant revolt in Vietnam from 1833-1835.	Nông Văn Vân	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Isidro Chávez Espinoza (born Angostura, Sinaloa, Mexico, 29 October 1981), better known as Espinoza Paz, is a Latin Grammy nominated Mexican musician and composer of Mexican Regional music.	Espinoza Paz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Stuart Chambers (born 14 September 1937 in Auckland) is a New Zealand ornithologist.	Stuart Chambers	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ali Samereh (born November 23, 1977 in Rafsanjan, Iran) is a retired Iranian football player who played for famous Iranian clubs, Fajr Sepasi, Esteghlal and Mes Kerman.	Ali Samereh	Iran
country of citizenship	Before Ole Scheeren joined Rem Koolhaas and OMA in 1995 and became partner in 2002, he worked for architecture firms in Germany; collaborated with 2x4, a graphic design firm in New York; and was engaged in a range of projects through his own studio in the United Kingdom.	Ole Scheeren	Germany
country of citizenship	Aung Kyi is a retired major general in the Myanmar Armed Forces.	Aung Kyi	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Bernd Luz (born May 20, 1966 in Rottweil, Germany) is a contemporary German visual artist and communication designer, whose work bridges the divide between independent art and commissioned work, the abstract and objective.	Bernd Luz	Germany
country of citizenship	Pierre-Louis Dieufaite (né Jude Dieuly Pierre-Louis) (October 13, 1983 -- November 6, 2014) was a Haitian actor, best known for his supporting role in the award-winning film Love Me Haiti, the first and only film he ever starred in and became a stellar.	Pierre-Louis Dieufaite	Haiti
country of citizenship	Renée Doria (born 13 February 1921) is a French opera singer, one of the leading lyric coloratura sopranos of her era in France.	Renée Doria	France
country of citizenship	Sonika Keturah Jermina Mckie (born October 21, 1988), known mononymously as Sonika, is a Grenadian singer-songwriter and recording artist, based in the Eastern Caribbean island of Grenada.	Sonika	Grenada
country of citizenship	Stewart Downing (born 22 July 1984) is an English professional footballer who plays for Middlesbrough and the England national team.	Stewart Downing	England
country of citizenship	Bernard Chrzanowski (27 July 1861, Wojnowice, Nowy Tomyśl County - 12 December 1944, Konstancin) was a Polish social and political activist, president of the Union of the Greater Poland Falcons (Związek Sokołów Wielkopolskich) ``Sokół''.	Bernard Chrzanowski	Poland
country of citizenship	György Jánosi was the Chairman of the National Assembly of Hungary's Committee of Education between 1996 and 2010.	György Jánosi	Hungary
country of citizenship	Chenrop Samphaodi (Thai: เจนรบ สำเภาดี, born June 2, 1995), simply known as Chen (Thai: เจน), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Chenrop Samphaodi	Thailand
country of citizenship	Heini Otto (born 24 August 1954 in Amsterdam, North Holland) is a retired football player from the Netherlands.	Heini Otto	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Frank Winfird Millar (20 September 1885--4 September 1944) was a notable New Zealand public servant and union official.	Frank Winfird Millar	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Andrea Bacci is a race car driver born in Florence, Italy on 14 April 1972.	Andrea Bacci	Italy
country of citizenship	Anthony O'Neill (born 1964 in Melbourne Australia) is a fiction writer.	Anthony O'Neill	Australia
country of citizenship	With his successful ruling in both military and civil matters, Trần Thánh Tông was considered as one of the greatest emperors of not only the Trần dynasty but also the whole dynastic era in the History of Vietnam.	Trần Thánh Tông	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Luis Moglia Barth (April 12, 1903 - June 18, 1984 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine film director and screenwriter, and one of the influential directors in the Cinema of Argentina of the classic era.	Luis Moglia Barth	Argentina
country of citizenship	Frederick George Gurnsey (18 January 1868--23 October 1953) was a New Zealand carver and art teacher.	Frederick George Gurnsey	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christine Arthur (born 26 August 1963 in Stratford, New Zealand) played field hockey for New Zealand in the 1980s and 1990s.	Christine Arthur	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mustapha Tettey Addy (born 1942 in Avenor, Accra, Ghana) is a Ghanaian master drummer and ethnomusicologist.	Mustapha Tettey Addy	Ghana
country of citizenship	Beqir Balluku (February 14, 1917 -- November 5, 1974) was an Albanian politician, military leader, and Minister of Defense of Albania.	Beqir Balluku	Albania
country of citizenship	Benjamin Pettit, better known by his stage name DJ Zinc, is a DJ from the United Kingdom.	DJ Zinc	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Bharat Ram Meghwal (born 11 Jan 1956) is an Indian Politician belonging to the Indian National Congress.He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from Ganganagar Rajasthan in 2009.	Bharat Ram Meghwal	India
country of citizenship	Stefano Vavoli (born 30 December 1960 in Terracina, Italy) is an Italian retired footballer.	Stefano Vavoli	Italy
country of citizenship	However, it is possible that Zosimus confused this usurper with Lucius Julius Aurelius Sulpicius Severus Uranius Antoninus, who, according to numismatical evidence, reigned much later: in Syria, in 254, coins were struck bearing his name.	Uranius	Syria
country of citizenship	Baruto Kaito (把瑠都 凱斗, born 5 November 1984 as Kaido Höövelson) is a former professional sumo wrestler and current mixed martial arts fighter from Estonia.	Baruto Kaito	Estonia
country of citizenship	Osmel Sousa was born in Rodas, a town in the province of Cienfuegos in Cuba.	Osmel Sousa	Cuba
country of citizenship	Mirza Azeem Baig Chughtai (December 30, 1928 -- February 17, 2009), known in literary circles by his pen name Shabnam Romani (Urdu: شبنم رومانی ‎), was a renowned Urdu poet based in Karachi, Pakistan.	Shabnam Romani	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Professor Dato' Dr. Muhamad Rasat Muhamad (1953-2015) was the third president of the Multimedia University (MMU) in Malaysia.	Muhamad Rasat Muhamad	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Gizella Bodnár (born October 18, 1926 in Miskolc, Hungary) known as Repülős Gizi (``Airplane Gizi'') is a Hungarian criminal, who became known in the early 1950s.	Gizella Bodnár	Hungary
country of citizenship	Elizabeth Ann Jolene Luciano Winsett (born October 31, 1949), known by the stage name Liza Lorena, is a Filipino former beauty queen and multi-awarded actress in the Philippines.	Liza Lorena	Philippines
country of citizenship	Vlad Mugur (b. June 22, 1927, Bucharest, Romania; d. July 22, 2001, Munich, Germany) was a Romanian-born German theater director.	Vlad Mugur	Romania
country of citizenship	Nadya Romeo (sometimes Nadia Romeo) (born 1 June 1971 in Perth, Western Australia)) is a wheelchair basketball player from Australia.	Nadya Romeo	Australia
country of citizenship	Blyth Tait (born 10 May 1961 in Whangarei) is a New Zealand equestrian.	Blyth Tait	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Enrique Rabinovich Pollack better known as Enrique Novi (born April 21, 1947 in Mexico City, Mexico), is an Mexican actor.	Enrique Novi	Mexico
country of citizenship	Esteri Tomula (October 31, 1920 in Helsinki, Finland -- 1998) was a designer who worked at the Arabia ceramics factory in Helsinki, Finland from 1947-1984.	Esteri Tomula	Finland
country of citizenship	Chintaman Vinayak Vaidya (1861--1938) was a Marathi-language historian and writer from Maharashtra, India.	Chintaman Vinayak Vaidya	India
country of citizenship	Qazim Koculi (August 22, 1887 -- January 2, 1943) was an Albanian politician of the early 20th century and one-day acting Prime Minister of Albania.	Qazim Koculi	Albania
country of citizenship	Robert Patterson Grant (April 12, 1814 -- November 13, 1892) was a Scottish-born merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Robert Patterson Grant	Canada
country of citizenship	Fernando Vallejo Rendón (born 1942 in Medellín, Colombia) is a novelist, filmmaker and essayist, born in Colombia.	Fernando Vallejo	Colombia
country of citizenship	Nicola Pellegrini (born Milan, Italy, 1962) is an artist, curator, and architect; a conceptual artist working with photography, installation and video.	Nicola Pellegrini	Italy
country of citizenship	Obdulio Diano (October 27, 1919 in Bernal, Argentina -- February 19, 2007 in Mar del Plata, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for clubs of Argentine and Chile.	Obdulio Diano	Argentina
country of citizenship	Kuldip Singh (born 1 January 1932) is an Indian attorney and former member of the Supreme Court of India.	Kuldip Singh	India
country of citizenship	Salvador Yaméogo is a politician who held the position of Minister of Transportation and Tourism in the government of Burkina Faso.	Salvador Yaméogo	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	Pearce Hanley (born 1988 in Ireland) is an Australian rules footballer playing with the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Pearce Hanley	Ireland
country of citizenship	Nizar Hamdoon (1944 - July 4, 2003) was Iraq's ambassador to United States from 1984 to 1988 and the United Nations from 1992 to 1998.	Nizar Hamdoon	Iraq
country of citizenship	Guillermo Wiese de Osma (1927 in Paris -- April 27, 1999 in Lima, Peru) was a Peruvian businessman and lawyer.	Guillermo Wiese de Osma	Peru
country of citizenship	David Mitrani Arenal (born May 12, 1966 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban writer, belonging to a generation that once was called novísimos.	David Mitrani Arenal	Cuba
country of citizenship	Kora Karvouni (Greek: Κόρα Καρβούνη) (born 22 April 1980 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek stage and television actress.	Kora Karvouni	Greece
country of citizenship	Ahmad Ahi (Persian: احمد آهی‎; born 1985) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Malavan in the Iran's Premier Football League.	Ahmad Ahi	Iran
country of citizenship	María Negroni (born 1951 Rosario, Argentina) is an Argentinian poet, essayist, novelist and translator.	María Negroni	Argentina
country of citizenship	Sylvian Mahuza (born 29 July 1993 in George, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with Varsity Cup side NWU Pukke.	Sylvian Mahuza	South Africa
country of citizenship	Ronnie Wong Man-chiu, JP (Chinese: 王敏超, born 3 April 1952) is a Hong Kong politician, businessman and retired swimmer.	Ronnie Wong	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Born on October 27, 1951 in Rome, Italy, Yordano moved with his parents to Caracas at an early age and was educated in the common schools there.	Yordano	Italy
country of citizenship	Ali Shakouri-Rad (علی شکوری راد) is an Iranian reformist politician and a member of Islamic Iran Participation Front's Central Council.	Ali Shakouri-Rad	Iran
country of citizenship	Yuri Romanov (born 24 July 1982, Minsk, Belarus) is a Belarusian professional boxer who fights in the lightweight division.	Yuri Romanov	Belarus
country of citizenship	Loyola Sullivan (born April 3, 1949) served as Canada's Ambassador for Fisheries Conservation from 2007 until 2011 and is a former Member of the House of Assembly in Newfoundland and Labrador.	Loyola Sullivan	Canada
country of citizenship	Nikolai Bartossik was born on April 5, 1951, in the Polkivnyche (Ivanky) Mankiwskyi Raion (District) in Cherkasy Oblast, Ukraine.	Nikolai Bartossik	Ukraine
country of citizenship	On August 29, 1978, shortly before the 1979 Islamic Revolution in Iran, Hayedeh emigrated to the United Kingdom.	Hayedeh	Iran
country of citizenship	In 1746--1749 Ivan Argunov studied painting with a German artist named Georg Grooth who at the time was in the employ of the Empress Elizabeth of Russia.	Ivan Argunov	Russia
country of citizenship	In the 1970s, Mary Bauermeister returned to Germany and began to occupy herself with marginal sciences, for example Geomancy, the science of energy structures in the earth.	Mary Bauermeister	Germany
country of citizenship	Sergey Budalov (Russian: Серге́й Будалов) (born in 1949) is a retired high jumper who represented the Soviet Union.	Sergey Budalov	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Oleg Rykhlevich (Russian: Олег Рухлевич; born July 2, 1974) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Belarus, who won the bronze medal in the men's 100 m freestyle event at the 1997 European Championships in Seville, Spain.	Oleg Rykhlevich	Belarus
country of citizenship	Ana Luísa Amaral was born in Lisbon, in 1956, and lives in the north of Portugal.	Ana Luísa Amaral	Portugal
country of citizenship	Vladimir Anatolyevich Yakovlev (Russian: Влади́мир Анато́льевич Я́ковлев; IPA: (vlɐˈdʲimʲɪr ɐnɐˈtolʲɪvʲɪtɕ ˈjakəvlʲɪf); born November 25, 1944, in Olyokminsk, Yakutia, Soviet Union) is a Russian politician, currently retired.	Vladimir Anatolyevich Yakovlev	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Yukari Tachibana (橘 ゆかり Tachibana Yukari; born 8 October 1965 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese actress.	Yukari Tachibana	Japan
country of citizenship	Alfonso Chase (born 1944 in Cartago, Costa Rica) is a contemporary Costa Rican author.	Alfonso Chase	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Sir James Douglas, 2nd Earl of Douglas and Mar (c. 1358 -- 14 August 1388) was an influential and powerful magnate in the Kingdom of Scotland.	James Douglas, 2nd Earl of Douglas	Scotland
country of citizenship	José Eliseo Salamanca Bermúdez (born October 24, 1979 in San Rafael Oriente, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran professional football player.	Eliseo Salamanca	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Karlheinz Smieszek (born 5 August 1948 in Kitzingen, Bavaria) is a sports shooter and Olympic Champion for West Germany.	Karlheinz Smieszek	Germany
country of citizenship	Andrew Stanley Keyworth (2 December 1923--25 July 1996) was a New Zealand master mariner.	Andrew Stanley Keyworth	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Moloya Goswami (Assamese: মলয়া গোস্বামী) is a popular actress from Assam, India.	Moloya Goswami	India
country of citizenship	Shridhar Phadke (Marathi: श्रीधर फडके, born 9 September 1950) is a composer and a singer from Maharashtra, India.	Shridhar Phadke	India
country of citizenship	William Mowbray (25 December 1835 -- 21 June 1916) was a New Zealand teacher and musician.	William Mowbray	New Zealand
country of citizenship	István Stadinger (born 27 January 1927) is a former Hungarian politician, who served as Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary between 1988 and 1989, until his resignation.	István Stadinger	Hungary
country of citizenship	Laksmi Rodríguez de la Sierra Solórzano (born November 19, 1985 in San Cristóbal) is a Venezuelan model and Miss Venezuela International 2008.	Laksmi Rodríguez	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Eduardo Nascimento (born 1944 in Luanda, Portuguese Angola) is an Angolan singer, best known for his participation on behalf of Portugal in the 1967 Eurovision Song Contest.	Eduardo Nascimento	Angola
country of citizenship	Mirosław Chmara (born 9 May 1964 in Bydgoszcz) is a retired pole vaulter from Poland.	Mirosław Chmara	Poland
country of citizenship	T. M. Chidambara Ragunathan (Tamil: தொ. மு. சிதம்பர ரகுநாதன் , 20 October 1923 -- 31 December 2001), was a Tamil, writer, translator, journalist and literary critic from Tamil Nadu, India.	T. M. Chidambara Ragunathan	India
country of citizenship	Miroslav Bukovsky (born Czechoslovakia) is one of Australia's leading jazz trumpeters and composer/arrangers.	Miroslav Bukovsky	Australia
country of citizenship	Athalaric (516 -- 2 October 534) was the King of the Ostrogoths in Italy.	Athalaric	Italy
country of citizenship	Martin Terefe (born 1969, Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish record producer and songwriter, now living and working in London who has produced Grammy, Brit and Juno award -winning albums with artists like Jason Mraz, James Morrison and KT Tunstall.	Martin Terefe	Sweden
country of citizenship	Shin A-lam (Korean: 신아람, born 23 September 1986 in Geumsan, Chungcheongnam-do) is a épée fencer from South Korea.	Shin A-lam	South Korea
country of citizenship	Paolo Federico Nocito (Milan, Italy, 8 September 1974), better known as Paolo Noise is an italian radio host, known to be in the show Lo Zoo di 105 broadcast by Radio 105 Network.	Paolo Noise	Italy
country of citizenship	Yair Lemos (born December 2, 1986 in Santana do Livramento, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Cerrito of the Uruguayan Primera División.	Yair Lemos	Brazil
country of citizenship	Domenico Scandella (1532--1599), also known as Menocchio, was a miller from Montereale, Italy, who in the 16th century was tried by the Inquisition for his unorthodox religious views, and burnt at the stake for heresy in 1599.	Menocchio	Italy
country of citizenship	Mohammed Ajeeb CBE is a former Lord Mayor of Bradford, and was the first Asian (Pakistani) Lord Mayor in the United Kingdom.	Mohammed Ajeeb	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Suleiman Nyambui (born February 13, 1953) is a former track athlete from Tanzania who specialized in various long-distance disciplines.	Suleiman Nyambui	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Frederick Nelson Jones (F N Jones) (4 May 1881--29 August 1962) was a New Zealand saddler, photographer, amusement park owner and inventor.	Frederick Nelson Jones	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christian Giantomassi (born April 22, 1973 in Badia Polesine, Veneto) is a former professional boxer from Italy, who won a bronze medal in the lightweight division (-- 60 kg) at the 1996 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Vejle, Denmark, alongside Vahdettin İşsever from Turkey.	Christian Giantomassi	Italy
country of citizenship	Lando Fiorini (born Leopoldo Fiorini in Rome, Italy 27 January 1938) is an Italian actor and singer.	Lando Fiorini	Italy
country of citizenship	Marc Marzenit (born Marc Martínez on March 27, 1983) is a DJ and music producer from Barcelona, Spain.	Marc Marzenit	Spain
country of citizenship	Rosemarie Wenner (born July 1, 1955 in Eppingen, Heilbronn, Baden-Württemberg) is the current Presiding Bishop of the United Methodist Church in Germany.	Rosemarie Wenner	Germany
country of citizenship	Varghese Johnson (born April 28, 1982) is an amateur boxer from India who repeatedly medaled in the Super Heavyweight (+ 91 kg) division.	Varghese Johnson	India
country of citizenship	Hasan Saka (1885, Akçaabat -- 29 July 1960) was a Turkish politician, Minister of Foreign Affairs, and Prime Minister of Turkey.	Hasan Saka	Turkey
country of citizenship	Max Hauke (born August 29, 1992) is a cross country skier from Austria.	Max Hauke	Austria
country of citizenship	Tshifhiwa Munyai is a professional boxer from South Africa who has competed in the bantamweight and featherweight divisions.	Tshifhiwa Munyai	South Africa
country of citizenship	Beatriz Alexim Nunes (born April 4, 1958 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) better known as Bia Nunnes, is a Brazilian actress.	Bia Nunnes	Brazil
country of citizenship	Nico Stehr (born 19 March 1942) is ``Karl Mannheim Professor for Cultural Studies'' at the Zeppelin University in Friedrichshafen / Germany and Founding Director of the European Center for Sustainability Research.	Nico Stehr	Germany
country of citizenship	Franz Krieger (1914--1993), was an Austrian businessman and photographer from Salzburg, Austria whose collection includes 35,000 photographs taken during the rise of Hitler, World War II, and the reconstruction afterwards.	Franz Krieger	Austria
country of citizenship	Véronique Fortin (born 22 January 1980) is a Canadian racing cyclist originally from St Georges de Beauce, Quebec, Canada.	Véronique Fortin	Canada
country of citizenship	François Demol (born 19 August 1895 in Beersel), nicknamed Protje, was a former Belgian international footballer and manager of Belgium.	François Demol	Belgium
country of citizenship	Thomas-Michael Gribow was conductor of the Akademische Orchestervereinigung in Göttingen, Germany from 1991-2003.	Thomas-Michael Gribow	Germany
country of citizenship	Essa Ismail Rashed (Arabic: عيسى اسماعيل راشد ; born Daniel Kipkosgei on 14 December 1986) is a long-distance runner now representing Qatar after his switch from Kenya in 2004.	Essa Ismail Rashed	Kenya
country of citizenship	Hasmik Karapetyan (in Armenian Հասմիկ Կարապետյան) (born in Yerevan, Armenia on 4 July 1977) is an Armenian pop singer.	Hasmik Karapetyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Alba Mujica (née Alba Mugica; 1916 in Carhué -- 1983 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentina film and stage actress.	Alba Mujica	Argentina
country of citizenship	Jon Ballantyne (born 1963 in Saskatchewan, Canada) is a pianist and composer who resides in New York City.	Jon Ballantyne	Canada
country of citizenship	James Shankar Singh (May 10, 1924 -- July 27, 2014) was a Fiji Indian farmer, businessman, social worker and politician who served as a Minister in the Alliance Government of Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara.	James Shankar Singh	Fiji
country of citizenship	Gilbert Le Chenadec (born 13 July 1938 in Languidic) is a retired French footballer who represented the France national football team.	Gilbert Le Chenadec	France
country of citizenship	Lin Sen (Chinese: 林森; pinyin: Lín Sēn; March 16, 1868 -- August 1, 1943), courtesy name Zichao (子超), sobriquet Changren (長仁), was Chairman of the National Government of the Republic of China from 1931 until his death.	Lin Sen	China
country of citizenship	Homenaje a Ricardo Maliandi, Universidad Nacional de Río Cuarto, Argentina, 1995, ISBN 978-950-665-019-3.	Ricardo Maliandi	Argentina
country of citizenship	Dr. Danladi Abdullahi Sankara is a Nigerian politician who is Senator for the Jigawa North-West constituency of Jigawa State, Nigeria.	Danladi Abdullahi Sankara	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Indu Jain belongs to the Sahu Jain family and is the current chairperson of India's largest media group, Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd., which owns the Times of India and other large newspapers.	Indu Jain	India
country of citizenship	Joseph Wilfred Arsenault (November 22, 1953 -- July 27, 2011) was a political figure on Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Wilfred Arsenault	Canada
country of citizenship	Sir Adeyemo Alakija was a newspaper entrepreneur who co-founded the Daily Times of Nigeria.	Adeyemo Alakija	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Henry George Ell (probably 24 September 1862 -- 27 June 1934), commonly known as Harry Ell, was a Christchurch City councillor and a New Zealand Member of Parliament.	Harry Ell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Stéfan Voléry, born 17 September 1961, is a former freestyle swimmer from Switzerland.	Stéfan Voléry	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Ernest Urdăreanu (1897--1985) was the Minister of the Court during the reign of King Carol II of Romania (1930--1940).	Ernest Urdăreanu	Romania
country of citizenship	Francesco Quinn was born in Rome, Italy, the son of Anthony Quinn and second wife Iolanda Addolori, a noted costume designer to whom Anthony Quinn was married for 31 years.	Francesco Quinn	Italy
country of citizenship	Kurt Hector was a Dominica professional football manager.	Kurt Hector	Dominica
country of citizenship	Osmund Andersen Lømsland was born at the village of Mosby in Oddernes, a borough in Kristiansand, Norway.	Osmund Andersen Lømsland	Norway
country of citizenship	Krige Schabort is a paralympic athlete from South Africa competing mainly in category T54 distance events.	Krige Schabort	South Africa
country of citizenship	Fredrik Ericsson (14 March 1975, Sundsvall, Sweden -- 6 August 2010, K2) was a Swedish mountaineer and extreme skier.	Fredrik Ericsson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Joseph Angus Mackay (9 September 1882--30 September 1952) was a New Zealand journalist, newspaper editor and historian.	Joseph Angus Mackay	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Samuel Finkelstein (1895--1942) was a Jewish oil painter in the interwar Poland who died at the Nazi death camp Treblinka during the Holocaust.	Samuel Finkelstein	Poland
country of citizenship	Gbenga Daniel (born 6 April 1956) is a Nigerian politician,and Governor of Ogun State of Nigeria from 29 May 2003 to 29 May 2011 making him the longest serving governor of the State.	Gbenga Daniel	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Joseph René Vilatte (January 24, 1854 -- July 8, 1929), also known by the religious name Mar Timotheus I, was a French naturalized American Christian leader active in France and the United States.	René Vilatte	France
country of citizenship	Dennis Looze (born 30 July 1972 in Zaandam) is an athlete from the Netherlands, who competes in triathlon.	Dennis Looze	Netherlands
country of citizenship	William Taramai (born April 23, 1961) is a middle-distance athlete, who competed for the Cook Islands.	William Taramai	Cook Islands
country of citizenship	Stephanie Okwu (born 1994) is a Nigerian beauty queen who crowned as Most Beautiful Girl in Nigeria Universe 2013 and she represented Nigeria at the Miss Universe 2013 pageant in Russia.	Stephanie Okwu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ernie Gilroy is an administrator and politician in Manitoba, Canada.	Ernie Gilroy	Canada
country of citizenship	Kazimierz Karabasz (Polish pronunciation: (kaˈʑimjɛʂ kaˈrabaʂ); born May 6, 1930 in Bydgoszcz, Poland) is a Polish documentary filmmaker.	Kazimierz Karabasz	Poland
country of citizenship	Carl Frederik Stanley (c. 1738 -- 9 March 1813) was an English-Danish sculptor, a leading proponent of early Neo-Classicism in Denmark.	Carl Frederik Stanley	Denmark
country of citizenship	James Gore (1834 -- 23 July 1917) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from the Otago region of New Zealand, and Mayor of Dunedin.	James Gore	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Peter Hänggi (born November 29, 1950 is a theoretical physicist from Switzerland. He is best known for his original works on Brownian motion and ratchets, stochastic resonance and dissipative systems (classical and quantum) .	Peter Hänggi	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Klaartje Quirijns (born 1967, Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch film and television director and producer.	Klaartje Quirijns	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Dr. Sigmar Wittig (born 25 February 1940 in Nimptsch, former Silesia region of Germany) has been the Chairman of the Executive Board of the German Aerospace Center (Deutsches Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt) since March 2002.	Sigmar Wittig	Germany
country of citizenship	Homayoun Salimi(همايون سليمی in Persian), born 1948, is an Iranian Painter and academic, born in Tehran, Iran.	Homayoun Salimi	Iran
country of citizenship	Komsan Pohkong (Thai: คมสัน โพธิ์คง) is a lawyer from Thailand.	Komsan Pohkong	Thailand
country of citizenship	Samuel Street (1753 -- February 3, 1815) was a judge, merchant and political figure in Upper Canada.	Samuel Street	Canada
country of citizenship	Mohammad Hamid Ansari ( pronunciation ) (born 1 April 1937) is the 12th and current Vice President of India, in office since 2007.	Mohammad Hamid Ansari	India
country of citizenship	Beric John Croome (born 23 May 1960, Bloemfontein, South Africa) is a chartered accountant, Advocate of the High Court of South Africa and one of South Africa's tax law scholars.	Beric John Croome	South Africa
country of citizenship	Urs App (born 1949 in Rorschach, Switzerland) is a historian of ideas, religions, and philosophies with a special interest in the history and modes of interaction between East and West.	Urs App	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Baucke (7 July 1848--6 June 1931) was a New Zealand linguist, ethnologist, journalist and interpreter.	Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Baucke	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Saint Ivo of Chartres (also Ives, Yves, or Yvo; Latin: Ivonis Carnutensis) (c. 1040 -- 23 December 1115) was the Bishop of Chartres, France from 1090 until his death, and an important canonist during the Investiture Crisis.	Ivo of Chartres	France
country of citizenship	Auguste Clésinger was born in Besançon, in the Doubs department of France.	Auguste Clésinger	France
country of citizenship	Mike Sandbothe (born June 26, 1961) is a German intellectual and philosopher living in Erfurt with his wife and children and teaching as professor of culture and media at Jena University of Applied Sciences(Germany).	Mike Sandbothe	Germany
country of citizenship	Heinz Galinski (28 November 1912 -- 19 July 1992) was president of the Central Council of Jews in Germany (Zentralrat der Juden in Deutschland) from 1988 until his death in 1992.	Heinz Galinski	Germany
country of citizenship	Jesse Phillips (born July 26, 1986 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian sprint canoeist.	Jesse Phillips	Australia
country of citizenship	Jan Blommaert (November 4, 1961) is a Belgian sociolinguist and linguistic anthropologist, Professor of Language, Culture and Globalization and Director of the Babylon Center at Tilburg University, the Netherlands.	Jan Blommaert	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Anna Siewierska (born Gdynia, Poland, 25 December 1955, died Da Lat, Vietnam, 6 August 2011) was a Polish-born linguist who worked in Australia, Poland, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.	Anna Siewierska	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Richard Brabec (born July 5, 1966, Kladno, Czech Republic) is a Czech politician, a former manager in the chemical industry (Unipetrol, Spolana Neratovice and Lovochemie).	Richard Brabec	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Paddy Tuimavave is a former professional rugby league player who represented New Zealand and Western Samoa.	Paddy Tuimavave	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ahmad Abdel-Halim Abdel-Salam Al-Zugheir (born 14 September 1986) is a Jordanian footballer of Palestinian origin, who plays for That Ras and the Jordan national football team.	Ahmad Abdel-Halim	Jordan
country of citizenship	Rasim Balayev was born on August 8, 1948 in Agsu region of Azerbaijan.	Rasim Balayev	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Chris Baryomunsi (born 9 December 1969) is a Ugandan physician, public health specialist, demographer and politician who has served as State Minister of Health for General Duties in the Cabinet of Uganda since 2015.	Chris Baryomunsi	Uganda
country of citizenship	Edwin Cynrig Roberts, sometimes Edwyn Cynrig Roberts (1838 - 17 September 1893) was one of the pioneers of the Welsh settlement in Patagonia, Argentina.	Edwin Cynrig Roberts	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ahmad Salim or Muhammad Salim Khawaja (born 26 January 1945 in Mina Gondal, Punjab, Pakistan) is a writer, archivist and co-founder of the South Asian Research and Resource Centre, a private archive established in 2001.	Ahmad Salim	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Teodoro Orozco's Caps for Mexico in 1985	Teodoro Orozco	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ademaga Mešić or Adem Aga Mešić (25 March 1868 -- 1 July 1945) was a politician from Bosnia and Herzegovina and a military officer in the Austro-Hungarian Schutzkorps, and was a member of the Ustaše government of the Independent State of Croatia during World War II.	Ademaga Mešić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Cándido Fabré (born in San Luis, Santiago de Cuba) is a Cuban musician, song writer, and singer, famous for his art of improvisation.	Cándido Fabré	Cuba
country of citizenship	Peter Marin (born in Perth, Western Australia) is a drummer based in Melbourne, Australia.	Peter Marin	Australia
country of citizenship	Girolamo Piromalli (October 7, 1918 -- February 11, 1979), also known as Mommo, was a historical and charismatic boss of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organisation in Calabria (Italy).	Girolamo Piromalli	Italy
country of citizenship	Sir Susantha de Fonseka, the Father of the Free Lanka Bill is remembered as one Sri Lanka's pioneering diplomats and for promoting constitutional reforms on the long walk to independence.	Susantha de Fonseka	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	John Mackintosh Roberts (1840--1928) was a New Zealand soldier, resident magistrate and administrator.	John Mackintosh Roberts	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Seyed Mohsen Nourbakhsh (18 May 1948 -- 23 March 2003) (Persian: سید محسن نوربخش ) was an Iranian economist, most known as governor of the Central Bank of Iran and the former minister of economic and finance of Iran.	Mohsen Nourbakhsh	Iran
country of citizenship	Robert William Bradford (C.M.) (December 17, 1923) is a pioneering Canadian aviation artist, instrumental in the founding of the Canada Aviation Museum.	Robert William Bradford	Canada
country of citizenship	Humban-Numena (or Kumban-Numena) was a king of Elam from the Igihalkid dynasty (Middle Elamite period, mid-14th century BCE).	Humban-Numena	Elam
country of citizenship	Martin McAleese (born 24 March 1951) is a former member of Seanad Éireann and the husband of the former President of Ireland, Mary McAleese.	Martin McAleese	Ireland
country of citizenship	Anand Paranjpe won the Lok Sabha seat from Kalyan, Maharashtra, India in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections defeating Nationalist Congress Party candidate Vasant Davkhare.	Anand Paranjpe	India
country of citizenship	James Rayside (April 1836 -- 1895) was an Ontario, Canada, businessman and political figure.	James Rayside	Canada
country of citizenship	On 13 March 2011, Luís Fabiano returned to Brazil to play again for São Paulo FC.	Luís Fabiano	Brazil
country of citizenship	Noor-ol-Hoda Mangeneh (born 1902, date of death unknown) was an Iranian intellectual and one of the pioneering figures in the women's rights movement in Iran.	Noor-ol-Hoda Mangeneh	Iran
country of citizenship	Sondre Kåfjord (born 7 June 1948) was president of the Football Association of Norway (NFF) from 2004 to 2010.	Sondre Kåfjord	Norway
country of citizenship	Martin Wierstra (29 May 1928 -- 23 October 1985) was a professional cyclist from the Netherlands who specialized in motor-paced racing.	Martin Wierstra	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Thu Maung (Burmese: သုမောင် (θṵ màʊɴ); 13 March 1951 -- 16 May 2010; born Bala) was a Myanmar Academy Award-winning film actor, singer as well as a distinguished writer and director.	Thu Maung	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Soth Polin (born in 1943, Kampong Cham, Cambodia) is a Khmer writer.	Soth Polin	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Amaju Pinnick (born 1973) is the current president of the Nigeria Football Federation.	Amaju Pinnick	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Arthur McKee (14 August 1863--9 March 1943) was a New Zealand newspaper proprietor, photo-engraver and printer, land agent, businessman, orchardist.	Arthur McKee	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Queen Best Kemigisa (b. 1967) is the Queen Mother of the Toro Kingdom, based in Fort Portal, Uganda.	Queen Best Kemigisa	Uganda
country of citizenship	Bernard Brizay, born in Rouen (department of Seine Maritime in France) in August 1941, has studied History, teaching History of Art, before he became a journalist (reporter at large)	Bernard Brizay	France
country of citizenship	Ihab el-Sherif (January 1954 -- July 2005) served as Egypt's ambassador to Iraq until Iraqi kidnappers murdered him in July 2005.	Ihab el-Sherif	Egypt
country of citizenship	Klaus Löwitsch (8 April 1936 -- 3 December 2002) was a German actor, best known in Germany for his starring role in the television detective series Peter Strohm.	Klaus Löwitsch	Germany
country of citizenship	William Henry Colbeck (1823 -- 25 June 1901) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in the Auckland Region of New Zealand.	William Henry Colbeck	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Padma Desai (born October 12, 1931) is an India-born, naturalized American, development economist and a Russia-specialist.	Padma Desai	India
country of citizenship	Chiang Si-qian (Chinese: 蒋斯千; 1814--1894) is the grandfather of former Republic of China President Chiang Kai-shek.	Chiang Si-qian	China
country of citizenship	Christopher Duenas (born in Tamuning, Guam) is an Olympic and national record holding swimmer from Guam.	Christopher Duenas	Guam
country of citizenship	William Direen is a New Zealand writer and performer.	William Direen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	James Steedsman (January 24, 1864 - March 16, 1959) was a Manitoba farmer who was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a member of the agrarian Progressive Party of Canada.	James Steedsman	Canada
country of citizenship	Prince Amen Edore Oyakhire was the Military Administrator of Taraba State, Nigeria between August 1996 and August 1998 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.	Amen Edore Oyakhire	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Nicola Lindsay (born in 1944 in London) is an English writer/actor, living for the past forty years in the Republic of Ireland.	Nicola Lindsay	Ireland
country of citizenship	Jakob Nilsson Vik (born March 12, 1882 in Kvam, Norway, died 1960) was a Norwegian farmer, dairy manager, and politician.	Jakob Nilsson Vik	Norway
country of citizenship	Emel Mathlouthi (Arabic: آمال المثلوثي) is a Tunisian singer-songwriter best known for her protest songs ``Ya Tounes Ya Meskina'' (Poor Tunisia) and ``Kelmti Horra'' (My Word is Free) which became anthems for the Tunisian revolution.	Emel Mathlouthi	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Filterheadz are a Techno DJ and producer duo from Leuven, Belgium.	Filterheadz	Belgium
country of citizenship	Chen Shutong (1876-17 February 1966) was a Chinese politician who served in the governments of the Qing Dynasty, the Republic of China and the People's Republic of China.	Chen Shutong	China
country of citizenship	P. Karunakaran (born 20 April 1945 in Nileshwar, Kasargod, Kerala) is a member of the 16th Lok Sabha of India and is the leader of the Loksabha for CPI(M) in the 16th Loksabha.	P. Karunakaran	India
country of citizenship	Mercedes Capsir was born in Barcelona, Spain, in the same house where another Spanish soprano had been born 12 years earlier, Maria Barrientos.	Mercedes Capsir	Spain
country of citizenship	Victoria of Baden (Sophie Marie Viktoria; 7 August 1862 -- 4 April 1930), was the Queen of Sweden by her marriage to King Gustaf V. She was politically active in a conservative fashion during the development of democracy and known as a pro-German during the First World War.	Victoria of Baden	Sweden
country of citizenship	Janet Wells now Janet Reeves (born 1957) is an alpine skier from New Zealand.	Janet Wells	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Joachim Frich was from Bergen, Norway.	Joachim Frich	Norway
country of citizenship	Mounir Sabet's sister Suzanne is the wife of former Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak, thus the former First Lady of Egypt.	Mounir Sabet	Egypt
country of citizenship	Henry Zambrano Sandoval (born August 7, 1973 in Soledad, Colombia) is a soccer player who played for Colombian national team.	Henry Zambrano	Colombia
country of citizenship	Raising eyebrows due to his games for Eintracht Braunschweig, Bernd Franke established himself as a backup choice for Sepp Maier and Wolfgang Kleff in the affairs of West Germany, debuting for his country on 28 March 1973, in a friendly.	Bernd Franke	Germany
country of citizenship	Gérard Buquet (born 1954) is a tubist, conductor and composer, who was born in France.	Gérard Buquet	France
country of citizenship	Louis de Jager (born 30 March 1987) is a professional golfer from South Africa playing on the Sunshine Tour.	Louis de Jager	South Africa
country of citizenship	The visit of Abd el-Ouahed ben Messaoud followed the sailing of The Lion in 1551, and the 1585 establishment of the English Barbary Company, which had the objective of developing trade between England and Morocco.	Abd el-Ouahed ben Messaoud	Morocco
country of citizenship	Modise Mokwadi Fly was a Botswana politician and activist who was convicted and sentenced to death in 2008 of murdering his two-year-old son.	Modise Mokwadi Fly	Botswana
country of citizenship	Tibor Kökény (born December 27, 1970 in Debrecen, Hungary) is a Hungarian psychologist and yoga teacher of Yoga in Daily Life System.	Tibor Kökény	Hungary
country of citizenship	Maria van Oosterwijck was born in 1630 in Nootdorp, a town located near Delft in South Holland, the Netherlands.	Maria van Oosterwijck	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Juan Marichal was born on October 20, 1937 in the small farming village of Laguna Verde, Dominican Republic, the youngest of Francisco and Natividad Marichal's four children.	Juan Marichal	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Warren Parry (born 9 January 1964) is a New Zealand darts player.	Warren Parry	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lindsay Perigo (born 14 December 1951) is a former New Zealand television and radio broadcasting personality, founding member and first leader of the Libertarianz political party and an Objectivist organisation called Sense of Life Objectivists (SOLO).	Lindsay Perigo	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Anissa Blondin (born 30 July 1992) is a Belgian model and Beauty Pageant Titleholder and 1st runner up in Miss Belgium 2014.	Anissa Blondin	Belgium
country of citizenship	Adriaen de Vries (c.1556--1626) was a Northern Mannerist sculptor born in the Netherlands, whose international style crossed the threshold to the Baroque; he excelled in refined modelling and bronze casting and in the manipulation of patina and became the most famous European sculptor of his generation.	Adriaen de Vries	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Côme Zoumara (born 1959?) is a political figure in the Central African Republic who was Foreign Minister from September 2006 to January 2008.	Côme Zoumara	Central African Republic
country of citizenship	Amanda Mabro (born April 30, 1980, Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a singer-songwriter and vocal coach.	Amanda Mabro	Canada
country of citizenship	Alireza Faghani (Persian: عليرضا فغانى , born 21 March 1978 in Kashmar) is an Iranian football referee who has been officiating in Iran Pro League for seven seasons and has been on the international list since 2008.	Alireza Faghani	Iran
country of citizenship	Oswald Karch (born March 6, 1917 in Ludwigshafen -- died January 28, 2009) was a former racing driver from Germany.	Oswald Karch	Germany
country of citizenship	Tim Mudde (Amsterdam, 23 February 1965), also known as Brigadier M or Sassem Tim, was active within the right wing radical movement in the Netherlands between the 1980s and the early 2010s.	Tim Mudde	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Lionel Beauxis made his international debut for France against Italy during the 2007 Six Nations Championship.	Lionel Beauxis	France
country of citizenship	Jerzy Rogalski (11 April 1948, Oleśnica, Poland - ) is a Polish film and theatre actor.	Jerzy Rogalski	Poland
country of citizenship	José María Flores Burlón (born February 10, 1955 in Montevideo) is a former boxer from Uruguay.	José María Flores Burlón	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Sharmila Melissa Yogalingam (born September 13, 1985) is an award nominated writer from Singapore.	Sharmila Melissa Yogalingam	Singapore
country of citizenship	Andy Paschalidis (Greek: Άντυ Πασχαλίδης) is a former football (soccer) player and is a media personality in Australia.	Andy Paschalidis	Australia
country of citizenship	Robert Calcagno born 26 June 1960 is a Monegasque politician and leader who is CEO of the Oceanographic Institute Foundation Albert I, Prince of Monaco.	Robert Calcagno	Monaco
country of citizenship	Thomas Adolphus Bowden (26 July 1824--24 June 1906) was a New Zealand Anglican clergyman, farmer, teacher and educationalist.	Thomas Adolphus Bowden	New Zealand
country of citizenship	François Croteau (born January 29, 1972) is a city councillor from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	François Croteau	Canada
country of citizenship	Princess Maria Gabriella of Savoy (Maria Gabriella Giuseppa Aldegonda Adelaide Ludovica Felicita Gennara; born 24 February 1940) is a Savoyard princess and noted historian of Italy.	Princess Maria Gabriella of Savoy	Italy
country of citizenship	Sylvia Gytha de Lancey Chapman (27 November 1896--1 September 1995) was a New Zealand doctor, medical superintendent and welfare worker.	Sylvia Gytha de Lancey Chapman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pisharoth Rama Pisharoty (Malayalam: പിഷാരത്ത് രാമ പിഷാരടി;February 10, 1909 -- September 24, 2002) was an Indian physicist and meteorologist, and is considered to be the father of remote sensing in India.	Pisharoth Rama Pisharoty	India
country of citizenship	Ismail Sillakh was born in Zaporozhye, then he moved with his family to Industrial city of Mariupol (one of most important port cities in Ukraine) His parents--	Ismail Sillakh	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Boukary Dramé (born July 22, 1985 in Villepinte, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a Senegal international footballer who plays as a left back for Italian club Atalanta.	Boukary Dramé	Senegal
country of citizenship	Jason Benoit is a country music singer-songwriter from Fox Island River in western Newfoundland on Canada's east coast.	Jason Benoit	Canada
country of citizenship	Matsunaga Hisahide (松永 久秀 1510 -- November 19, 1577) was a daimyo of Japan following the Sengoku period of the 16th century.	Matsunaga Hisahide	Japan
country of citizenship	Lê Thị Hồng Liên is a Christian teacher from Vietnam.	Lê Thị Hồng Liên	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Joseph Edwin Underwood (November 3, 1882 -- June 1, 1960) was a civil engineer, land surveyor and political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Joseph Edwin Underwood	Canada
country of citizenship	Hanka Gregušová (born 28 April 1980) known under her stage name Hanka G is a jazz singer in Slovakia.	Hanka G	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Barthélemy Joliette (September 9, 1789 -- June 21, 1850) was a notary, businessman, seigneur and political figure in Lower Canada and Canada East.	Barthélemy Joliette	Canada
country of citizenship	Joanna Trzepiecińska (born 7 September, 1965 in Tomaszów Mazowiecki, Poland) is a Polish film, television and theater actress, best known for playing in the Polish TV series Rodzina zastępcza (Foster Family).	Joanna Trzepiecińska	Poland
country of citizenship	Victor Conrad was born on August 25, 1876 in Hütteldorf, Lower Austria (then a suburb and now part of Vienna).	Victor Conrad	Austria
country of citizenship	Martin Fenin (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmarcɪn ˈfɛɲɪn); 16 April 1987) is a Czech football striker currently playing for the German club Chemnitzer FC and the Czech Republic national football team.	Martin Fenin	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Georg Essl (born March 1, 1972 in Graz, Austria) is an Austrian Computer Scientist and Musician, who works in the areas of Human-Computer Interaction, Acoustics, Mobile Computing and Mobile Music.	Georg Essl	Austria
country of citizenship	José Saura (born 4 December 1978, in Murcia) is a paralympic athlete from Spain competing mainly in category T12 800m events.	José Saura	Spain
country of citizenship	Sergey Rusin (Russian: Сергей Русин; born 31 October 1959) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Soviet Union.	Sergey Rusin	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Tim Bollerslev received his MSc in economics and mathematics in 1983 from the University of Aarhus in Denmark.	Tim Bollerslev	Denmark
country of citizenship	Ballard was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada as Edwin Harold Ballard.	Harold Ballard	Canada
country of citizenship	Mohd Ramzul Zahini Adenan (born 11 December 1987) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a striker in the Malaysia Super League side, Terengganu FA.	Ramzul Zahini Adenan	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Nicolai Michoutouchkine was born on October 5, 1929, in Belfort, France to White Russians parents who immigrated from Russia in 1920, via Gallipoli, Turkey and Bulgaria to France.	Nicolai Michoutouchkine	France
country of citizenship	Lê Văn Sơn (born 20 December 1996) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Right-back for V-League (Vietnam) club Hoàng Anh Gia Lai F.C.	Lê Văn Sơn	Vietnam
country of citizenship	While on tour in Italy in 1771, Leopold and Wolfgang Mozart met Andrea Luchesi and received one of his concertos for cembalo (Wolfgang was still playing the concerto in 1777, while Leopold and Nannerl used often the concerto for teaching and practising purposes).	Andrea Luchesi	Italy
country of citizenship	José Manuel Corral (Santa Fe, Santa Fe, Argentina, October 28, 1968) is a lawyer, a political activist of the Unión Cívica Radical party, and a member of the Coalition Frente Progresista Cívico y Social of Santa Fe.	José Manuel Corral	Argentina
country of citizenship	Kristian Bergheim (born 6 June 1926 in Bærum - deceased 30 May 2010) was a noted saxophonist, considered one of the few in Norway of international caliber.	Kristian Bergheim	Norway
country of citizenship	Brandon Patton is a songwriter and bass player from the United States of America.	Brandon Patton	United States of America
country of citizenship	Ioel (mid 6th century) was a King of the Kingdom of Aksum.	Ioel	Kingdom of Aksum
country of citizenship	Michel Van Wijnendaele was a Belgian mass murderer who killed seven people in Bogaarden, Belgium on May 12, 1987.	Michel Van Wijnendaele	Belgium
country of citizenship	Violet Coulson was the wife of Tunku Abdul Rahman, the first Prime Minister of Malaysia.	Violet Coulson	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Sándor Nyiri (sometimes spelled Nyiry)(17 November 1854 -- 5 May 1911) was a Hungarian military officer and politician, who served as Minister of Defence of Hungary between 1903 and 1905.	Sándor Nyiri	Hungary
country of citizenship	Giorgio Ordelaffi (died 1423) was lord of Forlì and Papal vicar in Romagna (northern Italy).	Giorgio Ordelaffi	Italy
country of citizenship	Rafael Larco Hoyle (May 18, 1901 in Chicama Valley, Peru -- 1966), raised at Chiclin, his family's estate, was sent to school in Maryland, USA, at the age of twelve.	Rafael Larco Hoyle	Peru
country of citizenship	Jace Van Dijk (born 1981 in Australia) is a professional rugby league player for the Easts Tigers in the Queensland Cup.	Jace Van Dijk	Australia
country of citizenship	During his title reign Aníbal developed a heated rivalry with René Guajardo, a rivalry that saw the two face off in several main events all around Mexico.	Aníbal	Mexico
country of origin	A Matter of Customs (Chinese: 雷霆第一關; Cantonese: Lui Ting Dai Yat Kwan) is a TVB program in Hong Kong starring Wong He, Jessica Hsuan, Danny Lee and Liza Wang.	A Matter of Customs	Hong Kong
country of origin	Vater Morgana is a 2010 German comedy film by director Till Endemann with the actors Christian Ulmen, Michael Gwisdek and Felicitas Woll in the central characters -- produced by the movie Company and Warner Bros. Film Productions Germany, released by Warner Bros.	Vater Morgana	Germany
country of origin	The Ninth Gate was filmed in France, Portugal, and Spain in the summer of 1998.	The Ninth Gate	France
country of origin	Based Down South (German: Wir sitzen im Süden) is a 2010 German-Turkish documentary film written and directed by Martina Priessner about four Turks born in Germany but who now live in Istanbul.	Based Down South	Germany
country of origin	Villa Dulce was a historical series in Chile because it was the first animated TV program made in the country since Condorito's shorts in the 80s.	Villa Dulce	Chile
creator	Sense8 (a play on the word sensate /ˈsɛnseɪt/) is an American science fiction drama web television series created, written and executive-produced by Andy and Lana Wachowski and J. Michael Straczynski.	Sense8	J. Michael Straczynski
creator	Première rêverie (English: First Reverie), also known in English as Whisperings of Love, is a painting by nineteenth century French artist William-Adolphe Bouguereau.	Première rêverie	William-Adolphe Bouguereau
creator	Chair Transformation Number 20B is an abstract sculpture, by Lucas Samaras, in the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden.	Chair Transformation Number 20B	Lucas Samaras
creator	Two Tahitian Women is an 1899 painting by Paul Gauguin.	Two Tahitian Women	Paul Gauguin
creator	The Nightmare is a 1781 oil painting by Anglo-Swiss artist Henry Fuseli (1741--1825).	The Nightmare	Henry Fuseli
creator	Jabberjaw is a 30-minute Saturday morning animated series created by Joe Ruby and Ken Spears and produced by Hanna-Barbera which aired on ABC from September 11, 1976, to September 3, 1978.	Jabberjaw	Joe Ruby
creator	Walking to Church is a 1952 painting by the American painter Norman Rockwell, painted for the cover of The Saturday Evening Post‍‍ '​‍s April 4, 1953 issue.	Walking to Church	Norman Rockwell
creator	Watching Ellie is an American sitcom that starred Julia Louis-Dreyfus and was created by her husband, Brad Hall.	Watching Ellie	Brad Hall
creator	Cedar-Bank Works is group of Adena culture earthworks located in Ross County, Ohio in the United States.	Cedar-Bank Works	Adena culture
creator	Not the Nine O'Clock News was produced by John Lloyd.	Not the Nine O'Clock News	John Lloyd
creator	Lennon, Kenney-Silver and Black reunited for a live, on-stage performance of Viva Variety, with a guest appearance by State alumnus Robert Ben Garant.	Viva Variety	Ben Garant
creator	L'Enseigne de Gersaint, or ``The Shop Sign of Gersaint'', (1720-21) is a painting by Jean-Antoine Watteau, which is considered to be his last masterpiece.	L'Enseigne de Gersaint	Antoine Watteau
creator	Toby Esterhase is a fictional character in John le Carré's George Smiley spy novels including Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy;	Toby Esterhase	John le Carré
creator	What's Happening!! was loosely based on the Eric Monte-penned film Cooley High.	What's Happening!!	Eric Monte
creator	Mob City is an American neo-noir crime drama television series created by Frank Darabont for TNT.	Mob City	Frank Darabont
creator	The Harkonnen Capo Chair is one of H. R. Giger's furniture designs.	Harkonnen Capo Chair	H. R. Giger
creator	The Captive Slave is a portrait painted by the artist John Simpson (1782--1847), which was first exhibited in London in 1827.	The Captive Slave	John Simpson
creator	Reply of the Zaporozhian Cossacks to Sultan Mehmed IV of the Ottoman Empire, also known as Cossacks of Saporog Are Drafting a Manifesto (Russian: Запорожцы пишут письмо турецкому султану), is a painting by Russian artist Ilya Repin.	Reply of the Zaporozhian Cossacks	Ilya Repin
creator	First Reading of the Emancipation Proclamation of President Lincoln is an 1864 oil-on-canvas painting by Francis Bicknell Carpenter.	First Reading of the Emancipation Proclamation of President Lincoln	Francis Bicknell Carpenter
creator	Large Interior with Three Reflections is a 1993 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein.	Large Interior with Three Reflections	Roy Lichtenstein
creator	The Glo Friends toyline, which preceded the television show, are small glow-in-the-dark toys in the shape of insects and other small creatures (including the original Glo Worm) that were made by Hasbro's Playskool division in the mid-1980s (Glo Worm was introduced in 1982).	The Glo Friends	Hasbro
creator	The Wounded Angel (Finnish: Haavoittunut enkeli) (1903) is a painting by Finnish symbolist painter Hugo Simberg.	The Wounded Angel	Hugo Simberg
creator	Minotaur Kneeling over Sleeping Girl is a 1933 etching by Pablo Picasso remarked as the first example in line among several works to be realized through the remaining part of the decade by the painter where he used the theme of the legendary Minoan creature Minotaur recurrently.	Minotaur Kneeling over Sleeping Girl	Pablo Picasso
creator	Who Wants to Be a Superhero? was a reality show hosted by Stan Lee.	Who Wants to Be a Superhero?	Stan Lee
creator	Meeting of Minds is a television series, created by Steve Allen, which aired on PBS from 1977 to 1981.	Meeting of Minds	Steve Allen
creator	A Girl with a Watering Can is an Impressionist painting by Pierre-Auguste Renoir from 1876.	A Girl with a Watering Can	Pierre-Auguste Renoir
creator	Tahitian Women on the Beach (French: Femmes de Tahiti) is an 1891 painting by Paul Gauguin.	Tahitian Women on the Beach	Paul Gauguin
creator	Hotel by a Railroad is a painting completed in 1952 by the American realist painter and printmaker Edward Hopper.	Hotel by a Railroad	Edward Hopper
creator	The Mysteries of the Horizon (in French, Les mystères de l'horizon) (1955) is an oil on canvas painting by the Belgian surrealist René Magritte.	The Mysteries of the Horizon	René Magritte
creator	Christmas in Tattertown is a 1988 television special created and directed by Ralph Bakshi about a place where everything discarded in the world came alive.	Christmas in Tattertown	Ralph Bakshi
creator	Spice Chess is an artist's multiple by the Japanese artist Takako Saito, whilst she was resident in the United States.	Spice Chess	Takako Saito
creator	Yo soy Betty, la fea (``I am Betty, the Ugly one'') is a telenovela filmed in Colombia, written by Fernando Gaitán and produced from 25 October 1999 to 8 May 2001 by the Colombian network RCN (Radio Cadena Nacional).	Yo soy Betty, la fea	Fernando Gaitán
creator	The Portrait of Antoine-Laurent Lavoisier and his wife is a double portrait of the French chemist Antoine Lavoisier and his wife and collaborator Marie-Anne Pierrette Paulze, commissioned from the French painter Jacques-Louis David in 1788 by Marie-Anne (who had been taught drawing by David).	Portrait of Antoine-Laurent Lavoisier and his wife	Jacques-Louis David
creator	The Cluster Paintings are a series of paintings created by Nabil Kanso in 1986-1988.	Cluster Paintings	Nabil Kanso
creator	Bagpuss is a British children's television series, made by Peter Firmin and Oliver Postgate.	Bagpuss	Peter Firmin
creator	Four Feather Falls was the third puppet TV show produced by Gerry Anderson for Granada Television.	Four Feather Falls	Gerry Anderson
creator	Aurora Triumphans (Latin: Triumphant Aurora) is a painting by Evelyn De Morgan, featuring the Roman goddess of dawn Aurora, that breaks the shackles of night.	Aurora Triumphans	Evelyn De Morgan
creator	They Came to Baghdad is an adventure novel by Agatha Christie, first published in the United Kingdom by the Collins Crime Club on 5 March 1951 and in the United States by Dodd, Mead and Company later in the same year.	They Came to Baghdad	Agatha Christie
creator	Dawn Summers is a fictional character created by Joss Whedon and introduced by Marti Noxon and David Fury on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, portrayed by Michelle Trachtenberg.	Dawn Summers	Joss Whedon	David Fury
creator	Wish Ko Lang (English: Just My Wish) is the first wish-granting show broadcast by GMA Network.	Wish Ko Lang	GMA Network
creator	Summer Evening on Skagen's Southern Beach (Danish: Sommeraften på Skagen Sønderstrand) is a painting by Peder Severin Krøyer (1851--1909), from 1893, and is counted as one of his masterpieces.	Summer Evening on Skagen's Southern Beach	Peder Severin Krøyer
creator	The Red Vineyards near Arles is an oil painting by the Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh, executed on a privately primed Toile de 30 piece of burlap in early November 1888.	The Red Vineyard	Vincent van Gogh
creator	Juno and Argus is a 1610 painting by Peter Paul Rubens, showing Juno and Argus.	Juno and Argus	Peter Paul Rubens
creator	AdaBoost, short for ``Adaptive Boosting'', is a machine learning meta-algorithm formulated by Yoav Freund and Robert Schapire who won the Gödel Prize in 2003 for their work.	AdaBoost	Yoav Freund	Robert Schapire
creator	The Disquieting Muses (in Italian: Le Muse inquietanti, 1916, 1917 or 1918) is a painting by the Italian metaphysical painter Giorgio de Chirico.	The Disquieting Muses	Giorgio de Chirico
creator	John Gubbins Newton and His Sister, Mary Newton is an 1833 painting by Robert Burnard.	John Gubbins Newton and His Sister, Mary Newton	Robert Burnard
creator	Agawin Mo Man Ang Lahat or Stolen Love (international title) is a daytime drama series on GMA Network produced by TAPE Inc. This series starring Oyo Boy Sotto and Marian Rivera.	Agawin Mo Man Ang Lahat	TAPE Inc.
creator	Wok racing has been developed by the German TV host and entertainer Stefan Raab:	Wok racing	Stefan Raab
creator	A Signal of Peace is a bronze equestrian sculpture by Cyrus Edwin Dallin, a part of a four-piece series called The Epic of the Indian.	Signal of Peace	Cyrus Edwin Dallin
creator	The Town Hall at Auvers is a painting by Vincent van Gogh, executed mid-July 1890.	The Town Hall at Auvers	Vincent van Gogh
creator	The Card Players is a series of oil paintings by the French Post-Impressionist artist Paul Cézanne.	The Card Players	Paul Cézanne
creator	A Clinical Lesson at the Salpêtrière (``Une leçon clinique à la Salpêtrière''), a group tableau portrait painted by the genre artist Pierre Aristide André Brouillet (1857-1914), is one of the best known paintings in the history of medicine.	A Clinical Lesson at the Salpêtrière	André Brouillet
creator	The Annunciation, with Saint Emidius is an altarpiece by Italian artist Carlo Crivelli showing an artistic adaptation of the Annunciation.	The Annunciation, with Saint Emidius	Carlo Crivelli
date of birth	Tat Marina (born in 1983), ), Khmer: តាត ម៉ារីណា), is a Cambodian-born and a survivor of brutal high profile acid throwing attack in 1999.	Tat Marina	1983
date of birth	Joffre Stewart (born 1925) is an American poet, anarchist and pacifist known for his early participation in the early Beat movement.	Joffre Stewart	1925
date of birth	J. Posadas (1912--1981) (occasionally referred to as Juan Posadas), was the pseudonym of Homero Rómulo Cristalli Frasnelli, an Argentine Trotskyist whose personal vision is usually described as Posadism.	J. Posadas	1912
date of birth	Sardar Tufail Ahmad Khan Mayo (born 2 January 1943 in Behwan District, Gur Ganwa, East Punjab, India) is a Pakistani politician affiliated with the Pakistan Muslim League (Q).	Sardar Tufail Ahmad Khan	2 January 1943
date of birth	Ralph Fitzwilliam (1256?- 11 February 1317), was a baron.	Ralph Fitzwilliam	1256
date of birth	Debbie Greenwood (born 16 September 1959 in Liverpool, Lancashire) is a British television presenter and a former beauty queen who won the title of Miss Great Britain in 1984.	Debbie Greenwood	16 September 1959
date of birth	Hans Steiner (born 1946, Vienna) is Professor (Emeritus, Active) of Psychiatry & Behavioral Sciences, Child & Adolescent Psychiatry and Human Development at Stanford University, School of Medicine.	Hans Steiner	1946
date of birth	Zvonko Jakovljević (Serbian Cyrillic: Звонко Јаковљевић; born 30 January 1996) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Bačka 1901, on loan from Serbian SuperLiga club Spartak Subotica.	Zvonko Jakovljević	30 January 1996
date of birth	Pieter van Kouwenhoorn aka Pieter Kouwenhoorn (1599 Haarlem - c21 May 1654 Leiden) (fl.1620s-1630s) was a Dutch botanical illustrator.	Pieter van Kouwenhoorn	1599
date of birth	Mother Superior Agnes Mariam de la Croix (born 1952), also known as Mother Agnes, is a Christian nun.	Agnes Mariam de la Croix	1952
date of birth	Dean Murphy (b 1970) is an Australian screenwriter, producer and director.	Dean Murphy	1970
date of birth	Nikola Eftimov (Macedonian: Никола Ефтимов, born 6 October 1968 in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia) is a Macedonian fashion designer and visual artist.	Nikola Eftimov	6 October 1968
date of birth	Orestes Acquarone Salaberry (27 April 1875 - November 1952) was a Uruguayan lithographist, painter, cartoonist, watercolourist, sculptor and poet.	Orestes Acquarone	27 April 1875
date of birth	Jean-Marc Lévy-Leblond (born 1940) is a physicist and essayist.	Jean-Marc Lévy-Leblond	1940
date of birth	Alex Kava (born Sharon M. Kava on June 7, 1960 in Silver Creek, Nebraska) is an American author of psychological suspense novels.	Alex Kava	1960
date of birth	Mary Ann Baxter (1801-December 19, 1884) was a noted philanthropist in the Scottish city of Dundee.	Mary Ann Baxter	1801
date of birth	René Wohlhauser (born 24 March 1954 in Zurich) is a Swiss composer, pianist, singer, improviser, conductor and music teacher.	René Wohlhauser	24 March 1954
date of birth	Jon D. Levy (born 1954) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Maine and former Justice of the Maine Supreme Court.	Jon D. Levy	1954
date of birth	Amado Guevara (born 2 May 1976) is a Honduran retired football player and manager who currently works for the Honduran national team in the role of assistant manager.	Amado Guevara	2 May 1976
date of birth	Prince Tony Momoh (born 27 April 1939) is a Nigerian journalist and politician who was Nigerian Minister of Information and Culture (1986--1990) during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.	Tony Momoh	27 April 1939
date of birth	Sergio Goldvarg (born 1957) is an Argentinian architect, better known as a car collector, model car collector and model car maker resident in Miami, Florida.	Sergio Goldvarg	1957
date of birth	Brad Fash (born 24 January 1996) is a professional rugby league footballer for Hull F.C. in the Super League.	Brad Fash	24 January 1996
date of birth	Kieran McKeever (Irish: Ciarán Mac Íomhair; born 12 March 1968) is a former Irish dual player who played Gaelic football and hurling with Derry in the late 1980s, 1990s and early 2000s.	Kieran McKeever	12 March 1968
date of birth	Kevin McCourt (1915--2000) was an Irish businessman and Director-General of RTÉ between 1962 and 1968.	Kevin McCourt	1915
date of birth	Gerard Keating (born 3 December 1962) is a former Australian 100 metre sprinter.	Gerard Keating	3 December 1962
date of birth	Heo Jeok(1610 -- May 11, 1680) was a politician during Joseon Dynasty.	Heo Jeok	1610
date of birth	Filippo Pennino, (1755-1801) was an Italian sculptor.	Filippo Pennino	1755
date of birth	Michael Laub (born Belgium, 1953) is an avant-garde stage director and contemporary dance choreographer.	Michael Laub	1953
date of birth	Laurie Brett (born 28 March 1969) is a Scottish actress, best known for her roles as Jane Beale in EastEnders and Christine Mulgrew in Waterloo Road.	Laurie Brett	28 March 1969
date of birth	Brett Morse (born 11 February 1989) is a British athlete who competes in the discus throw.	Brett Morse	11 February 1989
date of birth	Michelle Leslie (born 13 April 1981), who also works under the name Michelle Lee, is an Australian model.	Michelle Leslie	13 April 1981
date of birth	Franz Wicki (born 28 January 1939 in Grosswangen) is a Swiss politician, lawyer and member of the Swiss Council of States (1995--2007).	Franz Wicki	28 January 1939
date of birth	Anabel Ford (22 December 1951) is an American archaeologist specializing in the study of Mesoamerica, with a focus on the lowland Maya of Belize and Guatemala.	Anabel Ford	22 December 1951
date of birth	Vikram Joshi (born 2 February 1977) is an Indian quizzer who won the World Quizzing Championship (WQC) 2014.	Vikram Joshi	1977
date of birth	Moira Milton (née Paterson) (December 1923 -- 24 January 2012) was a Scottish amateur golfer.	Moira Milton	December 1923
date of birth	Frank Cummins (born 9 November 1947) was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Kilkenny senior team.	Frank Cummins	9 November 1947
date of birth	Joseph Aspinall (1854 Brooklyn, Kings County, New York -- May 7, 1939 Brooklyn, New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Joseph Aspinall	1854
date of birth	Yuliya Viktorovna Ivanova (Russian: Юлия Викторовна Иванова, born 5 December 1977) is a Russian former rhythmic gymnast.	Yuliya Viktorovna Ivanova	5 December 1977
date of birth	Jasna Veličković (Serbian Cyrillic: Јасна Величковић) (born 1974 in Belgrade) has been living and working as a composer in the Netherlands since 2001 where she completed a Masters in music at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague under Louis Andriessen, Gilius van Bergeijk and Clarence Barlow with distinction.	Jasna Veličković	1974
date of birth	Pavel Stratan (born 11 November 1970) is a Moldovan popular singer.	Pavel Stratan	11 November 1970
date of birth	Ilan Halevi (Hebrew: אִילָן הַלֵּוִי; born Georges Alain Albert; 12 October 1943 -- 10 July 2013) was a Jewish Palestinian journalist and politician, and one of the very few high-ranking Jewish members of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO).	Ilan Halevi	12 October 1943
date of birth	Hanna Petros was an ethnic Assyrian, born to a Chaldean Catholic family in Mosul in 1896.	Hanna Petros	1896
date of birth	Ashley Wood (born 1971) is Australian comic book artist and award-winning illustrator known for his cover art, concept design and his work as an art director.	Ashley Wood	1971
date of birth	Donnchadh Ruadh Mac Conmara (1715--1810) was an Irish poet.	Donnchadh Ruadh Mac Conmara	1715
date of birth	Pekka Sihvola (born 22 April 1984) is a Finnish professional footballer currently playing for HIFK in the Veikkausliiga.	Pekka Sihvola	22 April 1984
date of birth	Anthony Cunningham (born 16 June 1965) is a former Irish hurling manager and former player.	Anthony Cunningham	1965
date of birth	Jo Swinson (born 5 February 1980) is a British Liberal Democrat politician and was formerly Member of Parliament (MP) for East Dunbartonshire constituency and the Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Employment relations, consumer and postal affairs.	Jo Swinson	5 February 1980
date of birth	Robin Shepherd (born 6 January 1968) is a British-born political commentator and analyst.	Robin Shepherd	6 January 1968
date of birth	Roger Pulvers (born May 4, 1944) is an Australian playwright, theatre director and translator.	Roger Pulvers	1944
date of birth	Lester Benjamin (born 14 September 1963) is a retired Antiguan and Barbudan long jumper.	Lester Benjamin	14 September 1963
date of birth	Giannalberto Bendazzi (born 1946) is an animation historian, author, and professor.	Giannalberto Bendazzi	1946
date of birth	Peter Luck (born 5 January 1944) is an Australian author, TV journalist, producer and presenter.	Peter Luck	1944
date of birth	John Burbidge (ca 1718 -- March 11, 1812) was a soldier, land owner, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia.	John Burbidge	1718
date of birth	Sir David Emrys Evans (29 March 1891 -- 20 February 1966) was a Welsh classicist and university principal.	Emrys Evans	1891
date of birth	John Lamphire M.D. (1614--1688) was an English academic, who became a physician after being ejected from his college fellowship.	John Lamphire	1614
date of birth	Arif Mohammad Khan (born 1951 in Bulandshahr, Uttar Pradesh) is a former state minister.	Arif Mohammad Khan	1951
date of birth	Damjan Zlatnar (Serbian Cyrillic: Дамјан Златнар, born 16 December 1977) is a Slovenian-born Serbian athlete who specializes in the 110 metre hurdles and bobsledder.	Damjan Zlatnar	16 December 1977
date of birth	Hubert von Goisern (born Hubert Achleitner, 17 November 1952) is an Austrian singer-songwriter and world musician.	Hubert von Goisern	17 November 1952
date of birth	Caterine Ibargüen Mena (born 12 February 1984) is a Colombian athlete competing in high jump, long jump and triple jump.	Caterine Ibargüen	12 February 1984
date of birth	Charles Uzzell-Edwards (born in South Wales in 1968) is a graffiti artist known by the moniker ``Pure Evil''.	Charles Uzzell-Edwards	1968
date of birth	Doina Ignat (born 20 December 1968 in Rădăuți-Prut, Botoşani) is a Romanian rower, who has won six Olympic medals during her career.	Doina Ignat	20 December 1968
date of birth	Derek Long (born 11 August 1925) is a former professor of structural chemistry at the University of Bradford, working in the field of Raman spectroscopy.	Derek Long	11 August 1925
date of birth	Horace Romano Harré (/ˈhæreɪ/; born 1927), known widely as Rom Harré, is a distinguished British philosopher and psychologist.	Horace Romano Harré	1927
date of birth	Barry Svigals, FAIA (born 1948) is a Connecticut-based architect and sculptor.	Barry Svigals	1948
date of birth	Janet Kirina Nariki (born 25 April 1986) is a Kenyan actress, singer-songwriter, TV host and producer.	Janet Kirina	25 April 1986
date of birth	Thomas E. Humphrey (born 1945) is an Associate Justice of the Maine Supreme Judicial Court and former Chief Justice of the Maine Superior Court.	Thomas E. Humphrey	1945
date of birth	Taylor Bills (born Stephen Taylor Bills, 2 January 1985) is an American ex-baseball player and reality star.	Taylor Bills	2 January 1985
date of birth	Sarkis Torossian (Turkish: Sarkis Torosyan, 1891 - August 17, 1954) was a decorated Ottoman captain of Armenian descent who fought in the Gallipoli Campaign and according to his memoirs, was the first person to sink a British battleship.	Sarkis Torossian	1891
date of birth	Koki Arita (有田 光希, born 23 September 1991) is a Japanese football player.	Koki Arita	23 September 1991
date of birth	Philip Obaji (born 8 August 1985) is a Nigerian TV presenter and founder of 1 GAME:	Philip Obaji	8 August 1985
date of birth	Anita Blaze (born 29 October 1991) is a French foil fencer, team silver medallist at the 2013 World Championships and at the 2012 and 2013 European Championships.	Anita Blaze	29 October 1991
date of birth	James Grubb was born in 1771 at Little Britain in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	James Grubb	1771
date of birth	Stefan Wisniewski (born 8 April 1953) is a former member of the Red Army Faction (RAF).	Stefan Wisniewski	8 April 1953
date of birth	Cemil Bayık (born 1951 in Keban, Elazığ), also known as Cuma, is one of the five founders of the Kurdish movement Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), and is among the organization's top leadership.	Cemil Bayık	1951
date of birth	Mariusz Wach (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmariuʂ ˈvax); born 14 December 1979) is a Polish professional boxer and world heavyweight title challenger.	Mariusz Wach	14 December 1979
date of birth	Sir William Gage, 7th Baronet KCB (1695 -- 23 April 1744) was the MP for Seaford from 1722 until his death.	Sir William Gage, 7th Baronet	1695
date of birth	José María Sarasol Soler (El Genovés 1970), Sarasol II, is a Valencian pilota professional player.	José María Sarasol	1970
date of birth	Raoul Owens (born 22 August 1994) is a London-based, British racing driver.	Raoul Owens	22 August 1994
date of birth	Li Denghui (Chinese: 李登輝, 1873--1947, courtesy name Téngfēi (騰飛)), was the president of Fudan University of Shanghai during 1917--1937.	Li Denghui	1873
date of birth	Sophie Lowe (born 5 June 1990) is an English-born Australian actress and singer-songwriter.	Sophie Lowe	5 June 1990
date of birth	Martina Dalić (née Štimac; born 12 November 1967) is a Croatian economist and finance official who served as Croatia's Minister of Finance from 29 December 2010 to 23 December 2011.	Martina Dalić	12 November 1967
date of birth	Gustavo Manduca (born 8 June 1980) is a former Brazilian footballer who played mainly as a left winger.	Gustavo Manduca	8 June 1980
date of birth	John Gidman (born 10 January 1954) is a former English footballer who played for Aston Villa, Everton, Manchester United, Manchester City, Stoke City and Darlington.	John Gidman	10 January 1954
date of birth	Mohammad Yasser Shoshara (Arabic: محمد ياسر شوشرة ‎) (born 11 April 1988 in Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Yasser Shoshara	11 April 1988
date of birth	Mbasa Gqadushe (born 24 March 1986 in East London, Cape Province) is a South African cricketer who has played nineteen first class matches for Kwa-Zulu Natal.	Mbasa Gqadushe	24 March 1986
date of birth	Gabriele Caliari (1568--1631) was an Italian of the late-Renaissance period.	Gabriele Caliari	1568
date of birth	Jan Vošahlík (born 8 March 1989) is a Czech professional footballer, Striker, who currently plays for Shakhter Karagandy .	Jan Vošahlík	8 March 1989
date of birth	Vollrath von Maltzan Freiherr von Wartenberg und Penzlin (22 December 1899 -- 22 December 1967) was West German ambassador to France from 1955 to 1958.	Vollrath von Maltzan	22 December 1899
date of birth	Paul Jack (born 15 May 1965) is a former professional footballer, best known for playing for the Airdrieonians teams of the 1990s.	Paul Jack	15 May 1965
date of birth	Jill Furman (born 1969) is an American theatrical producer.	Jill Furman	1969
date of birth	Wilma Goich' (born 16 October 1945) is an Italian pop singer and television personality.	Wilma Goich	16 October 1945
date of birth	Gunnar Svensson (born 1956) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player and head coach, currently working as a sports agent for players like Henrik Zetterberg, Andreas Pihl and Fredrik Emvall.	Gunnar Svensson	1956
date of birth	Maximilian Fischer (born 1929), is an Austrian entomologist and a specialist on parasitic wasps (Braconidae: Opiinae, Alysiinae).	Maximilian Fischer	1929
date of birth	Hossein Martin Fazeli a.k.a. Naanaam (Persian: نانام‎) (born June 1964 in Shiraz, Iran) is an Iranian Canadian film director and poet.	Hossein Martin Fazeli	1964
date of birth	Alladiya Khan (Hindi: अल्लादिया ख़ान; 10 August 1855 -- 16 March 1946) was an Indian classical singer, known as ``Gaan Samraat'' (Emperor of Music).	Alladiya Khan	10 August 1855
date of birth	Gerhard Vinken (born 15 April 1961 in Hannover) is a German art historian and a professor at the University of Bamberg.	Gerhard Vinken	15 April 1961
date of birth	Jean-Paul Mascarene (c. 1684 -- 22 January 1760) was a Lieutenant-Governor of Nova Scotia and commander of the 40th Regiment of Foot from 1740 to 1749.	Paul Mascarene	1684
date of birth	Sherri Sylvester (born Sherri Kay Sylvester in 1959) was a longtime entertainment reporter for CNN, and sometimes filled in as hostess of Showbiz Today.	Sherri Sylvester	1959
date of birth	Antonio Bevilacqua (22 October 1918 -- 29 March 1972) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer.	Antonio Bevilacqua	22 October 1918
date of birth	Sebastian Uvira (born 26 January 1993 in Freiburg) is a German professional ice hockey Winger.	Sebastian Uvira	26 January 1993
date of birth	Chiara Simoneschi-Cortesi (born 21 April 1946) is a member of the Christian Democratic People's Party (PPD/CVP/PDC), Simoneschi was elected to the National Council in 1999 and re-elected in 2003 and 2007.	Chiara Simoneschi-Cortesi	21 April 1946
date of birth	Gal Arel (Hebrew: גל אראל; born 9 July 1989) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or a central defender.	Gal Arel	9 July 1989
date of birth	Giulio Quaglio the Younger (1668--1751) was an Italian Baroque painter.	Giulio Quaglio the Younger	1668
date of birth	Ken Anderlini (September 11, 1962--2007) was an avant-garde Canadian filmmaker, educator and gay activist.	Ken Anderlini	1962
date of birth	Hasan Aliyev (Azerbaijani: Həsən Əliyev, born 14 November 1989 in Qazakh) is an Azerbaijani World and European champion Greco-Roman wrestler.	Hasan Aliyev	14 November 1989
date of birth	Geoffrey Ballard, CM, OBC (16 October 1932 -- 2 August 2008) was a Canadian geophysicist and businessman.	Geoffrey Ballard	16 October 1932
date of birth	Robert George Dylan Willis MBE (born Robert George Willis on 30 May 1949), known as Bob Willis, is an English former cricketer who played for Surrey, Warwickshire, Northern Transvaal and England.	Bob Willis	30 May 1949
date of birth	Neda Hassani (born 1977, Tehran, Iran; d. June 23, 2003, London, England) is notable as an Iranian protester who committed suicide by self-immolation.	Neda Hassani	1977
date of birth	John Thomas Bayley (August 1868 -- after 1899), generally known as Tom Bayley, was an English professional footballer who played as a right back.	Tom Bayley	August 1868
date of birth	Tony Pounder (born 11 March 1966) is a former professional footballer, who played in The Football League for Bristol Rovers and Hereford United.	Tony Pounder	11 March 1966
date of birth	Ye Weichao (Chinese: 叶伟超; pinyin: Yè Wěichāo; born 18 February 1989) is a Chinese footballer.	Ye Weichao	18 February 1989
date of birth	Franklin Hiram King (8 June 1848 -- 4 August 1911) was an American agricultural scientist who was born on a farm near Whitewater, Wisconsin, attended country schools, and received his professional training first at Whitewater State Normal School and then at Cornell University.	Franklin Hiram King	8 June 1848
date of birth	Cherukuri Ramoji Rao, better known as Ramoji Rao (born 16 November 1936) is an Indian businessman, film producer, educationist, journalist and media entrepreneur.	Ramoji Rao	16 November 1936
date of birth	José Eduardo Sancho Castañeda, better known by hius nom de guerre Fermán Cienfuegos (born 6 March 1947) was the leader of the Salvadoran organization Fuerzas Armadas de la Resistencia Nacional (National Resistance Armed Forces in English, part of Resistencia Nacional or RN).	Fermán Cienfuegos	6 March 1947
date of birth	Marcello Guido (born 1 January 1953) is an Italian deconstructivist architect.	Marcello Guido	1 January 1953
date of birth	Leila Ahmed (born 1940; Arabic: لیلى أحمد‎) is an Egyptian American writer on Islam and Islamic feminism.	Leila Ahmed	1940
date of birth	Rauna Paadar-Leivo (born 1942) is an Inari Sámi author who writes children's books, plays and novels in Northern Sámi.	Rauna Paadar-Leivo	1942
date of birth	Desmond Tan (Chinese: 陈泂江; pinyin: Chén Jiǒngjiāng, born 19 August 1986) is a Singaporean actor.	Desmond Tan	19 August 1986
date of birth	Pat Cubellis (born 1 February 1967) is a Canadian former soccer player who earned six caps for the national team in 1986, scoring one goal in the process.	Pat Cubellis	1 February 1967
date of birth	Roberto Solis (born 1945) is an armored car robber, convicted murderer and poet.	Roberto Solis	1945
date of birth	Jeremy Sheldon (born 1971) is a British screenwriter, author and lecturer.	Jeremy Sheldon	1971
date of birth	Annette Watts, née Culbertson (born c. 1959), is an American high school basketball coach and the current head coach at Greeneville High School.	Annette Watts	1959
date of birth	Russell Gerry Crook (1869--1955) was an American sculptor and craftsman active in the Boston area.	Russell Gerry Crook	1869
date of birth	Louis Andriessen (Dutch pronunciation: (luˈi ˈɑndrisə(n)); born 6 June 1939) is a Dutch composer and pianist based in Amsterdam.	Louis Andriessen	6 June 1939
date of birth	Patrick Barlow (born 18 March 1947) is an English actor, comedian and playwright.	Patrick Barlow	18 March 1947
date of birth	Jak Beula Dodd (born Johnny Alexander Bubeula Dodd on 4 July 1963) is a British entrepreneur specializing in African-centred products for the education, leisure and entertainment industries.	Jak Beula	4 July 1963
date of birth	Yuri Petrovich Figatner (1889 - 1937) was a Soviet party functionary who investigated the Russian Academy of Sciences in 1929.	Yuri Petrovich Figatner	1889
date of birth	Arkadi Duchin (Hebrew: ארקדי דוכין‎, Russian: Аркадий Духин; born 9 June 1963) is an Israeli singer-songwriter and musical producer.	Arkadi Duchin	9 June 1963
date of birth	Christopher Warren-Green (born 30 July 1955) is a British violinist and conductor.	Christopher Warren-Green	30 July 1955
date of birth	Patrick Loubert (born Toronto, Ontario in 1947) was one of the founders of the Canadian animation studio, Nelvana Limited, along with Clive A. Smith and Michael Hirsh.	Patrick Loubert	1947
date of birth	Nita Engle (born 1926, Michigan) is an American watercolor painter.	Nita Engle	1926
date of birth	Šárka Pančochová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈʃaːrka ˈpantʃoxovaː), born 1 November 1990) is a Czech snowboarder.	Šárka Pančochová	1 November 1990
date of birth	August Ferdinand Kuwert ( 15 October 1828, Nidden - 14 August 1894, Wernsdorf, südl. von Königsberg) was a German entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera.	August Ferdinand Kuwert	15 October 1828
date of birth	Dr. Golam Yazdani, son of Moulvi Raisuddin Ahmed, was born at Barogachi in Malda district in January 1917.	Golam Yazdani	January 1917
date of birth	Christopher de Bellaigue (born 1971 in London) is a journalist who has worked on the Middle East and South Asia since 1994.	Christopher de Bellaigue	1971
date of birth	Ferdinand de Meeûs (1798--1861) was a Belgian banker, businessman and politician.	Ferdinand de Meeûs	1798
date of birth	Constantinos Daskalakis (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Δασκαλάκης; born 1981) is a Greek Professor at MIT's Electrical Engineering and Computer Science department and a member of CSAIL.	Constantinos Daskalakis	1981
date of birth	Mallu Bhatti Vikramarka (born 1961) is a Politician from Indian state of Telangana.	Mallu Bhatti Vikramarka	1961
date of birth	Lemuel Sawyer (1777 -- January 9, 1852) was a Congressional Representative from North Carolina.	Lemuel Sawyer	1777
date of birth	Mohsen Hashemi Rafsanjani (born 24 October 1961 in Qom) is a politician, businessman, mechanical engineer.	Mohsen Hashemi	24 October 1961
date of birth	Mamitu Daska Molisa (born 16 October 1983), also known as Mamitu Deska, is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specialises in road running events, including the marathon.	Mamitu Daska	16 October 1983
date of birth	Steve Larder ( 5 March 1963 ) born in Darwin, Northern Territory, is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, playing at club level for Illawarra Steelers, and Castleford as a Fullback, or Wing, i.e. number 1, or, 2 or 5.	Steve Larder	5 March 1963
date of birth	Jeannette Armstrong (born 1948) (Okanagan) is a Canadian author, educator, artist, and activist.	Jeannette Armstrong	1948
date of birth	Kim Kuk-young (born 19 April 1991) is a South Korean track and field sprinter who competed in the 100 metres.	Kim Kuk-young	19 April 1991
date of birth	Heinz Heck (22 January 1894 -- 5 March 1982) was a German biologist and director of Hellabrunn Zoo (Tierpark Hellabrunn) in Munich.	Heinz Heck	22 January 1894
date of birth	Dragan Mutibarić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дpaгaн Mутибapић, born 10 November 1946) is a former Serbian football player.	Dragan Mutibarić	10 November 1946
date of birth	Eva Åkesson (born 30 December 1961 in Ängelholm) is a Swedish professor of chemical physics, who is Rectrix magnifica (Vice-chancellor) of Uppsala University.	Eva Åkesson	30 December 1961
date of birth	Lou Bega (born David Lubega on 13 April 1975) is a German mambo musician of Italian and Ugandan descent.	Lou Bega	13 April 1975
date of birth	Edin Rustemović (Serbian Cyrillic: Един Рустемовић, born 6 January 1993) is a Bosnian footballer who currently plays for Bosnian Premier League club FK Sarajevo.	Edin Rustemović	6 January 1993
date of birth	T. V. Rajeswar (born 28 August 1926, Salem, Tamil Nadu) is a former Indian Police Service officer, former Intelligence Bureau chief and former Governor of Sikkim, West Bengal and Uttar Pradesh.	T. V. Rajeswar	28 August 1926
date of birth	Till Nowak was born 28 July 1980, in Bonn, Germany, and until 2008 lived in Mainz.	Till Nowak	28 July 1980
date of birth	Silas Kipruto (born 26 September 1984) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who specializes in the half marathon and 10K run events, with personal bests of 27:28 minutes and 59:39 minutes respectively.	Silas Kipruto	26 September 1984
date of birth	Shao Ting (Chinese: 邵婷, born 10 December 1989) is a Chinese basketball player for Beijing Great Wall and the Chinese national team, where she participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship.	Shao Ting	10 December 1989
date of birth	Denison Bollay (born 1952) is a software engineer working on computer languages and search algorithms, with applications for e-commerce and financial information.	Denison Bollay	1952
date of birth	Salman Ahmad (Urdu: سلمان احمد‎, b. 12 December 1963), is a Pakistani musician, rock guitarist, physician, activist, and the professor at the City University of New York.	Salman Ahmad	12 December 1963
date of birth	Jacob Boll (28 May 1828 -- 29 September 1880) was a Swiss naturalist and entomologist especially noted for his exploration of Texas.	Jacob Boll	28 May 1828
date of birth	Jenny Hale (born 1959) is an Australian illustrator and author who has published 20 children's picture books, including the Double Delight flap books with hundreds of thousands of copies in print.	Jenny Hale	1959
date of birth	Marcela Gardeazabal, better known by her stage name, Marcela Mar, is a Colombian actress, born on 16 March 1979.	Marcela Mar	16 March 1979
date of birth	Giovanni Battista Colomba (born 1638) was an Italian painter and architect of the Baroque period.	Giovanni Battista Colomba	1638
date of birth	Christian Raster (1776--1832), was a statesman in Anhalt-Dessau and administrative officer to Leopold IV, Duke of Anhalt-Dessau.	Christian Raster	1776
date of birth	Elmer Scipio Dundy (1830--1896) was a Nebraskan judge best known as the namesake of Dundy County, Nebraska.	Elmer Scipio Dundy	1830
date of birth	Filmon Ghirmai (born 25 January 1979 in Asmara, Eritrea, then People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia) is a German runner who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Filmon Ghirmai	25 January 1979
date of birth	Hamish Hancock (born 1947 in Wellington), is a former National Party MP for Horowhenua and a lawyer.	Hamish Hancock	1947
date of birth	Stephen Lunn (born 12 March 1956) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray and Geelong over five seasons in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Stephen Lunn	12 March 1956
date of birth	William Morison (1843--1937) was a Scottish presbyterian minister, writer and biographer.	William Morison	1843
date of birth	Prince Rasso of Bavaria (German: Rasso Maximilian Rupprecht Prinz von Bayern) (24 May 1926 -- 12 September 2011) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach.	Prince Rasso of Bavaria	24 May 1926
date of birth	Lieutenant Commander John David Eagles AFC FRAeS (born 1935) is a British former test pilot and former Fleet Air Arm aviator.	David Eagles	1935
date of birth	John Truby (born 1952) is a screenwriter, director and screenwriting teacher.	John Truby	1952
date of birth	John Wesley McCormick, Sr. (1754--1837) was a nineteenth-century settler in Indiana.	John Wesley McCormick	1754
date of birth	Alicia (Zumpino) Roberts (born c. 1981) is a former Miss Philadelphia who now serves as the Regional Vice President of Retail Sales for ChatID, a technology company connecting retailers and brands one-on-one with their customers.	Alicia (Zumpino) Roberts	1981
date of birth	Amber L. Hollibaugh (born 1946) is an American writer, film-maker and political activist.	Amber L. Hollibaugh	1946
date of birth	Liu Fu-hao (simplified Chinese: 刘芙豪; traditional Chinese: 劉芙豪; pinyin: Liú Fúháo) born November 14, 1978, is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Uni-President Lions of Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Liu Fu-hao	1978
date of birth	Govindarajan Padmanaban (born 20 March 1938, Madras) is an Indian biochemist and biotechnologist.	Govindarajan Padmanaban	20 March 1938
date of birth	Gritakumar E. Chitty (born 14 June 1939 in Colombo) is a Sri Lankan Jurists and former Registrar of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea.	Gritakumar E. Chitty	14 June 1939
date of birth	Crescent Porter Hale (1872--1937) was an American industrialist who was involved in the canned salmon industry in Bristol Bay, Alaska throughout his adult life.	Crescent Porter Hale	1872
date of birth	Theophilus John McKee, Born 1880, Died August 4, 1948.	Theophilus John McKee	1880
date of birth	Mimi Lo Man-chong (born 30 December 1974), is a cantopop singer, actress, and radio DJ, having released 11 studio albums and appearing in numerous films, television dramas and stage productions, currently affiliated with TVB in Hong Kong.	Mimi Lo	30 December 1974
date of birth	Yasutoshi Yukawa (born 1941 - 25.8.2014) was a Japanese linguist who contributed to African and Tibetan linguistics.	Yasutoshi Yukawa	1941
date of birth	Vittoria Valmaggia (Oria, 29 March 1944 - Modena, 31 October 2009) was an Italian artist.	Vittoria Valmaggia	29 March 1944
date of birth	Margherita Spiluttini (born 1947) is an Austrian photographer specializing in architecture.	Margherita Spiluttini	1947
date of birth	Dejan Petrovic (Serbian Cyrillic: Дејан Петровић, Dejan Petrović; born 3 April 1978) is an Australian-born Serbian tennis coach and former professional tennis player.	Dejan Petrovic	3 April 1978
date of birth	Fransiskus Xaverius Sukendar Wignyosumarta (born 8 August 1964) was the Vicar General of the Archdiocese of Semarang.	Fransiskus Xaverius Sukendar Wignyosumarta	8 August 1964
date of birth	Isbrand van Diemerbroeck (also Ijsbrand or Ysbrand) (13 December 1609 -- 16 November 1674) was a Dutch physician, anatomist, and professor.	Isbrand van Diemerbroeck	13 December 1609
date of birth	Igor Radrezza (born 6 June 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays for Lega Pro side Renate, as of 2014--15 season.	Igor Radrezza	6 June 1993
date of birth	Rami Makhlouf (Arabic: رامي مخلوف‎, born 10 July 1969) is a wealthy Syrian businessman and the maternal cousin of President Bashar al-Assad.	Rami Makhlouf	10 July 1969
date of birth	John Maultsby (born 1981), better known by his stage name D.O.E. (Dominant Over Everyone) is an American rapper/songwriter, born in North Side Queens.	D.O.E.	1981
date of birth	Tamara Beckwith (born 17 April 1970) is an English celebrity.	Tamara Beckwith	17 April 1970
date of birth	Henry Goslin MC, (9 November 1909 -- December 1943), better known as Harry Goslin, was an English footballer who played for Bolton Wanderers for the whole of his professional career.	Harry Goslin	9 November 1909
date of birth	Daisy Beaumont (born 29 June 1973) is an English actress, arguably most known for her work parodying celebrities such as Catherine Zeta-Jones, Victoria Beckham and Katie Price on the Channel 4 comedy show Star Stories.	Daisy Beaumont	29 June 1973
date of birth	Dave Molinari (born 1955 in Glassport, Pennsylvania) is an American sports journalist for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Dave Molinari	1955
date of birth	Jan III van Montfoort (or Johan van Montfoort), (ca. 1448 -- March 28, 1522) was Viscount of Montfoort, Lord of Zuid-Polsbroek, Lord of Purmerend-Purmerland, and a leader of the Hook Party in the Bishopric of Utrecht.	Jan III van Montfoort	1448
date of birth	Austin Stevens (born 19 May 1950) is a South African herpetologist, wildlife photographer, film maker and author best known for hosting a series of snake documentaries, best known of which is Austin Stevens:	Austin Stevens	19 May 1950
date of birth	Lee Li Lian (simplified Chinese: 李丽连; traditional Chinese: 李麗連; pinyin: Li Lìlián, born 19 July 1978) is a Singaporean politician.	Lee Li Lian	19 July 1978
date of birth	Bård Eker (born 10 October 1961) is a Norwegian industrial designer and entrepreneur.	Bård Eker	10 October 1961
date of birth	Paudie O'Dwyer (born 1982) is an Irish hurler who currently played as a right wing-back for the Limerick senior team.	Paudie O'Dwyer	1982
date of birth	Otelo Ocampos Espíndola (born 10 June 1983 in Escobar, Paraguarí Department) is a Paraguayan footballer who currently plays as a striker for Primera División Chilena club Universidad de Concepción.	Otelo Ocampos	10 June 1983
date of birth	Hidajet Biščević (often spelled Hido Biščević; born 18 September 1951 in Sarajevo) is a Croatian diplomat, former Secretary General of the Regional Cooperation Council.	Hidajet Biščević	18 September 1951
date of birth	Rune E. Kristiansen (born 30 October 1948) was a Norwegian typographer, trade unionist and politician for the Labour Party.	Rune E. Kristiansen	30 October 1948
date of birth	Joey Meng Yee-man (born 2 October 1970) is a Hong Kong actress, model, and beauty spokesperson.	Joey Meng	2 October 1970
date of birth	Knut Liestøl (13 November 1881 -- 26 June 1952) was a Norwegian folklorist, Nynorsk proponent and politician.	Knut Liestøl	13 November 1881
date of birth	Carol J. Adams (born 1951) is an American writer, feminist, and animal rights advocate.	Carol J. Adams	1951
date of birth	Roger Schawinski (born 11 June 1945 in Zurich) is a Swiss journalist and entrepreneur as well as the creator of Swiss consumer watchdog program Kassensturz (English 'cash check').	Roger Schawinski	11 June 1945
date of birth	Ric Frazier (born April 1971 in Freeport, Texas) is an American photographer and an advertising director specializing in underwater photography.	Ric Frazier	1971
date of birth	José María Amigó Ferrer (17 October 1854 -- 1 October 1934) was a Spanish Roman Catholic who served as the Bishop of Segorbe.	José María Amigó Ferrer	17 October 1854
date of birth	Georgios Moraitinis (Greek: Γεώργιος Μωραϊτίνης, born 1892, date of death unknown) was a Greek sport shooter.	Georgios Moraitinis	1892
date of birth	Saviour Montebello, son of Joseph (1730--1768) and Catherine née Caruana (1731--?), was born at Zejtun, Malta, on 9 June 1762.	Saviour Montebello	9 June 1762
date of birth	Carmen M. Pursifull (born September 1, 1930) is a former New York City Latin dance and Latin American music figure of the 1950s, and since 1970 in Illinois, is an English-language free verse poet who was a top ten finalist nominee for Poet Laureate of that state in 2003.	Carmen M. Pursifull	1930
date of birth	Janez Bončina, nicknamed Benč (born 3 December 1947) is a Slovenian composer, guitarist and singer.	Janez Bončina	3 December 1947
date of birth	Dong Yong (other names: 董勇, Tung Yung; born 15 December 1968, China) is a Chinese actor.	Dong Yong	15 December 1968
date of birth	Ioan Iacob Heraclid (or Eraclid) (1511--1563), also known as Jacob Heraclides, was a Greek soldier and ruler of Moldavia from November 1561 to November 1563, most notable for being the first officially Protestant monarch in Eastern Europe.	Iacob Heraclid	1511
date of birth	James Vincent Murphy (7 July 1880 -- 5 July 1945) was an Irish translator, writer, and journalist, who published one of the first complete English translations of Mein Kampf in 1939.	James Vincent Murphy	7 July 1880
date of birth	Emőke Szőcs (born 20 October 1985) is a Hungarian professional biathlonist.	Emőke Szőcs	20 October 1985
date of birth	Naveen D. Padil (born November 11, 1969) is an Indian theatre and film actor who has performed in over a thousand plays mostly in Tulu language.	Naveen D. Padil	1969
date of birth	Rita Guerra (born Rita Maria de Azevedo Mafra Guerra on 22 October 1967) is a Portuguese singer.	Rita Guerra	22 October 1967
date of birth	Yuta Kinowaki (born 22 January 1991) is a Japanese professional footballer who plays midfielder for Aizawl in the I-League.	Yuta Kinowaki	22 January 1991
date of birth	James Stannage, born 22 February 1950, is an English late night talk show radio host.	James Stannage	22 February 1950
date of birth	Enzo L'Acqua is an Italian painter and ceramist born in Savona in 1938.	Enzo L'Acqua	1938
date of birth	Kirk Reynoldson (born 11 March 1979 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the St. George Illawarra Dragons of the National Rugby League.	Kirk Reynoldson	11 March 1979
date of birth	Robert Manuel Cook FBA (4 July 1909 -- 10 August 2000) was a classical scholar and classical archaeologist from England with expertise in Greek painted vases.	Robert Manuel Cook	4 July 1909
date of birth	Ayya Sudhamma Bhikkhuni (born in 1963 in Charlotte, North Carolina) is abbess of Charlotte Buddhist Vihara.	Ayya Sudhamma Bhikkhuni	1963
date of birth	Ramadhan Nsanzurwimo (born in 1966) is a Burundian football manager.	Ramadhan Nsanzurwimo	1966
date of birth	Wang Guangyi (in Chinese:王广义, born 1957) is a Chinese artist.	Wang Guangyi	1957
date of birth	Hanneke Hoefnagel (born 12 October 1988) is a former Dutch gymnast, whose favorite discipline was the beam.	Hanneke Hoefnagel	12 October 1988
date of birth	Dime Jankulovski (born 18 June 1977) is a Swedish football coach and former professional player of Macedonian descent who is currently manager for Lärje-Angered IF.	Dime Jankulovski	18 June 1977
date of birth	Terry Ruane (born 21 November 1946 in Croydon, Surrey) is an English actor and director who became profoundly deaf as a result of meningitis at the age of five.	Terry Ruane	21 November 1946
date of birth	Fabian Roosenbrand (born 18 December 1988 in Almelo) is a former Dutch darts player, who currently resides in Enschede.	Fabian Roosenbrand	18 December 1988
date of birth	Jim Mullen (born 26 November 1945) is a Glasgow-born jazz guitarist with a distinctive style, like Wes Montgomery before him, picking with the thumb rather than a plectrum.	Jim Mullen	26 November 1945
date of birth	Detto Mariano (born 27 July 1937) is an Italian composer, arranger, lyricist, pianist, record producer and music publisher.	Detto Mariano	27 July 1937
date of birth	Christopher Wandesford, 1st Viscount Castlecomer (19 August 1656 -- 15 September 1707) was an Anglo-Irish politician and peer.	Christopher Wandesford, 1st Viscount Castlecomer	19 August 1656
date of birth	Peter Doig (/ˈdɔɪɡ/ DOYG; born 17 April 1959) is a Scottish painter.	Peter Doig	17 April 1959
date of birth	Pushpa Bhuyan (c. 1946 -- 7 October 2015) was an Indian classical dancer specialising in the Indian classical dance forms of Bharatanatyam and Sattriya.	Pushpa Bhuyan	1946
date of birth	Luís Carlos Pereira Carneiro (born 8 September 1988), known as Licá, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Vitória S.C. on loan from FC Porto as a right winger.	Licá	8 September 1988
date of birth	Gigi Rigamonti (born 8 April 1949) is an Italian artist, sculptor and designer.	Gigi Rigamonti	8 April 1949
date of birth	Andreas Petrus Lundin (21 July 1869 -- August 29, 1929), or Andrew Peter Lundin I, was an engineer for the Welin Marine Equipment Company.	Andreas Petrus Lundin	21 July 1869
date of birth	Vittorio Bellentani (1906 - 26 March 1968) was an Italian automobile engineer and racing driver.	Vittorio Bellentani	1906
date of birth	Yoann Kowal (born 28 May 1987) is a French middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres and 3000 metres steeplechase.	Yoann Kowal	28 May 1987
date of birth	Marie Eliane Saholinirina (born 20 March 1983 in Betsihaka) is an Malagasy athlete who specialises in the 1500 metres.	Eliane Saholinirina	20 March 1983
date of birth	Philip Deignan (Irish: Pilib Ó Duígeannáin; born 7 September 1983) is an Irish Olympian and professional road racing cyclist for UCI ProTeam Team Sky.	Philip Deignan	7 September 1983
date of birth	Leonard W. Miller (born 1934) is one of two black motor racing pioneers living in the United States.	Leonard W. Miller	1934
date of birth	David Wessels (born 1982), is a South African professional rugby union football coach.	David Wessels	1982
date of birth	Zoltán Stieber (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈzoltaːn ˈʃtiːbɛr); born 16 October 1988) is a professional Hungarian footballer of German descent who plays for 1.	Zoltán Stieber	16 October 1988
date of birth	Najm Hamad al-Ahmad (Arabic: نجم حمد الأحمد‎) (born 1969) is a Syrian jurist and justice minister.	Najm Hamad al-Ahmad	1969
date of birth	Alfred Guzzetti (born 1942) is a maker of documentary and experimental films and tapes.	Alfred Guzzetti	1942
date of birth	Radovan Brenkus (born 30 January 1974, Bardejov) is a Slovak writer, translator and critic.	Radovan Brenkus	30 January 1974
date of birth	Carlos Espeleta (born April 22, 1985 or March 21, 1984) is an Argentine weightlifter.	Carlos Espeleta	1985
date of birth	Kelvin Batey (b. 9 May 1981 from Market Warsop, Nottinghamshire) is a British born professional ``Mid/Current School'' Bicycle Motocross (BMX) racer who competed for Great Britain from the start of his career until 2008 and then for Ireland.	Kelvin Batey	9 May 1981
date of birth	Lillian Roxon (8 February 1932 -- 10 August 1973) was a noted Australian journalist and author, best known for Lillian Roxon's Rock Encyclopedia (1969).	Lillian Roxon	8 February 1932
date of birth	Charles Coolidge Parlin (1872 -- October 15, 1942) was the American ``manager of the division of commercial research of the Curtis Publishing Company'' in charge of selling advertising spots in the Saturday Evening Post.	Charles Coolidge Parlin	1872
date of birth	Maharani Gina Narayan, née Georgina May Egan (c. 1930 -- 14 January 2013), was a British-born Indian royal, being the second wife of the Maharaja of Cooch Behar, Jagaddipendra Narayan.	Maharani Gina Narayan	1930
date of birth	Andrew Sabin (born 1958, London, England) studied at Chelsea College of Art (1979-1983) where he worked as a senior lecturer until 2006.	Andrew Sabin	1958
date of birth	Gregory Euclide (born 1974) is an American contemporary artist and teacher who currently lives and works outside of Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Gregory Euclide	1974
date of birth	Dr. C. Sylendra Babu IPS (born 5 June 1962) is an Indian Police Service Officer of the 1987 batch belonging to the Tamil Nadu cadre.	C. Sylendra Babu	5 June 1962
date of birth	Chris Lamb (born 11 March 1981) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) and with the Sandringham Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Chris Lamb	11 March 1981
date of birth	Annette Weintraub (born 1946) is an American new media artist and writer.	Annette Weintraub	1946
date of birth	Li Zhiguo (simplified Chinese: 李志国; traditional Chinese: 李志國; pinyin: Lĭ Zhìguó; born October 1956) is a Chinese diplomat and currently the Chinese Ambassador to Libya.	Li Zhiguo	1956
date of birth	Halldis Neegaard Østbye, née Halldis Neegaard (23 May 1896 -- 13 Oct 1983) was a Norwegian anti-Semite and national socialist.	Halldis Neegaard Østbye	23 May 1896
date of birth	William Hedley Kett, DSC and Bar (28 July 1913 -- 28 June 2014) was a British submariner who commanded two ships during the Second World War.	Hedley Kett	28 July 1913
date of birth	Wally Matera (born 9 September 1963) is a former Australian rules footballer of Indigenous and Italian heritage.	Wally Matera	9 September 1963
date of birth	Giuseppe Cindolo (born 5 August 1945) is an Italian former long-distance runner, third at the 1974 European Athletics Championships on 10000 metres.	Giuseppe Cindolo	5 August 1945
date of birth	Herminio Jose Lualhati Alcasid, Jr. (born 27 August 1967), known as Ogie Alcasid is a Filipino singer-songwriter, television presenter, comedian, parodist, and actor.	Ogie Alcasid	27 August 1967
date of birth	Maud de Braose, Lady of Bramber (c. 1155 -- 1210) was the wife of William de Braose, 4th Lord of Bramber, a powerful Marcher baron and court favourite of King John of England.	Maud de Braose	1155
date of birth	Pietro Paolo Baldini (1614?-1684?) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Pietro Paolo Baldini	1614
date of birth	Leonor Maia, pseudonym of Maria da Conceição de Vasconcelos (born 8 December 1921) was a Portuguese film actress active in the 1940s, best remembered for her role in The Tyrant Father.	Leonor Maia	8 December 1921
date of birth	Satoru Tanigawa (Japanese: 谷川聡; born 5 July 1972 in Tokyo) is a retired Japanese athlete who specialised in the 110 metres hurdles.	Satoru Tanigawa	5 July 1972
date of birth	Stancho Kolev Ivanov (Bulgarian: Станчо Колев Иванов, born 11 April 1937) is a retired Bulgarian freestyle wrestler.	Stancho Kolev	11 April 1937
date of birth	Bernard Breslin (2 May 1874 -- 10 November 1913) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Hibernian, the Scottish League and Scotland.	Bernard Breslin	2 May 1874
date of birth	Princess Leopoldina of Savoy (Leopoldina Maria; 21 December 1744 -- 17 April 1807) was a Princess of Savoy and later the Princess of Melfi, as wife of Giovanni Andrea VI Doria-Pamphilj-Landi, (13) Prince of Melfi.	Princess Leopoldina of Savoy	21 December 1744
date of birth	Louis-Martin Berthault (30 September 1770 -- 16 August 1823) was a French architect, decorator, engraver and landscape artist.	Louis-Martin Berthault	30 September 1770
date of birth	Allan Dellon Santos Dantas or simply Allan Dellon (born 16 February 1979), is a Brazilian striker.	Allan Dellon	16 February 1979
date of birth	Zaim Muzaferija (9 March 1923 -- 5 November 2003) was a Bosnian film, television and stage actor and poet.	Zaim Muzaferija	9 March 1923
date of birth	Ahmet İlhan Özek (born 1 January 1988) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a winger for Turkish Süper Lig club Çaykur Rizespor.	Ahmet İlhan Özek	1 January 1988
date of birth	Wendy Jane Walker (born, 1964, Manchester, Lancashire) is an actress who became well known during the 1980s for playing Susan Barlow in the ITV Soap Opera, Coronation Street.	Wendy Jane Walker	1964
date of birth	Mohammed Awol Ibrahim (born 1978 in Wollo) is an Ethiopian runner who specializes in cross-country running.	Mohammed Awol	1978
date of birth	Zhang Yueran (Chinese:张悦然, born 1982) is a Chinese writer.	Zhang Yueran	1982
date of birth	Maxon Crumb (born 1945) is an American artist and the younger brother of underground cartoonist Robert Crumb and Charles Crumb, and the uncle of Sophie Crumb, he also has two sisters, Carol DeGennaro and Sandra Colorado, who is the widow of writer Marty Pahls, a Robert Crumb crony.	Maxon Crumb	1945
date of birth	Madeline Cox Arleo (born 1963) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey and a former United States Magistrate Judge of the same court.	Madeline Cox Arleo	1963
date of birth	Vadim Afonin (Russian: Вадим Афонин, born 29 September 1987) is an Uzbek-Russian footballer who currently plays for Gazovik Orenburg.	Vadim Afonin	29 September 1987
date of birth	Dina Zaman (born 1969, Kuala Lumpur) is a Malaysian writer whose works have been published in the media.	Dina Zaman	1969
date of birth	Jaycee Chan Jo-ming (born 3 December 1982) is an American-born Hong Kong actor and singer.	Jaycee Chan	3 December 1982
date of birth	Eser Yağmur (born 29 May 1983) is a Turkish professional footballer who last played as a striker for Kartalspor.	Eser Yağmur	29 May 1983
date of birth	Little is known of the early life of the Korean Seon master Hyujeong (Hangul: 휴정; hanja: 休靜, 1520-1604) other than that he was born in 1520 and that he became a monk.	Hyujeong	1520
date of birth	Pedro Penedo (born 16 May 1977), better known as Pedro Cazanova , is a Portuguese house music disc jockey and record producer.	Pedro Cazanova	16 May 1977
date of birth	Jan Tichy (1974) is a Chicago based artist and educator, born in Czechoslovakia.	Jan Tichy	1974
date of birth	Christian Sulheim (born 5 August 1952) is a Norwegian cultural heritage conservationist, farmer and businessman.	Christian Sulheim	5 August 1952
date of birth	Jeremy Metcalfe (born 9 April 1988 in Fleet, Hampshire) is a British motor racing driver who last competed in 2008 in the British GT Championship where he finished the season as Vice-Champion along with team-mate Luke Hines.	Jeremy Metcalfe	9 April 1988
date of birth	Joseph Kimani (September 1, 1972 - November 1, 2012) was a Kenyan long-distance runner who competed over 10,000 metres on the track and in road running competitions.	Joseph Kimani	1972
date of birth	Sini Jose (Malayalam: സിനി ജോസ്) (born 25 May 1987) is an Indian sprint athlete from Ernakulam district, Kerala who specializes in 400 metres.	Sini Jose	25 May 1987
date of birth	Courttia Newland (25 August 1973) is a British writer of Jamaican and Bajan heritage.	Courttia Newland	25 August 1973
date of birth	Tajudeen Obasa (born 29 August 1970) was born in Ojo, a town and local government area in Lagos.	Tajudeen Obasa	29 August 1970
date of birth	Christian Noël (born 13 March 1945) is a retired French foil fencer, and medalists in four consecutive Olympics, from 1964 to 1976.	Christian Noël	13 March 1945
date of birth	William Martin Beauchamp (March 25, 1830--1925) was an American ethnologist and Episcopal clergyman.	William Martin Beauchamp	1830
date of birth	Ermin Gadžo (born 19 May 1990) is a Bosnian footballer who last played for IFK Mariehamn in the Finnish Veikkausliiga.	Ermin Gadžo	19 May 1990
date of birth	Luis Filcer (born 1927) is a Mexican Expressionist painter, whose works generally deal with themes of injustice and struggle.	Luis Filcer	1927
date of birth	Walter Meeuws (born 11 July 1951) is a retired Belgian footballer and current manager.	Walter Meeuws	11 July 1951
date of birth	Natsue Yoshimura (吉村夏枝 Yoshimura Natsue, born 19 August 1973) is a former J-pop singer and member of the groups Lip's and Nanatsuboshi.	Natsue Yoshimura	19 August 1973
date of birth	May Sinclair was the pseudonym of Mary Amelia St. Clair (24 August 1863 -- 14 November 1946), a popular British writer who wrote about two dozen novels, short stories and poetry.	May Sinclair	24 August 1863
date of birth	Eric Garris (born December 1953) is an activist in the libertarian movement in the United States He is the founding webmaster of two prominent libertarian websites, Antiwar.com and LewRockwell.com.	Eric Garris	December 1953
date of birth	Domagoj Kapec (10 December 1989, Zagreb, then SR Croatia-- 10 September 2008) was a Croatian ice hockey player who last played for KHL Zagreb.	Domagoj Kapec	10 December 1989
date of birth	Mory Sinkoun Kaba (1933 -- 2015), known as Kaba Mory or MS, was a Guinean businessman and philanthropist.	Mory Sinkoun Kaba	1933
date of birth	Angela Bruce (born 1951) is an English actress, noted for her television work.	Angela Bruce	1951
date of birth	Antonio María García (1868 -- July 24, 1923), nicknamed ``El Inglés'' (``The Englishman''), was a Cuban baseball catcher in the Cuban League.	Antonio María García	1868
date of birth	Mohammad Nazir (born 8 March 1946) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 14 Tests and 4 One Day International matches from 1969 to 1984 and became a cricket umpire after he retired from professional cricket.	Mohammad Nazir	8 March 1946
date of birth	J. Anthony Holmes (born 1950) was the Deputy to the Commander for Civil-Military Activity, U.S. Africa Command until 2012.	J. Anthony Holmes	1950
date of birth	Ingrid Rosas is a Mexican abstract artist born in León, Guanajuato in 1967.	Ingrid Rosas	1967
date of birth	John Martin Harvey (22 June 1863 -- 14 May 1944), known after his knighthood in 1921 as Sir John Martin-Harvey, was an English stage actor.	John Martin-Harvey	22 June 1863
date of birth	Munsur Ali (Bengali: মুনসুর আলী; born 25 May 1978) Bangladeshi-born British film producer, screenwriter, director and social entrepreneur.	Munsur Ali	25 May 1978
date of birth	Sumrit Shahi was born on 12 February 1993 into a family of builders, in Chandigarh, India.	Sumrit Shahi	12 February 1993
date of birth	Du Chun (born 22 May 1981) is a Chinese actor best known for playing leading roles in many television series, including The Emperor in Han Dynasty, The Legend of the Banner Hero and In Enemy Camp for 18 Years 2.	Du Chun	22 May 1981
date of birth	Rory Harper (born 1950) is an American science fiction writer and community activist living in College Station, Texas.	Rory Harper	1950
date of birth	Virendra Kumar Sakhlecha (Hindi: वीरेंद्र कुमार सखलेचा) (4 March 1930 -- 1999) was an Indian politician and the chief minister of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh from 18 January 1978 to 19 January 1980.	Virendra Kumar Sakhlecha	4 March 1930
date of birth	Lee Beard (born 1975 in Salford, England) is a British boxing trainer.	Lee Beard	1975
date of birth	Yves Tronc (born 30 June 1960) is a French sport shooter who specializes in the trap.	Yves Tronc	30 June 1960
date of birth	Jock Sturges (born 1947, New York) is an American photographer, best known for his images of nude adolescents and their families.	Jock Sturges	1947
date of birth	Till Fellner (born 9 March 1972) is an Austrian pianist.	Till Fellner	9 March 1972
date of birth	William Saburo Yoshida (Japanese: 吉田三郎, December 1921- February 17, 2005), better known as Bill Yoshida, was a long time letterer for Archie Comics.	Bill Yoshida	December 1921
date of birth	Vicente Grau Juan (born 6 April 1968 in València) is a professional Valencian pilota player known as Grau.	Vicente Grau Juan	6 April 1968
date of birth	Linghu Defen (Chinese: 令狐德棻; pinyin: Línghú Défēn) (582--666), formally Duke Xian of Pengyang (彭陽憲公), was an official of the Chinese dynasties Sui Dynasty and Tang Dynasty.	Linghu Defen	582
date of birth	Father Doctor Giuseppe Ambrosoli (25 July 1923 - 27 March 1987), often referred to as Father Giuseppe or as Dr. Ambrosoli, was a Catholic priest, physician, surgeon, missionary, philanthropist, educator and visionary in Uganda.	Giuseppe Ambrosoli	25 July 1923
date of birth	Luke Eves (born 11 April 1989 in Bristol, England) is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Championship.	Luke Eves	11 April 1989
date of birth	Tom Sinclair (born 1957) was the 1979 NCAA Division I national champion for the javelin throw .	Tom Sinclair	1957
date of birth	Verity Sharp (born 1970) is a television and radio presenter from England.	Verity Sharp	1970
date of birth	Zhang Xiaobai (simplified Chinese: 张小白; traditional Chinese: 張小白; pinyin: Zhāng Xiǎobaí; born 19 December 1982) is a Chinese comics artist.	Zhang Xiaobai	19 December 1982
date of birth	John Otterbein Snyder (1867-1943) was an American ichthyologist and professor of zoology at Stanford University.	John Otterbein Snyder	1867
date of birth	Yang Xiaochao (Chinese: 杨晓超; born November 1958) is a Chinese politician and senior auditor who spent most of his career in Beijing.	Yang Xiaochao	1958
date of birth	George Duckworth (9 May 1901 -- 5 January 1966) was a professional cricketer who played first-class cricket for Lancashire and England.	George Duckworth	9 May 1901
date of birth	Anne Jarvis (born 31 July 1962) is the first woman to be the university librarian at the University of Cambridge.	Anne Jarvis	31 July 1962
date of birth	Cheryl Baker (born Rita Maria Crudgington; 8 March 1954) is an English television presenter and singer.	Cheryl Baker	8 March 1954
date of birth	Grant Morrison, MBE (born 31 January 1960) is a Scottish comic book writer, playwright, and occultist.	Grant Morrison	31 January 1960
date of birth	Thiago Pinto Borges (born 22 October 1988), commonly known simply as Thiago, is a Brazilian footballer, who plays for Þróttur of the 1.	Thiago Pinto Borges	22 October 1988
date of birth	Stephen Hopgood (born 1965) is Professor of International Relations at the SOAS, University of London.	Stephen Hopgood	1965
date of birth	Richie Murray (born 1982 in Ballinasloe) is an Irish sportsperson.	Richie Murray	1982
date of birth	Øyvin Thon (born 25 March 1958) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor, and several times world champion.	Øyvin Thon	25 March 1958
date of birth	Darrell Eastlake (born 11 July 1942) is a former Australian television presenter.	Darrell Eastlake	11 July 1942
date of birth	Miwako Yamanaka (born 24 May 1978) is a retired Japanese long-distance runner.	Miwako Yamanaka	24 May 1978
date of birth	Michael Sadleir (25 December 1888 -- 13 December 1957) was a British novelist and book collector.	Michael Sadleir	25 December 1888
date of birth	Mattie Delaney (ca. 1905 -- unknown) was an American delta blues singer and guitarist.	Mattie Delaney	1905
date of birth	Leif Silbersky (born 8 March 1938 in Malmö, Skåne) is a well-known Swedish lawyer and author, living in Stockholm.	Leif Silbersky	8 March 1938
date of birth	Cormac Devlin (born 30 August 1980) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who is a County Councillor on Dún Laoghaire Rathdown County Council representing the Dún Laoghaire local electoral area.	Cormac Devlin	30 August 1980
date of birth	Elfriede Wever (later Senden, 6 July 1900 -- 30 November 1941) was a German runner.	Elfriede Wever	6 July 1900
date of birth	Armando Lucero (1942 -- May 5, 2010) was an Argentine man arrested in 2009 on charges of raping one of his daughters over a period of 20 years.	Armando Lucero	1942
date of birth	Sveinbjörn Egilsson (24 February 1791 -- 17 August 1852) was an Icelandic theologian, classicist, teacher, translator and poet.	Sveinbjörn Egilsson	24 February 1791
date of birth	Robert W. Patten (1832--1913) was a Seattleite from the turn of the 20th century.	Robert W. Patten	1832
date of birth	Keith Milte (28 May 1917 -- 21 August 2003) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Keith Milte	28 May 1917
date of birth	Neeraj Goswami (Devanagari: नीरज गोस्वामी), born in Patna in 1964, is an Indian Artist.	Neeraj Goswami	1964
date of birth	Miguel Janssen (born 5 September 1970 in Oranjestad) is a retired Dutch-Aruban athlete who competed in sprinting events.	Miguel Janssen	5 September 1970
date of birth	Eddy Beugels (born 19 March 1944) is a retired Dutch cyclist who won a silver medal in the team time trial at the 1966 UCI Road World Championships.	Eddy Beugels	19 March 1944
date of birth	Claire Démar (1799--1833), was a feminist, journalist and writer, member of the Saint-Simonian movement.	Claire Démar	1799
date of birth	Cahit Karakaş (born 1928) is a Turkish engineer and a former politician.	Cahit Karakaş	1928
date of birth	He was born on 18 December 1847, in North Shields in northern England the son of Dr John Byrom Bramwell and Mary Young.	Byrom Bramwell	18 December 1847
date of birth	José Antolin Toledano, (born 1936 Quintana del Puente, Palencia, Spain), is a Spanish industrialist.	José Antolin Toledano	1936
date of birth	Ellen Gable (born 1959) is an American author of Catholic fiction.	Ellen Gable	1959
date of birth	Neil Tolson (born 25 October 1973) is an English former footballer who is currently assistant manager to Lee Sinnott at Conference National side Altrincham after being sacked as manager of Hyde in May 2011.	Neil Tolson	25 October 1973
date of birth	Ulrich Hensel (born 1946) is a German visual artist known for his large format colour photographs of construction sites.	Ulrich Hensel	1946
date of birth	Robert Kelsell Wright (1858--1908) was the third eldest son of Joseph & Ann Wright of Avenue Farm, Waverton, Cheshire.	Robert Kelsell Wright	1858
date of birth	Ababel Yeshaneh Birhane (born 22 July 1991) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes in track, road and cross country events.	Ababel Yeshaneh	22 July 1991
date of birth	Adam Vayer (Hebrew: אדם וייר‎, born 16 August 1987) is an Israeli footballer.	Adam Vayer	16 August 1987
date of birth	Murray Bail (born 22 September 1941) is an Australian writer of novels, short stories and non-fiction.	Murray Bail	22 September 1941
date of birth	Katherine Ebbs (born 29 July 1993) is an Australian football (soccer) player currently playing for Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Women's Soccer in The Sun Conference in Daytona Beach, Florida.	Katherine Ebbs	29 July 1993
date of birth	Joseph George Cumming, MA Cantab., (15 February 1812 -- 21 December 1868) was an English geologist and archaeologist.	Joseph George Cumming	15 February 1812
date of birth	Lorenz Saladin (28 October 1896 -- 7 September 1936), was a Swiss mountain-climber, journalist, photographer and traveler.	Lorenz Saladin	28 October 1896
date of birth	Peter Lotharius Oxholm (10 July 1753 -- 27 July 1827) was a Danish army officer and governor-general of the Danish West Indies from 1815 to 1816.	Peter Lotharius Oxholm	10 July 1753
date of birth	Ruth Galanter (born about 1941) was an environmentalist who served on the Los Angeles, California, City Council from 1987 to 2003 and was known for supporting ``slow growth'' policies on the city's Westside and elsewhere.	Ruth Galanter	1941
date of birth	Li Dalong (born 21 October 1980) is a Chinese long jumper.	Li Dalong	21 October 1980
date of birth	Mario Marzi (born 29 July 1964) is an Italian saxophonist.	Mario Marzi	29 July 1964
date of birth	Eugenio Zanetti (born in 1949) is an Argentine dramatist, painter, film set designer, and theater and opera director.	Eugenio Zanetti	1949
date of birth	Hipólito de Villegas y Fernández Manzanares (13 August 1761 - 12 April 1838) was a Chilean political figure, who participated actively in the war of independence in that country, and served as its first Minister of Finance.	Hipólito de Villegas	13 August 1761
date of birth	Shin Jin-won (Hangul: 신진원, born 27 September 1974) is retired South Korean footballer and current coach.	Shin Jin-won	27 September 1974
date of birth	Fruzsina Takács (born 15 August 1992 in Dunaújváros) is a Hungarian handballer who currently plays for Dunaújvárosi NKS in left back position.	Fruzsina Takács	15 August 1992
date of birth	Daniel Xhafaj (born 8 March 1977) is an Albanian football player who played as a striker and who is known for his goalscoring ability.	Daniel Xhafa	8 March 1977
date of birth	Slavko Brankov (19 May 1951 -- 8 August 2006) was a Croatian theatre, television and film actor.	Slavko Brankov	19 May 1951
date of birth	João Salaviza Manso Feldman da Silva (born 19 February 1984), commonly known as João Salaviza, is a Portuguese film director and actor.	João Salaviza	19 February 1984
date of birth	Phil Hamer (born 13 August 1990 in Salford) is an English semi-professional ice hockey player, currently playing for the Manchester Phoenix in the ENL.	Phil Hamer	13 August 1990
date of birth	Simon Daniel (born 10 March 1971) is a British inventor and entrepreneur.	Simon Daniel	10 March 1971
date of birth	Basavaraj Bommai (born 28 January 1960) is EX-Minister for Water resources in the Government of Karnataka.	Basavaraj Bommai	28 January 1960
date of birth	Pope Innocent VII (Latin: Innocentius VII; 1339 -- 6 November 1406), born Cosimo de' Migliorati, was Pope from 17 October 1404 to his death in 1406.	Pope Innocent VII	1339
date of birth	Blanka Vlašić (Croatian pronunciation: (ˈblaːŋka ˈʋlaʃitɕ)) (born 8 November 1983) is a Croatian athlete who specialises in the high jump.	Blanka Vlašić	8 November 1983
date of birth	Kevin Mark Holness (born 11 November 1980), better known as Mighty Mystic, is a Jamaican born, Boston, Massachusetts-based reggae artist.	Mighty Mystic	11 November 1980
date of birth	Ira Rubinoff (born 1938) is an American marine biologist and was a former director of the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Panama.	Ira Rubinoff	1938
date of birth	James Cutbush (born 1788 in Pennsylvania; died at West Point, New York, on 15 December 1823) was a United States chemist.	James Cutbush	1788
date of birth	Thomas Rivett (1679--1724) was a British politician.	Thomas Rivett	1679
date of birth	Alessandro Scatena (born 20 December 1946 in Lucca) was an Italian athlete who mainly competed in the 400 metre hurdles.	Alessandro Scatena	20 December 1946
date of birth	Yang Shuzi (born 1933) is a Chinese engineer and educator.	Yang Shuzi	1933
date of birth	Samuel Hutt, known by the stage name Hank Wangford (born 15 November 1940), is an English country and western songwriter.	Hank Wangford	15 November 1940
date of birth	Lesley Waters (born 3 April 1960) is an English celebrity chef.	Lesley Waters	3 April 1960
date of birth	Antony Thomas (born 26 July 1940) is an English documentary film maker, director and author who has made films for, among others, Channel 4, the BBC and HBO.	Antony Thomas	26 July 1940
date of birth	Maria Nyerere (born Maria Waningu Gabriel Magige in 1930) served as the inaugural First Lady of Tanzania from 1964 to 1985.	Maria Nyerere	1930
date of birth	Rasoul Khatibi (Persian: رسول خطیبی‎‎, born 22 September 1978) is an Iranian football retired player and coach who manages Azadegan League team Machine Sazi.	Rasoul Khatibi	22 September 1978
date of birth	Alex Jacobowitz (born 19 May 1960 in New York) is a classically trained street performer who plays the marimba and xylophone.	Alex Jacobowitz	19 May 1960
date of birth	Dave Ekins (born 1932 in Los Angeles, California) is an American off-road racing pioneer having set the first Tijuana to La Paz timed-run in under-40 hours aboard a Honda CL72 Scrambler in 1962.	Dave Ekins	1932
date of birth	Nick Stevens (born 3 January 1980) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League and former coach of South Australian National Football League club Glenelg.	Nick Stevens	3 January 1980
date of birth	Otari Totochiya (Georgian: ოთარ ტოტოჩია; Russian: Отари Тоточия, born 1959 in Sukhumi) is a prominent Russian criminal leader operating as a legal thief in the Moscow region.	Otari Totochiya	1959
date of birth	Paul Bryce (born 12 July 1968) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne, Melbourne and the Sydney Swans in the Victorian/Australian Football League (VFL/AFL).	Paul Bryce	12 July 1968
date of birth	Mitsos Dimitriou or Dimitrios Dimitriou (Greek: Μήτσος Δημητρίου, Δημήτρης Δημητρίου; born in 1948) was a Greek football defender.	Mitsos Dimitriou	1948
date of birth	Zoketsu Norman Fischer (c. 1946) is an American Soto Zen roshi, poet and Buddhist author practicing in the lineage of Shunryu Suzuki.	Zoketsu Norman Fischer	1946
date of birth	Sterling Ruby (born 1972) is an American artist who works in a large variety of media including ceramics, painting, drawing, collage, sculpture and video.	Sterling Ruby	1972
date of birth	Gao Siren (Chinese: 高祀仁; pinyin: Gāo Sìrén; born March 1944 in Qingdao, Shandong) was the director of the Liaison Office of the Central People's Government in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region from 2002 to 2009.	Gao Siren	March 1944
date of birth	Eraldo Da Roma (born Eraldo Judiconi, 1 March 1900 -- 27 May 1981) was an Italian film editor best known for his work with Roberto Rossellini, Vittorio De Sica, and Michelangelo Antonioni.	Eraldo Da Roma	1 March 1900
date of birth	Timothy Rogers (1658--1728) was an English nonconformist minister, known as an author on depression as a sufferer.	Timothy Rogers	1658
date of birth	David Glenn (born 30 November 1962) is an English former professional footballer who played as a full back.	David Glenn	30 November 1962
date of birth	Dwight E. Adams (born 2 February 1955), is one of the world's foremost forensic scientists.	Dwight E. Adams	2 February 1955
date of birth	Sophie Gimber Kuhn (8 November 1838 -- 1867) was an English actress from Temple Bar, London who came to the United States on a visit with her parents.	Sophie Gimber Kuhn	8 November 1838
date of birth	Akshar Pathak (born 20 September 1989) is an artist and a graphic designer who creates posters of Bollywood films, based on one element kept in association with the film.	Akshar Pathak	20 September 1989
date of birth	Ahmed Al-Jarallah (Born 1942. Full name Ahmad Abdel Aziz Al-Jarallah) is a Kuwaiti journalist, author, and the editor-in-chief of the Kuwaiti newspapers Arab Times and Al-Seyassah and owner of the weekly magazine Al-Hadaf.	Ahmed Al-Jarallah	1942
date of birth	Joseph Zupicich (October 1893 -- April 11, 1987) was a crewmember on the RMS Carpathia when RMS Titanic survivors came on board on April 15, 1912.	Joseph Zupicich	October 1893
date of birth	Sufrim Lopes (born 25 March 1981 in Bissau) is a footballer from Guinea-Bissau who plays as a midfielder for S.C.U. Torreense in the Portuguese Second Division.	Sufrim Lopes	25 March 1981
date of birth	Carmen Rodallega (born 15 July 1983) is a Colombian international football player who plays for Escuela Carlos Sarmiento Lora in her home country.	Carmen Rodallega	15 July 1983
date of birth	Justice Raghuvendra Singh Rathore (born 1 July 1953) is a judge at the Jaipur bench of Rajasthan High Court	Raghuvendra Singh Rathore	1 July 1953
date of birth	Nur Sürer (b. 1954, Bursa) is a Turkish actress.	Nur Sürer	1954
date of birth	Rex Deeath (born 9 March 1949) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL) now known as the Australian Football League (AFL).	Rex Deeath	9 March 1949
date of birth	Raghavji (born 7 July 1934 at Vidisha) is an Indian politician.	Raghavji	7 July 1934
date of birth	Peter K. Jones (1838 -- ?) was an American Republican politician who served as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates, representing Greensville County from 1869 to 1877.	Peter K. Jones	1838
date of birth	Yunreng (6 June 1674 -- 27 January 1725), born Yinreng, was a Manchu prince of the Qing Dynasty and heir apparent to the Chinese imperial throne for two terms between 1675 and 1712.	Yunreng	6 June 1674
date of birth	Anthony Pritzker (born 1961) is a member of the Pritzker family and an heir to the Hyatt Hotel fortune; he serves as Managing Partner of the Pritzker Group.	Anthony Pritzker	1961
date of birth	Tracy Nakayama (born 1974) is a contemporary American artist who lives and works in Los Angeles, California and was born in Honolulu, Hawaii.	Tracy Nakayama	1974
date of birth	Dick Warner (born on 19 July 1946) is an Irish environmentalist, writer and broadcaster.	Dick Warner	19 July 1946
date of birth	Gabriella Cecchi (b. 3 Nov 1944) is an Italian pianist, music educator and composer.	Gabriella Cecchi	1944
date of birth	Erol Mütercimler (born 1954 in Kars, Turkey) is a Turkish journalist, columnist and academic.	Erol Mütercimler	1954
date of birth	Christian Duffy (born 1961), also known as Chris Duffy, is an American professional bodybuilder.	Christian Duffy	1961
date of birth	Steve McVey (born 1954) is an evangelical Christian author and speaker.	Steve McVey	1954
date of birth	Alex Tintaru (born 25 April 1977 in Moldova) is the bass player for Turkish rock bands Direc-t and Dorian.	Alex Tintaru	25 April 1977
date of birth	John Greenwall, also known as Johann Theodore Wild (1859 -- December 6, 1889) was a German immigrant to New York City who became the last person to be hanged in New York State.	John Greenwall	1859
date of birth	Reid Anderson (born 15 October 1970) is a bassist and composer originally from Minnesota.	Reid Anderson	15 October 1970
date of birth	Cesare Berlingeri (born 1948) is an Italian contemporary artist, mostly known for his folded paintings	Cesare Berlingeri	1948
date of birth	Brett Allen (born 14 April 1966) is a retired Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League.	Brett Allen	14 April 1966
date of birth	Lynne Kositsky (born 1947) is an award-winning Canadian author of poetry and young adult historical fiction.	Lynne Kositsky	1947
date of birth	Gundula Krause (born 7 July 1966) is a German folk violinist.	Gundula Krause	1966
date of birth	Philipp Schörghofer (born 20 January 1983) is an Austrian World Cup alpine ski racer.	Philipp Schörghofer	20 January 1983
date of birth	Esther Dyson (born 14 July 1951) is a Swiss-born American journalist, author, businesswoman, investor, commentator and philanthropist.	Esther Dyson	14 July 1951
date of birth	Idilia Dubb (1834 -- June 1851) was a 17-year-old Scottish woman whose demise in the abandoned Lahneck Castle while vacationing in Germany became famous through a diary she allegedly kept as she slowly starved to death.	Idilia Dubb	1834
date of birth	Tiger Chen (simplified Chinese: 陈虎; traditional Chinese: 陳虎; pinyin: Chén Hǔ; born 3 March 1975) is a Chinese martial artist and actor.	Tiger Chen	3 March 1975
date of birth	William Teel Baird (c. 1819 -- February 23, 1897) was born on the upper Saint John River in New Brunswick where his father, John Baird, was a school teacher.	William Teel Baird	1819
date of birth	Michel Armengot (born 16 September 1961), more commonly known as Art Mengo, is a French singer and songwriter.	Art Mengo	16 September 1961
date of birth	Manjula Padmanabhan (born 1953) is a playwright, journalist, comic strip artist, and children's book author.	Manjula Padmanabhan	1953
date of birth	Arūnas Matelis (9 April 1961, Kaunas) is an acclaimed Lithuanian documentary film director.	Arūnas Matelis	9 April 1961
date of birth	Pär Hallström (born 7 May 1947) is a Swedish legal writer and professor of Law at Umeå University.	Pär Hallström	7 May 1947
date of birth	Dov Ben-Dov (born 2 March 1927) is an Israeli sports shooter.	Dov Ben-Dov	2 March 1927
date of birth	Henrik Laurentius Helliesen (20 December 1824 -- 22 July 1900) was the Norwegian Minister of Finance for several periods between 1863 and 1883, and a member of the Council of State Division in Stockholm several times between 1865 and 1884.	Henrik Laurentius Helliesen	20 December 1824
date of birth	Ron Shoval (Hebrew: רון שובל; born 4 September 1973) is an Israeli singer.	Ron Shoval	4 September 1973
date of birth	Barry Dunn (born 15 February 1952) is an English former footballer who made 47 appearances in the Football League playing as a left winger for Sunderland, Preston North End and Darlington.	Barry Dunn	15 February 1952
date of birth	Mel Pinto (born September 9, 1923, Tangiers, Morocco), became one of the first importers of European racing bikes into the United States in 1958 when he opened Mel Pinto Imports in northern Virginia and began selling Gitane bicycles on consignment.	Mel Pinto	1923
date of birth	Song Xu (Chinese: 宋旭; pinyin: Sòng Xù; Wade--Giles: Sung Hsü, born 1525), was a Chinese landscape painter.	Song Xu	1525
date of birth	Ross Pople (born 11 May 1945) is a New Zealand-born British conductor.	Ross Pople	11 May 1945
date of birth	George Grossmith (9 December 1847 -- 1 March 1912) was an English comedian, writer, composer, actor, and singer.	George Grossmith	9 December 1847
date of birth	Franz Altschuler (1923 -- December 12, 2009) was a German artist and illustrator who drew for Playboy, textbooks and newspapers, but also worked with fine art and drawing.	Franz Altschuler	1923
date of birth	Margaret Gilmore (born 9 February 1956) is a journalist, broadcaster, writer and analyst.	Margaret Gilmore	9 February 1956
date of birth	Sir Gerrard Napier, 1st Baronet (19 October 1606 -- 14 May 1673), of Middle Marsh and Moor Crichel in Dorset, was an English Member of Parliament (MP) who supported the Royalists during the English Civil War.	Sir Gerrard Napier, 1st Baronet	19 October 1606
date of birth	Franco Brambilla (born 23 March 1967) is an Italian science fiction illustrator.	Franco Brambilla	23 March 1967
date of birth	Jochem George Paap (born 1969 in Rotterdam), known by his stage name Speedy J, is a Dutch electronic music producer based in the city of Rotterdam.	Speedy J	1969
date of birth	Ronald Hynd (born 22 April 1931) is an English choreographer, and in his youth was a ballet dancer.	Ronald Hynd	22 April 1931
date of birth	Trishneet Arora (born 2 November 1993) is an Indian author, cyber security expert, and entrepreneur.	Trishneet Arora	2 November 1993
date of birth	Ezio Vendrame (born 27 November 1947) is an Italian writer and former footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Ezio Vendrame	27 November 1947
date of birth	Darren Naish (born 1975) is a British vertebrate palaeontologist and science writer.	Darren Naish	1975
date of birth	Carl Bean (born 1944) is the founding prelate of the Unity Fellowship Church Movement, a liberal protestant denomination that is particularly welcoming of lesbian, gay and bisexual African Americans.	Carl Bean	1944
date of birth	Christopher Amott (born 23 November 1977) is a Swedish guitarist and vocalist, younger brother of Michael Amott and founding member of the Swedish metal bands Arch Enemy and Armageddon.	Christopher Amott	23 November 1977
date of birth	Brook Pridemore (born in 1979 in Detroit, Michigan, USA) is a New York City based song writer, performer, and front man,.	Brook Pridemore	1979
date of birth	Fedor Lukashenko (Russian: Фёдор Лукашенко; born 18 March 1974) is a retired Belarusian professional football player.	Fedor Lukashenko	18 March 1974
date of birth	Muhamed Konjić (born 14 May 1970) is a Bosnian former footballer who played as a centre back, most notably for English club Coventry City.	Muhamed Konjić	14 May 1970
date of birth	Janis Sidovský (born 1968) is a Czech producer, manager and publicity supervisor.	Janis Sidovský	1968
date of birth	Jean-Benoît Dunckel (born 7 September 1969) is a French musician best known for being one half of the French music duo Air, along with Nicolas Godin.	Jean-Benoît Dunckel	7 September 1969
date of birth	Béatrice Kamboulé (born 25 February 1980) is a Burkinabé athlete who competes in the 100 metres hurdles, long jump, triple jump as well as the heptathlon.	Béatrice Kamboulé	25 February 1980
date of birth	Giannis Gitsioudis (Greek: Γιάννης Γκιτσιούδης; born 17 March 1962) is a former Greek footballer.	Giannis Gitsioudis	17 March 1962
date of birth	Oscar Pulvermacher (1882--1958) was an Editor-in-Chief and member of the Board of Directors for The Daily Mail, a popular English tabloid.	Oscar Pulvermacher	1882
date of birth	Anja Eichhorst (born c. 1971) is a German backstroke swimmer who won three medals at the European championships in 1989, 1991 and 1992.	Anja Eichhorst	1971
date of birth	Sean Hoy, also spelled Seán Hoy, (born 1964) is an Irish diplomat from County Fermanagh.	Sean Hoy	1964
date of birth	Mitch Rivett (born 6 November 1989), is an Australian rugby league player for the Brisbane Broncos in the NRL competition and the Redcliffe Dolphins in the Queensland Cup.	Mitch Rivett	6 November 1989
date of birth	David Cobley (27 June 1954) is an English portrait and figure painter and founder of Bath Artists' Studios.	David Cobley	27 June 1954
date of birth	Paula Sage (born c. 1980) is a Scottish actress, Special Olympics netball player, and advocate for people with Down syndrome.	Paula Sage	1980
date of birth	Choi Myung-soo (born January 12, 1968), better known by his stage name Choi Moo-sung, is a South Korean actor.	Choi Moo-sung	1968
date of birth	Zersenay Tadese (Tigrinya: ዘርኢሰናይ ታደሰ; born 8 February 1982) is an Eritrean long-distance track, and road running athlete.	Zersenay Tadese	8 February 1982
date of birth	Thomas Bihl (born 1975) is a German poker player who became the first person to win a World Series of Poker bracelet outside Las Vegas, Nevada.	Thomas Bihl	1975
date of birth	Eduardo César Daude Gaspar (born 15 May 1978), commonly known as Edu or Edu Gaspar, is a retired Brazilian footballer who is currently director of football at his former club Corinthians.	Edu Gaspar	15 May 1978
date of birth	Sheikh Abdul Amir al-Jamri ( pronunciation; SHAYK-AHB-dehl-ah-MEER-al-JAHM-ree Arabic: شيخ عبدالأمير الجمري‎;1 March 1938 -- 18 December 2006) was one of the most prominent Shia clerics and opposition leaders in Bahrain.	Abdul Amir al-Jamri	1 March 1938
date of birth	Brigitte Kraus (born 12 August 1956 in Bensberg) is a retired West German middle distance runner who specialized in the 1500 and 3000 metres.	Brigitte Kraus	12 August 1956
date of birth	Joy Padgett (born 1947, Coshocton, Ohio) is a former Republican member of the Ohio Senate, representing the 20th district until the end of 2008.	Joy Padgett	1947
date of birth	Aleksander Einseln (born 25 October 1931, in Tallinn) is a former commander of the Estonian Defence Forces.	Aleksander Einseln	25 October 1931
date of birth	Karl Fiala (born 30 January 1956 in Harlow, England) is a former motorcycle speedway rider.	Karl Fiala	30 January 1956
date of birth	Elena J. Duarte (born c. March-May 1966) is an Associate Justice of the California Third District Court of Appeal, having served since December 10, 2010, after being appointed to the post by Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger on November 23, 2010.	Elena J. Duarte	1966
date of birth	Shanaka Fernando (born 1968) is a Sri Lankan-born Australian restaurateur and self-described ``social challenger'', best known for his founding of the pay what you can chain of restaurants in Melbourne known as ``Lentil as Anything''.	Shanaka Fernando	1968
date of birth	Patrick Baskerville (born November 1833) was an Ontario businessman and political figure.	Patrick Baskerville	November 1833
date of birth	Wendelin Werner (born 23 September 1968) is a German-born French mathematician working on random processes such as self-avoiding random walks, Brownian motion, Schramm-Loewner evolution, and related theories in probability theory and mathematical physics.	Wendelin Werner	23 September 1968
date of birth	Abhayananda (born 1842), born Marie Louise, was the first woman initiated into Vivekananda's mission.	Abhayananda	1842
date of birth	Gary Barnacle (born 1959, Dover, England) is an English saxophonist, flautist, brass instrument arranger, composer and producer, primarily noted for session work, live work incl.	Gary Barnacle	1959
date of birth	Tom Chiu(邱崇德) (born 1971) is a violinist and composer of Taiwanese origin working and living in Brooklyn, NY.	Tom Chiu	1971
date of birth	Sahana Kumari Nagaraj Gobbargumpi (born 6 March 1982) is an Indian athlete who competes in the high jump event.	Sahana Kumari	6 March 1982
date of birth	Jack Mendelsohn (born 1926) is a writer-artist who has worked in animation, comic strips and comic books.	Jack Mendelsohn	1926
date of birth	Stefan Sielaff (born 1962) is a German car designer, and has spent the majority of his career with Audi, with a short three year break with Mercedes-Benz.	Stefan Sielaff	1962
date of birth	Kathy Sierra (born 1957) is an American programming instructor and game developer.	Kathy Sierra	1957
date of birth	Santosh Sahukhala (Nepali: सन्तोष साहुखल) (born 10 January 1988) is a Nepali international football player.	Santosh Sahukhala	10 January 1988
date of birth	James William Guercio (born July 18, 1945) is an American music producer, musician and songwriter.	James William Guercio	1945
date of birth	Gregory of Catino (1060 -- aft. 1130) was a monk of the Abbey of Farfa and ``one of the most accomplished monastic historians of his age.''	Gregory of Catino	1060
date of birth	Matthew of Aquasparta (Matteo di Aquasparta, 1240 -- 29 October 1302) was an Italian Friar Minor and scholastic philosopher.	Matthew of Aquasparta	1240
date of birth	Andrei Katz (1952 -- June 13, 1975) was a Romanian-Jewish immigrant living in New York City in the 1970s, where through auto theft and drug dealing he became involved with a faction of the Gambino crime family known as the DeMeo crew, and became their first known murder victim.	Andrei Katz	1952
date of birth	Thomas Schie (Born 1 December 1975 in Oslo) is a former racing and rally driver.	Thomas Schie	1 December 1975
date of birth	Felim Egan (born in 1952) is an Irish painter.	Felim Egan	1952
date of birth	Garnett Bruce (born 1967) is a prominent American opera director.	Garnett Bruce	1967
date of birth	Benjamin Melendez (born 1952?) is best known for brokering the gang truce in the Bronx and Harlem (New York City) in 1971.	Benjamin Melendez	1952
date of birth	Mehmed Zilli (25 March 1611 -- after 1682), known as Evliya Çelebi (Ottoman Turkish: اوليا چلبى‎), was an Ottoman Turk who travelled through the territory of the Ottoman Empire and neighboring lands over a period of forty years, recording his commentary in a travelogue called Seyâhatnâme.	Evliya Çelebi	25 March 1611
date of birth	Tsai Eng-meng (Chinese: 蔡衍明; born 1956) is a Taiwanese businessman, Chairman of the snack food company Want Want China.	Tsai Eng-meng	1956
date of birth	Peter Armitage CBE (born 15 July 1924) is a statistician specialising in medical statistics.	Peter Armitage	15 July 1924
date of birth	Hans Fagius (born 10 April, 1951) is a Swedish classical organist.	Hans Fagius	10 April, 1951
date of birth	Tim Webster (born 15 December 1951) is an Australian television and radio personality and sports broadcaster.	Tim Webster	15 December 1951
date of birth	Ma Dongbo (Chinese: 马东波; born 19 January 1977) is a former Chinese goalkeeper who played for Liaoning Zhongyu where he spent ten years at the club.	Ma Dongbo	19 January 1977
date of birth	Marlon Reid (born 17 April 1982) is a British professional boxer who was born in Swindon and currently lives in Bath.	Marlon Reid	17 April 1982
date of birth	Bruno N'Gotty (born 10 June 1971) is a French former professional footballer of Cameroonian descent.	Bruno N'Gotty	10 June 1971
date of birth	Rasheed Dwyer (born 29 January 1989) is a Jamaican athlete specializing in the sprinting events.	Rasheed Dwyer	29 January 1989
date of birth	Lee Seung-hee (Hangul: 이승희; born 10 June 1988) is a South Korean footballer who plays for Nagoya Grampus.	Lee Seung-hee	10 June 1988
date of birth	Mattia Biagi (born 1974 in Ravenna) is an Italian professional artist.	Mattia Biagi	1974
date of birth	Uzoma Dozie (born November 2, 1969) is a Nigerian banker, investor, economist and also advocate of technology.	Uzoma Dozie	1969
date of birth	Yap Thiam Hien (25 May 1913 -- 29 April 1989) was an Indonesian human rights lawyer.	Yap Thiam Hien	25 May 1913
date of birth	H. Abram Wilson (born 1946) is a Republican politician and former mayor of San Ramon, California.	H. Abram Wilson	1946
date of birth	Breda Smolnikar (born 19 January 1941), is a Slovene writer who has also published under the pseudonym Gospa.	Breda Smolnikar	19 January 1941
date of birth	Heloise McCeney (19 January 1876-after 1920) stage name La Belle Titcomb, was an American vaudeville performer known as The Parisian Dancer on Horseback.	La Belle Titcomb	19 January 1876
date of birth	Sue Savage-Rumbaugh (born 1946) is a psychologist and primatologist most known for her work with two bonobos, Kanzi and Panbanisha, investigating their linguistic and cognitive abilities using lexigrams and computer-based keyboards.	Sue Savage-Rumbaugh	1946
date of birth	David Alan Rosenberg (born 1948) is a military historian, and was Admiral Harry W. Hill's Chair of Maritime Strategy at the National War College from 1996 to 2003 and held the Class of 1957 Distinguished Chair of Naval Heritage at the United States Naval Academy in 2015-2016.	David Alan Rosenberg	1948
date of birth	Om Shivpuri (Hindi: ओम शिवपुरी; 1938 -- 1990) was an Indian theatre actor-director and character actor in Hindi films.	Om Shivpuri	1938
date of birth	Lawrence Parsons, 2nd Earl of Rosse (21 May 1758 - 24 February 1841), known as Sir Lawrence Parsons, Bt, from 1791 to 1807, was an Irish peer.	Lawrence Parsons, 2nd Earl of Rosse	1758
date of birth	Toby Stephens (born 21 April 1969) is an English stage, television and film actor who has appeared in films in both Hollywood and Bollywood.	Toby Stephens	21 April 1969
date of birth	Brigadier-General The Honourable Charles Granville Bruce, CB, MVO (7 April 1866 -- 12 July 1939) was a Himalayan veteran and leader of the second and third British expeditions to Mount Everest in 1922 and 1924.	Charles Granville Bruce	7 April 1866
date of birth	Vera Pauw (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈveːraː pʌu); born 18 January 1963) is a Dutch football coach and former player.	Vera Pauw	18 January 1963
date of birth	Lee Kar Wai ``Calvin'' (Chinese: 李嘉威; Jyutping: lei5 gaa1 wai1; born 3 April 1983 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Konger archer.	Lee Kar Wai	3 April 1983
date of birth	Ali Ghanbari (born 1950 in Abadan, Iran) is an Iranian-American photojournalist who has work at the WJW Fox affiliate in Cleveland, Ohio, since 1994.	Ali Ghanbari	1950
date of birth	Mohammad Imran Tahir (Urdu: محمد عمران طاہر; born 27 March 1979) is a Pakistani-born South African cricketer.	Imran Tahir	27 March 1979
date of birth	Domenyk Lattlay-Fottfoy (birth name Dominic Noonan, born 1964) is an English gangster.	Dominic Noonan	1964
date of birth	Peter Hudecki (born 1954) is an animator.	Peter Hudecki	1954
date of birth	Kim Un-guk (Chosŏn'gŭl: 김은국; born 28 October 1988) is a North Korean weightlifter, a Labor Hero and People's Sportsman.	Kim Un-guk	28 October 1988
date of birth	Kenneth White (born 28 April 1936) is a Scottish poet, academic and writer.	Kenneth White	28 April 1936
date of birth	Anita Otto (née Hentschel, born 12 December 1942) is a German former discus thrower.	Anita Otto	12 December 1942
date of birth	April Mann (born 21 April 1978) is an Australian retired association footballer who played for Queensland Sting, Western Waves and Australian W-League team Adelaide United.	April Mann	21 April 1978
date of birth	Philip Pullman CBE, FRSL (born 19 October 1946) is a British writer.	Philip Pullman	19 October 1946
date of birth	Mary Joe Frug (1941--1991) was a professor at New England School of Law from 1981 to 1991.	Mary Joe Frug	1941
date of birth	Andreas A. Miaoulis (Greek: Ανδρέας Α. Μιαούλης; born 1830) was a Greek naval officer, hailing from the historic Hydriot Miaoulis family.	Andreas A. Miaoulis	1830
date of birth	Rob Gerrand (born 16 October 1946) is an Australian writer of science fiction	Rob Gerrand	16 October 1946
date of birth	Peta Doodson (6 November 1955) is an Australian television actress.	Peta Doodson	6 November 1955
date of birth	Henri Max Corwin (1903, Oldenzaal, Overijssel -- January 1962) was a Dutch businessman, philatelist and humanitarian.	Henri Max Corwin	1903
date of birth	Tagalie (1909--1920) was British Thoroughbred racehorse.	Tagalie	1909
date of birth	Stephen Damian O'Neill (born 15 January 1961) is the lead guitarist in the pop-punk band, The Undertones.	Damian O'Neill	15 January 1961
date of birth	Adam George (born 24 November 1989) is a British musician based in Manchester.	Adam George	24 November 1989
date of birth	Prudence Bushnell (born 1946) is an American diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador to Kenya and as United States Ambassador to Guatemala.	Prudence Bushnell	1946
date of birth	Mykhaylo Serhiychuk (Ukrainian: Михайло Миколайович Сергійчук; born 29 July 1991 in Kostyantynivka, Sarny Raion, Rivne Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays on loan for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod.	Mykhaylo Serhiychuk	29 July 1991
date of birth	Piotr Andrejew (born 27 October 1947, Szczecin) is a Polish film director and screenwriter now living in the Netherlands with his son, Victor Andrejew.	Piotr Andrejew	27 October 1947
date of birth	Henry Plummer (1832--1864) was a prospector, lawman, and outlaw in the American West in the 1850s and 1860s, who was known to have killed several men, some in what was considered self defense.	Henry Plummer	1832
date of birth	Tan Qiwei (born August 1954) is a Chinese politician of Tujia ethnic heritage.	Tan Qiwei	1954
date of birth	Terry Bradley (born 1965, Belfast) is an artist from Northern Ireland.	Terry Bradley	1965
date of birth	Titus Flavius Simonides Agrippa, also known as Titus Flavius Agrippa (Greek: Τίτος Φλάβιος Σιμονίδης ό Άγρίππας, flourished second half of 1st century & first half of 2nd century, born 79), was an aristocratic, wealthy Roman Jew.	Flavius Simonides Agrippa	79
date of birth	Karin Neugebauer (born 5 December 1955 in Leipzig) is a retired German freestyle swimmer.	Karin Neugebauer	5 December 1955
date of birth	James Bondy (born c. 1974) is a Canadian entertainer, best known for his work as the human co-host of the children's show Ribert and Robert's Wonderworld, which airs on public television.	James Bondy	1974
date of birth	Urbain Roger Batoum (Chinese: 羅渣 Roger; born 19 December 1978 in Cameroon) is a Cameroonian footballer.	Roger Batoum	19 December 1978
date of birth	Kathryn Tucker (born 1959) is the executive director for the Disability Rights Legal Center.	Kathryn Tucker	1959
date of birth	Gale Fulton Ross was born in Medford, Massachusetts, in 1947, the oldest of nine children.	Gale Fulton Ross	1947
date of birth	Fanny López Jiménez (born Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chiapas, 1970) is a Mexican archaeologist known for her excavations at Palenque, including the discovery of the Tomb of the Red Queen.	Fanny López Jiménez	1970
date of birth	Muhammad Shahid Nazir (Urdu, Punjabi: محمد شاہد نذیر; born 1981), also known as the One Pound Fish Man (commonly stylised as £1 Fish Man), is a Pakistani trader and recording artist who found fame as an internet sensation for his viral video ``One Pound Fish''.	One Pound Fish Man	1981
date of birth	Lee Tae-ran (Hangul: 이태란; Hanja: 李泰蘭; born 6 May 1975 or 25 March in Korean calendar) is a South Korean actress.	Lee Tae-ran	6 May 1975
date of birth	Daniel Kitson (born 2 July 1977) is an English comedian.	Daniel Kitson	2 July 1977
date of birth	Martin Lutz (born 19 May 1950) is a German musicologist, conductor and harpsichordist.	Martin Lutz	19 May 1950
date of birth	Barbara Milberg Fisher (born 1931 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American academic and professional dancer.	Barbara Milberg	1931
date of birth	Air Vice Marshal Alfred John Quaife AM (born 2 June 1955) is a retired senior officer of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF).	John Quaife	2 June 1955
date of birth	Amos Griswold Warner (1861--1900), was an influential American social worker.	Amos Griswold Warner	1861
date of birth	Arnaldo Otegi Mondragón (born 6 July 1958) is a Basque politician, currently in prison, who in February 2013 was elected as Secretary General of abertzale Basque separatist party Sortu.	Arnaldo Otegi	6 July 1958
date of birth	Percy Neville Barnett (13 September 1881 -- 1953) was an Australian collector, connoisseur and authority of Australian Bookplates which are also known as ex-libris.	Percy Neville Barnett	13 September 1881
date of birth	Luke Quinlivan (born 20 August 1985 in Perth) is an Australian water polo player who plays as a goalkeeper.	Luke Quinlivan	20 August 1985
date of birth	Melchor Bravo de Saravia y Sotomayor (1512 -- 1577) was a Spanish conquistador, interim viceroy of Peru, and Royal Governor of Chile.	Melchor Bravo de Saravia	1512
date of birth	Clarence C. Moore (1904-1979) was an engineer and minister at Radio Station HCJB (now known as HCJB Global) with primary transmitters in Quito, Ecuador.	Clarence C. Moore	1904
date of birth	Rajkumar Achouba Singh (born 5 December 1938) is an Indian classical dancer and teacher, known for his scholarship on the Manipuri dance forms of Raas and Lai Haraoba.	Rajkumar Achouba Singh	5 December 1938
date of birth	Alex Hallatt (born 1969) is a cartoonist based in Seaton, UK.	Alex Hallatt	1969
date of birth	Sonu Shivdasani (born 1965) is an Indian- British hotelier, who is the founder and CEO of Soneva Group which owns the luxury resorts, Soneva Fushi in the Maldives and Soneva Kiri in Thailand.	Sonu Shivdasani	1965
date of birth	Jeanne Behrend (11 May 1911 -- 20 March 1988) was an American pianist, music educator, musicologist and composer.	Jeanne Behrend	11 May 1911
date of birth	Michael Dean Wareham (born 1 August 1963) is a New Zealand musician who formed the band Galaxie 500 in 1987.	Dean Wareham	1 August 1963
date of birth	Brian Leiter (born 1963) is an American philosopher and legal scholar who is Karl N. Llewellyn Professor of Jurisprudence at the University of Chicago Law School and founder and Director of Chicago's Center for Law, Philosophy & Human Values.	Brian Leiter	1963
date of birth	Nicolette Stasko (born 1950) is a contemporary Australian poet, novelist and non-fiction writer of United States origin.	Nicolette Stasko	1950
date of birth	Dan Forshaw (born 19 May 1981, Blackpool, Lancashire) is an English jazz musician and music educator who started his professional career aged sixteen.	Dan Forshaw	19 May 1981
date of birth	Thomas Anderton (1611 -- 9 October 1671) was an English Benedictine.	Thomas Anderton	1611
date of birth	Yiu Si-wing BBS (Chinese: 姚思榮, born 1952) is a director at China Travel Service and member of Legislative Council of Hong Kong.	Yiu Si-wing	1952
date of birth	Marie Blancour (active 1650 -- 1699), was a 17th-century French painter.	Marie Blancour	1650
date of birth	Peter Dench (23 April 1972) is a photojournalist working primarily in advertising, editorial and portraiture photography.	Peter Dench	23 April 1972
date of birth	Wendy Shalit (/ʃəˈliːt/; born 1975) is an American conservative writer and author who has written the books A Return to Modesty:	Wendy Shalit	1975
date of birth	Oscar Cesare (1885 -- July 25, 1948) was a Swedish-born American caricaturist, painter, draftsman and editorial cartoonist.	Oscar Cesare	1885
date of birth	David Aaron Carpenter (born April 5, 1986 in Great Neck, New York) is a US-American violist and was the first Prize Winner of the 2006 Walter W. Naumburg Viola Competition.	David Aaron Carpenter	1986
date of birth	Denis Alexandrovich Shaforostov (born 4 May 1992), now better known as Denis Stoff, is a Ukrainian musician.	Denis Stoff	4 May 1992
date of birth	Taťana Fischerová (better known as Táňa Fischerová) (born 6 June 1947) is a Czech actress, writer, television host, politician and civic activist.	Táňa Fischerová	6 June 1947
date of birth	Alexander, Crown Prince of Yugoslavia, also named Alexander II Karađorđević (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар II Карађорђевић; born 17 July 1945), was the last heir apparent to the throne of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, and is the current claimant to the abolished throne of Serbia.	Alexander, Crown Prince of Yugoslavia	17 July 1945
date of birth	Marta Figueras-Dotti (born 12 November 1957) is a retired Spanish professional golfer.	Marta Figueras-Dotti	12 November 1957
date of birth	Samantha Spiro (born 20 June 1968) is a double Olivier Award-winning English actress.	Samantha Spiro	20 June 1968
date of birth	Abu Nur Muhammad Ehteshamul Haq (1927--17 February 2002), known as Ehtesham, was a Pakistani and Bangladeshi film director.	Ehtesham	1927
date of birth	Jean-Claude Rouget (born 1953 in Normandy) is a French Thoroughbred horse trainer and former jockey.	Jean-Claude Rouget	1953
date of birth	Ernest Papa Arko (born 12 May 1984) is a Ghanaian football striker who currently plays for the Egyptian Premier League side Arab Contractors SC.	Ernest Papa Arko	12 May 1984
date of birth	Nguyễn Ngọc Bình (17 September 1959) is a Vietnamese mathematician.	Nguyễn Ngọc Bình	17 September 1959
date of birth	Mad Dog McPhie (born Stewart McPhie on 19 October 1971) is an English professional wrestler.	Mad Dog McPhie	19 October 1971
date of birth	Nawal M. Nour (born 1966, in Khartoum, Sudan) is a Sudanese American obstetrician and gynecologist at Brigham and Women's Hospital.	Nawal M. Nour	1966
date of birth	Dzmitry Shmatko (Belarusian: Дзмiтры Шматко; Russian: Дмитрий Шматко; born 26 July 1989) is a Belarusian professional footballer.	Dzmitry Shmatko	26 July 1989
date of birth	Bob Hansson (born 1970 in Helsingborg) is a Swedish poet and author.	Bob Hansson	1970
date of birth	Yvonne Navarro (born 1957 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American author who has published over twenty books.	Yvonne Navarro	1957
date of birth	Alexandr Shvedov (born 11 April 1973) is a Kazakhstani water polo goalkeeper.	Alexandr Shvedov	11 April 1973
date of birth	Sir James Adam Louis Matheson KBE CMG (11 February 1912 -- 27 March 2002) was a British engineer and university administrator, who served as the first Vice-Chancellor of Monash University in Melbourne, Australia.	Louis Matheson	11 February 1912
date of birth	Sibabalwe Gladwin Mzazi (born 28 August 1988) is a South African athlete competing in the long-distance running events.	Gladwin Mzazi	28 August 1988
date of birth	Lewis Vulliamy (15 March 1791 -- 4 January 1871) was an English architect belonging to the Vulliamy family of clockmakers.	Lewis Vulliamy	15 March 1791
date of birth	Balázs Szokolay (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈbɒlaːʒ ˈsokolɒj)) (born 1961) is a Hungarian pianist.	Balázs Szokolay	1961
date of birth	Emily Brothers (born 1964, Merseyside) is a British Labour politician who stood in the Sutton and Cheam constituency in the 2015 General Election.	Emily Brothers	1964
date of birth	Leo Hanin (born 20 November 1913 in Vilnius) was a Zionist activist.	Leo Hanin	20 November 1913
date of birth	Zaal Samadashvili (Georgian: ზაალ სამადაშვილი) (born 3 October 1953) is a Georgian writer.	Zaal Samadashvili	3 October 1953
date of birth	John Blowick was born 26 October 1888 in Belcarra, Co. Mayo, to John Blowick a farmer, and Honoria Blowick (née Madden).	John Blowick	26 October 1888
date of birth	Nick Shinn (born London, England, 1952) is a typeface designer.	Nick Shinn	1952
date of birth	Deo-Gratias-Nicolas Godinot (1 May 1765 -- 27 October 1811) was a Général de Division of the First French Empire who saw action during the Peninsular War.	Nicolas Godinot	1 May 1765
date of birth	Robert Whitehead (born 22 September 1936), known as Bob or Bobby Whitehead, is an English former footballer who made 73 appearances in the Football League playing as a right back for Newcastle United and Darlington in the 1950s and 1960s.	Bobby Whitehead	22 September 1936
date of birth	Evelin Samuel (born on 13 May 1975) is an Estonian singer.	Evelin Samuel	13 May 1975
date of birth	César Valenzuela Martínez (4 September 1992) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for Palestino.	César Valenzuela	4 September 1992
date of birth	Michael Eke (born 1968 in March, Cambridgeshire) is the former employee of Cambridgeshire Police who received an MBE that was later stripped following his conviction for fraud.	Michael Eke	1968
date of birth	Denis Simplikevich (Russian: Денис Симпликевич),(born 11 March 1991) is a Russian rugby union footballer who plays as a fullback.	Denis Simplikevich	11 March 1991
date of birth	Fritz Langford-Smith (29 June 1904 -- 3 December 1966) was an Australian electrical engineer.	Fritz Langford-Smith	29 June 1904
date of birth	Jorge Juan Crespo de la Serna (1887 -- July 24, 1978)) was a Mexican artist, art critic and art historian.	Jorge Juan Crespo de la Serna	1887
date of birth	Gregory Wong Chung-yiu (Chinese: 王宗堯; born 2 October 1978) is a Hong Kong actor.	Gregory Wong	2 October 1978
date of birth	Simeon Djankov (Bulgarian: Симеон Дянков, Simeon Dyankov; born 13 July 1970) is a Bulgarian economist.	Simeon Djankov	13 July 1970
date of birth	Iván Palazzese (2 January 1962 -- 28 May 1989) was an Italian born Venezuelan professional motorcycle racer.	Iván Palazzese	2 January 1962
date of birth	Riccardo Zacconi, born 1968, is an Italian businessman, better known as the CEO of King Digital Entertainment, a company he founded in 2003.	Riccardo Zacconi	1968
date of birth	Anton Nanut, born September 13, 1932, is the best known Slovenian conductor of classical music.	Anton Nanut	1932
date of birth	Jonathan Yardley (born 1939) was a book critic at The Washington Post, and at one time of the Washington Star.	Jonathan Yardley	1939
date of birth	Georges Kars ('Georges Karpeles or Georg Karpeles - Jiri Karpeles) (1882 Kralupy - 1945 Genève) was a Czech painter known for his landscapes and nude paintings.	Georges Kars	1882
date of birth	Ian McColl, Baron McColl of Dulwich, CBE (born 6 January 1933) is a British surgeon, professor, politician and Conservative member of the House of Lords.	Ian McColl, Baron McColl of Dulwich	6 January 1933
date of birth	Helen Chenevix (1890--1963) was an Irish suffragist and trade unionist.	Helen Chenevix	1890
date of birth	Vladimir Maslov (Владимир Анатольевич Маслов/Vladimir Anatolevich Maslov, born 15 August 1941 in Leningrad, died 20 July 1998) was a Soviet Russian film and theatrical director, noted for his necrorealist works with Yevgeny Yufit.	Vladimir Maslov	15 August 1941
date of birth	Yan Yan Chan (Burmese: ရန်ရန်ချမ်း, pronounced: (jàɴ jàɴ tɕʰáɴ); born 5 December 1979) is a pioneer of Burmese hip hop and pro-democracy activist.	Yan Yan Chan	5 December 1979
date of birth	Helen Durham (born in 1968), an international humanitarian lawyer, is the Director of International Law and Policy at the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC).	Helen Durham	1968
date of birth	Ferdinand Kulmer was born 29 January 1925 in Cap Martin in the south of France, where his parents were spending the winter.	Ferdinand Kulmer	29 January 1925
date of birth	Abdul Ati al-Obeidi ( pronunciation AHB-duhl AH-tee al oh-BAY-dee Arabic: عبد العاطي العبيدي ‎); born 10 October 1939) is a Libyan politician and diplomat.	Abdul Ati al-Obeidi	10 October 1939
date of birth	Saad Bin Jung (born 26 October 1960, Delhi) is a former Indian cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1978 to 1984.	Saad Bin Jung	26 October 1960
date of birth	Denzel Slager (born 2 May 1993) is a Dutch-born Curaçaoan footballer who plays as a striker who currently plays for Orange County Blues.	Denzel Slager	2 May 1993
date of birth	Joseph Glickauf Jr. (1912 -- July 9, 2005), was an American-born engineer, inventor and corporate executive known as one of the first advocates of the use of computers in business and industry and the ``father'' of the computer consulting industry.	Joseph Glickauf	1912
date of birth	Giuseppe Santoro (born 1930) was an Italian lawyer and diplomat who was also active in politics as a supporter of the Socialists.	Giuseppe Santoro	1930
date of birth	Pat Liney (born 14 July 1936) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played in both Scotland and England for Dalry Thistle, Dundee, St. Mirren, Bradford Park Avenue and Bradford City.	Pat Liney	14 July 1936
date of birth	Victor Isakov (born 1947) is a mathematician working in the field of inverse problems for partial differential equations and related topics (potential theory, uniqueness of continuation and Carleman estimates, nonlinear functional analysis and calculus of variation).	Victor Isakov	1947
date of birth	Ulrich Krieger (born 1962 in Freiburg) is a German contemporary composer, performer, improviser and experimental rock musician based in Los Angeles.	Ulrich Krieger	1962
date of birth	Kurien Thomas (1922--2000) or Kurian Thomas was pioneer pentecostal missionary to Central India.	Kurien Thomas	1922
date of birth	Jeroo Billimoria (born 20 July 1965) is a pioneering social entrepreneur and the founder of several award-winning international NGOs.	Jeroo Billimoria	20 July 1965
date of birth	Jesse Foot (1744--1826) was an English surgeon and biographer.	Jesse Foot	1744
date of birth	Lindsay Turnbull (born 9 October 1930) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Lindsay Turnbull	9 October 1930
date of birth	Jo Rowbottom (born 1942) is a British character actress, best known for guest roles in numerous British TV series, and as James Beck's wife in Romany Jones.	Jo Rowbottom	1942
date of birth	Barney Hoskyns (born 1959) is a British music critic and editorial director of the online music journalism archive Rock's Backpages.	Barney Hoskyns	1959
date of birth	Sadok Khalgui (born 6 November 1978) is a Tunisian former judoka.	Sadok Khalgui	6 November 1978
date of birth	Norma Helen García Mora Starr (born c. 1943), more commonly known as Norma Mora, is a Mexican actress.	Norma Mora	1943
date of birth	Linda Dahle (born 8 November 1991) is a German 4.5 point national wheelchair basketball player who plays for the Hot Rolling Bears, and for the German national team.	Linda Dahle	8 November 1991
date of birth	Sir John Neeld, 1st Baronet (1805 -- 1891) was Member of Parliament for Cricklade between 1835 and 1859, and Chippenham, Wiltshire, England between 1865 and 1868.	John Neeld	1805
date of birth	Justice L. Narasimha Reddy (born 1 August 1953) is the Chief Justice of Patna High Court and was the senior most judge in of Hyderabad High Court.	L. Narasimha Reddy	1 August 1953
date of birth	Marc Stiegler (born 1 August 1954) is a science fiction author and software developer.	Marc Stiegler	1 August 1954
date of birth	Frederick L. Villepigue (1826--?) served as Secretary of State of Florida from July 1, 1853 to January 13, 1863.	Frederick L. Villepigue	1826
date of birth	János Kristóf Bródy, commonly known as János Bródy (born 5 April 1946) is a Hungarian pop singer, guitarist, composer and scriptwriter.	János Bródy	5 April 1946
date of birth	Taško Načić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ташко Начић; 7 April 1934 - 27 March 1993) was a popular Serbian actor.	Taško Načić	7 April 1934
date of birth	John M. Goldman (30 November 1938 -- 24 December 2013) was a British haematologist, oncologist and medical researcher.	John M. Goldman	30 November 1938
date of birth	Yashima Gakutei (Japanese: 八島岳亭; c. 1786 -- 1868) was a Japanese artist and poet who was a pupil of both Totoya Hokkei and Hokusai.	Yashima Gakutei	1786
date of birth	Elina Duni (born March 1981, Tirane, Albania) is a Swiss-Albanian jazz singer and composer.	Elina Duni	March 1981
date of birth	William Budworth (1699--1745) was a schoolmaster at Brewood in Staffordshire, England.	William Budworth	1699
date of birth	Wang Shiyan (simplified Chinese: 王时焰; traditional Chinese: 王時焰; pinyin: Wáng Shíyàn; Wade--Giles: Wang Shihyen, born 1949) is a modern Chinese painter born in Baoding, China.	Wang Shiyan	1949
date of birth	Orhan Terzi (born 28 June 1964), better known by his stage name DJ Quicksilver is a German-Turkish DJ and music producer.	DJ Quicksilver	28 June 1964
date of birth	Hanne Staff (born 3 February 1972) is a Norwegian orienteering athlete who has won three individual World Orienteering Championships medals.	Hanne Staff	3 February 1972
date of birth	Levon Julfalakyan (Armenian: Լեւոն Ջուլֆալակյան, born 5 April 1964) is a former Greco-Roman wrestler for the Soviet Union of Armenian descent.	Levon Julfalakyan	5 April 1964
date of birth	Harry Nattrass (born 1898, date of death unknown) was an English football referee who hailed from Seaham, in County Durham.	Harry Nattrass	1898
date of birth	István Sztáni (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈiʃtvaːn ˈstɒni); born 19 March 1937) is a former football manager and a retired Hungarian football striker.	István Sztáni	19 March 1937
date of birth	Mateja Kežman (Serbian Cyrillic: Матеја Кежман; born 12 April 1979) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played as a striker.	Mateja Kežman	12 April 1979
date of birth	Hu Weiwei (Chinese: 胡威威; Pinyin: Hú Wēiwēi; born 3 March 1993) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Qingdao Jonoon in the China League One.	Hu Weiwei	3 March 1993
date of birth	Giorgio Sirilli (born 1949 in Albano Laziale) is an Italian scholar in the field of science and technology policy.	Giorgio Sirilli	1949
date of birth	Jagmohanlal Sinha (12 May 1920 -- 20 March 2008) was an Indian judge, who served in the Allahabad High Court.	Jagmohanlal Sinha	12 May 1920
date of birth	Omer Atzili (Hebrew: עומר אצילי‎; born 27 July 1993) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Beitar Jerusalem.	Omer Atzili	27 July 1993
date of birth	Paul Rotterdam (born 12 February 1939) is an Austrian-born American painter.	Paul Rotterdam	1939
date of birth	Guillermo Varela Olivera (locally: (ɡiˈʃermo βaˈɾela oliˈβeɾa); born 24 March 1993) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a right-back for English club Manchester United.	Guillermo Varela	24 March 1993
date of birth	Jón Thoroddsen elder (October 5, 1818 or 1819 -- March 8, 1868) was an Icelandic poet and novelist.	Jón Thoroddsen elder	1818
date of birth	Mar Gregory Karotemprel was born on 6 May 1933 at Chemmalamattam in Kottayam district.	Gregory Karotemprel	6 May 1933
date of birth	Jake Halpern (born 1975) is an American writer, commentator, and radio producer.	Jake Halpern	1975
date of birth	Mammola Sandon, known by the stage name of Flo Sandon's (29 June 1924 -- 17 November 2006), was an Italian singer who was popular in the post-World War II years.	Flo Sandon's	29 June 1924
date of birth	Venetia Stevenson (born 10 March 1938) is an English-American film and television actress.	Venetia Stevenson	10 March 1938
date of birth	Alan Martello (born 14 September 1952) is a former Australian rules football player who played in the VFL between 1970 and 1980 for Hawthorn, and between 1981 and 1983 for Richmond.	Alan Martello	14 September 1952
date of birth	Bridget Rose Dugdale (born 1941 in Honiton, Devon), better known as Rose Dugdale, is a former debutante who rebelled against her wealthy upbringing, becoming a volunteer in the militant Irish republican organisation, the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA).	Rose Dugdale	1941
date of birth	Sherwood Schwarz (born November, 1930) is an American businessman and founder of Carnegie Associates Ltd and was the owner of the Toronto Argonauts from 1999 to 2003.	Sherwood Schwarz	1930
date of birth	Doris Speed, MBE (3 February 1899 -- 16 November 1994) was an English actress, best known for her role as the snooty Mayoress of fictional Weatherfield and Rovers Return Inn public house landlady Annie Walker on Coronation Street, a role she played from the series inception in 1960 until 1983.	Doris Speed	3 February 1899
date of birth	Jahangir Wasim (Persian: جهانگیر وسیم ) (born 15 January 1991) is a businessman and humanitarian.	Jahangir Wasim	15 January 1991
date of birth	Jack Wedley (1917 - September 29, 2003) was an all-star and record setting Grey Cup champion Canadian football player, playing from 1937 to 1951.	Jack Wedley	1917
date of birth	Ray St. Germain (born 1940 in St. Vital area of Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian musician, author, and radio show host.	Ray St. Germain	1940
date of birth	Giovanni Giorgio Moroder (Italian: (dʒoˈvanni ˈdʒordʒo moˈrɔːder); born 26 April 1940) is an Italian record producer, songwriter, performer and DJ. Moroder is frequently credited with pioneering synth disco and electronic music.	Giorgio Moroder	26 April 1940
date of birth	Carlo Buti (14 November 1902 -- 16 November 1963) was an Italian interpreter of popular and folk music.	Carlo Buti	14 November 1902
date of birth	Malia Cohen (born 1977) is an American politician currently serving on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors representing District 10, consisting of Bayview-Hunters Point, McLaren Park, part of the Portola, Potrero Hill, and Visitacion Valley.	Malia Cohen	1977
date of birth	Mariah A. Taylor, MSN, RN, CPNP (born 1 October 1939, in Atlanta, Texas), is the founder of the North Portland Nurse Practitioner Community Health Clinic in Portland, Oregon.	Mariah A. Taylor	1 October 1939
date of birth	Lars Lindén (born 1945) is a Swedish Christian democratic politician, member of the Riksdag from 2002 to 2009.	Lars Lindén	1945
date of birth	Charles Holme was born on 7 October 1848 in Derby, the younger son of a silk manufacturer, George Holme, and his wife Ann, née Brentnall.	Charles Holme	7 October 1848
date of birth	Émilie Andéol (born 30 October 1987) is a French judoka competing in the women's 70 kg division.	Émilie Andéol	30 October 1987
date of birth	Giorgio Tuinfort (born 30 April 1981), is a Surinamese-born Dutch music composer and producer.	Giorgio Tuinfort	1981
date of birth	Marcella Michelangeli (born 28 January 1943) is an Italian former actress and singer.	Marcella Michelangeli	28 January 1943
date of birth	Dorotheea Petre (born 9 January 1981) is a Romanian actress who won a special jury award for best actress at the Cannes Film Festival in 2006.	Dorotheea Petre	9 January 1981
date of birth	William Chak (born 29 March 1985) is a Hong Kong actor and presenter who achieved fame through TVB's 2010 Mr. Hong Kong contest.	William Chak	29 March 1985
date of birth	Metin Diyadin (born 16 February 1968) is a Turkish football manager and retired player.	Metin Diyadin	16 February 1968
date of birth	Jenny Hansson, born 26 August 1980, is a Swedish former cross country skier who competed between 2002 and 2013.	Jenny Hansson	26 August 1980
date of birth	Kang Hyo-shil (Korean: 강효실, Hanja: 姜孝實) (1932 -- November 2, 1996) was a South Korean film and stage actress.	Kang Hyo-shil	1932
date of birth	Sharafat Hussain Khan (born July 1930) was an Indian classical vocalist, and was amongst the most brilliant Khayal vocalists of the post - independence era.	Sharafat Hussain Khan	July 1930
date of birth	Frane Adam (born 23 November 1948) is a Slovenian sociologist, editor and former dissident political activist.	Frane Adam	23 November 1948
date of birth	Nils Johan Semb (born 24 February 1959) was the coach of the Norwegian national football team from 1998 to 2003, presiding over 68 matches.	Nils Johan Semb	24 February 1959
date of birth	Ighraa (Arabic: إغراء), also romanised as Igraa, (19 January 1945 - ) is a Syrian actress and belly dancer who reached her fame mostly in Syrian cinema of the 1970s.	Ighraa	19 January 1945
date of birth	Sione Kalamafoni (born 18 May 1988) is a rugby union footballer who plays at number 8 for Gloucester.	Sione Kalamafoni	18 May 1988
date of birth	Gareth Hock (born 5 September 1983) is an English professional rugby league footballer who plays in the Championship for English club, Leigh Centurions.	Gareth Hock	5 September 1983
date of birth	Melancthon Williams Jacobus, Jr., A.B., D.D. (1855--1937) was an American theologian.	Melancthon Williams Jacobus, Jr.	1855
date of birth	Bohuslav Hasištejnský z Lobkovic (Czech pronunciation: (ˈboɦuslav ˈɦasɪʃtɛjnskiː ˈzlopkovits)) (1461 -- 11 November 1510) was a nobleman, writer and humanist of old Bohemian family (later the princes) of Lobkovic.	Bohuslav Hasištejnský z Lobkovic	1461
date of birth	Midam (born 16 May 1963) is the pseudonym of Michel Ledent, the Belgian comics author best known for Kid Paddle.	Midam	16 May 1963
date of birth	Idris Rahman (Bengali: ইদ্রিস রহমান; born 16 July 1976) is an English clarinettist, saxophonist and music producer.	Idris Rahman	16 July 1976
date of birth	Ryan Lynch (born 13 March 1987) is an English professional association footballer.	Ryan Lynch	13 March 1987
date of birth	Marco Tobón Mejía (1876-1933) was a Colombian sculptor, draughtsman, and painter.	Marco Tobón Mejía	1876
date of birth	Ernesto Fajardo, better known by his stage name Don Pepot, or simply Pepot (born 1935), is a Filipino comedian, actor, radio host and writer.	Don Pepot	1935
date of birth	Nemanja Glavčić (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Главчић; born 19 February 1997) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Serbian SuperLiga club Radnik Surdulica, on loan from Partizan.	Nemanja Glavčić	19 February 1997
date of birth	Süleyman Yağcıoğlu (born 1952) is a Turkish politician and was the leader of the Alternative Party (A.P.) between 2012 and 2015.	Süleyman Yağcıoğlu	1952
date of birth	George Augustus Addison (Calcutta, 1792--Java, about January 1815) was the author of collected works published posthumously under the title, Indian Reminiscences, or the Bengal Moofussul Miscellany, in London by Edward Bull in 1837.	George Augustus Addison	1792
date of birth	Neck Face (born 1984 in Stockton, California) is an anonymous graffiti artist.	Neck Face	1984
date of birth	Anna Maria Barbara Abesch (23 March 1706, Sursee -- 15 February 1773, Sursee) was a Swiss reverse glass painter and the daughter of Johann Peter Abesch.	Anna Maria Barbara Abesch	23 March 1706
date of birth	Peter Pilz (born 22 January 1954) is an Austrian politician and a leading member of the Austrian Green Party.	Peter Pilz	22 January 1954
date of birth	Jacqueline Left Hand Bull (formerly Delahunt, born in 1943), member of the Sicangu Lakota of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe, was brought up in her view in a traditional Lakota way by her grandparents and parents.	Jacqueline Left Hand Bull	1943
date of birth	Philippe Francq (born 13 December 1961) is a Belgian comic book artist, best known for the series Largo Winch.	Philippe Francq	13 December 1961
date of birth	Lydia Tomkiw (August 6, 1959 -- September 4, 2007) was an American poet, singer, and songwriter, best known for her work with the new wave musical group Algebra Suicide, along with her husband Don Hedeker.	Lydia Tomkiw	1959
date of birth	Tog Humphreys (born Edward Humphreys on 25 April 1968) was an English cricketer.	Tog Humphreys	25 April 1968
date of birth	Colin McFarlane (born 15 September 1961) is an English actor and voice artist.	Colin McFarlane	15 September 1961
date of birth	Veselin Velikov (Bulgarian: Веселин Великов; born 19 March 1977) is a former Bulgarian footballer, and now manager.	Veselin Velikov	19 March 1977
date of birth	Lachlan Hay (born 25 May 1986 in Baulkham Hills) is an Australian short-track speed-skater.	Lachlan Hay	25 May 1986
date of birth	Dennis Hare (born 1946) is a Californian artist, known mainly for his figurative work, and a former beach volleyball player and athlete.	Dennis Hare	1946
date of birth	Otto VIII, Count of Hoya (1530 -- 25 February 1582 at Hoya Castle in Hoya) was the last ruling Count of Hoya.	Otto VIII, Count of Hoya	1530
date of birth	Halyna Andreyeva (Ukrainian: Галина Андреєва; born 1985) is a beauty pageant titleholder from Odessa; she won the title of Miss Ukraine Earth 2007 and competed in Miss Earth 2007 pageant in Manila, Philippines.	Halyna Andreyeva	1985
date of birth	Haroon Ahmed FREng (born 2 March 1936), is a prominent British Pakistani scientist in the fields of microelectronics and electrical engineering.	Haroon Ahmed	2 March 1936
date of birth	Dilys Elwyn-Edwards (née Roberts; 19 August 1918 -- 13 January 2012) was a Welsh-language composer, lecturer and accompanist.	Dilys Elwyn-Edwards	19 August 1918
date of birth	Jade Wall (born 20 April 1989, Nambour, Queensland) is an Australian softball player.	Jade Wall	20 April 1989
date of birth	Tash Aw, whose full name is Aw Ta-Shi (Chinese: 歐大旭; pinyin: Ōu Dàxù; b. 1971) is a Malaysian writer living in London.	Tash Aw	1971
date of birth	Enrique Bostelmann (March 1939 -- December 3, 2003) was a Mexican photographer known for his artistic work related to social problems as well as the use of objects and concepts from other artistic disciplines such as sculpture in his work.	Enrique Bostelmann	1939
date of birth	Tamaryn Payne (born 25 September 1988), is an English actress best known for playing Annalise Appleton in the series Hollyoaks.	Tamaryn Payne	25 September 1988
date of birth	Wilfrid Desan (1908-- 14 January 2001) was a professor in philosophy best known for introducing French existentialism and especially the thought of Jean-Paul Sartre to the United States.	Wilfrid Desan	1908
date of birth	Joey Corpus (born 1958) is a violin teacher living in New York City.	Joey Corpus	1958
date of birth	Zita Loseva (born 17 June 1954 in Maironiai, Kelmė District Municipality) is a Lithuanian politician and public activist.	Zita Loseva	17 June 1954
date of birth	Domingos Culolo (born 1941 in Uíge Province) is an Angolan diplomat and lawyer.	Domingos Culolo	1941
date of birth	Alex Trembach (born 7 July 1986) is an Israeli sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres.	Alex Trembach	7 July 1986
date of birth	Karen Mac Cormack (born Luanshya, Zambia, 1956) is a contemporary experimental poet.	Karen Mac Cormack	1956
date of birth	Thibaud Gaudin (1229? -- April 16, 1292) was the Grand Master of the Knights Templar from August 1291 until his death in April 1292.	Thibaud Gaudin	1229
date of birth	Abbas Gharabaghi (born 1918 in Tabriz - died 2000 in Paris) was the last chief of staff of the Iranian armed forces as well as deputy commander-in-chief of the Iranian Imperial Army during the rule of the Pahlavi dynasty.	Abbas Gharabaghi	1918
date of birth	Simon Basher, (born 1970) is an English artist, illustrator and author based in London.	Simon Basher	1970
date of birth	William Haldimand (9 September 1784 -- 20 September 1862) was an English philanthropist, director of the Bank of England, and Member of Parliament.	William Haldimand	9 September 1784
date of birth	Ramon Zenker (born 11 November 1968) is a German techno-artist, remixer and producer.	Ramon Zenker	11 November 1968
date of birth	Sir Henry James Sumner Maine, KCSI (15 August 1822 -- 3 February 1888), was a British comparative jurist and historian.	Henry James Sumner Maine	15 August 1822
date of birth	Milan Ćalasan (born 29 October 1954) is a retired Slovenian-born Montenegrin football player, nowadays based in France where he's active as a players agent.	Milan Ćalasan	29 October 1954
date of birth	Michael Perelman (born October 1, 1939) is an American economist and economic historian, currently professor of economics at California State University, Chico.	Michael Perelman	1939
date of birth	Eric Oldfield (born 1947) is an Australian actor and former model, who remains best known for his role in the soap opera The Young Doctors as Dr. Ben Fielding.	Eric Oldfield	1947
date of birth	Jorge Perugorría Rodríguez (aka ``Pichi'') (born 13 August 1965) is a Cuban actor.	Jorge Perugorría	13 August 1965
date of birth	Rebecca Tarbotton (30 July 1973 -- 26 December 2012) was an environmental, human rights, and food activist, and the Executive Director of Rainforest Action Network.	Rebecca Tarbotton	30 July 1973
date of birth	Mario Hirsch (born 6 April 1949 in Luxembourg City) is a Luxembourgian political scientist and journalist.	Mario Hirsch	6 April 1949
date of birth	Kaberi Gayen (Bengali: কাবেরী গায়েন, also spelt Kaberi Gain; born 1 January 1970) is a prominent Bengali academic, author, and social activist known for her outspoken views on the oppression of minorities and gender inequality in Bangladesh.	Kaberi Gayen	1 January 1970
date of birth	Shathira Jakir Jessy (Bengali: সাথিরা জাকির জেসী) (born 30 November 1990, Lalmonirhat, Bangladesh) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays for the Bangladesh national women's cricket team.	Shathira Jakir	30 November 1990
date of birth	Rich Jacobs (born 1972, Long Beach, CA) is an American artist and curator who currently lives and works in Oakland, CA.	Rich Jacobs	1972
date of birth	Elena Ionescu (17 May 1988) is a Romanian singer who since 2006 has been the lead singer of pop band Mandinga, replacing Elena Gheorghe after she left the group to work on her solo career.	Elena Ionescu	17 May 1988
date of birth	Bruno Brokken (born 9 May 1953 in Wilrijk) is a former Belgian high jumper.	Bruno Brokken	9 May 1953
date of birth	Marko Petkovšek is a Slovenian mathematician, born: 1955, working mainly in symbolic computation.	Marko Petkovšek	1955
date of birth	Philip John Whitcombe (born 11 November 1928) is a former English cricketer who played 34 first-class matches between 1949 and 1953.	Philip John Whitcombe	11 November 1928
date of birth	Leiki Loone (born 29 February 1944), is an Estonian mathematician specialising in applications of functional analysis in theory of summability and in the structure theory of topological vector spaces.	Leiki Loone	1944
date of birth	Johnny Wheeler (born 26 July 1928) is an English former professional football player.	Johnny Wheeler	26 July 1928
date of birth	Ivan Patzaichin (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈvan paˈt͡sajkin); born 26 November 1949) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1960s to the mid-1980s.	Ivan Patzaichin	26 November 1949
date of birth	Remi-Casimir Oudin (1638--1719) was a French Premonstratensian monk and bibliographer, who later in life was a Protestant convert, and a librarian in Leyden.	Casimir Oudin	1638
date of birth	Tsai Ming-liang (Chinese: 蔡明亮; pinyin: Cài Míngliàng) (born 27 October 1957) is a Malaysian Chinese filmmaker.	Tsai Ming-liang	27 October 1957
date of birth	Kadri Enis Berberoğlu (born 1 April 1956) is a Turkish politician and journalist from the Republican People's Party (CHP), who has served as the Member of Parliament for İstanbul's second electoral district since 2015.	Enis Berberoğlu	1956
date of birth	Elias Hicks Blackburn (born 1827) was the first Latter-day Saint bishop of Provo and later served as a member of the Utah Territorial Legislature.	Elias Hicks Blackburn	1827
date of birth	Manish Jain (born 25 August 1988) is an Indian Billiards and Snooker player.	Manish Jain	25 August 1988
date of birth	Mark Crilly (born 23 May 1980), is a Scottish professional footballer who was most recently co-manager of Junior side Kilbirnie Ladeside.	Mark Crilly	23 May 1980
date of birth	Zhao Erfeng (1845--1911), courtesy name Jihe, was a Qing Dynasty official and Chinese bannerman, who belonged to the Plain Blue Banner.	Zhao Erfeng	1845
date of birth	Wilfred Bourque (March 1879 -- August 19, 1909), also known as Billy Bourque and William Bourque, was a Canadian racecar driver, born in W. Farnham, Québec.	Wilfred Bourque	March 1879
date of birth	Harold Henry Fisher (1890--1975) was a US historian specializing in Russian history.	Harold Henry Fisher	1890
date of birth	Ingrid Calame (born 1965) is an American artist based in Los Angeles, known for her abstract, map-like paintings inspired by human detritus.	Ingrid Calame	1965
date of birth	Wolter Wierbos (born 1 September 1957 in Holten, Overijssel) is a Dutch jazz trombonist.	Wolter Wierbos	1 September 1957
date of birth	Giuseppe Della Valle (born 25 February 1899) was an Italian former football player who featured in the Italian national team as a striker.	Giuseppe Della Valle	25 February 1899
date of birth	Jeanne de Casalis (22 May 1897 -- 19 August 1966) was a Basutoland-born British actress of stage, radio, and film.	Jeanne de Casalis	22 May 1897
date of birth	Dorothy Counts (born 1942) was one of the first black students admitted to the Harry Harding High School, in Charlotte, North Carolina.	Dorothy Counts	1942
date of birth	Victoria Hopper (24 May 1909 -- 22 January 2007) was a Canadian-born British stage and film actress and singer.	Victoria Hopper	24 May 1909
date of birth	Jennie Brand-Miller FAIFST, FNSA (born 1952), also known as Janette Cecile Brand, holds a personal chair in human nutrition in the School of Molecular Biosciences at the University of Sydney.	Jennie Brand-Miller	1952
date of birth	Ryszard Pilarczyk (born 5 November 1975 in Poznań) is a former Polish athlete specializing in sprinting events.	Ryszard Pilarczyk	5 November 1975
date of birth	Indira Radić (Serbian Cyrillic: Индира Радић, born 14 June 1966) is a Serbian pop-folk singer.	Indira Radić	14 June 1966
date of birth	Justin Clemens (born 22 April 1969) is an Australian academic known for his work on Alain Badiou, psychoanalysis, European philosophy, and contemporary Australian art and literature.	Justin Clemens	22 April 1969
date of birth	Sarah Lark (born 28 January 1983) is a Welsh singer and actress who rose to fame when she competed as one of the finalists in the BBC talent show-themed television series I'd Do Anything in 2008.	Sarah Lark	28 January 1983
date of birth	Carlos Raúl Morales Moscoso (born 7 October 1970) is the current Minister of Foreign Affairs of Guatemala.	Carlos Raúl Morales	7 October 1970
date of birth	Eugene G. d'Aquili (born 1940) was a research psychiatrist who specialized in studying members of religious communities (e.g., brain image scans).	Eugene G. d'Aquili	1940
date of birth	Andreas Frederik Krieger (4 October 1817, Kolbjørnsvik -- 27 September 1893) was a Danish politician, government minister, professor of law and supreme court judge.	Andreas Frederik Krieger	4 October 1817
date of birth	John Stefan Medina Ramírez (born 14 June 1992) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for Pachuca on loan from Monterrey in the Liga MX.	Stefan Medina	14 June 1992
date of birth	Gülseren Yıldırım Gomez (born Gülseren Yıldırım, 1973), known on stage simply as Gülseren, is a Turkish born French singer, whose output covers a wide range of genres, including pop, Latin, techno, and traditional Turkish music.	Gülseren	1973
date of birth	Derek Isles (born 14 October 1943) is a former English cricketer: a wicket-keeper who played a single first-class match, for Worcestershire against the Pakistanis at Worcester in 1967.	Derek Isles	14 October 1943
date of birth	Johann Rosenzopf (born 22 April 1939 in Klagenfurt) is an Austrian former industrial manager, who meanwhile has retired.	Johann Rosenzopf	22 April 1939
date of birth	Deborah Warner CBE (born 12 May 1959) is a world renown British director of theatre and opera known for her interpretations of the works of Shakespeare, Bertolt Brecht, Georg Büchner, and Henrik Ibsen.	Deborah Warner	12 May 1959
date of birth	Dai Xiaoxiang (Chinese: 戴小祥; pinyin: Dài Xiăoxiáng; 15 December 1990) is a Chinese archer.	Dai Xiaoxiang	15 December 1990
date of birth	Matt Floyd (born 30 November 1980) is a British broadcaster who works for Sky Sports.	Matt Floyd	30 November 1980
date of birth	Ruth Jennifer Ondo Mouchita (born 1992) is a Gabonese beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Gabon 2013 and the representative of Gabon in Miss Universe 2013.	Ruth Jennifer Ondo Mouchita	1992
date of birth	Hansjörg Kunze (born 28 December 1959 in Rostock) is a German track and field athlete.	Hansjörg Kunze	28 December 1959
date of birth	Sir John Lauder, 1st Baronet, of Newington and Fountainhall (1595 -- 2 April 1692) was a notable Scottish baillie and Treasurer of the City of Edinburgh, who was raised to a Nova Scotia baronetcy in 1688.	Sir John Lauder, 1st Baronet	1595
date of birth	Jean-Michel Cohen (22 May 1959) is a French nutritionist and author.	Jean-Michel Cohen	22 May 1959
date of birth	Mark Goffeney (born 1969) is an American musician from San Diego, California, known as ``Big Toe'' because, being born without arms, he plays guitar with his feet.	Mark Goffeney	1969
date of birth	Jolanda Neff (born 5 January 1993) is a Swiss cross-country cyclist.	Jolanda Neff	5 January 1993
date of birth	Jan Pieter Theodoor Huydecoper (2 September 1728 -- 11 July 1767) was an administrator of the Dutch West India Company.	Jan Pieter Theodoor Huydecoper	2 September 1728
date of birth	Dušan Martinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Мартиновић; born 22 December 1987) is a Serbian football Midfielder who plays for Jagodina in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Dušan Martinović	22 December 1987
date of birth	Gary Minihan (born 24 January 1962) is an Australian retired sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.	Gary Minihan	24 January 1962
date of birth	Annita van Doorn (born 26 April 1983) is a Dutch Short track speed skater.	Annita van Doorn	26 April 1983
date of birth	Jack Mueller (9 September 1915 -- 14 June 2001) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Mueller	9 September 1915
date of birth	Ali Atwa (born about 1960) (Arabic: علي عطوة‎) is a Lebanese national and member of the Islamist organization Hezbollah.	Ali Atwa	1960
date of birth	Swami Maheshwarananda, born Mangilal Garg, known as Swamiji (born 15 August 1945 in Rupawas, Pali district, Rajasthan, India), is a yogi, guru .	Swami Maheshwarananda	15 August 1945
date of birth	Kirk Cashmere (1955 -- December 2, 2002) was a prominent civil rights attorney who helped make same-sex marriage a major issue in Hawaii, as well as a historian and pioneer of organized Judaism in the state.	Kirk Cashmere	1955
date of birth	Edward Leslie Burgin (13 July 1887--16 August 1945) was a British Liberal and later Liberal National politician in the 1930s.	Leslie Burgin	1887
date of birth	Endre Røsjø (born 31 August 1944 in Oslo) is a Norwegian investment banker based in London.	Endre Røsjø	1944
date of birth	Archimede Morleo (Italian: (arkiˈmɛde morˈlɛo); born 26 September 1983) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie A club Bologna.	Archimede Morleo	26 September 1983
date of birth	Helene Hegarty (born 1930) is a former British cricket player who played seven test matches for the England women's cricket team between 1954 and 1963.	Helene Hegarty	1930
date of birth	Charles Marsham, 4th Earl of Romney (7 March 1841-21 August 1905), styled Viscount Marsham from 1845 to 1874, was a British Conservative politician.	Charles Marsham, 4th Earl of Romney	7 March 1841
date of birth	Judith Herrin (born 1942) is a British archaeologist and academic of Late Antiquity.	Judith Herrin	1942
date of birth	Nicolae Corneanu (21 November 1923 - 28 September 2014) was a Romanian metropolitan bishop of the Romanian Orthodox Church who led the Metropolis of Banat from 1962 until his death in 2014.	Nicolae Corneanu	21 November 1923
date of birth	Henrietta Dubrey (b 1966) is an abstract artist currently living in West Penwith, Cornwall.	Henrietta Dubrey	1966
date of birth	John P. Mohr (20 April 1910 -- 25 January 1997) was an administrator with the US Federal Bureau of Investigation.	John P. Mohr	20 April 1910
date of birth	Jack Topping (born c. 2002) is an English chorister who came to public attention during 2013 for his solo vocal performances.	Jack Topping	2002
date of birth	Joe Duttine (born 30 June 1970), sometimes credited as Jo Duttine, is an English film, theatre and television actor.	Joe Duttine	30 June 1970
date of birth	Reginald Hawthorn Hooker (12 January 1867 -- 2 June 1944) English civil servant, statistician and meteorologist.	Reginald Hawthorn Hooker	12 January 1867
date of birth	Matija Babić (born 1978) is a Croatian journalist and entrepreneur best known for editing news website Index.hr.	Matija Babić	1978
date of birth	Earle Labor (born 1928) is the official biographer of novelist Jack London and curator of the Jack London Museum in Shreveport.	Earle Labor	1928
date of birth	Morosina Morosini-Grimani (1545 - January 21, 1614), was a Venetian patrician.	Morosina Morosini	1545
date of birth	Vladimir Berdnikov (born 1946, Koszalin, Polish People's Republic) is a Russian painter and glass artist , notable for receiving Honored Artist of Russia award (1991).	Vladimir Berdnikov	1946
date of birth	Angelo Vercesi (born 23 June 1967) is a Brazlian volleyball coach and former player.	Angelo Vercesi	23 June 1967
date of birth	Kevin Hewick (born 4 February 1957) is an English singer-songwriter who was an early member of the Factory Records roster.	Kevin Hewick	4 February 1957
date of birth	Marcus Harvey (born 1963 in Leeds) is an English artist and painter, one of the Young British Artists (YBAs).	Marcus Harvey	1963
date of birth	Faraz Ahmed (born 16 October 1984) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer who plays for Karachi cricket team.	Faraz Ahmed	16 October 1984
date of birth	Percy Legard (17 June 1906 -- 1980) was a British Army officer and sportsman.	Percy Legard	17 June 1906
date of birth	Allegra Versace Beck (Italian pronunciation: ('ale:ɡra verˈsaːtʃe be:k); born 30 June 1986), commonly known as Allegra Versace, is an Italian heiress and socialite.	Allegra Versace	30 June 1986
date of birth	Stefan Ekberg (born 21 January 1972 in Motala, Sweden) is an international motorcycle speedway rider who returned to the British Premier League with the for the Glasgow Tigers after a ten-year absence in 2005.	Stefan Ekberg	21 January 1972
date of birth	John Robinson McClean CB FRS (21 March 1813 -- 13 July 1873), was a British civil engineer and Liberal Party politician.	John Robinson McClean	21 March 1813
date of birth	Judi Richards (born 12 August 1949) is a Canadian pop singer and songwriter.	Judi Richards	12 August 1949
date of birth	Joe Funk (1917--1981) was an American artist and printmaker born in Los Angeles, California in 1914 to Polish and German immigrant parents.	Joe Funk	1917
date of birth	Estelle Elizabeth (born 29 June 1996) is a French ice dancer who competed with partner Romain Le Gac.	Estelle Elizabeth	29 June 1996
date of birth	Helena Squires, née Strong (1879 - 1959) was a politician in Newfoundland.	Helena Squires	1879
date of birth	Henry Katz (born 1892, date of death unknown) was a medical doctor who was sentenced to prison at Sing Sing in June 1943.	Henry Katz	1892
date of birth	April Rose Pengilly (born 12 April 1988; pronounced pen-gill-ee), also known as April Rose, is an Australian actress and former model.	April Rose Pengilly	12 April 1988
date of birth	Huang Hengmei (Chinese: 黄恒美; born December 1940) is a retired lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) of China.	Huang Hengmei	1940
date of birth	Henry P. Larrabee (1830 -- 19 December 1906), also known as Hank Larrabee, was a 49er and a rancher in the Eel River Valley of Humboldt County, California notorious for his treatment of Indians.	Henry P. Larrabee	1830
date of birth	Gary Hinchley (born 14 November 1968) is an English former footballer who made 27 appearances in the Football League playing as a full back for Darlington in the 1980s and 1990s.	Gary Hinchley	14 November 1968
date of birth	Duncan McNichol (born 1876) was a Scottish footballer.	Duncan McNichol	1876
date of birth	Leonard D. Wexler (born November 11, 1924) is a federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York.	Leonard D. Wexler	1924
date of birth	Rustam Durmonov (Uzbek: Rustam Do'rmonov or Рустам Дўрмонов) (born 28 January 1969), is former Uzbek professional footballer.	Rustam Durmonov	28 January 1969
date of birth	Keith Sinjohn Joseph, Baron Joseph CH PC QC (17 January 1918 -- 10 December 1994), known as Sir Keith Joseph for most of his political life, was a British barrister and politician.	Keith Joseph	17 January 1918
date of birth	John Jay Hooker, Jr. (August 24, 1930 -- January 24, 2016) was an American attorney, entrepreneur, political gadfly and perennial candidate from Nashville, Tennessee, who was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Tennessee in 1970 and 1998.	John Jay Hooker	1930
date of birth	Maury Klein (born 14 March 1939 in Memphis, Tennessee) is an American historian and author of books on 19th Century American history and the American railroad industry.	Maury Klein	14 March 1939
date of birth	Gao Ying (高郢) (740 -- July 24, 811), courtesy name Gongchu (公楚), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Dezong and Emperor Shunzong.	Gao Ying	740
date of birth	Jozef Kožlej (born 8 July 1973) is a retired Slovak international professional footballer who played for clubs in Czechoslovakia, Germany, Greece and Cyprus.	Jozef Kožlej	8 July 1973
date of birth	Tony Trov (born Anthony Trovarello 1983) is an American film maker, comic book creator and musician best known for the independent horror comedy Alpha Girls.	Tony Trov	1983
date of birth	Aung Khin (Burmese: အောင်ခင် (ʔàʊɴ kʰɪ̀ɴ), 13 February 1921 -- 14 May 1996) was a Burmese painter who became prominent in the Mandalay art world.	Aung Khin	13 February 1921
date of birth	Sascha Gerstner (born 2 April 1977) is a German musician and songwriter, best known as one of the guitarists and backing vocalists of power metal band Helloween since 2003.	Sascha Gerstner	2 April 1977
date of birth	First Lieutenant Oliver Colwell (1834 to October 12, 1862) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War.	Oliver Colwell	1834
date of birth	Liu Jiayin is a Chinese independent filmmaker and educator, born in Beijing in 1981.	Liu Jiayin	1981
date of birth	Bobby Verdon-Roe (born 21 November 1965 in Winchester) is a British professional racing driver who has raced in various formats of motor sport throughout his career.	Bobby Verdon-Roe	21 November 1965
date of birth	Roberto Neves Adam Júnior (born 29 June 1989), simply known as Juninho is a Brazilian professional footballer who played for Ethnikos Achna in Cyprus.	Roberto Neves Adam Júnior	29 June 1989
date of birth	Katarína Mravíková (born 28 December 1977 in Trenčín) is a retired Slovakian handballer.	Katarína Mravíková	28 December 1977
date of birth	Anthony Noble Frankland CB, CBE, DFC, DPhil, (born 4 July 1922), is a British historian and a former Director General of the Imperial War Museum.	Noble Frankland	4 July 1922
date of birth	Jaimie Warren (born 1980) is an American photographer and performance artist who is based in Kansas City, Missouri and New York City.	Jaimie Warren	1980
date of birth	Sir William Thomas, 1st Baronet (29 July 1641 -- 18 November 1706) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1679, and from 1980 to 1706.	Sir William Thomas, 1st Baronet	29 July 1641
date of birth	Danielle Brown MBE (born 10 April 1988) is an English competitive archer.	Danielle Brown	10 April 1988
date of birth	David Edward Hughes (16 May 1831 -- 22 January 1900), was a British-American inventor, practical experimenter, and professor of music known for his work on the printing telegraph and the microphone.	David Edward Hughes	16 May 1831
date of birth	Ernie Lyons (5 March 1914 -- 7 February 2014) was a motorcycle racer from Ireland who entered selected Grands Prix.	Ernie Lyons	5 March 1914
date of birth	Dee Shulman (born 1957) is a British author and illustrator of novels for children and young adults.	Dee Shulman	1957
date of birth	Seán Batty (born 6 May 1982) is a meteorologist, currently working for STV.	Seán Batty	6 May 1982
date of birth	Nobuhiro Sonoda is a luthier of reputation, born in Tokyo, 1949, working and residing in Chiba, Japan, since 1999.	Nobuhiro Sonoda	1949
date of birth	Wayne van Heerden (born 29 March 1979) is a former South African rugby union player, who played mainly as a flanker for the majority of his career before becoming a lock towards the end of his career.	Wayne van Heerden	29 March 1979
date of birth	Lady Lucinda Lambton, Lady Worsthorne (born 10 May 1943) is an English writer, photographer and broadcaster on architectural subjects.	Lucinda Lambton	10 May 1943
date of birth	Doug Barwick (born 6 February 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented Fitzroy and Collingwood in the Australian Football League.	Doug Barwick	6 February 1962
date of birth	Miriam Cani (30 May 1985 in Elbasan) is an Albanian singer and television host.	Miriam Cani	30 May 1985
date of birth	İshak Doğan (born 9 August 1990) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a left back for Turkish club Eskişehirspor on loan from Trabzonspor.	İshak Doğan	9 August 1990
date of birth	Henri Pensis (3 November 1900 -- 1 June 1958), was a Luxembourgish conductor, composer and violinist.	Henri Pensis	3 November 1900
date of birth	Tan Kun-giok (Chinese: 陳君玉; 1905 -- March 4, 1963), also known as Chen Chun-yu in Mandarin, was a Taiwanese songwriter and author born in Dadaocheng.	Tan Kun-giok	1905
date of birth	Nicholas Pope (1949, Sydney, Australia), British/Australian artist.	Nicholas Pope	1949
date of birth	Leslie Charteris (12 May 1907 -- 15 April 1993), born Leslie Charles Bowyer-Yin, was a British-Chinese author of adventure fiction, as well as a screenwriter.	Leslie Charteris	12 May 1907
date of birth	Lee Heung-kam (born 13 January 1932 in Shunde, Guangdong, China) is a veteran Cantonese opera and TVB actress from Hong Kong.	Lee Heung-kam	13 January 1932
date of birth	Sue Shelton White (1887 - May 6, 1943), called Miss Sue, was a feminist leader and lawyer originally from Henderson, Tennessee who served as a national leader of the women's suffrage movement.	Sue Shelton White	1887
date of birth	Neil Gall (born 1967 in Aberdeen, Scotland) is a painter based in London, working with a number of processes including modelling, assemblage, photography and painting.	Neil Gall	1967
date of birth	Petr Pavlas (born 4 February 1968 in Olomouc) is a former Czech professional ice hockey player who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga.	Petr Pavlas	4 February 1968
date of birth	Hubert Abold (born 13 June 1958) is a retired German professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Hubert Abold	13 June 1958
date of birth	Kevin Mark Trail (born October 1980) is a British R&B, soul, reggae and hip hop singer-songwriter producer.	Kevin Mark Trail	October 1980
date of birth	Bronislovas Rudys (born 1954) also known as Bronius Rudys is a Lithuanian image and installation art artist.	Bronislovas Rudys	1954
date of birth	Joel Faulkner (born 5 May 1991 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a utility back.	Joel Faulkner	5 May 1991
date of birth	Jimmy Somers (born November 1939) is an Irish trade unionist.	Jimmy Somers	November 1939
date of birth	Emmanuel Okoli (born 13 November 1973) is a retired Nigerian sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.	Emmanuel Okoli	13 November 1973
date of birth	Li Datong (李大同, born 1952) was the Managing Editor of Freezing Point, a section of China Youth Daily.	Li Datong	1952
date of birth	Munshi Abdul Majid (Pashto: منشي عبدالمجید‎)(born 1952) is an Afghan politician.	Munshi Abdul Majid	1952
date of birth	Sheri Salata (born 1959) is co-president of Oprah Winfrey Network (OWN) and president of Winfrey's Harpo Productions.	Sheri Salata	1959
date of birth	Phonse Hayes (4 July 1904 -- 16 April 1951) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Phonse Hayes	4 July 1904
date of birth	Isabelle Gauthier (born 2 April 1980) is a Canadian ice skater, and as of 2011, one of the Dancing on Ice professional skaters.	Isabelle Gauthier	2 April 1980
date of birth	Nestor Cambier (1879--1957) was a Belgian artist and draftsman whose portraits were compared favourably with those of John Singer Sargent but who now is largely forgotten.	Nestor Cambier	1879
date of birth	Hlumelo Biko (born January 1978, in King William's Town, Eastern Cape, South Africa) is a South African businessman and investment banker.	Hlumelo Biko	1978
date of birth	Robert Garner (born 1960) is professor of political theory at the University of Leicester in the UK.	Robert Garner	1960
date of birth	Antonio de Luca (born 24 August 1975) is a Canadian creative director and photo-book designer based in Berlin.	Antonio de Luca	24 August 1975
date of birth	Catherine Leutenegger (born 1983) is a Swiss visual artist and photographer.	Catherine Leutenegger	1983
date of birth	Narayana Purushothama Mallaya was born on 7 May 1929 in Mattancherry, a coastal town in Kochi, in the South Indian state of Kerala to N. M. Saraswathi Bhai, reportedly the first woman teacher in the state.	Narayana Purushothama Mallaya	7 May 1929
date of birth	Muhammad Ilham (born 22 January 1981 in Majene), usually called M. Ilham is an Indonesian professional football player.	Muhammad Ilham	22 January 1981
date of birth	Monika Zgustová (22 March 1957, Praha) is a Czech writer and translator.	Monika Zgustová	22 March 1957
date of birth	Owen Money MBE (born Lynn Mittell, May 1947), is a Welsh musician, actor, comedian, and radio presenter.	Owen Money	May 1947
date of birth	Karl-Edwin Manshaus (born 19 February 1940) is a Norwegian businessperson and civil servant.	Karl-Edwin Manshaus	19 February 1940
date of birth	Nathalie Fauquette (born 23 March 1987) is a former French rhythmic gymnast, now a dancer.	Nathalie Fauquette	23 March 1987
date of birth	Molly Cramer (25 June 1852 -- 18 January 1936) was a German flower, landscape and portrait painter.	Molly Cramer	25 June 1852
date of birth	Duncan Busby (born 17 December 1983) in Heswall, Wirral is an English archer.	Duncan Busby	17 December 1983
date of birth	James Hamilton, 2nd Earl of Clanbrassil KG KP PC (I) (23 August 1730 -- 6 February 1798) was an Anglo-Irish peer, styled Viscount Limerick from 1756 to 1758.	James Hamilton, 2nd Earl of Clanbrassil	23 August 1730
date of birth	Rodolfo Collazo Tourn (born 26 April 1983 in Colonia del Sacramento) is an Uruguayan competition rower.	Rodolfo Collazo	26 April 1983
date of birth	Olivera Katarina (Serbian: Оливера Катарина; née Petrović (Петровић); born 5 March 1940), also previously known as Olivera Vučo (Оливера Вучо) and Olivera Šakić (Оливера Шакић), is a Serbian actress, singer and writer.	Olivera Katarina	5 March 1940
date of birth	Adv. Tshililo Michael Masutha (born 1965) is South Africa's Minister of Justice and Correctional Services.	Michael Masutha	1965
date of birth	Mosh Kashi (born in 1966 in Jerusalem) is an Israeli painter and artist.	Mosh Kashi	1966
date of birth	Simon Gleeson (born 13 January 1977) is an Australian actor who is currently playing Jean Valjean in the Australian production of Les Miserables.	Simon Gleeson	13 January 1977
date of birth	Kashinath Naik (born 12 May 1983) is an Indian professional javelin thrower.	Kashinath Naik	12 May 1983
date of birth	Adam Avil (born 30 June 1970) is an Indian rock artist and the lead guitarist, founder, songwriter and lead vocalist of the Indian rock band Pralay.	Adam Avil	30 June 1970
date of birth	Adrian Harris (born Adrian Michael Harris, 4 April 1970) is an English actor, playwright and director.	Adrian Harris	4 April 1970
date of birth	Rev. John Woodbridge VI, born 1613 at Stanton, England, died 17 March 1694/1695; married Mercy Dudley, daughter of Governor Thomas Dudley and sister of Anne Bradstreet, on May 20, 1639, probably in Newbury, Massachusetts.	John Woodbridge V	1613
date of birth	Nancy Mowll Mathews (born 1947 in Baltimore) is a Czech-American art historian, curator, and author.	Nancy Mowll Mathews	1947
date of birth	Aghoracharya Baba Keenaram was born on Aghor Chaturdashi (Bhadrapad) in 1601 A.D at Ramgarh village of Varanasi district (now Chandauli) of Uttar Pradesh state of India.	Baba Keenaram	1601
date of birth	Rachelle Thiewes (born 1952) is an American jeweler and metal artist based in El Paso, Texas.	Rachelle Thiewes	1952
date of birth	Charles Joseph Sainte-Claire Deville (26 February 1814 -- 10 October 1876) was a geologist and meteorologist.	Charles Joseph Sainte-Claire Deville	26 February 1814
date of birth	Venkoji Bhonsle (Marathi: व्यंकोजी/एकोजी १) (born 1629) or Ekoji I Bhonsle was the younger half-brother of Shivaji and founder of Maratha rule in Thanjavur.	Ekoji I	1629
date of birth	Brendan Moon (born 10 October 1958) is a former Australian Rugby Union winger who played for the Queensland Reds in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Brendan Moon	10 October 1958
date of birth	Dejan Popović (born 1950 in Belgrade) is a professor of law and was the vice-chancellor of Belgrade University between 2004 and 2006.	Dejan Popović	1950
date of birth	Daniel Wa Wai How (Chinese: 胡伟豪); born 25 July 1988 is the assistant to former Member of Parliament for Kampar Datuk Lee Chee Leong.	Daniel Wa Wai How	25 July 1988
date of birth	Non Stanford (born 8 January 1989) is a Welsh professional triathlete and the 2013 ITU Triathlon World Champion.	Non Stanford	8 January 1989
date of birth	Heli Speek (born Häili Speek, 1948) is an Estonian documentary filmmaker.	Heli Speek	1948
date of birth	Rodney Brazier MVO (born 1946) is a professor of constitutional law at the University of Manchester and a Barrister and an Emeritus Bencher of Lincoln's Inn.	Rodney Brazier	1946
date of birth	Michel Béroff (born 9 May 1950) is a French pianist and conductor of Bulgarian origin.	Michel Béroff	9 May 1950
date of birth	Gilbert James French (1804--1866), was a textile manufacturer and the biographer of Samuel Crompton.	Gilbert James French	1804
date of birth	Julio César Yegros Torres (born 31 January 1971) is a former Paraguayan footballer that played as a striker.	Julio César Yegros	31 January 1971
date of birth	Benny Haag born May 8, 1961, is a Swedish actor and current party leader of Spritpartiet (Liquor Party) who will run in the Swedish general election, 2010 on September 19.	Benny Haag	1961
date of birth	James Milton Turner (1840-1915) was a post Civil War political leader, activist, educator, and diplomat.	James Milton Turner	1840
date of birth	Michael Loceff (born 1952) was a writer and co-executive producer of the hit television series 24, which aired on the Fox television network.	Michael Loceff	1952
date of birth	Pierluigi Conforti (born 15 June 1946) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Pierluigi Conforti	15 June 1946
date of birth	Brijendra Singh Rathore (Born 1958) is a former Member of the Legislative Assembly of India between 1993-2008.	Brijendra Singh Rathore	1958
date of birth	Yu Ruqin (Chinese: 俞汝勤; pinyin: Yú Rǔqín; born 21 November 1935) is a Chinese educator and chemist.	Yu Ruqin	21 November 1935
date of birth	Willy Sachs (23 July 1896 -- 19 November 1958) was a German industrialist and served the Third Reich as Obersturmbannführer and Wehrwirtschaftsführer.	Willy Sachs	23 July 1896
date of birth	V. Kavi Chelvan (born 2 July 1989) is a Malaysian footballer.	V. Kavi Chelvan	2 July 1989
date of birth	Gabriel Epstein (born 25 October 1918 in Duisburg, Germany) is a British architect and urban planner, particularly noted for his master plan of the University of Lancaster, as well as several other major development plans and social housing plans.	Gabriel Epstein	25 October 1918
date of birth	Milanka Opačić (pronounced (mǐlaːŋka ǒpatʃitɕ); born 17 April 1968) is a Croatian politician who served as a Minister of Social Welfare and Youth at centre-left Cabinet of Zoran Milanović from 2011 to 2016.	Milanka Opačić	17 April 1968
date of birth	Philip Nel (born 1969) is an American scholar of children's literature and University Distinguished Professor of English at Kansas State University.	Philip Nel	1969
date of birth	Wang Jianping (Chinese: 王建平; born December 1953) is a general of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China.	Wang Jianping	December 1953
date of birth	Kira Hall (born 10 October 1962), is associate professor of Linguistics and Anthropology, as well as director for the Program in Culture, Language, and Social Practice (CLASP), at the University of Colorado at Boulder.	Kira Hall	10 October 1962
date of birth	Ivaylo Rusenov (Cyrillic: Ивайло Русенов) (born 9 September 1979) is a retired Bulgarian triple jumper.	Ivaylo Rusenov	9 September 1979
date of birth	David Nekrutman (Hebrew: דוד נקרוטמן; born 28 November 1973) is an American-Israeli writer, director, columnist, public speaker, and Pro-Israel activist.	David Nekrutman	28 November 1973
date of birth	Georgette Tsinguirides (born 27 February 1928) is a ballet dancer, ballet mistress and choreologist.	Georgette Tsinguirides	27 February 1928
date of birth	Ali Moore (born in 1965) is an Australian TV journalist and radio broadcaster.	Ali Moore	1965
date of birth	William Cavendish, 5th Duke of Devonshire, KG (14 December 1748 -- 29 July 1811), was a British aristocrat and politician.	William Cavendish, 5th Duke of Devonshire	14 December 1748
date of birth	Godfrey Quigley (4 May 1923 -- 7 September 1994) was an Irish film, television and stage actor.	Godfrey Quigley	4 May 1923
date of birth	Sophie Mechaly, previously known as Sophie Albou (born in 1967) is a Paris-born designer best known as the founder of the Paul & Joe clothing line.	Sophie Mechaly	1967
date of birth	Hafizullah Qadami (Persian: حافظ الله قدمی‎) (born 20 February 1985) is an Afghan football player.	Hafizullah Qadami	20 February 1985
date of birth	Barna Putics (born 18 August 1984) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for French top division team Tremblay-en-France Handball.	Barna Putics	18 August 1984
date of birth	Benjamin Buck Greene (1808-3 April 1902) was a Governor of the Bank of England.	Benjamin Buck Greene	1808
date of birth	Morgan Featherstone (born 20 October 1994) is a former fashion model based in Melbourne.	Morgan Featherstone	20 October 1994
date of birth	Christian Langaard (5 August 1849 -- 31 August 1922) was a Norwegian industrialist and art collector.	Christian Langaard	5 August 1849
date of birth	David Mervyn Blow FRS (27 June 1931 -- 8 June 2004) was an influential British biophysicist.	David Mervyn Blow	27 June 1931
date of birth	Karin Elisabeth Svantesson (born Lundin 26 October 1967) is a Swedish politician who was Minister for Employment from 2013 to 2014.	Elisabeth Svantesson	26 October 1967
date of birth	Andy Couturier (born 1964) is the American author of two books, Writing Open the Mind:	Andy Couturier	1964
date of birth	Bobby Lawrie (born 14 November 1947) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Partick Thistle and Stranraer in the Scottish Football League in the 1960s and 1970s.	Bobby Lawrie	14 November 1947
date of birth	Stuart Markland (born 12 February 1948) was a Scottish footballer who played for Dundee United.	Stuart Markland	12 February 1948
date of birth	Omar Kureishi (1928 -- 14 March 2005) was a distinguished Pakistani writer.	Omar Kureishi	1928
date of birth	Charlotte Francis (b 1910) was an English actress best known for playing the lead role in The Silence of Dean Maitland (1934) in which she appeared opposite her husband John Longden.	Charlotte Francis	1910
date of birth	Rich Kilgour (born January 14, 1969) is a retired professional lacrosse player and current assistant coach for the Buffalo Bandits of the National Lacrosse League.	Rich Kilgour	1969
date of birth	Mohammad Afzal Khan (1811 -- October 7, 1867; Pashto: محمد افضل خان‎) was the Emir of Afghanistan from 1865 to 1867.	Mohammad Afzal Khan	1811
date of birth	Tom Morrissey (born July 1956) is a former Irish politician and member of Seanad Éireann and businessman.	Tom Morrissey	July 1956
date of birth	Bob Leatherbarrow (born 3 May 1955) is a jazz drummer and vibraphonist who lives and works in Los Angeles.	Bob Leatherbarrow	3 May 1955
date of birth	Anuja Chauhan (Hindi: अनुजा चौहान; born 1970) is an Indian author and advertiser, often described as 'the best writer of the Indian commercial fiction genre.	Anuja Chauhan	1970
date of birth	Erika Lopez (born 1968) is an American cartoonist, novelist, and performance artist of Puerto Rican descent who has published six books and speaks openly of her bisexuality.	Erika Lopez	1968
date of birth	Katy Butler (born 1949) is an American journalist, essayist and author of Knocking on Heaven's Door, the Path to a Better Way of Death, (Scribner, 2013).	Katy Butler	1949
date of birth	Gregory Buchakjian (born 1971, in Beirut, Lebanon) is a Lebanese photographer, filmmaker and art historian.	Gregory Buchakjian	1971
date of birth	Nick Franglen (born 1965 in Westminster, London) is a British musician, record producer and installation artist.	Nick Franglen	1965
date of birth	Vadim Gluzman (Вадим Михайлович Глузман, born 1973) is a Ukrainian-born Israeli classical violinist.	Vadim Gluzman	1973
date of birth	Diana Janošťáková (born 29 September 1984) is a former ice dancer.	Diana Janošťáková	29 September 1984
date of birth	Orianthi Panagaris (born 22 January 1985), known professionally as Orianthi, is an Australian singer-songwriter and guitarist.	Orianthi	22 January 1985
date of birth	Kathleen Jones (born 1946) is an English poet and biographer.	Kathleen Jones	1946
date of birth	Mounir Fakhry Abdel Nour (Arabic: منير فخري عبد النور‎, born 21 August 1945) is an Egyptian businessman and politician.	Mounir Fakhry Abdel Nour	21 August 1945
date of birth	Michael Lounsbury (born 1966) is an American organizational theorist, Associate Dean of Research, Thornton A. Graham Chair and Professor of strategic management, organizations and sociology at the University of Alberta, and expert in innovation and institutions.	Michael Lounsbury	1966
date of birth	Hester Dowden (1868--1949), or Hester Travers Smith, was an Irish spiritualist medium who is most notable for having claimed to contact the spirits of Oscar Wilde, William Shakespeare and other writers.	Hester Dowden	1868
date of birth	Jordi Fabregat Valmaña (born 4 December 1961) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a Defender, and a current manager.	Jordi Fabregat	4 December 1961
date of birth	Fred Wooller (born 21 October 1938) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL.	Fred Wooller	21 October 1938
date of birth	Patrick Wolrige-Gordon (10 August 1935 -- 22 May 2002), also spelt Wolridge-Gordon, was a Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party politician.	Patrick Wolrige-Gordon	10 August 1935
date of birth	Graham Clifford Goodwin (born 20 April 1945 Broken Hill, New South Wales) is an Australian electrical engineer.	Graham Clifford Goodwin	20 April 1945
date of birth	Stelvio Rosi (born 1 August 1938), also known as Stan Cooper, is an Italian former film actor.	Stelvio Rosi	1 August 1938
date of birth	Ali Haider Noor Khan Niazi (Punjabi, Urdu: علی حیدر نور خان نیازی‎)(born 15 December 1978), is a Pakistani politician.	Ali Haider Noor Khan Niazi	15 December 1978
date of birth	Luis Pedro da Silva Ferreira (born 6 January 1992 in Malanje, Angola) is an Angolan football player who plays as a centre back for NAC Breda.	Luis Pedro da Silva Ferreira	6 January 1992
date of birth	Na Seok-ju (Korean: 나석주, also romanized as Na Sok-Chu) (1892-1926) was a Korean nationalist made famous for his attack on the Oriental Development Company, an organization set up by Imperial Japan as part of its imperial expansion and development of its colonies.	Na Seok-ju	1892
date of birth	Manuel Monteiro de Castro (born 29 March 1938) is a Portuguese cardinal, He was the Major Penitentiary of the Apostolic Penitentiary from 5 January 2012 until his retirement on 21 September 2013.	Manuel Monteiro de Castro	29 March 1938
date of birth	Leila J. Rupp (born 1950) is a historian, feminist, and professor of Feminist Studies at the University of California, Santa Barbara.	Leila J. Rupp	1950
date of birth	Fernando Reinares (Logroño, 1960) is a specialist in terrorism, especially the process of radicalization.	Fernando Reinares	1960
date of birth	Kevin Pollard (born 1958 in Roddickton, Newfoundland and Labrador) is a Canadian politician.	Kevin Pollard	1958
date of birth	Dianne de Las Casas (born January 15, 1970 in the Philippines) is an award-winning author and storyteller who tours internationally.	Dianne de Las Casas	1970
date of birth	Elemér Gergátz (born 6 May 1942) is a Hungarian vet and former politician, who served as Minister of Agriculture between 1991 and 1993.	Elemér Gergátz	6 May 1942
date of birth	Reidar Sørensen (born 11 April 1956) is a Norwegian stage actor and film actor.	Reidar Sørensen	11 April 1956
date of birth	Douglas Webb DFM, (12 September 1922 - 8 December 1996) was a British photographer who worked in the film and television industries.	Douglas Webb	12 September 1922
date of birth	David Poore (born 2 December 1966) is a British independent musician, who has composed and produced music for over 200 films by the BBC, ITV, Channel 4, Disney, PBS, National Geographic, RTÉ and other broadcasters.	David Poore	2 December 1966
date of birth	Patrick Delamontagne (born 18 June 1957 in La Bouéxière, Ille-et-Vilaine) is a former French footballer, regarded as one of the greatest players to have played for Stade Rennais, as well as one of the greatest ever Breton players.	Patrick Delamontagne	18 June 1957
date of birth	Klaus Zink (born 20 January 1936 in Plauen) is a former German footballer who scored 5 goals in 1958-59 European Cup.	Klaus Zink	20 January 1936
date of birth	Clifford Thurlow (born 1952, in London, England) trained as a journalist after failing to get a place at Cambridge and wrote his first book at the age of 23.	Clifford Thurlow	1952
date of birth	Siv Stubsveen (born 7 October 1968) is a Norwegian media personality.	Siv Stubsveen	7 October 1968
date of birth	Nils von Rosenstein (Uppsala 1 December 1752--Klara parish, Stockholm, 7 August 1824) was a Swedish civil servant and propagator for enlightenment thinking.	Nils von Rosenstein	1 December 1752
date of birth	Anna Ponomaryova (Russian: Анна Пономарёва; born 1920) was a Soviet fencer.	Anna Ponomaryova	1920
date of birth	Tommy Gustafsson (born 2 July 1948), known as Tommy ``Gyxa'' Gustafsson is a former Swedish football forward.	Tommy Gustafsson	2 July 1948
date of birth	Grand Prince Yangnyeong (Hangul: 양녕대군, Hanja: 讓寧大君, 1394--1462) was a Joseon Dynasty politician and prince.	Prince Yangnyeong	1394
date of birth	Ernest Ranglin OD (born 19 June 1932) is a Jamaican guitarist and composer who established his career while working as a session guitarist and music director for various Jamaican record labels including Studio One and Island Records.	Ernest Ranglin	19 June 1932
date of birth	Victor Rathnayake (Sinhala:වික්ටර් රත්නායක; born 18 February 1942) is a popular Sri Lankan musician.	Victor Rathnayake	18 February 1942
date of birth	Gábor Görgey (born as Artúr Görgey on 22 November 1929) is a Hungarian writer, poet, director and politician, who served as Minister of Culture between 2002 and 2003.	Gábor Görgey	22 November 1929
date of birth	Francesca DiMattio (born 1981) is an American artist born and based in New York City.	Francesca DiMattio	1981
date of birth	Bartholomew James Stubbs (1872--1917) was the first sitting member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly to be killed in action while on military service for his country.	Bartholomew James Stubbs	1872
date of birth	Hans Rausing, KBE (born 25 March 1926) is a Swedish businessman based in the United Kingdom.	Hans Rausing	25 March 1926
date of birth	Darragh Hurley (8 October 1985 in Kinsale, County Cork, Ireland) is a retired Irish rugby union player, who played for Irish provincial side Munster in the Pro 12 and Heineken Cup.	Darragh Hurley	8 October 1985
date of birth	Bruno da Silva Peres (born 1 March 1990) known as Bruno Peres, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a right-back or winger for Torino.	Bruno Peres	1 March 1990
date of birth	David Metzenthen is an Australian writer for children and young adults who was born in Melbourne, Victoria in 1958.	David Metzenthen	1958
date of birth	Uroš Bundalo (born 29 April 1989) is a professional handball player who plays for Tremblay-en-France.	Uroš Bundalo	29 April 1989
date of birth	Baba Ndaw Seck (born 25 December 1995) is a Senegalese professional footballer who last played for Brescia as a striker.	Baba Ndaw Seck	25 December 1995
date of birth	Zoran Tošić (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Тошић; born 28 April 1987) is a Serbian footballer who plays for CSKA Moscow and the Serbian national team, primarily as a left winger.	Zoran Tošić	28 April 1987
date of birth	Andrew Knowlton (born c. 1976 in Gainesville, Florida) is the Restaurant Editor at Bon Appétit magazine, where he began working in 2000.	Andrew Knowlton	1976
date of birth	Garry Stewart (born 1962) has been the artistic director of the Australian Dance Theatre since 1999, following Meryl Tankard.	Garry Stewart	1962
date of birth	Lieutenant-General Charles Kayonga (born 1962) is the Rwandan Ambassador to China.	Charles Kayonga	1962
date of birth	Noel Leung Siu-bing (born 29 December 1969 in Macau) is a Hong Kong actress known for her roles in TVB television.	Noel Leung	29 December 1969
date of birth	Otto Garlepp (20 August 1864, Cörmigk -- 25 November 1959, Köthen), was a German naturalist and with his brother Gustav Garlepp (1862--1907) a professional collector.	Otto Garlepp	20 August 1864
date of birth	Nazira Zain al-Din (Zain al-Din also translated to Zeineddine, Zain also written Zayn), a Druze Lebanese scholar born in 1908,.	Nazira Zain al-Din	1908
date of birth	Eoin Griffin (Irish name: Eoghan Ó Griofa ; born 18 September 1990) is a professional rugby union player from Ireland.	Eoin Griffin	18 September 1990
date of birth	Nirmala Patwardhan (1928--2007) was an eminent ceramic artist from India.	Nirmala Patwardhan	1928
date of birth	Elisabeth Owens (15 May 1919 -- 15 November 1998) was a legal scholar.	Elisabeth Owens	15 May 1919
date of birth	Lieutenant-Commander Frederick Wolfe Astbury (21 April 1872 -- 28 December 1954) was a British businessman and Conservative politician.	Frederick Wolfe Astbury	21 April 1872
date of birth	Charles-Félix Cazeau (24 December 1807 -- 26 February 1881) was a French Canadian priest and administrator of the Archdiocese of Quebec who was prominently involved in the relief of victims from the Great Irish Famine (1845-1849).	Charles-Félix Cazeau	24 December 1807
date of birth	Rob Curley (born January 10, 1971) is the former President and Executive Editor of Greenspun Interactive, the new-media division of the Las Vegas Sun and Greenspun Media Group.	Rob Curley	1971
date of birth	Karim Bencherifa (born 15 February 1968) is a former Moroccan football player and currently head coach.	Karim Bencherifa	15 February 1968
date of birth	Ostad Sa'id Hormozi (1897--1976) was born in one of the old neighborhoods of Tehran called Sangalaj.	Sa'id Hormozi	1897
date of birth	Ian Blease (born 1 January 1965) is an English former rugby league footballer who played as a prop or second-row forward for Salford and Swinton.	Ian Blease	1 January 1965
date of birth	Jacques Foix (born 26 November 1930) is a former French footballer who played striker.	Jacques Foix	26 November 1930
date of birth	Yakubu Adamu (born 4 October 1981) is a former Nigerian football player who last played for FSV Zwickau.	Yakubu Adamu	4 October 1981
date of birth	Roberto Menichelli (born 14 January 1963), is an Italian retired futsal player and current coach of the Italian national futsal team.	Roberto Menichelli	14 January 1963
date of birth	Peter Tomka (born 1 June 1956), is a judge of the International Court of Justice.	Peter Tomka	1 June 1956
date of birth	Berrin Keklikler; (born 1994) is a Turkish German beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Turkey 2013 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2013 pageant.	Berrin Keklikler	1994
date of birth	Navalpreet Rangi was born on 23 October 1983 to Darshan Singh Rangi (surname) and Baldev Kaur Rangi (surname) in Dhuri, Punjab and was brought up in Chommo, Punjab, India.	Navalpreet Rangi	1983
date of birth	Carl Olof Trygg, woodcarver, (1910--1993) was one of the recognized masters of 20th century woodcarving, most famous for Scandinavian flat-plane style of woodcarving.	Carl Olof Trygg	1910
date of birth	Shyama Charan Gupta (born 9 February 1945) is an Indian politician, entrepreneur, and sitting Member of Parliament representing Allahabad (Lok Sabha constituency) in the North Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Shyama Charan Gupta	9 February 1945
date of birth	Rens van Eijden (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈrɛns vɑn ˈɛidə(n)); born 3 March 1988) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a centre back for Eredivisie club NEC	Rens van Eijden	3 March 1988
date of birth	Josh Mitchell (born 8 June 1984) is an Australian football (soccer) player who last played for Liaoning Whowin in the Chinese Super League.	Josh Mitchell	8 June 1984
date of birth	Charles Sumner Schneider (1874 -- March 10, 1932) was an American architect active in Ohio.	Charles Sumner Schneider	1874
date of birth	Cristie Schoen (also known as Cristie Schoen Codd or Cristie Codd; 1976--March 12, 2015) was a Spanish-born chef.	Cristie Schoen	1976
date of birth	George Warde Norman (20 September 1793 -- 4 September 1882) was an English cricketer with amateur status who was active from 1827 to 1838.	George Warde Norman	20 September 1793
date of birth	Matthew Cheung Kin-chung, GBS, JP (traditional Chinese: 張建宗; simplified Chinese: 张建宗; pinyin: Zhāng Jiànzōng; born 1951 in Hong Kong) is the Secretary for Labour and Welfare in the Hong Kong Government.	Matthew Cheung	1951
date of birth	Lambert of Ardres (c. 1160 -- after 1203) was a French twelfth century chronicler.	Lambert of Ardres	1160
date of birth	Joe Dallas (born 1954) is a prominent figure in the ex-gay movement and an advocate of reparative therapy from a Christian perspective.	Joe Dallas	1954
date of birth	Dejan Marković (Serbian Cyrillic: Дејан Марковић; born 26 May 1973) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a right midfielder, and a current manager.	Dejan Marković	26 May 1973
date of birth	Xatar (born Giwar Hajabi, on 24 December 1981 in Kūh-e Qalā``, Iran) is a German rapper of Kurdish origin, though he is currently settled in Bonn. His stage name ``Xatar'' is taken from the Kurdish language and Persian language and means danger.	Xatar	24 December 1981
date of birth	Otis Gatewood (1911--1999) was a well-known preacher and missionary in Churches of Christ.	Otis Gatewood	1911
date of birth	Gillian Guess (born 1955) is a Vancouver woman who was convicted of obstruction of justice after becoming romantically involved with a murder defendant while she was a juror in his trial.	Gillian Guess	1955
date of birth	Afshin Ghaffarian (Persian: افشین غفاریان‎‎, Persian pronunciation: (æfʃiːn-e ɢæˈffɒːɾiːɒːn); born 1986 in Mashhad) is an Iranian Choreographer, Director, Dancer, Actor anyway Reformancer.	Afshin Ghaffarian	1986
date of birth	Fernando Silva Santisteban (1929--2006) was a Peruvian historian, anthropologist and professor.	Fernando Silva Santisteban	1929
date of birth	Theresa Michalak (born 7 May 1992) is a German competitive swimmer and former European champion.	Theresa Michalak	7 May 1992
date of birth	Danijel Subotić (born 31 January 1989) is a Swiss footballer of Bosnian descent who recently played for Sheriff Tiraspol in Moldova as a forward.	Danijel Subotić	31 January 1989
date of birth	Seokhyo Jang (born 27 October 1957) is President & CEO of the Korea Gas Corporation (KOGAS) and Chairman of the Korea Gas Union (KGU).	Seokhyo Jang	27 October 1957
date of birth	Dragan Čadikovski (Macedonian: Драган Чадиковски; born 13 January 1982) is a Macedonian professional footballer who plays for Velež Mostar.	Dragan Čadikovski	13 January 1982
date of birth	Tom Principato (born 1952) is an American electric blues and blues rock singer, guitarist, and songwriter.	Tom Principato	1952
date of birth	Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Durie Osborn (1835--1889) was a British army officer.	Robert Durie Osborn	1835
date of birth	Zsuzsa Kovács (born 13 November 1945) is a retired Hungarian swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships.	Zsuzsa Kovács	13 November 1945
date of birth	Soren Monkongtong (born 31 May 1980) is an Australian middleweight kickboxer.	Soren Monkongtong	31 May 1980
date of birth	Pat Warren (born 1936) is an American author of contemporary romance novels under her own name and the pseudonym Patricia Cox.	Pat Warren	1936
date of birth	Spen Whittaker (born Accrington in 1871) known as ``Spen'', was the manager of Burnley from 1903 to 1910.	Spen Whittaker	1871
date of birth	Sheila Chandra (born 14 March 1965) is a retired British pop singer of Indian descent.	Sheila Chandra	14 March 1965
date of birth	Nikola Stamenić (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Стаменић; born 17 April 1949), also known as ``The General'', is a Serbian water polo coach widely considered as one of the greatest coaches in water polo history.	Nikola Stamenić	17 April 1949
date of birth	Alexis Rockman (born 1962) is an American contemporary artist known for his paintings that provide rich depictions of future landscapes as they might exist with impacts of climate change and evolution influenced by genetic engineering.	Alexis Rockman	1962
date of birth	Edmund Smith Conklin (19 April 1884 -- 6 October 1942) was an American author and psychologist.	Edmund Smith Conklin	19 April 1884
date of birth	Bruno Nuytten (born 28 August 1945) is a French cinematographer turned director.	Bruno Nuytten	28 August 1945
date of birth	Bruce Ingersoll (1941 -- December 1, 2001) was an award-winning journalist who wrote for the Chicago Sun-Times and Wall Street Journal.	Bruce Ingersoll	1941
date of birth	Johnny Armour ( 26 October 1968 ) born in Chatham, Kent is an English amateur flyweight and professional super fly/bantam/super bantam/featherweight boxer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Johnny Armour	26 October 1968
date of birth	Guedes Lupapa (born 10 September 1992) is Angolan international footballer who plays as a striker.	Guedes Lupapa	10 September 1992
date of birth	William C. Bradford (born c. 1964) is an American lawyer and scholar of political science.	William C. Bradford	1964
date of birth	Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) is an American-born historian of European intellectual history, best known for his work in intellectual history and trauma studies.	Dominick LaCapra	1939
date of birth	Sunday Uti (born 23 October 1962) is a former Nigerian sprinter who won an Olympic bronze medal in 4 x 400 metres relay in Los Angeles 1984.	Sunday Uti	23 October 1962
date of birth	Neta Dobrin (Hebrew: נטע דוברין‎, born 27 October 1975) is a former Israeli politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party between February and April 2006.	Neta Dobrin	27 October 1975
date of birth	Anatoly Kondratenko (Russian: Анатолий Кондратенко, Ukrainian: Анатолій Кіндратенко; 6 December 1935, Leningrad, Soviet Union) is a Professor of Physics at University of Kharkiv.	Anatoly Kondratenko	6 December 1935
date of birth	Ashlee Weir (née Mann) (born 29 April 1988) is an Australian netball player in the ANZ Championship, playing for the New South Wales Swifts.	Ashlee Weir	29 April 1988
date of birth	Giampiero Fossati (born 13 April 1944) is a retired Italian butterfly swimmer.	Giampiero Fossati	13 April 1944
date of birth	James Joseph Patterson (1923--1992) was an American newspaper executive who was part of an influential publishing family.	James Joseph Patterson	1923
date of birth	Freddie Frinton, born Frederick Bittiner Coo, (17 January 1909 -- 16 October 1968) was an English comedian who remains a household name in Germany and Scandinavia because of his performance in Dinner for One.	Freddie Frinton	17 January 1909
date of birth	Michael Paton (born 25 March 1989) is a Scottish professional footballer who is currently playing for Scottish League One side Dunfermline Athletic.	Michael Paton	25 March 1989
date of birth	Dale L. Walker (born 1935), an award-winning American writer, was born in Decatur, Illinois, but has spent most of his life in El Paso, Texas.	Dale L. Walker	1935
date of birth	Kirsten Lockenwitz (born 2 May 1932) is a Danish artist and sculptor.	Kirsten Lockenwitz	2 May 1932
date of birth	Mr. Justice Khawaja Muhammad Sharif born on 9 December 1948 in Lahore.	Khawaja Muhammad Sharif	9 December 1948
date of birth	Ian Barclay was (born on 2 December 1938) is a Melbourne-based tennis coach.	Ian Barclay	2 December 1938
date of birth	Strijdom van der Merwe (born 1961) is a South African land artist who uses materials he finds on site to create his artworks.	Strijdom van der Merwe	1961
date of birth	Arthur Cheney Train (6 September 1875 -- 22 December 1945), also called Arthur Chesney Train, was an American lawyer and legal thriller writer, particularly known for his novels of courtroom intrigue and the creation of the fictional lawyer Mr Ephraim Tutt.	Arthur Cheney Train	6 September 1875
date of birth	Utagawa Kunisada III (歌川国貞) (1848--1920) was an ukiyo-e printmaker of the Utagawa school, specializing in yakusha-e (pictures of kabuki actors).	Utagawa Kunisada III	1848
date of birth	Joseph Herbert Tritton was born on 5 September 1844 at Olney Lodge, in Battersea, then in Surrey (now London).	Joseph Herbert Tritton	5 September 1844
date of birth	Abderrazak Boukebba (Arabic: عبد الرزاق بوكبة ) (born 1977) is an Algerian journalist, author and television presenter.	Abderrazak Boukebba	1977
date of birth	William D. Wittliff (born January 1940), sometimes credited as Bill Wittliff, is an award winning American screenwriter, author and photographer who wrote the screenplays for The Perfect Storm (2000), Barbarosa (1982), Raggedy Man (1981), and many others.	William D. Wittliff	1940
date of birth	Andris Piebalgs (born 17 September 1957) is a Latvian politician and diplomat who served as European Commissioner for Development at the European Commission from 2010 until 2014.	Andris Piebalgs	17 September 1957
date of birth	Ismet Đuherić (born 14 March 1949) was the first commander of the Meša Selimović Company (named for Yugoslav writer Meša Selimović) of the Army of the Republika Srpska (the Bosnian Serb Army).	Ismet Đuherić	14 March 1949
date of birth	Andrew Wiederhorn (born 1965) is an American businessman from Portland, Oregon.	Andrew Wiederhorn	1965
date of birth	E. Hunter Harrison (born 1944) is a railway executive who has been serving as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) since June 29, 2012.	E. Hunter Harrison	1944
date of birth	Joel Otterson (born in Inglewood, CA, 1959, United States) is an American artist who lives and works in Los Angeles, CA.	Joel Otterson	1959
date of birth	Mehdi Aliyari (Persian: مهدی علی‌یاری‎‎, born 13 March 1989) is an Iranian Greco-Roman wrestler.	Mehdi Aliyari	13 March 1989
date of birth	Urmas Alas (born 1956) is a prolific Estonian science fiction writer.	Urmas Alas	1956
date of birth	Augustus Jessopp (20 December 1823 -- 12 February 1914) was an English cleric and writer.	Augustus Jessopp	20 December 1823
date of birth	Boonreung Buachan (1969 -- March 22, 2004) was a man who held the Guinness Book of World Records title for spending the most time in a container with snakes.	Boonreung Buachan	1969
date of birth	Angelle Sampey, born Angelle Monique Sampey, August 7, 1970, New Orleans, Louisiana, is an American Pro Stock Motorcycle racer.	Angelle Sampey	1970
date of birth	BP Fallon (born 24 August 1946) is an Irish DJ, author, photographer, and musician.	BP Fallon	24 August 1946
date of birth	Buren Bayaer (born 1960) is a singer, composer and journalist in China.	Buren Bayaer	1960
date of birth	Alexandra Maria Lara (née Plătăreanu; 12 November 1978) is a Romanian-born German actress best known for her roles in Downfall (2004), Control (2007), Youth Without Youth (2007), The Reader (2008), and Rush (2013).	Alexandra Maria Lara	12 November 1978
date of birth	Dejan Lovren (pronounced (loʋrêːn); born 5 July 1989) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Premier League club Liverpool and the Croatian national team.	Dejan Lovren	5 July 1989
date of birth	Luke Beveridge (born 23 August 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne, Footscray and St Kilda in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.	Luke Beveridge	23 August 1970
date of birth	Anthony Farrell (born 17 January 1969 in Huddersfield, West Riding of Yorkshire) was an English/Welsh rugby league player.	Anthony Farrell	1969
date of birth	Camille Jones (born 28 November 1973) is a Danish pop singer, songwriter and record producer.	Camille Jones	28 November 1973
date of birth	Evan Hammond (born 1980 in Flin Flon, Manitoba) is a Canadian morning radio show host, hockey play-by-play broadcaster, and blogger.	Evan Hammond	1980
date of birth	Pablo Martínez (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpaβlo marˈtines); born 7 November 1987) is an Argentine actor and singer.	Pablo Martínez	7 November 1987
date of birth	Friedrich Wilhelm Ernst Ziesemer (8 August 1897 -- 3 October 1972) was an Australian dairy farmer, grazier and wheat farmer.	Friedrich Wilhelm Ernst Ziesemer	8 August 1897
date of birth	Albert Folens (1917-2003) was a Belgian-born publisher of educational materials in Ireland.	Albert Folens	1917
date of birth	Iancu Jianu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈjaŋku ʒiˈanu); 1787 -- December 14, 1842), also Ioniţă Jianu, was a Wallachian Romanian hajduk.	Iancu Jianu	1787
date of birth	Tom McGurk (Irish: Tomás Mac Oric) (born 20 December 1946) is an Irish poet, journalist, radio presenter and sportscaster from Brockagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.	Tom McGurk	20 December 1946
date of birth	Yuval Zellner (Hebrew: יובל צלנר‎, born 2 March 1978) is an Israeli politician.	Yuval Zellner	2 March 1978
date of birth	David McInerney (born 7 December 1992) is an Irish hurler who plays as a full-back for the Clare senior team.	David McInerney	7 December 1992
date of birth	Malcolm Mowbray (born 1949) is a British screenwriter and television and film director.	Malcolm Mowbray	1949
date of birth	Alexandra Chernitsyna (born 1982 in Kaliningrad) is a German-Russian flute and piano player.	Alexandra Chernitsyna	1982
date of birth	Javier Jose Mendoza (born 1978) is a Mexican American conductor who most recently has served as the music director of the Chicago Arts Orchestra.	Javier Jose Mendoza	1978
date of birth	Myeong-Hee Yu (born 5 September 1954) is a South Korean microbiologist.	Myeong-Hee Yu	5 September 1954
date of birth	Tamás Tűz (Hungarian pronunciation: ('Tyːz 'Tɒmaːʃ) 18 April 1916 -- 7 April 1992) was a Hungarian poet, writer, Catholic priest.	Tamás Tűz	18 April 1916
date of birth	Toby Sedgwick (born 16 August 1958) is a British movement director, actor, and theatre choreographer.	Toby Sedgwick	16 August 1958
date of birth	Skip Heitzig (born 1955) is the founder and senior pastor of Calvary of Albuquerque, a Calvary Chapel fellowship located in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Skip Heitzig	1955
date of birth	Luke O'Dwyer (born 30 January 1983) is a former professional rugby league footballer for the Gold Coast Titans of the National Rugby League.	Luke O'Dwyer	30 January 1983
date of birth	Francisco Núñez de Pineda y Bascuñán (1607--1682) was a Chilean writer and soldier.	Francisco Núñez de Pineda y Bascuñán	1607
date of birth	Nadir Nadirov (Kazakh: Нәдір Кәрімұлы Нәдіров; Russian: Надир Каримович Надиров) born 6 January 1932;	Nadir Nadirov	1932
date of birth	Stine Stengade (born 1 June 1972) is a Danish actress best known for her leading role in the 2001 Dogme 95 film Kira's Reason:	Stine Stengade	1 June 1972
date of birth	The Reverend Jonathan Scobie (1827-1926) was an American Baptist minister and missionary in Yokohama, Japan.	Jonathan Scobie	1827
date of birth	Eva Puskarčíková (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɛva ˈpuskartʃiːkovaː), born 3 January 1991) is a Czech biathlete.	Eva Puskarčíková	3 January 1991
date of birth	Simon Levack (born 1965) is a British author of historical mystery novels.	Simon Levack	1965
date of birth	Steven Gillespie (born 4 June 1985) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays for Warrington Town as a striker.	Steven Gillespie	4 June 1985
date of birth	Shi Jiuyong (simplified Chinese: 史久镛; traditional Chinese: 史久鏞; born 9 October 1926) is a former judge at the International Court of Justice (ICJ).	Shi Jiuyong	9 October 1926
date of birth	Boo Saville (born 15 January 1980 in Norwich) is a contemporary artist.	Boo Saville	15 January 1980
date of birth	Clayton Watson (born 23 March 1977) is an Australian producer, actor, writer, and director.	Clayton Watson	23 March 1977
date of birth	Harry W. Crosby (born 1926 in Seattle, Washington) is an American historian and photographer.	Harry W. Crosby	1926
date of birth	Jack Shalloo (born 10 December 1986, in Hornchurch, Essex) is an English actor who is known for his role as Lewis in Our House, Hamlet in Hamlet The Musical and Pete in Departure Lounge.	Jack Shalloo	10 December 1986
date of birth	Cyril Abiteboul (born 14 October 1977) is a French motor racing engineer and manager.	Cyril Abiteboul	14 October 1977
date of birth	Katja Haller (born 12 January, 1981) is an Italian professional biathlete, who has been competing on the World Cup circuit since the 2001--02 season.	Katja Haller	12 January, 1981
date of birth	Philip Tartaglia (born 11 January 1951) is the Archbishop and Metropolitan of Glasgow and the 40th successor of Saint Mungo.	Philip Tartaglia	11 January 1951
date of birth	Tzufit Grant (also spelled Tzofit; Hebrew: צופית גרנט‎, born 13 November 1964) is an Israeli actress and former host of the television show Milkshake.	Tzufit Grant	13 November 1964
date of birth	James So'oialo (born 2 March 1989) was a Samoan rugby union footballer.	James So'oialo	2 March 1989
date of birth	Tim Beverley (born 1956) is former NASCAR team owner.	Tim Beverley	1956
date of birth	Fehim Zavalani (1859-1935) was an Albanian journalist and activist of the Albanian National Awakening.	Fehim Zavalani	1859
date of birth	Saleh Morsi (Arabic: صالح مرسي‎), born in Kafr El-Zayat in 1929, was a popular Egyptian screenwriter and novelist best known for his espionage thrillers.	Saleh Morsi	1929
date of birth	Arthur Harry Church FRS (28 March 1865 -- 24 April 1937) was a British botanist and botanical illustrator.	Arthur Harry Church	28 March 1865
date of birth	Jean-Paul Cluzel (born 29 January 1947) is a French government official and politician.	Jean-Paul Cluzel	29 January 1947
date of birth	François Weyergans (born 2 August 1941) is a Belgian writer and director.	François Weyergans	2 August 1941
date of birth	Arthur Preuss (1871--1934) was a German American journalist, editor and writer.	Arthur Preuss	1871
date of birth	Royden Lam (Chinese:林鼎智; born 8 September 1975) is a darts player from Hong Kong.	Royden Lam	8 September 1975
date of birth	Kaila McKnight (born 5 May 1986) is an Australian athletics competitor.	Kaila McKnight	5 May 1986
date of birth	Martin Jenkin (born 1 March 1975) was an English cricketer who was born in Redruth, and was a left-handed batsman who played for Cornwall.	Martin Jenkin	1 March 1975
date of birth	Abbas Arnaout (Arabic: عباس أرناؤوط‎) (born 23 October 1944) is a Jordanian director and writer, most known recently for being the founder and festival director of the Aljazeera International Documentary Film Festival, as well as his documentary film making career.	Abbas Arnaout	23 October 1944
date of birth	George Gatis (born 25 March 1978 in Townsville, Queensland, Australia) was a professional rugby league player who played in the National Rugby League and Super League competitions.	George Gatis	25 March 1978
date of birth	Carl Gotthelf Gerlach (31 December 1704 -- 9 July 1761) was a German organist, who took over the Leipzig Collegium Musicum from Johann Sebastian Bach between 1737 and 1739.	Carl Gotthelf Gerlach	31 December 1704
date of birth	Wonjong of Goryeo (5 April 1219 -- 23 July 1274) (r. 1260--1274) was the 24th ruler of the Goryeo dynasty of Korea.	Wonjong of Goryeo	5 April 1219
date of birth	Hewasandatchige Asiri Prasanna Wishvanath Jayawardene (Sinhala: හේවාසන්දච්චිගේ ආසිරි ප්‍රසන්න විශ්වනාත් ජයවර්ධන) (born 9 October 1979, commonly known as Prasanna Jayawardene) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.	Prasanna Jayawardene	9 October 1979
date of birth	Preston Ware Orem (1865 -- May 26, 1938) was an American composer, pianist, and writer on music.	Preston Ware Orem	1865
date of birth	Telmo Além da Silva (born 13 January 1975), known simply as Telmo, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a left back.	Telmo Além da Silva	13 January 1975
date of birth	Matt Shirvington (born 25 October 1978) is an Australian athlete and television presenter who held the Australian 100m national sprint title from 1998 to 2002.	Matt Shirvington	25 October 1978
date of birth	Emanuel Herrera (Spanish pronunciation: (emaˈnwel eˈreɾa), born 13 April 1987) is an Argentine footballer that currently plays for Ecuadorian Serie A club Emelec as a striker.	Emanuel Herrera	13 April 1987
date of birth	Raanan Rein (17 June 1960) is the Elías Sourasky Professor of Latin American and Spanish History and Vice President of Tel Aviv University.	Raanan Rein	1960
date of birth	Johnny Wakelin (born 1939 in Brighton, Sussex, England) is an English recording artist with the Pye Records label.	Johnny Wakelin	1939
date of birth	Duncan Urquhart (born 18 August 1908) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Hibernian, Aberdeen and Barrow.	Duncan Urquhart	18 August 1908
date of birth	Serhiy Dzyndzyruk (Ukrainian: Сергій Дзінзірук; born 1 March 1976) is a Ukrainian professional boxer and a former WBO super welterweight champion.	Serhiy Dzyndzyruk	1 March 1976
date of birth	DJ Zany (or just Zany; real name: Raoul van Grinsven) (born 11 May 1974 in Beek en Donk) is a disc jockey and former member of Shadowlands Terrorists, now specialising in hardstyle.	DJ Zany	11 May 1974
date of birth	Mark Radcliffe (born 29 June 1958) is an English broadcaster, musician and writer.	Mark Radcliffe	29 June 1958
date of birth	Karen C. Johnson (born 1955) is a research professor in the Departments of Preventive Medicine and Medicine in the College of Medicine at the University of Tennessee Health Science Center (UTHSC).	Karen C. Johnson	1955
date of birth	Sarimah Ahmad (born on 28 April 1942), better known as Sarimah is a Malaysian actress most famously known for her work in various black-and-white Malay films of the 1960s and 1970s including Ibu Mertuaku and Madu Tiga.	Sarimah	28 April 1942
date of birth	Yehudit Sasportas (b 1969) is an Israeli artist.	Yehudit Sasportas	1969
date of birth	James Kenan (1740--1810) was a military leader of the American Revolutionary War, and an early senator of the state of North Carolina.	James Kenan	1740
date of birth	Li Dashuang (simplified Chinese: 李大双; traditional Chinese: 李大雙; pinyin: Lǐ Dàshuāng; born 1 November 1973 in Xiantao, Hubei) is a Chinese artistic gymnast and twin of Li Xiaoshuang.	Li Dashuang	1 November 1973
date of birth	Mikhail Vdovin (born 15 January 1967) is a retired Russian 400 metres runner.	Mikhail Vdovin	15 January 1967
date of birth	Amy Richards (born ca. 1971) is an American activist, writer, organizer, feminist and art historian.	Amy Richards	1971
date of birth	Stefan Effenberg (German pronunciation: (ˈʃtɛfan ˈɛfəmbɛɐ̯k); born 2 August 1968) is a retired German footballer and current manager of SC Paderborn.	Stefan Effenberg	2 August 1968
date of birth	Gaius Appuleius Diocles was an ancient Hispano-Roman, a Lusitanian of the 2nd century AD, born in Emerita Augusta, 104 AD (now Mérida, Spain), died in Praeneste, (present Palestrina, Italy) notable for racing chariots.	Gaius Appuleius Diocles	104
date of birth	Syed Mumtaz Alam Gillani (also spelled Gilani and Geelani) (born 20 January 1940) is a Pakistani lawyer and former federal minister of Human Rights, a new portfolio, the Ministry of Human Rights which was carved out of the ministry of law and justice.	Syed Mumtaz Alam Gillani	20 January 1940
date of birth	Arve Moen Bergset (born 13 March 1972) is a Norwegian folk singer, hardanger fiddler, and classical violinist.	Arve Moen Bergset	13 March 1972
date of birth	Pierre Scheuer (9 November 1872, Schaerbeek -- 6 February 1957, Louvain) was a Belgian Jesuit priest, metaphysician and mystic.	Pierre Scheuer	9 November 1872
date of birth	Sir Mark Ivan Rogers KCMG (born 1960) is a senior British civil servant who commenced his role as Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom to the European Union on the 4 November 2013.	Ivan Rogers	1960
date of birth	James Mendeika (born 16 December 1991) is an English rugby league footballer of Irish descent who plays as a centre or fullback for the Championship side Bradford Bulls.	James Mendeika	16 December 1991
date of birth	Ioan Teodor Callimachi (1690--1780) was Prince of Moldavia from 1758 to 1761.	Ioan Teodor Callimachi	1690
date of birth	Cristoforo Coriolano ((kriˈstɔːforo korjoˈlaːno)) (born 1540) was a German engraver of the Renaissance.	Cristoforo Coriolano	1540
date of birth	Katharine Gordon (born 1916) was a British writer of eight romance novels from 1978 to 2001.	Katharine Gordon	1916
date of birth	Jean-Marc Robitaille (born 11 September 1955 in Lévis, Quebec) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1988 to 1993 and is currently mayor of Terrebonne, Quebec.	Jean-Marc Robitaille	11 September 1955
date of birth	Nahum Levin (Hebrew: נחום לוין‎, born 8 June 1905, died 8 June 1967) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Herut and Gahal from 1955 until 1965.	Nahum Levin	8 June 1905
date of birth	Konrad Bartelski (born 27 May 1954) is a former British alpine ski racer who produced the best result by a Briton on the Alpine Skiing World Cup circuit in 1981 by coming within 0.11 seconds of winning a World Cup downhill race at Val Gardena.	Konrad Bartelski	27 May 1954
date of birth	Harold Tanner (born 1932) is an investment banker and philanthropist.	Harold Tanner	1932
date of birth	Samuel Keeler (1656 -- May 19, 1713) was a member of the House of Representatives of the Colony of Connecticut from Norwalk in the sessions of October 1701, October 1703, May 1704, May 1706, May 1709 and October 1709.	Samuel Keeler	1656
date of birth	Caoimhe Butterly (born 1978) is an Irish peace activist who has worked with AIDS victims in Zimbabwe, the homeless in New York, and with Zapatistas in Mexico as well as more recently in the Middle East and Haiti.	Caoimhe Butterly	1978
date of birth	Kade Kolodjashnij (Pronounced: collar-jazz-knee)(born 9 August 1995) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Kade Kolodjashnij	9 August 1995
date of birth	Eelyn Kok Hui Wen (Chinese: 郭蕙雯; pinyin: Guō Huìwén; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kok Hūi-bûn; born 12 August 1978) is a Singaporean television actress.	Eelyn Kok	12 August 1978
date of birth	Art Baron (né Arthur John Baron; born 5 January 1950 Bridgeport, Connecticut) is an American jazz trombonist.	Art Baron	5 January 1950
date of birth	Megan Hughes (married name Megan Bäckstedt, born 5 January 1977) is a Welsh retired track and road racing cyclist.	Megan Hughes	5 January 1977
date of birth	Ilona Bruzsenyák (born 14 September 1950) is a Hungarian former track and field athlete who competed in the women's pentathlon, long jump and 100 metres hurdles.	Ilona Bruzsenyák	14 September 1950
date of birth	Harald Rosenløw Eeg (born 18 August 1970) is a Norwegian novelist and script writer.	Harald Rosenløw Eeg	18 August 1970
date of birth	Henri Giscard d'Estaing (born 17 October 1956) is a French business figure and son of former French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing.	Henri Giscard d'Estaing	17 October 1956
date of birth	Fritz Emeran Nkusi (born 28 March 1976) is a former professional footballer who played as a right back.	Fritz Emeran	28 March 1976
date of birth	Tatyana Roslanova (née Khajimuradova) (born 28 September 1980) is a Kazakhstani runner who specializes in the 400 and 800 metres.	Tatyana Roslanova	28 September 1980
date of birth	Rachel Joynt (born 1966 in County Kerry) is an Irish sculptor who has created some prominent Irish public art. She graduated from the National College of Art and Design in Dublin in 1989 with a degree in sculpture.	Rachel Joynt	1966
date of birth	Hilmi İşgüzar (born 1929 in Yozgat, Turkey) is a Turkish politician and former government minister.	Hilmi İşgüzar	1929
date of birth	Xie Yi FRSC (simplified Chinese: 谢毅; traditional Chinese: 謝毅; pinyin: Xiè Yì; born 23 July 1967) is a Chinese chemist.	Xie Yi	23 July 1967
date of birth	Wang Zihui (Chinese: 王子惠; pinyin: Wáng Zǐhuì; Wade--Giles: Wang Tsu-hui) (born 1892) was a politician, military personnel and journalist in the Republic of China.	Wang Zihui	1892
date of birth	Silvia Szalai (born 26 February 1975) is a retired German swimmer who won one silver and two gold medals in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the European and world championships in 1998, 1999 and 2001.	Silvia Szalai	26 February 1975
date of birth	Muhammed Necati Şaşmaz (born 15 December 1971) is a Turkish actor, best known for playing the lead role of Polat Alemdar in the popular television series Kurtlar Vadisi (Valley of the Wolves) and its movie spin-offs, including Kurtlar Vadisi Irak (Valley of the Wolves Iraq).	Necati Şaşmaz	15 December 1971
date of birth	Élise Delzenne (born 28 January 1989) is a French professional racing cyclist who competes on the road and the track.	Élise Delzenne	28 January 1989
date of birth	Dov Carmel (Hebrew: דוב כרמל) is a composer and arranger (born Budapest, 1932), who began producing compositions during the 1960s.	Dov Carmel	1932
date of birth	Victoria Shalet (born 9 December 1981) is a former English actress most famous for her role as Harmony in the award-winning CBBC adaptation of the Dick King-Smith book The Queen's Nose.	Victoria Shalet	9 December 1981
date of birth	Jonathan L. Foote, or Jonathan Lipe Foote, is an American architect whose work is associated with the preservation movement in the U.S. Foote was born in London in 1935, and is the second son of U.S. Col. Ray Palmer Foote and Rosann Lipe Foote Smith.	Jonathan L. Foote	1935
date of birth	(Carl Fredrik) Edmund Neupert (1 April 1842 -- 22 June 1888) was a Norwegian pianist and composer.	Edmund Neupert	1 April 1842
date of birth	Henry Morley Kidgell (27 March 1881 -- 30 January 1948) was a former Australian rules footballer of the early Twentieth Century, playing with South Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Henry Morley Kidgell	27 March 1881
date of birth	Leon Schagrin (born 1926) is a Holocaust survivor and Jewish advocate in the State of Florida.	Leon Schagrin	1926
date of birth	Benjamin Vaughan MD LLD (19 April 1751 -- 8 December 1835) was a British political radical.	Benjamin Vaughan	19 April 1751
date of birth	Rose Elinor Dougall (born 13 March 1986) is an English singer, songwriter and musician best known for being a member of The Pipettes and for performing with Mark Ronson.	Rose Elinor Dougall	13 March 1986
date of birth	Stephen Venables (born 2 May 1954) is a British mountaineer and writer, and is a past president of the South Georgia Association and of the Alpine Club.	Stephen Venables	2 May 1954
date of birth	Almir Gegić (Serbian Cyrillic: Алмир Сенан Гегић; born 30 October 1979) is a Serbian footballer.	Almir Gegić	30 October 1979
date of birth	Alan Hopper (born 17 July 1937) is an English former professional footballer who played as a right back.	Alan Hopper	17 July 1937
date of birth	Tafadzwa Kamungozi (born 8 June 1987) is a Zimbabwean cricketer who bowls leg break.	Tafadzwa Kamungozi	8 June 1987
date of birth	Laura Mulvey (born 15 August 1941) is a British feminist film theorist.	Laura Mulvey	15 August 1941
date of birth	Yoshihiro Azuma (born 7 May 1991 in Takamatsu) is a Japanese sprinter.	Yoshihiro Azuma	7 May 1991
date of birth	John of Leiden (Dutch: Jan van Leiden; also Jan Beukelsz, Jan Beukelszoon, John Bockold, John Bockelson; February 2, 1509 -- January 22, 1536), was an Anabaptist leader from Leiden, in the Holy Roman Empire's County of Holland.	John of Leiden	1509
date of birth	Aage Storstein (born 26 July 1900 -- 7 May 1983) was a Norwegian artist.	Aage Storstein	26 July 1900
date of birth	Geoffrey Alderman (born 10 February 1944) is a British historian, especially of the Jewish community in England in the 19th and 20th centuries, and also an academic, political adviser and journalist.	Geoffrey Alderman	10 February 1944
date of birth	Ivan Panteleymonovich Yemelyanov (Russian: Иван Пантелеймонович Емельянов) was a Russian revolutionary and a member of Narodnaya Volya who took part in the assassination of Tsar Alexander II. Born in 1861, Ivan Yemelyanov was a graduate from a trade school, then studied abroad on a grant from Baron Ginzburg, and became a cabinetmaker.	Ivan Yemelyanov	1861
date of birth	Henry Hyde, 2nd Earl of Clarendon PC (2 June 1638 -- 31 October 1709), was an English aristocrat and politician.	Henry Hyde, 2nd Earl of Clarendon	2 June 1638
date of birth	Ravi Dubey (pronounced (rəʋiː d̪ʊbeː); born 23 December 1983) is an Indian television actor.	Ravi Dubey	23 December 1983
date of birth	Michael Ron (Hebrew: מיכאל רון‎; born 15 August 1932) is a retired Israeli fencer.	Michael Ron	15 August 1932
date of birth	Born in Connellsville, Pennsylvania in 1964, Scott Blasey graduated from Connellsville Area Senior High School in 1982.	Scott Blasey	1964
date of birth	Leif Dietrichson (1 September 1890 -- 18 June 1928) was a Norwegian military officer and aviation pioneer.	Leif Dietrichson	1 September 1890
date of birth	Alpha Oumar Barry (1925--1977) was a Guinean politician, a member of the cabinet of President Ahmed Sékou Touré in the first Guinean republic, who was later arrested and died at Camp Boiro.	Alpha Oumar Barry	1925
date of birth	Alfred Tatar (born 8 August 1963) is an Austrian former footballer and now coach.	Alfred Tatar	8 August 1963
date of birth	Meena Lee (Hangul: 이미나; born 25 December 1981) is a South Korean professional golfer who plays on the United States-based LPGA Tour.	Meena Lee	25 December 1981
date of birth	Víctor Manuel Vucetich Rojas (born 25 June 1955) is a retired Mexican footballer and current manager of Querétaro of the Liga MX.	Víctor Manuel Vucetich	25 June 1955
date of birth	Moshe Atzmon (Hebrew: משה עצמון‎, born 30 July 1931) is an Israeli conductor.	Moshe Atzmon	30 July 1931
date of birth	La Tana (born 1976 as Victoria Santiago Borja) is a ``universally acclaimed'' Spanish flamenco singer.	La Tana	1976
date of birth	Priscilla Maria Veronica White OBE (27 May 1943 -- 1 August 2015), known by her stage name Cilla Black, was an English singer, television presenter, actress, and author.	Cilla Black	27 May 1943
date of birth	Sigismondo Malatesta (November 1498 -- December 1553) was an Italian condottiero.	Sigismondo Malatesta	November 1498
date of birth	Travis O'Neel (1978--2015) was the captain of the University of North Dakota's 2001 national championship football team.	Travis O'Neel	1978
date of birth	Thomas Henry Shadwell Clerke, KH (1792-1849), was an Irish soldier and military journalist.	Thomas Henry Shadwell Clerke	1792
date of birth	Beverly Schmidt Blossom (August 28, 1926 -- November 1, 2014) was an American modern dancer, choreographer and teacher.	Beverly Schmidt Blossom	1926
date of birth	Robert Gluck (born 1955) is a pianist and composer whose repertoire spans jazz, live electronic music, and avant-garde music.	Robert Gluck	1955
date of birth	Éamonn Burns (Irish: Éamonn Ó Broin; born 24 January 1972) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for Ballinascreen and Derry in the 1990s and early 2000s.	Éamonn Burns	24 January 1972
date of birth	Igor Outkine (born 1964 in Soviet Union) is an acoustic and midi accordionist and vocalist.	Igor Outkine	1964
date of birth	Veljko Tukša (known in the United States as Val Tuksa; born 21 November 1950) is a retired Yugoslavian football (soccer) player who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.	Veljko Tukša	21 November 1950
date of birth	Józef Ćwierczakiewicz, Józef Ćwierciakiewicz (1822 -- 12 September 1869 in Geneva), also known as Joseph Card, was a Polish journalist, representative of Komitet Centralny Narodowy in West Prussia (Pomerania) in 1861-1863, agent of Komitet Centralny Narodowy in England in 1862-1863.	Józef Ćwierczakiewicz	1822
date of birth	Don Carlos Gereda y de Borbón, Marqués de Almazán, born on 24 January 1947 in Montevideo, Uruguay, is a Spanish aristocrat, engineer and entrepreneur.	Carlos Gereda y de Borbón	24 January 1947
date of birth	Sir Charles Carteret, 3rd Baronet (4 June 1679 -- 6 June May 1715) was Seigneur of Sark from 1693 to 1715.	Sir Charles Carteret, 3rd Baronet	4 June 1679
date of birth	Jens Marquardt (born 20 May 1967), is a motor sports engineer and manager, most recently the business development manager of Toyota Motorsport GmbH. After gaining a degree in aerospace technology, he joined Ilmor Engineering in 1996, developing both Formula One and CART engines.	Jens Marquardt	20 May 1967
date of birth	Patricia Ross (born 8 March 1959 in Middlebury, Vermont) is an American former cross country skier who competed from 1982 to 1984.	Patricia Ross	8 March 1959
date of birth	Damiano Zenoni (born 23 April 1977) is an Italian football manager and former player, who was capable of playing both as a midfielder and as a defender, anywhere in midfield or defence.	Damiano Zenoni	23 April 1977
date of birth	Giovanni Rector (born 27 January 1982) is a South African professional football (soccer) player, who is playing at a Western Province United.	Giovanni Rector	27 January 1982
date of birth	Asha Gigi Roba (born 15 October 1973 in Arsi) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specialises in the marathon.	Asha Gigi	15 October 1973
date of birth	František Čáp (7 December 1913 -- 12 January 1972), also known as ``Franz Cap'' in Germany, was a Czech film director and screenwriter.	František Čáp	7 December 1913
date of birth	Roland Pröll (born 11 June 1949 in Unna, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German pianist, conductor, composer, musicologist, and professor of music.	Roland Pröll	1949
date of birth	Major George Druitt (1775--1842) was a soldier and Australian pioneer.	George Druitt	1775
date of birth	Dora Gález (1903-2002) was a pioneering Argentine actress and vedette.	Dora Gález	1903
date of birth	Li Haopei (Chinese: 李浩培; pinyin: Lǐ Hàopéi; 6 July 1906, Shanghai - 6 November 1997, The Hague) was a Chinese jurist, diplomat and academic.	Li Haopei	6 July 1906
date of birth	Sigrun Eng (born 5 June 1951 in Sør-Fron) is a Norwegian politician who belongs to the Labour Party.	Sigrun Eng	5 June 1951
date of birth	Alister McRae (born 20 December 1970) is a British rally driver who competed in the World Rally Championship.	Alister McRae	20 December 1970
date of birth	Kay Bojesen (15 August 1886 -- 28 August 1958) was a Danish silversmith and designer.	Kay Bojesen	15 August 1886
date of birth	Franco Boffi (born 2 November 1958) is an Italian former middle distance runner, that won a gold medal at the Summer Universiade (1985).	Franco Boffi	2 November 1958
date of birth	Richard Samuel Chattock (1825 - 1906) was printmaker, painter and etcher born in Solihull (then in Warwickshire, now in the West Midlands), England.	Richard Samuel Chattock	1825
date of birth	Keith Windschuttle (born 1942) is an Australian writer, historian, and former ABC board member.	Keith Windschuttle	1942
date of birth	Bishop Fidelis Rakotonarivo (born 28 August 1956 in Ambohimahazo) is the head of the Diocese of Ambositra in Ambositra, Madagascar.	Fidelis Rakotonarivo	28 August 1956
date of birth	Robert N. Charrette (born 1953) is an award-winning graphic artist, game designer, sculptor and author.	Robert N. Charrette	1953
date of birth	Du Cong (杜悰) (794?-873?), courtesy name Yongyu (永裕), formally the Duke of Bin (邠公), was an official of the Tang dynasty of China, serving two terms as chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Wuzong and Emperor Wuzong's cousin Emperor Yizong.	Du Cong	794
date of birth	Walter Trott (born 1 June 1907, date of death unknown) is a German bobsledder who competed in the mid-1930s.	Walter Trott	1 June 1907
date of birth	Andrew P. Wilson (born 1886 in Edinburgh, Scotland), was a UK director, playwright, teacher, and actor.	Andrew P. Wilson	1886
date of birth	Xu Xingde (simplified Chinese: 许兴德; traditional Chinese: 許興德; pinyin: Xǔ Xìngdé; born 12 June 1984 in Yunnan) is a Chinese race walker.	Xu Xingde	12 June 1984
date of birth	Dettlef Günther (sometimes shown as Detlef Günther, born 27 August 1954 in Erlabrunn, Saxony) is an East German former luger who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s.	Dettlef Günther	27 August 1954
date of birth	Gillian Russell-Love (born 28 September 1973 in St. Andrews) is a Jamaican athlete who specializes in the 100 metres hurdles.	Gillian Russell	28 September 1973
date of birth	Dave Tolley (born 1978, Kitchener, Ontario) is a Canadian hand percussionist and drummer.	Dave Tolley	1978
date of birth	Jiří Dolejš (* 24. January 1961, Praha) is a Czech communist politician.	Jiří Dolejš	1961
date of birth	Alexz Wigg (born 11 November 1989), is an English International motorcycle trials rider.	Alexz Wigg	11 November 1989
date of birth	Yi Gang (Chinese: 易纲; pinyin: Yì Gāng) (born 1958) is the former Director of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange and Deputy Governor of the People's Bank of China.	Yi Gang	1958
date of birth	Walter O'Brien (born 24 February 1975) is an Irish businessman, information technologist, and media personality who is the founder and CEO of Scorpion Computer Services, Inc. He is also the inspiration for and executive producer of the CBS television series, Scorpion.	Walter O'Brien	24 February 1975
date of birth	Hugh of Ibelin (c. 1130-1133 -- 1169/1171) was an important noble in the crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem.	Hugh of Ibelin	1130
date of birth	Marko Saaresto (born 5 December 1970) is the founding member, lead vocalist and primary songwriter of the Finnish alternative rock band Poets of the Fall.	Marko Saaresto	5 December 1970
date of birth	Mr. Oizo (French: (məsˈjø waˈzo); born 14 April 1974) is the stage name of French electronic musician and film director Quentin Dupieux.	Mr. Oizo	14 April 1974
date of birth	Manish Wadhwa (born 23 April 1972, in Mumbai) is an Indian actor and voice actor.	Manish Wadhwa	23 April 1972
date of birth	Mariana Gheorghe (born 1956) is the first woman general manager of Petrom.	Mariana Gheorghe	1956
date of birth	Dyanand Chandila (born 1954) is an Indian municipal counselor.	Dyanand Chandila	1954
date of birth	Doug Mountjoy (born 8 June 1942) is a retired Welsh snooker player.	Doug Mountjoy	8 June 1942
date of birth	Sir Henry Collett (6 March 1836 -- 21 December 1901) was an English soldier and botanist.	Henry Collett	6 March 1836
date of birth	Naree Song (Korean: 송나리, Thai: นารี วงศ์ลือเกียรติ ; rtgs: Nari Wonglue-kiat, born 1 May 1986) is a Korean professional golfer of Thai descent.	Naree Song	1 May 1986
date of birth	Franz Cisar (born 28 November 1908, date of death unknown) was an Austrian footballer whose career lasted from 1926 to 1938.	Franz Cisar	28 November 1908
date of birth	Jim Kammerud (born 1960) is an American director, writer, producer and animator, best known for his work with the Walt Disney Company.	Jim Kammerud	1960
date of birth	Horst Liepolt (born 27 July 1927) is a jazz producer and artist.	Horst Liepolt	27 July 1927
date of birth	Countess Louise Juliane of Erbach (1603 at Fürstenau Castle near Michelstadt -- 28 September 1670 in Friedewald) was a Countess of Erbach by birth, and by marriage Countess of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Sayn.	Louise Juliane of Erbach	1603
date of birth	Scarlett Bowman (born 10 December 1985) is an English artist and actress best known for her role as Maddie Morrison in the British TV soap opera Hollyoaks.	Scarlett Bowman	10 December 1985
date of birth	Dr. András Cser-Palkovics (born 1974) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Székesfehérvár (Fejér County Constituency I) between 2010 and 2014.	András Cser-Palkovics	1974
date of birth	Jiang Weiping (Chinese: 姜维平 ; born c. 1955) is a veteran mainland Chinese journalist known internationally for his arrest by the Communist Party of China in 2001.	Jiang Weiping	1955
date of birth	Andrea Caccese (born 16 July 1988) is an Italian singer-songwriter, guitarist and musician.	Andrea Caccese	16 July 1988
date of birth	Maureen Haughey (née Lemass; born 1925) is the widow of Charles Haughey, who served as Taoiseach of Ireland for three terms.	Maureen Haughey	1925
date of birth	Marie Guillot (9 September 1880 -- 5 March 1934) was a teacher in Saône-et-Loire and a pioneer of trade unionism in primary education.	Marie Guillot	9 September 1880
date of birth	Leonard Hope Green (born 2 October 1936), generally known as Len Green, is an English former footballer who made 50 appearances in the Football League playing as a right back for Darlington.	Len Green	2 October 1936
date of birth	Scott Routenberg (born 1978) is an American composer, jazz pianist, arranger and orchestrator.	Scott Routenberg	1978
date of birth	Peter LaBarbera (born 1963) is an American social conservative activist and the president of the anti-gay organization Americans for Truth about Homosexuality (AFTAH).	Peter LaBarbera	1963
date of birth	Lucas Cornelis van Scheppingen (born 22 October 1976), better known under his stage name Laidback Luke, is a Filipino-Dutch DJ and producer.	Laidback Luke	22 October 1976
date of birth	Ben Kennedy (born 14 March 1974 in Casino, New South Wales), is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Ben Kennedy	14 March 1974
date of birth	Roy Barry (born 19 September 1942) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played for Musselburgh Athletic's junior side before being signed by Hearts.	Roy Barry	19 September 1942
date of birth	Jan Müller-Wieland (born 30 March 1966 in Hamburg) is a German composer and conductor of classical music and an academic teacher.	Jan Müller-Wieland	30 March 1966
date of birth	Stefania Bojda (born 1938, in Cieszyn) is a Polish artist and teacher.	Stefania Bojda	1938
date of birth	Catherine Lalonde (born 1974) is a Quebec poet and journalist.	Catherine Lalonde	1974
date of birth	Annie Miller (1835-1925) was an English artists' model who, among others, sat for the members of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood, William Holman Hunt, Dante Gabriel Rossetti and John Everett Millais.	Annie Miller	1835
date of birth	Emma Brockes (born 1975) is a British author and a contributor to The Guardian and The New York Times.	Emma Brockes	1975
date of birth	Malminder Gill (born 30 November 1981 in Kent, United Kingdom) is a self-help author and hypnotist from England.	Malminder Gill	30 November 1981
date of birth	George Cuthbertson (1898--1969) was a Canadian artist, researcher, and author.	George Cuthbertson	1898
date of birth	Diane Keen (born 29 July 1946) is an English actress, likely best known for her starring roles in the British TV drama Doctors in which she starred as Julia Parsons from 2003-2012.	Diane Keen	29 July 1946
date of birth	John C. Holland (1893--1970) was one of the longest-serving Los Angeles City Council members, for 24 years from 1943 to 1967, and was known for his losing fight against bringing the Los Angeles Dodgers to Chavez Ravine and for his reputation as a watchdog over the city treasury.	John C. Holland	1893
date of birth	Gary van Egmond (born 29 June 1965) is an Australian former football (soccer) player and former manager of Newcastle Jets in the A-League.	Gary van Egmond	29 June 1965
date of birth	Fanny Neguesha (born 10 June 1990) is a Belgian model and media personality, daughter of Congolese-Rwandan mother and an Italian father.	Fanny Neguesha	10 June 1990
date of birth	Brett Dallas (born 18 October 1974) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Brett Dallas	18 October 1974
date of birth	Jack Mills (1 September 1905 -- 28 February 1970) was the driver of the train that was robbed in the Great Train Robbery in 1963.	Jack Mills	1 September 1905
date of birth	Camelia Hotea (née Balint; born 27 October 1984) is a Romanian handballer who plays for Corona Braşov and the Romanian national team in left wing position.	Camelia Hotea	27 October 1984
date of birth	Laure Prouvost (born 1978) is a French artist living and working in London.	Laure Prouvost	1978
date of birth	Joe Capilano (1850--1910), also known as Joe Mathias, was a leader of the Squamish, who called him Sa7plek (Sahp-luk).	Joe Capilano	1850
date of birth	Hans Albrecht von Barfus (1635 -- December 27, 1704) was a field marshal in the service of Brandenburg and Prussia, serving briefly as prime minister under King Frederick I.	Hans Albrecht von Barfus	1635
date of birth	Uta Ranke-Heinemann (born 2 October 1927) is a German theologian, academic and author.	Uta Ranke-Heinemann	2 October 1927
date of birth	Bodys Isek Kingelez or Jean Baptiste (1948-March 14, 2015) was a sculptor and artist from the Democratic Republic of Congo, mostly known for his models of fantastic cities made of cardboard.	Bodys Isek Kingelez	1948
date of birth	Avishay Braverman (Hebrew: אבישי ברוורמן‎, born 15 January 1948) is an Israeli economist and politician.	Avishay Braverman	15 January 1948
date of birth	Granville Penn (9 December 1761 -- 28 September 1844) was a great-grandson of Admiral Sir William Penn, a British author, and scriptural geologist.	Granville Penn	9 December 1761
date of birth	Recep Yıldız (born 10 March 1986) is a Turkish professional footballer who last played as a centre back for Körfez FK.	Recep Yıldız	10 March 1986
date of birth	Manuel Inácio Martins Pamplona Corte Real, 1st Count of Subserra (Angra do Heroismo; 3 July 1760 - Elvas; 16 October 1832) was a Portuguese nobleman and politician.	Manuel Inácio Martins Pamplona Corte Real, 1st Count of Subserra	3 July 1760
date of birth	Flora Brovina (born 30 September 1949) is a Kosovar Albanian poet, pediatrician and women's rights activist.	Flora Brovina	30 September 1949
date of birth	Ren Shields was an American folk musician born in 1868 in Chicago, Illinois.	Ren Shields	1868
date of birth	Bob Holtzman (born 1972) is a television bureau-reporter for ESPN located in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio.	Bob Holtzman	1972
date of birth	Trent Schmutter (born 27 August 1987 in Sydney) is an Australian Baseball League outfielder who currently plays for Sydney Blue Sox.	Trent Schmutter	27 August 1987
date of birth	Primož Čučnik (born 1 June 1971) is a Slovene poet, editor and translator.	Primož Čučnik	1 June 1971
date of birth	Giovanni Paolo Gibertini, O.S.B. (born 4 May 1922) is an Italian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church.	Giovanni Paolo Gibertini	4 May 1922
date of birth	John Greening (born 25 December 1950 in Burnie) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the VFL.	John Greening	25 December 1950
date of birth	Auli Mantila (born 27 May 1964) is a Finnish film director, writer, producer and actress.	Auli Mantila	27 May 1964
date of birth	Srilamanthula Chandramohan (born 1981) is an artist who was born in Madanapally, a village in Andhra Pradesh in southern India.	Srilamanthula Chandramohan	1981
date of birth	Jeff Britting (born 1957) is an American composer, playwright, author, and producer.	Jeff Britting	1957
date of birth	Jerry Potts (1840 -- July 14, 1896), (also known as Ky-yo-kosi, meaning ``Bear Child''), was an American - Canadian plainsman, buffalo hunter, horse trader, interpreter, and scout of Anglo-Métis heritage.	Jerry Potts	1840
date of birth	Erica Vaal (1927-October 17, 2013) (also known as Ricky Denver) was an actress of theatre, film, and television, writer, radio host and presenter, she was born in Vienna of Austrian parents.	Erica Vaal	1927
date of birth	Iwan Serrurier (21 September 1878, Leiden - 1953) was a Dutch-born electrical engineer notable for inventing the Moviola.	Iwan Serrurier	21 September 1878
date of birth	Paul Schwartz (born 1956) is a music producer, composer, arranger, conductor, and pianist.	Paul Schwartz	1956
date of birth	Jesse Slocumb (1780--1820) was a U.S. Congressional Representative from North Carolina.	Jesse Slocumb	1780
date of birth	Kemal Derviş (Turkish pronunciation: (keˈmal deɾviʃ); born 10 January 1949) is a Turkish economist and politician, and former head of the United Nations Development Programme.	Kemal Derviş	10 January 1949
date of birth	Edmund Gerber (born 2 August 1988) is a German heavyweight pro boxer.	Edmund Gerber	2 August 1988
date of birth	Virisila Buadromo (born 1972) is a Fijian political activist and former journalist, who is the Executive Director of the Fiji Women's Rights Movement (FWRM).	Virisila Buadromo	1972
date of birth	Georgie Koutrouvelis (born 20 December 1985) is an Australian football (soccer) striker who last played for Australian W-League team Melbourne Victory.	Georgie Koutrouvelis	20 December 1985
date of birth	Larry Corowa (born 5 August 1957 in Murwillumbah, New South Wales) is an Indigenous Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s.	Larry Corowa	5 August 1957
date of birth	Edmund Bristow (1 Apr 1787 -- 12 Feb 1876) was an English animal, still life and subject painter.	Edmund Bristow	1787
date of birth	Lieutenant-General Orit Adato (Hebrew: אורית אדטו‎, born 1955) is an Israeli former military commander and Prison Service Commissioner.	Orit Adato	1955
date of birth	Joseph H. Gale (born 1953, in Virginia) is a judge of the United States Tax Court.	Joseph H. Gale	1953
date of birth	Moayad Ajan (Arabic: مؤيد العجان ‎) (born 16 February 1993 in Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Moayad Ajan	16 February 1993
date of birth	Farukh Abitov (born 4 December 1988) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer, who is a defence player of Dordoi Bishkek.	Farukh Abitov	4 December 1988
date of birth	Rosa Isabel Mutya Buena (born 21 May 1985) is an English recording artist who rose to fame as a member of girl group the Sugababes.	Mutya Buena	21 May 1985
date of birth	Adam Szentpétery (born 24 February 1956) is a Slovakian artist of Hungarian origin and the department Head/Professor of the Studio of Contemporary Image at the Faculty of Arts at the Technical University of Košice, Slovakia.	Adam Szentpétery	24 February 1956
date of birth	John Crosbie, 2nd Earl of Glandore PC, FRS (25 May 1753 -- 23 October 1815), styled Viscount Crosbie between 1777 and 1781, was an Irish politician and judge.	John Crosbie, 2nd Earl of Glandore	25 May 1753
date of birth	Alan Aboud (born 13 May 1966) is an Irish graphic designer and creative director, from Dublin, Ireland.	Alan Aboud	13 May 1966
date of birth	Joseph Eldridge Hamblin (January 13, 1828 -- July 3, 1870) was an American general during the Civil War, who led a regiment and then a brigade in the Army of the Potomac.	Joseph Eldridge Hamblin	1828
date of birth	Tom Wontner (born 25 June 1971) is a British film actor, writer, and producer.	Tom Wontner	25 June 1971
date of birth	Carmen Sánchez Levi (born 1931), commonly known as Carmela Rey, is a Mexican singer and actress.	Carmela Rey	1931
date of birth	Aleksandër Moisiu (Albanian: Aleksandër Moisiu; German: Alexander Moissi, Italian: Alessandro Moissi; 2 April 1879 -- 22/23 March 1935) was an Albanian stage actor.	Aleksandër Moisiu	2 April 1879
date of birth	Hani Miletski (born 1962) is a sexologist, and sex therapist living in Bethesda, Maryland, USA.	Hani Miletski	1962
date of birth	Timo Hoffmann (born 25 September 1974) is a German professional boxer and multiple-time European heavyweight title challenger.	Timo Hoffmann	25 September 1974
date of birth	Krzysztof Zanussi, (born 17 June 1939) is a Polish film and theatre director, producer and screenwriter.	Krzysztof Zanussi	17 June 1939
date of birth	Bruce Neish (born 23 August 1950) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1970s.	Bruce Neish	23 August 1950
date of birth	Marcos Sebastián Pol Gutiérrez (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈmarkos seβasˈtjan ˈpol), born 15 March 1988) is an Argentine football striker.	Sebastián Pol	15 March 1988
date of birth	Funmilola Ogundana (born 26 December 1980 Died 8 February 2013 ) was a Nigerian sprinter who specialized in the 100 metres.	Funmilola Ogundana	26 December 1980
date of birth	Greg Gorman (born 1949) is an American portrait photographer of Hollywood celebrities.	Greg Gorman	1949
date of birth	William Villalongo (born 1975 in Hollywood, Florida) is an American artist working in painting, printmaking, sculpture, and installation.	William Villalongo	1975
date of birth	Vida Chenoweth (born 1929 in Enid, Oklahoma) was the first professional solo classical marimbist, an ethnomusicologist and a linguist.	Vida Chenoweth	1929
date of birth	Bo Andreas Gustafsson (Born 10 August 1981 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish race walker.	Andreas Gustafsson	1981
date of birth	Lukáš Hlava (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlukaːʃ ˈɦlava), born 10 September 1984 in Harrachov) is a Czech ski jumper who has competed since 2002.	Lukáš Hlava	10 September 1984
date of birth	George Peppin (c. 1841 -- September 14, 1904) was a corrupt sheriff in Lincoln County, New Mexico, who figured prominently into the Lincoln County War.	George Peppin	1841
date of birth	Wang Fengge (王凤阁; 1895--1937) was born in Tonghua, Jilin, China.	Wang Fengge	1895
date of birth	Martin Harley (born 1975, Cardiff, Wales) is a British singer-songwriter and slide guitarist.	Martin Harley	1975
date of birth	Tudor Casapu or Fedor Kassapu (Russian: Фёдор Михайлович Касапу) (born 18 September 1963 in Mingir) is a Moldovan weightlifter, World Champion and Olympic Champion.	Tudor Casapu	18 September 1963
date of birth	George Shiels (24 June 1881 -- 19 September 1949) was an Irish dramatist whose plays were a success both in his native Ulster and at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin.	George Shiels	24 June 1881
date of birth	Rodney Eade (born 4 April 1958) is a former Australian rules footballer and the former coach of the Sydney Swans and the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Rodney Eade	4 April 1958
date of birth	Keith Amos (born 13 January 1932) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Aldershot.	Keith Amos	13 January 1932
date of birth	Asensio Nebot ``The Friar'', born in Nules, Spain in 1779, was the most important guerrillero in the Kingdom of Valencia during the Peninsular War but he has not received the recognition that he deserves.	Asensio Nebot	1779
date of birth	Edwin Lionel Wilson (E. L Wilson) (28 March 1861 -- 24 November 1951), along with Alan Mansfield was the founder of Collingwood Football Club.	Edwin Lionel Wilson	28 March 1861
date of birth	Mustafa Altıoklar (born 1958, Ankara) is a Turkish film director, producer and screenwriter.	Mustafa Altıoklar	1958
date of birth	Nazan Azeri is a Turkish visual artist, born in Bursa, Turkey in 1953.	Nazan Azeri	1953
date of birth	George Richard Savage Nassau (1756--1823) was an English country gentleman, known as a bibliophile,	George Richard Savage Nassau	1756
date of birth	Thomas Östros (born 26 January 1965 in Gällivare, Norrbotten County) is a Swedish economist, former Social Democratic politician and CEO of the Swedish Bankers' Association.	Thomas Östros	26 January 1965
date of birth	Duane C. Butcher (born 1965) is an American diplomat serving as the Chargé d'affaires at U.S. Embassy Bucharest.	Duane C. Butcher	1965
date of birth	Ruslan Fomin (Ukrainian: Руслан Миколайович Фомін; born 2 March 1986 in Lozova, Kharkiv Oblast) is a Ukrainian footballer who last plays as a striker for FC Atyrau in the Kazakhstan Premier League.	Ruslan Fomin	2 March 1986
date of birth	Jesús Mendoza Aguirre (born 23 February 1977) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back, and the current manager of Trebujena CF. He spent the vast majority of his 18-year senior career with Xerez, competing in all three major levels of Spanish football and appearing in 459 official games.	Jesús Mendoza Aguirre	23 February 1977
date of birth	Si Yi Chen (born 19 March 1985) is an Australian who was convicted in Indonesia for drug trafficking as a member of the Bali Nine.	Si Yi Chen	19 March 1985
date of birth	Hugh Annesley, 5th Earl Annesley (26 January 1831 -- 15 December 1908) was a British military officer and Member of Parliament for County Cavan from 1857 to 1874.	Hugh Annesley, 5th Earl Annesley	26 January 1831
date of birth	Naphtali Lau-Lavie (sometimes Naphtali Lavie) (1926--December 6, 2014) was an Israeli journalist, author and diplomat.	Naphtali Lau-Lavie	1926
date of birth	Tanja Kragujević, (Serbian Cyrillic: Тања Крагујевић) a Serbian poet, was born in 1946.	Tanja Kragujević	1946
date of birth	Dov Shilansky (Hebrew: דב שילנסקי‎, 21 March 1924 -- 9 December 2010) was an Israeli politician and Speaker of the Knesset from 1988 to 1992.	Dov Shilansky	21 March 1924
date of birth	Enea Bastianini (born 30 December 1997) is an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle racer.	Enea Bastianini	30 December 1997
date of birth	Abdul Latif Khalid Cheema (عبداللطیف خالد چیمہ, born 12 May 1956) is Secretary General of Majlis-e-Ahrar-e-Islam and Central convener of Muttahida Tehreek-e-Khatme Nabuwwat Rabitta Committee.	Abdul Latif Khalid Cheema	12 May 1956
date of birth	Rojan Hazim (born 1956), is a contemporary Kurdish writer, journalist, translator and literary critic.	Rojan Hazim	1956
date of birth	Billy Reeves (born 7 June 1965) is a British songwriter, musician, record producer and broadcaster.	Billy Reeves	7 June 1965
date of birth	May Britt (born 22 March 1934) is a Swedish actress who had a brief career in the 1950s in Italy and later in the United States.	May Britt	22 March 1934
date of birth	James Disney-May (born 4 August 1992) is an English competitive swimmer.	James Disney-May	4 August 1992
date of birth	Rolf Sæther (born 20 May 1937) is a Norwegian shipping executive and writer.	Rolf Sæther	20 May 1937
date of birth	Roy Gater (born 22 June 1940) is an English former footballer who played for Port Vale, Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic, Crewe Alexandra, Weymouth, Dorchester Town and Christchurch.	Roy Gater	22 June 1940
date of birth	Francine Raymond (Montréal, 9 June 1956) is a French Canadian singer songwriter.	Francine Raymond	9 June 1956
date of birth	Rufino Rodríguez de la Torre (2 December 1900 - ?) is an Argentinan sailor.	Rufino Rodríguez de la Torre	2 December 1900
date of birth	James Swarbrick (born 1881; date of death unknown) was a footballer who played in the Football League.	James Swarbrick	1881
date of birth	Francis Xavier Schmalzgrueber (9 October 1663 -- 7 November 1735) was a German Jesuit canonist.	Francis Xavier Schmalzgrueber	9 October 1663
date of birth	Terry Lamb OAM, (born 15 September 1961) is an Australian former rugby league footballer and coach.	Terry Lamb	15 September 1961
date of birth	Stephen G. Hall (born 25 December 1953) is a British economist and academic.	Stephen G. Hall	25 December 1953
date of birth	Daron Beneby (born 4 May 1984) is a Bahamian international soccer player, who plays as a midfielder for the Bahamas national team	Daron Beneby	4 May 1984
date of birth	Gregory Woods (born in 1953 in Egypt) is a British poet who grew up in Ghana.	Gregory Woods	1953
date of birth	Albano Lugli (Carpi, 13 November 1834 -- Carpi, 8 August 1914) was an Italian painter and ceramic artist mainly active in his native Carpi, painting historic and sacred subjects.	Albano Lugli	13 November 1834
date of birth	Llambi Gegprifti ( born in Pogradec, 1942) is a former Albanian politician and mayor of Tirana (precisely Chairman of the Executive Committee of the People's Council of Tirana District) from 1986 through 1987 and 1989 through 1990.	Llambi Gegprifti	1942
date of birth	Sara Banerji (née Mostyn) (born 6 June 1932) is a British author, artist and sculptor.	Sara Banerji	6 June 1932
date of birth	Karmen Stavec (born 21 December 1973) is a Slovene musician and pop singer.	Karmen Stavec	21 December 1973
date of birth	Muhammad Nimr al-Hawari (born 1908, date of death unknown) was a Nazareth-born Palestinian who studied law in Jerusalem, graduating in 1939.	Muhammad Nimr al-Hawari	1908
date of birth	John of Bar (1380 - 21 October 1415, Agincourt) was lord of Puisaye.	John of Bar	1380
date of birth	Roy Holder (born 15 June 1946) is an English television actor who has appeared in various programmes including Ace of Wands, Z-Cars, Spearhead, the Doctor Who serial The Caves of Androzani and Sorry!	Roy Holder	15 June 1946
date of birth	Susan Hamilton (born 1970) is a Scottish Soprano focusing on Baroque and Contemporary music Her earliest musical education was as a chorister at St Mary's Episcopal Cathedral and as a pupil at St Mary's Music School in Edinburgh.	Susan Hamilton	1970
date of birth	Arnfinn Graue (born 1 October 1926) was a Norwegian nuclear physicist.	Arnfinn Graue	1 October 1926
date of birth	Linda Weiser Friedman (born 1953) is an author and academic.	Linda Weiser Friedman	1953
date of birth	Peter R. Kann (born 1942) is an American journalist, editor, and businessman.	Peter R. Kann	1942
date of birth	Xu Youzhi (Chinese:许有志; Pinyin: Xǔ Yǒuzhì; born 13 December 1987) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Jiangsu Sainty in the Chinese Super League.	Xu Youzhi	13 December 1987
date of birth	Kristina Georgieva (Bulgarian: Кристина Георгиева) (born 1992) is a Bulgarian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Bulgaria 2014 and represented Bulgaria at the Miss Universe 2014 pageant.	Kristina Georgieva	1992
date of birth	Shujauddin Malik (born 29 February 1972 in Gujranwala) is a Commonwealth Games gold medal winning weightlifter from Pakistan.Malik was awarded the Sitaraie Imtiaz in 2010 for his achievements.He currently holds the Commonwealth Games record in the 85-100kg category while lifting 193 Kg clean&jerk at Commonwealth Games 2006 in Melbourne.	Shujauddin Malik	29 February 1972
date of birth	Valentine Demy (born 24 January 1963) is an Italian mainstream and pornographic actress.	Valentine Demy	24 January 1963
date of birth	Ninoslav Radovanović (born 6 May 1940) is a prominent cardiac surgeon from Serbia.	Ninoslav Radovanović	6 May 1940
date of birth	Erwin J. Haeberle (born 30 March 1936) is a German social scientist and sexologist.	Erwin J. Haeberle	30 March 1936
date of birth	Harry Frauca (born 14 October 1928) was an Australian naturalist, writer and photographer.	Harry Frauca	14 October 1928
date of birth	Karenne Wood (born 1960) is a member of the Monacan Indian tribe who is known for her poetry and for her work in tribal history.	Karenne Wood	1960
date of birth	Thomas Baptiste (born 1936) is a Guyanese-born British actor and opera singer.	Thomas Baptiste	1936
date of birth	Gabriele Haupt (born 1 March 1942) was a former East German cross country skier who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Gabriele Haupt	1 March 1942
date of birth	Annie Fellows Johnston (1863--1931) was an American author of children's fiction who wrote the popular ``Little Colonel'' series, which was the basis for the 1935 Shirley Temple film The Little Colonel.	Annie Fellows Johnston	1863
date of birth	Mark Coles Smith (born 22 February 1987) is an Indigenous Australian actor originally from Broome, Western Australia.	Mark Coles Smith	22 February 1987
date of birth	Jean-Marie De Ketele (born 15 August 1943) is a Belgian academic and writer specialising in education.	Jean-Marie De Ketele	15 August 1943
date of birth	Anna Hashimoto (born June 1989) is a British clarinettist who was born in Japan.	Anna Hashimoto	June 1989
date of birth	Darwin Gross (1928--2008) was an American spiritual teacher who succeeded to the leadership of Eckankar in 1971 at the death of its founder Paul Twitchell.	Darwin Gross	1928
date of birth	Joseph-Marie-Blaise Coulomb (Toulon, 5 July 1728 -- La Seyne, 2 July 1803) was a French naval engineer.	Joseph-Marie-Blaise Coulomb	5 July 1728
date of birth	Qemal Butka (1907 -- November 28, 1997) was an Albanian architect, painter, politician, and postage stamps engraver.	Qemal Butka	1907
date of birth	Jure Bilić (12 September 1922 -- 27 January 2006) was a Croatian and Yugoslav communist politician.	Jure Bilić	12 September 1922
date of birth	Michael McCloud (born 1947) is the stage name of Michael Snyder, an American folk singer and songwriter who regularly performs at the Schooner Wharf Bar in Key West, Florida.	Michael McCloud	1947
date of birth	Shekhar Gupta (born 26 August 1957) is an Indian journalist who is currently working with Business Standard and pens a weekly column ``National Interest'' which appears every Saturday.	Shekhar Gupta	26 August 1957
date of birth	István Bata (5 March 1910 -- 17 August 1982) was a Hungarian military officer and politician who served as Minister of Defence from 1953 to 1956.	István Bata	5 March 1910
date of birth	Paul Ethuin (Bruay-sur-l'Escaut, 24 September 1924 -- Reims, 1 November 2011) was a French conductor who was particularly associated with building up the opera company in Rouen and who conducted an important Ring Cycle in France in the 1960s.	Paul Ethuin	24 September 1924
date of birth	Rune Hagen (born 20 July 1975) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a left midfielder.	Rune Hagen	20 July 1975
date of birth	Leee John (born Leslie McGregor John, 23 June 1957) is an English musician, singer and actor of St Lucian descent.	Leee John	23 June 1957
date of birth	Sebastian Barry (born 5 July 1955) is an Irish playwright, novelist and poet.	Sebastian Barry	5 July 1955
date of birth	Celia Griffin (1841 -- March 1847), Irish famine victim.	Celia Griffin	1841
date of birth	Mark Saltveit (born c. 1962) is a Portland-based stand-up comedian, writer, and palindromist.	Mark Saltveit	1962
date of birth	Maryse Abendanon (born 15 November 1966 in Amsterdam) is a former Dutch field hockey player, who earned a total number of seventeen international caps in 1987 for the Dutch women's team, in which she scored four goals.	Maryse Abendanon	1966
date of birth	Jussi Kuoppala (born 28 June 1974 in Ylistaro) is a Finnish former footballer, who played as a defender.	Jussi Kuoppala	28 June 1974
date of birth	Andrejs Koroļevs (born 30 July 1969) is a Latvian motorcycle speedway rider.	Andrejs Koroļevs	30 July 1969
date of birth	Ethan Kath (born 25 December 1982) is the songwriter and producer of Crystal Castles.	Ethan Kath	25 December 1982
date of birth	Raimundo Arrais do Rosário (Chinese: 羅立文; born August 1956), is a civil servant in Macau and the current Secretariat for Transport and Public Works since 2014.	Raimundo Arrais do Rosário	August 1956
date of birth	Howard Simon (1902--1979) was a notable American illustrator, painter, and printmaker who is known for his woodcuts.	Howard Simon	1902
date of birth	MPP Yei Myint (Burmese: ရဲမြင့်, pronounced: (jɛ́ mjɪ̰ɴ); also spelled Ye Myint; born 1953) is a Burmese artist.	Yei Myint	1953
date of birth	Sourabh Vij (born 14 June 1987) is an Indian shot putter.	Sourabh Vij	14 June 1987
date of birth	Jozef Kabaň (4 January 1973 in Vavrečka, Czechoslovakia, now Slovakia) is a Slovak automobile designer.	Jozef Kabaň	4 January 1973
date of birth	Mao Chi-kuo (traditional Chinese: 毛治國; simplified Chinese: 毛治国; pinyin: Máo Zhìguó; born 4 October 1948 in Fenghua, Chekiang) is a Taiwanese politician, who served as the Premier of the Republic of China (ROC), the President of Executive Yuan from 2014 to 2016.	Mao Chi-kuo	4 October 1948
date of birth	Humphrey Barclay (born 24 March 1941, Dorking, Surrey, England) is a comedy executive and producer.	Humphrey Barclay	24 March 1941
date of birth	Jonathan Myerson (born 12 January 1960) is a British dramatist and novelist, writing principally for television and radio.	Jonathan Myerson	12 January 1960
date of birth	Steven Craig (born 5 February 1981) is a Scottish professional footballer who is without a club.	Steven Craig	5 February 1981
date of birth	Mahe Jabeen (born 1961) is an Indian poet, lawyer and minority rights activist, and a winner of the Rajiv Gandhi Manav Seva award for her social service.	Mahe Jabeen	1961
date of birth	Saraswathi Gora (28 September 1912 -- 19 August 2006) was an Indian social activist.	Saraswathi Gora	28 September 1912
date of birth	Dave Fanning (born 30 December 1955) is an Irish rock journalist, DJ, film critic and broadcaster.	Dave Fanning	1955
date of birth	Ritske Jelmera was a Frisian chieftain born in 1383 in Ternaard, Friesland who ruled the island of Ameland.	Ritske Jelmera	1383
date of birth	Boris Kornilov (Russian: Бори́с Петро́вич Корни́лов) (29 July 1907, Pokrovskoye - 20 February 1938) was a Soviet, Russian poet.	Boris Kornilov	29 July 1907
date of birth	Woon Wing Yip OBE (born 1940) is a Chinese-born British entrepreneur, best known for having started the Wing Yip supermarket chain.	Woon Wing Yip	1940
date of birth	Robert F. Dees (born 2 February 1950 in Amarillo, Texas) is a retired major general in the United States Army.	Robert F. Dees	2 February 1950
date of birth	Desnica Radivojević (Serbian: Десница Радивојевић; 14 December 1952) is a Bosnian politician who serves as Minister of Planning in the Government of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Desnica Radivojević	1952
date of birth	Lindzi James Tyger Drew-Honey (born 26 January 1996), known professionally as Tyger Drew-Honey, is an English actor, musician and television presenter.	Tyger Drew-Honey	26 January 1996
date of birth	Steve Pyke MBE (born 1957) is a British photographer living in New York City.	Steve Pyke	1957
date of birth	Francesco Di Jorio or Franco Di Iorio (born 22 September 1973) is a Swiss footballer of Italian descent.	Francesco Di Jorio	22 September 1973
date of birth	Suzana Herculano-Houzel (born 1972) is a Brazilian neuroscientist.	Suzana Herculano-Houzel	1972
date of birth	Melanie Purkiss (born, 11 March 1979) is a British track and field athlete.	Melanie Purkiss	11 March 1979
date of birth	Jan Dusík (born 25 April 1975) is a Czech politician, former Minister of Environment, activist and since 18 July 2011 working in the regional office for Europe of the United Nations Environment Programme in Geneva; he has been the Acting Director of the Office since 1 December 2011.	Jan Dusík	25 April 1975
date of birth	Ken Costa (born c. 1949) is a London-based South African banker and Christian philanthropist.	Ken Costa	1949
date of birth	Şehzade Korkut (1467--1513) was an Ottoman prince who was a short time regent for the Ottoman throne.	Şehzade Korkut	1467
date of birth	Thomas Jay Oord (born November 10, 1965) is a theologian, philosopher, and scholar of multidisciplinary studies who teaches at Northwest Nazarene University in Nampa, Idaho.	Thomas Jay Oord	1965
date of birth	Randolph Schwabe, (9 May 1885 -- 19 September 1948), was a draughtsmen, painter and etcher who was the Slade Professor of Fine Art at University College London from 1930 until his death.	Randolph Schwabe	9 May 1885
date of birth	Ara Abrahamian (Armenian: Արա Աբրահամյան; born 27 July 1975 in Leninakan, Armenian SSR, Soviet Union) is an Armenian-Swedish wrestler in Greco-Roman wrestling.	Ara Abrahamian	27 July 1975
date of birth	Wilhelm Sissener (30 April 1779 - 29 December 1846) was a Belgian-born military leader.	Wilhelm Sissener	30 April 1779
date of birth	Mahmoud Saeed (born 1939) is an Iraqi-born American award-winning novelist.	Mahmoud Saeed	1939
date of birth	Monneba, also spelled Moneba and other ways, (fl. c. 1630) was a local Duala leader on the Cameroon coast in the 1630s.	Monneba	1630
date of birth	Ena Cremona (born 1936) is a Maltese judge, she was a judge at the European Union General Court between 12 May 2004 and 22 March 2012.	Ena Cremona	1936
date of birth	Mark Craib (born 8 February 1970) is a Scottish footballer, who played in the Scottish Football League for Dundee and Montrose.	Mark Craib	8 February 1970
date of birth	Frederick Jelinek (18 November 1932 -- 14 September 2010) was a Czech-American researcher in information theory, automatic speech recognition, and natural language processing.	Frederick Jelinek	18 November 1932
date of birth	Xu Da (1332--1385), courtesy name Tiande, was a Chinese military general who lived in the late Yuan dynasty and early Ming dynasty.	Xu Da	1332
date of birth	Nanyue Huisi (Chinese: 南嶽慧思, 515-577), was an eminent Chinese Buddhist monk, traditionally regarded as the third patriarch of the Tiantai school.	Nanyue Huisi	515
date of birth	Yang Jianhou (1839--1917), or Yang Chien-hou, was the younger son of the founder of Yang-style t'ai chi ch'uan, Yang Lu-ch'an, and a well known teacher of the soft style martial art of t'ai chi ch'uan (taijiquan) in late Qing dynasty China.	Yang Jianhou	1839
date of birth	Antoine-Félix Boisselier (22 May 1790 -- 29 April 1857), known as Boisselier le Jeune to distinguish him from his brother Félix Boisselier, was a French painter.	Antoine-Félix Boisselier	22 May 1790
date of birth	Ben Bruce Blakeney (30 July 1908, Shawnee, Oklahoma -- March 4, 1963) was an American lawyer who served with the rank of major during the Second World War in the Pacific theatre.	Ben Bruce Blakeney	30 July 1908
date of birth	Terence Main is an American modernist sculptor who was born in 1954.	Terence Main	1954
date of birth	Amitai Etzioni (born Werner Falk, 4 January 1929) is an Israeli-American sociologist, best known for his work on socioeconomics and communitarianism.	Amitai Etzioni	4 January 1929
date of birth	Warren M. Washington (born 1936) is an American atmospheric scientist, a former chair of the National Science Board, and currently senior scientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) in Boulder, Colorado.	Warren M. Washington	1936
date of birth	Abdul Wahid bin Haji Ahmad, also known as Wahid Satay, A. Wahid or S.M. Wahid (1930), is a Singaporean-Malaysian veteran actor, singer, comedian & director.	Wahid Satay	1930
date of birth	Tony Dakota (born 1981) is a former child actor of the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Tony Dakota	1981
date of birth	Denny Lawrence (born 1951 in Sydney) is an Australian actor, writer, producer and director of television, theatre and film.	Denny Lawrence	1951
date of birth	Hadidjah (Perfected Spelling: Hadijah; 13 June 1923 -- 10 October 2013) was an Indonesian film actress best known for partnership with Moh Mochtar in seven films released by Java Industrial Film between 1939 and 1941.	Hadidjah	13 June 1923
date of birth	Joe Periton was born on 8 March 1901 in .	Joe Periton	8 March 1901
date of birth	Ihar Boki (Belarusian: Ігар Аляксандравіч Бокій; born on 28 June 1994) is a visually impaired Belarusian Paralympic swimmer.	Ihar Boki	28 June 1994
date of birth	Ron Alexander (born 10 December 1950) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and West Australian Football League (WAFL) as well as being the inaugural coach of the West Coast Eagles.	Ron Alexander	10 December 1950
date of birth	Gareth Wright (born 20 November 1981) is a Welsh professional golfer who made the cut at the 2013 Open Championship, one of only two Welshmen to make the cut (the other being Jamie Donaldson).	Gareth Wright	20 November 1981
date of birth	Donald Luskin (born April 1954) is Chief Investment Officer for Trend Macrolytics LLC, a consulting firm providing investment strategy and macroeconomics forecasting and research for institutional investors.	Donald Luskin	1954
date of birth	Ashenafi Kebede (Amharic: አሸናፊ ከበደ?; 1938 -- May 8, 1998) was an Ethiopian composer, conductor, ethnomusicologist, historical musicologist, music educator, novelist, and poet.	Ashenafi Kebede	1938
date of birth	Hermenfredus (born 633) was a medieval Galician clergyman.	Hermenfredus	633
date of birth	Konda Bhaskar Arun Karthik (born 15 February 1986 in Walajapet, Tamil Nadu) is an Indian cricketer, who currently plays for Assam and was a member of the Royal Challengers Bangalore squad.	Arun Karthik	15 February 1986
date of birth	Tang Mengni (Chinese: 汤梦妮, born 8 April 1994 in Shanghai) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming.	Tang Mengni	8 April 1994
date of birth	Pedro Marín (born 22 November 1961) is a Spanish pop singer, actor and TV performer.	Pedro Marín	22 November 1961
date of birth	Pablo Lastras García (born 20 January 1976 in Madrid) is a Spanish former racing cyclist who rode for Spanish UCI ProTour team Movistar Team.	Pablo Lastras	20 January 1976
date of birth	Dan Noble, also known as Daniel Dyson, (1846-?) was an English gentleman burglar, confidence man, sneak thief and pickpocket active in the United States during the mid-to late 19th century.	Dan Noble	1846
date of birth	Duane Ackerson (born 1942) is an American writer of speculative poetry and fiction.	Duane Ackerson	1942
date of birth	Iago Díaz Fernández (born 10 February 1993) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for UD Almería mainly as a left winger.	Iago Díaz	10 February 1993
date of birth	Akimi Barada (茨田 陽生, born 30 May 1991) is a Japanese football player.	Akimi Barada	30 May 1991
date of birth	Klaus Linde (born 1960 in Munich) is a German physician and alternative medicine researcher.	Klaus Linde	1960
date of birth	Johann Gotthelf Lindner (11 September 1729 -- 29 March 1776) was a German university teacher and writer at the time of the eighteenth century Enlightenment.	Johann Gotthelf Lindner	11 September 1729
date of birth	Huang Shih-Feng (born 2 March 1992) is a Taiwanese track and field athlete who competes in the javelin throw.	Huang Shih-Feng	2 March 1992
date of birth	Charles Weston, 3rd Earl of Portland (19 May 1639 -- 3 June 1665) was the only son and heir of the 2nd Earl of Portland and Lady Frances Stuart.	Charles Weston, 3rd Earl of Portland	19 May 1639
date of birth	Robin Oakley, OBE (born 20 August 1941) in Kidderminster, Worcestershire is a British journalist.	Robin Oakley	20 August 1941
date of birth	(Ronald) Shane Love (born 30 August 1961) is an Australian politician.	Shane Love	30 August 1961
date of birth	Issawi Frej (Arabic: عيسوي فريج‎; Hebrew: עיסאווי פריג'‎, born 14 December 1963) is an Israeli Arab politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for Meretz.	Issawi Frej	14 December 1963
date of birth	Jaime Guardia (born 10 February 1933) is a Peruvian singer and charango player.	Jaime Guardia	10 February 1933
date of birth	Henry Gibson ``Seaman'' Dan (born 25 August 1929), known as Seaman Dan, an Indigenous Australian, is a Torres Strait Islander singer-songwriter with a national and international reputation whose first recording was released in 2000.	Seaman Dan	1929
date of death	Otto Vasilievich Bremer (died 11 November 1873) was a Russian naturalist and entomologist.	Otto Vasilievich Bremer	11 November 1873
date of death	Allvar Gullstrand (5 June 1862 -- 28 July 1930) was a Swedish ophthalmologist and optician.	Allvar Gullstrand	28 July 1930
date of death	Niels Moeller Lund (Born, Faaborg, Denmark, 1863 - Died, London, 1916) (Danish: Niels Møller Lund) was a Danish artist.	Niels Moeller Lund	1916
date of death	Áed mac Dlúthaig (died 701) was a King of Fir Cúl in Brega of the Síl nDlúthaig sept of the Síl nÁedo Sláine of Brega.	Áed mac Dlúthaig	701
date of death	Peter Parsons (1951--1993) was a ceramic artist.	Peter Parsons	1993
date of death	Nicola Antonio Stigliola (Also: Colantonio Stelliola) (1546 Nola -- 1623 Naples) was an Italian philosopher, printer, architect, and medical doctor.	Nicola Antonio Stigliola	1623
date of death	Suhas Shirvalkar (Devnagari:सुहास शिरवळकर- सुशि ) (15 November 1948 -- 11 July 2003) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Suhas Shirvalkar	2003
date of death	Refo Çapari (1884--1944) was an Albanian politician and religious leader.	Refo Çapari	1944
date of death	Francis Merewether (c.1674-1718), of Bulkington, Keevil, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	Francis Merewether	1718
date of death	Herbert Tobias (14 December 1924 - 17 August 1982) was a German photographer who first became well-known for his fashion photography during the 1950s.	Herbert Tobias	17 August 1982
date of death	Helmut Kunz (26 September 1910 -- 1976) was an SS dentist who, after the suicide of Adolf Hitler, was ordered to administer anesthetic to the six children of Joseph Goebbels before they were killed.	Helmut Kunz	1976
date of death	Yuan An 袁安 (styled Shaogong 邵公, died 9 April 92) was a prominent scholar, administrator and statesman at the Han Dynasty courts of Emperor Zhang and Emperor He.	Yuan An	9 April 92
date of death	Edith Haldeman (April 17, 1905 -- October 1984) was an American child actress of the early silent film era.	Edith Haldeman	1984
date of death	Ricardo Guerra Tejada (10 February 1927 -- 30 May 2007) was a philosopher, journalist, diplomat, and civil servant.	Ricardo Guerra Tejada	30 May 2007
date of death	William Henry Foote (1794-1869) was an American Presbyterian minister in Virginia and North Carolina.	William Henry Foote	1869
date of death	Kathleen Kylie Tennant AO (/ˈkaɪliː/; 12 March 1912 -- 28 February 1988) was an Australian novelist, playwright, short-story writer, critic, biographer and historian.	Kylie Tennant	28 February 1988
date of death	William Henry Baldwin (3 November 1827 -- 17 October 1894) was a shipbuilder from Quebec who came from a ship building families on both sides of his family.	William Henry Baldwin	17 October 1894
date of death	Jens Oliver Lisberg (24 December 1896 -- 31 August 1920) (Jens Olivur Lisberg in modern Faroese) is one of the designers of the Merkið, the flag of the Faroe Islands.	Jens Oliver Lisberg	31 August 1920
date of death	Staf De Clercq (16 September 1884 -- 22 October 1942) was a Flemish nationalist collaborator, co-founder and leader of the Flemish nationalist Vlaamsch Nationaal Verbond (Flemish National League, or VNV).	Staf De Clercq	22 October 1942
date of death	Brigitta Sahlgren, née Ekmarck (1694 - 12 May 1771 in Gothenburg), was a Swedish businessperson.	Brigitta Sahlgren	12 May 1771
date of death	Thomas Godden, real name Tylden (1624 in Addington, Kent -- 1 December 1688 in London) was an English courtier and Catholic priest implicated in the Titus Oates plot.	Thomas Godden	1 December 1688
date of death	Grace Zia Chu (1899--1999) was an author of Chinese cookbooks and a landmark figure in American Chinese culinary world.	Grace Zia Chu	1999
date of death	Gregory Aristarchis (Greek: Γρηγόριος Αριστάρχης; died 1915), also known as Aristarchi Bey, was an Ottoman diplomat of Greek ethnicity, author of a corpus of Ottoman legislation.	Gregory Aristarchis	1915
date of death	Samuel Colgate (1822--1897), son of William Colgate (1783--1857), was an American manufacturer and philanthropist, born in New York City.	Samuel Colgate	1897
date of death	Philip Moeller (26 August 1880 -- 26 April 1958) was an American stage producer and director, playwright and screenwriter, born in New York where he helped found the short-lived Washington Square Players and then with Lawrence Langner and Helen Westley founded the Theatre Guild.	Philip Moeller	26 April 1958
date of death	Fidel Luña (died 2 January 1966) was a Mexican fencer.	Fidel Luña	2 January 1966
date of death	St Vincent Whitshed Erskine (1846 - 1918), Surveyor General of South Africa, was an early explorer in Gazaland and was the first European to travel down the length of the Limpopo river to its mouth.	St Vincent Whitshed Erskine	1918
date of death	Andrew Lang (31 March 1844 -- 20 July 1912) was a Scottish poet, novelist, literary critic, and contributor to the field of anthropology.	Andrew Lang	20 July 1912
date of death	Gertrude Pitzinger (15 August 1904 -- 15 September 1997) was a German contralto appearing in concert, especially singing Lieder.	Gertrude Pitzinger	15 September 1997
date of death	Saint Abundius the Sacristan (also Abonde, or, variously, Acontius) (died c. 564) was a sacristan of the Church of Saint Peter in Rome.	Abundius the Sacristan	564
date of death	Jean-Pierre Doumerc, born 7 October 1767 -- died 29 March 1847, joined a French cavalry regiment at the beginning of the French Revolution and rose in rank to command a cuirassier regiment by the start of the First French Empire.	Jean-Pierre Doumerc	29 March 1847
date of death	Everett Glass (23 July 1891 -- 22 March 1966) was an American character actor who appeared in more than eighty films and television shows from the 1940s through the 1960s, including Invasion of the Body Snatchers (1956) and episodes of Adventures of Superman, Lassie, and Perry Mason.	Everett Glass	22 March 1966
date of death	Peter Farb (1929--1980) was an American author, anthropologist, linguist, ecologist, biologist, and spokesman for conservation.	Peter Farb	1980
date of death	Rhondda Gillespie (4 August 1941 -- 30 December 2010) was an Australian-born classical pianist who resided primarily in the United Kingdom and Barbados.	Rhondda Gillespie	30 December 2010
date of death	Werner von Bolton (8. April 1868 -- 28. October 1912) was a German chemist and materials scientist.	Werner von Bolton	1912
date of death	Santosh Kumar Ghosh (Bengali: সন্তোষকুমার ঘোষ) (9 September 1920 -- 26 February 1985) was an eminent Bengali litterateur and a journalist of repute.	Santosh Kumar Ghosh	26 February 1985
date of death	Robert Krasker, B.S.C., A.S.C. (21 August 1913 -- 16 August 1981) was an Australian cinematographer who worked on more than fifty films in his career.	Robert Krasker	16 August 1981
date of death	Daniel Farrant (1575--1651) was an English composer, viol player and instrument maker.	Daniel Farrant	1651
date of death	Forsyth Wickes (1876-1964) was an art collector and philanthropist.	Forsyth Wickes	1964
date of death	Lance Arnold (6 May 1926 -- 31 January 1990) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in the 1940s and 1950s.	Lance Arnold	31 January 1990
date of death	Mortimer Grimshaw (1824 or 1825 -- 22 December 1869) was an English political activist, strike leader and cotton weaver.	Mortimer Grimshaw	22 December 1869
date of death	George Arnold Escher (10 May 1843 -- 14 June 1939) was a Dutch civil engineer and a foreign advisor to the Japanese government during the Meiji period.	George Arnold Escher	14 June 1939
date of death	Jacques Baudry de Lamarche (baptized 13 September 1676 -- ca. 1738) was the son of a Canadian craftsman from Trois-Rivières who moved to France at some point in his youth.	Jacques Baudry de Lamarche	1738
date of death	Dalmatius of Pavia (Italian: San Dalmazzo, Dalmazio) (died 254 or 304 AD) is venerated as a saint by the Roman Catholic Church.	Dalmatius of Pavia	304
date of death	Salim Ahmed Ghoush (22 April 1951 -- 2 February 2010), better known by his stage name Cochin Haneefa, was an Indian film actor, director, and screenwriter.	Cochin Haneefa	2 February 2010
date of death	Theetta Rappai (Malayalam: തീറ്റ റപ്പായി, 1942 - 9 December 2006) was an Indian competitive eater who used to eat enormous quantities of food.	Theetta Rappai	9 December 2006
date of death	Henry Taylor Parker (29 April 1867--30 March 1934), ``known for many years largely by his initials H. T. P.'', was an American theater and music critic.	Henry Taylor Parker	30 March 1934
date of death	Sir John Baker, 2nd Baronet (c. 1608 -- 15 January 1653) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England in 1640.	Sir John Baker, 2nd Baronet	1653
date of death	Sir George Amyand, 1st Baronet (26 September 1720 -- 16 August 1766) was a British Whig politician, physician and merchant.	George Amyand	16 August 1766
date of death	Jabez Burns (December 18, 1805-- January 31, 1876) was an English nonconformist divine and Christian philosophical writer.	Jabez Burns	1876
date of death	Aron Baron (Russian: Аро́н Дави́дович Ба́рон; 1 July 1891 - 12 August 1937) was an anarcho-syndicalist revolutionary and theorist, brother of the Red Cossacks Army Ataman Mikhail Baron.	Aron Baron	12 August 1937
date of death	Cao Ren (168--223), courtesy name Zixiao, was a military general serving under the warlord Cao Cao in the late Eastern Han dynasty.	Cao Ren	223
date of death	D. N. Madhok (22 October 1902 -- 9 July 1982) was a prominent lyricist of Bollywood in the 1940s to 1960s.	D. N. Madhok	9 July 1982
date of death	George Adam Scott (December 11, 1874 -- 1963) was a Canadian provincial politician.	George Adam Scott	1963
date of death	Ansemund was the Gothic count of Nîmes, ruling from 752 until his death in 754.	Ansemund	754
date of death	Amar Nath Kak (1889--1963) was a prominent Kashmiri lawyer and author whose most important books are Hamara Vrittanta and the Gayatri, both written in Hindi.	Amar Nath Kak	1963
date of death	Philip Pugh (1679 -- 12 July 1760) was a Welsh minister.	Philip Pugh	1760
date of death	Perley A. Thomas (1874-1958) was a Canadian-born American industrialist and entrepreneur.	Perley A. Thomas	1958
date of death	Philip Bermingham (c.1420-1490) was an Irish judge who held the office of Lord Chief Justice of Ireland.	Philip Bermingham	1490
date of death	Blas de Hinojos was a military commander of New Mexico who was killed by a force of Navajo warriors led by Narbona in 1835.	Blas de Hinojos	1835
date of death	Camillo Baldi (1550 -- 24 March 1637), also known as Camillus Baldus and Camillo Baldo, was an Italian philosopher.	Camillo Baldi	24 March 1637
date of death	Joseph Brotherton (22 May 1783 -- 7 January 1857) was a reforming British politician, Nonconformist minister and pioneering vegetarian.	Joseph Brotherton	7 January 1857
date of death	Anton Eggstein (3 March 1780, Burgau - 13 March 1819, Munich) was a German brewer and politician, most notable as a member of the first-ever Landtag of Bavaria.	Anton Eggstein	13 March 1819
date of death	Knud Leem (born 13 February 1697 -- died 27 February 1774) was a Norwegian priest and linguist, most known for his work with the Sami people and the Sami languages.	Knud Leem	27 February 1774
date of death	Florence Jessie MacWilliams (4 January 1917 -- 27 May 1990) was an English mathematician who contributed to the field of coding theory.	Jessie MacWilliams	27 May 1990
date of death	J. J. Hilder (23 July 1881 -- 10 April 1916), also known as Jesse Jewhurst Hilder, was an Australian watercolourist.	J. J. Hilder	10 April 1916
date of death	Samuel Fryar (4 February 1863 -- 4 October 1938) was an Irish solicitor, councillor and politician from Northern Ireland.	Samuel Fryar	4 October 1938
date of death	Felix Tijerina (1905--1965) was a Mexican-American restaurateur, activist, and philanthropist in Houston, TX.	Felix Tijerina	1965
date of death	Adam Curle (4 July 1916 -- 28 September 2006) was a British academic and Quaker peace activist.	Adam Curle	28 September 2006
date of death	George Logie-Smith OBE (2 December 1914 -- 19 April 2007) was an Australian orchestra and choral conductor, music examiner, and music educator.	George Logie-Smith	19 April 2007
date of death	Ali-paša Rizvanbegović-Stočević (1783 -- 20 March 1851) Turkish:	Ali-paša Rizvanbegović	20 March 1851
date of death	Born Frederick Angus Benfield (5 April 1937 -- 25 October 2007), Fred Kirkham was an Australian Olympic-level rower, songwriter and Judge.	Fred Kirkham	25 October 2007
date of death	Christine Lavant (born Christine Thonhauser, mar. Christine Habernig; 4 July 1915 -- 7 June 1973) was an Austrian poet and novelist.	Christine Lavant	7 June 1973
date of death	William Jernagin (1870 - 1958) was an African-American Baptist pastor and Pan-African activist.	William Jernagin	1958
date of death	Oscar Ihlebæk (9 October 1900 -- 10 March 1945) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and resistance member.	Oscar Ihlebæk	10 March 1945
date of death	Sir Robert Williams, 2nd Baronet (ca. 1627--1678), was a politician in Wales.	Sir Robert Williams, 2nd Baronet	1678
date of death	Albert von Keller (27 April 1844 -- 14 July 1920) was a German historical and genre painter.	Albert von Keller	14 July 1920
date of death	John C. Marshall (1939--2007) was one of the United Kingdom's foremost experimental psychologists, whose research on language disorders and dyslexia helped pioneer the development of the influential discipline of psycholinguistics and cognitive neuropsychology.	John C. Marshall	2007
date of death	Peter Wherrett (9 June 1936 -- 23 March 2009) was an Australian motoring and motor sport journalist and race car driver.	Peter Wherrett	23 March 2009
date of death	William Stephenson (junior) (2 September 1797 in Gateshead - 20 May 1838) was a Geordie printer, publisher, auctioneer, poet and songwriter born in Gateshead, and son of William Stephenson (senior).	William Stephenson (senior)	20 May 1838
date of death	Carlo Mastrototaro (1920-2009) was an Italian-American gangster who served as a capo with the Genovese crime family, which was affiliated with the Patriarca crime family.	Carlo Mastrototaro	2009
date of death	Georg Ritter von Schönerer (17 July 1842 -- 14 August 1921) was an Austrian landowner and politician of the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy active in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Georg Ritter von Schönerer	14 August 1921
date of death	Léon Mignon (Liège, 9 April 1847 -- Schaerbeek, 30 September 1898) was a Belgian sculptor working in a realist idiom, known for his depiction of bulls.	Léon Mignon	1898
date of death	Frederick Fleet (15 October 1887 -- 10 January 1965) was a British sailor, crewman and survivor of the sinking of the RMS Titanic after it struck an iceberg on 14 April 1912.	Frederick Fleet	10 January 1965
date of death	John Stuart Hindmarsh (25 November 1907 -- 6 September 1938), also known as Johnny Hindmarsh, was an English racecar driver and aviator.	John Stuart Hindmarsh	6 September 1938
date of death	Alias Ali (c. 1939 -- 10 March 2014) was a Malaysian politician and former news editor of Bernama.	Alias Ali	10 March 2014
date of death	José Manuel Nava Sánchez (ca. 1954 -- 16 November 2006) was a veteran journalist and editor for the Excélsior newspaper, and columnist for the national daily El Sol de México.	José Manuel Nava Sánchez	16 November 2006
date of death	Viktor von Tschusi zu Schmidhoffen (28 December 1847--5 March 1924) was an Austrian ornithologist.	Viktor von Tschusi zu Schmidhoffen	5 March 1924
date of death	Paul Hoornaert (5 November 1888 -- 2 February 1944) was a Belgian far right political activist.	Paul Hoornaert	2 February 1944
date of death	Archibald Dalzel (1740 -- 1811) was a British adventurer and Governor of the Gold Coast (now Ghana).	Archibald Dalzel	1811
date of death	Charles Davidson Dunbar, DCM, (17 July 1870 -- 25 January 1939) was an orphan who grew up to become the first pipe major in Britain and the Empire to be commissioned as a pipe officer.	Charles Davidson Dunbar	25 January 1939
date of death	David Jung-Kuang Chiu ; (pinyin: Qiu Rong-Guang), (1936--2006), was a Chinese-born American leader in education, serving as both Professor and Dean at Hofstra University from 1970 to 2001 when he retired.	David Jung-Kuang Chiu	2006
date of death	Marceau Stricanne (1 January 1920 -- 25 July 2012) was a French footballer who played for Le Havre AC, EF Lens-Artois, CO Roubaix-Tourcoing and Stade Français Paris.	Marceau Stricanne	25 July 2012
date of death	Ananda Chandra Dutta (Assamese: আনন্দ চন্দ্ৰ দত্ত) (8 February 1923 -- 16 January 2016) was an Indian botanist of Assam.	Ananda Chandra Dutta	16 January 2016
date of death	Abd-Allah ibn Numayr (d. 199 AH/814) was an narrator of hadith.	Abd-Allah ibn Numayr	814
date of death	Mary Steele (November 1678 - 26 December 1718) (née Mary Scurlock) was the second wife of Sir Richard Steele, whom she married in 1707.	Mary Steele	26 December 1718
date of death	Major Hoyt Sherman (November 21, 1827 -- 1904), a member of the prominent Sherman family, was an American banker.	Hoyt Sherman	1904
date of death	Jagdish Chandra Mahindra (Hindi: जगदीश चंद्र महिंद्रा) commonly referred as J. C. Mahindra (c 1892-1951) was an Indian industrialist and co-founder of Mahindra & Mahindra in 1945, with K. C. Mahindra and Malik Ghulam Mohammed	Jagdish Chandra Mahindra	1951
date of death	James Sidney Drewry (1883 -- 14 December 1952) was a British engineer, born at Clapton, London.	James Sidney Drewry	14 December 1952
date of death	Irene Gattilusio, born Eugenia Gattilusio (died 1 June 1440) was the wife of John VII Palaiologos, a Byzantine Emperor in 1390.	Irene Gattilusio	1 June 1440
date of death	Sophie Bledsoe Aberle (21 July 1896 -- October 1996) was a Native American anthropologist , physician and nutritionist.	Sophie Bledsoe Aberle	October 1996
date of death	Pieter Daniël Eugenius Macpherson (Armentières (France), 4 April 1792 - Maastricht, 19 January 1846) was a Dutch member of the civil service, politician and King's Commissioner.	Pieter Daniël Eugenius Macpherson	1846
date of death	Al-Mansur Ahmad (d. 1853) was a Zaydiyya imam who claimed the rulership over Yemen in the years 1849-1853.	Al-Mansur Ahmad	1853
date of death	Gerrit van Dijk (5 December 1938 -- 4 December 2012) was a Dutch animator, film maker, actor and painter.	Gerrit van Dijk	4 December 2012
date of death	Otto Schulz-Kampfhenkel (27 August 1910 -- 21 August 1989) was a German geographer, explorer, writer and film producer.	Otto Schulz-Kampfhenkel	21 August 1989
date of death	Ingram Ball (1752 -- 18 March 1807) was British born and was an officer in the 33rd Regiment of Foot of the British army, reaching a rank of captain-lieutenant before resigning in 1780.	Ingram Ball	18 March 1807
date of death	George Noble (3 February 1891 -- 9 July 1949) was an Australian plumber, gasfitter, politician and member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for 1 term from 1947 to 1949.	George Noble	9 July 1949
date of death	J. Allen Boone (17 February 1882 -- 17 June 1965) was an American author of several books about nonverbal communication with animals in the 1940s and '50s.	J. Allen Boone	17 June 1965
date of death	Frank Wappat (17 February 1930 -- 17 February 2014) was an English radio personality, disc jockey and singer from Hebburn, County Durham.	Frank Wappat	17 February 2014
date of death	George Elers (14 May 1777 -- 1842) was a Captain in the Suffolk Regiment.	George Elers	1842
date of death	Bjørge Lillelien (29 March 1927 -- 26 October 1987) was a Norwegian sports journalist and commentator for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation.	Bjørge Lillelien	26 October 1987
date of death	Esmaeil Elmkhah (Persian: اسماعیل علم‌خواه‎, born December 30, Rasht 1936 -- deceased 1989) was an Iranian weightlifter.	Esmaeil Elmkhah	1989
date of death	Dominic McGlinchey (1953/1954 -- 10 February 1994) was a member of the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA), an Irish republican paramilitary group.	Dominic McGlinchey	10 February 1994
date of death	Bachtiar Effendi (also spelled Bachtiar Effendy; after 1903 -- 1 April 1976) was an Indonesian film actor and director who also served as a cultural critic.	Bachtiar Effendi	1 April 1976
date of death	Yosef Zvi HaLevy (Hebrew: יוסף צבי הלוי‎, born 1874, died 13 March 1960) was an Israeli rabbi and head of the rabbinical court for Tel Aviv-Yafo.	Yosef Zvi HaLevy	13 March 1960
date of death	Vegunta Mohan Prasad, (15 July 1942 -- 3 August 2011) was a Telugu poet, critic, translator and writer.	Vegunta Mohan Prasad	3 August 2011
date of death	James Tunstall (1708?--1762) was an English cleric and classical scholar.	James Tunstall	1762
date of death	Syms Covington (1816--1861) was a fiddler and cabin boy on HMS Beagle who became an assistant to Charles Darwin and was appointed as his personal servant in 1833, continuing in Darwin's service after the voyage until 1839.	Syms Covington	1861
date of death	Vivian Conley (1922-1993) was a civil rights activist active in Muncie, Indiana.	Vivian Conley	1993
date of death	Cristoforo Buondelmonti (1386 - c. 1430) was an Italian monk and traveler, and a pioneer in promoting first-hand knowledge of Greece and its antiquities throughout the Western world.	Cristoforo Buondelmonti	1430
date of death	Saint Columba of Spain, or Columba of Cordova (Cordoba), was a nun who was born in Cordoba, Spain and died around 853.	Columba of Spain	853
date of death	Jack Scales (2 September 1897 -- 13 March 1973) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Scales	13 March 1973
date of death	Henry Arthington (1615 -- 19 June 1671) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1646 and 1660.	Henry Arthington	19 June 1671
date of death	Pere Caselles i Tarrats (1 November 1864 - 28 July 1935) was a Spanish Catalan Modernist architect.	Pere Caselles i Tarrats	28 July 1935
date of death	General Sir Peregrine Maitland, GCB (6 July 1777 -- 30 May 1854) was a British soldier and colonial administrator.	Peregrine Maitland	30 May 1854
date of death	Anthonie Blocklandt van Montfoort, Anthonie van Blocklandt or Anthonie van Montfoort (1533 or 1534 - 18 October 1583) was a Dutch painter	Anthonie Blocklandt van Montfoort	1583
date of death	Dušan J. Popović (1894--1985) was a Serbian historian, a professor at the University of Belgrade.	Dušan J. Popović	1985
date of death	Christian Anker-Larsen (27 August 1905 -- 1971) was a Norwegian athlete and newspaper editor.	Christian Anker-Larsen	1971
date of death	Richard E. Ripple (1931--2010) was an American educational psychologist.	Richard E. Ripple	2010
date of death	Everett Joel Hall (1879--1931) was a professor of assaying at Columbia University and founded the Metals Disintegrating Company to produce metal powders such as aluminium powder.	Everett Joel Hall	1931
date of death	Thomas E. Leavey (1897-1980) was an American business executive, rancher, and philanthropist.	Thomas E. Leavey	1980
date of death	Vameq I Dadiani (Georgian: ვამეყ I დადიანი; died 1396) was a member of the House of Dadiani and eristavi (``duke'') of Odishi in western Georgia from 1384 until his death.	Vameq I Dadiani	1396
date of death	Professor Maheswar Neog (7 September 1915 -- 13 September 1995) was an Indian academic who specialised in the cultural history of the North East India especially Assam, besides being a Assamese-language scholar and poet.	Maheswar Neog	1995
date of death	Margaret, Countess of Anjou (1273 -- 31 December 1299) was Countess of Anjou and Maine in her own right and Countess of Valois, Alençon, Chartres and Perche by marriage.	Margaret, Countess of Anjou	31 December 1299
date of death	Maria Branwell (15 April 1783 -- 15 September 1821) was the mother of British writers Emily Brontë, Anne Brontë and Charlotte Brontë, and of their brother, Branwell Brontë, who was a poet and painter.	Maria Branwell	15 September 1821
date of death	Johann Eduard Simon (18 September 1789 -- 19 June 1856) was an apothecary in Berlin, Germany.	Eduard Simon	19 June 1856
date of death	Tang Xiangming (Chinese: 汤芗铭) (1885 -- 1975) was a Chinese naval officer.	Tang Xiangming	1975
date of death	Michael Joseph François Scheidweiler (1 August 1799 -- 24 September 1861), was a German-born professor of botany and taxonomist, whose main area of interest was the Cactaceae.	Michael Joseph François Scheidweiler	24 September 1861
date of death	Dorothy Shakespear (14 September 1886 -- 8 December 1973 in London), daughter of novelist Olivia Shakespear, was an English artist who married American poet Ezra Pound.	Dorothy Shakespear	8 December 1973
date of death	Henry Martyn Cundy (23 December 1913 -- 25 February 2005) was a mathematics teacher and professor in Britain and Malawi as well as a singer, musician and poet.	Martyn Cundy	25 February 2005
date of death	Tony Sansone (1905--1987) was an Italian-American bodybuilder and model.	Tony Sansone	1987
date of death	John Hunter Blair (died 31 December 1964) was a British television producer.	John Hunter Blair	31 December 1964
date of death	Antoine Jacson (c. 1725 -- 6 December 1803) was a Canadian soldier and wood carver.	Antoine Jacson	6 December 1803
date of death	Countess Donata of Castell-Rüdenhausen (German: Donata Gräfin zu Castell-Rüdenhausen; 20 June 1950, Rüdenhausen, Unterfranken, Germany - 5 September 2015, Traunstein, Oberbayern, Germany) was a member of German nobility.	Countess Donata of Castell-Rüdenhausen	5 September 2015
date of death	Karel Hájek (Lásenice nad Nežárkou, 22 January 1900 - Prague, 31 March 1978) was a Czech photographer.	Karel Hájek	31 March 1978
date of death	Johan Damius (1570 -- 15 December 1648), was a Dutch Golden Age member of the Haarlem schutterij.	Johan Damius	15 December 1648
date of death	Giovanni Antonio Bellinzoni da Pesaro (1415-1477) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance.	Giovanni Antonio Bellinzoni da Pesaro	1477
date of death	Shamadavle Dadiani (also Shamandavle or Shamandavla; Georgian: შამადავლე დადიანი; died 1474) was a member of the House of Dadiani and eristavi (``duke'') of Odishi (Mingrelia) in western Georgia from 1470 until his death.	Shamadavle Dadiani	1474
date of death	René Hardy (31 October 1911 - 12 April 1987) was a member of the French Resistance during World War II. Having rendered dedicated and valuable service as a member of the resistance group Combat, he was nevertheless suspected of being instrumental in the arrest of Jean Moulin and other resitants.	René Hardy	12 April 1987
date of death	Friederike Brun, née Münther (3 June 1765 -- 25 March 1835), was a Danish author and salonist.	Friederike Brun	25 March 1835
date of death	Archibald Read Richardson FRS (21 August 1881 -- 4 November 1954) was a British mathematician known for his work in algebra.	Archibald Read Richardson	4 November 1954
date of death	Thomas Howard, 16th Earl of Suffolk, 9th Earl of Berkshire (18 August 1776 -- 4 December 1851), Viscount Andover, Baron Howard of Charleton, Colonel of the Wiltshire Militia and FSA, was a British peer and politician.	Thomas Howard, 16th Earl of Suffolk	4 December 1851
date of death	Cathcart Anthony Muir West (1910--1988), who wrote under the name of Anthony C. West, was an Irish writer of novels, short stories, poems, and essays.	Anthony C. West	1988
date of death	Zuo Si (Chinese characters: 左思; Hanyu Pinyin: Zuǒ Sī) (250--305), courtesy name Taichong (太沖), was a writer and poet of the Western Jin.	Zuo Si	305
date of death	Mohammad Hashem Zamani died due to a heart attack on 10 June 2005, in Hayward,Ca at the age of 76.	Mohammad Hashem Zamani	10 June 2005
date of death	Prince Aditya Dibabha Abhakara (Thai: อาทิตย์ทิพอาภา; rtgs: Athitthip-apha, 24 July 1900 -- 19 May 1946) was a member of the Thai Royal Family and a Siamese political figure.	Aditya Dibabha Abhakara	19 May 1946
date of death	Sir Hugh Kerr Anderson, FRS (6 July 1865 -- 2 November 1928) was a British physiologist, and educator.	Hugh Kerr Anderson	2 November 1928
date of death	John Tillinghast (1604--1655) was an English clergyman and Fifth-monarchy man.	John Tillinghast	1655
date of death	Felipe de Neve (1724--1784) was fourth governor of Alta California, from 1775 to 1782.	Felipe de Neve	1784
date of death	Léonce-Albert Van Peteghem (7 October 1916 -- 7 January 2004) was a Belgian Roman Catholic Bishop.	Léonce-Albert Van Peteghem	7 January 2004
date of death	Edward Leigh, 5th Baron Leigh (1742--1786) was descended from Thomas Leigh, Lord Mayor of London in 1558, and inherited the Leigh family seat at Stoneleigh Abbey, Stoneleigh, Warwickshire following the death of father Thomas Leigh, 4th Baron Leigh in 1749.	Edward Leigh, 5th Baron Leigh	1786
date of death	Robert George Dean (died 1989) was an American author of detective fiction.	Robert George Dean	1989
date of death	Harry Rasky, CM, O.Ont (9 May 1928 -- 9 April 2007) was a Canadian documentary film producer.	Harry Rasky	9 April 2007
date of death	William Tooker (or Tucker) (Exeter, 1557 or 1558 -- Salisbury, 19 March 1621) was an English churchman and theological writer.	William Tooker	1621
date of death	Carlo Infascelli (31 August 1913 - 30 October 1984) was an Italian producer, director, screenwriter and journalist.	Carlo Infascelli	30 October 1984
date of death	Les Minto (11 July 1886 -- 30 March 1955) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Les Minto	30 March 1955
date of death	Sir Kalutaravedage Deepal Susantha de Fonseka, KBE (1900--1963) was a Sri Lankan statesmen and diplomat.	Susantha de Fonseka	1963
date of death	Henry George Simpson (Born 1822 - Died 30 August 1898 ) was a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council.	Henry George Simpson	30 August 1898
date of death	Justine Cathrine Rosenkrantz (1659--1746) was a Dano--	Justine Cathrine Rosenkrantz	1746
date of death	Nicolò Venier (ca. 1483 -- 1530) was a Lord of Paros.	Nicolò Venier	1530
date of death	Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu (Tamil: பாக்கியசோதி சரவணமுத்து; 26 October 1892 -- 28 May 1950; also known as P. Sara) was a Ceylonese civil servant and sports administrator.	Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu	28 May 1950
date of death	Henri Hiltl (born Heinrich Hiltl) (8 October 1910-25 November 1982) was an Austrian, naturalized French footballer.	Henri Hiltl	25 November 1982
date of death	Robert Adkins (1626 -- 28 March 1685), often misspelled ``Atkins'' in the ``Nonconformists' Memorial'', was one of the most notable of the two thousand ejected ministers of 1662.	Robert Adkins	28 March 1685
date of death	Thomas FitzWilliam, 4th Viscount FitzWilliam (c.1640--1704) was an Irish nobleman and statesman; he was a leading Irish Jacobite, and a political figure of some importance during the Williamite War in Ireland.	Thomas FitzWilliam, 4th Viscount FitzWilliam	1704
date of death	Anneliese von Oettingen (22 January 1917 -- 9 December 2002) was a ballerina and influential ballet teacher and choreographer.	Anneliese von Oettingen	9 December 2002
date of death	Tom Crosslin (c. 1955 -- September 3, 2001) was a marijuana activist who was shot and killed on his ``Rainbow Farm'' by an FBI agent.	Tom Crosslin	2001
date of death	Donal II O'Donovan (Irish: Domhnall Ó Donnabháin), The O'Donovan of Clann Cathail, Lord of Clancahill (died 1639), was the son of Ellen O'Leary, daughter of O'Leary of Carrignacurra, and Donal of the Skins, The O'Donovan of Clann Cathail.	Donal II O'Donovan	1639
date of death	Watson Davis (1896--1967) was the founder of the American Documentation Institute (ADI), the forerunner of the Association for Information Science and Technology, and a pioneer in the field of Library and Information Science.	Watson Davis	1967
date of death	Dhimitër Mborja Emanoili (1884--1945) was an Albanian politician, businessman and benefactor.	Dhimitër Mborja	1945
date of death	George Shadbolt (1817--1901) was a British writer, editor, student of optics and photographer with a strong interest in innovative techniques, who was active during the 1850s-1860s.	George Shadbolt	1901
date of death	Christopher Alexander Hagerman (28 March 1792 -- 14 May 1847) was a Canadian militia officer, lawyer, administrator, politician, and judge.	Christopher Alexander Hagerman	14 May 1847
date of death	Béatrice Hiéronyme de Lorraine (1 July 1662--9 February 1738) was a member of the House of Lorraine and was the Abbess of Remiremont.	Béatrice Hiéronyme de Lorraine	9 February 1738
date of death	Sir Sidney Ford, MBE (29 August 1909--13 August 1983) was a British trade union leader.	Sidney Ford	1983
date of death	Henry Fitzsimon (Fitz Simon) (1566 or 1569 in Dublin, Ireland -- 29 November 1643 or 1645, probably at Kilkenny) was an Irish Jesuit controversialist.	Henry Fitzsimon	1643
date of death	Engelbert Ergo or Engel Ergo (c. 1615 -- after 1652) was a Flemish Baroque painter of history paintings and landscapes.	Engelbert Ergo	1652
date of death	Julius, Count of Lippe-Biesterfeld (German: Julius Peter Hermann August Graf und Edler Herr zur Lippe-Biesterfeld; 2 April 1812 -- 17 May 1884) was Count of Lippe-Biesterfeld from 1840 to 1884 and father of Ernest II, regent of the Principality of Lippe.	Julius, Count of Lippe-Biesterfeld	17 May 1884
date of death	Olav Gullvåg (31 December 1885 - 25 September 1961) was a Norwegian playwright, novelist, poet and editor.	Olav Gullvåg	25 September 1961
date of death	Józef Sawa-Caliński (about 1736 -- May 1771) was a Polish noble and a prominent leader of the Confederation of Bar, a movement aimed against the Polish king and his close relations with Russia.	Józef Sawa-Caliński	1771
date of death	Faustino Oramas Osorio, better known as El Guayabero (4 June 1911 -- 27 March 2007), was a Cuban singer, tres guitarist and composer, the last surviving member of the traditional Cuban trova.	Faustino Oramas	27 March 2007
date of death	Onni Palaste, born Onni Bovellan (27 December 1917 - 1 July 2009) was a Finnish Winter War veteran and writer.	Onni Palaste	1 July 2009
date of death	Walraven I van Brederode (Santpoort, ca.1370/73 -- Gorinchem, 1 December 1417) was Burgrave of Stavoren from 1400 to 1401, lord of Brederode from 1402 to 1417, and Stadtholder of Holland from 1416 to 1417.	Walraven I van Brederode	1 December 1417
date of death	William Russell, 8th Duke of Bedford (1 July 1809 -- 27 May 1872) was a British Whig politician.	William Russell, 8th Duke of Bedford	27 May 1872
date of death	Leopold Suhodolčan (10 August 1928 -- 8 February 1980) was a Slovene writer, best known for his juvenile fiction.	Leopold Suhodolčan	8 February 1980
date of death	Mikołaj Siwicki (ukr Микола Сивiцький, Mykoła Sywićkyj; 20 October 1917 -- 13 January 2004) was a Ukrainian literary critic and historian (PhD in Ukrainian (literature)).	Mikołaj Siwicki	13 January 2004
date of death	Juana María de los Dolores de León Smith, Lady Smith (27 March 1798 -- 12 October 1872) was the wife of General Sir Harry Smith, Governor of the Cape Colony.	Juana María de los Dolores de León Smith	12 October 1872
date of death	André Dubonnet (28 June 1897 -- 20 January 1980) was a French flying ace, athlete, racecar driver, and inventor.	André Dubonnet	20 January 1980
date of death	Lakdhas Wikkrama Sinha (Sinhala: ලක්දාස් වික්‍රමසිංහ, 1941--1978) was a Sri Lankan poet who wrote in English and Sinhala.	Lakdhas Wikkrama Sinha	1978
date of death	Wang Zhaozuo (王昭祚) (died 921) was the oldest son and heir apparent of Wang Rong, the only ruler of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Zhao.	Wang Zhaozuo	921
date of death	Joseph Mayer Rice (20 May 1857 - 24 June 1934) was a physician, editor of The Forum magazine, and early advocate of progressive education in the United States.	Joseph Mayer Rice	24 June 1934
date of death	Annalena Tonelli (2 April 1943 -- 5 October 2003) was an Italian lawyer and social activist.	Annalena Tonelli	5 October 2003
date of death	Henri Victor Roulland , or Rouland (11 September or October 1751 -- 6 February 1827) was a French Brigadier General of the French Revolution and the French Revolutionary Wars.	Henri Victor Roulland	6 February 1827
date of death	Ola Mosafinn (14 July 1828 - 28 December 1912) was a Norwegian hardingfele fiddler and composer.	Ola Mosafinn	28 December 1912
date of death	Sir Francis Bernard, 1st Baronet (bapt. 12 July 1712 -- 16 June 1779) was a British colonial administrator who served as governor of the provinces of New Jersey and Massachusetts Bay.	Sir Francis Bernard, 1st Baronet	16 June 1779
date of death	Joshua William Brooks, M.A. was born in 1790 and died 15 February 1882: he was a priest in the Church of England.	Joshua William Brooks	1882
date of death	Giusto Bellavitis (22 November 1803 -- 6 November 1880) was an Italian mathematician, senator, and municipal councilor.	Giusto Bellavitis	6 November 1880
date of death	Mohamed ben Issa or al-Hadi ben Issa (also nicknamed Sheikh al-Kamil Arabic: الشيخ الكامل محمد بن عيسى‎; 1467--1526) was a Moroccan Wali and founder of the Triqa Issawiya.	Mohamed ben Issa	1526
date of death	Andrew Hatcher (1923 -- 1990) was an associate press secretary to President John F. Kennedy and a founder, in 1963, of 100 Black Men of America.	Andrew Hatcher	1990
date of death	Alexander Juhan (1765--1845) was a violinist, composer, and conductor.	Alexander Juhan	1845
date of death	Mikołaj Struś (1577-1627) (Korczak coat of arms) was a Colonel of the Polish Army, a starosta and commandant of the Polish-Lithuanian garrison in the occupied Moscow Kremlin.	Mikołaj Struś	1627
date of death	Alexander Fraser of Touchfraser and Cowie (died 11 August 1332) was a member of the Scottish nobility who served as the Lord Chamberlain of Scotland and also as the Sheriff of Stirling.	Alexander Fraser of Touchfraser and Cowie	11 August 1332
date of death	Kim McLagan (née Maryse Elizabeth Patricia Kerrigan; 30 December 1948 - 2 August 2006) was a British model during the 1960s.	Kim McLagan	2 August 2006
date of death	Ivar Aavatsmark (2 October 1916, Høylandet -- 29 August 2004) was a Norwegian corporate executive and forester from Høylandet.	Ivar Aavatsmark	29 August 2004
date of death	Harijs Mellups (1927--1950) was a Latvian football and ice hockey player.	Harijs Mellups	1950
date of death	Eric Sidney Higgs (1908--1976) was the founder of the ``Cambridge Palaeoeconomy School'', which focused on the economic aspects of archaeology.	Eric Sidney Higgs	1976
date of death	Thomas Herbert Elliot Jackson ( 12 January 1903 Dorset - 22 May 1968 Kitale) was an English entomologist best known for his studies of African butterflies.	Thomas Herbert Elliot Jackson	22 May 1968
date of death	Jeanne Coroller-Danio (25 May 1892, Mordelles -- 13 July 1944, Penguily) was a Breton nationalist and writer.	Jeanne Coroller-Danio	13 July 1944
date of death	The Very Rev. Thomas Newton Leeke, MA (17 January 1854 - 26 October 1933) was an Anglican priest.	Newton Leeke	26 October 1933
date of death	No Muong was king of the southern Laotian Kingdom of Champasak in 1811.	No Muong	1811
date of death	Paul Bayning, 1st Viscount Bayning of Sudbury in Suffolk (1588 -- 29 July 1629), previously known as Sir Paul Bayning and as Baron Bayning, was an English landed gentleman, created a peer in 1628.	Paul Bayning, 1st Viscount Bayning	1629
date of death	Eliza Kellas (October 4, 1864-April 10, 1943) was an American educator most known as former principal of Emma Willard School and co-founder of Russell Sage College.	Eliza Kellas	1943
date of death	Thomas Hanway Bigge (baptised 1784 -- 1824) was an English banker in Newcastle upon Tyne.	Thomas Hanway Bigge	1824
date of death	Matthew Cradock (also spelled Craddock and Craddocke) (died 27 May 1641) was a London merchant, politician, and the first governor of the Massachusetts Bay Company.	Matthew Cradock	27 May 1641
date of death	Leona Gabriel was a Martinican biguine singer, 1891--1971, born in Rivière-Pilote, Martinique).	Leona Gabriel	1971
date of death	Frank Aiken (13 February 1898 -- 18 May 1983) was an Irish politician and a commander of the Irish Republican Army.	Frank Aiken	18 May 1983
date of death	Anders Todal (18 March 1883 -- 6 March 1956) was a Norwegian teacher, politician and farmer.	Anders Todal	6 March 1956
date of death	Ellis Wynne (7 March 1671 -- 13 July 1734) was a Welsh clergyman and author of one of the most important and influential pieces of Welsh language literature.	Ellis Wynne	13 July 1734
date of death	Antonín Janoušek (22 August 1877, Nymburk -- 30 March 1941) was a Czech journalist and communist.	Antonín Janoušek	30 March 1941
date of death	John Saville born ``Orestes Stamatopoulos'' (2 April 1916 -- 13 June 2009) was a Greek-British Marxist historian, long associated with Hull University.	John Saville	13 June 2009
date of death	Lochlainn O'Raifeartaigh (/ˈlɒxlɪn oʊˈræfərti/; 11 March 1933 -- 18 November 2000) was an Irish physicist of worldwide repute in the field of theoretical particle physics.	Lochlainn O'Raifeartaigh	18 November 2000
date of death	Jules Dubois (31 March 1910, New York City - 15 August 1966, Bogotá) was a Latin America correspondent for the Chicago Tribune (1947--1966) and chairman of the Inter-American Press Association's press freedom committee, which he helped to organize in 1951.	Jules Dubois	15 August 1966
date of death	John Brockenbrough (1775--1852) was a business man and civic leader in Richmond, Virginia.	John Brockenbrough	1852
date of death	Thomas Gordon Cullen (9 August 1914 - 11 August 1994) was an influential English architect and urban designer who was a key motivator in the Townscape movement.	Gordon Cullen	11 August 1994
date of death	Horrie Pearce (2 July 1886 -- 30 July 1936) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Horrie Pearce	1936
date of death	Lt. Col. Sir John Smith-Burges, 1st Baronet (ca. 1734 -- 24 April 1803) was Chairman of the East India Company in 1791.	John Smith-Burges	24 April 1803
date of death	Chief Rabbi Salomon Berdugo (1854--1906) was a halakhic authority, poet and rabbi in Meknes, Morocco.	Salomon Berdugo	1906
date of death	The Blessed Hieromartyr Clement Sheptytsky, M.S.U. (Ukrainian: Климентій Шептицький; 17 November, 1869 -- 1 May, 1951), was an archimandrite of the Order of Studite monks of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church.	Clement Sheptytsky	1 May, 1951
date of death	Vincenzo Crocitti (16 July 1949 -- 29 September 2010) was an Italian cinema and television actor.	Vincenzo Crocitti	29 September 2010
date of death	Victor Schivert (1863-1926?) was a renowned Romanian painter.	Victor Schivert	1926
date of death	Rick McNair (1942--2007), was a playwright, author, director, actor, storyteller, librettist, bibliophile, basketball player and coach.	Rick McNair	2007
date of death	Grimketel or Grimcytel; known as Grimkell in Scandinavian texts (died 1047) was an English Bishop of Selsey.	Grimketel	1047
date of death	Yi Kang, the Prince Imperial Uihwa (also Euihwa), (born 30 March 1877 -- 15 August 1955) was the fifth son of Emperor Gwangmu of Korea and his concubine, Lady Chang, who was a court lady-in-waiting.	Yi Kang	15 August 1955
date of death	Eugenia Mantelli (1860- 3 March 1926) was an Italian opera singer who had a prolific career in Europe, the United States, and South America from the 1880s through the early part of the twentieth century.	Eugenia Mantelli	1926
date of death	Dolly Green (1906--1990) was an American heiress, philanthropist and thoroughbred owner.	Dolly Green	1990
date of death	Frances Basset, 2nd Baroness Basset (30 April 1781 -- 22 January 1855) was a British peeress.	Frances Basset, 2nd Baroness Basset	22 January 1855
date of death	Elizabeth Ann Duncan, also known as Ma Duncan (about 1904 -- 8 August 1962), was an American murderer.	Elizabeth Ann Duncan	8 August 1962
date of death	George Hanlon (July 1917 -- 28 January 2010) was an Australian race horse trainer.	George Hanlon	28 January 2010
date of death	Kay Petre (born Kathleen Coad Defries; 10 May 1903 -- 10 August 1994) was an early motor racing star.	Kay Petre	10 August 1994
date of death	Guido Cagnacci (January 19, 1601 -- 1663) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, belonging to the Forlì painting school and to the Bolognese School.	Guido Cagnacci	1663
date of death	Group Captain Leslie Bonnet, MA, LLB, Order of the Cloud and Banner with Special Rosette (22 August 1902 -- 10 December 1985) was an RAF officer, short-story writer and duck-breeder, creating the Welsh Harlequin Duck, the only true Welsh duck breed.	Leslie Bonnet	10 December 1985
date of death	Thomas Rodborne DD (also Rodeborne, Rodebourne, Rodbourne, Rudbourne, or Rodburn, died 1442) was an English medieval churchman and university Chancellor.	Thomas Rodborne	1442
date of death	Ernő Lendvai (February 6, 1925 -- January 31, 1993) was one of the first music theorists to write on the appearance of the golden section and Fibonacci series and how these are implemented in Bartók's music.	Ernő Lendvai	1993
date of death	Carl Geyer (1796--1841) was a German entomologist who wrote and illustrated various supplements to Jacob Hübner s works on Lepidoptera.	Carl Geyer	1841
date of death	Prince Józef Karol Lubomirski (1638--1702) was a Polish noble.	Józef Karol Lubomirski	1702
date of death	Sir Edward Wingfield Verner, 5th Baronet (22 November 1865 -- 1 November 1936), was a British soldier.	Sir Edward Wingfield Verner, 5th Baronet	1 November 1936
date of death	Arthur Spencer Roberts (8 January 1920 -- October 1997) was a British painter interested mainly in animal and wildlife subjects, but who also produced portraits and paintings of military scenes.	Arthur Spencer Roberts	1997
date of death	Dennis Roy Hodds also known as Roy Hodds (1933--1987) was an Impressionist painter predominantly during the 1960s and 1970s.	Dennis Roy Hodds	1987
date of death	Martino Aliprandi (fl. 1334 -- 1341) was an Italian lawyer and mayor of the 14th century.	Martino Aliprandi	1341
date of death	Richard Coombes (18 March 1858 -- 15 April 1935) was a journalist and father of amateur athletics in Australia.	Richard Coombes	15 April 1935
date of death	Moayed-ol Mamalek Fekri Ershad (Persian: مؤیدالممالک فکری ارشاد‎) (1869-1916) was an Iranian journalist and playwright.	Moayed-ol Mamalek Fekri Ershad	1916
date of death	Sir Matthew White Ridley, 2nd Baronet (28 October 1745 -- 9 April 1813) was a Northumbrian politician and landowner.	Sir Matthew White Ridley, 2nd Baronet	9 April 1813
date of death	Miles de Cogan (fl. 1170--1182) was an Anglo-Norman knight from Glamorgan who played a significant role in the Norman conquest of Ireland under Richard de Clare, 2nd Earl of Pembroke; a man better known to Irish history as Strongbow.	Miles de Cogan	1182
date of death	Angus Fairhurst (4 October 1966 -- 29 March 2008) was an English artist working in installation, photography and video.	Angus Fairhurst	29 March 2008
date of death	Conchobar Ua Briain (died 1142) was a mid-twelfth-century ruler of the kingdoms of Munster and Dublin.	Conchobar Ua Briain	1142
date of death	Sir Bernard Grenville (1567-1636), was an English politician.	Bernard Grenville	1636
date of death	Samuel Checote (1819 - 1884) was a full-blood Muskogee Creek Indian who was noted as a Methodist minister and as the first principal chief of the tribe after the Civil War.	Samuel Checote	1884
date of death	Jules Blankfein (d. 2 June 1989) was a physician and founder of Physicians Hospital in Jackson Heights, Queens (NYC).	Jules Blankfein	1989
date of death	Miles Sindercombe (died 13 February 1657) was the leader of a group that tried to assassinate Lord Protector Oliver Cromwell during the period of the Protectorate in 1657.	Miles Sindercombe	13 February 1657
date of death	Charles Bennion (1857 -- 1929) was a businessman, manufacturer and philanthropist who purchased Bradgate Park for the people of Leicestershire.	Charles Bennion	1929
date of death	Vladimir Žerjavić (2 August 1912 -- 5 September 2001) was a Croatian economist and a United Nations expert.	Vladimir Žerjavić	5 September 2001
date of death	Susan Parkinson (8 January 1925 - 15 October 2012) is best known as an English potter and for her work with the Arts Dyslexia Trust.	Susan Parkinson	15 October 2012
date of death	Eduardo Madero (1823 -- 1894) was an Argentine merchant, banker and developer.	Eduardo Madero	1894
date of death	Giovanni Antonio Campani called Campanus (27 February? 1429 -- 15 July 1477), a protégé of Cardinal Bessarion, was a Neapolitan-born humanist at the court of Pope Pius II, whose funeral oration he wrote, followed by a biography, flattering but filled with personal reminiscence, written ca 1470-77.	Giovanni Antonio Campani	15 July 1477
date of death	Sir Charles Henry Major (30 October 1860 -- 31 August 1933) was a British judge, who served in various colonies around the Caribbean, as well as in Fiji.	Charles Henry Major	31 August 1933
date of death	Leo Pokrowsky (died 25 December 1900 in Utrecht, Kwazulu Natal, South Africa) was a Pole and Captain in the Russian Army, who fought and died on the side of the Boers during the Second Anglo-Boer War.	Leo Pokrowsky	25 December 1900
date of death	Ahmed Ishtiaq Mubarak (6 February 1948 -- 9 August 2013) was a Malaysian hurdler.	Ishtiaq Mubarak	9 August 2013
date of death	Mick Prendergast (24 November 1950 -- 29 April 2010) was an English professional footballer whose career lasted from 1969 to 1979 during which time he made a total of 232 appearances in all competitions, scoring 62 goals.	Mick Prendergast	29 April 2010
date of death	Pietro Blayer (born 1901 -- died March 1978 in Rome, Italy) was a notable Jewish Italian community leader.	Pietro Blayer	March 1978
date of death	John Fullarton (c.1645 -- 1727), of Greenhall, Argyll, was a Scottish clergyman and nonjurant Episcopal Bishop of Edinburgh between 1720 and 1727.	John Fullarton	1727
date of death	Frigyes Puja (2 February 1921 -- 5 July 2008) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1973 and 1983.	Frigyes Puja	5 July 2008
date of death	Hedley Bryant (23 November 1885 -- 16 July 1968) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Hedley Bryant	16 July 1968
date of death	Conchobar Ó Muirdaig (died 1247) was Bishop of Kilmacduagh.	Conchobar Ó Muirdaig	1247
date of death	Samuel Lipscomb Seckham (Oxford 25 October 1827 -- 4 February 1901) was an English Victorian architect, developer, magistrate and brewer.	Samuel Lipscomb Seckham	4 February 1901
date of death	Theodore A. Kiesselbach (1884--1964) fondly referred to as ``Mr. Corn'' was born in Shelby, Nebraska, lived in Lincoln, Nebraska.	Theodore A. Kiesselbach	1964
date of death	Sally Olsen (10 April 1912 -- 12 April 2006) was a Norwegian-born American social worker and missionary.	Sally Olsen	12 April 2006
date of death	Jagdish Chand Anand better known as J.C. Anand (1922--1977) was a film producer and distributor from Pakistan.	J.C. Anand	1977
date of death	Eugene O'Curry (Irish: Eoghan Ó Comhraí, 20 November 1794 -- 30 July 1862) was an Irish philologist and antiquary.	Eugene O'Curry	30 July 1862
date of death	Reverend Henry Bower (1812--1885) was an Anglo-Indian missionary of the Society of the Propagation of the Gospel who was known for his scholarship over Tamil.	Henry Bower	1885
date of death	Billy Billett (21 May 1888 -- 28 January 1956) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Billy Billett	28 January 1956
date of death	B. Mitchel Reed (June 10, 1926 -- March 16, 1983) was a successful American disc Jockey on both Top 40 and album-oriented rock radio stations, working in New York and Los Angeles during his 25-year career.	B. Mitchel Reed	1983
date of death	Rosamind Julius (30 November 1923 -- 19 May 2010) was an English entrepreneur and furniture manufacturer.	Rosamind Julius	19 May 2010
date of death	Thomas Gisborne Gordon, (15 December 1851 -- 8 July 1935) was a rugby football player who played for North of Ireland F.C. and represented Ireland.	Thomas Gisborne Gordon	8 July 1935
date of death	A. R. Raja Raja Varma or A R. Rajaraja Varma (Malayalam: എ.ആർ. രാജരാജവർമ്മ) (1863--1918) was an Indian poet, grammatician and Professor of Oriental Languages at Maharaja's College(present University College), Trivandrum.	A. R. Raja Raja Varma	1918
date of death	Alfred Mulock Bentley (1878--1956) was a British-born financier who founded the Rhodesian Stock Exchange in Bulawayo in 1946.	Alfred Mulock Bentley	1956
date of death	Sir Ralph Sydenham (died 1671) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1641 to 1642.	Ralph Sydenham	1671
date of death	Hagop Sandaldjian (1931--1990) was an Egyptian-born Armenian American musician and microminiature sculptor, best known for his tiny art pieces displayed at the Museum of Jurassic Technology in Los Angeles, California.	Hagop Sandaldjian	1990
date of death	Leslie Hore-Belisha, 1st Baron Hore-Belisha, PC (/ˈhɔər bəˈliːʃə/; 7 September 1893 -- 16 February 1957) was a British Liberal, then National Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) and Cabinet Minister.	Leslie Hore-Belisha	16 February 1957
date of death	Frank Hopkins (born uncertain -- died 1951) claimed he was an American professional horseman who at one time performed with the Ringling Brothers Circus.	Frank Hopkins	1951
date of death	Zvonimír Eichler (29 January 1903 -- 17 February 1975) was a Czech painter, graphic artist and illustrator.	Zvonimír Eichler	17 February 1975
date of death	John Gordon Dower (2 September 1900 -- 3 October 1947) was a civil servant and architect, who, as secretary of the Standing Committee on National Parks, produced in 1945 the first post-war official report which set out what National Parks in England and Wales should be like:	John Gordon Dower	3 October 1947
date of death	Joseph Abbeel (Vrasene 1786 - Anzegem 1866) was a Belgian soldier who was conscripted to the French Army of Napoleon Bonaparte.	Joseph Abbeel	1866
date of death	Roger of Wendover (died 6 May 1236), probably a native of Wendover in Buckinghamshire, was an English chronicler of the 13th century.	Roger of Wendover	6 May 1236
date of death	Gottfried Kolditz (14 December 1922 -- 15 June 1982) was a German movie actor and director.	Gottfried Kolditz	15 June 1982
date of death	Saint Ariadne of Phrygia (died 130 AD) is a 2nd-century Christian saint.	Ariadne of Phrygia	130
date of death	Edward Daniel Johnson (1816 -- 8 March 1889) was a respected London watch and marine chronometer maker.	Edward Daniel Johnson	8 March 1889
date of death	Edward Howard, 9th Duke of Norfolk, Earl Marshal (5 June 1686 -- 20 September 1777) was a British peer.	Edward Howard, 9th Duke of Norfolk	20 September 1777
date of death	Kristian Middelboe (24 March 1881 in Brunnby, Sweden -- 20 May 1965) was a Danish amateur football (soccer) player and leader.	Kristian Middelboe	20 May 1965
date of death	Jonas Ferdinand Gabriel Lippmann (16 August 1845 -- 13 July 1921) was a Franco-Luxembourgish physicist and inventor, and Nobel laureate in physics for his method of reproducing colours photographically based on the phenomenon of interference.	Gabriel Lippmann	13 July 1921
date of death	Jaan Sarv (Võro: Sarvõ Jaan; 21 December 1877 in Leeguste village, Saru Parish (now in Saru village, Mõniste Parish), Võru County -- 23 August 1954 in Tartu) was an Estonian mathematician and educator.	Jaan Sarv	23 August 1954
date of death	Callcott Reilly (28 October 1828 -- 21 May 1900) was a British civil and construction engineer.	Callcott Reilly	21 May 1900
date of death	Major General William Alington, 3rd Baron Alington LL (bef. 1641 -- 1 February 1685) was an Irish peer.	William Alington, 3rd Baron Alington	1 February 1685
date of death	Edgar Wood (1860--1935) was an architect, artist and draftsman who practised from Manchester at the turn of the 20th century and gained a considerable reputation in the United Kingdom.	Edgar Wood	1935
date of death	Armida Barelli (1 December 1882 - 15 August 1952) was an Italian Roman Catholic who served in the educational field during her life and was also a professed member of the Secular Franciscan Order.	Armida Barelli	15 August 1952
date of death	Edward Quin (died 1823), journalist, born in Dublin, seems to have spent some years in France, where he taught pugilism.	Edward Quin	1823
date of death	Khana Qubadi or (Xana Qubadî in Kurdish), (1700--1759), was a Kurdish poet.	Khana Qubadi	1759
date of death	David Kinnear (22 February 1917 -- 4 February 2008) was a Scottish professional football player.	David Kinnear	4 February 2008
date of death	Edward Berwick (died 1877) was an Irish lawyer and educationalist, and served as President of Queen's College Galway from 1850 until 1877.	Edward Berwick	1877
date of death	Edward George Honey (1885--1922) was an Australian soldier and journalist who suggested the idea of a moment of silence on Armistice Day (now known as Remembrance Day).	Edward George Honey	1922
date of death	Leopoldo Benites (17 October 1905 -- 1 January 1996) was the 28th President of the United Nations General Assembly in 1973.	Leopoldo Benites	1 January 1996
date of death	George Outlaw (1731 -- 15 August 1825) was a U.S. Congressman from North Carolina in 1825.	George Outlaw	15 August 1825
date of death	Ishmael Flory (July 4, 1907 -- February 4, 2004) was a civil rights activist, trade union organizer, and Communist Party (CPUSA) leader in Illinois.	Ishmael Flory	2004
date of death	Crusino I Sommaripa (died 1462) was lord of the islands of Paros and later Andros in the Duchy of the Archipelago.	Crusino I Sommaripa	1462
date of death	James Joseph Mallon (24 December 1874--12 April 1961), known as Jimmy Mallon, was a British economist and political activist.	James Joseph Mallon	12 April 1961
date of death	Charles Annandale (1843--1915) was a Scottish editor, primarily of reference books.	Charles Annandale	1915
date of death	Vitéz Ferenc Feketehalmy-Czeydner (22 November 1890 -- 5 November 1946) was a Hungarian military officer who had a significant role in the Novi Sad massacre during the Second World War.	Ferenc Feketehalmy-Czeydner	5 November 1946
date of death	Muhadhdhib al-Dīn Abūʼl-Hasan ʻAlī ibn Ahmad Ibn Hubal (Arabic: مهذب الدين أبي الحس علي بن أحمد ابن هبل‎) known as Ibn Hubal (Arabic: ابن هبل‎) (c. 1122 - 1213) was an Arab physician and scientist born in Baghdad.	Ibn Hubal	1213
date of death	Tarkeshwari Sinha (26 December 1926--14 August 2007) was an Indian politician and Indian independence movement activist from Bihar.	Tarkeshwari Sinha	14 August 2007
date of death	Trần Tế Xương (chu Han 陳濟昌) also known by the pen name Tú Xương (Mặc Trai, Mộng Tích, Tử Thịnh 5 September 1870 - 29 January 1907) was a Vietnamese poet and satirist.	Trần Tế Xương	29 January 1907
date of death	Captain William Stratton Prince (died 1881) was a British Army officer, Chief Constable of Toronto (1859--1873) and the first warden of the Toronto Central Prison (1873-1881).	William Stratton Prince	1881
date of death	Gustavus Brander (1720 - 21 January 1787), English naturalist, who came of a Swedish family, was born in London in 1720, and was brought up as a merchant, in which capacity he achieved success and became a director of the Bank of England.	Gustavus Brander	1787
date of death	Bolko I of Opole (Polish: Bolko I Opolski; before 21 October 1258 -- 14 May 1313), was a Duke of Opole from 1282 (until 1284 with his brother as co-ruler), Niemodlin and Strzelce Opolskie until his death.	Bolko I of Opole	14 May 1313
date of death	Claudius Colas (also known by the pseudonym Profesoro V. Esperema) was a French Esperantist who lived from 1884 to 1914.	Claudius Colas	1914
date of death	Kalpana Datta (Bengali: কল্পনা দত্ত) (27 July 1913 -- 8 February 1995) (later Kalpana Joshi) was an Indian independence movement activist and a member of the armed independence movement led by Surya Sen, which carried out the Chittagong armoury raid in 1930.	Kalpana Datta	8 February 1995
date of death	Morris Bear Squire ( November 5, 1923 - March 2014) was an American psychologist and hospital administrator who was best known for his philanthropy.	Morris Bear Squire	2014
date of death	Francis Claud Cockburn of Brook Lodge, Youghal, County Cork, Munster, Ireland (/ˈkoʊbərn/ KOH-bərn; 12 April 1904 -- 15 December 1981) was an Anglo-Scots journalist.	Claud Cockburn	15 December 1981
date of death	Salomon Smolianoff (March 1899 -- 1976) was a Russian counterfeiter and Holocaust survivor involved in Operation Bernhard.	Salomon Smolianoff	1976
date of death	James Reid Scott (1 April 1839 -- 25 August 1877) was an explorer and colonial Tasmanian politician, member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly and later the Tasmanian Legislative Council, he was also Colonial Secretary of Tasmania.	James Reid Scott	25 August 1877
date of death	Valentina Tolkunova (Russian: Валенти́на Васи́льевна Толкуно́ва, 12 July 1946 -- 22 March 2010) was a Soviet and Russian singer and was bestowed the title of Honored Artist of RSFSR (1979) and People's Artist of RSFSR (1987).	Valentina Tolkunova	22 March 2010
date of death	Ellwood Patterson Cubberley (June 6, 1868 -- September 14, 1941) was an American educator and a pioneer in the field of educational administration.	Ellwood Patterson Cubberley	1941
date of death	Edwin Graham Perkin (16 December 1929 -- 16 October 1975) was an Australian journalist and newspaper editor.	Graham Perkin	16 October 1975
date of death	Josip Filipović, Freiherr (Baron) von Philippsberg, also Josef von Philippovich or Joseph Philippovich (April 1818 - 6 August 1889) was a Croatian high-ranking general (Feldzeugmeister) in the Austrian army.	Josip Filipović	6 August 1889
date of death	Inger Margrethe Gaarder (nee Berthelsen; 8 June 1926 -- 31 December 1993) was a Norwegian children's writer.	Inger Margrethe Gaarder	1993
date of death	Alberto Ormaetxea Ibarlucea (7 April 1939 -- 28 October 2005) was a Spanish football full back (right and left) and coach.	Alberto Ormaetxea	28 October 2005
date of death	Florence Nightingale Levy (born August 13, 1870, New York City; died 1947, New York City) was an American arts administrator.	Florence Nightingale Levy	1947
date of death	Francis Tumblety (c.1833 -- 28 May 1903) was an Irish-born American mountebank and medical quack who earned a small fortune posing as an ``Indian Herb'' doctor throughout the United States and Canada.	Francis Tumblety	28 May 1903
date of death	Nikos Samaras (1 July 1970 -- 4 January 2013) was a Greek volleyball player, who competed for various Greek, Italian and Turkish clubs.	Nikos Samaras	4 January 2013
date of death	Giusto Utens or Justus Utens (died 1609) was a Flemish painter who is remembered for the series of Medicean villas in lunette form that he painted for the third grand duke of Tuscany, Ferdinando I, in 1599--1602.	Giusto Utens	1609
date of death	Binanda Chandra Barua (বিনন্দ চন্দ্ৰ বৰুৱা) (1901 - 1994) was a noted Indian writer and poet of Assamese literature.	Binanda Chandra Barua	1994
date of death	Henry Sopkin (20 October 1903 New York -- 1 March 1988 Palo Alto, California) was an American conductor.	Henry Sopkin	1 March 1988
date of death	Olof Möller (July 3, 1923, Riga -- June 8, 1985, Solna) was a Swedish science fiction author.	Olof Möller	1985
date of death	William Comings White (1890--1965) was an electrical engineer.	William Comings White	1965
date of death	Henry IX of Lubin (Polish: Henryk IX lubiński ; 1369 -- between 9 January 1419 and 10 July 1420), was a Duke of Brzeg (Brieg) during 1399--1400 with his brother and since 1400, Duke of Lubin (Lüben), Chojnów (Haynau) and Oława (Ohlau).	Henry IX of Lubin	1419
date of death	Mitzi Mayfair (June 6, 1914/1915 -- May 1976) was an American dancer and stage and film actress.	Mitzi Mayfair	May 1976
date of death	Marie Corbett (30 April 1859 -- 28 March 1932) was an English suffragist, local government worker and supporter of the Liberal Party.	Marie Corbett	28 March 1932
date of death	Niels Petersen Vogt (15 April 1817 -- 8 November 1894) was the Norwegian Minister of the Interior five times between 1871 and 1884, and member of the Council of State Division in Stockholm four times 1872-1883.	Niels Petersen Vogt	8 November 1894
date of death	Stanley Cowie (1890 -- August 1927) was an English professional footballer.	Stanley Cowie	August 1927
date of death	Alfred Gillow (2 May 1835 -- 12 August 1897) was an English cricketer.	Alfred Gillow	12 August 1897
date of death	Randy Merriman (1918--2002) was an American television producer, game show host and radio broadcaster.	Randy Merriman	2002
date of death	Len Worle (26 May 1889 -- 10 October 1948) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Len Worle	10 October 1948
date of death	Bob Annesley (10 July 1919 -- 3 February 2003) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during World War II. He spent most of his playing career with Swan Districts in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).	Bob Annesley	3 February 2003
date of death	Thomas Villiers, 1st Earl of Clarendon PC (1709 -- 11 December 1786) was a British politician and diplomat from the Villiers family.	Thomas Villiers, 1st Earl of Clarendon	11 December 1786
date of death	Wing Commander Gwilym Hugh Lewis DFC (5 August 1897 -- 18 December 1996) was a British flying ace during World War I. He was credited with 12 confirmed aerial victories.	Gwilym Hugh Lewis	18 December 1996
date of death	Karen Brahe (born 1 December 1657 at Næsbyholm, died 27 September 1736 at Østrupgård, Haastrup parish), was a Danish aristocrat and book-collector.	Karen Brahe	27 September 1736
date of death	Abraham Darby IV (30 March 1804 -- 28 November 1878) was an English ironmaster.	Abraham Darby IV	28 November 1878
date of death	Zheng Tan (鄭覃) (died 842), formally the Duke of Yingyang (滎陽公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Wenzong.	Zheng Tan	842
date of death	Salem Ramaswami Mudaliar (6 September 1852 -- 2 March 1892) was an Indian lawyer, politician and Indian independence activist who campaigned for India's independence.	Salem Ramaswami Mudaliar	2 March 1892
date of death	Bernard-Anselme d'Abbadie de Saint-Castin (1689--1720) was a French military officer serving in Acadia.	Bernard-Anselme d'Abbadie de Saint-Castin	1720
date of death	Harry Cope (28 January 1881 -- 6 November 1947) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harry Cope	6 November 1947
date of death	Sarah Caudwell was the pseudonym of Sarah Cockburn (27 May 1939 -- 28 January 2000), a British barrister and writer of detective stories.	Sarah Caudwell	28 January 2000
date of death	Carl Edouarde (31 October 1875 -- 8 December 1932) was an American composer of film music, known particularly for his association with Samuel Roxy Rothafel.	Carl Edouarde	8 December 1932
date of death	Magdalena of Neuenahr-Alpen (c. 1550 -- 13 January 1626) was a German noblewoman She was the heiress of the House of Neuenahr-Alpen; she inherited the County of Limburg.	Magdalena of Neuenahr-Alpen	13 January 1626
date of death	Young King William, born Ngombe or Ngomb' a Bila (died 1882), was, as William II of Bimbia, the chief and king of Bimbia on the coast of Cameroon and of the Isubu ethnic group who lived there.	William II of Bimbia	1882
date of death	Michael Shepley (29 September 1907 -- 28 September 1961), was a British actor, appearing in films and some television between 1931 and 1961.	Michael Shepley	28 September 1961
date of death	Sima Yi (179 -- 7 September 251), courtesy name Zhongda, was a general and politician of the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period.	Sima Yi	251
date of death	Gus McNaughton (29 July 1881 -- 18 November 1969), also known as Augustus Le Clerq and Augustus Howard, was an English film actor.	Gus McNaughton	18 November 1969
date of death	Miles Crispin (died 1107), also known as Miles or Milo of Wallingford, was a wealthy Norman landowner, particularly associated with Wallingford Castle in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire).	Miles Crispin	1107
date of death	Jade Snow Wong (Chinese: 黃玉雪; pinyin: Huáng Yùxuě) (January 21, 1922 -- 16 March 2006) was a Chinese American ceramic artist and author of two memoirs.	Jade Snow Wong	16 March 2006
date of death	Benjamin Ipavec (24 December 1829 -- 20 December 1908) was one of the foremost Slovene Romantic composers.	Benjamin Ipavec	20 December 1908
date of death	Sir Godfrey Way Mitchell (31 October 1891 -- 9 December 1982) was a construction engineer and entrepreneur who built up George Wimpey into a thriving business.	Godfrey Way Mitchell	9 December 1982
date of death	'Umar al-Tilmisani (Arabic: عمر التلمسانى‎, IPA: (ˈʕomɑɾˤ et.telmeˈsæːni); most often transliterated as Omar el Telmesany or Telmesani ) (4 November 1904-22 May 1986) was the third General Guide (Murshid al-'Am) of the Egyptian Muslim Brothers.	Umar al-Tilmisani	22 May 1986
date of death	Pedro León Zapata (27 February 1929 -- 6 February 2015) was a prominent Venezuelan artist, humorist and cartoonist.	Pedro León Zapata	6 February 2015
date of death	V. C. Palanisami Gounder (died 15 April 1965) was an Indian merchant and politician of the Indian National Congress who served as Minister of Prohibition of the Madras State in the cabinet of C. Rajagopalachari and Minister for Animal Husbandry and Harijan Welfare in K. Kamaraj's cabinet.	V. C. Palanisami Gounder	15 April 1965
date of death	Karl August Ferdinand von Borcke (18 February 1776 -- 15 December 1830) was a Prussian general and the first recipient of the Iron Cross.	Karl August Ferdinand von Borcke	15 December 1830
date of death	William Piercy, 1st Baron Piercy CBE (7 February 1886 -- 7 July 1966), was a British economist, civil servant, businessman and financier.	William Piercy, 1st Baron Piercy	7 July 1966
date of death	Mezezius (/mɨˈziːʒəs/; Greek: Μιζίζιος; Armenian: Մժէժ, Mžēž or Mzhezh) was an Armenian noble who served as a general of Byzantium, later usurping the Byzantine throne in Sicily from 668 to 669.	Mezezius	669
date of death	Richard Kilvington (c. 1302-1361) was an English scholastic philosopher at the University of Oxford.	Richard Kilvington	1361
date of death	Caleb Banks (18 September 1659 - 13 September 1696) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1685 and 1696.	Caleb Banks	13 September 1696
date of death	Benjamin Gumbs II (died 1768) was a British colonial governor and sugarcane plantation owner on Katouche Bay.	Benjamin Gumbs II	1768
date of death	Emerson Hough (1857--1923) was an American author best known for writing western stories and historical novels.	Emerson Hough	1923
date of death	Wu Kung-i or Wu Gongyi (1898--1970) was a well-known teacher of the soft style martial art t'ai chi ch'uan (taijiquan) in China, and, after 1949, in the British colony of Hong Kong.	Wu Kung-i	1970
date of death	Alison Brading (26 February 1939 - 7 January 2011) was a British scientist who studied the physiology and pharmacology of smooth muscle, particularly in the urinary tract.	Alison Brading	7 January 2011
date of death	Mordecai Ehrenpreis (later on: Marcus Ehrenpreis; 25 June 1869 -- 26 February 1951) was a Hebrew author, publisher, Rabbi and Zionist.	Mordecai Ehrenpreis	26 February 1951
date of death	Charles Ryle Fay (13 January 1884 -- 19 November 1961) was a British economic historian.	Charles Ryle Fay	19 November 1961
date of death	Henriette Jørgensen (1791--1847) was a Danish stage actress and translator.	Henriette Jørgensen	1847
date of death	Royal Dixon (25 March 1885-- 4 June 1962) was an American author, animal rights activist and a member of the Americanization movement.	Royal Dixon	1962
date of death	Suzanne Dalbert (12 May 1927 -- 31 December 1970) was a French actress who appeared in a number of American films and television series during the 1940s and 1950s.	Suzanne Dalbert	31 December 1970
date of death	Sir Glanmor Williams (5 May 1920 -- 24 February 2005) was one of Wales's most eminent historians.	Glanmor Williams	24 February 2005
date of death	Bishop Patrick Collier DD (13 January 1880 -- 10 January 1964) was an Irish Roman Catholic priest, later appointed as Bishop of Ossory.	Patrick Collier	10 January 1964
date of death	Severin Cornet (c. 1530 -- March 1582) was a Franco-Flemish singer, conductor and composer.	Severin Cornet	1582
date of death	Anne Carr, Countess of Bedford (9 December 1615 -- 10 May 1684) was a wealthy English noblewoman, and the wife of William Russell, 5th Earl of Bedford, a peer and soldier during the English Civil War, who after her death was created Duke of Bedford.	Anne Carr, Countess of Bedford	10 May 1684
date of death	Nico Dostal (full name: Nikolaus Josef Michael Dostal) (27 November 1895--27 October 1981) was an Austrian operetta and film music composer.	Nico Dostal	27 October 1981
date of death	Chris Braithwaite, also known as Chris Jones (1885 - 9 September 1944), was a black Barbadian who was leader of the Colonial Seamen's Association in the 1930s.	Chris Braithwaite	9 September 1944
date of death	Sears Gallagher (1869-1955) was a prolific, commercially successful American artist proficient in multiple media: drawing, etching, watercolor and oil painting.	Sears Gallagher	1955
date of death	John Thompson, 1st Baron Haversham (c. 1648 -- 1 November 1710), known as Sir John Thompson, Bt, between 1673 and 1696, was an English politician.	John Thompson, 1st Baron Haversham	1 November 1710
date of death	Colonel Atilla Altıkat was the Turkish military attaché to Ottawa, Canada, who was assassinated in 1982.	Atilla Altıkat	1982
date of death	Riho Lahi (27 October 1904 -- 23 April 1995) was an Estonian writer and journalist, probably best known by his fictional character Kihva Värdi.	Riho Lahi	23 April 1995
date of death	Archimandrite Kyprianos (1735 -- 1803 est.) is one of the major Greek Cypriot intellectuals and clerics of the 18th century.	Archimandrite Kyprianos	1803
date of death	Frederick Augustus, Count of Erbach-Fürstenau (5 May 1754 -- 12 March 1784), was a member of the German House of Erbach who held the fiefs of Fürstenau, Michelstadt and Breuberg.	Frederick Augustus, Count of Erbach-Fürstenau	12 March 1784
date of death	Johann Phillip Fabricius (22 January 1711 -- 23 January 1791) was a German Christian missionary and a Tamil scholar in later part of his life.	Johann Phillip Fabricius	23 January 1791
date of death	Burl Plunkett (1933--2008) is a former basketball coach.	Burl Plunkett	2008
date of death	Marth Euphrasia Eluvathingal also called Saint Euphrasia Eluvathingal baptized as Rosa Eluvathingal (Malayalam: മാർത്ത് എവുപ്രാസ്യാമ്മ) (17 October 1877 -- 29 August 1952) was an Indian Carmelite nun of the Syro-Malabar Church which is an Eastern Catholic Church and a part of the Saint Thomas Christian community in Kerala.	Euphrasia Eluvathingal	29 August 1952
date of death	Leon Lichtenstein (16 May 1878 -- 21 August 1933) was a Polish-German mathematician, who made contributions to the areas of differential equations, conformal mapping, and potential theory.	Leon Lichtenstein	21 August 1933
date of death	Thomas Brudenell-Bruce, 1st Earl of Ailesbury KT (30 April 1729 - 19 April 1814), styled The Honourable Thomas Brudenell until 1747 and known as The Lord Bruce of Tottenham between 1747 and 1776, was a British courtier.	Thomas Brudenell-Bruce, 1st Earl of Ailesbury	19 April 1814
date of death	Mathias J. Hoven (July 9, 1850 -- October 1, 1901), was twice mayor of Madison, Wisconsin, from 1897 to 1898 and from 1899 to 1901.	Mathias J. Hoven	1901
date of death	Assen Bossev (Bulgarian: Асен Босев) (22 November 1913 -- 24 April 1997) was a prominent Bulgarian author of children's literature, as well as a translator from Russian.	Assen Bossev	24 April 1997
date of death	Komal Swaminathan (born on 27 January 1935 at Karaikudi, died 1995) was a congressional activist in his early years, a Tamil theater personality, film director, and a journalist.	Komal Swaminathan	1995
date of death	Derek Bryce-Smith (1926--2011) was a chemist at the University of Reading.	Derek Bryce-Smith	2011
date of death	Count József Somssich de Saárd (9 December 1864 -- 22 January 1941) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1919 and 1920.	József Somssich	22 January 1941
date of death	Hans Hollein (30 March 1934 -- 24 April 2014) was an Austrian architect and designer and key figure of postmodern architecture.	Hans Hollein	24 April 2014
date of death	Elisedd ap Gwylog (died c. 755), also known as Elise, was king of Powys in eastern Wales.	Elisedd ap Gwylog	755
date of death	One of Krys' son, Sebastian, is a four-time American Grammy winner and eight-time Latin Grammy Awards producer and mixer (as of 2011) Leonardo Krys died of a heart attack in Miami, on March 14, 2009.	Leonardo Krys	2009
date of death	Colin Eggleston (23 September 1941 -- 10 August 2002) was an Australian writer and director of TV and films.	Colin Eggleston	10 August 2002
date of death	Thomas Couture (21 December 1815 -- 30 March 1879) was an influential French history painter and teacher.	Thomas Couture	30 March 1879
date of death	Melancthon Williams Jacobus, Sr. (19 September 1816 -- 28 October 1876) was an American Presbyterian minister and writer.	Melancthon Williams Jacobus, Sr.	28 October 1876
date of death	Lucien Martin (30 May 1908 -- 29 October 1950) was a Canadian violinist, conductor, and composer.	Lucien Martin	29 October 1950
date of death	George Salmon (25 September 1819 -- 22 January 1904) was an Irish mathematician and Anglican theologian.	George Salmon	22 January 1904
date of death	Ludovico Vicentino degli Arrighi (1475--1527) was a papal scribe and type designer in Renaissance Italy.	Ludovico Vicentino degli Arrighi	1527
date of death	Charles Griffith Wynne (14 August 1815 -- 3 March 1874), later known as Charles Wynne-Finch, was a Liberal Tory politician and a Member of Parliament for Caernarfon.	Charles Wynne	3 March 1874
date of death	Adriaen van Diest (1655--1704) was a Dutch painter, who worked in England.	Adriaen van Diest	1704
date of death	Harry Hake Sr. (1871 -- 1955) was a prominent American architect in Cincinnati, Ohio at the turn of the 20th century.	Harry Hake	1955
date of death	Laurence Braddon (died 29 November 1724), was an English politician and writer.	Laurence Braddon	29 November 1724
date of death	Vladimir Pravdich-Neminsky (Russian: Владимир Владимирович Правдич-Неминский,Ukrainian: Володимир Володимирович Правдич-Немінський ; 2 July 1879 -- 17 May 1952) was Ukrainian and then Soviet physiologist who published the first EEG and the evoked potential of the mammalian brain.	Vladimir Pravdich-Neminsky	17 May 1952
date of death	Sir Robert Hutchison, 1st Baronet, FRCP (28 October 1871 - 12 February 1960) was a Scottish physician and paediatrician, who is well known as the original editor of the medical books, ``Clinical Methods'' and ``Food and the Principles of Dietetics''.	Sir Robert Hutchison, 1st Baronet	12 February 1960
date of death	After Fidler died in 1980, her publishers and members of the Edinburgh Children's Book Group established the Kathleen Fidler Award in memory of her work and support for children's literature.	Kathleen Fidler	1980
date of death	Astrid Holm (29 March 1893 -- 29 October 1961) was a Danish theater and film actress whose career began on the stage and in the early silent film era.	Astrid Holm	29 October 1961
date of death	Francis James Newman Rogers, KC (1791--1851), was an English barrister, judge and legal author, Deputy Judge Advocate General from 1842 until his death in 1851.	Francis James Newman Rogers	1851
date of death	Alfonsina Strada (16 March 1891 -- 13 September 1959) was an Italian cyclist, the only woman to have ridden one of cycling's three major stage races.	Alfonsina Strada	13 September 1959
date of death	Ivan Fyodorovich Michurin (1700--1763) was a Russian architect whose designs marked a transition of Russian architecture from early Muscovite Baroque to mature Rastrelliesque style.	Ivan Fyodorovich Michurin	1763
date of death	William Brooke Smith (died 1908) was an American painter and friend of Ezra Pound.	William Brooke Smith	1908
date of death	Henry Crowder (1890--1955) was an African-American jazz musician.	Henry Crowder	1955
date of death	Frank Shipley Collins (1848-1920) was an American botanist and algologist specializing in the study of marine algae.	Frank Shipley Collins	1920
date of death	William Talbot Aveline (1822--1903) was a British geologist and archaeologist.	William Talbot Aveline	1903
date of death	Rollin Lynde Hartt (1869--1946) was an early 20th-century journalist and congregational minister.	Rollin Lynde Hartt	1946
date of death	Cristofi Cerchez (4 July 1872 -- 1955) was a Romanian engineer and architect.	Cristofi Cerchez	1955
date of death	Hercules Collins (died 1702), was an English Baptist minister, author of a revision of the Heidelberg Catechism called the Orthodox Catechism.	Hercules Collins	1702
date of death	Theudebert I (French: Thibert or Théodebert) (c. 500 -- 547 or 548) was the Merovingian king of Austrasia from 533 to his death in 548.	Theudebert I	548
date of death	Henry Charles Fehr FRBS (4 November 1867 -- 13 May 1940) was a British monumental and architectural sculptor active in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.	Henry Charles Fehr	13 May 1940
date of death	Enoch Jenkins (6 November 1892 -- 4 January 1984) was a British sports shooter.	Enoch Jenkins	4 January 1984
date of death	Lasses Birgitta (died 1550) was an alleged Swedish witch.	Lasses Birgitta	1550
date of death	Kusumkumari Das (1875--1948) was a Bengali poet, writer and social activist.	Kusumkumari Das	1948
date of death	Ralph Sneyd (died 1650) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1642.	Ralph Sneyd	1650
date of death	Sol Polk (1916-1988), was an American businessman and co-founder of appliance retailer Polk Brothers.	Sol Polk	1988
date of death	Marie d'Albret, Countess of Rethel, Countess of Nevers (25 March 1491 -- 27 October 1549) was the suo jure Countess of Rethel, a title which she inherited at the age of nine upon the death of her mother, Charlotte of Nevers, Sovereign Countess of Rethel, on 23 August 1500.	Marie d'Albret, Countess of Rethel	27 October 1549
date of death	Sextus (possibly Gaius) Julius Saturninus (died 280) was a Roman usurper against Emperor Probus.	Julius Saturninus	280
date of death	Joan Brickhill (6 March 1924 -- 15 January 2014) was a South African actress who worked in radio, theatre, film, and television.	Joan Brickhill	15 January 2014
date of death	Muhammadu Attahiru I (died 1903) was the twelfth Sultan of the Sokoto Caliphate from October 1902 until March 15, 1903.	Muhammadu Attahiru I	1903
date of death	Vendela Skytte (or Wendela Skytte) (8 December 1608 -- 18 August 1629) was a Swedish noblewoman, salonist and writer, poet and Lady of Letters.	Vendela Skytte	18 August 1629
date of death	Abu Ali Fadhl ibn Hasan Tabarsi (Persian/Arabic:ابو على فضل بن حسن طبرسى) known as Shaykh Tabarsi, was a 12th-century Persian Shia scholar who died in 548 AH (1153 CE).	Shaykh Tabarsi	1153
date of death	Maharaj Ghulam Hussain Kathak (1905 -- 2001) was a classical dancer and teacher for the art. He held the distinction of singularly sustaining the tradition of classical dance in Pakistan and producing students like Nahid Siddiqui, Fasih Ur Rehman, Nighat Chaudry, Amy Minwala and Panna among many others.	Maharaj Ghulam Hussain Kathak	2001
date of death	Brilliana, Lady Harley (1598 -- 29 October 1643), née Brilliana Conway, was a celebrated English letter-writer.	Brilliana, Lady Harley	29 October 1643
date of death	Voldemārs Sudmalis (1922-1990) was a Latvian football defender, one of the most popular post-war footballers from Liepāja.	Voldemārs Sudmalis	1990
date of death	Kadri Pasha or Mehmet Kadri Pasha (1832--1884) was an Ottoman statesman.	Kadri Pasha	1884
date of death	Willem van Ravesteyn (Rotterdam, 15 October 1876 -- Rotterdam, 10 June 1970) was a Dutch Communist politician and historian.	Willem van Ravesteyn	10 June 1970
date of death	Frederick William III, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck (4 November 1723 -- 6 May 1757) was a son of Frederick William II and his wife, Ursula Anna of Dohna.	Frederick William III, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck	6 May 1757
date of death	Notker Physicus (died 12 November 975), sometimes called Notker II, was a physician, painter, and composer.	Notker Physicus	12 November 975
date of death	Egil Hjorth-Jenssen (18 April 1893 -- 8 November 1969) was a Norwegian actor and theatre director.	Egil Hjorth-Jenssen	8 November 1969
date of death	Louise-Anastasia Serment (Grenoble, 1642 - Paris, 1692) was a French natural philosopher and poet.	Louise-Anastasia Serment	1692
date of death	George J. Gaskin (1863--1920) was an Irish Tenor based in the United States.	George J. Gaskin	1920
date of death	Hamilton Hume (19 June 1797 -- 19 April 1873) was an early explorer of the present-day Australian states of New South Wales and Victoria.	Hamilton Hume	19 April 1873
date of death	Girolamo Belli (1552 -- c. 1620) was an Italian composer and music teacher of the late Renaissance.	Girolamo Belli	1620
date of death	Henry Paget, 2nd Marquess of Anglesey Bt, PC, DL (6 July 1797 -- 7 February 1869), styled Lord Paget 1812 and 1815 and Earl of Uxbridge from 1815 to 1854, was a British peer and Whig politician.	Henry Paget, 2nd Marquess of Anglesey	7 February 1869
date of death	William Capell, 3rd Earl of Essex, KG PC (11 January 1697 -- 8 January 1743) was an English courtier and diplomat.	William Capell, 3rd Earl of Essex	8 January 1743
date of death	Jerry Dreva (1945--1997) was an artist, writer, performer, activist and teacher from South Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Jerry Dreva	1997
date of death	Francis Coudrill (born 1913 in Warwick - died 1989) was an English artist and ventriloquist, most notable for being the creator of Hank the Cowboy.	Francis Coudrill	1989
date of death	Věra Chytilová (2 February 1929 -- 12 March 2014) was an avant-garde Czech film director and pioneer of Czech cinema.	Věra Chytilová	12 March 2014
date of death	Gilbert West (1703--1756) was a minor English poet, translator and Christian apologist in the early and middle eighteenth century.	Gilbert West	1756
date of death	William Frederick Lake Price (1810--1896) was an English watercolourist and an innovator in mid-nineteenth century photography.	William Frederick Lake Price	1896
date of death	Sir Henry Pollexfen (1632 -- 15 June 1691) was a British judge and politician.	Henry Pollexfen	15 June 1691
date of death	Louisa Hawkins Canby (December 25, 1818 -- 1889) was nicknamed the ``Angel of Santa Fe'' in 1862 for her compassion toward sick, wounded, and freezing Confederate soldiers at Santa Fe, New Mexico.	Louisa Hawkins Canby	1889
date of death	Wayne Jarratt (19 April 1957 -- 14 May 1988) was an Australian stage and television actor in the 1980s, remembered for his role of friendly prison officer Steve Faulkner in the soap opera Prisoner.	Wayne Jarratt	14 May 1988
date of death	Edward Carlyon Eliot (1879--1940) was a British diplomat and Colonial Service administrator.	Edward Carlyon Eliot	1940
date of death	Adolf Portmann (27 May 1897 -- 28 June 1982) was a zoologist.	Adolf Portmann	28 June 1982
date of death	Countess Margit Teleki de Szék (2 December 1860 -- 26 January 1922) was a Hungarian noblewoman, wife of Prime Minister Károly Khuen-Héderváry.	Margit Teleki	26 January 1922
date of death	Thomas Howard, 8th Duke of Norfolk, Earl Marshal (11 December 1683 -- 23 December 1732) was the son of Lord Thomas Howard (of Worksop) and Mary Elizabeth Savile.	Thomas Howard, 8th Duke of Norfolk	23 December 1732
date of death	Horace Field Parshall (9 September 1865--12 December 1932) was an electrical engineer specialising in rotating electrical machines, railway traction, and electrical distribution.	Horace Field Parshall	12 December 1932
date of death	Helen Douglas Irvine (born Helen Florence Douglas-Irvine; 29 February 1880 -- died 1947) was a Scottish novelist, historian and translator and was one of the Douglases of Grangemuir.	Helen Douglas Irvine	1947
date of death	Henry Robinson Hartley (12 November 1777 Southampton -- 24 May 1850 Calais, France) was an English eccentric and philanthropist.	Henry Robinson Hartley	24 May 1850
date of death	Jovan Kantul (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован Кантул, fl. 1592 -- d. 1614), sometimes numbered Jovan II was the Patriarch of Peć, the spiritual leader of the Serbian Orthodox Church, from 1592 until his death in 1614.	Jovan Kantul	1614
date of death	Warren Hudson (25 May 1962 -- 16 February 2012) was a player in the Canadian Football League.	Warren Hudson	16 February 2012
date of death	William Thornton Watson, DSO, MC, DCM (10 November 1887 -- 9 September 1961) was a New Zealander who served as an officer in the Australian Imperial Force in both World Wars.	William Thornton Watson	9 September 1961
date of death	Lei Chen (Chinese: 雷震; pinyin: Léi Zhèn; 1897--1979) was an early leading figure in the movement to bring fuller democracy to the government of the Republic of China.	Lei Chen	1979
date of death	Sir Robert Stawell Ball FRS (1 July 1840 -- 25 November 1913) was an Irish astronomer who founded the screw theory.	Robert Stawell Ball	25 November 1913
date of death	Raimundas Čivilis (24 November 1959 -- 27 November 2000) was a former Lithuanian basketball player, known for his career in Žalgiris Kaunas from 1977 till 1988.	Raimundas Čivilis	27 November 2000
date of death	Paek Son-haeng (1848 November -- 1933) was a Korean businesswoman known for her massive charitable donations.	Paek Son-haeng	1933
date of death	Anton Heiller (15 September 1923 -- 25 March 1979) was an Austrian organist, harpsichordist, composer, and conductor.	Anton Heiller	25 March 1979
date of death	Charles Loraine Smith or Charles Loraine (1 April 1751 -- 24 August 1835) was a sportsman, artist and politician.	Charles Loraine Smith	24 August 1835
date of death	Charles J. Burstone (April 4, 1928 - February 11, 2015) was an American Orthodontist who was notable for his contributions to biomechanics and force-systems in the field of Orthodontics.	Charles J. Burstone	2015
date of death	Sachal Sarmast (1739 -- 1829) (Sindhi: سچلُ سرمستُ‎, Urdu: سچل سرمست‎) was a Sufi poet from Sindh, Pakistan.	Sachal Sarmast	1829
date of death	Richard Welton (1671/1672 - 22 July 1726) was an English Anglican non-juror.	Richard Welton	22 July 1726
date of death	Charlotte von Rothschild (13 June 1819 -- 13 March 1884) was a German-born British socialite.	Charlotte von Rothschild	13 March 1884
date of death	Eluned Phillips (27 October 1914 -- 10 January 2009) was the only woman to win the bardic crown at the National Eisteddfod of Wales twice, a feat she accomplished in 1967 at Bala and 1983 at Llangefni.	Eluned Phillips	10 January 2009
date of death	Alfredo Bracchi (30 December 1897 -- 11 October 1976) was a versatile Italian author, whose production ranged from song lyrics to movie scripts.	Alfredo Bracchi	11 October 1976
date of death	Tina Lattanzi (5 December 1897 -- 25 October 1997) was an Italian actress and prominent voice artist, dubbing movie stars.	Tina Lattanzi	25 October 1997
date of death	Rashid Maidin (10 October 1917 -- 1 September 2006), sometimes given as Rashid Mahideen, was a senior leader of the Communist Party of Malaya (CPM).	Rashid Maidin	1 September 2006
date of death	Hubert Aquin (24 October 1929 -- 15 March 1977) was a Quebec novelist, political activist, essayist, filmmaker and editor.	Hubert Aquin	15 March 1977
date of death	Anselm Casimir Wambold von Umstadt (1582--1647) was the Archbishop-Elector of Mainz from 1629 to 1647.	Anselm Casimir Wambold von Umstadt	1647
date of death	Jonathan Mock Beck (aka Jon Beck; 11 November 1935 -- 11 March 2006, Somerville, Massachusetts) was an American mathematician, who worked on category theory and algebraic topology.	Jonathan Mock Beck	11 March 2006
date of death	Subhan Quli Qutb Shah (1543-1550) (Urdu: سبحان قلی قطب شاہ ) was 7 years old, when he became Sultan of Golconda, after the death of his father Jamsheed Quli Qutb Shah, in 1550.	Subhan Quli Qutb Shah	1550
date of death	Antonio Maria Valsalva (17 January 1666 -- 2 February 1723), was an Italian anatomist born in Imola.	Antonio Maria Valsalva	2 February 1723
date of death	Zhu Shijie (Chinese: 朱世杰; pinyin: Zhū Shìjié; Wade--Giles: Chu Shih-chieh, 1249--1314), courtesy name Hanqing (汉卿), pseudonym Songting (松庭), was one of the greatest Chinese mathematicians living during the Yuan Dynasty.	Zhu Shijie	1314
date of death	Joseph Hodgson (1788--1869) was a British physician and a well-known Quaker.	Joseph Hodgson	1869
date of death	Archibald James Campbell (18 February 1853 -- 11 September 1929) was an Australian civil servant in the Victorian, later the Australian federal customs service, as well as an amateur ornithologist.	Archibald James Campbell	1929
date of death	Mogens Pedersøn (c. 1583 -- January or February 1623) was a Danish instrumentalist and composer.	Mogens Pedersøn	1623
date of death	Agnes Nanogak Goose (12 November 1925 -- 5 May 2001) was an Inuk artist from Holman (Ulukhaktok), Northwest Territories, Canada.	Agnes Nanogak	5 May 2001
date of death	Franz Joseph Damian Junghanns (29 November 1800, in Stocksberg castle -- 3 December 1875, in Baden-Baden) was a Jurist and leader in the Baden Revolution of 1848.	Franz Joseph Damian Junghanns	3 December 1875
date of death	I Gusti Nyoman Lempad (1862?--1978) was known as a Balinese stone sculptor and architect (Undagi in Balinese) who built the palaces and temples in Ubud and its neighboring villages.	I Gusti Nyoman Lempad	1978
date of death	Ewart Morrison (7 October 1899 -- 12 May 1985) was an English cricketer.	Ewart Morrison	12 May 1985
date of death	Charles McCabe (1915--1983) was a columnist for the San Francisco Chronicle from the mid-1950s until his death May 1, 1983 at the age of 68.	Charles McCabe	1983
date of death	Jodocus Badius (French: Josse Bade; Spanish: Jodoco del Badia; 1462--1535), also known as Josse Badius, Jodocus van Asche Badius, and Badius Ascensius, was a pioneer of the printing industry, a renowned grammarian, and a pedagogue.	Jodocus Badius	1535
date of death	Octavius Temple (1784--1834), was Lieutenant Governor of Sierra Leone and Superintendent General of the Liberated Africans Department (1833), British soldier and colonial official.	Octavius Temple	1834
date of death	Muhammad of Ghazni (Persian: محمد غزنوی‎‎) (died 1041) was sultan of the Ghaznavid Empire briefly in 1030, and then later from 1040 to 1041.	Muhammad of Ghazni	1041
date of death	Raj Chandra Bose (19 June 1901 -- 31 October 1987) was an Indian American mathematician and statistician best known for his work in design theory, finite geometry and the theory of error-correcting codes in which the class of BCH codes is partly named after him.	Raj Chandra Bose	31 October 1987
date of death	Abu al-Hakam al-Kirmani (Arabic: أبو الحكم الكرماني‎; d. 1066 CE) was a prominent philosopher and scholar from the Muslim al-Andalus.	Abu al-Hakam al-Kirmani	1066
date of death	Willy van Hemert (29 March 1912 -- 26 June 1993) was a Dutch actor and theatre and television director, but is best known as a songwriter who penned two winning Dutch songs for the Eurovision Song Contest.	Willy van Hemert	26 June 1993
date of death	Julius Gehl (July 4, 1869, Bromberg, Province of Posen - March 1945, Danzig) was a German social democratic politician.	Julius Gehl	March 1945
date of death	Ernst von Grünigen (born March 23, 1950 -- June, 1992) was a Swiss ski jumper who competed from 1971 to 1977.	Ernst von Grünigen	June, 1992
date of death	John William Friso, Prince of Orange-Nassau (Dutch: Johan Willem Friso van Oranje-Nassau; 14 August 1687 -- 14 July 1711) became the titular Prince of Orange in 1702.	John William Friso, Prince of Orange	14 July 1711
date of death	Konstantin Rodko (24 August 1908 -- 30 September 1995) was a Latvian painter who was based in the United States.	Konstantin Rodko	30 September 1995
date of death	Thomas Simson (1696--1764) was a Scottish medical academic at the University of St Andrews.	Thomas Simson	1764
date of death	Frederick Basil Chubb (8 December 1921 -- 8 May 2002) was an English and Irish political scientist, author and broadcaster.	Basil Chubb	8 May 2002
date of death	George Louis Beer (July 26, 1872 -- March 15, 1920) was a renowned American historian of the ``Imperial school''.	George Louis Beer	1920
date of death	Joseph Baumhauer (died 22 March 1772) was a prominent Parisian ébéniste, one of several of German extraction.	Joseph Baumhauer	22 March 1772
date of death	Moses Tyson (born 1897, Westmorland; died 1969), historian and librarian, was keeper of western manuscripts at the John Rylands Library 1927-1935 and from 1935 to 1965 librarian of the Manchester University Library.	Moses Tyson	1969
date of death	Alfred Short (1882 -- 24 August 1938, London) was a British trades unionist and Labour politician, Member of Parliament (MP) for Wednesbury from 1918 to 1931, and for Doncaster from 1935 until 1938.	Alfred Short	1938
date of death	Guido de Bres (also known as Guido de Bray, Guy de Bray and Guido de Brès, 1522 -- 31 May 1567) was a Walloon pastor and theologian, a student of John Calvin and Theodore Beza in Geneva.	Guido de Bres	1567
date of death	James Augustus Grant, CB, CSI, FRS, FRGS (11 April 1827 -- 11 February 1892) was a Scottish explorer of eastern equatorial Africa.	James Augustus Grant	11 February 1892
date of death	George Mikhailovich, Count Brasov (Russian: Георгий Михайлович, граф Брасов; 6 August (O.S. 24 July) 1910 -- 21 July 1931) was a Russian noble and a descendant of the House of Romanov through a morganatic line.	George Mikhailovich, Count Brasov	21 July 1931
date of death	Major-General Sir John Braithwaite, 1st Baronet (3 February 1739 - 16 August 1803) was Commander-in-Chief of the Madras Army.	Sir John Braithwaite, 1st Baronet	16 August 1803
date of death	Victor Rosellini (1915--2003) was a Seattle restaurateur, and president of the National Restaurant Association and the Restaurant Association of the State of Washington.	Victor Rosellini	2003
date of death	George Brookshaw (c. 1751-1823), also known as G. Brown, was a notable English painter and illustrator from London.	George Brookshaw	1823
date of death	Alain Mimoun (1 January 1921 -- 27 June 2013) was an Algerian-born French long-distance runner who competed in track events, cross-country running and the marathon.	Alain Mimoun	27 June 2013
date of death	Edward Holme (17 February 1770 -- 28 November 1847) was an English physician and supporter of learned societies.	Edward Holme	1847
date of death	Henry Yates Thompson (15 December 1838 -- 8 July 1928) was a British newspaper proprietor and collector of illuminated manuscripts.	Henry Yates Thompson	8 July 1928
date of death	Francesco Rizzoli (11 July 1809 - 24 May 1880) was an Italian politician, surgeon and physician, considered one of the fathers of modern orthopedics.	Francesco Rizzoli	24 May 1880
date of death	Brita Sofia Hesselius (1801-1866) was a Swedish daguerreotype photographer.	Brita Sofia Hesselius	1866
date of death	Justice Eugene Wilfred Jayewardene, KC (Sinhala:ඉයුජින් විල්ෆ්‍රඩ් ජයවර්ධන; 11 June 1874 -- 23 November 1932) was a Ceylonese (Sri Lankan) judge, lawyer and politician.	Eugene Wilfred Jayewardene	23 November 1932
date of death	James Tyson (8 April 1819 -- 4 December 1898) was an Australian pastoralist.	James Tyson	4 December 1898
date of death	Henry Wardle (1832 -- 16 February 1892) was a British brewer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1892.	Henry Wardle	16 February 1892
date of death	Kevin Grose (18 June 1954 -- 27 November 2012) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Kevin Grose	27 November 2012
date of death	William George Howard, 8th Earl of Carlisle (23 February 1808 -- 29 March 1889) was an English clergyman and peer.	William George Howard, 8th Earl of Carlisle	29 March 1889
date of death	Maurice Frigara (2 July 1874 -- 27 January 1955) was a French conductor of Corsican descent, mainly active in the opera house.	Maurice Frigara	27 January 1955
date of death	Anne Szumigalski, SOM (3 January 1922 -- 22 April 1999) was a Canadian poet.	Anne Szumigalski	22 April 1999
date of death	Samuel Malthouse (13 October 1857 -- 7 February 1931) was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1890 and 1895.	Samuel Malthouse	7 February 1931
date of death	Oswald Taylor Brown OBE, FRCP(Glasg), FRCP(Ed) (11 October 1916 -- 26 March 2006) was a Scottish consultant physician in geriatric medicine based in Dundee from 1951 until 1979.	Oswald Taylor Brown	26 March 2006
date of death	Breasal Madden (died 1745), Chief of the Name, from 1727 to 1745.	Breasal Madden	1745
date of death	Konrad the Curly (Polish: Konrad Kędzierzawy; b. ca. 1198 -- d. Czerwony Kosciol, 4 September 1213), was a Polish prince member of the Piast dynasty in his Silesian branch.	Konrad the Curly	1213
date of death	Sir William Wyndham, 1st Baronet (ca. 1632 -- 29 October 1683) of Orchard Wyndham, Somerset, was Member of Parliament for Somerset in 1656 and twice for Taunton in 1659 and 1660.	Sir William Wyndham, 1st Baronet	29 October 1683
date of death	Nicolaus or Mikołaj Szyszkowski (1590--1643) of Ostoja coat of arms was a Prince-bishop of Warmia from 1633 til his death in 1643.	Mikołaj Szyszkowski	1643
date of death	Jean-Jules Allasseur (13 June 1818 -- 1903) was a French sculptor, a pupil of Pierre-Jean David called David d'Angers at the École des Beaux-Arts, Paris, who produced portrait sculptures, memorial allegories and decorative architectural sculpture for official commissions under the Second Empire.	Jean-Jules Allasseur	1903
date of death	Victor Mishcon, Baron Mishcon, QC, DL (14 August 1915 -- 27 January 2006) was a leading British solicitor and a Labour politician.	Victor Mishcon, Baron Mishcon	27 January 2006
date of death	Albert C. Sutphin, also known as Al Sutphin and ``the man in the red necktie'', (1895--1974) was a sports promoter and businessman in Cleveland, Ohio.	Albert C. Sutphin	1974
date of death	José Barona remained at San Juan Capistrano, where he ministered to the natives until his death on August 4, 1831.	José Barona	1831
date of death	José Pedro Braga, OBE (Chinese: 布力架; 1871--1944 Macau) was the manager of the Hong Kong Telegraph between 1902 and 1910.	José Pedro Braga	1944
date of death	Bryan Charnley (1949--1991) was a British artist most famous for a series of self portraits he painted examining his schizophrenia and the effect of the different medications he used to control the condition.	Bryan Charnley	1991
date of death	Pascal Antoine Fiorella or Pasquale Antonio, comte Fiorella (7 February 1752 -- 3 March 1818) became a French general officer in the French Revolutionary Wars and led a brigade during Napoleon Bonaparte's famous campaign in Italy in 1796.	Pascal Antoine Fiorella	3 March 1818
date of death	Edward Deering Mansfield (August 17, 1801 --October 27, 1880), was an American author.	Edward Deering Mansfield	1880
date of death	May Theilgaard Watts (1893 -- 20 August 1975) was an American writer, illustrator, and teacher.	May Theilgaard Watts	20 August 1975
date of death	Helmut Volz (German: (fɔlts); 1 August 1911 in Göppingen -- 23 October 1978) was a German experimental nuclear physicist who worked on the German nuclear energy project during World War II. In the latter years of World War II, he became a professor at Erlangen University.	Helmut Volz	23 October 1978
date of death	Empress Kong (孔皇后, personal name unknown) (d. 934), formally Empress Ai (哀皇后, ``the lamentable empress''), was an empress of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Later Tang.	Empress Kong	934
date of death	John Kernan Mullen Irish-American businessman and philanthropist, 11 June 1847 - 9 August 1929.	John Kernan Mullen	1929
date of death	Richard Towgood (c.1595--1683) was an English royalist churchman, Dean of Bristol from 1667.	Richard Towgood	1683
date of death	Amy Watkins (1973--1999) was a social worker from Topeka, Kansas, who was murdered while walking down the street on March 8, 1999, in Brooklyn, New York.	Amy Watkins	1999
date of death	Edward Crankshaw (3 January 1909 -- 30 November 1984), was a British writer, translator and commentator on Soviet affairs.	Edward Crankshaw	30 November 1984
date of death	Jean Adebambo (1 July 1962 -- 15 January 2009) was a British black caribbean singer, best known for songs in the lovers rock genre.	Jean Adebambo	15 January 2009
date of death	Rosetta Howard (1914 -- 1974) was an American blues singer, who recorded in the 1930s and 1940s.	Rosetta Howard	1974
date of death	Kenneth Royce Gandley (1920--1997) was an English thriller writer who also wrote under name Ken Royce, and the pseudonym Oliver Jacks.	Kenneth Royce	1997
date of death	Ma Yuehan (Chinese: 马约翰, 1883--1966) was a pioneer in physical education and modern Chinese sports.	Ma Yuehan	1966
date of death	Hans Rudolph (November 17, 1903 -- February 1994), was a pioneer in the development of respiratory equipment and supplies.	Hans Rudolph	1994
date of death	Adam Gerard Mappa (Tournai, 25 November 1754 -- Barneveld, New York, 15 April 1828) was a Dutch Patriot and active colonel in a local militia (in Dutch exercitiegenootschap).	Adam Gerard Mappa	15 April 1828
date of death	Tom Dundee (1946--2006) was a singer/songwriter born in Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Tom Dundee	2006
date of death	Hector McLean (1864 -- January 1888) was an Australian born rower who rowed in the Boat Race and won Silver Goblets at Henley Royal Regatta.	Hector McLean	1888
date of death	Laurie Murphy (10 September 1899 -- 20 July 1980) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Laurie Murphy	20 July 1980
date of death	Echu Tirmcharna mac Fergusso (died ca. 556) was a king of Connacht from the Uí Briúin branch of the Connachta.	Echu Tirmcharna	556
date of death	John Edward Carew (c. 1785 -- 1 December 1868) was a notable Irish sculptor during the 19th century.	John Edward Carew	1868
date of death	Antonio Maria Cagiano de Azevedo (14 December 1797 -- 13 January 1867) was a Catholic Cardinal and held a number of significant legal positions within the Catholic Church during the 19th century.	Antonio Maria Cagiano de Azevedo	13 January 1867
date of death	Štěpán Kodeda (5 February 1988 -- 30 March 2015) was a Czech orienteering competitor, and twice junior world champion.	Štěpán Kodeda	30 March 2015
date of death	William Blaisdell (1865-1931) was an American actor of both stage and screen.	William Blaisdell	1931
date of death	Wim Mager (Rotterdam, 26 September 1940 - Silvolde, 23 March 2008) was a Dutch photographer who is mainly known for founding the Apenheul Primate Park near Apeldoorn of which he was the director until 1997.	Wim Mager	23 March 2008
date of death	George Shelvocke (baptised 1 April 1675 -- 30 November 1742) was an English Royal Navy officer and later privateer who in 1723 wrote A Voyage Round the World by Way of the Great South Sea based on his exploits.	George Shelvocke	30 November 1742
date of death	Sir George Wharton, 1st Baronet (4 April 1617 -- 12 August 1681) was an English Royalist soldier and astrologer, also known as a poet.	Sir George Wharton, 1st Baronet	12 August 1681
date of death	William An tAb Caoch Bourke, 20th Mac William Iochtar, died 1593.	William An tAb Caoch Bourke	1593
date of death	Albert Fennell (29 March 1920 in Chiswick -- 17 April 1988) was a British film and television producer.	Albert Fennell	17 April 1988
date of death	John Blackall M.D., FRCP (24 December 1771 -- 10 January 1860) was an English physician.	John Blackall	10 January 1860
date of death	Piaras Feiritéar (Irish pronunciation: (ˈpʲiəɾˠəsˠ fʲɛɾʲiˈtʲeːɾˠ); 1600? -- 1653) was an Irish poet.	Piaras Feiritéar	1653
date of death	Paul Alfred Rapp (9 February 1933 -- 25 July 2011) was a German Economist and a regional politician.	Alfred Rapp	25 July 2011
date of death	Peder Henrik Kristian Zahrtmann, known as Kristian Zahrtmann, (31 March 1843 - 22 June 1917) was a Danish painter.	Kristian Zahrtmann	22 June 1917
date of death	Stephen Robert Dunlop (25 November 1960 -- 15 May 2008) was a Northern Irish motorcycle racer, the younger brother of fellow road racer, the late Joey Dunlop, and like Joey he died after a crash while racing.	Robert Dunlop	15 May 2008
date of death	Adolf Fischhof (Hungarian: Fischhof Adolf) (8 December 1816 -- 23 March 1893) was a Hungarian-Austrian writer and politician of Jewish descent.	Adolf Fischhof	23 March 1893
date of death	Isaac Mustafin (Russian: Исаак Савельевич Мустафин) (1908--1968) was a Russian chemist and a doctor of chemical sciences.	Isaac Mustafin	1968
date of death	Pierre Simon (1 December 1808 -- 12 December 1881), later known as Paul Simon, was a French archetier or bowmaker.	Pierre Simon	12 December 1881
date of death	Võ Duy Dương (武維楊; 1827--1866), also Thiên Hộ Dương (千戶楊) was a Vietnamese warlord who after the submission of the Vietnamese government to the French in 1862 continued to fight against the French (1862-1866) in the wetlands of Đồng Tháp Mười, where he died of disease.	Võ Duy Dương	1866
date of death	Jerzy Górski (October 27, 1929 -- May 1997) is a Polish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1950s.	Jerzy Górski	1997
date of death	Sir Raleigh Grey KBE CMG CVO (24 March 1860 -- 10 January 1936) was a pioneer British coloniser of Southern Rhodesia who played an important part in the early government of the colony.	Raleigh Grey	10 January 1936
date of death	Saint Agnes of Assisi, O.S.C., (1197/1198 -- 16 November 1253) was the younger sister of Saint Clare of Assisi and one of the first abbesses of the Order of Poor Ladies.	Agnes of Assisi	16 November 1253
date of death	General William Belford (1709--1780) was an English artillery officer.	William Belford	1780
date of death	Arthur Sowden (6 April 1878 -- 24 December 1954) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Arthur Sowden	24 December 1954
date of death	Ren Xun (Chinese: 任薰; Wade--Giles: Jen Hsün; ca. 1835--1893) was a Chinese painter during the Qing Dynasty.	Ren Xun	1893
date of death	Zacharias Chrysopolitanus (d. c. 1155), also known as Zachary of Besançon, was a biblical scholar of the Premonstratensian Order from Besançon (Chrysopolis).	Zacharias Chrysopolitanus	1155
date of death	Nalan Xingde (simplified Chinese: 纳兰性德; traditional Chinese: 納蘭性德; Wade--Giles: Na-lan Hsing-te; 1655--1685), courtesy name Rongruo (容若), was a Qing dynasty Chinese poet, famous for his ci poetry.	Nalan Xingde	1685
date of death	Des Meagher (7 March 1944 -- 9 March 2011) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Des Meagher	9 March 2011
date of death	Rev. Michael Buckworth Bailey M.A. (10 April 1827 - 6 December 1899) A minister of the Church of England.	Michael Buckworth Bailey	6 December 1899
date of death	Sir William Edge, 1st Baronet (21 November 1880 -- 18 December 1948) was a British Liberal, later National Liberal politician and businessman.	Sir William Edge, 1st Baronet	18 December 1948
date of death	Karma Phuntsok Namgyal (Tibetan: ཀར་མ་ཕུན་ཚོགས་རྣམ་རྒྱལ་, Wylie: Kar-ma Phun-tshogs Rnam-rgyal) (1587 -- March 1620) was a king of Tibet who ruled from 1618 to 1620.	Karma Phuntsok Namgyal	1620
date of death	William Newmarch (28 January 1820 -- 23 March 1882) was an English banker, economist and statistician.	William Newmarch	23 March 1882
date of death	K. Devasahayam (Telugu: దేవసహాయము అయ్యగారు; 5 June 1916 -- 30 January 1992) was President of the Andhra Evangelical Lutheran Church from 1965 to 1969.	K. Devasahayam	30 January 1992
date of death	Gunvor Galtung Haavik (7 October 1912 -- 5 August 1977) was a Norwegian employee of the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs who was arrested on 27 January 1977 after being betrayed by Oleg Gordievsky and charged with espionage on behalf of the Soviet Union and treason.	Gunvor Galtung Haavik	5 August 1977
date of death	Beatrix of Brandenburg (died: 22 September 1314 in Wismar) was the first wife of Lord Henry II ``the Lion'' of Mecklenburg (1266-1329), whom she married in 1292 at Stargard Castle.	Beatrix of Brandenburg	22 September 1314
date of death	Isaac Thomas (4 November 1784 - 2 February 1859), was an American politician representing Tennessee in the United States House of Representatives.	Isaac Thomas	2 February 1859
date of death	Leonardo Navigajoso (died 1260) was a Venetian nobleman and second Latin ruler of the island of Lemnos in Greece.	Leonardo Navigajoso	1260
date of death	Richard Edgcumbe, 2nd Baron Edgcumbe PC (2 August 1716 -- 10 May 1761) was a British nobleman and politician.	Richard Edgcumbe, 2nd Baron Edgcumbe	10 May 1761
date of death	Fikret Arıcan (17 July 1912 -- 1994) was the Chairman of the Türkiye Süper Ligi team Fenerbahçe between 1984--86.	Fikret Arıcan	1994
date of death	Maurice Ronald MacNab, born in Hythe, Kent on 6 May 1902 -- 12 April 1962, was an English cricketer.	Ronald MacNab	12 April 1962
date of death	Flor Peeters (Baron Peeters) (born 4 July 1903 in Tielen, died 4 July 1986 in Mechelen) was an important Belgian composer, organist and teacher.	Flor Peeters	4 July 1986
date of death	Lucy Wills, MA (Cantab), LRCP, MB BS (Lond) (10 May 1888 -- 26 April 1964) was a leading English haematologist.	Lucy Wills	26 April 1964
date of death	Paul Matteoli (7 November 1929 -- 12 December 1988) was a French cyclist who was active on the road and track between 1949 and 1956.	Paul Matteoli	12 December 1988
date of death	Jack Merriott RI, ROI, RSMA, RWS (15 November 1901 -- 1968) was an English author, artist, and poster designer famous for his artworks produced for British Railways and the General Post Office.	Jack Merriott	1968
date of death	Pedro Ponce de León the Elder (died 1352) was a Castilian nobleman, grandson of King Alfonso IX of León.	Pedro Ponce de León the Elder	1352
date of death	Nicolas-Sébastien Adam (22 March 1705 -- 27 March 1778), also called ``Adam the Younger'', was a French sculptor working in the Neoclassical style.	Nicolas-Sébastien Adam	27 March 1778
date of death	Karl-Heinz Reincke (28 May 1925 -- 13 July 2011) was a German-born actor, long-based in Vienna.	Heinz Reincke	13 July 2011
date of death	Joseph Bradish (28 November 1672 -- 12 July 1700) was a pirate in the company of Captain Kidd.	Joseph Bradish	12 July 1700
date of death	John Washington (1633--1677) was an English Virginia planter and politician.	John Washington	1677
date of death	Adolf Heyduk (6 June 1835 -- 6 February 1923) was a distinguished Czech poet and writer.	Adolf Heyduk	6 February 1923
date of death	Lars Brandstrup (13 April 1913 -- 25 January 1997) was a Norwegian gallerist.	Lars Brandstrup	1997
date of death	B. Muriel Bristol-Roach (21 April 1888 -- 15 March 1950), Ph.D., was a scientist working in the field of alga biology who worked at the Rothamsted Experimental Station in 1919.	Muriel Bristol	15 March 1950
date of death	Richard Wright Procter (1816--1881) was an English barber, poet and author.	Richard Wright Procter	1881
date of death	Ralph Townsend (27 November 1900 -- 25 January 1976) was an American author, consul and political activist noted for his opposition to the entry of the United States into World War II. Townsend was born in North Carolina and educated in New York.	Ralph Townsend	25 January 1976
date of death	Nichiō (日奥, 1565 -- 1630) was a Nichiren Buddhist who founded the Fuju-fuse subsect.	Nichiō	1630
date of death	Dame Flora MacLeod of MacLeod, DBE (3 February 1878 -- 4 November 1976) was the 28th chief of Clan MacLeod.	Flora MacLeod of MacLeod	4 November 1976
date of death	Willy Stöwer (22 May 1864 -- 31 May 1931) was a German artist, illustrator and author during the Imperial Period.	Willy Stöwer	31 May 1931
date of death	Jane Bruce (1847 or 1848 -- 30 November 1907) was a Canadian teacher.	Jane Bruce	30 November 1907
date of death	Jane West (born Iliffe) (1758--1852), who published as Prudentia Homespun and Mrs. West, was an English novelist, poet, playwright, and writer of conduct literature and educational tracts.	Jane West	1852
date of death	Mysore Srinivas (1943 -- 16 October 1995), known by his stage name Thoogudeepa Srinivas, was an Indian film actor who acted in Kannada films.	Thoogudeepa Srinivas	16 October 1995
date of death	SS-Scharführer Herbert Floss or Herbert Floß (25 August 1912 -- 22 October 1943) served as acting commander of the Sobibor extermination camp during the Holocaust in Poland.	Herbert Floss	22 October 1943
date of death	Dantidurga (735--756 CE), also known as Dantivarman or Dantidurga II was the founder of the Rashtrakuta Empire of Manyakheta.	Dantidurga	756
date of death	George Ross, 11th Lord Ross of Halkhead (died April 1682), was a Scottish nobleman and soldier.	George Ross, 11th Lord Ross	April 1682
date of death	Richard Maitland, 4th Earl of Lauderdale (20 June 1653, Haltoun House -- 1695, Paris, France) was a Scottish politician.	Richard Maitland, 4th Earl of Lauderdale	1695
date of death	Jan Kiszka (1552--1592) was a politician, magnate, patron, and benefactor of Polish brethren in the 16th century Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	Jan Kiszka	1592
date of death	Joseph Escapa (c. 1572--1662) served in the rabbinate of İzmir.	Joseph Escapa	1662
date of death	Frederick William, Prince of Nassau-Weilburg (Friedrich Wilhelm; 25 October 1768, The Hague -- 9 January 1816, Weilburg) was a ruler of Nassau-Weilburg.	Frederick William, Prince of Nassau-Weilburg	9 January 1816
date of death	Anwar Solangi (1944--2008) was a Pakistani television and radio artist.	Anwar Solangi	2008
date of death	Daniel Ozmo (born 1912 in Olovo, died 1942 in Jasenovac concentration camp) was a Yugoslav Jewish painter and printmaker.	Daniel Ozmo	1942
date of death	Pádraig Ághas (died 22 December 1966) was an Irish independent politician and schoolteacher.	Pádraig Ághas	22 December 1966
date of death	Nikolaus Gerhaert (c.1420 -- 11 June 1473), also known as Nikolaus Gerhaert van Leyden, was a sculptor of Dutch origin, although aside from his sculptures, few details are known of his life.	Nikolaus Gerhaert	1473
date of death	Rabbi Hillel Poisic (15.1.1881 Zlatopol, Ukraine -- 1953 Tel Aviv, Israel) was a communal worker and Torah scholar.	Hillel Poisic	1953
date of death	Nasir ad-Din Mahmud (or Mahmud II) was the Zengid Emir of Mossul 1219--1234.	Nasir ad-Din Mahmud	1234
date of death	Bernhard Eriksson (19 April 1878 -- 18 April 1952) was a Swedish social democratic politician.	Bernhard Eriksson	18 April 1952
date of death	Peder Jönsson (died 1640), was a Swedish hunter and fisherman from Söderköping, who was executed for having confessed to sexual intercourse with a Sjörået (a lake-nymph; a mythical female creature of the lake).	Peder Jönsson	1640
date of death	Piotr Tomicki (1464 -- 19 October 1535) was a Roman Catholic Bishop of Przemyśl and Poznań, Archbishop of Kraków, Vice-Chancellor of the Crown, and Royal Secretary.	Piotr Tomicki	19 October 1535
date of death	Charles d’Orville Pilkington Jackson ARSA, FRBS, FRSA (11 October 1887 -- 20 September 1973) was a British sculptor prominent in Scotland in the 20th century.	Pilkington Jackson	20 September 1973
date of death	Maximilien Winter (1871--1935) was a French philosopher of mathematics.	Maximilien Winter	1935
date of death	Jürgen Henning Illies (14 March 1924 -- 2 August 1982) was a German geologist expert in taphrogenesis (i.e. rift formation).	Henning Illies	2 August 1982
date of death	Gabriel Gifford OSB (also known as Dom Gabriel of St Mary or French: Gabriel de Sainte-Marie) (1554 -- 11 April 1629) was an English Roman Catholic Benedictine monk who became Archbishop of Reims.	Gabriel Gifford	11 April 1629
date of death	Nguyễn Tường Tam (Cẩm Giàng, Hải Dương 25 July 1906 - Saigon, 7 July 1963) better known by his pen-name Nhất Linh was a Vietnamese writer, editor and publisher in colonial Hanoi.	Nhất Linh	7 July 1963
date of death	Pieter Snyers or Peter Snijers (first name also written as: 'Peeter' and nickname 'De Heilige' or 'The Holy One') (30 March 1681 - 4 May 1752) was a Flemish art collector, painter, draughtsman and engraver who worked in a wide variety of genres.	Pieter Snyers	4 May 1752
date of death	Yoshinao Nakada (中田喜直, Shibuya, Tokyo, 1 August 1923 -- 3 May 2000) was a Japanese composer.	Yoshinao Nakada	3 May 2000
date of death	Edward Morecroft (died 1580) was a Canon of Windsor from 1560 to 1580	Edward Morecroft	1580
date of death	Matthew Raine (1760--1811) was an English schoolmaster and cleric.	Matthew Raine	1811
date of death	Daniel Thomas Egerton (1797-1842), was a British landscape painter, Egerton was one of the original members of the Society of British Artists, where he exhibited in the years 1824 to 1829, and in 1838 to 1840.	Daniel Thomas Egerton	1842
date of death	Lucas Fernández de Piedrahita (1624-March 29, 1688) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as the Bishop of Panamá (1676-1688) and the Bishop of Santa Marta (1668-1676).	Lucas Fernández de Piedrahita	1688
date of death	Major Sir George Gipps (1791 -- 28 February 1847) was Governor of the colony of New South Wales, Australia, for eight years, between 1838 and 1846.	George Gipps	28 February 1847
date of death	Thích Thiên-Ân (釋天恩) (September 1926 - November 1980) was an influential teacher and Buddhist monk of Vietnamese Thiền (Zen) Buddhism and was active in the United States from 1966 to 1980.	Thích Thiên-Ân	1980
date of death	Eleanor Palmer (died 29 February 1558) was an English philanthropist who established a charity to help the poor of Chipping Barnet and Kentish Town.	Eleanor Palmer	29 February 1558
date of death	Milorad Rajović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милорад Рајовић; 13 May 1955 -- 12 January 2016) was a Serbian footballer.	Milorad Rajović	2016
date of death	Stanislaus Mink von Wennsshein (also Wenusheim, Winusheim) was the pseudonym of Johann Just Winkelmann (1620 - 1699), under which he introduced a famous mnemonic system known as the major system (also called phonetic system or phonetic mnemonic system), which is over 300 years old and is used for memorizing numbers.	Stanislaus Mink von Wennsshein	1699
date of death	Sophia Julia Woolf (born 1831, d. 1903) was an English composer known for songs and opera.	Julia Woolf	1903
date of death	Sam Kahn (15 December 1911 -- 25 August 1987) was a South African Communist and MP from 1949 to 1952, for one of the constituencies representing African voters.	Sam Kahn	25 August 1987
date of death	Carlos Frederick MacDonald, M.D. (August 29, 1845 -- May 29, 1926) was a psychiatrist, and the chairman of the New York State Commission in Lunacy from 1880 to 1896.	Carlos Frederick MacDonald	1926
date of death	Anna Komnene Doukaina (died 4 January 1286), known in French as Agnes, was Princess-consort of the Principality of Achaea in 1258--1278.	Anna Komnene Doukaina	4 January 1286
date of death	Albert Ernest Archer (died 1949) was a Canadian physician and political activist.	Albert Ernest Archer	1949
date of death	Coert Steynberg (7 January 1905 -- 28 July 1982) was a renowned South African sculptor who worked in stone, marble, bronze, copper and wood.	Coert Steynberg	28 July 1982
date of death	Robert Chalmers, 1st Baron Chalmers, GCB, PC (18 August 1858 -- 17 November 1938), was a British civil servant, and a Pali and Buddhist scholar.	Robert Chalmers, 1st Baron Chalmers	17 November 1938
date of death	Thomas Lanquet (or Lanket) (1521--1545) was an English chronicler.	Thomas Lanquet	1545
date of death	Antonio Piccinni (1846- January, 1920) was an Italian painter, mainly of watercolors.	Antonio Piccinni	January, 1920
date of death	Sir Henry le Scrope (b. in or before 1268 - 7 September 1336) was an English lawyer, and Chief Justice of the King's Bench for two periods between 1317 and 1330.	Henry le Scrope	1336
date of death	Domenico Poggini (1520--1590) was an Italian sculptor, engraver, medallist, goldsmith, and poet.	Domenico Poggini	1590
date of death	James Livingston, 1st Earl of Callendar (c. 1590s -- 1674), army officer who fought on the Royalist side in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.	James Livingston, 1st Earl of Callendar	1674
date of death	John Streater (died 1687) was an English soldier, political writer and printer.	John Streater	1687
date of death	Opoku Ware I (1700--1750) was an Oyoko king or Asantehene - the ruler of the Ashanti - in the now-disbanded Ashanti Confederacy which occupied parts of what is now Ghana.	Opoku Ware I	1750
date of death	Paul Vacher (pronounced: (pɔl vaʃe)) (died 1975) was a French perfumer.	Paul Vacher	1975
date of death	Hugo Neumann (8 May 1882 -- 4 September 1962) was a German jurist, politician of the Free City of Danzig and writer.	Hugo Neumann	4 September 1962
date of death	Gilbert Vaughn Hemsley, Jr. (1936--1983) was a noted United States lighting designer and teacher of lighting design.	Gilbert Vaughn Hemsley, Jr.	1983
date of death	Frank Sparrow (1 July 1927 -- 31 December 2000) was an Australian rules footballer who played for East Perth, Swan Districts and West Perth in the WANFL during the 1940s and 1950s.	Frank Sparrow	31 December 2000
date of death	Sir Ralph Sandwich (1235--1308) (also known as Ralph de Sandwich and Ralph of Sandwich), of Dene (in Margate), Ham, and Ripple, Kent, Winchfield, Hampshire, etc., was an English administrator and justice.	Ralph Sandwich	1308
date of death	Stephen Moore, 2nd Earl Mount Cashell (19 March 1770 -- 27 October 1822), styled Lord Kilworth between 1781 and 1790, was an Anglo-Irish politician.	Stephen Moore, 2nd Earl Mount Cashell	27 October 1822
date of death	George Syncellus (Greek: Γεώργιος Σύγκελλος; died after 810) was a Byzantine chronicler and ecclesiastic.	George Syncellus	810
date of death	John Scandrett Harford, FRS (8 October 1785 -- 16 April 1866) was a British banker, benefactor and abolitionist.	John Scandrett Harford	16 April 1866
date of death	Kannavath Sankaran Nambiar (c. 1760 -- 27 November 1801) was the prime minister or Sarvadikaryakar of Pazhassi Raja.	Kannavath Sankaran Nambiar	27 November 1801
date of death	Erich Ebermayer (14 September 1900 -- 22 September 1970) was a German writer who wrote a number of plays, novels and articles.	Erich Ebermayer	22 September 1970
date of death	Harold Edwin Hurst (1 January 1880 -- 7 December 1978) was a British hydrologist from Leicester.	Harold Edwin Hurst	7 December 1978
date of death	Bismillah Khan (Urdu: استاد بسم اللہ خان صاحب‎; 21 March 1913 -- 21 August 2006), often referred to by the honorific title Ustad, was an Indian musician credited with popularizing the shehnai, a subcontinental wind instrument of the oboe class.	Bismillah Khan	21 August 2006
date of death	Isabella Colonna (1513 - 1570) was an Italian noblewoman, a member of the Colonna family.	Isabella Colonna	1570
date of death	Giampiero Albertini (20 December 1927 -- 14 May 1991) was an Italian actor, voice actor and TV personality.	Giampiero Albertini	14 May 1991
date of death	Olimpia Ana Pía Sebastiani (27 February 1925 -- 26 July 2015) was an Argentine pianist and composer.	Pía Sebastiani	26 July 2015
date of death	Sir Michael Kerry KCB QC MA (5 August 1923 -- 11 May 2012) was the holder of the official titles of Her Majesty's Procurator General and Treasury Solicitor from 1980 to 1984.	Michael Kerry	11 May 2012
date of death	Juan Hernández Giménez (1914--2006) was an aviator and informant Spanish for the French Resistance.	Juan Hernández Giménez	2006
date of death	Romana Calligaris (15 December 1924 -- 21 April 2002) was an Italian freestyle swimmer who won 15 national titles between 1947 and 1953.	Romana Calligaris	21 April 2002
date of death	Shivaji Bhonsle (Marathi (ʃiʋaˑɟiˑ bʱoˑs(ə)leˑ); c. 1627/1630 -- 3 April 1680), also known as Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj, was an Indian warrior king and a member of the Bhonsle Maratha clan.	Shivaji	3 April 1680
date of death	Philip D. Coombs was the Washington State Archivist under Secretary of State Ralph Munroe and then under Secretary of State Sam Reed from October 1999 through his sudden death in July 2001.	Philip D. Coombs	2001
date of death	William Coffey VC DCM (5 August 1829 -- 13 July 1875), born in Knocklong, County Limerick, was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	William Coffey	13 July 1875
date of death	Ludwik Sempoliński, real name Bohdan Kierski (18 August 1899 -- 17 April 1981) was a Polish film actor.	Ludwik Sempoliński	17 April 1981
date of death	Lemuel Abbott (ca. 1730 -- April 1776) was an English clergyman and poet.	Lemuel Abbott	1776
date of death	Joshua Jeays died on 11 March 1881 in Brisbane and is buried in Toowong Cemetery.	Joshua Jeays	11 March 1881
date of death	Wentworth Dillon, 4th Earl of Roscommon (c. 1633 -- 18 January 1685), was an English poet.	Wentworth Dillon, 4th Earl of Roscommon	18 January 1685
date of death	K. Krishnamurthy (22 October 1915-6 March 2011) was an Indian writer, publisher and political activist.	K. Krishnamurthy	6 March 2011
date of death	Sara Benetowa, later known as Sula Benet (1903--1982), was a Polish anthropologist of the 20th century who studied Polish and Judaic customs and traditions.	Sula Benet	1982
date of death	Rainulf Drengot (also Ranulph, Ranulf, or Rannulf; died June 1045) was a Norman adventurer and mercenary in southern Italy.	Rainulf Drengot	1045
date of death	Václav David (23 September 1910, Studený, Bohemia - 5 January 1996) is a Czechoslovak diplomat, he was Czechoslovak foreign minister from 31 January 1953 to 8 April 1968.	Václav David	5 January 1996
date of death	Princess Maria Anna Victoria of Savoy (11 September 1683 -- 11 October 1763) was the daughter of Prince Louis Thomas of Savoy, Count of Soissons, and Uranie de La Cropte de Beauvais.	Princess Maria Anna Victoria of Savoy	11 October 1763
date of death	John Warner Barber (February 2, 1798 -- June 1885) was an American engraver whose books of state, national, and local history featured his vivid illustrations, said to have caught the flavor and appearance of city, town, and countryside scenes in his day.	John Warner Barber	June 1885
date of death	Roberto Ubaldini (1581 -- 22 April 1635) was a bishop and cardinal of the Catholic Church.	Roberto Ubaldini	22 April 1635
date of death	Andy Pattison (2 November 1885 -- 12 June 1952) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton, Fitzroy and Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Andy Pattison	12 June 1952
date of death	Morris Cargill CD (10 June 1914 -- 8 April 2000, Kingston) was a Jamaican lawyer, businessman, planter, journalist and novelist.	Morris Cargill	8 April 2000
date of death	Valentin Voss (27 August 1880 -- 23 June 1964) was a Norwegian lawyer and civil servant.	Valentin Voss	23 June 1964
date of death	Jeanie (Jenny) Cameron (1695?--1773? or 1724?--1786?) was a hero of the Jacobite risings in Scotland under Bonnie Prince Charlie in 1745.	Jeanie (Jenny) Cameron	1773	1786
date of death	Ivan Broz (21 January 1852 -- 25 December 1893) was a Croatian linguist and literary historian.	Ivan Broz	1893
date of death	Jean-Pierre Ponnelle (19 February 1932 -- 11 August 1988) was a noted French opera director.	Jean-Pierre Ponnelle	11 August 1988
date of death	Roy Allen (1918--1991) was an American, born in the north Philadelphia neighborhood of Olney.	Roy Allen	1991
date of death	Tan Sri Datin Sri Cempaka Kontek Kamariah Ahmad (5 August 1911 - 17 August 2006) scored many ``firsts'' for women in the co-operative movement, education and politics in Malaysia.	Kontek Kamariah Ahmad	17 August 2006
date of death	Michal Har'el née Herison (1931-2012), was born in Jerusalem and became the second Miss Israel, a women's rights activist and one of three lifetime honorary presidents of Women's International Zionist Organization.	Michal Har'el	2012
date of death	Theo van Wijngaarden (27 February 1874, Rotterdam -- 4 November 1952, Voorburg) was a Dutch art forger.	Theo van Wijngaarden	4 November 1952
date of death	John Moat (11 September 1936 -- 16 September 2014) was a British poet, and co-founder, with John Fairfax, of the Arvon Foundation in 1968.	John Moat	16 September 2014
date of death	Edward Ash Hadow (18 April 1831 -- 11 August 1866) was an English Chemist.	Edward Ash Hadow	11 August 1866
date of death	The Hon. Dr. John Reginald Garcia Valarino MB, ChB, better known as Reggie Valarino, (9 June 1941 -- 13 March 2009) was a Gibraltarian doctor and politician.	Reggie Valarino	13 March 2009
date of death	David Friday (1876--1945) president of the U.S. state of Michigan's Michigan Agricultural College (now Michigan State University) from 1922 to 1923.	David Friday	1945
date of death	Wirjono Prodjodikoro (15 June 1903 -- April 1985) was the head justice of the Indonesian Supreme Court from 1952 to 1966.	Wirjono Prodjodikoro	April 1985
date of death	Taichleach Ua Dubhda, King of Uí Fiachrach Muaidhe, died 1192.	Taichleach Ua Dubhda	1192
date of death	Jean-Claude Pirotte (20 October 1939 -- 24 May 2014) was a Belgian writer, poet and painter.	Jean-Claude Pirotte	24 May 2014
date of death	Thomas Sinton, JP (February 1826 -- 20 August 1887) was an Irish industrialist and magistrate.	Thomas Sinton	20 August 1887
date of death	Mikołaj Ostroróg (1593--1651) was a Polish-Lithuanian szlachcic (nobleman), politician and general.	Mikołaj Ostroróg	1651
date of death	Ernst Hinterberger (17 October 1931 -- 14 May 2012) was an Austrian writer of novels, particularly detective novels, plays and successful sitcoms.	Ernst Hinterberger	14 May 2012
date of death	Johann Georg Bergmüller (15 April 1688 -- 2 April 1762) was a painter, particularly of frescoes, of the Baroque.	Johann Georg Bergmüller	2 April 1762
date of death	Abdelaziz Meziane Belfqih (1944--9 May 2010) was a Moroccan civil servant and senior advisor of king Mohammed VI.	Abdelaziz Meziane Belfqih	9 May 2010
date of death	Wang Yaowu (Chinese: 王耀武; pinyin: Wáng Yàowŭ, 1904--1968) was a high-ranking KMT general and the Governor of Shandong Province who successfully fought against both the Imperial Japanese Army and the Chinese Communists.	Wang Yaowu	1968
date of death	Franz Werner von Tamm (1658--1724) was a German Baroque painter who travelled to and worked in Italy.	Franz Werner von Tamm	1724
date of death	Carl Albert Unbehaun (1851 -- 5 February 1924) was an electrical engineer in South Australia.	Carl Albert Unbehaun	5 February 1924
date of death	Mihran Apikyan (Armenian: Միհրան Աբիկյան; 1855, Istanbul - 1938, Istanbul) was an Armenian and Turkish writer and educator of Armenian descent.	Mihran Apikyan	1938
date of death	Rabbi Mendel Hess (March 17, 1807, Lengsfeld (now Stadtlengsfeld), Saxe-Weimar - September 21, 1871, Eisenach) was a German rabbi.	Mendel Hess	1871
date of death	Carlo Garbieri (ca. 1600-1649) was an Italian painter of the early Baroque period.	Carlo Garbieri	1649
date of death	Valentin Schindler (14 February 1543 -- 11 June 1604) was a Lutheran Hebraist and professor of the University of Wittenberg, where he was an important teacher of the Hebrew language.	Valentin Schindler	11 June 1604
date of death	Squadron Leader John Noel Dowland GC (6 November 1914 -- 13 January 1942) was awarded the George Cross, as was civilian armament instructor Leonard Henry Harrison, for his gallantry in defusing a bomb which had fallen on the grain ship SS Kildare in Immingham docks on 11 February 1940.	John Noel Dowland	13 January 1942
date of death	Tierno Bokar (Fula: Cerno Bokar), full name Tierno Bokar Saalif Tall (1875--1939), was a Malian mystic, Sufi sage, and a Muslim spiritual teacher of the early twentieth century famous for his message of religious tolerance and universal love.	Tierno Bokar	1939
date of death	Berthe Qvistgaard (11 August 1910 -- 24 October 1999) was a Danish stage and film actress, and winner of the prestigious Tagea Brandt Rejselegat award in 1965.	Berthe Qvistgaard	24 October 1999
date of death	Le Yanwei (樂彥瑋) (died 676), courtesy name Degui (德珪), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving briefly as chancellor during the reign of Emperor Gaozong.	Le Yanwei	676
date of death	William Woodfall (7 February 1746 -- 1803) was an English printer and publisher in the 18th century.	William Woodfall	1803
date of death	Brigadier Arthur Gordon Matthew CBE DSO (22 December 1898 -- 6 October 1947) was a British Royal Artillery officer who served in the First World War and the Second World War.	Arthur Gordon Matthew	6 October 1947
date of death	August Spångberg (29 March 1893 - 19 June 1987) was a Swedish labor politician.	August Spångberg	19 June 1987
date of death	Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche (Tibetan: དིལ་མགོ་མཁྱེན་བརྩེ་, Wylie: dil mgo mkhyen brtse) (c. 1910 -- 28 September 1991) was a Vajrayana master, scholar, poet, teacher, and head of the Nyingma school of Tibetan Buddhism from 1987 to 1991.	Dilgo Khyentse	28 September 1991
date of death	Arthur Rex Knight, (9 May 1903 -- 9 March 1963) was born in Wilcannia, New South Wales in Australia.	Arthur Rex Knight	9 March 1963
date of death	Eduardo Armstrong Toro (24 January 1851 - 19 June 1895) was Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico, from 1894 to 1895.	Eduardo Armstrong	19 June 1895
date of death	Margrethe von der Lühe (1741-1826) was a Danish courtier;	Margrethe von der Lühe	1826
date of death	Corneille de Lyon (early 16th century - 8 November 1575 (buried))) was a Dutch painter of portraits who was active in Lyon, France from 1533 until his death.	Corneille de Lyon	8 November 1575
date of death	John Colley Nixon (died 1818) was an English merchant and amateur artist.	John Colley Nixon	1818
date of death	Robert Charnock (or Chernock) (c. 1663 -- 18 March 1696) was an English academic and Jacobite conspirator.	Robert Charnock	1696
date of death	Ioannis Koutsis (Greek: Ιωάννης Κούτσης, 1860-1953) was a Greek painter who was a member of the Munich School Greek art movement of the 19th century.	Ioannis Koutsis	1953
date of death	Thomas Bardwell (1704 - 9 Sept 1767) was an English portrait and figure painter, art copyist, and writer.	Thomas Bardwell	1767
date of death	Nicholas John Brown (9 October 1838 -- 22 September 1903) was a pastoralist and politician in colonial Tasmania, a Speaker of the Tasmanian House of Assembly.	Nicholas John Brown	22 September 1903
date of death	Stuart Frank Doyle (1 December 1887 -- 1945), better known as Stuart F. Doyle, was an Australian radio and theatrical entrepreneur.	Stuart F. Doyle	1945
date of death	Allen Hughes (28 December 1921 -- 16 November 2009) was an American dance and music critic.	Allen Hughes	16 November 2009
date of death	Laurent Catellier (5 September 1839 -- 17 January 1918) was a Canadian physician and professor.	Laurent Catellier	17 January 1918
date of death	Arnold Silverstone, Baron Ashdown (28 September 1911 -- 24 July 1977) was a British life peer.	Arnold Silverstone, Baron Ashdown	24 July 1977
date of death	Michael of Cesena (Michele di Cesena or Michele Fuschi) (c. 1270 -- 29 November 1342) was an Italian Franciscan, general of that Order, and theologian.	Michael of Cesena	1342
date of death	Alessandro Moreschi (11 November 1858 -- 21 April 1922) was a castrato singer of the late 19th century and the only castrato to make solo recordings.	Alessandro Moreschi	21 April 1922
date of death	Pak Se-yong (1902--1989) was a North Korean poet and politician, best known for writing the lyrics of ``Aegukka'', the national anthem of North Korea.	Pak Se-yong	1989
date of death	Jacques Alexis de Verteuil (26 March 1726 -- 24 December 1793) was a French general and chevalier of the Order of the Holy Spirit (1770).	Jacques Alexis de Verteuil	24 December 1793
date of death	Faisal bin Turki I bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (Arabic: فيصل بن تركي الأول بن عبد العزيز آل سعود‎, Faisal bin Turkī l-ʾAwwal bin ʿAbd al-ʿAzīz Āl Saʿūd) (1918--1968), was the eldest son of Turki I bin Abdulaziz Al Saud.	Faisal bin Turki I bin Abdulaziz Al Saud	1968
date of death	Johan Fredrik Eckersberg (16 June 1822 -- 13 July 1870) was a Norwegian painter most noted for his landscapes.	Johan Fredrik Eckersberg	13 July 1870
date of death	Alfréd Hajós (1 February 1878 -- 12 November 1955) was a Hungarian swimmer and architect.	Alfréd Hajós	12 November 1955
date of death	Murry S. King (1870--1925) (often spelled ``Murray'') was Florida's first registered architect, a noted American architect with a successful practice in Orlando, Florida, in the 1910s and 1920s.	Murry S. King	1925
date of death	Charles Shaw-Lefevre, 1st Viscount Eversley GCB, PC (22 February 1794 -- 28 December 1888), was a British Whig politician.	Charles Shaw-Lefevre, 1st Viscount Eversley	28 December 1888
date of death	Emilian Bukov (Russian: Емилиа́н Не́стерович Бу́ков; 8 August (O.S. 26 July) 1909 Kiliya, Odessa Oblast, Ukraine -- 17 October 1984) was a Soviet Moldavian writer and poet, recognized with the State Prize of the Moldavian SSR and honorary title of People's Writer of the Moldavian SSR (1982).	Emilian Bukov	17 October 1984
date of death	James Warnecombe or Warmecombe (by 1523 - 21 February 1581), of Ivington, Herefordshire, was an English politician.	James Warnecombe	21 February 1581
date of death	Major General Douangchay Phichit (5 April 1944 -- 17 May 2014) was a Laotian politician from Attapeu and a Politburo member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party (from the 7th Congress of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party until his death).	Douangchay Phichit	17 May 2014
date of death	Ronald Eckersley (born 4 September 1925, Bingley, Yorkshire, England - 30 May 2009) is an English former first-class cricketer, who played one match for Yorkshire County Cricket Club against the Royal Air Force, at North Marine Road Ground, Scarborough in 1945.	Ronald Eckersley	30 May 2009
date of death	William Korey (16 June 1922 -- 26 August 2009) was a lobbyist on international issues for B’nai B’rith.	William Korey	26 August 2009
date of death	Egfrid of Lindisfarne (also known as Heathured) was Bishop of Lindisfarne from 821 until his death in 830.	Egfrid of Lindisfarne	830
date of death	John deKoven Hill (1920-1996) was an American architect, honorary chairman of the Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation and editorial director of House Beautiful magazine.	John deKoven Hill	1996
date of death	Einar Woxen, MBE (5 November 1878 -- 12 November 1937) was a Norwegian barrister and journalist.	Einar Woxen	12 November 1937
date of death	Father George Kandathil SJ (25 December 1920 -- 7 November 2011) is the pioneer of transactional analysis (TA) in India.	George Kandathil	7 November 2011
date of death	Gaston Redon (1853--1921) was a French architect, teacher, and graphic artist.	Gaston Redon	1921
date of death	Sheikh Gad al-Haq Ali Gad al-Haq (5 April 1917 - 15 March 1996) was Grand Imam of Al-Azhar from 1982 to 1996.	Gad al-Haq	15 March 1996
date of death	John Wilson-Patten, 1st Baron Winmarleigh PC (26 April 1802 -- 11 July 1892) was a British Conservative politician.	John Wilson-Patten, 1st Baron Winmarleigh	11 July 1892
date of death	Nancy Keesing (7 September 1923 -- 19 January 1993) was a Jewish Australian writer and editor.	Nancy Keesing	19 January 1993
date of death	Thomas Nuthall (died 7 March 1775) was an English politician and attorney who played an historic role in the ministries of William Pitt, Lord Bute, and Lord Rockingham.	Thomas Nuthall	7 March 1775
date of death	W. Dorr Legg (born William Dorr Lambert Legg 1904--July 26, 1994), was a landscape architect and one of the founders of the United States gay rights movement, then called the homophile movement.	W. Dorr Legg	1994
date of death	John Meinhard VII, Count of Gorizia (1378 or 1380 -- 22 May 1430) was a member of the Meinhardiner dynasty.	John Meinhard VII, Count of Gorizia	1430
date of death	Baldwin Hyde (died 16 August 1472) was a Canon of Windsor from 1469 to 1472 and Clerk of the Parliaments 1470 - 1741	Baldwin Hyde	16 August 1472
date of death	Grazioso Rusca (1757 -- 18 June 1829) was a Swiss sculptor who was also active in northern Italy.	Grazioso Rusca	18 June 1829
date of death	Aksel Frederik Andersen (10 February 1891 Fodby, Denmark -- 1972 Gentofte, Denmark) was a Danish mathematician who worked on infinite series and in particular on Cesàro summation.	Aksel Frederik Andersen	1972
date of death	John Gillespie Magee, Jr. (9 June 1922 -- 11 December 1941) was an American aviator and poet, made famous for his poem High Flight.	John Gillespie Magee, Jr.	11 December 1941
date of death	Elizabeth Needham (died 3 May 1731), also known as Mother Needham, was an English procuress and brothel-keeper of 18th-century London, who has been identified as the bawd greeting Moll Hackabout in the first plate of William Hogarth's series of satirical etchings, A Harlot's Progress.	Elizabeth Needham	3 May 1731
date of death	Gonçalo Álvares (?? -- 1524) was a Portuguese explorer who actively participated in the age of discovery starting from the second voyage of Diogo Cão.	Gonçalo Álvares	1524
date of death	Luis Augusto Turcios Lima (23 November 1941 - 2 October 1966) was a Guatemalan army officer and leader of the Rebel Armed Forces (Fuerzas Armadas Rebeldes, or FAR).	Luis Augusto Turcios Lima	2 October 1966
date of death	John Guildesborough or Gildesburgh (c. 1331 -- 1389) was Knight of the Shire for Essex and Speaker of the House of Commons of England in 1380.	John Guildesborough	1389
date of death	Štefan Uher (4 June 1930 -- 29 March 1993) was a Slovak film director, one of the founders of the ``Czechoslovak New Wave''.	Štefan Uher	29 March 1993
date of death	Guan Bo (關播) (719 -- February 4, 797), courtesy name Wuyuan (務元), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.	Guan Bo	797
date of death	William Hone (3 June 1780 -- 8 November 1842) was an English writer, satirist and bookseller.	William Hone	8 November 1842
date of death	Robert Besley (1794--1876) was an English typographer, creator of Clarendon (typeface) in 1845 and the Lord Mayor of London in 1869.	Robert Besley	1876
date of death	John Goller (died 1874) was a pioneer settler in Los Angeles, California, as a result of the great gold rush of 1849, escaping with his life during a perilous crossing of the desert and claiming he had found prodigious gold deposits there.	John Goller	1874
date of death	Rolv Høiland (26 September 1926 -- 2001) was a Norwegian magazine editor.	Rolv Høiland	2001
date of death	Totti Truman Taylor, born Dorothy Leah Pedley (7 September 1915 -- 5 March 1981), was a British actress.	Totti Truman Taylor	5 March 1981
date of death	Panagiotis Paraskevopoulos (Greek: Παναγιώτης Παρασκευόπουλος, 1875 --8 July 1956) was a Greek athlete.	Panagiotis Paraskevopoulos	8 July 1956
date of death	Vic Bodsworth (10 July 1931 -- 3 December 1967) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Vic Bodsworth	3 December 1967
date of death	Leslie Waddington (9 February 1934 -- 30 November 2015) was a British art dealer who served as the chairman of Waddington Custot Galleries, 11 Cork Street, London.	Leslie Waddington	30 November 2015
date of death	Karel Rychlík (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkarɛl ˈrɪxliːk); 1885--1968) was a Czech mathematician who contributed significantly to the fields of algebra, number theory, mathematical analysis, and the history of mathematics.	Karel Rychlík	1968
date of death	Pedro Medina Avendaño (14 September 1915 -- 31 August 2012) was a Colombian lawyer and poet, author of the Anthem of Bogotá and the Anthem of Boyacá, he was also known as the ``Poet of the Anthems''.	Pedro Medina Avendaño	31 August 2012
date of death	Phannias ben Samuel (in Hebrew: פנחס בן שמואל Pinhas ben Shmuel) (c. 70 CE) was the last Jewish High Priest.	Phannias ben Samuel	70
date of death	Humphrey Walrond (c. 1600 -- c. 1670), was Deputy-Governor of Barbados.	Humphrey Walrond	1670
date of death	Ram Vilas Sharma (10 October 1912 -- 30 May 2000) was an eminent progressive literary critic, linguist, poet and thinker.	Ram Vilas Sharma	30 May 2000
date of death	Di Qing (1008--1057), formerly romanized as Ti Ch'ing, was a military general of the Northern Song dynasty.	Di Qing	1057
date of death	Air Chief Marshal Nikolaos Stapas (Greek: Νικόλαος Στάπας, 1937 -- 14 June 2011) was a Greek Air Force officer and Chief of the Hellenic Air Force General Staff.	Nikolaos Stapas	14 June 2011
date of death	Alan Ruddock (10 January 1944 -- 2 April 2012) was an Irish Martial Arts pioneer, teacher and writer.	Alan Ruddock	2 April 2012
date of death	John Stuart, Lord Mount Stuart (25 September 1767 -- 22 January 1794), was an England-born Scottish Tory politician.	John Stuart, Lord Mount Stuart	22 January 1794
date of death	John William Warde was a twenty-six-year-old native of Southampton, New York who committed suicide on July 26, 1938.	John William Warde	1938
date of death	Frederic Thesiger, 1st Baron Chelmsford PC KC FRS (25 April 1794 -- 5 October 1878) was a British jurist and Conservative politician.	Frederic Thesiger, 1st Baron Chelmsford	5 October 1878
date of death	Carola Goya (1906--1994) was an American dancer, choreographer, and teacher who specialized in the study and performance of Spanish dance.	Carola Goya	1994
date of death	Ekaterina Sankovskaya (1816, Moscow - 28 August 1878, Moscow) was a Russian dancer who graduated from the Moscow Bolshoi Ballet School in 1836.	Ekaterina Sankovskaya	28 August 1878
date of death	Nicolaas Jan van Strien (1 April 1946 -- 7 February 2008), or just Nico van Strien, was a zoologist and conservationist of Dutch ancestry.	Nicolaas Jan van Strien	7 February 2008
date of death	William Young Fullerton (8 March 1857 -- 17 August 1932) was a Baptist preacher, administrator and writer.	William Young Fullerton	17 August 1932
date of death	Athanasios Kanakaris-Roufos (Greek: Αθανάσιος Κανακάρης-Ρούφος, 1830--1902) was a Greek politician from Achaea.	Athanasios Kanakaris-Roufos	1902
date of death	Yngvar Sonnichsen (March 9, 1873 -- July 1938) was a Norwegian born, American artist and painter known especially for his portraits, landscapes and murals.	Yngvar Sonnichsen	1938
date of death	Edward Liddall Armitage or E. Liddall Armitage (1887-1967) was an English stained glass artist.	Edward Liddall Armitage	1967
date of death	William Primrose CBE (23 August 1904 -- 1 May 1982) was a Scottish violist and teacher.	William Primrose	1 May 1982
date of death	Max Benedict (20 February 1920 -- 20 April, 1986) was an Austrian born, British film editor.	Max Benedict	20 April, 1986
date of death	Harvey John Tompkins, M.D. (1906--1983) was an American physician, a psychiatrist, whose professional life was in public service.	Harvey John Tompkins	1983
date of death	Hermione Cobbold, Baroness Cobbold (born Margaret Hermione Millicent Bulwer-Lytton; 31 August 1905 -- 27 October 2004), known as Lady Hermione Bulwer-Lytton until 1930, was the British matriarch of Knebworth House and wife of Cameron Fromanteel Cobbold, 1st Baron Cobbold.	Hermione Cobbold, Baroness Cobbold	27 October 2004
date of death	Adam Adami, O.S.B. (1603 or 1610 -- 19 February 1663) was a German monk, diplomat and priest.	Adam Adami	19 February 1663
date of death	Jacques Maroger (French pronunciation: ​(maʁoʒe); 1884--1962) was a painter and the technical director of the Louvre Museum's laboratory in Paris.	Jacques Maroger	1962
date of death	Philipp Otto Runge (German: (ˈʀʊŋə); 23 July 1777 -- 2 December 1810) was a Romantic German painter and draughtsman.	Philipp Otto Runge	2 December 1810
date of death	James Grimble Groves (24 October 1854 -- 23 June 1914) was a British brewer and Conservative politician.	James Grimble Groves	23 June 1914
date of death	Iconologia di Cesare Ripa Perugino ...: divisa in tre libri, by Cesare Ripa, Cristoforo Tomassini publisher, Venice, 1645.	Cesare Ripa	1645
date of death	Sun Yuanheng (孫元亨) (died October 26, 696) was an official of Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty, serving briefly as chancellor.	Sun Yuanheng	696
date of death	James Durbin FBA (30 June 1923 -- 23 June 2012) was a British statistician and econometrician, known particularly for his work on time series analysis and serial correlation.	James Durbin	23 June 2012
date of death	Terence Harris MBE (6 July 1939 -- 18 March 2011), known as Jet Harris, was an English musician.	Jet Harris	18 March 2011
date of death	Sir Thomas Dale (died 19 August 1619) was an English naval commander and deputy-governor of the Virginia Colony in 1611 and from 1614 to 1616.	Thomas Dale	19 August 1619
date of death	Joe Slovo (23 May 1926 -- 6 January 1995, full name Yossel Mashel Slovo) was a South African politician, an opponent of the apartheid system.	Joe Slovo	6 January 1995
date of death	Ernest J. Burrus (1907-1991) was a Jesuit and a leading historian of northwestern New Spain, particularly the Baja California peninsula and Sonora.	Ernest J. Burrus	1991
date of death	Richard Henry Meade (1814 - 23 December 1899 in Bradford, England) was an English surgeon, and Justice of the peace.	Richard Henry Meade	23 December 1899
date of death	Franz Xaver Oberleitner (12 January 1789 -- 10 June 1832) was an Austrian theologian and orientalist.	Franz Xaver Oberleitner	10 June 1832
date of death	The Reverend John Wakeford (died 13 February 1930) was a Church of England clergyman who was convicted of adultery and deprived of his post as Archdeacon of Stow in a celebrated court case in 1921.	John Wakeford	13 February 1930
date of death	Willem Tomberg (1670, Gouda -- 1712, Gouda), was an 18th-century writer and stained glass painter.	Willem Tomberg	1712
date of death	Mehmet Arif Şenerim (1877--1951) was a Turkish military leader active during the Balkan Wars, the First World War, and the Turkish War of Independence.	Mehmet Arif Şenerim	1951
date of death	Gnanendramohan Tagore (also Gyanendramohan Tagore) (24 January 1826 -- 5 January 1890) was the first Asian to be called to the bar in England, in 1862.	Gnanendramohan Tagore	5 January 1890
date of death	Sylvester Phelps Hodgdon (1830--1906) was a prolific American painter.	Sylvester Phelps Hodgdon	1906
date of death	Simon Gipps-Kent (born Simon Trevor Kent; 25 October 1958 -- 16 September 1987) was a prolific 20th century English theatre and film actor in the 1970s-80s, noted for his teen portrayals of British royalty and nobility.	Simon Gipps-Kent	16 September 1987
date of death	Lyle Benjamin Borst (24 November 1912 -- 30 July 2002), nuclear physicist, inventor, worked with Enrico Fermi in Chicago, involved with the Manhattan District Project, and worked with Ernest O. Wollan to conduct neutron scattering and neutron diffraction studies.	Lyle Benjamin Borst	2002
date of death	Leonard Gyllenhaal (3 December 1752 -- 13 May 1840) was a Swedish military officer and entomologist.	Leonard Gyllenhaal	13 May 1840
date of death	Li Cunjin (李存進) (857--922), originally Sun Chongjin (孫重進), was a military general in imperial China's Tang Dynasty, and later the Jin territory in the ensuing Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period after Tang's collapse.	Li Cunjin	922
date of death	Gábor Ugron de Ábránfalva the Younger (8 January 1880 -- 27 October 1960) was a Hungarian politician, a member of one of the oldest noble families of Transylvania, who served as Interior Minister between 1917 and 1918.	Gábor Ugron	27 October 1960
date of death	John Kitto (4 December 1804 -- 25 November 1854) was an English biblical scholar of Cornish descent.	John Kitto	25 November 1854
date of death	Peder Als (16 May 1725 -- 8 July 1775) was a Danish historical and portrait painter	Peder Als	1775
date of death	John Olaf Todahl (1884--1924) was an American illustrator and cartoonist.	John Olaf Todahl	1924
date of death	Marshall Earle Reid (August 31, 1887 - December 5, 1955) was a pioneer early aviator.	Marshall Earle Reid	1955
date of death	Joseph-Dominique-Emmanuel Le Moyne de Longueuil (April 2, 1738 -- January 19, 1807) was a soldier, seigneur and politician in New France and Quebec.	Joseph-Dominique-Emmanuel Le Moyne de Longueuil	1807
date of death	Leonard Woodward (died 5 June 1976) was a British chemist who was associated with the University of Oxford for more than 30 years, and who was a leading authority in the field of Raman spectroscopy.	Leonard Woodward	5 June 1976
date of death	John Fergus O'Hea (b. c. 1838; d. 2 September 1922) was an Irish political cartoonist who sometimes published under the pseudonym Spex.	John Fergus O'Hea	2 September 1922
date of death	Antoni Szuniewicz (14 November 1911 in Leonowicze near Wilno - 12 March 1987 in Częstochowa) was a Polish organist, composer, conductor, choirmaster and music teacher.	Antoni Szuniewicz	12 March 1987
date of death	Umberto Melnati (17 June 1897 -- 30 March 1979) was an Italian film actor He appeared in over 35 films between 1932 and 1962.	Umberto Melnati	30 March 1979
date of death	Brigadier Martin Melvin Cruickshank CIE FRSE FRCSE FACS FICS (1888-1964) was a Scottish surgeon, specialising in ophthalmic surgery.	Martin Melvin Cruickshank	1964
date of death	William Hagan DuBarry (1894--1958) was the acting President of the University of Pennsylvania during parts of 1950-51, 1952, and 1953.	William Hagan DuBarry	1958
date of death	Pedro de Peralta (c. 1584 -- 1666) was Governor of New Mexico between 1610 and 1613 at a time when it was a province of New Spain.	Pedro de Peralta	1666
date of death	Peter Malberg (21 September 1887 -- 23 June 1965) was a Danish actor best known for his role as Onkel Anders in the Far Til Fire movies.	Peter Malberg	23 June 1965
date of death	Rabbi David Messas (15 July 1934 in Meknes, Morocco -- 20 November 2011 Paris) was the son of Rabbi Chalom Messas, the former Chief Rabbi of Morocco who subsequently became the sefardic Chief Rabbi of Jerusalem.	David Messas	20 November 2011
date of death	Sir George Thorold, 1st Baronet (c. 1666 -- 29 October 1722) of Harmston, Lincolnshire, was a leading London merchant.	George Thorold	29 October 1722
date of death	Helena Kara (originally Aini Helena Dahl, 16 August 1916 -- 26 February 2002) was a Finnish film actress.	Helena Kara	26 February 2002
date of death	Nikolaos Kantounis (Greek: Νικόλαος Καντούνης; 1767, Zakynthos -- 1834, Zakynthos) was a Greek painter; one of the most important representatives of the Heptanese School.	Nikolaos Kantounis	1834
date of death	Frank Perkins Whitman (1853--1919), was an American physicist	Frank Perkins Whitman	1919
date of death	Clement Shahbaz Bhatti (9 September 1968 -- 2 March 2011), popularly known as Shahbaz Bhatti, was a Pakistani politician and elected member of the National Assembly from 2008.	Shahbaz Bhatti	2 March 2011
date of death	Frederick Donald Blake RI, RSMA (1908--1997) was a Scottish artist.	Frederick Donald Blake	1997
date of death	Captain Sir Henry Chamberlain, 2nd Baronet (2 October 1796 -- 8 September 1843) was a British Army officer of the Royal Artillery and an artist whose series of drawings of Brazil were well known in his time.	Sir Henry Chamberlain, 2nd Baronet	8 September 1843
date of death	Julia von Mengden (Augusta Juliane) (1719--1786), was a Livonian noblewoman, lady in waiting, favourite and the intimate friend and confidante of the Russian regent Grand Duchess Anna Leopoldovna.	Julia von Mengden	1786
date of death	Tobias Hess (1558--1614) was a German lawyer based in Tübingen.	Tobias Hess	1614
date of death	Justus Ferdinand Poggenburg III (January 23, 1895 - December 1966) was an American billiards champion.	Justus Ferdinand Poggenburg III	1966
date of death	John Cradock (alias Craddock) (c. 1708 - 10 December 1778) was an English churchman, Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin from 1772.	John Cradock	10 December 1778
date of death	Yente Serdatzky (Serdatsky) (15 September 1877 -- 1 May 1962) was a Jewish-American Yiddish-language writer.	Yente Serdatzky	1 May 1962
date of death	Alfred Rutter Clarke (17 November 1867 -- 10 December 1932), generally referred to as ``Rutter Clarke'' or ``A. Rutter Clarke'', was an Australian stockbroker and investor whose company Clarke and Co., founded by his grandfather, William Clarke, operated in three states, and specialised in mining ventures.	Alfred Rutter Clarke	10 December 1932
date of death	Henry of Schweinfurt (de Suinvorde; c. 970 -- 18 September 1017) was the Margrave of the Nordgau from 994 until 1004.	Henry of Schweinfurt	18 September 1017
date of death	Samuel Tertius Galton (23 March 1783 -- 30 March 1844) was a businessman and scientist.	Samuel Tertius Galton	30 March 1844
date of death	Asen Lekarski (Bulgarian: Асен Лекарски ) (12 May 1901 -- 2 September 1952) was a Bulgarian fencer.	Asen Lekarski	2 September 1952
date of death	Ewart Bryon Butler (5 June 1934 -- 26 April 2001) was an English writer and broadcaster, best known as the BBC's football correspondent from 1968 to 1991.	Bryon Butler	26 April 2001
date of death	John Alexander Lillington (c. 1725 -- 1786), also known as Alexander John Lillington, was a Patriot officer from North Carolina in the American Revolutionary War who notably fought in the Battle of Moore's Creek Bridge in 1776.	Alexander Lillington	1786
date of death	María del Socorro Bustamante (17 February 1955 -- 20 March 2015) was a Colombian politician who was a Senator from 1994 to 2002.	María del Socorro Bustamante	20 March 2015
date of death	Celestine Tate Harrington (1956 -- February 25, 1998) was a quadriplegic street musician who was well known for playing the keyboard with her lips, teeth and tongue on the boardwalk.	Celestine Tate Harrington	1998
date of death	Ilma Grace Stone (1913 -- 2001), née Balfe, was an Australian botanist who specialised in bryology.	Ilma Grace Stone	2001
date of death	Conrad Detrez (1 April 1937 Roclenge-sur-Geer -- 12 February 1985) was a Belgian novelist.	Conrad Detrez	12 February 1985
date of death	John Goodwin Lyman (29 September 1886 -- 26 May 1967) was an American-born Canadian modernist painter active largely in Montreal.	John Goodwin Lyman	26 May 1967
date of death	Quang Nhuong Huynh (August 22, 1946--2001) was a Vietnamese-born American author.	Quang Nhuong Huynh	2001
date of death	William Mace (died 1767) was an English Gresham Professor of Law, from 1744, and Fellow of the Royal Society.	William Mace	1767
date of death	Gabriele Sforza died on 12 September 1457 in Milan and was buried in the church of Santa Maria Incoronata, Milan, which his brother had commissioned.	Gabriele Sforza	12 September 1457
date of death	Zygmunt Kałużyński (11 December 1918 -- 30 September 2004) was a Polish lawyer, film critic, promoter of cinema, erudite, long-time contributor of Polityka magazine and a TV personality.	Zygmunt Kałużyński	30 September 2004
date of death	Iris Davies (1935 -- 20 July 2010), pen name Iris Gower, was a novelist, noted for her many historical romances, most of which are set in the Welsh seaport of Swansea and the adjacent Gower Peninsula, from which she took her nom-de-plume.	Iris Gower	20 July 2010
date of death	Sir James Douglas, 7th of Drumlanrig, (d. 1578) was a Scottish nobleman.	James Douglas, 7th of Drumlanrig	1578
date of death	Dennis Hodgetts (28 November 1863 -- 26 March 1945), commonly known as Denny Hodgetts, was a footballer in the early years of professional football in England.	Dennis Hodgetts	26 March 1945
date of death	Charles Henry Chomley (28 April 1868 -- 21 October 1942) was an Australian farmer, barrister, writer and journalist.	Charles Henry Chomley	21 October 1942
date of death	Frank Cyril Tiarks OBE (also known as FC Tiarks) (Balham, 9 July 1874 -- Loxton, 7 April 1952) was an English banker.	Frank Cyril Tiarks	7 April 1952
date of death	Douglas Durkin (9 July 1884 - 4 June 1967) was a Canadian novelist, short story writer and screenwriter.	Douglas Durkin	4 June 1967
date of death	Amanieu VIII (sometimes VII) (died 1326) was the Lord of Albret from 1298 until his death.	Amanieu VIII	1326
date of death	Edward the Martyr (Old English: Eadweard; c. 962 -- 18 March 978) was King of England from 975 until he was murdered in 978.	Edward the Martyr	18 March 978
date of death	Francisco Ruiz Lozano (1607, Oruro, Alto Perú--1677, Mexico City) was a Peruvian soldier, astronomer, mathematician and educator.	Francisco Ruiz Lozano	1677
date of death	Henry Coke (1591--1661) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1624 and 1642.	Henry Coke	1661
date of death	Hou Sizhi (侯思止) (died 693) was a secret police official during the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty.	Hou Sizhi	693
date of death	Zelimkhan Murdalov was a 26-year-old student from Grozny, Chechnya, who left his home on January 2, 2001, saying he would return but never did.	Zelimkhan Murdalov	2001
date of death	Stefan Sadorski (1581 -- 2 July 1640) was a courtier, politician and a diplomat of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	Stefan Sadorski	2 July 1640
date of death	George Legge, 3rd Earl of Dartmouth KG, PC, FRS (3 October 1755 -- 10 November 1810), styled Viscount Lewisham until 1801, was a British politician.	George Legge, 3rd Earl of Dartmouth	10 November 1810
date of death	Jānis Rieksts (or Reeksts; 21 May 1881 -- 24 November 1970) was a Latvian autodidact photographer.	Jānis Rieksts	24 November 1970
date of death	Vassilis Steriadis (Greek: Βασίλης Στεριάδης; 1947--2003) was a Greek poet and critic.	Vassilis Steriadis	2003
date of death	Roman Zenzinger(16 July 1903 -- 5 November 1990) was an Austrian artist and commercial designer best known for his intense portraits and sketches of soldiers during world war II.	Roman Zenzinger	5 November 1990
date of death	Ramchandra Bhikaji Gunjikar (Devanagari: रामचंद्र भिकाजी गुंजीकर) (1843 - 1901) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Ramchandra Bhikaji Gunjikar	1901
date of death	Frederick Oliver Robinson (August 2, 1903--June 26, 1969) was an Ontario machinist and political figure.	Frederick Oliver Robinson	1969
date of death	Zacheus Chukwukaelo Obi, (1896-1993) Eze-onunekwulu-Igbo, (spokesman for the Igbo) was an Igbo leader who was born in Nnewi; he was educated at the C.M.S. school, Nnewi.	Zacheus Chukwukaelo Obi	1993
date of death	Belgin Doruk (28 June 1936, Ankara -- 26 March 1995, Istanbul) was a popular Turkish film actress.	Belgin Doruk	26 March 1995
date of death	Salomon de Bray (1597 -- 11 May 1664) was a Dutch Golden Age architect and painter.	Salomon de Bray	11 May 1664
date of death	Jesse Gray (May 14, 1923 -- January 2, 1988) was an American civil rights leader and politician from New York.	Jesse Gray	1988
date of death	Magdalena Andersdotter (1590 in Norway -- 1650) was a Norwegian shipowner.	Magdalena Andersdotter	1650
date of death	Peter Hodge (18 June 1871 -- 18 August 1934) was a Scottish football manager who managed Raith Rovers, Stoke City, Manchester City and spent most of his career with Leicester City (over two spells).	Peter Hodge	18 August 1934
date of death	Paul Amman (31 August 1634 -- 4 February 1691), German physician and botanist.	Paul Amman	4 February 1691
date of death	Giovanni Costanzi (1674--1754) was an Italian gem engraver of the late-Baroque period.	Giovanni Costanzi	1754
date of death	Lieutenant-General Sir David Willison KCB, OBE, MC (25 December 1919 -- 24 April 2009) was a British soldier who served with the Royal Engineers between 1939 and 1963, after which he served in a series of military intelligence roles until his retirement from the army in 1975.	David Willison	24 April 2009
date of death	Georges Grisez (31 March 1884 -- March 1946) was a French-born American clarinetist.	Georges Grisez	1946
date of death	William Kearsley (2 September 1863 -- 19 June 1921) was an Australian politician and member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1910 until 1921.	William Kearsley	19 June 1921
date of death	Josefina Méndez (nickname Yuyi; 8 March 1941 -- 26 January 2007) was a Cuban ballet dancer and ballet mistress.	Josefina Méndez	26 January 2007
date of death	William Savery (cabinetmaker) (1721 or 1722 - 1787, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was an 18th-century American cabinetmaker noted for his furniture in the Queen Anne and Philadelphia Chippendale styles.	William Savery (cabinetmaker)	1787
date of death	Maria of Loon-Heinsberg (1426 -- 20 April 1502) was the daughter of John I, Count Loon-Heinsberg.	Maria of Loon-Heinsberg	20 April 1502
date of death	Edward Elmhirst (26 November 1811 -- 12 November 1893) was an English cricketer who played in 15 matches between 1834 and 1853 that are considered to have been first-class.	Edward Elmhirst	12 November 1893
date of death	Pierre-Aimé Millet de la Turtaudière (1783 in Angers -- 1873) was a French naturalist.	Pierre-Aimé Millet	1873
date of death	Alfred Douglas Hardy (1870--1958) was an Australian amateur collector of freshwater algae specimens.	Alfred Douglas Hardy	1958
date of death	Julije Makanec (19 September 1904, Sarajevo -- 7 June 1945, Zagreb) was an ethnic Croatian politician, philosopher and writer.	Julije Makanec	7 June 1945
date of death	Isaiah Sellers (ca. 1802--1864) was the riverboat captain from whom Samuel L. Clemens claimed to have appropriated the pen-name Mark Twain.	Isaiah Sellers	1864
date of death	Gentile de' Becchi (1420/1430 -- 1497) was an Italian bishop, diplomat, orator and writer.	Gentile de' Becchi	1497
date of death	George J. F. Clarke (October 12, 1774 -- 1836) was one of the most prominent and active men of East Florida in the Second Spanish Period.	George J. F. Clarke	1836
date of death	José Neglia (April 2, 1929 -- October 10, 1971) was a notable Argentine ballerino, who perhaps more than any other figure, helped popularize the classical ballet in his country.	José Neglia	1971
date of death	Willard Earl Givens (1886--1971) was an American educator, notable as the executive secretary of the National Education Association from 1935 to 1952.	Willard Earl Givens	1971
date of death	Sir Nilratan Sircar (1 October 1861 -- 18 May 1943) was an eminent Indian doctor, educationist, philanthropist and swadeshi entrepreneur.	Nilratan Sircar	18 May 1943
date of death	Thomas Watson-Wentworth, 1st Marquess of Rockingham, KB, PC (I) (13 November 1693 -- 14 December 1750) was a British peer and Whig politician.	Thomas Watson-Wentworth, 1st Marquess of Rockingham	14 December 1750
date of death	Nurkhon was murdered by her own brother in 1929 for allegedly having dishonored her family by dancing in front of the public.	Nurkhon	1929
date of death	Murray Fife Buell (October 5, 1905 -- July 3, 1975) was an American ecologist and palynologist.	Murray Fife Buell	1975
date of death	Pepsi Tate (10 March 1965 -- 18 September 2007) was the bass guitarist of Welsh glam metal band Tigertailz, who made the Top 40 in the UK Albums Chart in the early 1990s.	Pepsi Tate	18 September 2007
date of death	Gordon Nutt (8 November 1932 -- 25 February 2014) was an English professional footballer who was a winger.	Gordon Nutt	25 February 2014
date of death	Major-General, The Reverend Denis Price CB, CBE (28 October 1908 -- 19 March 1966) was Chief of Staff, British Defence Staff in Washington from 1959 to 1962 and was later ordained into the Presbyterian Church in the USA.	Denis Price	19 March 1966
date of death	Henry Pitts Forster (1766?--1815) was an orientalist.	Henry Pitts Forster	1815
date of death	Little Shield (Cheyenne language: A-che-kan-koo-eni) was a chieftain of the Northern Cheyenne from 1865-1879.	Little Shield	1879
date of death	Ralph Inman (1713--1788) was a merchant in 18th-century Boston, Massachusetts, with a residence in Cambridge.	Ralph Inman	1788
date of death	Nicholas Clagett (born 1685/6, died 1746) was an English bishop.	Nicholas Clagett	1746
date of death	Prabodh Chandra Goswami (1911--1984) was an Indian school teacher who worked in Jenkins School, Cooch Behar from 1951 to 1971.	Prabodh Chandra Goswami	1984
date of death	Mary, Countess of Blois, also known as Marie of Avesnes, (1200--1241) was countess of Blois from 1230 to 1241.	Mary, Countess of Blois	1241
date of death	Eric Burgin (4 January 1924 -- 16 November 2012) was an English first-class cricketer and a professional footballer.	Eric Burgin	16 November 2012
date of death	Kaiser Kalambo (6 July 1953 -- 18 March 2014) was a Zambian coach and former footballer.	Kaiser Kalambo	18 March 2014
date of death	Hamlet Puleston or Puliston (1632--1662) was an English academic, known as a political writer.	Hamlet Puleston	1662
date of death	Bruno Lohse (17 September 1911 -- 19 March 2007) was a German art dealer and SS-Hauptsturmführer who, during World War II, became the chief art looter in Paris for Hermann Göring, helping the Nazi leader amass a vast collection of plundered artworks.	Bruno Lohse	19 March 2007
date of death	General José María Flores (1818, New Spain -- 1866) was an officer in the Mexican Army and was a member of la otra banda.	José María Flores	1866
date of death	Clarrie Horder died on 6 June 1960 at St. George Hospital, aged 69.	Clarrie Horder	6 June 1960
date of death	John Dennant (1839 -- 12 June 1907) was an English-born educational administrator and geologist, president of the Royal Society of Victoria in 1903.	John Dennant	12 June 1907
date of death	José María Ruda (Buenos Aires, 1924 -- Spain, 7 July 1994) was an Argentine jurist.	José María Ruda	7 July 1994
date of death	Katharine Mary Briggs (8 November 1898 -- 15 October 1980) was a British folklorist and writer, who wrote The Anatomy of Puck, the four-volume A Dictionary of British Folk-Tales in the English Language, and various other books on fairies and folklore.	Katharine Mary Briggs	15 October 1980
date of death	Richard Clipston Sturgis Jr. (1880--1910) was born in Brookline, Massachusetts, the son of noted architect R. Clipston Sturgis.	Richard Clipston Sturgis Jr.	1910
date of death	Attakullakulla (Cherokee, Ata-gul' kalu; often called Little Carpenter by the English) (c. 1708--1778) was an influential Cherokee leader and the tribe's First Beloved Man, serving from 1761 to around 1775.	Attakullakulla	1778
date of death	Sir Neil Loring (``Loryng'', ``Loringe'' etc., Neel alias Nigel, Latin: Nigellus) (c. 1320 -- 18 March 1386), KG, was a medieval English soldier and diplomat and a founding member of the Order of the Garter, established by King Edward III in 1348.	Neil Loring	1386
date of death	Georg Ritschel (1616--1683) was a Bohemian Protestant minister and educator.	Georg Ritschel	1683
date of death	William Henry Schofield (1870-1920) was an American academic, founder of the Harvard Studies in Comparative Literature.	William Henry Schofield	1920
date of death	James Ogilvy, 1st Earl of Airlie (c. 1593 -- 1666) was a Scottish royalist of the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.	James Ogilvy, 1st Earl of Airlie	1666
date of death	The Honourable William George Boyle (12 August 1830 -- 24 March 1908) was a British soldier and Liberal Party politician.	William George Boyle	24 March 1908
date of death	Henning Larsen, Hon. FAIA (20 August 1925 -- 22 June 2013) was a Danish architect.	Henning Larsen	22 June 2013
date of death	Sergio Campanato (17 February 1930 -- 1 March 2005) was an Italian mathematician who studied the theory of regularity for elliptic and parabolic partial differential equations.	Sergio Campanato	1 March 2005
date of death	Iago ab Idwal ap Meurig (died 1039) was a Prince of Gwynedd.	Iago ab Idwal ap Meurig	1039
date of death	Erminio Macario (27 May 1902 -- 25 March 1980), best known as Macario, was an Italian film actor and comedian.	Erminio Macario	25 March 1980
date of death	Charles Anthony Goessmann (13 June 1827 Naumburg - 1 September 1910 Amherst, Massachusetts), known in his native German as Karl Anton Goessmann, was a Massachusetts agricultural and food chemist.	Charles Anthony Goessmann	1 September 1910
date of death	Walter K. Link (1902-1982) was an American oil geologist.	Walter K. Link	1982
date of death	Aleksandar Tomašević (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Томашевић; 19 November 1908 -- 21 February 1988) was a Serbian football player and manager.	Aleksandar Tomašević	21 February 1988
date of death	King Hagler or Nopkehee (ca. 1700--1763) was a chief or King of the Catawba Native American tribe from 1754 to 1763.	King Hagler	1763
date of death	Jacques Fabien Gautier d'Agoty (1716--1785) was a French anatomist, painter and printmaker.	Jacques Fabien Gautier d'Agoty	1785
date of death	Norman Sheffield (25 September 1939 - 20 June 2014) was a music and advertising industry figure, most noted for his music industry recording and management roles, ownership of the former Trident Studios, and being the first manager of the rock band Queen.	Norman Sheffield	20 June 2014
date of death	William Imbrie (1 January 1845 - 4 August 1928) was an American missionary to Japan.	William Imbrie	4 August 1928
date of death	Elias Degiannis (Greek: Ηλίας Ντεγιάννης) (22 December 1912 -- 18 June 1943) was a Greek navy officer and second in command of the resistance group PROMETHEUS.	Elias Degiannis	1943
date of death	Philip Guedalla (12 March 1889 -- 16 December 1944) was a British barrister, and a popular historical and travel writer and biographer.	Philip Guedalla	16 December 1944
date of death	Lieutenant Colonel Sir Frederick Harrison (1844-31 December 1914) was a British army officer, and railway manager.	Frederick Harrison	31 December 1914
date of death	Guan Liang (Chinese: 关良; 1900--1986), courtesy name Lianggong (良公), was a Chinese painter.	Guan Liang	1986
date of death	Francesco Canova da Milano (Francesco da Milano, also known as Il divino, Francesco da Parigi, etc.) (18 August 1497 -- 2 January 1543) was an Italian lutenist and composer.	Francesco Canova da Milano	2 January 1543
date of death	Tom Pook (1869 -- 21 February 1948) was an English-born Wales international rugby forward who played rugby union for Newport and rugby league with Holbeck.	Tom Pook	21 February 1948
date of death	Joyce Windsor (21 January 1932 - 15 October 2008) was an English-born actress perhaps best remembered for her portrayal of the cleaner Ruby in the BBC1 Comedy Butterflies by Carla Lane.	Joyce Windsor	15 October 2008
date of death	Charles Maurin (1 April 1856 -- 22 July 1914) was a French painter, engraver, and an anarchist who practiced a variety of styles.	Charles Maurin	22 July 1914
date of death	Henry Lowther Clarke (23 November 1850 -- 23 June 1926) was the fourth Anglican bishop and first archbishop of Melbourne, Australia.	Lowther Clarke	23 June 1926
date of death	Gino Cantarelli (1899 -- 1950) was an Italian Dadaist poet and painter of the early 20th century.	Gino Cantarelli	1950
date of death	Pál Beőthy de Bessenyő et Örvend (Beöthy; 20 June 1866 -- 15 September 1921) was a Hungarian jurist, soldier and politician, who served as Speaker of the House of Representatives between 1913 and 1917.	Pál Beőthy	15 September 1921
date of death	Pieter Godfried Bertichen (5 February 1796 -- 1856) was a Dutch painter and lithographer who also lived and worked in Brazil.	Pieter Godfried Bertichen	1856
date of death	Sidney Sinclair (1915--1999) was an English born, Australian businessman, philanthropist, trade advisor to the Federal Government and prominent member of the Australian Jewish community.	Sidney Sinclair	1999
date of death	Helen Schnabel, née Fogel, (22 July 1911 -- 29 September 1974) was an American pianist.	Helen Schnabel	29 September 1974
date of death	Arthur Annesley, 5th Earl of Anglesey PC, PC (Ire) (c. 1678 -- 31 March 1737) was an Anglo-Irish politician.	Arthur Annesley, 5th Earl of Anglesey	31 March 1737
date of death	Jimmy Mitchell (born 22 October 1924; died 2004) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Queen's Park, Morton, Aberdeen and was player/manager of Cowdenbeath.	Jimmy Mitchell	2004
date of death	Walter Geikie (10 November 1795 -- 1 August 1837), was a short-lived Scottish painter, operational in the early 19th century.	Walter Geikie	1 August 1837
date of death	Mao Mengsuo (simplified Chinese: 毛梦索; traditional Chinese: 毛夢索; pinyin: Máo Mèngsuǒ, 15 June 1989 -- 12 June 2010) was a Chinese footballer, previously played in NT Realty Wofoo Tai Po.	Mao Mengsuo	12 June 2010
date of death	Robert Waring Stoddard (1906--1984) was President of Wyman-Gordon, a major industrial enterprise, and one of the founders of the anticommunist John Birch Society.	Robert Waring Stoddard	1984
date of death	Lionel Bailey Budden FRIBA (1877 -- 21 July 1956), a British architect, was the son of William Budden and Elizabeth Adams.	Lionel Bailey Budden	21 July 1956
date of death	William Dawson Lawrence (16 July 1817 -- 8 December 1886) was a successful shipbuilder, businessman and politician.	William Dawson Lawrence	8 December 1886
date of death	F. M. Khan (1930--2002) was born in Bargu, a village in the district Ghizer, in the Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan.	F. M. Khan	2002
date of death	Milan Babić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Бабић; 26 February 1956 -- 5 March 2006) was from 1991 to 1992 the first President of the Republic of Serbian Krajina, a self-proclaimed state largely populated by Serbs of Croatia that wished to break away from Croatia.	Milan Babić	5 March 2006
date of death	William Harry (30 November 1878 -- 21 February 1943) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in one game in 1906.	William Harry	21 February 1943
date of death	Maurice Persat (Puy-de-Dôme, Ennezat April 30, 1788 - 1858), a French officer and writer, participant of the Napoleonic wars and revolutionary wars in Latin America, Greece and Spain.	Maurice Persat	1858
date of death	Nicholas Caldecote (died 1443), of Meldreth, Cambridgeshire, was an English politician.	Nicholas Caldecote	1443
date of death	Matthew Gibney (1 November 1835 in Killeshandra, Cavan, Ireland -- 22 June 1925 in Perth, Western Australia), an Australian metropolitan bishop, was the third Roman Catholic Bishop of Perth, serving from 1886 until 1910.	Matthew Gibney	22 June 1925
date of death	Santo Rinaldi (1620--1676) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Santo Rinaldi	1676
date of death	Sir William Fenwick, 2nd Baronet (c. 1617-9 July 1676), was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1645 and 1676.	Sir William Fenwick, 2nd Baronet	1676
date of death	Frieda Lauth (1879 London - 4 May 1949 Durban) was a South African botanical artist who emigrated to Natal with her parents in 1882.	Frieda Lauth	4 May 1949
date of death	Grey Beard (b: ?, d. 1875) was a Southern Cheyenne medicine man and chief.	Grey Beard	1875
date of death	Carl Adolph Grevesmühl (1744--1827) was a Swedish businessman from Stockholm.	Carl Adolph Grevesmühl	1827
date of death	General Maha Bandula (Burmese: မဟာဗန္ဓုလ (məhà bàɴdṵla̰); 6 November 1782 -- 1 April 1825) was commander-in-chief of the Royal Burmese Armed Forces from 1821 until his death in 1825 in the First Anglo-Burmese War.	Maha Bandula	1 April 1825
date of death	Sir Richard Kaye, 6th Baronet, FRS (1736--25 December 1809) was an English churchman and scientist.	Sir Richard Kaye, 6th Baronet	1809
date of death	Pierre Guffroy (22 April 1926 -- 27 September 2010) was a French production designer and art director.	Pierre Guffroy	27 September 2010
date of death	Sai Jinhua (traditional Chinese: 賽金花; simplified Chinese: 赛金花; pinyin: Sài Jīnhuā; Wade--Giles: Sai Chin-hua; ``Prettier Than Golden Flower''; circa 1872-1936) was a Chinese courtesan who became the acquaintance of Alfred von Waldersee.	Sai Jinhua	1936
date of death	Clemente Biondetti (18 August 1898 -- 24 February 1955) was an Italian auto racing driver.	Clemente Biondetti	24 February 1955
date of death	Richard C. Snyder (21 August 1916 -- 9 December 1997) was an American political scientist who specialized in foreign policy.	Richard C. Snyder	1997
date of death	Scott Sherrin (London, 31 May 1972 - March 1996) was a multi-talented child star.	Scott Sherrin	1996
date of death	Monsignor John Joseph Egan (9 October 1916 -- 19 May 2001) was an American Roman Catholic priest and social activist.	John Joseph Egan	19 May 2001
date of death	Benedict of Poland (Latin: Benedictus Polonus, Polish Benedykt Polak) (ca. 1200 -- ca. 1280) was a Polish Franciscan friar, traveler, explorer, and interpreter.	Benedict of Poland	1280
date of death	F. D. Benteen (died 1864) was an American sheet music publisher and composer during the 19th century, based out of Baltimore, Maryland.	F. D. Benteen	1864
date of death	Lord Pretender (8 September 1917 -- 22 January 2002) was the stage name of Aldric Farrell, M.O.M., H.B.M. a calypsonian vocalist born on the island of Tobago widely acknowledged to be a ``master'' of extempo, a lyrically improvised form of calypso music considered a forerunner of rap.	Lord Pretender	22 January 2002
date of death	Connie Ediss (11 August 1871 -- 18 April 1934) was an English actress best known as a buxom, good-humoured comedienne in many of the popular Edwardian musical comedies around the turn of the 20th century.	Connie Ediss	18 April 1934
date of death	George van Parris (died 1551) was a Dutch Arian, who was burnt at the stake in London by his fellow Protestants.	George van Parris	1551
date of death	Annie Shepley Omori (1856 -- 1943) was an American artist, activist, and translator.	Annie Shepley Omori	1943
date of death	Dame Anne Mills McEwen DBE (1900 -- 10 February 1967), known as Annie McEwen, was an Australian social activist, and the wife of John McEwen (who after her death became Prime Minister of Australia).	Annie McEwen	10 February 1967
date of death	Edgar Krahn (1 October (O.S. 19 September) 1894 in Laiuse Parish -- 6 March 1961) was an Estonian mathematician.	Edgar Krahn	6 March 1961
date of death	Augustus Henry Fox (c. 1822--1895) was a painter who exhibited three works at the Royal Academy.	Augustus Henry Fox	1895
date of death	Hua Tuo (c. 140--208), courtesy name Yuanhua, was an ancient Chinese physician who lived in the late Eastern Han Dynasty.	Hua Tuo	208
date of death	George Hewitt Cushman (June 5, 1814 in Windham, Connecticut -- August 3, 1876 in Jersey City Heights, New Jersey) was a top American engraver and painter of miniature paintings and portraits of his time (second only to Edward Greene Malbone).	George Hewitt Cushman	1876
date of death	Frank Sturdy Sinnatt FRS (4 May 1880 - 27 January 1943) was a British fuel engineer.	Frank Sturdy Sinnatt	27 January 1943
date of death	Annie French (1873--1965) was a Scottish painter, engraver, illustrator, and designer associated with the Glasgow School.	Annie French	1965
date of death	Sharad Vaidya (7 March 1936 - 19 October 2000) was an Indian surgeon who specialized in cancer surgery.	Sharad Vaidya	19 October 2000
date of death	Patrick Oliver Walsh (13 July 1937 -- 9 March 1996), better known as Ollie Walsh, was an Irish sportsperson.	Ollie Walsh	9 March 1996
date of death	Wally Powell (31 March 1878 -- 7 July 1945) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Wally Powell	7 July 1945
date of death	Margaret R. Manning (died 1984) was an American journalist and book reviewer.	Margaret R. Manning	1984
date of death	Fanchea died c. 585 of natural causes and is buried at Killane, Ireland.	Fanchea	585
date of death	Sayyid Muhammad ibn Ali as-Senussi (1787--1859) was the founder of the Senussi order.	Muhammad ibn Ali as-Senussi	1859
date of death	Ivo Krbek (23 August 1890 -- 17 January 1966) was a Croatian politician, lawyer, lecturer, and academic in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, the Independent State of Croatia, and the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	Ivo Krbek	17 January 1966
date of death	George Henry Bolsover CBE OBE (18 November 1910 -- 15 April 1990) was the director of the School of Slavonic and East European Studies at the University of London from 1947--76.	George Henry Bolsover	15 April 1990
date of death	Guy XIII de Laval, born Jean de Montfort, (1385- 14 August 1414, Rhodes) was seigneur of Laval and of Kergorlay.	Guy XIII de Laval	14 August 1414
date of death	Edward Atkyns Bray (1778--1857) was a British poet, vicar, and miscellaneous writer.	Edward Atkyns Bray	1857
date of death	John Skehan (1922 -- 18 November 1992) was a prolific broadcaster on RTÉ, radio and television, for four decades.	John Skehan	18 November 1992
date of death	Carlos Olivier (Carlos Raúl Fernández Olivier) (26 January 1952 -- 22 January 2007), was a Venezuelan actor, famous for his roles in telenovelas, including Leonela, El País de las Mujeres, Viva la Pepa, Las González, Engañada, and Los Querendones.	Carlos Olivier	22 January 2007
date of death	Lê Quý Đôn (黎貴惇, 1726--1784) was an 18th-century Vietnamese philosopher, poet, encyclopedist, and government official.	Lê Quý Đôn	1784
date of death	Johann Flierl (16 April 1858 -- 30 September 1947), was a pioneer Lutheran missionary in New Guinea.	Johann Flierl	30 September 1947
date of death	Elise Otté (30 September 1818 -- 20 December 1903) was an Anglo-Danish linguist, scholar and historian.	Elise Otté	1903
date of death	John Buzzell (1766-1863) was an early proponent of the Free Will Baptist Church, a Christian author, and a preacher.	John Buzzell	1863
date of death	Caleb Evans (25 July 1831 -- 16 September 1886), was an English geologist.	Caleb Evans	1886
date of death	Sam Youd (16 April 1922 -- 3 February 2012), known professionally as Christopher Samuel Youd, was a British writer, best known for science fiction under the pseudonym John Christopher, including the novels The Death of Grass, The Possessors, and the young-adult novel series The Tripods.	John Christopher	3 February 2012
date of death	Wondosson Kassa, also known as Wond Wossen Kassa, (1903 -- 19 December 1936) was a member of the royalty of the Ethiopian Empire, an army commander, and a patriot.	Wondosson Kassa	19 December 1936
date of death	John Hollings or Hollins, M.D. (1683?--1739) was an English physician.	John Hollings	1739
date of death	Benjamin C. Marsh (1878-1952) was a social worker, journalist, and Georgist activist who helped pioneer the city planning movement in the United States.	Benjamin C. Marsh	1952
date of death	Dame Marjorie Parker, DBE (1900 -- 18 February 1991), known as Margot Parker, was an Australian civic and political activist who was created a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1977.	Marjorie Parker	18 February 1991
date of death	Joseph Kleitsch (1882--1931) was a Hungarian-American portrait and plein air painter who holds a high place in the early California School of Impressionism.	Joseph Kleitsch	1931
date of death	Joseph P. Guth (1860-April 1928) was a popular civil engineer, architect and builder in Omaha, Nebraska starting in the 1880s.	Joseph P. Guth	April 1928
date of death	Emmanuele Vitale (30 April 1758 -- 8 October 1802) was a Maltese notary, commander and statesman.	Emmanuele Vitale	8 October 1802
date of death	Harold Barnwell died on 25 August 1917 while test flying the prototype Vickers Vampire night fighter at Joyce Green, Kent.	Harold Barnwell	25 August 1917
date of death	William Dorrinton (29 April 1809 -- 8 November 1848) was an English cricketer for Kent, Hampshire, Suffolk and the Marylebone Cricket Club in a 94--match first--class career which began in 1836 and lasted until 1847, a year before his death.	William Dorrinton	8 November 1848
date of death	Sir Henry Vere Huntley (1795 -- 7 May 1864) was an English naval officer and colonial administrator.	Henry Vere Huntley	7 May 1864
date of death	Yitzchok Yaakov Weiss (1902--1989), also known as the Minchas Yitzchak, was a prominent Dayan, Halachic authority and Talmudic scholar.	Yitzchok Yaakov Weiss	1989
date of death	Edwin Brockholst Livingston (1852-1929) was an amateur historian.	Edwin Brockholst Livingston	1929
date of death	Amalie Mathilde Bauerle (12 November 1873 -- 4 March 1916), known as Amelia Bauerle, was a British painter, illustrator and etcher.	Amelia Bauerle	4 March 1916
date of death	Samuel Parsons Scott (8 July 1846 -- 30 May 1929), known as S.P. Scott, was an American attorney, banker, and scholar.	Samuel Parsons Scott	30 May 1929
date of death	William Neil Tompkins (15 January 1927 -- 20 February 1991) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Neil Tompkins	20 February 1991
date of death	Florence Esté (1860--1926) was an American painter in oils, watercolors and pastels and an etcher and engraver, born in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Florence Esté	1926
date of death	Bert Carey (30 May 1905 -- 10 July 1994) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bert Carey	10 July 1994
date of death	Beulah Elfreth Kennard (August 3, 1869 -- after 1944) was the educational director of the Association of Department Store Workers, president of the Pennsylvania Association of Women Workers, and president of the Pittsburgh Playground Association from 1900 to 1918.	Beulah Elfreth Kennard	1944
date of death	Erica Reiner (4 August 1924 -- 31 December 2005) was an American Assyriologist and author.	Erica Reiner	31 December 2005
date of death	Bin Bucheng (simplified Chinese: 宾步程; traditional Chinese: 賓步程; pinyin: Bīn Bùchéng; 12 January 1880- 27 December 1943) was a Chinese politician and educator.	Bin Bucheng	27 December 1943
date of death	Sid Waddell (10 August 1940 -- 11 August 2012) was an English sports commentator and television personality.	Sid Waddell	11 August 2012
date of death	Elijah Masinde (also spelt Elija Masinde) (1910--12 (?)--1987) was a Bukusu freedom-fighter.	Elijah Masinde	1987
date of death	Arthur René Jean Baptiste Bavay (29 April 1840, Lamballe -- 1923) was a French pharmacist, herpetologist and malacologist.	Arthur René Jean Baptiste Bavay	1923
date of death	Bobby Haarms (8 March 1934 -- 6 June 2009) was a Dutch professional football player and coach.	Bobby Haarms	6 June 2009
date of death	Helen Margaret Gilkey (1886--1972) was a pioneering mycologist and botanist.	Helen Margaret Gilkey	1972
date of death	Sir William Leighton (/ˈleɪtən/; c. 1565--1622) was an Elizabethan composer and editor who published The Teares and Lamentatacions of a Sorrowfull Soule (1614) which comprised 55 pieces by 21 composers (among them John Bull, William Byrd, John Dowland and Martin Peerson), including eight by himself.	William Leighton	1622
date of death	Hartley Howard (1908--1979) was a pen name of Leopold Horace Ognall, a British crime novelist.	Hartley Howard	1979
date of death	Henry George Keith (1899-1982), known as Harry Keith, was a British forester and plant collector.	Harry Keith	1982
date of death	Edmond André Coralie Schietekat (17 December 1933 -- 19 October 1981) pseudonym Paul Snoek, was a Belgian poet.	Paul Snoek	19 October 1981
date of death	Marek Weber (24 October 1888 - 9 February 1964) was a German violinist and bandleader.	Marek Weber	9 February 1964
date of death	Robert Furber (1674--1756) was a British horticulturist and author, best known for writing the first seed catalogue produced in England.	Robert Furber	1756
date of death	John Mahony (1863--1943) was a famous Irish sportsperson.	John Mahony	1943
date of death	Wilhelm Zander (22 April 1911 -- 27 September 1974) was an adjutant to Martin Bormann during World War II. He survived the war and died in Munich in 1974.	Wilhelm Zander	27 September 1974
date of death	Ralph Keene (1902--1963) was an Indian-born British screenwriter, producer and film director.	Ralph Keene	1963
date of death	George William Card, F.G.S., A.R.S.M. (? -- 2 June 1943) was an Australian petrographer.	George William Card	1943
date of death	Peter Furneaux (12 October 1935 -- 2 December 2014) was an English football club chairman and investor.	Peter Furneaux	2 December 2014
date of death	Viv Thicknesse (1910--1986) was an Australian dual-code rugby half-back, a state representative in both rugby league and rugby union.	Viv Thicknesse	1986
date of death	Farnobius (died AD 377) was a Gothic chief who was killed in a battle with the Roman army of Frigeridus while trying to cross the mountains from Thrace into Illyricum.	Farnobius	377
date of death	Thomas Worsnop (2 February 1821 -- 24 January 1898) was an Australian colonial militia, historian, local government official and town clerk.	Thomas Worsnop	24 January 1898
date of death	Olive Riley (20 October 1899 -- 12 July 2008) was an Australian centenarian woman, born in Broken Hill, New South Wales, believed for a time to have been the world's oldest online personal blogger.	Olive Riley	12 July 2008
date of death	Kei Suma (Japanese: すまけい; 4 September 1935 -- 7 December 2013) was a Japanese film and television actor, whose career spanned 25 years.	Kei Suma	7 December 2013
date of death	George Enoch Grayson (1833 (or 1834) -- 7 November 1912), usually known as G. E. Grayson, was an English architect who practised in Liverpool.	George Enoch Grayson	1912
date of death	Philip Hutchins Rogers (1794--1853) was an English marine and landscape painter.	Philip Hutchins Rogers	1853
date of death	Abu Abdallah Mohammed ibn Qasim ibn Zakur (died 1708) was a Moroccan poet, historian and travel writer from Fes.	Mohammed ibn Qasim ibn Zakur	1708
date of death	Gao Jian (576 -- February 14, 647), courtesy name Shilian, better known as Gao Shilian, formally Duke Wenxian of Shen (申文獻公), was a chancellor of the Tang dynasty.	Gao Shilian	647
date of death	André Gagnaux (died February 1996), who was a Swiss, was the first President of the World Confederation of Billiard Sports (WCBS) and the former President of the Union Mondiale de Billard (UMB).	André Gagnaux	February 1996
date of death	Jabez Carter Hornblower (21 May 1744 -- 14 July 1814) was an English pioneer of steam power, and the son of Jonathan Hornblower.	Jabez Carter Hornblower	14 July 1814
date of death	Marie-Denise Villers (née Lemoine; 1774 -- 19 August 1821) was a French painter who specialized in portraits.	Marie-Denise Villers	19 August 1821
date of death	Joseph Dickson (April 1745 -- April 1825) was an American politician and soldier who represented North Carolina's 1st district in the United States House of Representatives from 1799 1801, and would later serve in the Tennessee House of Representatives.	Joseph Dickson	April 1825
date of death	Giovanni Battista Pagliari (1741- January 8, 1816) was an Italian painter and art restorer.	Giovanni Battista Pagliari	1816
date of death	Sir William Moleyns (1378--1425), from Stoke Poges, Buckinghamshire, was an English politician.	William Moleyns	1425
date of death	Juan Lovera (11 July 1776, Caracas - 29 January 1841, Caracas) was a Venezuelan painter, best known for his portraits and historical scenes relating to his country's independence movement.	Juan Lovera	1841
date of death	Sir James Stonhouse, 11th Baronet (1716--1795) was an English physician and cleric, known as a hospital founder and religious writer.	Sir James Stonhouse, 11th Baronet	1795
date of death	Hildegarde of Burgundy (c. 1056--1104) was a French noblewoman.	Hildegarde of Burgundy	1104
date of death	Vincent Contenson (born at Altivillare (Gers), Diocese of Condon, 1641; died Creil-sur-Oise, 26 December 1674) was a French Dominican theologian and preacher.	Vincent Contenson	26 December 1674
date of death	Elizabeth Lowell Putnam (2 February 1862-1935) was born (as Bessie Lowell) in Boston, Massachusetts, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Lowell of Boston.	Elizabeth Lowell Putnam	1935
date of death	Kebek Sultan Oghlan (died c. 1472) was Khan of eastern Moghulistan (Uyghurstan) from 1468 or 1469 until his death.	Kebek Sultan	1472
date of death	Fred C. Blanck (October 14, 1881 -- 1965) was an American food scientist who was involved in the founding of the Institute of Food Technologists (IFT) which was involved in the publishing of food and nutrition articles and books.	Fred C. Blanck	1965
date of death	Bade Ghulam Ali Khan (Devanagari:बड़े ग़ुलाम अली ख़ान, Shahmukhi/Urdu: بڑے غلام علی خان) (c. 2 April 1902 -- 23 April 1968) was a Hindustani classical vocalist, from the Kasur Patiala Gharana.	Bade Ghulam Ali Khan	23 April 1968
date of death	William Field Porter (1784--1869) was a ship owner from Liverpool, who migrated to South Australia in 1839.	William Field Porter	1869
date of death	Thistle Yolette Harris (born 29 July 1902 and died 5 July 1990), also known as Thistle Stead, was an Australian botanist, educator, author and conservationist.	Thistle Yolette Harris	5 July 1990
date of death	Arturo Vergara Medina (1928 - 1986), better known by his stage name Bentot or Ben Cosca, was a Filipino comedian and vaudevillian who spent most of his career under LVN Pictures.	Bentot	1986
date of death	Jean Joseph Guieu, also Jean Guyeux, (30 September 1758 - 5 October 1817) joined the French royal army and quickly rose in rank during the French Revolutionary Wars.	Jean Joseph Guieu	5 October 1817
date of death	Dr Edith Clara Batho (21 September 1895 -- 21 January 1986) was Principal of Royal Holloway College, University of London (RHC) from 1945-1962.	Edith Clara Batho	21 January 1986
date of death	John Raymond Hobbs MRCS, FRCP, FRCPath, FRCPaed (17 April 1929 -- 13 July 2008) was a professor who was at the forefront of the techniques of clinical immunology, protein biochemistry and bone marrow transplantation, specifically in child health.	John Raymond Hobbs	13 July 2008
date of death	Rodrig Goliescu (1882--1942) was a Romanian inventor, engineer, and Lieutenant, who built the avioplan, the first airplane with a tubular fuselage.The model, with a length of 1.2 m was successfully tested in 1909, having a take off angle of 30 degrees.	Rodrig Goliescu	1942
date of death	Astrid Hjertenæs Andersen (5 September 1915 -- 21 April 1985) was a Norwegian poet and travel-writer.	Astrid Hjertenæs Andersen	21 April 1985
date of death	Henry, Duke of Parma and Piacenza (Italian: Enrico Maria Alberto Ferdinando Carlo Pio Luigi Antonio di Borbone-Parma e Piacenza; 13 June 1873 -- 16 November 1939) was the head of the House of Bourbon-Parma and the pretender to the defunct throne of Parma from 1907 to 1939.	Henry, Duke of Parma	16 November 1939
date of death	Mario Pirani Coen (3 August 1925 -- 18 April 2015) was an Italian journalist, economist, and writer.	Mario Pirani	18 April 2015
date of death	George Courtney Benson (1886--1960) was an Australian painter, muralist and cartoonist, and an official war artist during World War I.	George Courtney Benson	1960
date of death	Santiago Martínez Delgado (1906--1954) was a Colombian painter, sculptor, art historian and writer.	Santiago Martínez Delgado	1954
date of death	John Farr Abbott, sometimes Abbot (1756 -- 22 September 1794) was a British barrister.	John Farr Abbott	22 September 1794
date of death	Victor-Alphonse Huard (born Joseph-Alphonse, sometimes given as Joseph-Victor Alphonse; 28 February 1853--15 October 1929) was a French-Canadian churchman, naturalist, writer and editor.	Victor-Alphonse Huard	15 October 1929
date of death	Arthur Staples (2 February 1899 -- 1965) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.	Arthur Staples	1965
date of death	Caleb Gibbs (1748--1818) was the first commander of the Commander-in-Chief's Guard, the unit that protected General George Washington during the American Revolutionary War.	Caleb Gibbs	1818
date of death	Victor Keppler (1904 -- 2 December 1987) was an American commercial photographer and author.	Victor Keppler	2 December 1987
date of death	Haralamb H. Georgescu (1908--1977), also known as Harlan Georgesco, was a twentieth century Romanian-American modernist architect.	Haralamb H. Georgescu	1977
date of death	Peter Maag (Ernst Peter Johannes Maag) (10 May 1919 -- 16 April 2001) was a Swiss conductor.	Peter Maag	16 April 2001
date of death	John William Woolsey (26 July 1767 -- 9 May 1853) was a Canadian businessman born at Quebec.	John William Woolsey	9 May 1853
date of death	Joe Slater (29 November 1888 -- 3 May 1917) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League.	Joe Slater	3 May 1917
date of death	Walter de Stapledon (or Stapeldon) (1 February 1261 -- 15 October 1326) was Bishop of Exeter 1308--1326 and twice Lord High Treasurer of England, in 1320 and 1322.	Walter de Stapledon	15 October 1326
date of death	Princess Patricia of Connaught (Victoria Patricia Helena Elizabeth; later Lady Patricia Ramsay; 17 March 1886 -- 12 January 1974) was a granddaughter of Queen Victoria.	Princess Patricia of Connaught	12 January 1974
date of death	Father Nicholas Couris (born 1896 - died 3(16) August 1977) was an officer in the Imperial Russian Army, and combat veteran of the White Army during the Russian Civil War, and, in his old age, a priest of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia stationed in Dublin, Ireland.	Nicholas Couris	August 1977
date of death	Thomas John Barnardo (4 July 1845 -- 19 September 1905) was an Irish philanthropist and founder and director of homes for poor children.	Thomas John Barnardo	19 September 1905
date of death	Louise Wensel (December 24, 1918 -- February 13, 2005), was a Doctor of Medicine and political candidate and activist.	Louise Wensel	2005
date of death	Edith Constance Holme (7 October 1880 -- 17 June 1955), married name Punchard, was an English writer and playwright.	Constance Holme	17 June 1955
date of death	Stephen of Senlis (died 6 May 1142) was archdeacon of Notre Dame de Paris.	Stephen of Senlis	6 May 1142
date of death	Robert Boyd, 1st Lord Boyd (died c. 1482) Lord Boyd, was a Scottish statesman.	Robert Boyd, 1st Lord Boyd	1482
date of death	Christopher (John Williams) Nesham (1771 --4 November 1853), admiral, born in 1771, was son of Christopher Nesham, a captain in the 63rd regiment, by his wife Mary Williams, sister of William Peere Williams-Freeman, admiral of the fleet.	Christopher Nesham	4 November 1853
date of death	Loyal Oakley (20 November 1898 -- 4 July 1990) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Loyal Oakley	4 July 1990
date of death	Zevulun Hammer (Hebrew: זבולון המר‎, 31 May 1936 -- 20 January 1998) was an Israeli politician, minister and Deputy Prime Minister.	Zevulun Hammer	20 January 1998
date of death	Juan Antonio Pérez López (1934--1996) was a Spanish business theorist.	Juan Antonio Pérez López	1996
date of death	John Weiss (28 June 1818 -- 9 March 1879) was an American author and clergyman, as well as a noted abolitionist.	John Weiss	9 March 1879
date of death	Gommaert van der Gracht or Gommaer van der Gracht (c. 1590 - 1639) was a Flemish painter and draughtsman mainly known for his still life and landscape paintings.	Gommaert van der Gracht	1639
date of death	Raymond Barkway (1924--1956) ran the 110M high hurdles for Great Britain in the 1948 London Olympics.	Raymond Barkway	1956
date of death	Peta Nocona's wife and children were captured and his band scattered on December 18, 1860 by Captain Lawrence Sullivan Ross and his Texas Rangers and Militia at the Battle of Pease River.	Peta Nocona	1860
date of death	Petion Savain (15 February 1906--1973) was a prolific Haitian artist and writer.	Petion Savain	1973
date of death	William George Storm (1826--1892) was a Canadian architect who designed a number of prominent monuments in Toronto.	William George Storm	1892
date of death	Don Charles (10 December 1933 -- 4 December 2005) was a popular English ballad singer, and record producer, and later in his life, a writer of a self-help book.	Don Charles	4 December 2005
date of death	Ole Edvard Borgen (8 November 1925 -- 24 March 2009) was a Norwegian theologian and Methodist bishop.	Ole Edvard Borgen	24 March 2009
date of death	Beniamino Carelli (9 May 1833 -- 14 February 1921) was a celebrated Italian singing teacher and composer.	Beniamino Carelli	14 February 1921
date of death	Fox Maule-Ramsay, 11th Earl of Dalhousie KT GCB PC (22 April 1801 -- 6 July 1874), known as Fox Maule before 1852, as The Lord Panmure between 1852 and 1860, was a British politician.	Fox Maule-Ramsay, 11th Earl of Dalhousie	6 July 1874
date of death	Charlotte Aglaé d'Orléans, (20 October 1700 -- 19 January 1761) was the Duchess of Modena and Reggio by marriage.	Charlotte Aglaé d'Orléans	19 January 1761
date of death	Margaret Maxwell Inglis (née Murray; 27 October 1774 -- 21 December 1843) was a Scottish poet commended by Robert Burns.	Margaret Maxwell Inglis	1843
date of death	Terje Bergstad (14 October 1938 -- 7 February 2014) was a Norwegian painter and printmaker.	Terje Bergstad	7 February 2014
date of death	Berta Singerman Begun (Belarusian: Берта Сінгерман; 9 September 1901 -- 10 December 1998), better known as Berta Singerman, was a Belarusian-Argentine singer and actress.	Berta Singerman	10 December 1998
date of death	Kamal Haydar (1933--1980) was a short story writer from southern Yemen.	Kamal Haydar	1980
date of death	Nathaniel Colver (born in Orwell, Vermont, 10 May 1794; died in Chicago, 25 December 1870) was a United States Baptist clergyman.	Nathaniel Colver	25 December 1870
date of death	Charles Howard, 3rd Earl of Carlisle, PC (c.1669 -- 1 May 1738) was a British statesman and member of the peerage of England.	Charles Howard, 3rd Earl of Carlisle	1 May 1738
date of death	Harold Koplow (November 21, 1940 -- November 4, 2004), an American computer scientist and one of the early developers of office automation equipment, was raised in Lynn, Massachusetts.	Harold Koplow	2004
date of death	Sigurd Engelstad (August 2, 1914-- January 16, 2006) was a Norwegian genealogist and archivist.	Sigurd Engelstad	2006
date of death	Abraham Godijn or Abraham Godyn (alternative spellings of family name: Goddijn and Abraham Goddyn) (1655/56 -- after 1724) was a Flemish painter who, after a stay in Italy, worked for a time as a court painter in Prague where he produced magnificent Baroque frescos.	Abraham Godijn	1724
date of death	Georg II, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen (Meiningen, 2 April 1826 -- Wildungen, 25 June 1914), was the penultimate Duke of Saxe-Meiningen, reigning from 1866 to 1914.	Georg II, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen	25 June 1914
date of death	Giovanni Battista de Marinis (died 1669) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1650 to 1669.	Giovanni Battista de Marinis	1669
date of death	Fănică Luca (born Ştefan Luca Iordache; 5 April 1894 -- 26 October 1968) was a Romani-Romanian musician and a pan pipe (nai or musical in Romanian) virtuoso, who was the first to make this instrument popular outside his own country.	Fănică Luca	26 October 1968
date of death	Michalis Vardanis (Greek: Μιχάλης Βαρδάνης, 1936 -- 14 January 2014) was a Greek Army officer, lawyer and a major figure in the resistance against the Regime of the Colonels.	Michalis Vardanis	14 January 2014
date of death	Baba Faja Martaneshi (1910 - 18 March 1947) was an Albanian Bektashi baba (Sufi) and a resistance leader during the National Liberation War of the Albanian People.	Baba Faja Martaneshi	18 March 1947
date of death	Ryszard S. Michalski died on 20 September 2007 from cancer at his home in Fairfax.	Ryszard S. Michalski	20 September 2007
date of death	In 1869 he was visited by his old friend and sometime rival Trelawny, who found him constant and ``always faithful and honest in his love of Shelley'' Thomas Medwin died on 2 August 1869, at the house of his brother Pilford Medwin (1794 -1880)(right)in the Carfax in Horsham in West Sussex.	Thomas Medwin	2 August 1869
date of death	William Salmon (1644--1713) was English empiric doctor, advertising himself as ``Professor of Physick'', and a writer of medical texts.	William Salmon	1713
date of death	Cuthbert Burby (died 1607) was a London bookseller and publisher of the Elizabethan and early Jacobean eras.	Cuthbert Burby	1607
date of death	Vince Sulyok (7 July 1932 -- 9 August 2009) was a Hungarian-Norwegian librarian and poet.	Vince Sulyok	9 August 2009
date of death	Louis Enricht (1844-1923) was a US inventor who claimed that he had invented a substitute for gasoline.	Louis Enricht	1923
date of death	Lukas Furtenagel, (1505--1546) was a German painter.	Lukas Furtenagel	1546
date of death	Salah Boubnider (1929 -- 27 May 2005) was an Algerian National Liberation Army colonel who was among the first to join the fight for independence.	Salah Boubnider	27 May 2005
date of death	Chief Ma-Ko-Ko-Mo (1775--1838), sometimes referred as Koh-Koh-Mah or Kokomoko, was a chief of the Miami.	Ma-Ko-Ko-Mo	1838
date of death	Anna Gertrude Hall (1882--1967) was a well known children and adolescents author.	Anna Gertrude Hall	1967
date of death	Vivian Mercier (1919--1989) was an Irish literary critic.	Vivian Mercier	1989
date of death	Edward Wigglesworth (c. 1693--1765) was a clergyman, teacher and theologian in Colonial America.	Edward Wigglesworth	1765
date of death	André Nelis (29 October 1935 -- 9 December 2012) was a sailor and Olympian.	André Nelis	9 December 2012
date of death	Roman Artymowski (born August 11, 1919 in Lviv - February, 1993 in Łowicz) was a Polish painter.	Roman Artymowski	1993
date of death	Renu Saluja (Punjabi:ਰੇਣੁ ਸਲੂਜਾ, Hindi: रेणु सलुजा) (5 July 1952 -- 16 August 2000) was an Indian film editor.	Renu Saluja	16 August 2000
date of death	Reginald Alec Martin (1908--1971) was a British author of a variety of children's series and other novels.	Reginald Alec Martin	1971
date of death	Joseph Barber (1757 -- 16 July 1811) was an English landscape painter and art teacher, and an early member of the Birmingham School of landscape painters.	Joseph Barber	16 July 1811
date of death	María Luisa Pérez-Caballero Moltó (1923--1995), commonly known by her stage name Marilú Elízaga, was a Spanish actress of theatre, television, and film.	Marilú Elízaga	1995
date of death	S. E. Krupa Rao (1939--1993) was a Pastor of the Protestant Convention of Baptist Churches of Northern Circars where he held leadership positions in the Church society whose area of operation extended from Srikakulam District in the northern circars along the Bay of Bengal right through seven districts up to Guntur District.	S. E. Krupa Rao	1993
date of death	Kotla Vijaya Bhaskara Reddy (16 August 1920 -- 27 September 2001) was the chief minister of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh on two occasions, in 1983 and then from 1992 to 1994.	Kotla Vijaya Bhaskara Reddy	27 September 2001
date of death	Jason Farradane, born Jason Lewkowitch (29 September 1906 -- 27 June 1989) was a Polish-born British librarian.	Jason Farradane	1989
date of death	György Sándor (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɟørɟ ˈʃaːndor); 21 September 1912 -- 9 December 2005) was a Hungarian pianist and writer.	György Sándor	9 December 2005
date of death	Sir John Plowright Houfton (13 December 1857 -- 18 November 1929) was a British colliery owner and politician from Mansfield in Nottinghamshire.	John Plowright Houfton	18 November 1929
date of death	Matthew Derbyshire Mann (1844--1921) was one of the physicians who attended President William McKinley after he had been shot by Leon Czolgosz.	Matthew Derbyshire Mann	1921
date of death	Francisco de la Torre (floruit 1483--1504) was a Spanish composer mainly active in the Kingdom of Naples.	Francisco de la Torre	1504
date of death	Francis X. Murphy (June 16, 1914--2002) was a Redemptorist chaplain and theology professor.	Francis X. Murphy	2002
date of death	John Duncan Martin Derrett (more usually J Duncan M Derrett) (30 August 1922 -- 21 October 2012) was Professor of Oriental Laws in the University of London, from 1965 to 1982, and afterwards Emeritus Professor.	J Duncan M Derrett	21 October 2012
date of death	Jeremiah Colegrove (31 July 1758 -- 26 August 1836) was born to William Colegrove in Scituate, Rhode Island.	Jeremiah Colegrove	26 August 1836
date of death	Dr. Orison Swett Marden (1848--1924) was an American inspirational author who wrote about achieving success in life and founded SUCCESS magazine in 1897.	Orison Swett Marden	1924
date of death	Sándor Nemes, also known as Alexander Neufeld (25 September 1899 -- 27 October 1977) was an Hungarian football player and menager.	Sándor Nemes	27 October 1977
date of death	Esta Henry or Esther Henry (1883--1963) was an antique dealer in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Esta Henry	1963
date of death	Qian Shizhen (Chinese: 錢世楨; 1561--1642) was a Ming dynasty general who participated in the Imjin war.	Qian Shizhen	1642
date of death	Uberto Mori (28 January 1926 -- 6 September 1989) was an Italian layman who served as a lecturer in Bologna and was also an entrepreneur.	Uberto Mori	6 September 1989
date of death	Anne of Auvergne also known as Anna d'Auvergne (1358 -- Moulins 22 September 1417) was the only child of Beraud II, Dauphin of Auvergne and his first wife Jeanne of Forez.	Anne of Auvergne	22 September 1417
date of death	John Thomas Donovan (1878 -- 17 January 1922) was an Irish barrister and nationalist politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1914 to 1918.	John Thomas Donovan	1922
date of death	Edwin Henry Mason Smith died on in the Cornwell Public Hospital, Epsom, Auckland on 15 October 1971 at an age of 85 and was buried at Waikumete Cemetery on the 16th.	Edwin Henry Mason Smith	15 October 1971
date of death	Ernest Phipps (1900--1963) was an Old Time Country musician and Southern Gospel singer best known for his recordings at the Bristol Sessions in 1928.	Ernest Phipps	1963
date of death	Edward E. Simbalist (5 September 1943 -- 12 March 2005) was a role-playing game designer.	Edward E. Simbalist	12 March 2005
date of death	Tibor Perecsi (18 October 1941 -- 17 February 2014) was a Hungarian footballer, who was part of the Ferencváros team that won the 1964--65 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup.	Tibor Perecsi	17 February 2014
date of death	Yang Zaisi (楊再思) (died 709), formally Duke Gong of Zheng (鄭恭公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty, serving several times as chancellor during the reigns of Wu Zetian and her son Emperor Zhongzong.	Yang Zaisi	709
date of death	Heinrich Neal (September 11, 1870 -- 1940) was a German Capellmeister at Heidelberg, born to the artist David Dalhoff Neal and Marie Ainmiller, and brother to dramatist Maximilian Dalhoff Neal.	Heinrich Neal	1940
date of death	Per Ulven (31 October 1925 -- 15 December 2009) is a Norwegian harness racer.	Per Ulven	15 December 2009
date of death	John Fulford (died 12 June 1518) was an English archdeacon.	John Fulford	12 June 1518
date of death	Serafino Tramezzini or Tramazzini (Ascoli Piceno, January 21, 1859 - 1893) was an Italian sculptor.	Serafino Tramezzini	1893
date of death	Nicholas Skerrett (died 1583) was a Roman Catholic clergyman who was Archbishop of Tuam in Ireland from 1580 to 1583.	Nicholas Skerrett	1583
date of death	Salauddin Mumtaz (Bengali: সালাহউদ্দিন মমতাজ; 1945 -- 31 July 1971) was a military officer who fought for the separatist side in the 1971 Bangladeshi War of Independence.	Salauddin Mumtaz	31 July 1971
date of death	Henry Robert Morland (1716/1719 -- 30 November 1797) was an English portrait painter, best remembered for a portrait of King George III, and for being the father of the animal painter George Morland.	Henry Robert Morland	30 November 1797
date of death	Magdalena Stenbock (14 September 1649 -- 24 January 1727), was a politically active Swedish countess and salon holder.	Magdalena Stenbock	1727
date of death	Sverre Brodahl (26 January 1909 -- 2 November 1998) was a Norwegian Nordic skier who competed in the 1930s.	Sverre Brodahl	2 November 1998
date of death	Monte Montague (23 April 1891 -- 6 April 1959) was the stage name for Walter H. Montague, an American film actor.	Monte Montague	6 April 1959
date of death	John Sotheby (1740--1807) was an English auctioneer, who is the eponym of the famous auction house Sotheby's.	John Sotheby	1807
date of death	Lillian Exum Clement (1894--1925), also known as Lillian Stafford after marrying, was the first woman elected to the North Carolina General Assembly and the first woman to serve in any state legislature in the Southern United States.	Lillian Exum Clement	1925
date of death	Chaudhry Fateh Muhammad Sial (1887--1960) was a companion of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad and the first Ahmadi Muslim missionary sent from India, under the leadership of Hakeem Noor-ud-Din, the first Khalifa of the Ahmadiyya movement.	Fateh Muhammad Sial	1960
date of death	Al Fagaly (5 January 1909 - 23 April 1963) was a U.S. cartoonist and creator of the Super Duck and There Oughta Be a Law! comic strips.	Al Fagaly	23 April 1963
date of death	Zena Dare (4 February 1887 -- 11 March 1975) was an English singer and actress who was famous for her performances in Edwardian musical comedy and other musical theatre and comedic plays in the first half of the 20th century.	Zena Dare	11 March 1975
date of death	Walter de Saleron (aka Walter of London), sixth Archbishop of Tuam, 1257-1258.	Walter de Saleron	1258
date of death	Alexander W. Brewster (5 June 1796 - 6 May 1851) was a prominent merchant and manufacturer, as well as a politician and educator in Erie, Pennsylvania.	Alexander W. Brewster	6 May 1851
date of death	Wang Xiang (185--269), courtesy name Xiuzheng (休徵), was a minister of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period.	Wang Xiang	269
date of death	Louise Gibson Annand-MacFarquhar MBE (27 May 1915 -- 6 January 2012) was a Scottish painter and film-maker .	Louise Gibson Annand	6 January 2012
date of death	Terry Hollindrake (21 December 1934 -- 29 January 2015) was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and 1960s, playing at representative level for Great Britain and Yorkshire, and at club level for Keighley, Hull and Bramley.	Terry Hollindrake	29 January 2015
date of death	Princess Januária of Brazil (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒɐnuˈaɾiɐ mɐˈɾiɐ); Januária Maria Joana Carlota Leopoldina Cândida Francisca Xavier de Paula Micaela Gabriela Rafaela Gonzaga; 11 March 1822 -- 13 March 1901) was a Brazilian princess and Portuguese infanta (princess).	Princess Januária of Brazil	13 March 1901
date of death	Henry Addington, 1st Viscount Sidmouth, PC (30 May 1757 -- 15 February 1844) was a British statesman who served as Prime Minister from 1801 to 1804.	Henry Addington, 1st Viscount Sidmouth	15 February 1844
date of death	Susanne Lothar (15 November 1960 -- 21 July 2012) was a German film, television and stage actress.	Susanne Lothar	21 July 2012
date of death	Ana Rosa Tornero (1907--1984) was a Bolivian writer, journalist, teacher, social reformer and a feminist.	Ana Rosa Tornero	1984
date of death	Jack Suchet (10 May 1908 -- 9 September 2001) was a South African-born English consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist, who carried out research on the use of penicillin in the treatment of venereal disease with Sir Alexander Fleming in London.	Jack Suchet	9 September 2001
date of death	Mingyi Nyo died on 24 November 1530, and was succeeded by his son Tabinshweti.	Mingyi Nyo	24 November 1530
date of death	Charles Rich, 4th Earl of Warwick (28 June 1611 -- 29 May 1673), styled The Honourable Charles Rich until 1658, was an English peer and politician.	Charles Rich, 4th Earl of Warwick	29 May 1673
date of death	Valery Ustyuzhin (Russian: Валерий Устюжин, 1945 -- 2 September 2010) was a Soviet heavyweight weightlifter.	Valery Ustyuzhin	2 September 2010
date of death	Hillel Seidel (Hebrew: הלל זיידל‎, 9 October 1920 -- 14 February 1999) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Independent Liberals and Likud between 1974 and 1981.	Hillel Seidel	14 February 1999
date of death	Muhammad Ibrahim Nugud (1930 -- 22 March 2012) was a Sudanese politician who was Secretary-General of the Sudanese Communist Party.	Muhammad Ibrahim Nugud	22 March 2012
date of death	Sami al-Jundi (1921-1996) was a Syrian Ba'athist politician, and a follower of Michel Aflaq.	Sami al-Jundi	1996
date of death	Cornelio Da Montalcino was a Franciscan friar who had embraced Judaism, and was burned alive on the Campo dei Fiori in Rome, Italy, in 1554.	Cornelio Da Montalcino	1554
date of death	Hermann Georg of Limburg, count of Limburg and Bronckhorst (1540 -- 1574), son of Georg of Limburg, count of Limburg and Bronckhorst.	Hermann Georg of Limburg	1574
date of death	Echthighern mac Cennétig, also spelled Echthigern, (died 950) was a son of Cennétig mac Lorcáin and brother of Mathgamain and Brian Bóruma of the Dál gCais in early medieval Ireland.	Echthighern mac Cennétig	950
date of death	Doreen Sloane (24 February 1934 in Birkenhead, the Wirral, Cheshire, England, UK -- 8 April 1990 in Liverpool, England, UK) was an English actress best known for her roles in the soap operas Coronation Street, Emmerdale and Brookside.	Doreen Sloane	8 April 1990
date of death	Ignaz Kögler (called Lai in Chinese) (11 May 1680 -- 30 March 1746) was a German Jesuit missionary in Qing China.	Ignaz Kögler	30 March 1746
date of death	Don Alfonso Fadrique (English: Alfonso Frederick, Catalan: N'Anfós Frederic d'Aragó) (died 1338) was the eldest and illegitimate son of Frederick II of Sicily.	Alfonso Fadrique	1338
date of death	James Gibbon (1819--1888) was a land speculator and politician in Queensland, Australia.	James Gibbon	1888
date of death	William Howard Hay, MD (1866 -- 1940) was a New York doctor, author, lecturer, and founder of The East Aurora Sun and Diet Sanatorium.	William Howard Hay	1940
date of death	Sir Frederick Richard Jordan KCMG (1881--1949) was an Australian barrister, the 9th Chief Justice of New South Wales and Lieutenant Governor of New South Wales.	Frederick Richard Jordan	1949
date of death	André E. Lalonde (1955 - 2012) was a Canadian geologist and former dean of the Faculty of Science at the University of Ottawa.	André E. Lalonde	2012
date of death	Patti Laursen (1927--2013) was an internationally renowned classical music recording producer.	Patti Laursen	2013
date of death	Lady Dorothea Du Bois (1728--1774) was an Irish writer.	Dorothea Du Bois	1774
date of death	Saint Cera of Ireland (alternately Chera, Chier, Ciara, Cyra, Keira, Kiara, Cier, Ciar) was an abbess in the 7th century who died in 679.	Saint Cera	679
date of death	George Arnold Wood (7 June 1865 -- 14 October 1928) was an English Australian historian notable for writing an early work on Australian history entitled The Discovery of Australia.	George Arnold Wood	14 October 1928
date of death	Máel Dúin mac Áedo (died 786) was a possible King of Munster from the Eóganacht Locha Léin branch of the Eóganachta.	Máel Dúin mac Áedo	786
date of death	Elizabeth Percy, Countess of Northumberland (née Wriothesley; 1646 -- 19 September 1690), was a British courtier.	Elizabeth Percy, Countess of Northumberland	19 September 1690
date of death	John Bonett was the pen name of John Hubert Arthur Coulson (10 August 1906 -- 21 January 1989), an English author, best known for numerous mystery and detective novels written in collaboration with his wife, Emery Bonett.	John Bonett	21 January 1989
date of death	Philibert Jacques Melotte (29 January 1880 -- 30 March 1961) was a British astronomer whose parents immigrated from Belgium.	Philibert Jacques Melotte	30 March 1961
date of death	George Donne, (1605-1639), a bit player in the establishment of Virginia, is described by historian Brent Tarter as, ``the less talented son of the clergyman and poet John Donne.''	George Donne	1639
date of death	Cater Rand (9 December 1749 in Lewes, Sussex, England -- 21 December 1825), his father, Charles Rand ? - 1763 had been born in Colchester, Essex, but relocated as a boy to Sussex in 1714.	Cater Rand	21 December 1825
date of death	Princess Mary Adelaide of Cambridge (Mary Adelaide Wilhelmina Elizabeth; 27 November 1833 -- 27 October 1897) was a member of the British Royal Family, a granddaughter of George III and great-grandmother of Elizabeth II. She held the title of Duchess of Teck through marriage.	Princess Mary Adelaide of Cambridge	27 October 1897
developer	Family BASIC or Famicom BASIC is the consumer product for programming Nintendo's Family Computer video game console of Japan.	Family BASIC	Nintendo
developer	Mega Man Zero 4, known in Japan as Rockman Zero 4 (ロックマンゼロ4, Rokkuman Zero Fō) in Japan, is a video game developed by Inti Creates and Natsume and published by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance (GBA) handheld.	Mega Man Zero 4	Inti Creates
developer	PC Paintbrush is graphics editing software created by the ZSoft Corporation in 1985 for computers running the MS-DOS operating system.	PC Paintbrush	ZSoft Corporation
developer	Lords of the Realm is a turn-based strategy computer game published and developed by Impressions Games.	Lords of the Realm	Impressions Games
developer	Space Combat is a game produced by Laminar Research to provide a simulation of space combat with accurate physics, unlike most other games of the same genre.	Space Combat	Laminar Research
developer	Bumpy Road is a platforming video game developed and published by Simogo for iOS and Mac. The game employs a unique control scheme: the player moves the road under a car instead of the car itself to achieve the objectives of the game.	Bumpy Road	Simogo
developer	ESPN International Winter Sports 2002 is a sports video game released in 2002 by Konami.	ESPN International Winter Sports 2002	Konami
developer	Arlington Horse Racing is a horse racing arcade game released by Strata / Incredible Technologies in 1990, based on the Arlington Park race track.	Arlington Horse Racing	Incredible Technologies
developer	Rick Dangerous is a series of two platform games released by Core Design (who would later make Tomb Raider) in the 1980s.	Rick Dangerous	Core Design
developer	Screen Sharing is a VNC client by Apple Inc. included as part of Mac OS X v10.5.	Screen Sharing	Apple Inc.
developer	Mega Man X4, originally released in Japan as Rockman X4 (ロックマンX4), is a video game developed by Capcom.	Mega Man X4	Capcom
developer	GT Cube is a racing video game release in 2003 by MTO for GameCube.	GT Cube	MTO
developer	The Great Tree is a game that was developed by Reflexive Entertainment.	The Great Tree	Reflexive Entertainment
developer	Arctic Thunder is a snowmobile racing game developed by Midway Games released as an arcade game as well as on Sony PlayStation 2 and Xbox consoles, being a launch title for the latter.	Arctic Thunder	Midway Games
developer	On 5 March 2008, The KMPlayer's Forum announced that the KMPlayer had been acquired by Pandora TV (a Korean streaming video company) in August 2007.	KMPlayer	Pandora TV
developer	MTX Mototrax (originally under the working title Travis Pastrana's Pro MotoX) is a Motocross videogame made by Left Field Productions and published by Activision for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox in 2004.	MTX Mototrax	Left Field Productions
developer	Ark Area is a scrolling futuristic shoot 'em up arcade game released by UPL in 1987 in Japan only.	Ark Area	UPL
developer	Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2, stylized as Ninja Gaiden Σ2, is an enhanced port of the 2008 Xbox 360 video game Ninja Gaiden II, and developed by Team Ninja exclusively for the PlayStation 3.	Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2	Team Ninja
developer	Zero Gunner is a shoot 'em up developed by Psikyo and released in 1997.	Zero Gunner	Psikyo
developer	Dead or Alive 5 Plus (stylized as Dead or Alive 5+ and abbreviated to DOA5+) is a fighting game in the Dead or Alive series, developed by Team Ninja in partnership with Sega AM2 and released by Tecmo Koei for the PlayStation Vita in March 2013.	Dead or Alive 5 Plus	Team Ninja
developer	Order Up! is a cooking simulation-styled mini-game compilation developed by SuperVillain Studios and published by Zoo Games and Funbox Media.	Order Up!	SuperVillain Studios
developer	The Pajama Sam series is a collection of point and click children's adventure and puzzle games originally created by Humongous Entertainment.	Pajama Sam	Humongous
developer	Supersonic Racers (Dare Devil Derby 3D in North America and Japan) is a racing video game developed by Supersonic Software and published by Mindscape, Inc. for the PlayStation.	Supersonic Racers	Supersonic Software
developer	Pacific Strike is a World War II combat flight simulator video game developed by Origin Systems and released by Electronic Arts for DOS in 1994.	Pacific Strike	Origin Systems
developer	PGA Tour Golf Team Challenge is a trackball based golf arcade game series manufactured by Global VR of San Jose, California.	PGA Tour Golf Team Challenge	Global VR
developer	All Star Cheer Squad is a rhythm video game developed by Gorilla Systems Corp for the Wii and Nintendo DS. It was released on October 27, 2008.	All Star Cheer Squad	Gorilla Systems
developer	Previously, Tru64 UNIX was a product of Compaq, and before that, Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC), where it was known as Digital UNIX (formerly DEC OSF/1 AXP).	Tru64 UNIX	Compaq	Digital Equipment Corporation
developer	Madden NFL 08 is an American football video game based on the NFL that was published by EA Sports and developed by EA Tiburon.	Madden NFL 08	EA Tiburon
developer	Game Party is a video game developed by FarSight Studios and published by Midway Games.	Game Party	FarSight Studios
developer	Wild Arms 3, known in Japan as Wild Arms Advanced 3rd (ワイルドアームズ アドヴァンスドサード Wairudo Adovansudo S), is a role-playing game developed by Media.Vision and Contrail for the PlayStation 2.	Wild Arms 3	Media.Vision
developer	The Movie Monster Game is a 1986 computer game by Epyx.	The Movie Monster Game	Epyx
developer	Bit.Trip Saga (stylized as BIT.TRIP SAGA) is a retro-style music video game developed by Gaijin Games and published by Aksys Games for the Nintendo 3DS handheld game console.	Bit.Trip Saga	Gaijin Games
developer	RayStorm is a scrolling shooter developed by the Taito Corporation.	RayStorm	Taito Corporation
developer	Mega Man Zero 2, known in Japan as Rockman Zero 2 (ロックマンゼロ2, Rokkuman Zero Tsū), is a video game developed by Inti Creates and published by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance (GBA) handheld game console.	Mega Man Zero 2	Inti Creates
developer	Last Ninja 3 is an action-adventure video game that was developed and published by System 3 for the Commodore 64, Amiga, Atari ST in 1991.	Last Ninja 3	System 3
developer	Might and Magic Mobile is a role-playing video game developed and released in 2004 by Gameloft for mobile phones (Java ME platform).	Might and Magic Mobile	Gameloft
developer	Disney Sports Soccer, known as Disney Sports Football in Europe, is a 2002 sports video game released by Konami.	Disney Sports Soccer	Konami
developer	Smashing Drive is a racing video game developed and published by Gaelco and distributed by Namco.	Smashing Drive	Gaelco
developer	Subwar 2050 is a futuristic 3D submarine simulator computer game developed by Particle Systems Ltd., Michael Powell acting as the lead designer, and published by MicroProse Software, Inc. The game was released in 1993 for DOS and 1994 for Amiga and Amiga CD32.	Subwar 2050	Particle Systems
developer	LostWinds is a 2008 platform video game developed by Frontier Developments and published for the Wii as a launch title for WiiWare.	LostWinds	Frontier Developments
developer	IBM SPSS Modeler 14.0 was the first release of Modeler by IBM IBM SPSS Modeler 15, released in June 2012, introduced significant new functionality for Social Network Analysis and Entity Analytics.	SPSS Modeler	IBM IBM
developer	Great Greed, known in Japan as Bitamīna Oukoku Monogatari (ビタミーナ王国物語, lit. ``Vitamina Kingdom Story''), is an environmentally-themed role-playing video game for the Nintendo Game Boy released by Namco in 1992.	Great Greed	Namco
developer	Guild Wars Nightfall is a fantasy Action RPG and the third stand-alone campaign in the Guild Wars computer game series developed by Seattle-based game developer studio ArenaNet, a subsidiary of NCSOFT corporation.	Guild Wars Nightfall	ArenaNet
developer	Grandmaster Chess is a 1993 video game to play chess for PC DOS platform develop by IntraCorp and its subsidiary Capstone that was focused on neural network technology and an artificial intelligence (AI) able to learn from mistakes.	Grandmaster Chess	IntraCorp
developer	Toontown Online was a massively multiplayer online role-playing game, developed by Disney Interactive and published by The Walt Disney Company.	Toontown Online	Disney Interactive
developer	Armor Battle is a multiplayer game released by Mattel for its Intellivision video game system in 1979.	Armor Battle	Mattel
developer	Miner 2049er is a platform video game created by Bill Hogue that was released in 1982 by Big Five Software.	Miner 2049er	Big Five Software
developer	The product was originally developed in the early 1980s by Canadian company Quantum Software Systems, later renamed QNX Software Systems and ultimately acquired by BlackBerry in 2010.	QNX	BlackBerry
developer	WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007 is a professional wrestling video game released by THQ and developed by Yuke's Future Media Creators.	WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007	Yuke
developer	NHL Eastside Hockey Manager is an ice hockey management simulation game developed by Sports Interactive (SI Games) and published by Sega.	NHL Eastside Hockey Manager	Sports Interactive
developer	The Apple A6 is a 32-bit package on package (PoP) system on a chip (SoC) designed by Apple Inc. that was introduced on September 12, 2012 at the launch of the iPhone 5.	Apple A6	Apple Inc.
developer	Cubixx HD is a puzzle game developed by UK-based studio Laughing Jackal released on the PlayStation Network in Europe on August 17, 2011 and September 20, 2011 in North America.	Cubixx HD	Laughing Jackal
director	Blood Junkie (originally filmed under the working title Rocky Trails) is a 2010 American independent comedy horror movie that was written and directed by Drew Rosas.	Blood Junkie	Drew Rosas
director	Vikatakavi (Malayalam: വികടകവി) is a 1984 Malayalam film written and directed by Hariharan.	Vikatakavi	Hariharan
director	The Joy of Life (2005) is an experimental landscape documentary by filmmaker Jenni Olson about the history of suicide and the Golden Gate Bridge, and the adventures of a butch lesbian in San Francisco, California.	The Joy of Life	Jenni Olson
director	Pains of Autumn (Turkish: Güz Sancısı) is a 2009 Turkish drama film, directed by Tomris Giritlioğlu, based on the novel by Yılmaz Karakoyunlu.	Pains of Autumn	Tomris Giritlioğlu
director	Midnight Mystery is a 1930 American mystery film directed by George B. Seitz, from a screenplay by Beulah Marie Dix, adapted from the play, Hawk Island, by Howard Irving Young.	Midnight Mystery	George B. Seitz
dissolved or abolished	On January 6, 2009 UST Inc. was purchased by Altria.	UST Inc.	2009
dissolved or abolished	The Italian Regency of Carnaro (Italian: Reggenza Italiana del Carnaro) was a self-proclaimed state in the city of Fiume (now Rijeka, Croatia) led by Gabriele d'Annunzio between 1919 and 1920.	Italian Regency of Carnaro	1920
dissolved or abolished	The company, initially called ``New British Aerospace'', was officially formed on 30 November 1999 and known as BAE Systems.	British Aerospace	30 November 1999
dissolved or abolished	The House of Aviz continued to rule Portugal until Philip II of Spain inherited the Portuguese crown with the Portuguese succession crisis of 1580.	House of Aviz	1580
dissolved or abolished	Credit Suisse legally merged with Clariden Leu on April 2, 2012, acquiring all of Clariden Leu's assets and liabilities and assuming all of its rights and obligations.	Clariden Leu	2012
dissolved or abolished	The Auckland Province was a province of New Zealand from 1853 until the abolition of provincial government in 1876.	Auckland Province	1876
dissolved or abolished	Silla (57 BC -- 935 AD) (Korean pronunciation: (ɕʰilːa)) was one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea, and one of the world's longest sustained dynasties.	Silla	935
dissolved or abolished	In July 2002, Pharmacia and Pfizer announced an agreement that Pfizer would purchase Pharmacia; control of celecoxib was often mentioned as a key reason for Pfizer's acquisition of Pharmacia.	Pharmacia	2002
dissolved or abolished	Evoga began bankruptcy procedures and ceased operations in 2004.	Evoga	2004
dissolved or abolished	When the Batavian Republic was created in 1795, the Lordship of Frisia was abolished as a relic of the Ancien Régime.	Lordship of Frisia	1795
dissolved or abolished	East Florida (Spanish: Florida Oriental) was a colony of Great Britain from 1763 to 1783 and a province of Spanish Florida from 1783 to 1822.	East Florida	1822
dissolved or abolished	Xonox was one of many small video game companies to fold during the Video Game Crash of 1983.	Xonox	1983
dissolved or abolished	When Æthelflæd died in 918, Ælfwynn, her daughter by Æthelred, succeeded as 'Second Lady of the Mercians', but within six months Edward had deprived her of all authority in Mercia and taken her into Wessex.	Mercia	918
dissolved or abolished	The League of Communists of Serbia (Serbo-Croatian: Savez komunista Srbije, Савез комуниста Србије, SKS) was the Serbian branch of the League of Communists of Yugoslavia, the sole legal party of Yugoslavia from 1945 to 1990.	League of Communists of Serbia	1990
dissolved or abolished	The Turinelli & Pezza was an Italian electric car manufactured only in 1899.	Turinelli & Pezza	1899
dissolved or abolished	Alberto-Culver was purchased by the Anglo-Dutch consumer goods company Unilever on September 27, 2010 for US$3.7 billion.	Alberto-Culver	2010
dissolved or abolished	Eskilstunahus County, or Eskilstunahus län, was a county of the Swedish Empire from 1634 to 1683, named after the county seat of Eskilstuna House.	Eskilstunahus County	1683
dissolved or abolished	In 1647 Emperor Ferdinand III separated the ``County of Gradisca'' from Gorizia for his courtier Johann Anton von Eggenberg, until in 1747 both were again merged to form the Princely County of Gorizia and Gradisca, a crown land of the Habsburg Monarchy.	County of Gorizia	1747
dissolved or abolished	On May 6, 1990, Halle-Neustadt merged back into Halle again.	Halle-Neustadt	1990
dissolved or abolished	The Dominican Party (Spanish: Partido Dominicano, PD) was the de facto only political party in the Dominican Republic during the dictatorship of Rafael Trujillo, who ruled the country from 1930 to 1961.	Dominican Party	1961
dissolved or abolished	Alpha Rho Upsilon (ΑΡΥ; usually pronounced ARU) was a fraternity at Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine, from 1946 until it was disbanded in 1990.	Alpha Rho Upsilon	1990
dissolved or abolished	Ruled in personal union with the Electorate of Bavaria from 1777, the Electoral Palatinate was finally disestablished with the German mediatization in 1803.	Electoral Palatinate	1803
dissolved or abolished	From 1416 to 1860, the House of Savoy ruled the Duchy of Savoy (Italian: Savoia, French: Savoie, German: Savoyen).	Duchy of Savoy	1860
dissolved or abolished	The Cheng Han (simplified Chinese: 成汉; traditional Chinese: 成漢; pinyin: Chénghàn; 303 or 304-347) was a state of the Sixteen Kingdoms during the Jin Dynasty (265-420) in China.	Cheng Han	347
dissolved or abolished	The Right Honourable Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India (commonly known as the India Board or the Board of Control) was an arm of the Government of the United Kingdom responsible for managing the Government's interest in British India and the East India Company between 1784 and 1858.	India Board	1858
dissolved or abolished	The Bolognese Republic was proclaimed in 1796 in the Central Italian city of Bologna.	Bolognese Republic	1796
dissolved or abolished	The Juzan was a French automobile manufactured only in 1897; it was a light motorised quadricycle along De Dion lines.	Juzan	1897
dissolved or abolished	At the start of January, 2009 the UIQ Technology filed for bankruptcy.	UIQ	2009
dissolved or abolished	Established in 1672 for Bernhard, fourth son of Wilhelm, Duke of Saxe-Weimar, Saxe-Jena was reincorporated into Saxe-Weimar on the extinction of Bernhard's line in 1690.	Saxe-Jena	1690
dissolved or abolished	Transit New Zealand was merged with Land Transport New Zealand to form the New Zealand Transport Agency (NZTA) on 1 August 2008.	Transit New Zealand	1 August 2008
dissolved or abolished	The Khanate of Khiva (Persian: خانات خیوه‎‎, Uzbek: 'خیوه خانلیگی') was a Central Asian state that existed in the historical region of Khwarezm from 1511 to 1920, except for a period of Persian occupation by Nadir Shah between 1740--1746.	Khanate of Khiva	1920
dissolved or abolished	In August 2002, Presto Studios shut down new development after the release of an Xbox title Whacked!.	Presto Studios	2002
dissolved or abolished	Rengsjöbilen (the Rengsjö car), Jonsson or just ``Bilen'' (the car) was the names given to a series of ten cars made by sawmill owner Anders Jonsson in Rengsjö, Hälsingland between 1914 and 1916.	Rengsjöbilen	1916
dissolved or abolished	Beylik of Çubukoğulları (Turkish: Çubukoğulları Beyliği, literally ``sons of Çubuk'') was a small and short-lived principality in East Anatolia, Turkey between 1085 and 1112.	Beylik of Çubukoğulları	1112
dissolved or abolished	The General Captaincy of Chile (Capitanía General de Chile) or Gobernación de Chile, was a colony of the Spanish Empire from 1541 to 1818, the year in which it declared itself independent, becoming the Republic of Chile.	General Captaincy of Chile	1818
dissolved or abolished	Drug Emporium is the name of a discount drug store corporation, founded in 1977 in Columbus, Ohio, that was sold to several different buyers during 2000 to 2001.	Drug Emporium	2001
dissolved or abolished	Renaissance Broadcasting, founded in 1982 by Michael Finkelstien, was a company that owned several UHF television stations, it was sold to Tribune Broadcasting in 1997.	Renaissance Broadcasting	1997
dissolved or abolished	Argonaut Games plc was a British video game developer, founded in 1982 and liquidated in 2004.	Argonaut Games	2004
dissolved or abolished	When The Thomson Corporation merged with Reuters to form Thomson Reuters in April 2008, Thomson Financial was merged with the business of Reuters to form the Markets Division of Thomson Reuters.	Thomson Financial	April 2008
dissolved or abolished	However, there had previously been a ``Chrysler Australia Ltd'' which had operated as a vehicle manufacturer in Australia from 1951 until 1980.	Chrysler Australia	1980
dissolved or abolished	The Arzac was a small French cyclecar manufactured in Paris from 1926 to 1927.	Arzac	1927
employer	Buck Goldstein (born March 11, 1948 in Atlanta, Georgia) is the Entrepreneur in residence and a Professor of Practice in the Department of Economics at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Buck Goldstein	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Christopher Elton is a British pianist, former Head of the Keyboard department of the Royal Academy of Music in London and a professor emeritus of the University of London.	Christopher Elton	Royal Academy of Music
employer	Melissa L. Tatum is the research professor of law and director of the Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy Program at the University of Arizona's James E. Rogers College of Law.	Melissa L. Tatum	University of Arizona
employer	Juan Ramón de la Fuente Ramírez (born 5 September 1951 in Mexico City) is a Mexican psychiatrist, academician and politician who served as Secretary of Health in the cabinet of President Ernesto Zedillo (1994--1999) and as rector of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) from 1999 to 2007.	Juan Ramón de la Fuente	National Autonomous University of Mexico
employer	Nurith Aviv is Professor at La Fémis (Paris), and was, in 1975, the first woman in France to be officially recognized as a Director of Photography by the CNC (Centre National de la cinematographie).	Nurith Aviv	La Fémis
employer	Zidane Zeraoui El Awad is a Mexican professor and researcher of Algerian origin who specializes in international relations and the Middle East at the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education.	Zidane Zeraoui El Awad	Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education
employer	Sander Griffioen (born 31 May 1941) is a Dutch philosopher, and Emeritus Professor for intercultural philosophy at the Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam.	Sander Griffioen	Vrije Universiteit
employer	Kristin Ross (born 1953) is a professor of comparative literature at New York University.	Kristin Ross	New York University
employer	Steven Johnston is the American, Neal A. Maxwell Chair in Political Theory, Public Policy, and Public Service in the Department of Political Science at the University of Utah.	Steven Johnston	University of Utah
employer	Lieutenant general Carlos Alberto dos Santos Cruz is a Brazilian military officer who previously held the post of Force Commander of the United Nations' peacekeeping force in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (known by its acronym, MONUSCO).	Carlos Alberto dos Santos Cruz	United Nations
employer	Robert R. Shannon is Professor Emeritus of Optical Sciences at the University of Arizona College of Optical Sciences.	Robert R. Shannon	University of Arizona
employer	Daniel S. Rokhsar is a professor in the departments of Physics and of Molecular and Cell Biology at University of California, Berkeley and Head of the Plant Genomics Program at the Joint Genome Institute of the United States Department of Energy.	Daniel S. Rokhsar	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Emery Bopp (May 13, 1924 -- February 1, 2007) was an artist and long-time chairman of the Division of Art, Bob Jones University.	Emery Bopp	Bob Jones University
employer	Manfred Frank (born March 22, 1945) is a German philosopher, emeritus professor of philosophy at the University of Tübingen.	Manfred Frank	University of Tübingen
employer	Alan Mackworth is a Professor of Computer Science and Canada Research Chair in Artificial Intelligence in the Department of Computer Science at the University of British Columbia.	Alan Mackworth	University of British Columbia
employer	Karen Brazell held a PhD from Columbia University, and was, until her death, Goldwin Smith Professor Emeritus of Japanese Literature and Theatre at Cornell University.	Karen Brazell	Cornell University
employer	Daniel W. Drezner (born August 28, 1968) is an American professor of international politics at The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University, an author of books and op-ed pieces, a blogger, and a commentator.	Daniel W. Drezner	The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy
employer	Joel E. Siegel (1940 -- 11 March 2004) was a professor of English and film studies at Georgetown University, a film and music critic, a music producer, and a lyricist.	Joel E. Siegel	Georgetown University
employer	Kathrin Bringmann (born 8 May 1977) is a German number theorist in the University of Cologne, Germany, who has made fundamental contributions to the theory of mock theta functions.	Kathrin Bringmann	University of Cologne
employer	Professor John Haffenden FBA FRSL is Emeritus Professor of English Literature at the University of Sheffield.	John Haffenden	University of Sheffield
employer	Lindsay Moran (born 18 December 1969) is a former clandestine officer for the Central Intelligence Agency.	Lindsay Moran	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	N'Gai Croal is a video game critic and consultant, previously employed by Newsweek, currently involved in his own consultancy company.	N'Gai Croal	Newsweek
employer	Cheick Sidi Diarra (born 31 May 1957, in Kayes) previously served as United Nations Special Adviser on Africa and High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States (OSAA/OHRLLS).	Cheick Sidi Diarra	United Nations
employer	Hassan Hanafi (حسن حنفی) (born 1935 in Cairo, Egypt) is a professor and chairs the philosophy department at Cairo University.	Hassan Hanafi	Cairo University
employer	Anjan Chakravartty is an analytic philosopher and a professor of philosophy at the University of Notre Dame.	Anjan Chakravartty	University of Notre Dame
employer	T. S. Kalyanaraman (born 1951) is an Indian businessman best known as the chairman and managing director of Kalyan Jewellers and Kalyan Developers.	T. S. Kalyanaraman	Kalyan Jewellers
employer	Gwendoline Kirby was a nurse, and matron of Great Ormond Street Hospital.	Gwendoline Kirby	Great Ormond Street Hospital
employer	Ragnar Knoph (24 October 1894 -- 25 December 1938) was a Norwegian jurist and professor of jurisprudence at the University of Oslo.	Ragnar Knoph	University of Oslo
employer	Martin Hume Johnson (born 1944) FRS FMedSci FSB FRCOG is Emeritus Professor of Reproductive Sciences in the Department of Physiology, Development and Neuroscience (PDN) at the University of Cambridge.	Martin Hume Johnson	University of Cambridge
employer	Murray Barnson Emeneau (February 28, 1904 -- August 29, 2005) was an emeritus professor and founder of the Department of Linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley.	Murray Barnson Emeneau	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Susan Schulten is an American historian, and professor at the University of Denver.	Susan Schulten	University of Denver
employer	Jeffrey A. Harvey (born February 15, 1955 in San Antonio, Texas) is a Professor of Physics and string theorist at University of Chicago.	Jeffrey A. Harvey	University of Chicago
employer	George Auckland is a UK television and digital media executive, now retired after a long career at the BBC.	George Auckland	BBC
employer	Rui Chenggang (Chinese: 芮成钢; pinyin: Ruì Chénggāng; born September 24, 1977) is a Chinese news anchor and journalist for China's state-run broadcaster China Central Television.	Rui Chenggang	China Central Television
employer	Kumar Mangalam Birla is an Indian industrialist and the Chairman of the Aditya Birla Group, one of the largest conglomerate corporations in India.	Kumar Mangalam Birla	Aditya Birla Group
employer	In 1799 Esaias Tegnér, hitherto educated in the country, entered Lund University, where he graduated in philosophy in 1802, and continued as tutor until 1810, when he was elected Greek lecturer.	Esaias Tegnér	Lund University
employer	Peter E. Hook (born 1942) is professor emeritus in the Department of Asian Languages and Cultures at the University of Michigan.	Peter E. Hook	University of Michigan
employer	Prof. Dr. of Engineering Hiroshi Yasuda (b.1944) is an Emeritus Professor at the University of Tokyo and works as a Consultant for Nippon Telegraph and Telephone.	Hiroshi Yasuda	University of Tokyo
employer	Samuel Theobald (November 12, 1846 -- December 30, 1930) was a clinical professor of ophthalmology and otology at Johns Hopkins University Medical School.	Samuel Theobald	Johns Hopkins University
employer	A founding member of Quartet Canada, Ronald Turini was Professor Emeritus of piano performance at the University of Western Ontario, in London, Ontario until 2008.	Ronald Turini	University of Western Ontario
employer	Professor Ctirad Uher is the C. Wilbur Peters Collegiate Professor at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.	Ctirad Uher	University of Michigan
employer	Norman Perrin (29 November 1920--25 November 1976) was an English-born, American biblical scholar at the University of Chicago.	Norman Perrin	University of Chicago
employer	Ban Ki-moon (Hangul: 반기문; hanja: 潘基文; born 13 June 1944) is a South Korean statesman and politician who is the eighth and current Secretary-General of the United Nations.	Ban Ki-moon	United Nations
employer	Henry Calvert Simons (October 9, 1899 -- June 19, 1946) was an American economist at the University of Chicago.	Henry Calvert Simons	University of Chicago
employer	Lyn Yvonne Abramson (born February 7, 1950) is a professor of psychology at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Lyn Yvonne Abramson	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Ann Saterbak is a Professor and Chair of the Department of Bioengineering at Rice University, and is a co-author of Bioengineering Fundamentals.	Ann Saterbak	Rice University
employer	Melville Elijah Stone (August 22, 1848 -- February 15, 1929) was a newspaper publisher, the founder of the Chicago Daily News, and was the general manager of the reorganized Associated Press.	Melville Elijah Stone	Chicago Daily News	Associated Press
employer	Richard Alan Cross is Rev. John A. O'Brien Professor of Philosophy and Chair of the Philosophy Department at the University of Notre Dame.	Richard Alan Cross	University of Notre Dame
employer	Jamaluddin Mousavi (Mosawi) aka Jamal Mousavi (Persian: جمال الدین موسوی; born in Kabul, Afghanistan) is a BBC Persian TV presenter.	Jamaluddin Mousavi	BBC Persian
employer	Dr. Marc Trachtenberg (born 1946) is a professor of Political Science at the University of California, Los Angeles.	Marc Trachtenberg	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Sheldon Garon is a Princeton University professor who has been described as ``the world's leading historian on household saving.''	Sheldon Garon	Princeton University
employer	Professor Jonathan Freeman-Attwood is the 14th Principal of the Royal Academy of Music in London, and was appointed in 2008.	Jonathan Freeman-Attwood	Royal Academy of Music
employer	William Starr Myers (June 17, 1877 - January 27, 1956) was a Princeton University professor and historian who chronicled New Jersey and the GOP.	William Starr Myers	Princeton University
employer	Stanley J. Shapiro (born 1934) is Professor Emeritus of Marketing at Simon Fraser University, British Columbia, Canada.	Stanley J. Shapiro	Simon Fraser University
employer	Norman Dorsen is a professor at the New York University School of Law, and specializes in Constitutional Law, Civil Liberties, and Comparative Constitutional Law.	Norman Dorsen	New York University
employer	Konstantin Ramul (30 May 1879 in Kuressaare -- 11 February 1975 in Tartu) was an Estonian professor of psychology and longtime chair of psychology at the University of Tartu.	Konstantin Ramul	University of Tartu
employer	Susan Nolen-Hoeksema (May 22, 1959 -- January 2, 2013) was an American Professor of Psychology at Yale University.	Susan Nolen-Hoeksema	Yale University
employer	M. Eric Johnson is Dean of the Owen Graduate School of Management, Vanderbilt University.	M. Eric Johnson	Vanderbilt University
employer	Francisco Hernández García (alias ``El 2000'', ``El Panchillo'') is a Mexican drug lord of the Beltrán Leyva Cartel.	Francisco Hernández García	Beltrán Leyva Cartel
employer	John F. Burke (July 22, 1922 -- 2011) was an American medical researcher at Harvard University widely known for his co-invention of synthetic skin in 1981, together with Dr. Ioannis V. Yannas.	John F. Burke	Harvard University
employer	Francis Bull (4 October 1887 -- 4 July 1974) was a Norwegian literary historian, professor at the University of Oslo for more than thirty years, essayist and speaker, and magazine editor.	Francis Bull	University of Oslo
employer	Joanna Berzowska is an Associate Professor of Design and Computation Arts at Concordia University in Montreal.	Joanna Berzowska	Concordia University
employer	Jack M. Sasson, now retired, taught most recently as Mary Jane Werthan Professor of Jewish Studies and Hebrew Bible at Vanderbilt Divinity School and before that as a Professor of Classics at Vanderbilt University.	Jack M. Sasson	Vanderbilt University
employer	Joanna Scott (born 1960) is an American author and Roswell Smith Burrows Professor of English at the University of Rochester.	Joanna Scott	University of Rochester
employer	Eric Schechter (born August 1, 1950) is an American mathematician, retired from Vanderbilt University with the title of Professor Emeritus.	Eric Schechter	Vanderbilt University
employer	Kate Bronfenbrenner (March 23, 1954) is the Director of Labor Education Research at the Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations.	Kate Bronfenbrenner	Cornell University
employer	Julia Bryan-Wilson is an associate professor at the University of California, Berkeley, who studies feminist and queer theory, craft histories, and questions of artistic labor, as well as photography, video, collaborative practices, and visual culture of the nuclear age.	Julia Bryan-Wilson	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Axel Holst (6 September 1860 -- 26 April 1931) was a Norwegian professor of hygiene and bacteriology at the University of Oslo, known for his contributions to beriberi and scurvy.	Axel Holst	University of Oslo
employer	Benjamin Peirce (/ˈpɜːrs/; April 4, 1809 -- October 6, 1880) was an American mathematician who taught at Harvard University for approximately 50 years.	Benjamin Peirce	Harvard University
employer	Currently George L. Paddison Professor of Latin Emeritus at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Jerzy Linderski is one of the foremost classical philologists and Roman historians of the modern era.	Jerzy Linderski	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Josef Pekař (April 12, 1870 Malý Rohozec at Turnov -- January 23, 1937 Prague) was a prominent Czech historian of the turn of 19th and 20th century, professor and rector of Charles University in Prague.	Josef Pekař	Charles University in Prague
employer	Gary P. Gillum (born 1944 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is a librarian-emeritus of Brigham Young University (BYU).	Gary P. Gillum	Brigham Young University
employer	Aksel Lydersen (22 February 1919 -- 1 September 1995) was a Norwegian engineer and professor in chemical engineering at the Norwegian Institute of Technology from 1965 to 1987.	Aksel Lydersen	Norwegian Institute of Technology
employer	Edward D. Miller Jr. was the Frances Watt Baker, M.D. and Lenox D. Baker Jr., M.D. Dean of the Medical Faculty at Johns Hopkins University and the Chief Executive Officer of Johns Hopkins Medicine from 1997 to 2012.	Edward D. Miller	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Antoine Compagnon (born 1950 in Brussels, Belgium) is a Professor of French Literature at Collège de France, Paris (2006--), and the Blanche W. Knopf Professor of French and Comparative Literature at Columbia University, New York (1985--).	Antoine Compagnon	Collège de France
employer	Günter Asser (26 February 1926, Berlin -- 23 March 2015) was a professor emeritus of logic and mathematics at the University of Greifswald.	Günter Asser	University of Greifswald
employer	Between 1997 and 2000, Joanna MacGregor was Professor of Music at Gresham College, London, giving free public lectures.	Joanna MacGregor	Gresham College
employer	Klaus Brockhoff (born 16 October 1939) is a German economist, organizational theorist and Emeritus Professor at the University of Kiel.	Klaus Brockhoff	University of Kiel
employer	Suzi Perry (born 3 May 1970) is an English television presenter, best known for covering MotoGP for the BBC for 13 years, The Gadget Show on Channel 5 for 9 years and the BBC's Formula One coverage from 2013 to 2015.	Suzi Perry	BBC
employer	John T. Lis (born in Willimantic, Connecticut) is the Barbara McClintock Professor of Molecular Biology & Genetics at the Cornell University College of Agriculture and Life Sciences.	John T. Lis	Cornell University
employer	Virginia Tufte is an author and distinguished emerita professor of English at the University of Southern California.	Virginia Tufte	University of Southern California
employer	Bill Greenslade was a BBC Radio presenter.	Bill Greenslade	BBC
employer	William H. Leary was the Dean of the University of Utah College of Law, now known as the S.J. Quinney College of Law, from 1915 to 1950.	William H. Leary	University of Utah
employer	William James Perry (1887--1949), usually known as W. J. Perry, was a leader in cultural anthropology at University College, London.	William James Perry	University College, London
employer	Andreea Esca (born August 29, 1972) is a Romanian television journalist on the Pro TV network.	Andreea Esca	Pro TV
employer	Hope A. Olson is Associate Dean and Professor at the School of Information Studies at the University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee.	Hope A. Olson	University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee
employer	James Allen Graff (b. East Orange, NJ, 1937 - d. Toronto, ON, October 23, 2005) was a professor of philosophy at the University of Toronto and an activist focused on human rights in Palestine.	James Allen Graff	University of Toronto
employer	Ali Reza Sheikholeslami was Masoumeh and Fereydoon Soudavar Professor of Persian Studies at the University of Oxford from 1990--2006.	Reza Sheikholeslami	University of Oxford
founder	The Turn 2 Foundation is a charitable organization founded by New York Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter in 1996.	Turn 2 Foundation	Derek Jeter
founder	Illumination Entertainment is an American animation film production company, founded by Chris Meledandri in 2007.	Illumination Entertainment	Chris Meledandri
founder	Vinilkosmo was created in 1990 by Floréal Martorell in the framework of the Esperanto music association EUROKKA.	Vinilkosmo	Floréal Martorell
founder	The Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences (Swedish: Kungliga Krigsvetenskapsakademin), founded 12 November 1796 by Gustaf Wilhelm af Tibell, is one of the Royal Academies in Sweden.	Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences	Gustaf Wilhelm af Tibell
founder	The Arab Liberation Movement (Arabic: حركة التحرر العربي‎ Ḥarakat Al-Taharror Al-'Arabiy, ALM) was a Syrian political party founded on 25 August 1952 by the President of Syria Adib Shishakli, during his government was the only legal party in Syria until 1954.	Arab Liberation Movement	Adib Shishakli
headquarters location	Vacasa is a vacation rental property management company based in Portland, Oregon.	Vacasa	Portland
headquarters location	Image Space Incorporated, commonly known as ISI is an independent video game developer based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, specializing in the fields of computer game development, man-in-the-loop simulator architectures, computer image generation, and entertainment systems integration.	Image Space Incorporated	Ann Arbor
headquarters location	Moving Brands was established in London in 1998 by Central St Martins graduates Ben Wolstenholme, James Bull and Joe Sharpe, alongside Wolstenholme's brother Guy and cousin Toby Younger.	Moving Brands	London
headquarters location	Premier Marinas Limited is based in Hampshire and owns and manages eight coastal marinas and boatyards in England.	Premier Marinas	Hampshire
headquarters location	To date, Philtrust Bank has a total of 37 branches in Metro Manila and 15 provincial branches.	Philtrust Bank	Manila
headquarters location	Australian Aircraft Kits Pty Ltd is an Australian aircraft manufacturer based in Taree, New South Wales, that was established in 2003.	Australian Aircraft Kits	Taree, New South Wales
headquarters location	SCAN Health Plan (SCAN) is a not-for-profit health plan founded in 1977 and based in Long Beach, California.	SCAN Health Plan	Long Beach
headquarters location	In October 1960 Ernie Strack and Nick Van Til partnered and opened their first Strack & Van Til in Highland, Indiana.	Strack & Van Til	Highland
headquarters location	EID Parry Limited is a public company headquartered in Chennai, South India that has been in business for more than 225 years.	EID Parry	Chennai
headquarters location	Metronet Rail was one of two infrastructure companies (the other being Tube Lines Ltd) in a public-private partnership with London Underground.	Metronet	London
headquarters location	Andritz AG is an Austrian plant engineering group headquartered in Graz.	Andritz AG	Graz
headquarters location	Hesketh Motorcycles is a British motorcycle manufacturer, initially based in Daventry and Easton Neston, Northamptonshire, England.	Hesketh Motorcycles	Daventry
headquarters location	Kerr, Stuart and Company Ltd was a locomotive manufacturer from Stoke-on-Trent, England.	Kerr, Stuart and Company	Stoke-on-Trent
headquarters location	The Martin Band Instrument Company was a musical instrument manufacturer in Elkhart, Indiana.	Martin Band Instrument Company	Elkhart
headquarters location	Imperial Innovations is a UK technology commercialisation and investment company, based in London.	Imperial Innovations	London
headquarters location	Huntsman Security (formerly Tier-3) was founded in Sydney, Australia in 1999.	Huntsman Security	Sydney
headquarters location	Cove Energy plc, also known as Cove, was a London-headquartered oil & gas exploration company with assets in East Africa.	Cove Energy plc	London
headquarters location	From its headquarters in Bellevue, Washington, United States, Western Wireless Corporation provided wireless communications service in 19 western states.	Western Wireless Corporation	Bellevue
headquarters location	GoodData is an American software company headquartered in San Francisco, CA.	GoodData	San Francisco
headquarters location	Since its foundation in 1946, Sun-Rype has been producing juices and fruit snacks in Kelowna, British Columbia, in the heart of the Okanagan.	Sun-Rype	Kelowna
headquarters location	Italjet Moto Srl (Italjet) is an Italian manufacturer of motorcycles, headquartered in Castel San Pietro Terme, Bologna, Italy.	Italjet	Castel San Pietro Terme
headquarters location	DNA Films is located in London.	DNA Films	London
headquarters location	Minichamps is a die-cast car producer founded as Paul's Model Art GmbH in 1990 in Aachen, Germany, best known for its 1:43 scale models.	Minichamps	Aachen
headquarters location	Adscape is a San Francisco in-game advertising company that was acquired by Google in February 2007.	Adscape	San Francisco
headquarters location	Weltbild Publishing Group (German: Verlagsgruppe Weltbild) is a major German publisher and media retailer based in Augsburg.	Weltbild Publishing Group	Augsburg
headquarters location	Imprint Entertainment is a film and television production and management company located on the Universal Studios lot in Burbank, California.	Imprint Entertainment	Burbank
headquarters location	Sucré is a dessert boutique that launched in New Orleans, Louisiana in April 2007.	Sucré	New Orleans
headquarters location	Amano Artisan Chocolate is an American bean-to-bar chocolate manufacturer based in Orem, Utah.	Amano Artisan Chocolate	Orem
headquarters location	Dole Food Company, Inc. is an American agricultural multinational corporation headquartered in Westlake Village, California.	Dole Food Company	Westlake Village
headquarters location	DAMAC Properties is a property development company in the Middle East, based in Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates.	DAMAC Properties	Dubai
headquarters location	Simms Fishing Products is a high end fishing equipment, accessories and apparel manufacturer in Bozeman, Montana.	Simms Fishing Products	Bozeman
headquarters location	Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd. (ZEEL) is an Indian media and entertainment company based in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Zee Entertainment Enterprises	Mumbai
headquarters location	Albanian Institute for International Studies (AIIS) is a think tank based in Tirana, Albania.	Albanian Institute for International Studies	Tirana
headquarters location	Rainbow Grocery Cooperative is a worker-owned and run food cooperative located in San Francisco, California.	Rainbow Grocery Cooperative	San Francisco
headquarters location	Mountain Goat Beer is a microbrewery in Richmond, Victoria, Australia.	Mountain Goat Beer	Richmond
headquarters location	Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill Architecture (AS+GG), an architecture firm and design firm based in Chicago, is engaged in the design and development of energy-efficient and sustainable architecture.	Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill Architecture	Chicago
headquarters location	Speak Social is a new media marketing company based in Austin, Texas that focuses on social media management, brand strategy, search engine optimization, analytics and monitoring, web design, community management, reputation management, content marketing, augmented reality, and interactive design.	Speak Social	Austin
headquarters location	IRESS has its corporate office situated in Melbourne, with overseas offices located in South Africa, New Zealand, Canada, Hong Kong, Singapore and the United Kingdom.	IRESS	Melbourne
headquarters location	Robotics Design Inc. is a company that designs and builds modular robots, founded and incorporated in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in 1997.	Robotics Design Inc	Montreal
headquarters location	Headquartered in Munich, Germany, MAN Truck & Bus produces trucks in the range from 7.49 to 44 t gvw, heavy goods vehicles up to 250 t road train gvw, bus-chassis, coaches, interurban coaches, and city buses.	MAN Truck & Bus	Munich
headquarters location	Centennial Broadcasting is a small market radio broadcasting company based in Clemmons, North Carolina.	Centennial Broadcasting	Clemmons, North Carolina
headquarters location	Berry Bros. & Rudd is one of Britain's oldest wine and spirit merchant: in 1698 it opened its doors for the first time at 3 St. James's Street, London, United Kingdom, and today it continues to trade from the same premises.	Berry Bros. & Rudd	London
headquarters location	Phorm currently resides in Mortimer Street, London, UK with staffing levels of around 35.	Phorm	London
headquarters location	Argo Tea is a chain of tea cafes that was founded in the Lincoln Park community area in Chicago, Illinois, in June 2003.	Argo Tea	Chicago
headquarters location	Certis CISCO Security Private Limited (Chinese: 策安保安机构), formerly CISCO Security Private Limited, is one of the five commercial Auxiliary Police forces authorized to provide armed security officers to government organizations as well as private companies or individuals in Singapore.	Certis CISCO	Singapore
headquarters location	Design42Day is a company based in Milan, Italy, specialized in the research, selection and promotion of design on an international scale.	Design42Day	Milan
headquarters location	The Anthea Group is a private company engaged in the manufacture and export of a range of specialty chemicals based in Mumbai, India.	Anthea Group	Mumbai
headquarters location	Alarko Holding is one of the largest business conglomerates in Turkey; it is listed on the Istanbul Stock Exchange.	Alarko Holding	Istanbul
headquarters location	According to the London Gazette, Helen Sellars Norris, the widow of Thomas was chairman of the company at the time of an Extraordinary General Meeting of T. Norris & Son Limited held on 31 March 1941 at which the resolution was duly passed that ``the Company be wound up voluntarily''.	T. Norris & Son	London
headquarters location	The Institute of Southeast Asian Studies is a research institute located in Singapore.	Institute of Southeast Asian Studies	Singapore
headquarters location	ACeS (Asia Cellular Satellite) is a regional satellite telecommunications company based in Jakarta, Indonesia.	ACeS	Jakarta
headquarters location	Running Into The Sun is a Singapore-based concert organiser and concert promoter founded in 2009.	Running Into The Sun	Singapore
headquarters location	R.C. Bigelow, Inc, better known as the Bigelow Tea Company, is an American tea company based in Fairfield, Connecticut.	Bigelow Tea Company	Fairfield
headquarters location	The Business and Information Technology School (BiTS Iserlohn) is a private state approved university of applied science based in Iserlohn (North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany).	Business and Information Technology School	Iserlohn
headquarters location	Marshall & Ilsley Corporation (also known as M&I Bank) was a U.S. bank and diversified financial services corporation headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, that was purchased by Bank of Montreal in 2010.	Marshall & Ilsley	Milwaukee
headquarters location	Crownpoint North Retail Park is a retail park situated in the Denton area of Greater Manchester, It has a single-storey car park with 800 free parking spaces.	Crownpoint North Retail Park	Manchester
headquarters location	KeyBank (NYSE: KEY) is an American regional bank headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio.	KeyBank	Cleveland
headquarters location	Hudson United Bank (HUB) was a bank headquartered in Mahwah, New Jersey, and serving New Jersey, the Philadelphia region, New York, and Connecticut.	Hudson United Bank	Mahwah, New Jersey
headquarters location	In 2015, SageNet unexpectedly failed to renew its lease on the 137,000 square foot office building in McLean that housed its Washington, DC area operations which it had inherited from Spacenet, forcing landlord Matan Cos.	Spacenet	McLean
headquarters location	Metronapoli SpA was an Italian company responsible for the provision of public transport in the city of Naples, and its primary function was the operation and maintenance of the Naples Metro system.	Metronapoli	Naples
headquarters location	Oak Futures, or Oak Futures Ltd, are a proprietary trading and electronic market making firm based in City of London, United Kingdom.	Oak Futures	London
headquarters location	The Dutch Game Garden's main office in Utrecht is a business center for video game companies, providing office space for more than 72 game companies.	Dutch Game Garden	Utrecht
headquarters location	Dey Brothers was a department store located in and around Syracuse, New York.	Dey Brothers	Syracuse
headquarters location	Coventya's history is linked to Société Continentale Parker in Clichy (92, France).	Coventya	Clichy
headquarters location	Municipal Credit Union (MCU) is a state chartered credit union headquartered in New York City, regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA).	Municipal Credit Union	New York City
headquarters location	Geek Squad is a subsidiary of American multinational consumer electronics corporation Best Buy, headquartered in Richfield, Minnesota.	Geek Squad	Richfield
headquarters location	Swire Hotels is a division of Swire Properties Limited, a subsidiary of Swire Pacific Limited, a blue chip company quoted on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.	Swire Hotels	Hong Kong
headquarters location	It expanded in the Midlands, absorbing many local banks, and merged with the Central Bank of London Ltd. in 1891, becoming the London City and Midland Bank.	Midland Bank	London
headquarters location	The StudyBlue corporate office is located in Madison, WI with a second office now open in San Francisco, CA as of September 2012.	StudyBlue	Madison
headquarters location	Chictopia is an international online fashion site based in San Francisco.	Chictopia	San Francisco
headquarters location	North Star Games is a board game company based in Bethesda, Maryland.	North Star Games	Bethesda
headquarters location	Gaia Trafikk was the largest public transportation provider in Bergen and Os, Norway until it merged with HSD forming Tide.	Gaia Trafikk	Bergen
headquarters location	The Center on Global Interests (CGI) is an independent, nonprofit 501(c)(3) research organization headquartered in Washington, D.C. The Center conducts research and analysis on global affairs, focusing on the Russia and the post-Soviet space as a whole.	Center on Global Interests	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Armas Ugartechea is a Basque shotgun manufacturer located in Eibar, Spain.	Ugartechea	Eibar
headquarters location	Garden State Life Insurance Company is a small direct life insurance company located in League City, Texas.	Garden State Life Insurance Company	League City
headquarters location	Capitalia was an Italian banking group headquartered in Rome.	Capitalia	Rome
headquarters location	Petit Bateau is a French brand of clothes and underwear founded in 1920 in Troyes.	Petit Bateau	Troyes
headquarters location	Shuanghuan Auto (officially Shijiazhuang Shuanghuan Automobile Co., Ltd.) is a Chinese automobile manufacturer headquartered in Shijiazhuang, Hebei.	Shuanghuan Auto	Shijiazhuang
headquarters location	In 1981, Sunset Sound Recorders owner Camarata purchased The Sound Factory, another Los Angeles recording studio originally founded by Moonglow Records and later purchased and developed by David Hassinger.	Sunset Sound Recorders	Los Angeles
headquarters location	MyOutdoorTV.com is headquartered in Franklin, Tennessee, approximately 25 miles from Nashville, Tennessee.	MyOutdoorTV.com	Franklin
headquarters location	Campbell, Aldrich & Nulty was a Boston, Massachusetts, USA, architectural firm.	Campbell, Aldrich & Nulty	Boston
headquarters location	Nautilus Productions LLC was incorporated in 1997 in Fayetteville, North Carolina as a video production, stock footage and photography company.	Nautilus Productions	Fayetteville
headquarters location	Tum Yeto is a skateboard distribution company that operates out of San Diego, California, United States (U.S.).	Tum Yeto	San Diego
headquarters location	All Saints Records was founded in 1991, named after a street in West London.	All Saints Records	London
headquarters location	Bank Asya was established in October 24, 1996 with its head office in Istanbul, as the sixth private finance house of Turkey.	Bank Asya	Istanbul
headquarters location	The Sonoran Arthropod Studies Institute (established in 1986) is a non-profit organization, located in the Sonoran Desert in Tucson, Arizona, whose mission is to educate the public about arthropods.	Sonoran Arthropod Studies Institute	Tucson
headquarters location	Urban Science is a worldwide company headquartered in the Renaissance Center, Detroit, Michigan.	Urban Science	Detroit
headquarters location	Zugara is an American corporation headquartered in Los Angeles, California, United States that develops and licenses Augmented Reality software and creates Natural User Interface experiences for brands.	Zugara	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Teva Naot (Hebrew: טבע נאות‎) is an Israeli shoe and sandal manufacturer based at Kibbutz Neot Mordechai.	Naot	Neot Mordechai
headquarters location	Servis (or Servis Shoes) is a global footwear manufacturer and retailer with its acting head office in Gulberg, Lahore, Pakistan.	Servis Shoes	Lahore
headquarters location	Andrews & Arnold Ltd (also known as AAISP) is an Internet service provider based in Bracknell in the United Kingdom founded in 1997 and launched in 1998, primarily serving businesses and ``technical'' home users.	Andrews & Arnold	Bracknell
headquarters location	Kerberos Productions Inc. is a third-party video game developer based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Kerberos Productions	Vancouver
headquarters location	Balford Farms is an American dairy company located in Burlington, New Jersey.	Balford Farms	Burlington
headquarters location	Design International is an international architectural firm, which was founded in Toronto in 1965.	Design International	Toronto
headquarters location	Bentley Systems is based in Exton, Pennsylvania, USA, but has development, sales and other departments in over 50 countries around the world.	Bentley Systems	Exton
headquarters location	Planet Sub (or Yello Sub) is a growing fast food restaurant based in Kansas City, Missouri.	Planet Sub	Kansas City
headquarters location	Yuzhnoye Design Office (Ukrainian: Державне конструкторське бюро ``Південне'' ім. М. К. Янгеля ; Russian: Констру́кторское бюро́ ``Ю́жное''), located in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine, is a designer of satellites and rockets, and formerly of Soviet intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) established by Mikhail Yangel.	Yuzhnoye Design Office	Dnipropetrovsk
headquarters location	Loeb's (department store) is a Meridian, MS based, brick and mortar and online specialty store.	Loeb's (department store)	Meridian
headquarters location	Miller & Yeager was an architectural firm in Terre Haute, Indiana in the United States.	Miller & Yeager	Terre Haute
headquarters location	Jeanneau is a French boatyard in Les Herbiers, in the Vendée département, which has produced yachts since 1957.	Jeanneau	Les Herbiers
headquarters location	The Lems was an English electric car manufactured by the London Electromobile Syndicate in London from 1903 to 1904.	Lems	London
headquarters location	Joint Stock Company Inter RAO UES (Russian: Открытое акционерное общество ``ИНТЕР РАО ЕЭС'', short form: Inter RAO), traded as, is a diversified energy holding company headquartered in Moscow, Russia.	Inter RAO	Moscow
headquarters location	English China Clays PLC, or ECC, was a mining company involved in the extraction of china clay, based in St Austell, Cornwall.	English China Clays	St Austell
headquarters location	Tullow Oil plc is a multinational oil and gas exploration company founded in Tullow, Ireland with its headquarters in London, United Kingdom.	Tullow Oil	London
headquarters location	Mova Nanova (Belarusian: Мова Нанова, Mova Nanova, literally, ``language anew'') is a Belarusian course that has taken place in Minsk, the capital of Belarus, since January 13, 2014.	Mova Nanova	Belarus
headquarters location	Harvey Nichols, founded in 1831, is a British department store chain with a flagship store in Knightsbridge, London.	Harvey Nichols	London
headquarters location	Gilbern, Gilbern Sports Cars (Components) Ltd , was a Welsh car manufacturer from 1959 to 1973, based in Llantwit Fardre, Pontypridd, Glamorgan, Wales.	Gilbern	Llantwit Fardre
headquarters location	ESPN Events is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, sharing its operations with sister network ESPNU.	ESPN Events	Charlotte
headquarters location	Black Widow Records is an Italian record label founded Genoa in 1990 and taking its name from the British progressive rock act Black Widow.	Black Widow Records	Genoa
headquarters location	Northern Light Productions is a documentary film production company based in Boston, MA.	Northern Light Productions	Boston
headquarters location	``''''Wunder Audio'''''' (ˈvʊndəʁ ˈɔ.di.oʊ) is an Austin, Texas-based company that manufactures high end pro audio recording equipment, such as microphones and recording consoles.	Wunder Audio	Austin
headquarters location	Angang Steel Company Limited or Ansteel (SEHK: 347, SZSE: 000898) is a joint-stock limited company parented by Anshan Iron and Steel Group, which is supervised by State Council of the People's Republic of China.	Angang Steel Company	Anshan
headquarters location	ANGOP or Angola News Agency is the official news agency of the state of Angola, based in Luanda.	ANGOP	Luanda
headquarters location	Tommy & Lefebvre is a sporting goods chain in the Ottawa, Ontario, Canada area.	Tommy & Lefebvre	Ottawa
headquarters location	AB Stumbras is the oldest and largest producer of strong alcoholic drinks in Kaunas, Lithuania.	Stumbras	Kaunas
headquarters location	Mobile17 is a Boston, Massachusetts-based website that allows users to create custom ringtones for a wide variety of mobile devices.	Mobile17	Boston
headquarters location	Sky Betting & Gaming is a British-based gambling company, owned by CVC Capital Partners and Sky plc, with headquarters in Leeds, West Yorkshire and offices in Sheffield, London, Guernsey and Rome.	Sky Betting & Gaming	Leeds
headquarters location	Fresh Fish is an annual Swedish fashion show and competition for unestablished designers, which takes place in Gothenburg.	Fresh Fish	Gothenburg
headquarters location	The Certified Treasury Professional (CTP) is a certification awarded by the Association for Financial Professionals (AFP) of Bethesda, Maryland to individuals who meet eligibility criteria and demonstrate current competency standards measured through the CTP examination.	Certified Treasury Professional	Bethesda
headquarters location	Finarte is an Italian auction house based in Milan.	Finarte	Milan
headquarters location	First Utility is a supplier of gas and electricity in the United Kingdom, based in Warwick.	First Utility	Warwick
headquarters location	Vinten is a manufacturer of camera supports founded in 1910 and based in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk.	Vinten	Bury St Edmunds
headquarters location	Heljan A/S is a Danish model railway company based in Søndersø.	Heljan	Søndersø
headquarters location	Metal Storm Limited was a research and development company based in Brisbane, Australia that specialized in electronically initiated superposed load weapons technology and owned the proprietary rights to the electronic ballistics technology invented by J. Mike O'Dwyer.	Metal Storm	Brisbane
headquarters location	The Mauser Jagdwaffen GmbH (Mauser Hunting Weapons Ltd.) was established with its company base being situated in Isny im Allgäu in southern Germany.	Mauser Jagdwaffen GmbH	Isny im Allgäu
headquarters location	2si was an American engine manufacturer located in Beaufort, South Carolina.	2si	Beaufort
headquarters location	Rightline Gear is a automotive aftermarket equipment manufacturer founded in 2008 by Loran Evans, the founder of Melon Bicycles, in Asheville, North Carolina, USA.	Rightline Gear	Asheville
headquarters location	DATEV was founded on 14 February 1966, by 65 tax agents in the Nuremberg area to provide accounting services to its clients with the help of a computer.	DATEV	Nuremberg
headquarters location	TASC, Inc., formerly known as The Analytic Sciences Corporation, Inc., is a private defense contractor based outside Washington, D.C., in Chantilly, Virginia.	TASC, Inc.	Chantilly
headquarters location	Handmark is a developer and distributor of mobile content, based in Kansas City, Missouri.	Handmark	Kansas City
headquarters location	Wiha Tools is a manufacturer of hand tools for use in trade and industry, with its headquarters in Schonach im Schwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Wiha Tools	Schonach im Schwarzwald
headquarters location	CFA Institute offices are located in New York City, London, Hong Kong, Mumbai, and Charlottesville, Virginia, USA.	CFA Institute	Charlottesville
headquarters location	All Youth Channels, Inc. (AYC) is a cable TV and concert management company in the Philippines.	All Youth Channels	Philippines
headquarters location	Powell's Books is a chain of bookstores in Portland, Oregon, and its surrounding metropolitan area.	Powell's Books	Portland
headquarters location	Shartenberg's Department Store was a six-floor department store located at 765-777 Chapel Street in Downtown New Haven, Connecticut, designed in the neoclassical style.	Shartenberg's Department Store	New Haven, Connecticut
headquarters location	Santaris Pharma A/S is a biopharmaceutical company founded in 2003 in Copenhagen, Denmark with a small branch in San Diego, California that opened in 2009.	Santaris Pharma	Copenhagen
headquarters location	The Coney I-Lander restaurants are a regional chain based in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	Coney I-Lander	Tulsa
headquarters location	Numonyx was headquartered in Rolle, Switzerland, and had sales, manufacturing and R&D facilities around the world.	Numonyx	Rolle
headquarters location	Regal Lager, Inc. is a distributor of baby and children's products to both the United States and Canada, and is located in Kennesaw, Georgia.	Regal Lager, Inc.	Kennesaw
headquarters location	Helene Curtis Industries, Inc. was an American cosmetics and beauty parlor products firm which was based in Chicago, Illinois.	Helene Curtis Industries, Inc.	Chicago
headquarters location	The World Film Company or World Film Corporation was an American film production and distribution company, organized in 1914 in Fort Lee, New Jersey.	World Film Company	Fort Lee
headquarters location	Triffix Entertainment was a Canadian video game publisher headquartered in Montreal.	Triffix Entertainment	Montreal
headquarters location	The Pike Place Fish Market, founded in 1930, is an open air fish market located in Seattle, Washington's Pike Place Market, at the corner of Pike Street and Pike Place.	Pike Place Fish Market	Seattle
headquarters location	Sears Holdings Corporation is an American holding company headquartered in Hoffman Estates, Illinois.	Sears Holdings	Hoffman Estates
headquarters location	Xella International GmbH is a corporate group with headquarters in Duisburg, Germany, manufactures and markets building materials, gypsum fibreboard and cement-bonded dry lining panels together with lime and limestone.	Xella	Duisburg
headquarters location	The Capitol Broadcasting Company (CBC) is an American media company based in Raleigh, North Carolina.	Capitol Broadcasting Company	Raleigh
headquarters location	Frozenbyte Inc. is a Finnish game-developer founded in 2001 and based in Helsinki, Finland.	Frozenbyte	Helsinki
headquarters location	Iberdrola (Spanish pronunciation: (iβerˈðɾola)) is a Spanish public multinational electric utility company based in Bilbao, Basque Country.	Iberdrola	Bilbao
headquarters location	The Different Company is a luxury perfume house established in 2000 by perfumer Jean-Claude Ellena and Thierry de Baschmakoff in Paris, France.	The Different Company	Paris
headquarters location	Chris Reeve Knives (CRK) is a U.S. corporation with international sales and distribution based in Boise, ID.	Chris Reeve Knives	Boise
headquarters location	Established in 1891, OhioHealth is a not-for-profit, faith-based system of hospitals and healthcare providers located in Columbus, Ohio and surrounding areas.	OhioHealth	Columbus
headquarters location	The Sinn Féin Printing & Publishing Company, Ltd. (1906--1914) was a Dublin-based enterprise founded by Arthur Griffith, chief propagandist of the nationalist Sinn Féin movement.	Sinn Féin Printing & Publishing Company	Dublin
headquarters location	United Communication Services Limited (UCS) is the largest cable operator in Bangladesh.	United Communication Service	Bangladesh
headquarters location	Baby on the Move is a baby safety equipment and services company with a franchising system, with Head Office based in Nelson, New Zealand.	Baby on the Move	Nelson
headquarters location	Kuwait Petroleum Corporation (Arabic: مؤسسة البترول الكويتية‎) is Kuwait's national oil company, headquartered in Kuwait City.	Kuwait Petroleum Corporation	Kuwait City
headquarters location	Shaw Direct began in Lincoln, New Brunswick, but is now based in Calgary, Alberta.	Shaw Direct	Calgary
headquarters location	Paul Sabatier University (Université Paul Sabatier, UPS, also known as Toulouse III) is a French university, in the Academy of Toulouse.	Paul Sabatier University	Toulouse
headquarters location	Simogo (formally known as Simogo Handelsbolag) is a Swedish video game developer based in Malmö.	Simogo	Malmö
headquarters location	Komplot Design is a design studio based in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Komplot Design	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Westaflex is a manufacturer of HVAC appliances, commercial equipment, based in Gütersloh, Germany.	Westaflex	Gütersloh
headquarters location	Caxton FX is a UK-based foreign exchange, international payments and prepaid card provider based at Portland House in Westminster, London, England.	Caxton FX	London
headquarters location	The 2006 Côte d'Ivoire toxic waste dump was a health crisis in Côte d'Ivoire caused by a Trafigura ship offloading waste in Abidjan, in order to avoid the extra dumping costs requested by Amsterdam Port Services BV due to local complaints about the smell.	Trafigura	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Paizo Publishing is an American publishing company in Redmond, Washington that specializes in game aids and adventures for ``the world's oldest fantasy roleplaying game'' (Dungeons & Dragons) and its flagship spin-off game and setting, Pathfinder.	Paizo Publishing	Redmond
headquarters location	Gold Peak Industries (Holdings) Limited is an Asian battery manufacturer established in 1964 and based in Hong Kong.They are listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange since 1984.	Gold Peak	Hong Kong
headquarters location	IQnovate is headquartered in Sydney, Australia, and George Syrmalis is the company's current CEO.	IQnovate	Sydney
headquarters location	Their main product was the Oltcit Club / Citroën Axel hatchback, assembled in Craiova, Romania.	Oltcit	Craiova
headquarters location	The Awareness Foundation is based in London, UK, with supporters in North America, the Middle East and Hong Kong.	Awareness Foundation	London
headquarters location	The Institute for Bible Translation was founded in Stockholm, Sweden in 1973 by the Bosnian-Croatian poet Borislav Arapović, its main task being to publish Bibles for ``non-Slavic peoples in Slavic countries,'' not just Bible translations into the languages of Russia but also Central Asian languages.	Institute for Bible Translation	Stockholm
headquarters location	NASDAQ OMX Commodities Europe is a trade name of NASDAQ OMX Oslo ASA, the single financial energy market for Norway, Denmark, Sweden and Finland.	NASDAQ OMX Commodities Europe	Oslo
headquarters location	A. C. McClurg was a Chicago, Illinois based publisher made famous by their original publishing of the Tarzan of the Apes novels and other stories of Edgar Rice Burroughs.	A. C. McClurg	Chicago
headquarters location	Thorco Shipping is a Danish shipping company based in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Thorco Shipping	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Founded in Turin in 1895 by Luigi Lavazza, it was initially run from a small grocery store at Via San Tommaso 10.	Lavazza	Turin
headquarters location	Adsmith China is a subsidiary of Adsmith International and is registered in Shanghai, China, and provides public relations and related services in Greater China.	Adsmith	Shanghai
headquarters location	Shinhan BNP Paribas Asset Management (신한 BNP Paribas 자산운용 in 한글) is an asset management company headquartered in Seoul, Korea.	Shinhan BNP Paribas Asset Management	Seoul
headquarters location	The Canadian Salt Company Limited is headquartered in Pointe-Claire, Quebec at 755 Boulevard Saint-Jean, 7th Floor.	Canadian Salt Company	Pointe-Claire
headquarters location	The University of Oklahoma (OU) is a coeducational public research university located in Norman, Oklahoma.	University of Oklahoma	Norman
headquarters location	Originally founded in 1986 as the Adelaide Amiga club, Adam Internet grew out of the original bulletin board system of the Adelaide Amiga User Group.	Adam Internet	Adelaide
headquarters location	Saudia Aerospace Engineering Industries (SAEI) is the maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) division of SAUDIA airlines based in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia at King Abdulaziz International Airport.	Saudia Aerospace Engineering Industries	Saudi Arabia
headquarters location	Ken Brock Manufacturing, Inc. was an American aircraft manufacturer founded by Ken Brock in the 1960s and based in Stanton, California.	Ken Brock Manufacturing	Stanton
headquarters location	The company curtailed its recording activities in the late 1960s but was revived in the early 1970s, when Albert Productions established its own record label and a state-of-the-art recording studio in central Sydney.	Albert Productions	Sydney
headquarters location	Lauritzen Corporation is a financial and interstate bank holding company headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska, USA.	Lauritzen Corporation	Omaha
headquarters location	Vinaphone is a Vietnamese major mobile network operator headquartered in Hanoi, Vietnam.	Vinaphone	Hanoi
headquarters location	Ayala was responsible for the development of Makati as the financial district of Manila and the Philippines after World War II. In April 2010, FinanceAsia named Ayala Corporation as the best-managed company in the Philippines, as well as best for corporate governance and best for corporate social responsibility.	Ayala Corporation	Makati
headquarters location	Net Press is founded in January 2007 in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia.	Net Press	Skopje
headquarters location	Metrovías S.A. is an Argentine privately owned company that operates the Buenos Aires Underground and the Metropolitan services of Urquiza Line.	Metrovías	Buenos Aires
headquarters location	Film Location Services which is now known as Asian Film Locations Services is a well known film location and production services company based in Sri Lanka.	Film Location Services	Sri Lanka
headquarters location	Netviewer AG is a German IT company headquartered in Karlsruhe.	Netviewer	Karlsruhe
headquarters location	Cadence Design Systems, headquartered in San Jose, California, is a supplier of electronic design technologies and engineering services in the electronic design automation (EDA) industry.	Cadence Design Systems	San Jose
headquarters location	Dynamics Consultants is an Enterprise resource planning (ERP) integration and development organisation based in Netley Abbey, Southampton, United Kingdom.	Dynamics Consultants	Southampton
headquarters location	Frontier Airlines is a United States low cost carrier headquartered in Denver, Colorado, USA.	Frontier Airlines	Denver
headquarters location	CIMB Group is a universal bank headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, operating in high growth economies in ASEAN.	CIMB	Kuala Lumpur
headquarters location	Ormat Technologies Inc. is a provider of alternative and renewable energy technology based in Reno, Nevada.	Ormat Technologies	Reno
headquarters location	Minty Fresh is a Chicago-based record label, founded in 1993 by Jim Powers with Anthony Musiala.	Minty Fresh	Chicago
headquarters location	AMEN Missionary is an international 501(c)3 Christian nonprofit organization founded in 2009 based in California, USA and Mae Sot, Thailand.	AMEN Missionary	California
headquarters location	The Flaid was a Belgian automobile manufactured from 1920 until 1921 in Liège.	Flaid	Liège
headquarters location	The Trussell Trust is a NGO and charity, based in Salisbury, UK, that co-ordinates the only nationwide network of food banks in the country.	The Trussell Trust	Salisbury
headquarters location	Finolex Group is a private sector conglomerate based in Pune, India.	Finolex Group	Pune
headquarters location	Rural King Supply is a farm supply store based in Mattoon, Illinois, United States.	Rural King	Mattoon
headquarters location	Colonial Bank, formerly a subsidiary of Colonial Bancgroup Inc., was headquartered in Montgomery, Alabama.	Colonial Bank	Montgomery
headquarters location	Lit Espresso Bar is a Toronto based cafe that was founded in 2008, by Joe Angellotti.	Lit Espresso Bar	Toronto
headquarters location	Southern Natural Gas Company, headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, is a natural gas pipeline company that was founded in 1928 and is currently a division of Kinder Morgan.	Southern Natural Gas	Birmingham
headquarters location	Boticca is a London-based retail website for jewelry and fashion accessories, that features a selection emerging fashion designers.	Boticca	London
headquarters location	Entercom is an American broadcasting company based in Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania.	Entercom	Bala Cynwyd
headquarters location	Total Wine & More has about 5,000 employees, including 500 employees at their corporate headquarters in Potomac, Maryland and 800 wine specialists who must demonstrate wine knowledge before they are invited to join the company.	Total Wine & More	Potomac
headquarters location	CineTel Films Inc. is an independent film production company and distributor based in West Hollywood, California.	CineTel Films	West Hollywood
headquarters location	Hornady Manufacturing Company is an American manufacturer of ammunition and handloading components, based in Grand Island, Nebraska.	Hornady	Grand Island
headquarters location	Pimlico Plumbers is a plumbing firm based in London.	Pimlico Plumbers	London
headquarters location	A/S Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei or KES, nicknamed the Blue Tramway (Norwegian: Blåtrikken), was a company which operated part of the Oslo Tramway between 1894 and 1924.	Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei	Oslo
headquarters location	Tactus Records (Italian Casa Discografica Tactus) is an Italian classical music recording label based in Bologna, Italy.	Tactus Records	Bologna
headquarters location	Vulgar Press is a publishing house based in Melbourne, Australia.	Vulgar Press	Melbourne
headquarters location	The Senckenberg Nature Research Society (German: Senckenberg Gesellschaft für Naturforschung, until 2008 Senckenbergische Naturforschende Gesellschaft) is a German scholarly society with headquarters in Frankfurt am Main.	Senckenberg Nature Research Society	Frankfurt
headquarters location	The Philatelic Foundation is a philatelic organization granted a charter in 1945 by the University of the State of New York as a Nonprofit Educational Institution.	Philatelic Foundation	New York
headquarters location	MPC Corporation was a computer-hardware company based in Nampa, Idaho, United States.	MPC Corporation	Nampa
headquarters location	Sino Group (Chinese: 信和集團) is one of the leading property companies in Hong Kong.	Sino Group	Hong Kong
headquarters location	London Bridge Studio is a Seattle recording studio that has hosted and recorded many influential artists, producers and engineers since 1985.	London Bridge Studio	Seattle
headquarters location	Commitment to Change (Spanish: Compromiso para el Cambio) was a centre-right political party in Argentina, principally active in the city of Buenos Aires.	Commitment to Change	Buenos Aires
headquarters location	The Crab Orchard and Egyptian Railway (reporting mark COER) (formerly American Rail Heritage, Ltd. d/b/a Crab Orchard and Egyptian Railroad Company) is a Class III common carrier shortline railroad that operates between the cities of Marion and Herrin in the Southern Illinois region.	Crab Orchard and Egyptian Railway	Marion
headquarters location	Hamann Motorsport GmbH is a German car tuning company based in Laupheim.	Hamann Motorsport	Laupheim
headquarters location	Bain Capital is a global alternative investment firm based in Boston, Massachusetts.	Bain Capital	Boston
headquarters location	Headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, NouvEON also has offices in Raleigh, North Carolina and professional consultants in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania;	NouvEON	Charlotte
headquarters location	The Kelsey-Seybold Clinic is a large multi-specialty clinic system located in Greater Houston with its administrative headquarters in Shadow Creek Ranch, Pearland.	Kelsey-Seybold Clinic	Pearland
headquarters location	Assumption Life (Fr: Assomption Vie) is a financial services company based in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada.	Assumption Life	Moncton
headquarters location	Admiral Group plc is a motor insurance company with its head office in Cardiff, Wales.	Admiral Group	Cardiff
headquarters location	CIM Bank is a traditional Swiss private bank, founded in Geneva in 1990.	CIM Bank	Geneva
headquarters location	The Labour Party of Iran (Persian: حزب کار ایران‎; translit.: Hezb-e Kar-e Irān) is a Hoxhaist Communist party whose leadership is exiled in Germany.	Labour Party of Iran	Germany
headquarters location	GTS Technologies is a paint finishing and mechanical handling systems company, registered in Wolverhampton, England.	GTS Technologies	Wolverhampton
headquarters location	Pratt & Whitney, Chance Vought, and Sikorsky--remained together as the new United Aircraft Corporation, headquartered in Hartford with Frederick Rentschler, founder of Pratt & Whitney, as president.	United Aircraft	Hartford
headquarters location	Fábrica de Armas Halcón (English: ``Halcón Firearms Factory'') was an Argentinian defense company founded in 1941 and located in Buenos Aires.	Fábrica de Armas Halcón	Buenos Aires
headquarters location	IGB Eletrônica S.A. (Portuguese for IGB Electronics), doing business as Gradiente, is a Brazilian consumer electronics company based in Manaus, and with offices in São Paulo.	IGB Eletrônica	Manaus
headquarters location	Bing Steel LLC, was a Detroit, Michigan, USA supplier of carbon steel flat rolled products to the automotive industry.	Bing Steel	Detroit
headquarters location	Shopbell & Company was an American architectural firm located in Evansville, Indiana in the United States.	Shopbell & Company	Evansville
headquarters location	Warburtons is a British baking firm founded by Thomas Warburton in 1876 and based in Bolton, a town in Greater Manchester formerly Lancashire, England.	Warburtons	Bolton
headquarters location	Rapid Electronics is a UK distributor of electronic components and educational products, and supporter of science, engineering and educational initiatives, based in Colchester, Essex.	Rapid Electronics	Colchester
headquarters location	The headquarters for ARMA International are in Overland Park, Kansas.	ARMA International	Overland Park
headquarters location	Kotak Mahindra Bank is an Indian private sector banking headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Kotak Mahindra Bank	Mumbai
headquarters location	Ratna Cafe is a South Indian fast food restaurant chain and F&B services firm, headquartered in Chennai, India.	Ratna Cafe	Chennai
headquarters location	Banque Bonhôte & Cie SA, which was founded in Neuchâtel in 1815, is active in financial and wealth management, its core business.	Banque Bonhôte	Neuchâtel
headquarters location	ING Bank Śląski S.A. (ING BSK) is a Polish bank based in Katowice.	ING Bank Śląski	Katowice
headquarters location	RLX Technologies (bought by HP in 2005) was a company based in The Woodlands, TX and was the first company in the world to create and market what is now known as a blade server.	RLX Technologies	The Woodlands
headquarters location	In August 2012, as part of Lotte Department Store's expansion programme into China, a replica of Seoul's main shopping district Myeong-dong was featured in its new store in Tianjin, with outlets of Missha, The Face Shop and Skin Food.	Missha	Seoul
headquarters location	S.A. Mirat, also known as Grupo Mirat (Mirat Group), or just as Mirat, is a Spanish company founded in 1812 in Salamanca, dedicated mainly to production of manures and fertilizers.	Mirat	Salamanca
headquarters location	The Plansee Group, trading name: ``Plansee Holding AG'', is an Austrian company which has its head office in Breitenwang (in the district of Reutte).	Plansee Group	Breitenwang
headquarters location	The College of Europe (French: Collège d'Europe) is an independent university institute of postgraduate European studies with the main campus in Bruges, Belgium.	College of Europe	Bruges
headquarters location	Raceair Designs LLC is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Gilbert, South Carolina, founded by designer Ed Fisher.	Raceair Designs	Gilbert, South Carolina
headquarters location	Mix & Genest was founded on 1 October 1879 by the businessman Wilhelm Mix and the engineer Werner Genest in Berlin-Schöneberg.	Mix & Genest	Berlin
headquarters location	The Netzsch Group is a family-owned international business located in Selb/Bavaria, Germany that is engaged in the production of machinery and instrumentation.	Netzsch Group	Selb
headquarters location	Top Level Design is a company based in Portland, Oregon, in the United States, and the domain name registry for the generic top-level domains (gTLD) .	Top Level Design	Portland
headquarters location	FAW Bus and Coach is a bus manufacturer located in Wuxi, Jiangsu, China.	FAW Bus and Coach	Wuxi
headquarters location	Radio Holger is a Danish radio station transmitting in Metropolitan Copenhagen, Denmark.	Radio Holger	Copenhagen
headquarters location	FLAVORx is a private pharmaceutical company based in Columbia, Maryland, that supplies sugar-free, non allergenic and inert medicine flavorings and flavoring systems to pharmacies.	FLAVORx	Columbia
headquarters location	The Tuvan State University is based in Kyzyl, the capital of Republic of Tuva, Russia, and is the only university in Tuva.	Tuvan State University	Kyzyl
headquarters location	Headquartered in Ballerup, Denmark, GN ReSound is part of GN Store Nord.	ReSound	Ballerup
headquarters location	Smart & Final is a chain of warehouse-style food and supply stores based in Commerce, California, which developed through a series of mergers and expansions.	Smart & Final	Commerce
headquarters location	South-West State University (former Kursk State Technical University) (Russian: Юго-Западный государственный университет, Yugo-Zapadnyj gosudarstvennyj universitet), for a time the КurskSTU (Russian: КурскГТУ), kurskij politeh (Russian: курский политех).	South-West State University	Kursk
headquarters location	Bulga Coal Pty Limited is a coal-mining company based in Singleton, New South Wales, Australia.	Bulga Coal	Singleton
headquarters location	Foz do Brasil is a Brazilian waste management company, founded in 2008 and headquartered in Limeira.	Foz do Brasil	Limeira
headquarters location	XET-FM, nicknamed La Caliente, is an FM broadcasting station licensed for 25,000 watts on 94.1 MHz at Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico.	XET-FM	Monterrey
headquarters location	Valtion Kivääritehdas (VKT), State Rifle Factory in English, was a Finnish government-owned firearms manufacturer that existed independently in the Tourula district of Jyväskylä 1926-1946.	Valtion Kivääritehdas	Jyväskylä
headquarters location	The Otter Co-op is a consumers' cooperative in Aldergrove, British Columbia, Canada.	Otter Co-op	Aldergrove, British Columbia
inception	The Powerhouse Museum has its origins in a recommendation of the trustees of the Australian Museum in 1878 and the Sydney International Exhibition of 1879 and Melbourne International Exhibition of 1880.	Powerhouse Museum	1879
inception	The Waterways Trust was an independent registered charity, established in 1999, that worked with partners to see the waterway network in England, Wales and Scotland supported, valued and enjoyed by a wide audience.	The Waterways Trust	1999
inception	La Gazzetta dello Sport was first published on 3 April 1896, allowing it to cover the first modern Olympic Games held in Athens.	La Gazzetta dello Sport	3 April 1896
inception	RCRD LBL was launched in 2007 by Josh Deutsch and Peter Rojas and Creative Director Elliot Aronow, and featured thousands of free singles, remixes, exclusive tracks and rarities from a diverse, handpicked roster of artists.	RCRD LBL	2007
inception	Genres represented include funk, soul, Hip hop, jazz, Latin, reggae, afrobeat etc. Funky Elephant has been organized since 1994.	Funky Elephant	1994
instrument	Adam Nowak (born September 28, 1963 in Poznań) is a leader, guitar player and song writer of the Polish music band Raz, Dwa, Trzy.	Adam Nowak	guitar
instrument	Slak was one of the pioneers of Slovene popular folk music, based on diatonic button accordion and author of several evergreen songs, performed by his Lojze Slak Ansamble.	Lojze Slak	accordion
instrument	Despite their name there were six members, John Howell (organ/vocals), Kris Ife (guitar/vocals), Richard Barnes (bass guitar/vocals), Roger McKew (lead guitar), Ray Hailey (drums) and John ``Satch'' Goswell (saxophone).	Kris Ife	guitar
instrument	Wally Besser (born January 16, 1936) is a trumpet and flugelhorn player with a large career playing with best orchestras as the Glenn Miller Orchestra, the Sammy Kaye Orchestra, or Larry Elgart.	Wally Besser	trumpet
instrument	Joseph Haines or Jo Haines (died 4 April 1701) was a 17th-century actor, singer, dancer, guitar player, fortune teller, and author.	Joseph Haines	guitar
instrument	Sal Giorgianni is an American saxophone player.	Sal Giorgianni	saxophone
instrument	Conny Nimmersjö, (born 1967) Swedish musician most known for playing guitar with bob hund and Bergman Rock.	Conny Nimmersjö	guitar
instrument	He was variously known as Texas Pete Mayes and T-Bone Man; the latter a reference to his guitar playing resembling his hero, T-Bone Walker.	Pete Mayes	guitar
instrument	Francis Goya (born François Edouard Weyer, 16 May 1946) is a Belgian classical guitar player and producer.	Francis Goya	guitar
instrument	Marcel Tabuteau (2 July 1887 - 4 January 1966) was a French-American oboist who is considered the founder of the American school of oboe playing.	Marcel Tabuteau	oboe
instrument	Jimmie Lee Sloas is an American session musician, producer, and songwriter, who plays bass guitar.	Jimmie Lee Sloas	bass guitar
instrument	Richard Kanter (July 7, 1935 -- October 10, 2014) was born in Chicago and began his oboe-playing career at the age of 14 in 1949, as a student of Robert Mayer, English horn player of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.	Richard Kanter	oboe
instrument	Clifton Anderson (born October 5, 1957, Harlem, New York City) is an American jazz musician, a trombone player.	Clifton Anderson	trombone
instrument	James Crabb (born 1967) is a Scottish classical accordion player.	James Crabb	accordion
instrument	Rob Quist (January 5, 1948 - ) is an American singer, guitarist, banjo player and award-winning songwriter.	Rob Quist	banjo
instrument	Iain Ballamy (born 20 February 1964) is a British composer, soprano, alto and tenor saxophone player.	Iain Ballamy	saxophone
instrument	Gisle Torvik (born 2 June 1975 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (guitar) from Tørvikbygd in Hardanger.	Gisle Torvik	guitar
instrument	Luis de Briceño (fl. 1610s-1630s) was a Spanish guitarist and music theorist who introduced the Spanish guitar style in France, where previously only the lute was considered a serious plucked instrument.	Luis de Briceño	guitar
instrument	Frøy Aagre (born 8 June 1977 in Tønsberg, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (saxophone).	Frøy Aagre	saxophone
instrument	Aaron Sachs (July 4, 1923 - June 5, 2014) was an American jazz saxophone and clarinet player.	Aaron Sachs	clarinet
instrument	Anisa Angarola is one of twelve guitar soloists selected nationwide to perform in the historic 1980 master class given by Andrés Segovia.	Anisa Angarola	guitar
instrument	Thomas Larcher completed his studies at the University of Music and Performing Arts, Vienna under Heinz Medjimorec and Elisabeth Leonskaja (piano), and Erich Urbanner (composition).	Thomas Larcher	piano
instrument	Sebastian Weigle (born 1961 in Berlin) is a German horn player and conductor.	Sebastian Weigle	horn
instrument	Jessie Baker (born February 7, 1991) is an American musician known for playing bluegrass banjo.	Jessie Baker	banjo
instrument	Gil Goldstein (born 1950) is an American jazz pianist and synthesizer player who started on the accordion.	Gil Goldstein	accordion
languages spoken or written	Pier Ferdinando Casini (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpjɛr ferdiˈnando kaˈzini); born 3 December 1955) is an Italian politician.	Pier Ferdinando Casini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Revd John Trusler (1735--1820) was an eccentric English divine, literary compiler, and medical empiric.	John Trusler	English
languages spoken or written	Paul-Henry Chombart de Lauwe (4 August 1913, Cambrai -- 11 January 1998, Antony), was a noted French urban sociologist.	Paul-Henry Chombart de Lauwe	French
languages spoken or written	Benny Andersen (born 7 November 1929 in Vangede), is a Danish song-writer, poet, author, composer and pianist.	Benny Andersen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Antonio da Sangallo the Younger (12 April 1485 -- 3 August 1546), born Antonio Cordiani, was an Italian architect active during the Renaissance.	Antonio da Sangallo the Younger	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Pierre Adam (born November 24, 1937 in Paris) is a French archaeologist, specialising in ancient architecture.	Jean-Pierre Adam	French
languages spoken or written	Hashem Mahameed (Arabic: هاشم محاميد‎‎; Hebrew: האשם מחאמיד‎‎, born 18 February 1945) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Hadash, Balad, United Arab List and National Unity --	Hashem Mahameed	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Ulla Margareta Charlotte Cederschiöld (born 28 September 1944 in Gävle) is a Swedish politician and was a Member of the European Parliament until 2009.	Charlotte Cederschiöld	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Antonio Socci (born 18 January 1959 in Siena) is an Italian media personality, journalist and book writer.	Antonio Socci	Italian
languages spoken or written	Leszek Długosz (born 18 June 1941 in Zaklików) is a Polish actor, poet, writer and composer.	Leszek Długosz	Polish
languages spoken or written	John Ozell (died 15 October 1743) was an English translator and accountant who became an adversary to Jonathan Swift and Alexander Pope.	John Ozell	English
languages spoken or written	Lado Kralj (born 27 March 1938) is a Slovene writer, theatre critic and literary historian.	Lado Kralj	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Jean Bichelonne (24 December 1904 -- 22 December 1944) was a French businessman and member of the Vichy government that governed France during World War II following the occupation of France by Nazi Germany.	Jean Bichelonne	French
languages spoken or written	Daniel Innerarity Grau (Bilbao, 1959) is a Spanish philosopher and essayist.	Daniel Innerarity	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Monique Adolphe (born 23 July 1932 in Paris, France) is a French scientist and researcher into the field of cell biology.	Monique Adolphe	French
languages spoken or written	Utagawa Hiroshige (Japanese: 歌川 広重), also Andō Hiroshige (Japanese: 安藤 広重; 1797 -- 12 October 1858) was a Japanese ukiyo-e artist, considered the last great master of that tradition.	Hiroshige	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Georges Hausemer (born 1957) is a Luxembourg writer who has published short stories, novels, travelogues and non-fictional works and has also translated a considerable number of works from French, English, Spanish and Luxembourgish into German.	Georges Hausemer	German
languages spoken or written	Henry-Louis de La Grange was born in Paris of an American mother (Emily Sloane) and a French father, Amaury de la Grange, who was a senator, one-time government minister, and Vice-President of the International Aviation Federation.	Henry-Louis de La Grange	French
languages spoken or written	Macedonio Melloni (11 April 1798 -- 11 August 1854) was an Italian physicist, notable for demonstrating that radiant heat has similar physical properties to those of light.	Macedonio Melloni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Battista Piazzetta (also called Giambattista Piazzetta or Giambattista Valentino Piazzetta) (February 13, 1682 or 1683 -- April 28, 1754) was an Italian Rococo painter of religious subjects and genre scenes.	Giovanni Battista Piazzetta	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jonathan Aspas Juncal (born 28 February 1982) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Italian club A.S. Pro Piacenza 1919.	Jonathan Aspas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Grand Ayatollah Naser Makarem Shirazi (Persian: ناصر مکارم شیرازی‎‎, born 3 December 1926 in Shiraz, Iran) is an Iranian Shia marja' and religious leader.	Naser Makarem Shirazi	Persian
languages spoken or written	Ettore Sottsass (14 September 1917 -- 31 December 2007) was an Italian architect and designer of the late 20th century.	Ettore Sottsass	Italian
languages spoken or written	Orhan Veli Kanık or Orhan Veli (13 April 1914, Beykoz, İstanbul -- 14 November 1950, İstanbul) was a Turkish poet.	Orhan Veli Kanık	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Mircea Diaconu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈmirt͡ʃe̯a diˈakonu); born 24 December 1949) is a Romanian actor and politician.	Mircea Diaconu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Federico Zeri (August 21, 1921 -- October 5, 1998) was an Italian art historian, a specialist in Italian Renaissance painting.	Federico Zeri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jan Młodożeniec (born in 1929 in Warsaw Poland, died 2000) was a Polish graphic designer.	Jan Młodożeniec	Polish
languages spoken or written	Juan Carlos Monedero Fernández-Gala (born 12 January 1963) is a Spanish political scientist, writer and politician.	Juan Carlos Monedero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Đặng Thùy Trâm (born November 26, 1942, in Huế, Vietnam; died on June 22, 1970, in Đức Phổ, Quảng Ngãi Province, Vietnam) was a Vietnamese civilian doctor who worked as a battlefield surgeon for North Vietnam during the Vietnam War.	Đặng Thùy Trâm	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Tisca Chopra (born Tisca Zareen Arora; 1 November 1973) is an Indian film and stage actress known for her works in Hindi cinema, and Television.	Tisca Chopra	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Yang Mu (traditional Chinese:楊牧;simplified Chinese:杨牧; pinyin:Yáng Mù) is the pen name of a Taiwanese poet, essayist and critic in Chinese language.	Yang Mu	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Pedro Calapez, (born 1953 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese painter.	Pedro Calapez	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Åsa Larsson (born 28 June 1966) is a Swedish crime-writer.	Åsa Larsson	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Roger Casamajor (born December 17, 1976 in La Seu d'Urgell) is a Spanish television, theater and film actor.	Roger Casamajor	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Stephen Paget (1855 -- 1926) was an English surgeon, the son of the distinguished surgeon and pathologist Sir James Paget.	Stephen Paget	English
languages spoken or written	Margaret Forster (25 May 1938 -- 8 February 2016) was an English novelist, biographer, memoirist, historian and literary critic.	Margaret Forster	English
languages spoken or written	Edward Dawes (1805 -- 27 January 1856) was an English Liberal Party politician who served for one year as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Isle of Wight.	Edward Dawes	English
languages spoken or written	Max Jakob Friedländer (5 July 1867, Berlin - 11 October 1958, Amsterdam) was a German curator and art historian (not to be confused with the unrelated Walter Friedländer).	Max Jakob Friedländer	German
languages spoken or written	Antonio De Poli (born on 4 October 1960 in Vicenza) is an Italian politician and former Member of the European Parliament for North-East with the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats, part of the European People's Party.	Antonio De Poli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Marcel Granet (29 February 1884 -- 25 November 1940) was a French sociologist, ethnologist and sinologist.	Marcel Granet	French
languages spoken or written	The anonymous Saxon poet known as Poeta Saxo, who composed the medieval Latin Annales de gestis Caroli magni imperatoris libri quinque (``Annals of the Deeds of Emperor Charlemagne in Five Books'') was probably a monk of Sankt Gallen or possibly Corvey.	Poeta Saxo	Latin
languages spoken or written	Dr John Greenwood Shipman (1848 -- 20 October 1918) was an English barrister and Liberal Party politician.	John Greenwood Shipman	English
languages spoken or written	François Fratellini (1879-1951) was a French circus clown.	François Fratellini	French
languages spoken or written	Bernard Cahier (June 20, 1927 -- July 10, 2008) was a French Formula One photo-journalist.	Bernard Cahier	French
languages spoken or written	Jacques Villon (July 31, 1875 -- June 9, 1963) was a French Cubist painter and printmaker.	Jacques Villon	French
languages spoken or written	Henryk Opieński (13 January 1870 -- 21 January 1942) was a Polish composer, violinist, teacher, administrator and musicologist.	Henryk Opieński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Georg Friedrich Nicolai (born: Lewinstein) (6 February 1874 -- 8 October 1964) was a German physiologist.	Georg Friedrich Nicolai	German
languages spoken or written	Fritz Fischer (5 March 1908 -- 1 December 1999) was a German historian best known for his analysis of the causes of World War I. In the early 1960s Fischer put forward the controversial thesis that responsibility for the outbreak of the war rested solely on Imperial Germany.	Fritz Fischer	German
languages spoken or written	Issa J. Boullata (Arabic: عيسى بُلاطه) is a Palestinian scholar, writer, and translator of Arabic literature.	Issa J. Boullata	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Pierre Demargne (French: (dəmaʁɲ)) was born on February 8, 1903 and died on December 13, 2000.	Pierre Demargne	French
languages spoken or written	Hans-Joachim Spremberg (8 December 1943 -- 6 March 1978) was an East German news photographer with the state news agency.	Hans-Joachim Spremberg	German
languages spoken or written	María Josefa García Granados y Zavala (10 July 1796 - 28 July 1848) was a Guatelaman intellectual, writer, journalist and poet of Spanish origin, and one of the greatest intellectual exponents of the Independence of Guatemala in 1821.	María Josefa García Granados	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hamid Ismailov (Russian: Хамид Исмайлов) (Uzbek: Ҳамид Исмоилов or Абдулҳамид Исмоил) born May 5, 1954 in Tokmok, Kyrgyzstan, is an Uzbek journalist and writer who was forced to flee Uzbekistan in 1992 and came to the United Kingdom, where he took a job with the BBC World Service.	Hamid Ismailov	Uzbek
languages spoken or written	Luis Fernández de Córdoba y Arce was a Spanish sailor and military man who was Governor of Chile between May 1625 and December 1629.	Luis Fernández de Córdoba y Arce	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Count Renaud de la Frégeolière (29 April 1886 -- 16 April 1981) was a French author who became the first president of the Fédération Internationale de Bobsleigh et de Tobogganing (FIBT -- International Bobsleigh and Tobogganing Federation), serving from 1923 to 1960.	Count Renaud de la Frégeolière	French
languages spoken or written	Ferdinand Falkson (August 20, 1820 -- August 31, 1900) was a German physician and political writer.	Ferdinand Falkson	German
languages spoken or written	Pablo Sorozábal Mariezcurrena (18 September 1897 -- 26 December 1988) was a Basque-Spanish composer of zarzuelas, symphonic works, and the popular romanza, ``No puede ser''.	Pablo Sorozábal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Torgrim Eggen (born 29 October 1958) is a Norwegian musician, journalist, magazine editor, novelist and non-fiction writer.	Torgrim Eggen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Nishigandha Wad (Marathi: निशिगंधा वाड; born 11 October 1969) is an acclaimed Marathi film actress who has acted in Hindi films and in Hindi and Marathi serials.	Nishigandha Wad	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Richard of Middleton (Medieval Latin: Richardus de Mediavilla) (c.1249--c.1308) was a member of the Franciscan Order, a theologian, and scholastic philosopher.	Richard of Middleton	Latin
languages spoken or written	Jean Pierre de Caussade (7 March 1675 -- 8 December 1751) was a French Jesuit priest and writer known for his work Abandonment to Divine Providence (also translated as The Sacrament of the Present Moment) and his work with Nuns of the Visitation in Nancy, France.	Jean Pierre de Caussade	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Jonas Moore, FRS (1617--1679) was an English mathematician, surveyor, Ordnance Officer and patron of astronomy.	Jonas Moore	English
languages spoken or written	Ehrenfried Walther von Tschirnhaus (or Tschirnhausen, German pronunciation: (ˈeːʁənˌfʁiːt ˈwaltɐ fɔn ˈt͡ʃiːɐ̯nhaʊs); 10 April 1651 -- 11 October 1708) was a German mathematician, physicist, physician, and philosopher.	Ehrenfried Walther von Tschirnhaus	German
languages spoken or written	René Nicolas Charles Augustin de Maupeou (25 February 1714 -- 29 July 1792) was a French lawyer, politician, and chancellor of France, whose attempts at reform signalled the failure of enlightened despotism in France.	René Nicolas Charles Augustin de Maupeou	French
languages spoken or written	William Cage (28 March 1666 -- 21 January 1738) was an English Tory politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1702 to 1705 and in the House of Commons of Great Britain from 1710 to 1715.	William Cage	English
languages spoken or written	Sir William Robinson, 1st Baronet (19 November 1655 -- 22 December 1736), 1st Baronet of Newby-on-Swale, Yorkshire, was an English Member of Parliament and Lord Mayor of York.	Sir William Robinson, 1st Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Pedro Manuel Colón de Portugal, 7th Duke of Veragua, (y de la Cueva), (25 December 1651 -- 9 September 1710) was a Spanish noble.	Pedro Manuel Colón de Portugal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jerónimo Bautista Lanuza (3 January 1533 -- 15 December 1624) was a Spanish Dominican friar, bishop and writer.	Jerónimo Bautista Lanuza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Paul Zacharia (born 1945) is a Malayalam short story writer, novelist and essayist.	Paul Zacharia	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Sir Richard Grosvenor, 4th Baronet (1689 -- July 1732) was an English Member of Parliament and an ancestor of the modern day Dukes of Westminster.	Sir Richard Grosvenor, 4th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Charles Louis Auguste Fouquet, duc de Belle-Isle (22 September 1684 -- 26 January 1761) was a French general and statesman.	Charles Louis Auguste Fouquet, duc de Belle-Isle	French
languages spoken or written	Pedro Álvares Cabral (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈpeðɾu ˈaɫvɐɾɨʃ kɐˈβɾaɫ) or Brazilian Portuguese: (ˈpedɾu ˈawvaɾis kaˈbɾaw); c. 1467 or 1468 -- c. 1520) was a Portuguese nobleman, military commander, navigator and explorer regarded as the discoverer of Brazil.	Pedro Álvares Cabral	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Félix Poutré (French pronunciation: ​(feliks putʁe); 1814--1885) was a French Canadian patriot and spy, who became known both as a popular hero and an infamous traitor within Lower Canada following his involvement in the Lower Canada Rebellion.	Félix Poutré	French
languages spoken or written	António Ferreira Gomes (Milhundos, Penafiel, 10 May 1906 - Ermesinde, 13 April 1989) was a Portuguese Roman Catholic bishop, and is considered one of the most notable figures of Portuguese Catholic hierarchy in the 20th century.	António Ferreira Gomes	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Peter Burrell, 1st Baron Gwydyr PC (16 June 1754 -- 29 June 1820) featured in English politics at the end of the 18th century, but he was best known for his involvement in cricket, particularly his part in the foundation of Marylebone Cricket Club in 1787.	Peter Burrell, 1st Baron Gwydyr	English
languages spoken or written	Kanji Nishio (b. 1935) is a Japanese intellectual and professor emeritus of literature at the University of Electro-Communications in Tokyo, Japan.	Kanji Nishio	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Madis Kõiv (5 December 1929, Tartu, Estonia -- 24 September 2014, Tartu, Estonia) was an Estonian writer, philosopher and physicist.	Madis Kõiv	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Angela Huth (born 29 August 1938) is an English novelist and journalist.	Angela Huth	English
languages spoken or written	Leander Haußmann (sometimes Haussmann) (born 26 June 1959, Quedlinburg) is a German theatre and film director.	Leander Haußmann	German
languages spoken or written	Henri-Georges Clouzot (French pronunciation: ​(ɑ̃ʁi ʒɔʁʒ kluzo); 18 August 1907 -- 12 January 1977) was a French film director, screenwriter and producer.	Henri-Georges Clouzot	French
languages spoken or written	René Belbenoît (French pronunciation: ​(ʁəne bɛlbənwa); April 4, 1899 -- February 26, 1959) was a French prisoner on Devil's Island who successfully escaped to the United States.	René Belbenoît	French
languages spoken or written	Sergey Narovchatov (Russian: Серге́й Серге́евич Наровчатов) (1919--1981) was a Russian author and editor-in-chief of the literary magazine Novy Mir from 1974 to 1981.	Sergey Narovchatov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Mirza Alakbar Sabir (Azerbaijani: Mirzə Ələkbər Sabir), born Alakbar Zeynalabdin oglu Tahirzadeh (30 May 1862, Shamakhy -- 12 July 1911, Shamakhy) was an Azerbaijani satirical poet, public figure, philosopher and teacher.	Mirza Alakbar Sabir	Azerbaijani
languages spoken or written	Michael J. Bassett is an English screenwriter and film director.	Michael J. Bassett	English
languages spoken or written	Willem van Moerbeke, O.P. (Latin: Gulielmus de Moerbecum) (1215-35 -- c. 1286), known in the English speaking world as William of Moerbeke, was a prolific medieval translator of philosophical, medical, and scientific texts from Greek language into Latin.	William of Moerbeke	Latin
languages spoken or written	Custo Dalmau (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈkusto ðaɫˈmaw)) (born in the Spanish Pyrenees as Ángel Custodio Dalmau Salmons, Tremp, Spain 1959) is a fashion designer.	Custo Dalmau	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Erhard Weigel (December 16, 1625 -- March 21, 1699) was a German mathematician, astronomer and philosopher.	Erhard Weigel	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre de Marca (January 24, 1594 -- June 29, 1662) was a French bishop and historian, born at Gan in Béarn of a family distinguished in the magistracy.	Pierre de Marca	French
languages spoken or written	Roger Leloup (French: (ləlu); born 17 November 1933) is a Belgian comic strip artist, novelist, and a former collaborator of Hergé, who would rely upon him to create detailed, realistic drawings and elaborate decoration for The Adventures of Tintin.	Roger Leloup	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Mignard (7 November 1612 -- 30 May 1695), called ``Le Romain'' to distinguish him from his brother Nicolas Mignard, was a French painter.	Pierre Mignard	French
languages spoken or written	Antonio Tajani (born 4 August 1953 in Rome) is an Italian politician and is one of the fourteen vice-presidents of the European Parliament.	Antonio Tajani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Armando Palacio Valdés (October 4, 1853 - January 29, 1938) was a Spanish novelist and critic.	Armando Palacio Valdés	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lu Deming (陸德明; 556-627) was Tang dynasty Chinese scholar, author of the Jingdian Shiwen, which provides annotations on the classics, including alternate pronunciations of characters in specific contexts.	Lu Deming	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Laurent Fels, PhD in French literature, is a writer and professor in Luxembourg and is a member of the research centre 'Écritures' of the Université de Lorraine.	Laurent Fels	French
languages spoken or written	Alicia Giménez Bartlett (born 10 June 1951 in Almansa, Albacete, Spain is a Spanish writer particularly known for her series of detective novels protagonized by Petra Delicado.	Alicia Giménez Bartlett	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alain Passard (French pronunciation: ​(alɛ̃ pasaʁ); born 4 August 1956 at La Guerche-de-Bretagne, France) is a French chef and owner of the three-star restaurant L'Arpège in Paris.	Alain Passard	French
languages spoken or written	Ole Peter Arnulf Øverland (27 April 1889 -- 25 March 1968) was a Norwegian poet born in Kristiansund and raised in Bergen.	Arnulf Øverland	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Paolo Guzzanti (born 1 August 1940) is an Italian journalist and politician.	Paolo Guzzanti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sebastian Münster (20 January 1488 -- 26 May 1552), was a German cartographer, cosmographer, and a Christian Hebraist scholar.	Sebastian Münster	German
languages spoken or written	Georges Charachidzé (Giorgi Sharashidze; Georgian: გიორგი შარაშიძე) (February 11, 1930 -- February 20, 2010) was a French-Georgian scholar of the Caucasian cultures.	Georges Charachidzé	French
languages spoken or written	David Favrholdt (24 April 1931 -- 6 December 2012) was a Danish philosopher, educated with M.A.s in psychology and philosophy and later Dr. Phil. from Copenhagen University.	David Favrholdt	Danish
languages spoken or written	Ralph Etwall (30 May 1804 - 15 Dec 1882) was an English Whig and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1831 to 1847.	Ralph Etwall	English
languages spoken or written	James Fox-Lane (August 1756 -- 7 April 1821), known as James Fox until 1773, was an English landed gentleman, who represented Horsham in Parliament for six years.	James Fox-Lane	English
languages spoken or written	Jilly Cooper OBE (born 21 February 1937) is an English author.	Jilly Cooper	English
languages spoken or written	Jean Jacques Émile Cheysson (18 May 1836 -- 7 February 1910) was a French ingenieur.	Émile Cheysson	French
languages spoken or written	Pudukkottai Ulaganathan Pillai Chinnappa (5 May 1916 -- 23 September 1951), also popularly known as P. U. Chinnappa, was a popular singer and Tamil movie actor during the 1930s and from Pudukottai, Tamil Nadu, India.	P. U. Chinnappa	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Antonio Visentini (21 November 1688 -- 26 June 1782) was an Italian architectural designer, painter and engraver, known for his architectural fantasies and capricci, the author of treatises on perspective and a professor at the Venetian Academy.	Antonio Visentini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Johann Abraham Peter Schulz (31 March 1747, Lüneburg -- 10 June 1800,Schwedt) was a German musician.	Johann Abraham Peter Schulz	German
languages spoken or written	Marcellinus Comes (died c. 534) was a Latin chronicler of the Eastern Roman Empire.	Marcellinus Comes	Latin
languages spoken or written	Bohumil Mathesius (July 14, 1888 -- June 2, 1952) was a Czech poet, translator, publicist and literary scientist -- expert on Russian literature.	Bohumil Mathesius	Czech
languages spoken or written	Miguel Ángel Nieto de la Calle (born 12 January 1986 in Madrid) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Hércules CF as a right winger.	Miguel Ángel Nieto	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Agustí Villaronga Riutort (Catalan pronunciation: (əɣusˈti viʎəˈɾoŋɡə); born 4 April 1953) is a Balearic Spanish film director, screenwriter and actor.	Agustí Villaronga	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Bai Juyi (also Bo Juyi or Po Chu-i; Chinese: 白居易; pinyin: Bai Juyi; 772--846) was a renowned Chinese poet and Tang Dynasty government official.	Bai Juyi	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Francisco Cacharro Pardo (16 November 1936 -- 8 March 2015) was a Spanish politician who was President of the Provincial Deputation of Lugo between 1983 and 2007.	Francisco Cacharro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Juan Eduardo Cirlot Laporta (April 9, 1916 -- May 11, 1973) was a Spanish poet, art critic, hermeneutist, mythologist, and musician.	Juan Eduardo Cirlot	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Vlad Georgescu (1937--1988), Romanian historian, was the director of the Romanian-language department of Radio Free Europe between 1983 and 1988.	Vlad Georgescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Bernardo Bertolucci (Italian: (berˈnardo bertoˈluttʃi); born 16 March 1941) is an Italian film director and screenwriter, whose films include The Conformist, Last Tango in Paris, 1900, The Last Emperor, The Sheltering Sky and The Dreamers.	Bernardo Bertolucci	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jesús Aguirre y Ortiz de Zárate, Duke Consort of Alba (June 9, 1934 -- May 11, 2001) was a Spanish intellectual, Jesuit priest, literary editor, and aristocrat.	Jesús Aguirre	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Vinay Forrt (Malayalam: വിനയ് ഫോര്‍ട്ട്‌) is an Indian film and theater actor.	Vinay Forrt	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Éric Pichet (born in 1960) is a professor at KEDGE Business School teaching at a post-graduate level and French economist.	Éric Pichet	French
languages spoken or written	Pomponius Porphyrion (or Porphyrio) was a Latin grammarian and commentator on Horace.	Pomponius Porphyrion	Latin
languages spoken or written	Francis Pasche (French: (paʃ); 7 May 1910 -- 12 September 1996) was a French psychoanalyst.	Francis Pasche	French
languages spoken or written	Isaac ibn Sid was a Spanish-Jewish astronomer; he flourished at the Toledo School of Translators in the second half of the thirteenth century.	Isaac ibn Sid	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alexander Görlach (born December 28, 1976) is a German author and syndicated columnist.	Alexander Görlach	German
languages spoken or written	André Weil (/veɪ/; French: (ɑ̃dʁe vɛj); 6 May 1906 -- 6 August 1998) was an influential French mathematician of the 20th century, known for his foundational work in number theory and algebraic geometry.	André Weil	French
languages spoken or written	Johann Albrecht Adelgrief (died 11 October 1636) was an alleged German prophet, born in the environs of Elbląg (Elbing), Poland.	Johann Albrecht Adelgrief	German
languages spoken or written	Giorgio Morandi (July 20, 1890 -- June 18, 1964) was an Italian painter and printmaker who specialized in still life.	Giorgio Morandi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Vincenzo Gemito (July 16, 1852 - March 1, 1929) was an Italian sculptor and artist.	Vincenzo Gemito	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sir Matthew Fetherstonhaugh, 1st Baronet, FRS (/ˈfɛðəːstənhɔː/; c. 1714 -- 1774) was an English politician and landowner.	Matthew Fetherstonhaugh	English
languages spoken or written	Beatrice Hastings was the pen name of Emily Alice Haigh (27 January 1879 -- 30 October 1943) an English writer, poet and literary critic.	Beatrice Hastings	English
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Girolamo Kapsperger (also: Johann(es) Hieronymus Kapsberger or Giovanni Geronimo Kapsperger; c. 1580 -- 17 January 1651) was a German-Italian virtuoso performer and composer of the early Baroque period.	Giovanni Girolamo Kapsperger	Italian
languages spoken or written	Louis Eugène Marie Bautain (17 February 1796 -- 15 October 1867), was a French philosopher and theologian.	Louis Eugène Marie Bautain	French
languages spoken or written	Rainis was the pseudonym of Jānis Pliekšāns (September 11 (O.S. August 30) 1865 -- September 12, 1929), a Latvian poet, playwright, translator, and politician.	Rainis	Latvian
languages spoken or written	Edith Mastenbroek (23 March 1975 -- 23 August 2012) was a Dutch politician and Member of the European Parliament.	Edith Mastenbroek	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Ronaldo de Assis Moreira (born 21 March 1980), commonly known as Ronaldinho (Brazilian Portuguese: (ʁonawˈdʒĩɲu)) or Ronaldinho Gaúcho, is a Brazilian footballer.	Ronaldinho	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Fermín Solís Campos (born May 16, 1972) is a Spanish cartoonist, animator, and illustrator.	Fermín Solís	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Théophile Le Grand de la Liraye (1819--1873) was a French Roman Catholic Priest, later defrocked, in Vietnam at the time of Charles Rigault de Genouilly's invasion of Vietnam in 1858.	Théophile Le Grand de la Liraye	French
languages spoken or written	Attilio Piccioni (14 July 1892 -- 10 March 1976) was an Italian politician, born in Poggio Bustone.	Attilio Piccioni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Yi Kwang-su (Hangul: 이광수; 1892, Chongju -- 1950) was a Korean writer and independence activist.	Yi Kwang-su	Korean
languages spoken or written	Jacques Boyceau, sieur de la Barauderie (ca. 1560 -- 1633) was a French garden designer, the superintendent of royal gardens under Louis XIII, whose posthumously produced Traité du iardinage selon les raisons de la nature et de l'art.	Jacques Boyceau	French
languages spoken or written	Wigald Boning (born 20 January 1967 in Wildeshausen) is a German actor, singer, writer and television presenter.	Wigald Boning	German
languages spoken or written	Jacques Brault (born March 29, 1933) is a French Canadian poet and translator who lives in Cowansville, Quebec, Canada.	Jacques Brault	French
languages spoken or written	John Dunton (4 May 1659 -- 1733) was an English bookseller and author.	John Dunton	English
languages spoken or written	Radu Aldulescu (born 29 June 1954, Bucharest) is a contemporany Romanian novelist.	Radu Aldulescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Carola Hansson-Boëthius (born 7 September 1942) is a Swedish novelist, dramatist and translator.	Carola Hansson	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Eduardo Nicol (Barcelona, Spain 1907 - México 1990), Mexican-Spanish philosopher, arrived in Mexico in 1939, obtained his major in philosophy from UNAM, the biggest university in Mexico, where he taught from 1940.	Eduardo Nicol	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Stanislas Lami (30 November 1858 -- 31 January 1944) was a French sculptor and art historian.	Stanislas Lami	French
languages spoken or written	Odd Winger (8 January 1923 - 4 February 1998) was a Norwegian journalist, novelist and children's writer.	Odd Winger	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Edwar al-Kharrat (Arabic: ادوار الخراط‎; 16 March 1926 -- 1 December 2015) was an Egyptian novelist, writer and critic.	Edwar al-Kharrat	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Edward Williams, better known by his bardic name Iolo Morganwg ((ˈjɔlɔ mɔrˈɡanʊɡ); 10 March 1747 -- 18 December 1826), was an influential Welsh antiquarian, poet, collector, and literary forger.	Iolo Morganwg	Welsh
languages spoken or written	Gerald McMorrow (born 1970) is an English writer and filmmaker.	Gerald McMorrow	English
languages spoken or written	Jörn Donner has for long periods lived and worked in Sweden, and has, among other things, serving as director of the Swedish Film Institute.	Jörn Donner	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Thomas Gainsborough FRSA (christened 14 May 1727, died 2 August 1788) was an English portrait and landscape painter, draughtsman, and printmaker.	Thomas Gainsborough	English
languages spoken or written	Frans Bauer (born 30 December 1973 in Roosendaal) is a Dutch singer of ``het levenslied'' (Dutch Schlager).	Frans Bauer	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Claude Lévi-Strauss (English /klɔːd ˈleɪvi ˈstraʊs/; French: (klod levi stʁos); 28 November 1908 -- 30 October 2009) was a French anthropologist and ethnologist whose work was key in the development of the theory of structuralism and structural anthropology.	Claude Lévi-Strauss	French
languages spoken or written	Michelangelo Pistoletto (born 25 June 1933) is an Italian painter, action and object artist, and art theorist.	Michelangelo Pistoletto	Italian
languages spoken or written	Paul Auguste Hariot (1854 - 5 July 1917), the son of Louis Hariot (also a pharmacist), was a French pharmacist and noted phycologist, best known for his 1900 publication Atlas Colorié des Plantes Médicinales Indigènes.	Paul Auguste Hariot	French
languages spoken or written	Regina Derieva (Russian: Реги́на Ио́сифовна Дери́ева; IPA: (rʲɪˈɡʲinə ɪˈosʲɪfəvnə dʲɪˈrʲijɪvə); 1949 -- December 11, 2013) was a Russian poet and writer who published around thirty books of poetry, essays, and prose.	Regina Derieva	Russian
languages spoken or written	Zlatko Hasanbegović (born 14 June 1973) is a Croatian historian who serves as the 10th Minister of Culture in the Cabinet of Tihomir Orešković since 22 January 2016.	Zlatko Hasanbegović	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Leonhart Fuchs (ˈfʊks) (1501 -- 10 May 1566), sometimes spelled Leonhard Fuchs, was a German physician and botanist.	Leonhart Fuchs	German
languages spoken or written	Pier Vittorio Tondelli (September 14, 1955 - December 16, 1991) was an Italian writer who wrote a small but influential body of work.	Pier Vittorio Tondelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Wincenty Lutosławski (1863--1954) was a Polish philosopher, author, and member of the Polish National League.	Wincenty Lutosławski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Ana Hatherly (May 8, 1929 -- August 5, 2015) was a Portuguese academic, poet, visual artist, and writer.	Ana Hatherly	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Régis Marcon (born June 14, 1956) is a French chef and ``Maître Restaurateur''.	Régis Marcon	French
languages spoken or written	Antonio Tabucchi (Italian: (anˈtɔnjo taˈbukki); 24 September 1943 -- 25 March 2012) was an Italian writer and academic who taught Portuguese language and literature at the University of Siena, Italy.	Antonio Tabucchi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Juan Manuel Trujillo (1907--1976) was a Spanish essayist and publisher.	Juan Manuel Trujillo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Judah ibn Verga (Hebrew: יהודה אבן וירגה) was a Spanish historian, kabalist, perhaps also mathematician, and astronomer, of the 15th century, born at Seville.	Judah ibn Verga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Darío Villalba Flores (born February 22, 1939 in San Sebastián) is a Spanish painter, photographer, and former competitive figure skater.	Darío Villalba	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alifa Rifaat wrote in Arabic throughout her literary career.	Alifa Rifaat	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Hans Dragendorff (15 October 1870 in Dorpat (Tartu), Estonia -- 29 January 1941 in Freiburg, Germany) was a Baltic German scholar who introduced the first classification system for the type of Ancient Roman pottery known as Samian ware or Terra sigillata, in 1896, using type numbers.	Hans Dragendorff	German
languages spoken or written	Tomás de Añorbe y Corregel (1686, Madrid - 1741) was a Spanish playwright and poet.	Tomás de Añorbe y Corregel	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Reinhard Sorge (29 January 1892, Berlin, German Empire -- 20 July 1916, Ablaincourt, France) was a German dramatist and poet.	Reinhard Sorge	German
languages spoken or written	Elias Lönnrot (Finnish: (ˈɛlias ˈlœnruːt); 9 April 1802 -- 19 March 1884) was a Finnish physician, philologist and collector of traditional Finnish oral poetry.	Elias Lönnrot	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Alberto Cavallari (Piacenza, 1 September 1927 -- Levanto, 20 July 1998) was an Italian journalist and writer.	Alberto Cavallari	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Louis Crémieux-Brilhac (22 January 1917 -- 8 April 2015) was a member of the Free French Forces in World War II and the France Libre organization based in London.	Jean-Louis Crémieux-Brilhac	French
languages spoken or written	Mauro Carbone (Mantua, 8 December 1956) is an Italian philosopher.	Mauro Carbone	Italian
languages spoken or written	Georges Bizet (French: (ʒɔʁʒ bizɛ); 25 October 1838 -- 3 June 1875), registered at birth as Alexandre César Léopold Bizet, was a French composer of the romantic era.	Georges Bizet	French
languages spoken or written	Leopoldo Panero, Spanish poet born in Astorga in 1909 and deceased in 1962.	Leopoldo Panero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alfhild Hovdan (née Olsen; 13 September 1904 -- 20 February 1982) was a Norwegian journalist, and later tourist manager for the city of Oslo for more than forty years.	Alfhild Hovdan	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Dimitrie Stelaru (pen name of Dumitru Petrescu; March 8, 1917 -- November 28, 1971) was a Romanian poet.	Dimitrie Stelaru	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Félix Regnault (17 June 1863 in Rennes -- 4 October 1938) was a French physician, anthropologist and prehistorian.	Félix Regnault	French
languages spoken or written	Signe Hasso (15 August 1915 -- 7 June 2002) was a Swedish actress, writer and composer.	Signe Hasso	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Dr. Wolf-Ulrich Cropp (born July 25, 1941 in Hamburg, Germany) is a German writer who, in his work as a businessman and authorized agent for national and international companies, travelled to every continent.	Wolf-Ulrich Cropp	German
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Bolten-Baeckers (1871--1938) was a German playwright, screenwriter, film director and producer.	Heinrich Bolten-Baeckers	German
languages spoken or written	Kinga Preis (born 31 August 1971, in Wrocław) is a Polish actress.	Kinga Preis	Polish
languages spoken or written	Rajabhau Dattatraya Paranjpe (Marathi: राजाभाऊ परांजपे दत्तात्रय; April 24, 1910 -- February 9, 1979), known as Raja Paranjape (Marathi: राजा परांजपे), was an Indian actor, director, producer and writer in the Marathi film and Hindi film industries.	Raja Paranjape	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Pasquale Chessa, born in Alghero, is an Italian historian and journalist.	Pasquale Chessa	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ghaleb Bencheikh is a member of the sponsoring committee of the French Coalition for the Decade, spreading culture of peace and non-violence.	Ghaleb Bencheikh	French
languages spoken or written	Albert Spaggiari (December 14, 1932 -- June 8, 1989), nicknamed Bert, was a French criminal chiefly known as the organizer of a break-in into a Société Générale bank in Nice, France in 1976.	Albert Spaggiari	French
languages spoken or written	Georg Sabinus or Georg Schuler (23 April 1508 - 2 December 1560) was a German poet, diplomat and academic.	Georg Sabinus	German
languages spoken or written	Vincent Garcia de la Huerta(or, Vicente Antonio García de la Huerta)(1729-1797) was an 18th-century Spanish poet, author, dramatist, and critic.	Vincent Garcia de la Huerta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mara Torres (Madrid, September 25, 1974) is a Spanish journalist, author, and radio and television host.	Mara Torres	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov (also spelled Mikhael Gromov or Michael Gromov; Russian: Михаи́л Леони́дович Гро́мов; born 23 December 1943), is a French--	Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov	French
languages spoken or written	Michel Serre (1658--1733) was a Catalan-born French painter.	Michel Serre	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Primitivo Lázaro Martínez (1909 -- 10 May 1997) was a Spanish pianist and composer.	Primitivo Lázaro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Karl Schnaase (7 September 1798 -- 20 May 1875) was a distinguished German art historian and jurist.	Karl Schnaase	German
languages spoken or written	Gian Vittorio Rossi, also known as Giano Nicio Eritreo, (1577--1647) was an Italian poet, philologist, and historian.	Gian Vittorio Rossi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Kurt Kusenberg (June 24, 1904 -- October 3, 1983) was a German author of short stories.	Kurt Kusenberg	German
languages spoken or written	Devorah Baron (also spelled Dvora Baron and Deborah Baron) (December 4, 1887 - August 20, 1956) was a pioneering Jewish writer, noted for writing in Modern Hebrew and for making a career as a Hebrew author.	Devorah Baron	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Walid Haj Yahia (Arabic: وليد حاج يحيى‎; Hebrew: וליד חאג'-יחיא‎, also known as Walid Sadik, born 1936) is an Israeli Arab former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Left Camp of Israel and Meretz.	Walid Haj Yahia	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Vincenzo Grimani (15 May 1652 or 26 May 1655 -- 26 September 1710) was an Italian cardinal, diplomat, and opera librettist.	Vincenzo Grimani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean Victor Adam (1801--1867) was a French painter and lithographer,	Victor Adam	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Francis Seymour Haden (16 September 1818 -- 1 June 1910), was an English surgeon, best known as an etcher.	Francis Seymour Haden	English
languages spoken or written	Stanley Clifford-Smith (1906 - 1968) was an English Expressionist painter and textile designer who was active as an artist in the 1940s, 50s and 60s.	Stanley Clifford-Smith	English
languages spoken or written	(In Bernarr Rainbow on Music - see below) English psalmody prefaces: popular methods of teaching, 1562-1835, Boethius Press (London, 1982)/Boydell.	Bernarr Rainbow	English
languages spoken or written	Wladimir de Schoenefeld (12 January 1816 in Berlin -- 8 September 1875 in Paris) was a German-born, French botanist.	Wladimir de Schoenefeld	French
languages spoken or written	Julius Bab (December 11, 1880 -- February 12, 1955) was a German dramatist and theater critic.	Julius Bab	German
languages spoken or written	Paul Gibier (1851--1900) was a French doctor and bacteriologist, a researcher into contagious diseases, who founded the New York Pasteur Institute.	Paul Gibier	French
languages spoken or written	Eddie Barclay (26 January 1921 -- 13 May 2005) was a French music producer whose singers included Jacques Brel, Dalida and Charles Aznavour.	Eddie Barclay	French
languages spoken or written	Aruna Irani (born 18 August 1946) is an Indian actress, who has acted in over 300 films in Hindi, Marathi and Gujarati cinema, mostly playing supporting roles.	Aruna Irani	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Sir Edward James Salisbury FRS (16 April 1886 -- 10 November 1978) was an English botanist and ecologist.	Edward James Salisbury	English
languages spoken or written	Antonio de Trueba (24 December 1819 -- 10 March 1889) was a Spanish poet, novelist, and folklorist.	Antonio de Trueba	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Marco Minghetti (November 18, 1818 -- December 10, 1886) was an Italian economist and statesman.	Marco Minghetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	André Couder (27 November 1897 -- 16 January 1979) was a French optician and astronomer.	André Couder	French
languages spoken or written	Benedetto Croce (Italian: (beneˈdetto ˈkroːtʃe); 25 February 1866 -- 20 November 1952) was an Italian idealist philosopher, historian and occasionally also politician.	Benedetto Croce	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hans Hartung (21 September 1904 -- 7 December 1989) was a German-French painter, known for his gestural abstract style.	Hans Hartung	French
languages spoken or written	Carmen de Icaza (b. 17 May 1899, Madrid, Spain -- d. 16 March 1979) was a Spanish novelist from 1935 to 1960.	Carmen de Icaza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Vladislav Petković Dis (Serbian Cyrillic: Владислав Петковић Дис; born Vladislav Petković; 12 March 1880 -- 16 May/29 May 1917) was a Serbian poet, part of the impressionism movement in European poetry, known as Moderna/Symbolism in Serbia.	Vladislav Petković Dis	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Bernard Mathieu (born 11 January 1959) is a French Egyptologist who was director of the Institut français d'archéologie orientale from 1999 to 2005.	Bernard Mathieu	French
languages spoken or written	Pablo de Céspedes (1538 -- July 26, 1608) was a Spanish painter, poet, and architect.	Pablo de Céspedes	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Gerhard Rohlfs (April 14, 1831 -- June 2, 1896) was a German geographer, explorer, author and adventurer.	Friedrich Gerhard Rohlfs	German
languages spoken or written	Flavius Sosipater Charisius (fl. 4th century) was a Latin grammarian.	Charisius	Latin
languages spoken or written	A doyenne of Hindi and Gujarati films as well as theatre, Dina Pathak acted in over 120 films in a career spanning over six decades.	Dina Pathak	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Sir John Frederick Neville Cardus, CBE (3 April 1888 -- 28 February 1975) was an English writer and critic.	Neville Cardus	English
languages spoken or written	Kaarle Krohn (May 10, 1863 -- July 19, 1933) was a Finnish folklorist, professor and developer of the geographic-historic method of folklore research.	Kaarle Krohn	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Vittoria Colonna (April 1492 -- 25 February 1547), marchioness of Pescara, was an Italian noblewoman and poet.	Vittoria Colonna	Italian
languages spoken or written	Antonio López García (born 6 January 1936) is a Spanish painter and sculptor, known for his realistic style.	Antonio López García	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Eugen Filotti (July 28 (July 17 O.S.) 1896 -- June 1, 1975) was a Romanian diplomat, journalist and writer.	Eugen Filotti	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Ambrosius Lobwasser (1515--1585) was a German humanist and translator, born in Saxony.	Ambrosius Lobwasser	German
languages spoken or written	Henry Lincoln (born Henry Soskin, 1930) is an English author, television presenter, scriptwriter and former supporting actor.	Henry Lincoln	English
languages spoken or written	Isaac Puente Amestoy (3 June 1896 -- 1 September 1936), born in Las Carreras near Biscay, was a Basque physician and Spanish anarchist of a strong anarchist communist bent, who adhered to concerns around birth control, hygiene and sexuality.	Isaac Puente	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Luisa Carvajal y Mendoza (2 January 1566 -- 2 January 1614) was a member of the Spanish nobility, a family connection of the Duke of Lerma and religious poet and writer.	Luisa Carvajal y Mendoza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	M. K. Kamalam (1923 -- 20 April 2010) was an Indian actress in Malayalam cinema.	M. K. Kamalam	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Fernando Dinarte Santos Silva (born 3 October 1980), known simply as Fernando, is a Portuguese retired footballer.	Fernando Dinarte Santos Silva	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Wilhelm Marpurg (21 November 1718 -- 22 May 1795) was a German music critic, music theorist and composer.	Friedrich Wilhelm Marpurg	German
languages spoken or written	Arnaud Danjean (born 11 February 1971 in Louhans, Saône-et-Loire) is a French politician and a Member of the European Parliament, elected in the 2009 European election for the East constituency.	Arnaud Danjean	French
languages spoken or written	Rolf Anders Isaksson (9 May 1943 -- 17 January 2009) was a Swedish journalist, writer, and historian, possibly best known for his four-volume biography of Swedish social democratic politics and Prime Minister Per Albin Hansson's life.	Anders Isaksson	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Edgar Demange (April 22, 1841 in Versailles -- February 1925 in Paris) was a French jurist.	Edgar Demange	French
languages spoken or written	Kurt Kretschmann (2 March 1914 -- 20 January 2007) was a German Nature Conservationist.	Kurt Kretschmann	German
languages spoken or written	Mark Tacher was born in Mexico City, Mexico, D.F. Mark holds a degree in acting, has a background in music and singing, speaks three languages (Spanish, English and Hebrew), and has also modeled several brands of clothing and footwear.	Mark Tacher	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gaetano Martino (25 November 1900 - 21 July 1967) was an Italian politician, physician and university teacher.	Gaetano Martino	Italian
languages spoken or written	José Antonio Pecharromán Fabián (born 1978-06-16 in Cáceres) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer and former rider of SL Benfica.	José Antonio Pecharromán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Philippe Nys (1947, Tournai) is a Belgian-born French philosopher.	Philippe Nys	French
languages spoken or written	Catharine Macaulay (born Catharine Sawbridge and, by the time of her death, Catharine Graham) (23 March 1731 -- 22 June 1791) was an English historian.	Catharine Macaulay	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre Allorge (12 April 1891 -- 21 January 1944) was a French botanist born in Paris.	Pierre Allorge	French
languages spoken or written	Nicholas Blincoe is an English author, critic and screenwriter.	Nicholas Blincoe	English
languages spoken or written	Carlo Pedretti (born in Bologna, 1928) is an Italian historian.	Carlo Pedretti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Alan Mac Clyde is the pseudonym of two different French authors of pornographic novels, the first active in the 1930s, the second in the 1950s.	Alan Mac Clyde	French
languages spoken or written	Alberto Casañal Shakery (1875--1943) was a Spanish poet, playwright, humorist and writer.	Alberto Casañal Shakery	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jerónimo Gracián or Jerome Gratian (6 June 1545 -- 21 September 1614) was a Spanish Carmelite and writer.	Jerome Gratian	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jacques Bertin (27 July 1918 -- 3 May 2010) was a French cartographer and theorist, known from his book Semiologie Graphique (Semiology of Graphics), published in 1967.	Jacques Bertin	French
languages spoken or written	Ion Ionescu de la Brad (June 24, 1818 -- December 16, 1891), born Ion Isăcescu, was a Moldavian-born Romanian revolutionary, agronomist, statistician, scholar and writer.	Ion Ionescu de la Brad	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Jainendra Kumar (जैनेन्द्र कुमार, 2 January 1905 - 24 December 1988), was an influential Hindi writer of 20th century.	Jainendra Kumar	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Armin Ulrich (born November 1, 1966) is a German film director, theatre director and film producer.	Armin Ulrich	German
languages spoken or written	Vicent Partal (Valencian pronunciation: (viˈsɛm paɾˈtaɫ)) (Bétera, Valencia; 1960) is a Spanish journalist, founder and manager of VilaWeb.	Vicent Partal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Konstanty Troczyński (born December 9, 1906 in Częstochowa - 1942 in Auschwitz) was a Polish literature theoretician and critic.	Konstanty Troczyński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Pablo Nieto Aguilar (born 4 June 1980, in Madrid, Community of Madrid) is a Spanish former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer currently involved in team management.	Pablo Nieto	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Houshang Moradi Kermani (born 7 September 1944) (Persian: هوشنگ مرادی کرمانی‎) is an eminent Iranian writer best known for children's and young-adult fiction.	Houshang Moradi Kermani	Persian
languages spoken or written	François-Joseph-Victor Broussais (17 December 1772, St Malo -- 17 November 1838, Vitry-sur-Seine) was a French physician.	François-Joseph-Victor Broussais	French
languages spoken or written	Kurt Aland (28 March 1915 -- 13 April 1994) was a German theologian and Biblical scholar who specialized in New Testament textual criticism.	Kurt Aland	German
languages spoken or written	Henri Guillaume Galeotti (10 September 1814 -- 1858) was a French-Belgian botanist and geologist of Italian parentage born in Paris.	Henri Guillaume Galeotti	French
languages spoken or written	José Celestino Mutis (6 April 1732 -- 11 September 1808) was a Spanish priest, botanist and mathematician.	José Celestino Mutis	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jamil Sidqi al-Zahawi (1863--1936) (Arabic: جميل صدقي الزهاوي‎, Jamīl Sidqī al-Zahāwī) was a prominent Iraqi poet and philosopher.	Jamil Sidqi al-Zahawi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Dominic Burns (born 1983) is an English film director, screenwriter, producer and actor.	Dominic Burns	English
languages spoken or written	Károly Ferenczy (February 8, 1862 -- March 18, 1917) was a Hungarian painter and leading member of the Nagybánya artists' colony.	Károly Ferenczy	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	François Gabriel Théodore Basset de Jolimont (8 February 1787 -- 1854) was a French artist, lithographer, painter and antiquary.	Théodore Basset de Jolimont	French
languages spoken or written	Wendy Bouchard (born on June 22, 1980) is a French journalist, radio and television presenter.	Wendy Bouchard	French
languages spoken or written	Johann Arndt (or Arnd; 27 December 1555 -- 11 May 1621) was a German Lutheran theologian who wrote several influential books of devotional Christianity.	Johann Arndt	German
languages spoken or written	Klaus Kubitzki (born 1933) is a German botanist.	Klaus Kubitzki	German
languages spoken or written	Svetlana Geier, née Swetlana Michailovna Ivanova, (26 April 1923 in Kiev, USSR -- 7 November 2010 in Freiburg im Breisgau) was a literary translator who translated from her native Russian into German.	Svetlana Geier	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre Salviac is a French journalist and a commentator of Rugby, born June 28, 1946 in Rochefort, Charente-Maritime.	Pierre Salviac	French
languages spoken or written	Kamin Kamani (Thai: คามิน คมนีย์; rtgs: Khamin Khamani, born in Nakhon Si Thammarat, Thailand) is a Thai writer.	Kamin Kamani	Thai
languages spoken or written	Alexander Moritz Frey (1881--1957) was a German author known for his fantasy books.	Alexander Moritz Frey	German
languages spoken or written	Antide Janvier (1 July 1751 -- 23 September 1835) was a French clockmaker.	Antide Janvier	French
languages spoken or written	Anne Sylvestre (French: (an silvɛstʁ), born Anne-Marie Beugras 20 June 1934) is a French singer and songwriter.	Anne Sylvestre	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Varin or Warin (6 February 1604 -- c.1672) was a French sculptor and engraver who made important innovations in the process of minting coins.	Jean Varin	French
languages spoken or written	Michael Rutschky (born 25 May 1943 in Berlin) is a German author.	Michael Rutschky	German
languages spoken or written	Thure Erik Lund (born 27 June 1959 at Vikersund) is a Norwegian author and cabinet maker.	Thure Erik Lund	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Dora Patricia Mercado Castro (Spanish pronunciation: (paˈtɾisja merˈkaðo); born 1957 in Ciudad Obregón, Sonora) is a Mexican feminist politician.	Patricia Mercado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Per Hallström (29 September 1866, Stockholm -- 18 February 1960) was a Swedish author, short-story writer, dramatist, poet and member of the Swedish Academy.	Per Hallström	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Jacques Dars (1941 -- 28 December 2010) was a French sinologist.	Jacques Dars	French
languages spoken or written	Victor Francen (5 August 1888 -- 18 November 1977), born Victor Franssens, was a Belgian-born actor with a long career in French cinema and in Hollywood.	Victor Francen	French
languages spoken or written	Max Brod (Hebrew: מקס ברוד; May 27, 1884 -- December 20, 1968) was a German-speaking Czech Jewish, later Israeli, author, composer, and journalist.	Max Brod	German
languages spoken or written	Carla Accardi (9 October 1924 -- 23 February 2014) was an Italian painter who contributed significantly to the acceptance of abstract art in Italy.	Carla Accardi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hans-Georg Stümke (September 16, 1941 in Königsberg -- September 29, 2002 in Berlin) was a German author, teacher, historian and publisher.	Hans-Georg Stümke	German
languages spoken or written	Dominique Jean Larrey (French: (larɛ); 8 July 1766 -- 25 July 1842) was a French surgeon in Napoleon's Grand Armée and an important innovator in battlefield medicine and triage.	Dominique Jean Larrey	French
languages spoken or written	Emil Artin (German: (ˈaɐ̯tiːn); March 3, 1898 -- December 20, 1962) was an Austrian mathematician.	Emil Artin	German
languages spoken or written	Sir Travers Twiss QC FRS (March 19, 1809 in London -- January 14, 1897 in London) was an English jurist.	Travers Twiss	English
languages spoken or written	Jiří Gruša (10 November 1938, in Pardubice -- 28 October 2011, in Bad Oeynhausen ) was a Czech poet, novelist, translator, diplomat and politician.	Jiří Gruša	Czech
languages spoken or written	Honoré Champion (1846--1913) was a French publisher.	Honoré Champion	French
languages spoken or written	Stefan Kieniewicz (20 September 1907 in Dereszewicze - 2 May 1992 in Konstancin) was a Polish historian and university professor, notable for his works on 19th century history of Poland.	Stefan Kieniewicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Evald Tang Kristensen (24 January 1843 -- 8 April 1929) was a Danish folklore collector and author.	Evald Tang Kristensen	Danish
languages spoken or written	John Hearle Tremayne (17 March 1780 -- 27 August 1851) was a member of a landed family in the English county of Cornwall, and owner of the Heligan estate near Mevagissey.	John Hearle Tremayne	English
languages spoken or written	François de Joyeuse (24 June 1562 -- 23 August 1615) was a French churchman and politician.	François de Joyeuse	French
languages spoken or written	Cecil Schwabe (3 September 1897 -- 20 April 1971) who performed under the stage name Cecil Parker was an English character and comedy actor with a distinctive husky voice and a supercilious demeanor, who usually played supporting roles in his 91 films made between 1928 and 1969.	Cecil Parker	English
languages spoken or written	Émile Schuffenecker (8 December 1851 -- 31 July 1934) was a French Post-Impressionist artist, painter, art teacher and art collector.	Émile Schuffenecker	French
languages spoken or written	Meïr Leibush ben Yehiel Michel Wisser (Russian: Меир-Лейбуш бен Йехиэл-Михл) (March 7, 1809 -- September 18, 1879), better known as The Malbim (Hebrew: מלבי``ם‎), was a rabbi, master of Hebrew grammar, and Bible commentator.	Malbim	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	François Achille Longet (25 May 1811 -- 20 April 1871) was a French anatomist and physiologist who was a native of Saint Germain-en-Laye, Yvelines.	François Achille Longet	French
languages spoken or written	Margherita Cogo (born 2 October 1951) was the first woman to be President of the Italian autonomous region of Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol and also the region's first Vice President.	Margherita Cogo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francesco Maria Appendini (November 4, 1768 -- 1837) was an Italian Latin and Italian scholar, who studied Slavic languages in the Republic of Ragusa.	Francesco Maria Appendini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Emiliano Reali (Italian pronunciation: (ɛ'mi.lja.'no rɛa.li)); born November 3, 1976 in Rome, is an Italian writer.	Emiliano Reali	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jacques Mayol was a French national born in Shanghai, China.	Jacques Mayol	French
languages spoken or written	Julio Anguita Parrado or Julio A. Parrado, as he often signed his articles (Cordoba, Spain, January 3, 1971 - Baghdad, Iraq, April 7, 2003), was a journalist and a Spanish war correspondent.	Julio Anguita Parrado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Nigel de Longchamps, also known as Nigel Wireker, (fl. c. 1190, died c. 1200), was an English satirist and poet of the late twelfth century, writing in Latin.	Nigel de Longchamps	Latin
languages spoken or written	Chaitanya Krishna is a South Indian actor who mainly stars in Telugu films/Tollywood.	Chaitanya Krishna	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Lazzaro Spallanzani (Italian pronunciation: (ˈladdzaro spallanˈtsaːni); 10 January 1729 -- 12 February 1799) was an Italian Catholic priest, biologist and physiologist who made important contributions to the experimental study of bodily functions, animal reproduction, and essentially animal echolocation.	Lazzaro Spallanzani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Michel Le Clerc (1622, Albi -- 8 December 1691) was a French lawyer and dramatist.	Michel Le Clerc	French
languages spoken or written	Detlev Buck (born December 1, 1962 in Bad Segeberg) is a German film director, actor, producer and screenwriter.	Detlev Buck	German
languages spoken or written	William Blanchard Jerrold (London 23 December 1826 -- 10 March 1884), was an English journalist and author.	William Blanchard Jerrold	English
languages spoken or written	Augustin Jacob Landré-Beauvais (1772--1840) was a French surgeon best known for his description of rheumatoid arthritis.	Augustin Jacob Landré-Beauvais	French
languages spoken or written	Friedrich August Wolf (German: (vɔlf); 15 February 1759 -- 8 August 1824) was a German philologist and critic.	Friedrich August Wolf	German
languages spoken or written	Tristano Martinelli (c. 1555 -- 1630), called Dominus Arlecchinorum, the ``Master of Harlequins'', was an Italian actor in the commedia dell'arte tradition.	Tristano Martinelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sandhya Roy (Bengali: সন্ধ্যা রায়) is an Indian actress and politician.	Sandhya Roy	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Schubart (21 October 1873, Liegnitz -- 9 August 1960) was a German ancient historian.	Wilhelm Schubart	German
languages spoken or written	Carlo Carrà (ˈkarlo karˈra) (February 11, 1881 -- April 13, 1966) was an Italian painter and a leading figure of the Futurist movement that flourished in Italy during the beginning of the 20th century.	Carlo Carrà	Italian
languages spoken or written	Salma de Nora (born 16 June 1979) is a Spanish pornographic actress who began her career in December 2003.	Salma de Nora	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alexandre Teulet (January 29, 1807- March 23, 1866) was a French Palaeographer, archivist, and historian.	Alexandre Teulet	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Albuisson (born 26 September 1952 in Madagascar) is a French postage stamp engraver and designer.	Pierre Albuisson	French
languages spoken or written	Fabio Mussi (born 22 January 1948) is an Italian politician, formerly Minister of University and Research in the Prodi II Cabinet.	Fabio Mussi	Italian
languages spoken or written	İdil Biret (born 21 November 1941 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish concert pianist, renowned for her interpretations of the Romantic repertoire.	İdil Biret	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Henri Claude Mangin was a French magistrate (7 March 1786 Metz- 1835).	Claude Mangin	French
languages spoken or written	Carl Amery (9 April 1922 -- 24 May 2005), the pen name of Christian Anton Mayer, was a German writer and environmental activist.	Carl Amery	German
languages spoken or written	Houshang Golshiri (Persian: هوشنگ گلشیری‎‎ ; 1937 -- June 6, 2000) was an Iranian fiction writer, critic and editor.	Houshang Golshiri	Persian
languages spoken or written	Adolphus William Young (1814 -- 4 November 1885) was an English solicitor who spent some years in New South Wales and became a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council.	Adolphus William Young	English
languages spoken or written	Wolfram Adalbert Scheffler (born 1956 in Karl-Marx-Stadt) is a German painter and artist.	Wolfram Adalbert Scheffler	German
languages spoken or written	Zhou Dunyi (Chinese: 周敦頤; Wade--Giles: Chou Tun-i; 1017--1073) was a Song dynasty Chinese Neo-Confucian philosopher and cosmologist born during the Song Dynasty.	Zhou Dunyi	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Mihkel Mutt (born February 18, 1953, in Tartu) is an Estonian writer, essayist, columnist and editor.	Mihkel Mutt	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Sylvie Guillaume (born 11 June 1962 in Antony, Hauts-de-Seine) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for the South-East France constituency.	Sylvie Guillaume	French
languages spoken or written	Herman Klein (born Hermann Klein; 23 July 1856 -- 10 March 1934) was an English music critic, author and teacher of singing.	Herman Klein	English
languages spoken or written	Michael Scammell (born 1935) is an English author, biographer and translator of Slavic literature.	Michael Scammell	English
languages spoken or written	Yves Angelo (born 22 January 1956) is a French cinematographer, film director and screenwriter.	Yves Angelo	French
languages spoken or written	Otakar Ševčík (22 March 1852 -- 18 January 1934) was a Czech violinist and influential teacher.	Otakar Ševčík	Czech
languages spoken or written	Udo Hebel studied American studies, English studies, German studies, and Pedagogy at the University of Mainz and, as a Fulbright scholar, in Mississippi, USA.	Udo Hebel	English
languages spoken or written	Jean Mathieu de Chazelles (24 July 1657 -- 16 January 1710), French hydrographer, was born in Lyon.	Jean Mathieu de Chazelles	French
languages spoken or written	Antun Barac (Kamenjak, 20 August 1894 -- Zagreb, 1 November 1955), was a Croatian historian.	Antun Barac	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Daniel Hershkowitz (Hebrew: דניאל הרשקוביץ; born 2 January 1953 in Haifa, Israel) is an Israeli politician, mathematician and rabbi.	Daniel Hershkowitz	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Erwan Berthou (September 4, 1861 -- January 30, 1933) was a French and Breton language poet, writer and neo-Druidic bard.	Erwan Berthou	French	Breton
languages spoken or written	Matteo Maria Boiardo (Italian pronunciation: (matˈtɛːo maˈriːa boˈjardo); 1434-41 -- 19/20 December 1494) was an Italian Renaissance poet.	Matteo Maria Boiardo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sasson Somekh (Hebrew: ששון סומך‎; Arabic:ساسون سوميخ; born 1933) is an Israeli academic, writer and translator.	Sasson Somekh	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Tomás Cerdán de Tallada (also known as Tomàs Cerdan de Tallada) (1530--1614) was a Spanish jurist, humanist, writer and poet born in the Valencian city of Xàtiva.	Tomás Cerdán de Tallada	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Edmond Marin la Meslée (February 5, 1912 -- February 4, 1945) was a French fighter pilot in World War II. He ranks as the 5th highest-scoring French ace of this conflict with 16 aerial victories.	Edmond Marin la Meslée	French
languages spoken or written	Osman Nuri Hadžić (28 June 1869 -- 23 December 1937) was a Bosnian intellectual and writer.	Osman Nuri Hadžić	Bosnian
languages spoken or written	William Blades (5 December 1824 -- 27 April 1890), English printer and bibliographer, was born at Clapham, London.	William Blades	English
languages spoken or written	Sebastián de Covarrubias (1539--1613) was a Spanish lexicographer, cryptographer, chaplain and writer.	Sebastián de Covarrubias	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pierre Curie (/ˈkjʊri, kjʊˈriː/; French: (kyʁi); 15 May 1859 -- 19 April 1906) was a French physicist, a pioneer in crystallography, magnetism, piezoelectricity and radioactivity.	Pierre Curie	French
languages spoken or written	Marco Follini (born on 26 September 1954) is an Italian centre-wing politician.	Marco Follini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Augustin Hulin (September 6, 1758 -- January 9, 1841) was a French general under Napoleon Bonaparte who took part in the storming of the Bastille, the trial of the Duke d'Enghien, and the foiling of the Malet coup.	Pierre-Augustin Hulin	French
languages spoken or written	Nicky Harman is a UK-based prize-winning literary translator, working from Chinese to English.	Nicky Harman	English
languages spoken or written	Jean Bernard Bossu (1720--1792) was a captain in the French navy, adventurer and explorer.	Jean Bernard Bossu	French
languages spoken or written	Eric Lafforgue (1964-) is a French photographer.	Eric Lafforgue	French
languages spoken or written	Rear-Admiral Sir John Narborough (c. 1640--1688) or Narbrough was an English naval commander of the 17th century.	John Narborough	English
languages spoken or written	Francis Balle (born 1939) is a French academic teacher and searcher.	Francis Balle	French
languages spoken or written	Oddino Morgari (November 16, 1865 - November 1944) was an Italian socialist journalist and politician.	Oddino Morgari	Italian
languages spoken or written	William Abbot (12 June 1790 -- 1 June 1843), was an English actor.	William Abbot	English
languages spoken or written	John Venn, FRS, FSA, (4 August 1834 -- 4 April 1923) was an English logician and philosopher noted for introducing the Venn diagram, used in the fields of set theory, probability, logic, statistics, and computer science.	John Venn	English
languages spoken or written	Anders Abraham Grafström (10 January 1790 -- 24 July 1870) was a Swedish historian, priest and poet.	Anders Abraham Grafström	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Rodrigo Sánchez de Arévalo (Latin: Rodericus Zamorensis; Santa María la Real de Nieva, diocese of Segovia, 1404 -- 4 October 1470) was a Spanish churchman, historian and political theorist.	Rodrigo Sánchez de Arévalo	Latin	Spanish
languages spoken or written	David Gilly (7 January 1748 -- 5 May 1808) was a German architect and architecture-tutor in Prussia, known as the father of the architect Friedrich Gilly.	David Gilly	German
languages spoken or written	Ludwik Fleck (11 July 1896 -- 5 June 1961) was a Polish and Israeli physician and biologist who did important work in epidemic typhus in Lwów, Poland, with Rudolf Weigl and in the 1930s developed the concept of the ``Denkkollektiv'' (``thought collective'').	Ludwik Fleck	Polish
languages spoken or written	Louis Renou (French: (ʁənu); 26 October 1896 -- 18 August 1966) was the pre-eminent French Indologist of the twentieth century.	Louis Renou	French
languages spoken or written	Stanislav Krakov (Serbian Cyrillic: Станислав Краков, Polish: Stanisław Kraków; 1895--1968) was a Serbian officer, journalist, writer and film director.	Stanislav Krakov	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Sheikh Mohammed al-Ghazali al-Saqqa (1917--1996) (Arabic: الشيخ محمد الغزالي السقا ‎), was an Islamic cleric and scholar whose writings ``have influenced generations of Egyptians''.	Mohammed al-Ghazali	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Sven Lindqvist (born April 28, 1932) is a Swedish author of mostly non-fiction, whose works include Exterminate All the Brutes and A History of Bombing.	Sven Lindqvist	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Flavio Biondo (Latin Flavius Blondus) (1392 -- June 4, 1463) was an Italian Renaissance humanist historian.	Flavio Biondo	Latin
languages spoken or written	Adolf Kiessling (February 15, 1837 -- May 3, 1893) was a German philologist born in Culm (present-day Chełmno, Poland).	Adolf Kiessling	German
languages spoken or written	Moshe Sanbar (Hebrew: משה זנבר‎; March 29, 1926 -- October 1, 2012) was an economist and Israeli public figure.	Moshe Sanbar	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Márk Rózsavölgyi (pronounced (ˈmaːrk ˈroːʒɒvølɟi); born Mordecai ``Motke'' Rosenthal, 1789 -- 23 January 1848) was a Hungarian composer and violinist.	Márk Rózsavölgyi	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Pedro Piqueras (born Pedro María Piqueras Gómez, May 6, 1955) is a Spanish journalist and news anchor, currently is news director of Telecinco.	Pedro Piqueras	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Louis Edgard de Trentinian (25 August 1851 - 24 May 1942) was a French soldier during the colonial era before World War I. He fought in French Indochina, and later was governor of the French Sudan.	Edgard de Trentinian	French
languages spoken or written	Italo Bocchino (born 6 July 1967) is an Italian politician and journalist.	Italo Bocchino	Italian
languages spoken or written	Robert Lacey Everett (28 January 1833 -- 21 October 1916) was an English farmer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons three times between 1885 and 1910.	Robert Lacey Everett	English
languages spoken or written	Barbara Cassin (French: (kasɛ̃); born October 24, 1947) is a French philologist and philosopher, born in 1947 in Boulogne-Billancourt.	Barbara Cassin	French
languages spoken or written	Johan Hadorph (May 6, 1630 -- July 12, 1693) was a Swedish director-general of the Central Board of National Antiquities.	Johan Hadorph	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Janice Nadeau is currently working on her second animated short film, Mamie, which she writes and directs for the French production company Folimage in co-production with the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).	Janice Nadeau	French
languages spoken or written	Alfred Choubrac (1853--1902) was a French painter, illustrator, draughtsman, and poster artist.	Alfred Choubrac	French
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Wilhelm Adami (18 October 1816 -- 5 August 1893) was a German author, critic, and publicist.	Friedrich Wilhelm Adami	German
languages spoken or written	Franz Sales Meyer (9 December 1849 -- 6 November 1927) was a German professor of ornament, author, poet and painter.	Franz Sales Meyer	German
languages spoken or written	Marta Vincenzi (born 27 May 1947) is an Italian politician and former Mayor of Genoa.	Marta Vincenzi	Italian
languages spoken or written	William Gifford (April 1756 -- 31 December 1826) was an English critic, editor and poet, famous as a satirist and controversialist.	William Gifford	English
languages spoken or written	Quentin Meillassoux (French: (mɛjasu); born 1967) is a French philosopher.	Quentin Meillassoux	French
languages spoken or written	Rodrigo Cota de Maguaque (died c. 1498), Spanish poet, who flourished towards the end of the 15th century, was born at Toledo.	Rodrigo Cota de Maguaque	Spanish
languages spoken or written	P. Matthias Hermanns (1899-1972) was a missionary of the SVD and a German Tibetologist.	Matthias Hermanns	German
languages spoken or written	Raymond Gérôme (17 May 1920 -- 3 February 2002) was a Belgian born, French stage and screen actor.	Raymond Gérôme	French
languages spoken or written	Matija Petar Katančić (Latin: Mathias Petrus Katancsich; 1750--1825) was a Croatian writer, professor of aesthetics and archaeology, lexicographer, and numismatist.	Matija Petar Katančić	Latin	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Alessandro Poerio (1802 - November 3, 1848), Italian poet and patriot.	Alessandro Poerio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Blessed Jules Chevalier (March 15, 1824 -- October 21, 1907) was a French Roman Catholic priest and founder of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart and Daughters of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart Roman Catholic religious institutes, and the inspiration for the members of the Chevalier Family.	Jules Chevalier	French
languages spoken or written	Rudolf Erich Raspe (March 1736 -- November 1794) was a German librarian, writer and scientist, called by his biographer John Carswell a ``rogue''.	Rudolf Erich Raspe	German
languages spoken or written	Benjamin Beit-Hallahmi (Hebrew: בנימין בית-הלחמי‎) (born June 12, 1943) is an Israeli professor of psychology at the University of Haifa, Israel.	Benjamin Beit-Hallahmi	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Régis Dericquebourg (born 1947) is a French sociologist of religions.	Régis Dericquebourg	French
languages spoken or written	Zigu Ornea (Romanian: (ˈziɡu ˈorne̯a); born Zigu Orenstein or Ornstein and commonly known as Z. Ornea; August 28, 1930 -- November 14, 2001) was a Romanian cultural historian, literary critic, biographer and book publisher.	Zigu Ornea	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Jean Frydman is a French resistant and businessman.	Jean Frydman	French
languages spoken or written	Safet Zec (born 5 December 1943) is a Bosnian painter and graphic designer.	Safet Zec	Bosnian
languages spoken or written	Schorsch Kamerun, (*1963, Timmendorfer Strand) whose real name is Thomas Sehl, is a German musician, singer, author, theatre director, and club proprietor.	Schorsch Kamerun	German
languages spoken or written	Buhturi, Arabic, أبو الوليد بن عبيدالله البحتري التنوخي (al-Walīd ibn `Ubayd Allāh al-Buhturī) (820--897) was an Arab poet born at Manbij in Syria, between Aleppo and the Euphrates.	Buhturi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	François Doubin (born April 23, 1933) is a French politician and former cabinet minister.	François Doubin	French
languages spoken or written	Mario Caserini (November 17, 1874 -- November 17, 1920) was an Italian film director, as well as an actor, screenwriter, and early pioneer of film making in the early portion of the 20th century.	Mario Caserini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ángel Valbuena Prat (1900--1977) was a Spanish philologist and historian.	Ángel Valbuena Prat	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Leo Leandros (born 1926 as Leandros Papathanasiou), is a Greek musician, composer and producer.	Leo Leandros	Greek
languages spoken or written	Manuel Pérez Clemente (better known as Sanjulián; born 24 June 1941) is a Spanish painter, most notable for his magazine and novel covers.	Sanjulián	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Johann Friedrich Herbart (4 May 1776 -- 14 August 1841) was a German philosopher, psychologist and founder of pedagogy as an academic discipline.	Johann Friedrich Herbart	German
languages spoken or written	Adam Wawrosz (24 December 1913 -- 18 December 1971) was a Polish poet, writer, and activist from the Zaolzie region of Cieszyn Silesia.	Adam Wawrosz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Gérard Paul Deshayes (May 13, 1795 -- June 9, 1875) was a French geologist and conchologist.	Gérard Paul Deshayes	French
languages spoken or written	Olivier Bobineau (born 6 March 1972, La Roche-sur-Yon) is a French sociologist specialized in the sociology of religion.	Olivier Bobineau	French
licensed to broadcast to	WMQT is a Hot AC radio station in Marquette, Michigan owned by Taconite Broadcasting.	WMQT	Marquette
licensed to broadcast to	KDFO is licensed to Delano, California, and serves the Bakersfield, California, area.	KDFO	Delano
licensed to broadcast to	Formerly licensed to Pine Bluffs, Wyoming, USA, the station was owned by Chisholm Trail Broadcasting LLC. KMGQ's license was surrendered by its owners to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on March 31, 2014; the FCC cancelled the license on April 1, 2014.	KMGQ	Pine Bluffs
licensed to broadcast to	KORL-FM is an American commercial radio station located in Waianae, Hawaii, broadcasting to the Honolulu, Hawaii area on 101.1 FM.	KORL-FM	Waianae, Hawaii
licensed to broadcast to	WWOZ is a non-profit community-supported radio station in New Orleans, Louisiana broadcasting at 90.7 FM.	WWOZ	New Orleans
manufacturer	The Commodore 8050 and Commodore 8250 are dual-unit 5¼`` floppy disk drives for Commodore International computers.	Commodore 8050	Commodore International
manufacturer	ALCO PA refers to a family of A1A-A1A diesel locomotives built to haul passenger trains that were built in Schenectady, New York in the United States by a partnership of the American Locomotive Company (ALCO) and General Electric (GE) between June, 1946 and December, 1953.	ALCO PA	American Locomotive Company
manufacturer	The Boeing 777 is a family of long-range wide-body twin-engine jet airliners developed and manufactured by Boeing Commercial Airplanes.	Boeing 777	Boeing Commercial Airplanes
manufacturer	The 'Azteca-class patrol vessel' are used by the Mexican Navy.	Azteca-class patrol vessel	Mexican Navy
manufacturer	The Zastava M90 was an assault rifle developed and produced by then Yugoslavian, nowadays Serbian Zastava Arms.	Zastava M90	Zastava Arms
member of political party	May Win Myint (Burmese: မေဝင်းမြင့်) is a Burmese politician and member of the National League for Democracy's Central Executive Committee.	May Win Myint	National League for Democracy
member of political party	Corradino Mineo (born 1 January 1950) is an Italian journalist and politician from the Democratic Party.	Corradino Mineo	Democratic Party
member of political party	Armen Rustamyan (Armenian: Արմեն Ռուստամյան) (born March 1, 1960 in Zangakatun) is an Armenian politician from the Armenian Revolutionary Federation.	Armen Rustamyan	Armenian Revolutionary Federation
member of political party	Carmen Warschaw (c. 1917 -- November 6, 2012) was an American philanthropist, politician, and leading figure within the state Democratic Party in California.	Carmen Warschaw	Democratic Party
member of political party	Per Aunet (born 14 April 1940 in Stjørdal) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party, an environmentalist in the Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature (NNV) and an Associate Professor in biology at Nord-Trøndelag University College.	Per Aunet	Socialist Left Party
member of political party	Virsa Singh Valtoha is an Indian politician and belongs to the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal party.	Virsa Singh Valtoha	Akali Dal
member of political party	Şamil Tayyar (born 1 January 1965 in Gaziantep) is a Turkish journalist, author, and deputy for the Justice and Development Party (AKP) since 2011.	Şamil Tayyar	Justice and Development Party
member of political party	Daniel Benlulu (Hebrew: דניאל בנלולו‎, born 6 May 1958) is a former Israeli politician who served a member of the Knesset for Likud between 2003 and 2006.	Daniel Benlulu	Likud
member of political party	Guo Jinlong (Chinese: 郭金龙; born July 1947) is a Chinese politician, the Communist Party Secretary of Beijing, and a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of China.	Guo Jinlong	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Leland Chancy Croft (born August 21, 1937) is a workers' compensation attorney and Democratic Party politician from the U.S. state of Alaska.	Chancy Croft	Democratic Party
member of political party	Nelson Albano (born March 11, 1954) is an American Democratic Party politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly where he represented the 1st Legislative District, having taken office on January 10, 2006.	Nelson Albano	Democratic Party
member of political party	Arthur Paul Dean, Baron Dean of Harptree, PC (14 September 1924 -- 1 April 2009) was a British Conservative Party politician.	Paul Dean, Baron Dean of Harptree	Conservative Party
member of political party	Inger Lise Hansen (born 1 September 1981) is a Norwegian politician and a member of the centre-right Christian Democratic Party (KRF).	Inger Lise Hansen	Christian Democratic Party
member of political party	Anders Fjelstad (10 October 1879 -- 1955) was a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party, then called Bondepartiet (The Farmers' Party).	Anders Fjelstad	Centre Party
member of political party	Michael A. Schneider is a politician and member of the Democratic Party who served as a member of the Nevada Senate, representing Clark County District 11 (map) from 1996 to 2012, when he retired because of term limits.	Michael A. Schneider	Democratic Party
member of political party	Hans Altherr (born 29 April 1950, St. Gallen, Switzerland) is a Swiss politician from the FDP.The Liberals.	Hans Altherr	FDP.The Liberals
member of political party	K. P. Rajendran (born 3 November 1954) is an Indian politician, State Executive Member of Communist Party of India, and National Working Committee Member of All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC).	K. P. Rajendran	Communist Party of India
member of political party	Lee Fisher (born August 7, 1951) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who served as the 64th Lieutenant Governor of Ohio, with Governor Ted Strickland, from 2007 until 2011.	Lee Fisher	Democratic Party
member of political party	Running as a People's Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, Bassey Ewa-Henshaw was elected as senator in the 5th (2003--2007) National Assembly representing Cross River South Senatorial District, and was reelected in April 2007.	Bassey Ewa-Henshaw	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Ólafur Jóhannesson (1 March 1913 -- 20 May 1984) was the fifteenth Prime Minister of Iceland for the Progressive Party on two occasions.	Ólafur Jóhannesson	Progressive Party
member of political party	At the age of 34, Ekrem Alican entered Democrat Party (DP), and was elected deputy of Kocaeli in the 1950 general elections.	Ekrem Alican	Democrat Party
member of political party	Cameron S. Brown (born July 6, 1954) is an independent consultant and speaker, and a former Republican Party legislator from the U.S. state of Michigan having served two terms in the Michigan Senate.	Cameron S. Brown	Republican Party
member of political party	Adrien Houngbédji (born 5 March 1942) is a Beninese politician and the leader of the Democratic Renewal Party (Parti du renouveau démocratique, PRD), one of Benin's main political parties.	Adrien Houngbédji	Democratic Renewal Party
member of political party	Heinz Schaden (born April 29, 1954) is an Austrian politician of the Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ), and the current mayor of Salzburg.	Heinz Schaden	Social Democratic Party of Austria
member of political party	Kim Kuk-tae (Korean: 김국태; 27 August 1924 -- 13 December 2013) was an elder apparatchik of the Workers' Party of Korea, the ruling party in North Korea.	Kim Kuk-tae	Workers' Party of Korea
member of political party	Cyrus L. Philipp was Chairman of the Republican Party of Wisconsin from 1934 to 1938.	Cyrus L. Philipp	Republican Party
member of political party	Miss Mabel Rebello is a politician from Indian National Congress party and a Member of the Parliament of India representing Jharkhand in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.	Mabel Rebello	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Jagdish Mukhi (born 1 December 1942) is a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party.	Jagdish Mukhi	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	L. Harvey Smith (born December 19, 1948) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly from January 8, 2008 to January 10, 2010, where he represented the 31st legislative district.	L. Harvey Smith	Democratic Party
member of political party	Dr. Ernst Ziehm (1 May 1867 - 7 July 1962) was a Danzig based German politician from the conservative German National People's Party and President of the Senate of the Free City of Danzig from 1931 to 1933.	Ernst Ziehm	German National People's Party
member of political party	Trinidad Jiménez García-Herrera (born 4 June 1962) is a Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) politician and was Spain's Foreign Affairs Minister.	Trinidad Jiménez	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Krishna Bose (born 26 December 1930) is an Indian political, educator and social worker and was a member of parliament elected from the Jadavpur constituency in West Bengal as a All India Trinamool Congress candidate.	Krishna Bose	All India Trinamool Congress
member of political party	Roberto Romero (October 22, 1927 - February 15, 1992) was an Argentine Justicialist Party politician and businessman.	Roberto Romero	Justicialist Party
member of political party	María Beatriz Zavala Peniche (born October 23, 1957 in Mérida, Yucatán) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party (PAN) who has served in the lower and upper house of the Mexican Congress.	Beatriz Zavala	National Action Party
member of political party	Marietta Giannakou (Greek: Μαριέττα Γιαννάκου, born June 6, 1951) is a Greek politician, member of New Democracy.	Marietta Giannakou	New Democracy
member of political party	Ram Chandra Yadav is a Bharatiya Janata Party politician and a member of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly from Rudauli.	Ram Chandra Yadav	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Richard J. Curran (January 4, 1838 -- June 1, 1915) was an Irish-American surgeon, army officer and U.S. Republican Party politician.	Richard J. Curran	Republican Party
member of political party	James Redfoord Bulwer MA, QC, JP (22 May 1820 -- 4 March 1899) was a Dublin-born lawyer and Member of the British Parliament supporting the Conservative Party: he represented Ipswich during the period of the Disraeli government from 1874 to 1880, and Cambridgeshire from 1881 to 1885.	James Redfoord Bulwer	Conservative Party
member of political party	Ira Hansen (born October 5, 1960) is an American politician and member of the Republican Party who has been a member of the Nevada State Assembly since 2011, representing district 32 in Northern Nevada.	Ira Hansen	Republican Party
member of political party	Åge Ramberg (born 28 September 1921 in Larvik, died 24 August 1991) was a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party.	Åge Ramberg	Christian Democratic Party
member of political party	Sean T. Kean (born May 21, 1963) is an American Republican Party politician, who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since being sworn into office on January 10, 2012, representing the 30th legislative district.	Sean T. Kean	Republican Party
member of political party	(John) William Ainsley (30 June 1898 -- 23 June 1976) was a British coal miner and Labour Party politician.	William Ainsley	Labour Party
member of political party	D. H. Shankaramurthy (Kannada:ಡಿ.ಹೆಚ್.ಶಂಕರಮೂರ್ತಿ) (born 30 April 1940) is an Indian politician and a senior leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Karnataka, India.	D. H. Shankaramurthy	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Bounnhang Vorachith (Lao: ບຸນຍັງ ວໍລະຈິດ; born August 15, 1937) is a Laotian politician who has been General Secretary of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party since 2016.	Bounnhang Vorachith	Lao People's Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Kedar Pandey (9 December 1920 -- 3 July 1996) was an Indian freedom fighter and Indian National Congress politician, who remained the Chief Minister of Bihar between March 1972 to July 1973 , Minister of Railways in Union Cabinet between 12 November 1980 to 14 January 1982 Government of India.	Kedar Pandey	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Gilbert Gledhill (22 May 1889 -- 2 September 1946) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom, and a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1931 to 1945.	Gilbert Gledhill	Conservative Party
member of political party	Pandelis Pouliopoulos (Greek: Παντελής Πουλιόπουλος; 10 March 1900, Thebes -- 6 June 1943, near Larissa) was a Greek communist and onetime general secretary of the Communist Party of Greece (KKE).	Pandelis Pouliopoulos	Communist Party of Greece
member of political party	Elżbieta Gelert (born 22 April 1955, in Gdańsk) is a Polish politician, representing Civic Platform.	Elżbieta Gelert	Civic Platform
member of political party	Mawlawi Mohammed Islam Mohammadi (1921 - January 26, 2007) was a Taliban governor and member of the National Assembly of Afghanistan.	Mohammed Islam Mohammadi	Taliban
member of political party	Christofer Olivius Ferslew (12 July 1874 -- 23 January 1940) was a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Conservative Party.	Christofer Olivius Ferslew	Conservative Party
member of political party	Westye Parr Egeberg (21 April 1877 -- 2 February 1959) was a Norwegian military officer, businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party.	Westye Parr Egeberg	Conservative Party
member of political party	Israel Maurice Edelman (2 March 1911 -- 14 December 1975) was a Wales-born British Labour Party politician and novelist who represented Coventry constituencies in the House of Commons for over 30 years.	Maurice Edelman	Labour Party
member of political party	James J. Galdieri (May 3, 1896 -- April 27, 1944) was an American Democratic Party politician from Jersey City who was elected to a single term representing portions of Hudson County in the New Jersey General Assembly.	James J. Galdieri	Democratic Party
member of political party	Tian Zhong is a full member of the 18th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.	Tian Zhong	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Lê Hồng Phong (1902-1942) was the second leader of the Communist Party of Vietnam (CPV); he led the party through the office of General Secretary of the Overseas Executive Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam.	Lê Hồng Phong	Communist Party of Vietnam
member of political party	Vassilis Leventis (Greek: Βασίλειος (Βασίλης) Λεβέντης, Greek pronunciation: (vaˌsiʎos vaˌsilis leˈvendis); born 1951 in Messene, Messenia) is a Greek politician, leader of the Greek centrist party, Union of Centrists (Ένωση Κεντρώων).	Vassilis Leventis	Union of Centrists
member of political party	Fredrik Schulte, born in 1981, is a Swedish politician and member of the Moderate Party.	Fredrik Schulte	Moderate Party
member of political party	In 1989 Zury Ríos joined the public relations department of the then newly created Guatemalan Republican Front in preparation for the 1990 presidential election.	Zury Ríos	Guatemalan Republican Front
member of political party	Carál Ní Chuilín MLA (born 18 December 1964, as Carol Cullen;) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician and former Provisional IRA member.	Carál Ní Chuilín	Sinn Féin
member of political party	Amineh Kakabaveh (born 1970) is a Swedish Left Party politician of Iranian Kurdish descent.	Amineh Kakabaveh	Left Party
member of political party	Ernest Mühlen (8 June 1926 -- 19 March 2014) was a Luxembourgish politician for the Christian Social People's Party, economist and financial journalist.	Ernest Mühlen	Christian Social People's Party
member of political party	R.Nallakannu is an Indian politician and also Senior Communist Party of India (CPI) leader.	Nallakannu	Communist Party of India
member of political party	John Leveson-Gower, 1st Earl Gower PC (10 August 1694 -- 25 December 1754), known as The Baron Gower from 1709 to 1746, was a British Tory politician from the Leveson-Gower family, one of the first Tories to enter government in the 18th century.	John Leveson-Gower, 1st Earl Gower	Tories
member of political party	Arsenio Farell Cubillas (June 30, 1921 -- May 15, 2005) was a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).	Arsenio Farell	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Kadambur R. Janarthanan (Born 22 October 1929) is a former union minister of India and a leader of All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK).	Kadambur R. Janarthanan	All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam
member of political party	Emily Taft Douglas (April 19, 1899 -- January 28, 1994) was a Democratic Party politician from the U.S. state of Illinois.	Emily Taft Douglas	Democratic Party
member of political party	Azeem Daultana (Urdu: عظیم دولتانہ‎; April 4, 1979 -- January 10, 2012) was a Pakistani politician from the Pakistan Peoples Party who served as a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan and parliamentary secretary for information.	Azeem Daultana	Pakistan Peoples Party
member of political party	Wilhelm Christian Suhrke (2 November 1863 -- 10 May 1950) was a Norwegian architect and politician for the Conservative Party.	Wilhelm Christian Suhrke	Conservative Party
member of political party	Khalid Naciri (Arabic: خالد الناصري‎ -- born 5 March 1946, Casablanca) is a Moroccan politician of the Party of Progress and Socialism.	Khalid Naciri	Party of Progress and Socialism
member of political party	Daniel Dougherty (October 15, 1826 -- September 5, 1892) was a Philadelphia lawyer involved in Democratic Party politics.	Daniel Dougherty	Democratic Party
member of political party	Guy Besse (25 November 1919 -- 16 February 2004) was a French philosopher and politician, a member of the executive of the French Communist Party (PCF).	Guy Besse	French Communist Party
member of political party	Fumio Abe (died 6 December 2006) was a Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) politician who served as state minister for Hokkaido and Okinawa development agencies.	Fumio Abe	Liberal Democratic Party
member of political party	Joel Danlami Ikenya (born 17 July 1962) is a Nigerian politician who was elected to represent the People's Democratic Party (PDP) as Senator for Taraba South in Taraba State in 2003.	Joel Danlami Ikenya	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	John Ellis Talbot (24 April 1906 -- 9 January 1967) was a British Building society manager, solicitor and Conservative Party politician.	John Ellis Talbot	Conservative Party
member of political party	Petra De Sutter (Oudenaarde, 10 June 1963) is a professor of gynaecology at Ghent University, head of the Department of Reproductive Medicine at Ghent University Hospital (UZ Gent) and a politician of the Green party.	Petra De Sutter	Green
member of political party	Jens Rohde (born 18 April 1970) is a Danish politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Danish Social Liberal Party.	Jens Rohde	Danish Social Liberal Party
member of political party	Chong Chieng Jen, (simplified Chinese: 张健仁; traditional Chinese: 張健仁; pinyin: Zhāng Jiàn Rén; born 12 February 1971), is a Malaysian lawyer and politician from the Democratic Action Party (DAP).	Chong Chieng Jen	Democratic Action Party
member of political party	Josy Dubié is a Belgian reporter, politician and a member of Ecolo.	Josy Dubié	Ecolo
member of political party	Manuel Alegre de Melo Duarte, GCL (born 12 May 1936) is a Portuguese poet and politician, member of the Socialist Party, and a candidate to the Portuguese presidential election, 2006.	Manuel Alegre	Socialist Party
member of political party	Mahinder Yadav was previously with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).	Mahinder Yadav	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Vishesh Ravi is an Indian politician and member of the Aam Aadmi Party.	Vishesh Ravi	Aam Aadmi Party
member of political party	Somsak Kiatsuranont (Thai: สมศักดิ์ เกียรติสุรนนท์; born 27 June 1954 in Khon Kaen) is a Thai politician (Pheu Thai Party).	Somsak Kiatsuranont	Pheu Thai Party
member of political party	Ahmad Babba Kaita is a member of the Nigerian House of Representatives, representing the Congress for Progressive Change in the Kankia/Ingawa/Kusada constituency of Katsina State, Nigeria.	Ahmad Babba Kaita	Congress for Progressive Change
member of political party	José Julio González Garza (born 2 April 1956) is a Mexican Business Administration, Economics and Especilalista in Political Science,He studied at the Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM ) Only has been politician affiliated to the National Action Party.	José Julio González Garza	National Action Party
member of political party	Ralph Jacobi AM (4 December 1928 -- 16 January 2002) was a long-serving Australian Labor Party representative for the South Australian Division of Hawker in the Australian House of Representatives.	Ralph Jacobi	Australian Labor Party
member of political party	Datuk Seri Prof. Dr. Abdullah Md Zin (born 2 August 1946) was the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Besut constituency in Terengganu from 2004 to 2013, sitting as a member of the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) in Malaysia's ruling Barisan Nasional coalition.	Abdullah Md Zin	United Malays National Organisation
member of political party	Koichi Hagiuda (萩生田光一 Hagiuda Kouichi, born August 31, 1963) is a Japanese politician, currently representing the 24th district (Hachiōji) of Tokyo in the House of Representatives of Japan as a member of the Liberal Democratic Party.	Koichi Hagiuda	Liberal Democratic Party
member of political party	Zhou Zijian (Chinese characters: 周子健; Hanyu Pinyin: Zhōu Zǐjiàn) (April 1, 1914 - March 24, 2003) was the governor and Communist Party of China Provincial Committee Secretary for Anhui Province in the People's Republic of China from 1982 to 1983.	Zhou Zijian	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Francisco José Millán Mon (born 8 March 1955) is a Spanish politician and Member of the European Parliament with the People's Party, part of the European People's Party.	Francisco José Millán Mon	People's Party
member of political party	Cuauhtémoc Sandoval Ramírez (August 14, 1950 -- February 22, 2012) was a Mexican politician, social anthropologist and founding member of the Party of the Democratic Revolution P.R.D. .	Cuauhtémoc Sandoval Ramírez	Party of the Democratic Revolution
member of political party	Annasaheb M. K. Patil (born 15 September 1939) is an Indian politician with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).	Annasaheb M. K. Patil	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Charles H. Boud (October 3, 1843 -- September 1, 1921) was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey, who served on the Monmouth County, New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders and the New Jersey General Assembly.	Charles H. Boud	Democratic Party
member of political party	Sylvia Lucas joined the African National Congress (ANC) as an ordinary branch member in 1992 From 1995 to 2000 Lucas served as a councillor for the //Khara Hais Local Municipality, in Upington, while serving in regional structures of the ANC in the area.	Sylvia Lucas	African National Congress
member of political party	Eibhlin Byrne is a former Fianna Fáil politician, and served as Lord Mayor of Dublin from 2008--09.	Eibhlin Byrne	Fianna Fáil
member of sports team	Nuri Şahin (Turkish pronunciation: (nuˈɾi ˈʃahin), born 5 September 1988) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund and the Turkey national football team.	Nuri Şahin	Borussia Dortmund	Turkey national football team
member of sports team	Daniel Bauer (born 17 October 1982 in Andernach, West Germany) is a former German footballer, and currently the assistant manager of Hannover 96 II.	Daniel Bauer	Hannover 96
member of sports team	On Friday 20 November 2015, rumours stated that Stelios Giannakopoulos is believed to have assembled a multi-national consortium to make an offer for the purchase of Bolton Wanderers F.C..	Stelios Giannakopoulos	Bolton Wanderers F.C.
member of sports team	Ryan Vinz (born June 30, 1985) is an American video technician, best known for his one-game ``cup of coffee'' on the active roster of the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League.	Ryan Vinz	Buffalo Sabres
member of sports team	Jaime Astrain Aguado (born 5 February 1988 in Madrid) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Jaén as a central defender.	Jaime Astrain	Real Jaén
member of sports team	Jayson Megna (born February 1, 1990) is an American professional ice hockey Forward currently playing within the New York Rangers organization of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Jayson Megna	New York Rangers
member of sports team	Mohamed Sherif is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Ismaily SC in the Egyptian League.	Mohamed Sherif	Ismaily SC
member of sports team	Niko Palonen is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Ässät of the SM-liiga.	Niko Palonen	Ässät
member of sports team	Igors Savčenkovs (born 3 November 1982 in Ventspils) is a Latvian professional football defender, currently playing for FK Jelgava in the Latvian Higher League.	Igors Savčenkovs	FK Jelgava
member of sports team	Stanley Nyazamba (born January 6, 1983 in Bulawayo) is a Zimbabwean footballer who currently plays for Richmond Kickers in the USL Professional Division.	Stanley Nyazamba	Richmond Kickers
member of sports team	Simon Gerrans (born 16 May 1980) is an Australian professional road bicycle racer, who currently rides for the Australian UCI ProTour team, Orica-- GreenEDGE.	Simon Gerrans	Orica-- GreenEDGE
member of sports team	Elvin Mammadov (Azerbaijani: Elvin Məmmədov; born on 18 July 1988) is an Azerbaijani footballer (attacking midfielder) playing currently for Zira FK and the Azerbaijan national football team.	Elvin Mammadov	Azerbaijan national football team
member of sports team	Courtney Hall (born August 26, 1968 in Los Angeles, California) is a former center and guard in the National Football League for the San Diego Chargers.	Courtney Hall	San Diego Chargers
member of sports team	Born in Osijek, SR Croatia, Zdravko Čakalić played with Red Star Belgrade, FK Teteks, FK Zemun and NK Osijek.	Zdravko Čakalić	FK Teteks
member of sports team	Paulo Autuori de Mello (born 25 August 1956) is a Brazilian football manager in charge of Japanese club Cerezo Osaka.	Paulo Autuori	Cerezo Osaka
member of sports team	Zoltán Kontár (born 7 November 1993) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays for FK Senica as a defender, on loan from FC Petržalka akadémia.	Zoltán Kontár	FK Senica
member of sports team	Bryan Olivera Calvo (born March 11, 1994) is a Uruguayan professional football player who plays as a midfielder for the LA Galaxy II in the United Soccer League on loan from Fluminense.	Bryan Olivera	LA Galaxy II
member of sports team	Christian Myklebust (born 11 March 1992 in Ålesund) is a Norwegian footballer who last played for Aalesunds FK.	Christian Myklebust	Aalesunds FK
member of sports team	Martin Straka (born September 3, 1972) is a retired Czech ice hockey centre who most recently played for HC Plzeň 1929 of the Czech Extraliga.	Martin Straka	HC Plzeň
member of sports team	Māris Smirnovs (born 2 June 1976 in Daugavpils) is a former Latvian football defender, currently the assistant manager of FK Ventspils, playing in the Latvian Higher League.	Māris Smirnovs	FK Ventspils
member of sports team	Antero Lehtonen (born April 12, 1954 in Tampere) is a Finnish former ice hockey player who played a season in the National Hockey League with the Washington Capitals during the 1979--80 NHL season.	Antero Lehtonen	Washington Capitals
member of sports team	José Ángel Gascón Martín (born 15 March 1985, in Gijón, Asturias) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Ontinyent CF as a midfielder.	José Ángel Gascón	Ontinyent CF
member of sports team	Serdar Aziz (born 23 October 1990) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Turkish club Bursaspor in the Süper Lig.	Serdar Aziz	Bursaspor
member of sports team	Ľubomír Kolník (born January 23, 1968 in Nitra, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak ice hockey player, who currently plays for HK 36 Skalica in the Slovak Extraliga.	Ľubomír Kolník	HK 36 Skalica
member of sports team	França moved to Japan subsequently, joining Kashiwa Reysol, experiencing one relegation and one promotion in his first two years and leaving the club in 2010, aged 34.	França	Kashiwa Reysol
member of sports team	Tomáš Strnad (born 8 December 1980) is a retired Czech football midfielder who last played for FC Hradec Králové.	Tomáš Strnad	FC Hradec Králové
member of sports team	Victor Gheorghiu (born 24 June 1992 in Chișinău) is a Moldovan international footballer playing for FC Milsami.	Victor Gheorghiu	FC Milsami
member of sports team	Ján Hrbek (born 17 September 1981) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club MŠK Žilina.	Ján Hrbek	MŠK Žilina
member of sports team	I Made Wirawan is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Persib Bandung in the Indonesia Super League as a goalkeeper.	I Made Wirawan	Persib Bandung
member of sports team	Joseph Oosting (born 29 January 1972 in Emmen) is a Dutch football manager and former player, who is currently the manager of Dutch Topklasse side WKE.	Joseph Oosting	WKE
member of sports team	Scott Dyson is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at representative level for Ireland, and at club level for Gateshead Thunder, as a Stand-off/Five-eighth.	Scott Dyson	Gateshead Thunder
member of sports team	Juan Edgardo Ramírez (born 25 May 1993) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Spanish club UD Almería, on loan from Colorado Rapids, as a midfielder.	Juan Edgardo Ramírez	UD Almería
member of sports team	Vernon Cooper (born 12 June 1977) is a former Welsh rugby union footballer, who played for the Scarlets in the Celtic League.	Vernon Cooper	Scarlets
member of sports team	Nguyễn Tuấn Phong (born 14 October 1981) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Midfielder for V-League (Vietnam) club Đồng Tâm Long An F.C..	Nguyễn Tuấn Phong	Đồng Tâm Long An F.C.
member of sports team	James Mark McBath, M.D. (born November 18, 1957) is a former American football player who started as quarterback for the Texas Longhorns in the late 1970s.	Mark McBath	Texas Longhorns
member of sports team	Iordanis Pechlivanidis (Greek: Ιορδάνης Πεχλιβανιδης; born 12 September 1986) is a footballer who plays for Anagennisi Epanomi F.C. in the Greek second division.	Iordanis Pechlivanidis	Anagennisi Epanomi F.C.
member of sports team	Vokhid Shodiev (born 9 November 1986) is an Uzbek footballer who plays as a Attacking Midfielder for Perak FA in the Malaysia Super League.	Vokhid Shodiev	Perak FA
member of sports team	Mario Turco (born 21 March 1956) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the East Fremantle Football Club in the West Australian Football League and for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Mario Turco	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Mohd Daudsu Jamaluddin (born 18 March 1985) is a Malaysian footballer who is currently a defender for Kelantan FA.	Mohd Daudsu Jamaluddin	Kelantan FA
member of sports team	Andrés Iniesta Luján (Spanish pronunciation: (anˈdɾes iˈnjesta luˈxan); born 11 May 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for FC Barcelona and the Spain national team.	Andrés Iniesta	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Malin Reuterwall (born 10 December 1990) is a Swedish football goalkeeper for Umeå IK of the Swedish Damallsvenskan.	Malin Reuterwall	Umeå IK
member of sports team	Vidar Martinsen (born 11 March 1982 in Råde) is a Norwegian footballer currently playing for Råde IL after eight seasons in the Norwegian Fredrikstad.	Vidar Martinsen	Råde IL
member of sports team	Karol Mackiewicz (born 1 June 1992) is a Polish footballer who plays as a left winger for Jagiellonia Białystok.	Karol Mackiewicz	Jagiellonia Białystok
member of sports team	Steven Lustü started his senior career with Næstved BK in the 1991--92 Superliga championship.	Steven Lustü	Næstved BK
member of sports team	Süleýman Muhadow (born December 24, 1993 in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan) is a professional Turkmen football player who played in FC Altyn Asyr and Turkmenistan national football team.	Süleýman Muhadow	FC Altyn Asyr
member of sports team	Lennox Bacela (born 13 April 1983 in Knysna, Western Cape) is a South African football (soccer) player who plays as a striker for Orlando Pirates in the Premier Soccer League.	Lennox Bacela	Orlando Pirates
member of sports team	Rachel Shelina Israel, also known as Shelly Israel, is an Israeli football defender currently playing for Israeli First League for ASA Tel Aviv University, with which she has also played in the Champions League.	Rachel Shelina Israel	ASA Tel Aviv University
member of sports team	Nicolas Delporte (born 1 January 1993) is a Belgian professional footballer, who currently plays as a Wing-back for Oud-Heverlee Leuven in the Belgian Pro League.	Nicolas Delporte	Oud-Heverlee Leuven
member of sports team	Roman Artemuk (Ukrainian: Роман Артемук; born 12 August 1995 in Novovolynsk, Volyn Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Bohemians 1905 in the Czech First League.	Roman Artemuk	Bohemians 1905
member of sports team	Georgios Kantimiris (Greek: Γεώργιος Καντιμοίρης; born 19 September 1982 in Rhodos), is a Greek footballer who now plays for Veria F.C. in the Superleague Greece, as a Goalkeeper.	Georgios Kantimiris	Veria F.C.
member of sports team	Ignjac Krešić (born 19 October 1966) is a Croatian footballer who played as a goalkeeper, mostly for Dynamo Dresden.	Ignjac Krešić	Dynamo Dresden
member of sports team	Diego Alves Carreira (born 24 June 1985), known as Diego Alves, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Valencia CF as a goalkeeper.	Diego Alves	Valencia CF
member of sports team	Jacob Anstey (born 27 January 1978) is a former professional Australian rules footballer from the Australian Capital Territory who played for Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Jacob Anstey	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Alistair Smith (born 8 August 1990) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Alistair Smith	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Paul Adrian Devine (born December 2, 1951) was a Major League Baseball pitcher from 1973 to 1980 for the Atlanta Braves and Texas Rangers.	Adrian Devine	Atlanta Braves	Texas Rangers
member of sports team	Brett Delaney (born 26 October 1985) is an Australian Rugby League player for the Leeds Rhinos in the Super League.	Brett Delaney	Leeds Rhinos
member of sports team	On March 19, 2008, the Chicago Blackhawks honoured Esposito with ``Tony Esposito Night'', where he was formally introduced as an Ambassador to the Blackhawks organization.	Tony Esposito	Chicago Blackhawks
member of sports team	Mike Petke (born January 30, 1976) is a former American soccer player who also served as the head coach of New York Red Bulls in Major League Soccer.	Mike Petke	New York Red Bulls
member of sports team	Nim Lepcha (born 1 November 1989 Dzongu, Sikkim) is an Indian footballer who plays as a midfielder for United Sikkim F.C. in the I-League.	Nim Lepcha	United Sikkim F.C.
member of sports team	Fernando Silva dos Santos (born 18 May 1991) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Turkish club Şanlıurfaspor.	Fernando Silva dos Santos	Şanlıurfaspor
member of sports team	Oh Jae-suk (Korean: 오재석; born 4 January 1990) is a South Korean football player who currently plays as defender for Gamba Osaka in the J. League Division 1.	Oh Jae-suk	Gamba Osaka
member of sports team	Labros Kefaloukos (Greek: Λάμπρος Κεφαλούκος; born 31 March 1982) is a former professional footballer who played as a defender for several clubs in Greece, including stints with OFI Crete and Ergotelis F.C. in the Alpha Ethniki.	Labros Kefaloukos	OFI Crete
member of sports team	Paul Gause (born February 18, 1986) is a professional basketball player for the Newcastle Eagles in the British Basketball League (BBL).	Paul Gause	Newcastle Eagles
member of sports team	Kang Sang-woo (Hangul: 강상우; Hanja: 姜祥佑; born 7 October 1993)is a South Korean football Midfielder who plays for Pohang Steelers in K League and the South Korea national under-20 football team.	Kang Sang-woo	Pohang Steelers
member of sports team	Troels Rasmussen (born 7 April 1961) is a Danish former football (soccer) player, who played as a goalkeeper for Danish clubs Vejle Boldklub and AGF.	Troels Rasmussen	Vejle Boldklub
member of sports team	Lauri Pirhonen, born 3 July 1984, is a Finnish footballer goalkeeper currently playing for FC Jazz in the Finnish second tier Ykkönen.	Lauri Pirhonen	FC Jazz
member of sports team	'Ian Madigan' (born 21 March 1989) is an Irish professional rugby union player for Flynns FC, Leinster Rugby and Ireland.	Ian Madigan	Leinster Rugby
member of sports team	Liam Neale (14 October 1989) is an English rugby union player, who played as openside flanker for Northampton Saints.	Liam Neale	Northampton Saints
member of sports team	Panagiotis Konstantinopoulos (Greek: Παναγιώτης Κωνσταντινόπουλος; born 5 September 1995) is a professional footballer, currently playing for Panetolikos F.C..	Panagiotis Konstantinopoulos	Panetolikos F.C.
member of sports team	Moritz Nebel (born 25 October 1991) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Augsburg II in the Regionalliga Bayern.	Moritz Nebel	FC Augsburg
member of sports team	Salvatore Perugini (born 6 March 1978 in Benevento) is an Italian rugby union player, currently playing for Aironi in the RaboDirect Pro12 club competition.	Salvatore Perugini	Aironi
member of sports team	Marko Zorić (Serbian Cyrillic: Mapкo Зopић ; born July 10, 1980 in Zrenjanin) is a retired Serbian footballer who last played for FK Banat Zrenjanin.	Marko Zorić	FK Banat Zrenjanin
member of sports team	Jacob Barrett Laursen (born 17 November 1994) is a Danish footballer who plays as a left back for Danish Superliga side Odense Boldklub on loan from Juventus.	Jacob Barrett Laursen	Odense Boldklub
member of sports team	Daníel Leó Grétarsson is an Icelandic footballer who plays for Aalesunds FK as a defender.	Daníel Leó Grétarsson	Aalesunds FK
member of sports team	Choi Yong-soo (born September 10, 1973) is a former professional footballer and current manager of FC Seoul.	Choi Yong-soo	FC Seoul
member of sports team	Sebastian Janikowski (Polish pronunciation: (sɛˈbastjan janiˈkɔfskʲi); born March 2, 1978) is a Polish American football placekicker for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL).	Sebastian Janikowski	Oakland Raiders
member of sports team	Kirby Myhill (born 5 February 1992) is a Welsh rugby union rugby player currently playing at Hooker for Llanelli RFC and the Scarlets regional team having progressed through the Scarlets academy.	Kirby Myhill	Scarlets
member of sports team	Antonio Marín Molina (born 17 June 1996) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Almería B. Mainly a right back, he can also play as a central defender.	Antonio Marín Molina	UD Almería
member of sports team	Coşkun Ekim (born 17 November 1991 in Tottenham, London) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays for 1461 Trabzon on loan from Trabzonspor.	Coşkun Ekim	Trabzonspor
member of sports team	Chris Fouch (born December 3, 1990) is an American basketball player who currently plays for BK Iskra Svit.	Chris Fouch	BK Iskra Svit
member of sports team	Muhammad Hargianto (born 24 July 1996) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Persebaya Surabaya in the Indonesia Super League as a midfielder.	Muhammad Hargianto	Persebaya Surabaya
member of sports team	Patrick Gbala born June 12, 1993) is a Ivorian football player for Al-Fateh SC .	Patrick Gbala	Al-Fateh SC
member of sports team	Cory Larose (born May 14, 1975 in Campbellton, New Brunswick) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played seven games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the New York Rangers during the 2003--04 season.	Cory Larose	New York Rangers
member of sports team	Emanuel King (born August 15, 1963) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for four seasons for the Cincinnati Bengals and two seasons for the Los Angeles Raiders.	Emanuel King	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Johan Grebongo (born January 18, 1994) is a Central African professional basketball player who currently plays for BCM Gravelines of the LNB Pro A.	Johan Grebongo	BCM Gravelines
member of sports team	Mikhail Nikolayevich Semyonov (Russian: Михаил Николаевич Семенов; born April 3, 1969) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player who manages FC Smena Komsomolsk-na-Amure.	Mikhail Nikolayevich Semyonov	FC Smena Komsomolsk-na-Amure
member of sports team	David Štich (born 15 April 1989 in Plzeň) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays with HC Vítkovice Steel in the Czech Extraliga.	David Štich	HC Vítkovice Steel
member of sports team	Sameh Maraaba (born 19 March 1992) is a Palestinian association footballer who currently plays for Hilal Al-Quds Club as a striker in the West Bank Premier League, and for the Palestine national team.	Sameh Maraaba	Hilal Al-Quds
member of sports team	Siphelele Ntshangase (born 11 May 1993) is a South African football (soccer) player who plays for Black Leopards F.C..	Siphelele Ntshangase	Black Leopards F.C.
member of sports team	Joe Poplawski (born August 2, 1957) is a former professional Canadian football receiver for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the Canadian Football League (CFL) from 1978 to 1986.	Joe Poplawski	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Russell Stuvaints, (born August 28, 1980) is an American football defensive back for Team Arkansas of the All American Football League, and formerly for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League.	Russell Stuvaints	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Trevor Lynn Powis (born July 7, 1949) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 130 games in the National Hockey League for the Kansas City Scouts and Chicago Black Hawks.	Lynn Powis	Kansas City Scouts
member of sports team	Sulayman Marreh (born 15 January 1996) is a Gambian footballer who plays for Spanish club Granada CF B as a defensive midfielder or central defender.	Sulayman Marreh	Granada CF
member of sports team	Andy Dawson is the older brother of current Hull City A.F.C. player Michael Dawson.	Andy Dawson	Hull City A.F.C.
member of sports team	Jarrad Waite (born 4 February 1983) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Jarrad Waite	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Jarret Davis (born June 17, 1989) is a Belizean professional footballer currently playing for Verdes FC as a striker.	Jarret Davis	Verdes FC
member of sports team	Duke Fergerson (born April 21, 1954 in Boise, Idaho) is a former professional American football wide receiver who played in four National Football League seasons from 1977-1980 for the Seattle Seahawks and the Buffalo Bills.	Duke Fergerson	Seattle Seahawks	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Irv Daymond (born October 9, 1962 in St. Thomas, Ontario) is a former offensive lineman who played ten seasons for the Ottawa Rough Riders of the Canadian Football League.	Irv Daymond	Ottawa Rough Riders
member of sports team	Jajang Sukmara Is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Persib Bandung in the Indonesia Super League.	Jajang Sukmara	Persib Bandung
member of sports team	Perlat Musta spent almost his entire career at Partizani Tirana, excepting three seasons, when he played for Dinamo Bucureşti and Progresul Bucureşti in Romania.	Perlat Musta	Partizani Tirana
member of sports team	Bajram Nebihi (born 5 August 1988) is a German professional footballer of Kosovar ancestry who plays for Stuttgarter Kickers.	Bajram Nebihi	Stuttgarter Kickers
member of sports team	Muhammet Beşir (born 1 January 1997) is a Turkish professional football player, as of 2015, who plays for Trabzonspor in the Süper Lig.	Muhammet Beşir	Trabzonspor
member of sports team	After living in school dormitory for the first semester, Chan Yuk Chi moved back home for the rest of his university time, as it was more convenient to attend the Tai Po FC training sessions held in Tai Po.	Chan Yuk Chi	Tai Po FC
member of sports team	Darren Jamieson (born 15 February 1991) is a Scottish professional footballer, currently playing as a goalkeeper for Livingston F.C. in the SPFL.	Darren Jamieson	Livingston F.C.
member of sports team	Tonny Roy Ayomi (born 2 August 1991) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Perseru Serui in the Indonesia Super League.	Tonny Roy Ayomi	Perseru Serui
member of sports team	Thomas Goiginger (born 15 March 1993) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays for SV Grödig, as a midfielder.	Thomas Goiginger	SV Grödig
member of sports team	Joan Tomàs Campasol (born 17 May 1985), known as Joan Tomàs, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for AEK Larnaca F.C. in Cyprus.	Joan Tomàs Campasol	AEK Larnaca F.C.
member of sports team	Eric Komeng is a Papua New Guinean footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for PRK Hekari United.	Eric Komeng	PRK Hekari United
member of sports team	Jonathan Roufosse (born 10 April 1985) is a French footballer who plays as an Attacking midfielder for Paris FC.	Jonathan Roufosse	Paris FC
member of sports team	Abhishek Yadav (born 10 June 1980) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as striker for Mumbai F.C. in the I-League.	Abhishek Yadav	Mumbai F.C.
member of sports team	Moisés San Nicolás is an Andorran footballer who plays as a centre back, right back or right midfielder for FC Lusitanos in the Primera Divisió.	Moisés San Nicolás	FC Lusitanos
member of sports team	Luis Felippe Martins Reis (born 18 September 1996), known as Luis Felippe, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Spanish club RCD Mallorca B on loan from Grêmio as a forward.	Luis Felippe Martins Reis	RCD Mallorca B
member of sports team	Karsten Johansen (born 11 April 1981) is a Danish professional football forward, who currently plays for the Danish 1st Division side Næstved BK.	Karsten Johansen	Næstved BK
member of sports team	Mike Lindstrom (born April 23, 1981 in Chilliwack, British Columbia) is a former professional Canadian football receiver who most recently played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Mike Lindstrom	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Bobby Owen is a footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Bury, Manchester City, Swansea City, Carlisle United, Northampton Town, Workington and Doncaster Rovers.	Bobby Owen	Doncaster Rovers
member of sports team	Darren Brady (born 11 April 1981 in Glasgow) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Pollok F.C.	Darren Brady	Pollok F.C.
member of sports team	Hosny Abd Rabo Abdel Mottaleb Ibrahim (Arabic: حسني عبد ربه عبد المطلب إبراهيم‎) (born on 1 November 1984 in Ismaïlia, Egypt) is an Egyptian footballer, who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Ismaily SC.	Hosny Abd Rabo	Ismaily SC
member of sports team	Dmytro Hryshko (born 2 December 1985, in Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian First League.	Dmytro Hryshko	FC Olimpik Donetsk
member of sports team	Bernhard Starkbaum (born February 19, 1986) is an Austrian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for Brynäs IF of the Swedish Hockey League.	Bernhard Starkbaum	Brynäs IF
member of sports team	Dan Wicklum (born 28 February 1965 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a former Canadian Football League (CFL) football player who played for four seasons with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and the Calgary Stampeders.	Dan Wicklum	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Hans Pienitz (born January 27, 1988) is an American professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for EHC Basel of the Swiss National League B (NLB).	Hans Pienitz	EHC Basel
member of sports team	Danilo full name José Marcio Danilo Pereira da Silva (born 21 January 1989) is a Brazilian footballer, who currently plays for Ituano Futebol Clube.	Danilo Pereira da Silva	Ituano Futebol Clube
member of sports team	Juan Carlos Henao Valencia, usually known as Juan Carlos Henao (born December 30, 1971), is a Colombian football (soccer) goalkeeper currently playing for Once Caldas of Colombia.	Juan Carlos Henao	Once Caldas
member of sports team	Carlos Ledesma (born 18 January 1964) is a retired Argentina footballer spent part of the 1998 season with Major League Soccer club MetroStars, on loan from the Long Island Rough Riders.	Carlos Ledesma	Long Island Rough Riders
member of sports team	Grzegorz Fonfara (born June 8, 1983 in Katowice) is a Polish footballer (defender) who currently plays for GKS Katowice.	Grzegorz Fonfara	GKS Katowice
member of sports team	In the 2008 summer Yordi left Xerez and signed for another side in the region, Córdoba CF (also in the second tier), retiring at the end of the season at the age of 34.	Yordi	Córdoba CF
member of sports team	Christos Wheeler is a Cypriot professional footballer who plays for Apollon Limassol as a defender.	Christos Wheeler	Apollon Limassol
member of sports team	Rhys McWilliams (born 29 November 1985, Birmingham, England) is an English professional ice hockey player, currently playing with the Coventry Blaze organisation at ENIHL level.	Rhys McWilliams	Coventry Blaze
member of sports team	Rui Jorge Farto Correia (born 23 August 1990 in Chaves) is a Portuguese talented footballer who plays for C.D. Nacional at Primeira Liga, as a defensive midfielder or defender.	Rui Jorge Farto Correia	C.D. Nacional
member of sports team	Barry Goodingham (born 9 May 1945) was a regular first ruckman for the North Melbourne Football Club and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 60s and early 70s.	Barry Goodingham	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Dorjan Bubeqi (born 26 October 1978) is a retired Albanian footballer who currently serves as manager of Besa Kavajë in the Albanian First Division.	Dorjan Bubeqi	Besa Kavajë
member of sports team	Kempei Usui (碓井 健平, born May 15, 1987) is a Japanese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Shimizu S-Pulse in the J. League Division 1.	Kempei Usui	Shimizu S-Pulse
member of sports team	Mary-Frances Monroe (born 7 February 1980, in West Islip, New York) was an American soccer midfielder playing for Boston Breakers of Women's Professional Soccer and was a former member of the United States women's national soccer team.	Mary-Frances Monroe	Boston Breakers
member of sports team	Edmund Białas (August 15, 1919 in Poznań -- July 24, 1991 in Poznań) was a Polish football player who played and coached Lech Poznań.	Edmund Białas	Lech Poznań
member of sports team	James Singh (born 1 March 1985) is an Indian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Guwahati F.C. in the I-League 2nd Division.	James Singh	Guwahati F.C.
member of sports team	Jens Ramme (born August 2, 1963 in Halberstadt) is a German former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Dynamo Dresden.	Jens Ramme	Dynamo Dresden
member of sports team	Dirk Kuyt (Dutch: Dirk Kuijt; Dutch pronunciation: (ˈdɪrk ˈkœy̆t); born 22 July 1980) is a Dutch footballer who plays for Feyenoord.	Dirk Kuyt	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Ozan Papaker (born 10 July 1996) is a Turkish footballer who plays for TFF Second League club Tuzlaspor on loan from Turkish Süper Lig club Çaykur Rizespor.	Ozan Papaker	Tuzlaspor
member of sports team	Maxime Baca (born 2 June 1983 in Corbeil-Essonnes, Essonne) is a French footballer who currently plays as a defender for Ligue 1 side En Avant de Guingamp.	Maxime Baca	En Avant de Guingamp
member of sports team	Fredrik Haugen (born 13 June 1992 in Bergen) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for SK Brann as a midfielder.	Fredrik Haugen	SK Brann
member of sports team	Jean-Jacques Bougouhi (born 12 June 1992 in Bingerville) is an Ivorian football player who plays for FC Torpedo Armavir.	Jean-Jacques Bougouhi	FC Torpedo Armavir
member of sports team	Pele Koljonen (born 25 July 1988) is a Finnish football player currently playing for MYPA.	Pele Koljonen	MYPA
member of sports team	Mate Pehar (born 25 February 1988 in Čapljina) is a Croatian football player.In his professional career he played for NK Neretva, NK Neretvanac Opuzen, RNK Split and NK Široki Brijeg.	Mate Pehar	NK Neretva
member of sports team	Alan Jarrott (born 17 August 1956) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the North Melbourne Football Club and Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alan Jarrott	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Sondre Jensen debuted for SK Brann in the Norwegian Premier League in 1990 and were capped five times for the club in 1990 and 1991.	Sondre Jensen	SK Brann
member of sports team	Eugene Edgerson (born February 10, 1978 in New Orleans, Louisiana ) is an American basketball player who presently performs with the Harlem Globetrotters.	Eugene Edgerson	Harlem Globetrotters
member of sports team	Lyudmil Nikolov (Bulgarian: Людмил Николов) (born 27 August 1984) is a Bulgarian football player, who plays for Brestnik 1948 as a defender.	Lyudmil Nikolov	Brestnik 1948
member of sports team	2007-2008 Mustafa Karim join the Egyptian giant club Ismaily SC Voted as best Foreign player in Egyptian Premier League 2007.	Mustafa Karim	Ismaily SC
member of sports team	John Schuhmacher (born September 23, 1955 in Salem, Oregon) is a former professional American football player who played offensive lineman for six seasons for the Houston Oilers.	John Schuhmacher	Houston Oilers
member of sports team	Ane Bergara Artieda is a Spanish football defender, currently playing for FC Barcelona in Spain's Primera División.She previously played for SD Lagunak RCD Espanyol and Real Sociedad.	Ane Bergara	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Chris Fortey (born 25 August 1975 in Gloucester) is a retired English rugby union player for Worcester Warriors in the Aviva Premiership.	Chris Fortey	Worcester Warriors
member of sports team	Harald Nielsen was born in Frederikshavn and started his footballing career in hometown club Frederikshavn fI, where he debuted in the second-highest Danish league in March 1959.	Harald Nielsen	Frederikshavn fI
member of sports team	Enrique Romo Navarro (born July 15, 1947 in Santa Rosalía, Baja California Sur, Mexico) is a former relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Seattle Mariners (1977--78) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1979--82).	Enrique Romo	Seattle Mariners	Pittsburgh Pirates
member of sports team	Chris Rodd signed for the New York Cosmos in June 2013.	Chris Rodd	New York Cosmos
member of sports team	Frank Harley (29 June 1895 -- 14 December 1978) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL between 1915 and 1917 and then from 1919 to 1925 for the Richmond Football Club.	Frank Harley	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Troy Westwood (born March 21, 1967; raised in Dauphin, Manitoba) is a former professional Canadian football place kicker and punter who played 18 years for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.	Troy Westwood	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Ayoze García Pérez (born 22 November 1985), known simply as Ayoze, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for North American club New York Cosmos mostly as a left back.	Ayoze García	New York Cosmos
member of sports team	Maxime Daigneault (born January 23, 1984) is a professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for the Windsor Wild of the LNAH.	Maxime Daigneault	Windsor Wild
member of sports team	Claudio Centurión (born July 21, 1983 in Concepción, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for Nacional Potosí of the Primera División in Bolivia.	Claudio Centurión	Nacional Potosí
member of sports team	Michael Berne is an Australian rugby player who played as centre for Leinster Rugby in 2007--2008.	Michael Berne	Leinster Rugby
member of sports team	Charlie Amesbury (born 8 April 1986 in Portsmouth) is a rugby union footballer who plays on the wing or full back for Bristol Rugby in the RFU Championship, where he previously played Sale Sharks and Newcastle Falcons from the Aviva Premiership.	Charlie Amesbury	Newcastle Falcons
member of sports team	Rodrigo Domingos dos Santos or simply Rodrigo Paraná (born January 25, 1987 in Nossa Senhora do Livramento), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an striker for V-Varen Nagasaki in the Japann professional league, J2 League.	Rodrigo Paraná	V-Varen Nagasaki
member of sports team	Dominic Pürcher (born 24 June 1988 in Schladming) is an Austrian footballer who plays for SC Austria Lustenau.	Dominic Pürcher	SC Austria Lustenau
member of sports team	Abdenour Hadiouche (born December 30, 1984 in Bouïra) is an Algerian football player who plays for JS Kabylie in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Abdenour Hadiouche	JS Kabylie
member of sports team	Dame Diop (born 15 February 1993) is a professional Senegalese football midfielder currently playing for SK Slavia Prague.	Dame Diop	SK Slavia Prague
member of sports team	Bill Gratton (born February 29, 1948 in Brantford, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played six games in the World Hockey Association with the Calgary Cowboys during the 1975--76 season.	Bill Gratton	Calgary Cowboys
member of sports team	Nino Pasikashvili (born December 4, 1991) is a Georgian football defender currently playing for Adana İdmanyurduspor in the Turkish First League, and the Georgian national team.	Nino Pasikashvili	Adana İdmanyurduspor
member of sports team	Yaya Darlaine Coulibaly is a Burkina Faso professional footballer, who plays as a Defender for ASFA Yennenga and the Burkina Faso national football team.	Yaya Darlaine Coulibaly	ASFA Yennenga
member of sports team	Recruited from the Cape Town based club Hellenic F.C. at age 15 by TSV 1860 München, Lance Davids is a youth product of the Bavarian club to which he transferred in 2001.	Lance Davids	Hellenic F.C.
member of sports team	Carl Engström (born September 26, 1991) is a Swedish professional basketball player who is currently playing for the Södertälje Kings of the Basketligan.	Carl Engström	Södertälje Kings
member of sports team	Laldingngheta made his professional debut for Rangdajied United F.C. in the I-League against Prayag United at the Salt Lake Stadium on 22 September 2013 in which he came on in the 72nd minute for Pratik Chaudhari as Rangdajied United lost 0--2.	Laldingngheta	Rangdajied United F.C.
member of sports team	Mirosław Dębiec , born February 14, 1987 in Mielec) is a Polish football goalkeeper, who currently plays for Polonia Słubice and the Poland national under-21 football team.	Mirosław Dębiec	Polonia Słubice
member of sports team	Dimitrios Angelopoulos (Greek: Δημήτριος Αγγελόπουλος, born 14 December 1993) is a Greek professional footballer as a goalkeeper who plays for Härnösands FF on loan from Iraklis Psachna F.C..	Dimitrios Angelopoulos	Härnösands FF
member of sports team	Paul Emblen (born 3 April 1976) is an English former professional footballer who played for Tonbridge Angels, Charlton Athletic, Brighton & Hove Albion and Wycombe Wanderers.	Paul Emblen	Wycombe Wanderers
member of sports team	Juan Pablo Montes Montes (born 26 October 1985 in Sulaco, Yoro, Honduras) is a Honduran football player who currently plays as a defender for C.D. Motagua in the Honduran Liga Nacional.	Juan Pablo Montes	C.D. Motagua
member of sports team	Gu Sung-yun (Korean: 구성윤, born 27 June 1994) is a South Korean professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Japanese club Consadole Sapporo.	Gu Sung-yun	Consadole Sapporo
member of sports team	Angus O'Brien (born 17 September 1994) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Newport Gwent Dragons regional team as a fly-half having previously played for Cross Keys RFC.	Angus O'Brien	Newport Gwent Dragons
member of sports team	Lukas Kiefer (born 25 April 1993) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1. FC Saarbrücken.	Lukas Kiefer	1. FC Saarbrücken
member of sports team	Yohann Sangaré (born April 5, 1983) is a French professional basketball who currently plays ASVEL Basket of the LNB Pro A.	Yohann Sangaré	ASVEL Basket
member of sports team	Ngoy Bomboko joined Azerbaijani Premier League side Gabala FC on loan for the first half of the 2007-08 season, scoring 4 goals in 11 appearances.	Ngoy Bomboko	Gabala FC
member of sports team	Emiliano Buendía Stati (American Spanish: (emi'ljano βwen'di.a); born 25 December 1996), commonly known as Emi, is an Argentine footballer who plays for Getafe CF as a forward.	Emiliano Buendía	Getafe CF
member of sports team	Lasse Kryger (born 3 November 1982) is a Danish professional football midfielder, who currently plays for the Danish club AC Horsens.	Lasse Kryger	AC Horsens
member of sports team	Aleksandar Brđanin (Serbian Cyrillic: Aлександар Брђанин, born January 18, 1981) is a Bosnian Serb football striker playing with FK Vršac in the Serbian League Vojvodina.	Aleksandar Brđanin	FK Vršac
member of sports team	Bojan Lazić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бojaн Лaзић ; born May 13, 1974 in Kruševac) is a professional Serbian football player who plays for Soproni VSE in the Hungarian 2nd division.	Bojan Lazić	Soproni VSE
member of sports team	Zheng Jianfeng (Chinese: 郑剑锋; pinyin: Zhèng Jiànfēng; born 22 March 1989 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a defender for C.D. Aves in the Segunda Liga.	Zheng Jianfeng	C.D. Aves
member of sports team	Miroslav Latiak (born 19 March 1981) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays as a forward for MFK Tatran Liptovský Mikuláš of the Slovak Slovak 2.	Miroslav Latiak	MFK Tatran Liptovský Mikuláš
member of sports team	Yunus Mallı (born 24 February 1992) is a Turkish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Bundesliga club 1. FSV Mainz 05 and the Turkish national team.	Yunus Mallı	1. FSV Mainz 05
member of sports team	Matthew Allwood (born 16 November 1992) is an Indigenous Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the New Zealand Warriors in the National Rugby League.	Matthew Allwood	New Zealand Warriors
member of sports team	Elias Yfantis (Greek: Ηλίας Υφαντής; born 1936) is a veteran international Greek football player and was a key member of Olympiacos F.C. during the 1950s and 1960s.	Elias Yfantis	Olympiacos F.C.
member of sports team	Alassane Diallo (19 February 1995) is a Malian professional football player who currently plays for K.V.C. Westerlo, on loan from Standard Liège.	Alassane Diallo	K.V.C. Westerlo
member of sports team	Radhi Shenaishil Swadi (Arabic: راضي شنيشل سوادي‎; born 11 August 1966) is a former Iraqi footballer and current coach who last managed Qatar SC.	Radhi Shenaishil	Qatar SC
member of sports team	Melvin Zaalman (born June 17, 1988 in Rotterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer who made his Eerste Divisie league debut for club FC Dordrecht during the 2009--2010 season.	Melvin Zaalman	FC Dordrecht
member of sports team	Jürgen Raeymaeckers (born 3 May 1985) is a Belgian football striker who currently plays for K. Lyra T.S.V. in the lower leagues of Belgian football.	Jürgen Raeymaeckers	K. Lyra T.S.V.
member of sports team	Geoff Spring (20 April 1925 -- 3 October 1997) was an Australian rules football player who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in between 1948 and 1957 for the Richmond Football Club.	Geoff Spring	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Sam Tomkins (born 23 March 1989) is an English professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Wigan Warriors in the Super League.	Sam Tomkins	Wigan Warriors
member of sports team	Miljan Vukadinović (born 27 December 1992) is a professional Serbian football winger currently playing for SK Slavia Prague on loan from FK Mladá Boleslav.	Miljan Vukadinović	SK Slavia Prague
member of sports team	Gautam Kalpoe (born 19 Sep 1991, Rotterdam) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a Defender for Willem II in the Eerste Divisie .	Gautam Kalpoe	Willem II
member of sports team	Leon Draisaitl (born October 27, 1995) is a German ice hockey forward, currently playing for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Leon Draisaitl	Edmonton Oilers
member of sports team	Zdeněk Klesnil (born 28 October 1986 in Kroměříž) is a Czech football striker who currently plays for the Gambrinus liga club SK Sigma Olomouc.	Zdeněk Klesnil	SK Sigma Olomouc
member of sports team	Oualid El Hamdaoui (born 5 February 1993 in Bagnols-sur-Cèze) is a French born Moroccan professional footballer, who currently plays for COD Meknès.	Oualid El Hamdaoui	COD Meknès
member of sports team	Carlos Gael Acosta Zavala (born March 26, 1992 in Los Mochis, Sinaloa) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Mexican club C.F. Monterrey.	Gael Acosta	C.F. Monterrey
mother	Margaret Webster was born in New York City, the daughter of two famous actors, Ben Webster and Dame May Whitty.	Margaret Webster	May Whitty
mother	Liezl Martinez (March 27, 1967 - March 14, 2015), born as Anna Lisa Sumilang to actress Amalia Fuentes and actor Romeo Vasquez, was an actress in the Philippines where she was known by her screen names Liezl and Anna-Lisa.	Liezl Martinez	Amalia Fuentes
mother	Bertha of Savoy was a daughter of Count Otto of Savoy (also called Eudes and Odo) and his wife Adelaide of Susa from the Arduinici noble family.	Bertha of Savoy	Adelaide of Susa
mother	Prince Alexander von Fürstenberg (born Alexandre Egon Prinz zu Fürstenberg, January 25, 1970) is the son of fashion designers Diane von Fürstenberg and Prince Egon von Fürstenberg.	Alexander von Fürstenberg	Diane von Fürstenberg
mother	Annia Aurelia Fadilla, most commonly known as Fadilla (159-died after 211) was an influential Roman Princess and was one of the daughters born to Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius and Roman Empress Faustina the Younger.	Fadilla	Faustina the Younger
mouth of the watercourse	The Khlong Kui drains into the Gulf of Thailand from the Malay Peninsula in Thailand.	Khlong Kui	Gulf of Thailand
mouth of the watercourse	The Panke is a small river in Brandenburg and Berlin, a right tributary of the Spree.	Panke	Spree
mouth of the watercourse	The Bemboka River, a perennial stream of the Bega River catchment, is located in the Monaro and South Coast regions of New South Wales, Australia.	Bemboka River	Bega River
mouth of the watercourse	The Logon or Logone River is a major tributary of the Chari River.	Logone River	Chari River
mouth of the watercourse	Kräppladiket is one of the four inflow rivers of Lake Magelungen in southern Stockholm, Sweden.	Kräppladiket	Magelungen
named after	Hasse diagrams are named after Helmut Hasse (1898--1979); according to Birkhoff (1948), they are so called because of the effective use Hasse made of them.	Hasse diagram	Helmut Hasse
named after	The Società Navigazione del Lago di Lugano or Lake Lugano Navigation Company (SNL) is a Swiss company operating passenger services on Lake Lugano.	Società Navigazione del Lago di Lugano	Lake Lugano
named after	The earliest surviving recorded mention of Solikamsk, initially as ``Usolye-na-Kamskom'' (Усолье на Камском) dates from 1430, in connection with the discovery and exploitation by miners and merchants, probably from Vologda, of massive salt deposits on the banks of the Usolka River.	Solikamsk	salt
named after	Bartholin's glands were first described in the 17th century by the Danish anatomist Caspar Bartholin the Younger (1655--1738).	Bartholin's gland	Caspar Bartholin the Younger
named after	Engineer Georg Knorr established Knorr-Bremse GmbH in 1905 in Boxhagen-Rummelsburg, Neue Bahnhofstraße, near Berlin (since 1920 part of Berlin-Friedrichshain).	Knorr-Bremse	Georg Knorr
occupation	Michael Malarkey (born in June 21, 1983) is a British-American actor and singer best known for his role as Enzo in the series The Vampire Diaries.	Michael Malarkey	actor	singer
occupation	Camille West is an American satirical folk singer-songwriter.	Camille West	singer	songwriter
occupation	Anupam Amod (Hindi: अनुपम अमोद) is an Indian playback singer.	Anupam Amod	singer
occupation	J. Milton Dyer (April 22, 1870 -- May 27, 1957) was a prominent Cleveland, Ohio architect.	J. Milton Dyer	architect
occupation	Nomfusi is a South African singer and performer of Afro-Soul music.	Nomfusi	singer
occupation	Thomas Y. Drake (June 28, 1936 -- August 8, 2008), also known professionally as Tom Drake and T.Y. Drake, was a Canadian singer-songwriter, film director and screenwriter.	Thomas Y. Drake	singer-songwriter	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Pat Martino (born August 25, 1944) is an Italian-American jazz guitarist and composer within the post-bop, fusion, mainstream jazz and soul jazz idioms.	Pat Martino	guitarist	composer
occupation	Raosaheb Shekhawat (born Rajendrasingh Shekhawat, also spelled Rajendra Singh Shekhawat) is a politician in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Raosaheb Shekhawat	politician
occupation	Cape Sarichef, Sarychev Peak, Sarichef Strait and Sarichef Island in Alaska were named by explorer Lt. Otto von Kotzebue after Gavril Sarychev, who was then in charge of the Russian Imperial Hydrographic Service.	Gavril Sarychev	explorer
occupation	Anna Antonova (Russian: Анна Антонова, born 18 September 1965) is a former competitive figure skater for the Soviet Union.	Anna Antonova	figure skater
occupation	Laura Shigihara is a video game composer, independent game developer, and singer-songwriter.	Laura Shigihara	composer	singer-songwriter
occupation	Matthew Naythons (February 8, 1946) is an American photojournalist, physician and publisher.	Matthew Naythons	photojournalist
occupation	Varney had noticed the shred guitar ability of Chastain, member of the Cincinnati-based band CJSS and, at the same time, he wanted to create an output for the talent of young singer Leather Leone, formerly with the San Francisco band Rude Girl.	Leather Leone	singer
occupation	John Gunion Rutherford (December 25, 1857 -- July 24, 1923) was a Canadian veterinarian, civil servant, and politician.	John Gunion Rutherford	politician
occupation	Alexandre Delpérier (born November 17, 1967) is a French sports journalist, radio and television presenter.	Alexandre Delpérier	journalist	television presenter
occupation	Mary Loos (May 6, 1910 -- October 11, 2004) was an American actress, screenwriter and novelist.	Mary Loos	screenwriter
occupation	Stamatis Kraounakis (Greek: Σταμάτης Κραουνάκης) is a Greek music composer, music producer, lyricist, writer and director.	Stamatis Kraounakis	composer
occupation	Lars Grimsrud is an aerospace engineer and performance automobile enthusiast who has become a celebrity amongst owners of carbureted Chevrolet Corvettes and GM muscle cars for his skill at tuning their engines.	Lars Grimsrud	aerospace engineer
occupation	Colby Lopez (born May 28, 1986) is an American professional wrestler who is signed to WWE under the ring name Seth Rollins.	Seth Rollins	professional wrestler
occupation	Jonathan Crombie (October 12, 1966 -- April 15, 2015) was a Canadian actor and voice over, best known for playing Gilbert Blythe in CBC Television's 1985 telefilm Anne of Green Gables and its two sequels.	Jonathan Crombie	actor
occupation	Salimjon Aioubov (Tajik: Салимҷон Аюбов, Persian: سلیم‌جان ایوب‌اف‎, Mascho, USSR) is a journalist, reporter and writer.	Salimjon Aioubov	journalist	writer
occupation	David Kirk Traylor, best known as David Zed and Mr. Zed, is an American mime, actor and singer, mainly active in Italy.	David Zed	actor	singer
occupation	Billy Johnstone (born in Cunnamulla, Queensland) is an Australian former rugby league player for the Canterbury Bulldogs, St. George Dragons and the Gold Coast Chargers.	Billy Johnstone	rugby league player
occupation	Yosef Carmon is an Israeli actor and theater director.	Yosef Carmon	actor
occupation	Telly Savalas held a degree in psychology and was a world-class poker player who finished 21st at the main event in the 1992 World Series of Poker, as well as a motorcycle racer and lifeguard.	Telly Savalas	poker player
occupation	Lee Byung-woo (Hangul: 이병우; born January 22, 1965) is a South Korean guitarist and composer of film scores.	Lee Byung-woo	composer
occupation	Tom Root (born September 20, 1973) is an Emmy Award-winning writer, producer, director and voice actor for Robot Chicken.	Tom Root	voice actor
occupation	Mahmood Hamid (born January 19, 1969, Karachi, Sindh) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played one ODI in 1995.	Mahmood Hamid	cricketer
occupation	Binh Danh (born 9 October 1977) is a Vietnamese-born photographer and artist.	Binh Danh	photographer
occupation	Kyra E. Hicks (born October 1, 1965) is an author, quilter and quilt historian.	Kyra E. Hicks	historian
occupation	Samuel Besler (Brzeg 15 December 1574 - 19 July 1625) was a German-Polish composer.	Samuel Besler	composer
occupation	Charles Olivier is an American screenwriter, playwright and journalist.	Charles Olivier	journalist
occupation	Jacob Ralph Abarbanell (December 6, 1852 -- November 9, 1922) was an American lawyer, author, and playwright from New York City.	Jacob Ralph Abarbanell	playwright
occupation	Mitchell Lewis (June 26, 1880 -- August 24, 1956) was an American film actor whose career spanned both the silent and sound film eras.	Mitchell Lewis	actor
occupation	Elle Evans (born Lindsey Gayle Evans; December 9, 1989) is an American model and actress who lives and works in Los Angeles, California.	Elle Evans	model
occupation	Stephen Li-Chung Kuo (Chinese: 郭立中; pinyin: Guō Lìzhōng) (born July 27, 1990) is a Taiwanese-American figure skater who competes internationally for Taiwan in men's singles.	Stephen Li-Chung Kuo	figure skater
occupation	George Edward Holbrook (March 4, 1909 - February 26, 1987) was a noted American chemical engineer and a founding member of the National Academy of Engineering.	George Edward Holbrook	engineer
occupation	Christopher Tucker is a British make-up artist for theatre and film.	Christopher Tucker	make-up artist
occupation	Matthew Rosenberg (born August 2, 1974) is an American journalist who covers national security issues for The New York Times.	Matthew Rosenberg	journalist
occupation	Katharina Rosenberger is a Swiss composer and sound artist currently living in the United States.	Katharina Rosenberger	composer
occupation	Charles Doolittle Walcott (March 31, 1850 -- February 9, 1927) was an American paleontologist, administrator, running the Smithsonian Institution from 1907 to 1927, and geologist.	Charles Doolittle Walcott	paleontologist
occupation	Luke Feldman is an Australian cricketer who plays for the Queensland Bulls.	Luke Feldman	cricketer
occupation	Pan Shih-wei (Chinese: 潘世偉; pinyin: Pān Shìwěi) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Pan Shih-wei	politician
occupation	Marianne Stokes (1855--1927), born Marianne Preindlsberger was an Austrian painter.	Marianne Stokes	painter
occupation	Del Flanagan (November 6, 1928 -- December 26, 2003) was a middleweight professional boxer from Minnesota.	Del Flanagan	boxer
occupation	Mam Sonando (Khmer: ម៉ម សូណង់ដូ; born February 13, 1942) is a Cambodian radio journalist with French dual citizenship.	Mam Sonando	journalist
occupation	Charles MacFarland is an Australian videographer, photographer, and producer who makes films (available on DVD and VHS video formats) through his company Synetech Video featuring naked people in social settings.	Charles MacFarland	photographer
occupation	Varduhi Vardanyan (Armenian: Վարդուհի Վարդանյան; June 26, 1976 -- October 15, 2006) was an Armenian singer.	Varduhi Vardanyan	singer
occupation	Raphaël Confiant (born January 25, 1951) is a Martinican writer known for his literary commitment towards Creole literature.	Raphaël Confiant	writer
occupation	Lissa Endriga is an American television host and model, best known for her work on the travel-adventure television show Destination X:	Lissa Endriga	model
occupation	Kazimierz Jarochowski (1828--1888) was a Polish historian, publicist of the Dziennik Poznański (Poznań Daily), co-founder of PTPN.	Kazimierz Jarochowski	historian
occupation	Apart from working as a journalist for L'Humanité, Louis Aragon also became, along with Paul Nizan, editor secretary of the journal Commune, published by the Association des Écrivains et Artistes Révolutionnaires (Association of Revolutionary Writers and Artists), which aimed at gathering intellectuals and artists in a common front against fascism.	Louis Aragon	journalist
occupation	Stephen Kramer Glickman (born March 17, 1979) is a Canadian actor, fashion designer, music producer ,chef, stand-up comedian, and bounty hunter.	Stephen Kramer Glickman	actor
occupation	Tom Ljungman, (born May 29, 1991), is a Swedish television and film actor.	Tom Ljungman	actor
occupation	Philip Eisner is an American screenwriter best known for writing the screenplay for the 1997 science fiction/horror film Event Horizon, which was produced by Paramount and helmed by director Paul W.S. Anderson.	Philip Eisner	screenwriter
occupation	John Leanerd (fl. 1679) was a British playwright, notorious as a plagiarist.	John Leanerd	playwright
occupation	Amitabh Mitra (Bengali: অমিতাভ মিত্র) is an Indian-born South African physician, poet and artist, whose paintings depict dramatised stick figures.	Amitabh Mitra	poet
occupation	Raymond Rock (October 1, 1922 -- January 22, 2016) was a Canadian politician and a businessman.	Raymond Rock	politician
occupation	Kuo Po-cheng (Chinese: 郭柏成; pinyin: Guō Bóchéng) (born January 15, 1978) is a Taiwanese professional pool player, nicknamed ``the Little Monster''.	Kuo Po-cheng	pool player
occupation	Don Nardo (born February 22, 1947) is an American historian, composer, and writer.	Don Nardo	historian	composer	writer
occupation	Anil Radhakrishnan Menon is an Indian film director, mainly of Malayalam films.	Anil Radhakrishnan Menon	film director
occupation	Byron Pang Koon-kei (Chinese: 彭冠期) is a Hong Kong actor and former model of Jiexi, Guangdong descent.	Byron Pang	actor
occupation	Ammi Giddings (1822 -- February 13, 1882) was an American lawyer and politician from Connecticut, who was twice elected to the Connecticut Senate.	Ammi Giddings	lawyer	politician
occupation	Jimmy Tsai is a Chinese American film director, writer, producer, actor, and editor.	Jimmy Tsai	film director	actor
occupation	Count Leonardo Vitetti (1895--1973) was an Italian diplomat who served as a delegate to the United Nations from 1956 to 1958.	Leonardo Vitetti	diplomat
occupation	Willie Rosario a.k.a. ``Mr. Afinque'' (born May 6, 1930) is a musician, composer and bandleader of salsa music.	Willie Rosario	musician	composer
occupation	Karen König (born c. 1969) is a retired German freestyle swimmer who won two gold medals at the 1985 European Aquatics Championships as part of the East Germany relay teams.	Karen König	swimmer
occupation	Beulah Levy Ledner (January 5, 1894 -- March 30, 1988) was a dessert and pastry chef in New Orleans, Louisiana, who was most noted for her invention of Doberge cakes, which were an adaptation for Louisiana tastes of the Hungarian / Austrian dish dobos torte.	Beulah Levy Ledner	chef
occupation	Joan Breton Connelly is an American classical archaeologist and Professor of Classics and Art History at New York University.	Joan Breton Connelly	archaeologist
occupation	Robin Fields (born September 5, 1967) is an American journalist and investigative reporter with ProPublica, an independent, not-for-profit news agency.	Robin Fields	journalist
occupation	Nambaryn Enkhbayar (Mongolian: Намбарын Энхбаяр; born June 1, 1958) is a Mongolian politician.	Nambaryn Enkhbayar	politician
occupation	Alton Hardy Howard (March 28, 1925 -- October 29, 2006) was a businessman, author, and a gospel songwriter from West Monroe in Ouachita Parish in northeastern Louisiana.	Alton Hardy Howard	songwriter
occupation	Edward Jones-Imhotep is a historian of technology, academic and currently an associate professor at York University.	Edward Jones-Imhotep	historian
occupation	Cristóbal Lander (born June 8, 1978) is a Venezuelan actor and model.	Cristóbal Lander	model
occupation	Alok Shetty is a Bangalore-based architect who works for a non-profit organisation called Parinaam Foundation.	Alok Shetty	architect
occupation	Jürgen Barth (born December 10, 1947 in Thum, Saxony) is a German engineer and a former racecar driver.	Jürgen Barth	racecar driver
occupation	Mario Caiano (February 13, 1933 -- September 20, 2015) was an Italian film director, screenwriter, producer and second unit director.	Mario Caiano	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Jo-Anne Nadler is a British journalist, writer, political commentator and Conservative Party politician.	Jo-Anne Nadler	journalist
occupation	Subhash Suri (born July 7, 1960) is an Indian-American computer scientist, a professor at the University of California, Santa Barbara.	Subhash Suri	computer scientist
occupation	Dolores Hart, O.S.B., (born October 20, 1938) is an American Roman Catholic Benedictine nun who had been previously a prominent actress.	Dolores Hart	nun
occupation	Stanley Awramik (born 1946) is an American biogeologist and paleontologist.	Stanley Awramik	paleontologist
occupation	Chester Kamen (born in Hackney, London) is an English session guitarist, whose work has included performing with Paul McCartney, Bryan Ferry, Bob Geldof, Madonna, Robbie Williams, Roger Waters, Seal, Massive Attack, Kirsty McColl, and Gabrielle.	Chester Kamen	guitarist
occupation	Mary Ann Paton (1802--1864) married names including Mary Ann Wood, was a Scottish vocalist.	Mary Ann Paton	vocalist
occupation	Rosie DiManno (born c. 1956) is a Canadian journalist who has worked at the Toronto Star since beginning her career in 1975.	Rosie DiManno	journalist
occupation	Philistus (Greek: Φίλιστος; c. 432 -- 356 BC), son of Archomenidas, was Greek historian from Sicily.	Philistus	historian
occupation	Hilda Lane was an English tennis player active during the first decade and a half of the 20th century.	Hilda Lane	tennis player
occupation	Todd Graff (born October 22, 1959) is an American actor, writer and director, best known for his 2003 independent film Camp and his role as Alan ``Hippy'' Carnes in the 1989 science fiction film The Abyss.	Todd Graff	actor
occupation	Thomas Stoltz Harvey (October 10, 1912 -- April 5, 2007) was a pathologist who conducted the autopsy on Albert Einstein in 1955.	Thomas Stoltz Harvey	pathologist
occupation	Matthew Barney (born March 25, 1967) is an American artist who works in sculpture, photography, drawing and film.	Matthew Barney	artist
occupation	Patrick Denner, nicknamed Pat Magnum is an American private investigator depicted with dark curly hair, beard and moustache, and as an occasional womanizer who lives grotesque adventures.	Pat Magnum	private investigator
occupation	Emmanuel Nii Akwei Addo is a director of the International Law Division of the Attorney-General's Department and the Ministry of Justice.	Emmanuel Nii Akwei Addo	director
occupation	Dan Hirschhorn is a national political journalist based in New York City where he currently serves as the Continuous News Editor of Time.com.	Dan Hirschhorn	journalist
occupation	Dragoš Kalajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгош Калајић; 1943--2005) was a Serbian artist, philosopher and writer.	Dragoš Kalajić	philosopher	writer
occupation	Lisa Taraki is a Palestinian journalist, teacher and a sociologist.	Lisa Taraki	journalist	sociologist
occupation	Everdien Flora Lagerwerf-Vergunst (born May 23, 1964 in Ede) is a Dutch judge and former politician and educator.	Flora Lagerwerf-Vergunst	judge	politician
occupation	W. Henry Hatch (June 13, 1900 -- April 4, 1964) was the equipment manager for the University of Michigan varsity sports programs for 43 years from 1921 to 1964.	Henry Hatch	equipment manager
occupation	Eric Michael Cole (born September 21, 1976) is an American actor, producer and editor.	Eric Michael Cole	actor
occupation	Josiah Ogden Hoffman (April 14, 1766 -- January 24, 1837 in New York City) was an American lawyer and politician.	Josiah Ogden Hoffman	lawyer	politician
occupation	Igor Munteanu (born August 10, 1965, Costuleni) is a Moldovan ambassador, political analyst and journalist.	Igor Munteanu	journalist
occupation	Daniel Breton (born June 18, 1962) is an environmental activist and politician in the Canadian province of Quebec.	Daniel Breton	politician
occupation	Jesús Joel Díaz Hernández is a Cuban journalist who was imprisoned by the Cuban government from 1999-2001.	Jesús Joel Díaz Hernández	journalist
occupation	Freymóður Jóhannsson (September 12, 1895 - March 3, 1973) was an Icelandic artist, painter and song composer.	Freymóður Jóhannsson	artist	painter
occupation	John M. Broughton is a British psychologist and professor who specializes in cultural studies, media and visual culture, youth culture, popular culture, gender, and violence.	John M. Broughton	psychologist
occupation	Jerry Herman (born July 10, 1931 or 1933) is an American composer and lyricist, known for his work in Broadway musical theater.	Jerry Herman	composer
occupation	Cara Buono (born March 1, 1974) is an American actress, screenwriter and director, known for her role as Dr. Faye Miller in the fourth season of the AMC drama series Mad Men.	Cara Buono	screenwriter
occupation	Victor Davis, CM (February 10, 1964 -- November 13, 1989) was a Canadian Olympic and world champion swimmer who specialized in the breaststroke.	Victor Davis	swimmer
occupation	Mads Langer (born 1984) is a Danish singer-songwriter, who became internationally known for his cover of ``You're Not Alone'' by the British band Olive.	Mads Langer	singer-songwriter
occupation	Chris Cuddington is an Australian animation director who worked at Hanna-Barbera Australia studios in Sydney during the 1970s and 1980s.	Chris Cuddington	animation director
occupation	Dr K. P. Ramalingam is an Indian politician and elected as member of parliament candidate in June, 2010 for Rajya Sabha.	K. P. Ramalingam	politician
occupation	Will Glickman (Born: March 7, 1910 died March 11, 1983) was an American playwright who frequently collaborated with Joseph Stein.	Will Glickman	playwright
occupation	Amos Bronson Alcott (/ˈɔːlkət, -kɪt/; November 29, 1799 -- March 4, 1888) was an American teacher, writer, philosopher, and reformer.	Amos Bronson Alcott	teacher	writer	philosopher
occupation	Andrew Lockington (born January 31, 1974) is a Canadian film score composer, who composes scores for American and Canadian films.	Andrew Lockington	composer
occupation	Chin Injeti (born Pranam Injeti in India) is a Canadian singer, musician, and music producer.	Chin Injeti	singer
occupation	Nigel Ogden is a British theatre organist, known for presenting and performing on the BBC Radio 2 programme The Organist Entertains for over 35 years.	Nigel Ogden	organist
occupation	Rick Gitelson (born Washington, D.C.) is an American television and film producer and screenwriter.	Rick Gitelson	screenwriter
occupation	Adam Parfrey is an American journalist, editor, and the publisher of Feral House books, whose work in all three capacities frequently centers on unusual, extreme, or ``forbidden'' areas of knowledge.	Adam Parfrey	journalist	publisher
occupation	Thomas Montgomery Bell (March 17, 1861 -- March 18, 1941) was an American politician who served as House majority whip from 1913 to 1915.	Thomas Montgomery Bell	politician
occupation	Gene Nelson (March 24, 1920 -- September 16, 1996) was an American dancer, actor, screenwriter, and director.	Gene Nelson	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Xavier Videau was a French figure skater who competed in pairs.	Xavier Videau	figure skater
occupation	Jose Luis Valenzuela is a theater and film director and tenure professor at the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television.	Jose Luis Valenzuela	director
occupation	Luigi Lucioni (born Giuseppe Luigi Carlo Benevenuto Lucioni November 4, 1900 -- July 22, 1988) was an Italian American painter known for his still lifes, landscapes, and portraits.	Luigi Lucioni	painter
occupation	Charles L. Cooke (September 3, 1891 -- December 25, 1958) was an American jazz bandleader and arranger, who performed and recorded under the stage name Doc Cook.	Doc Cook	bandleader
occupation	Servando Bayo (October 27, 1822 -- May 18, 1884) was an Argentine politician who served as the National Autonomist Party governor of the province of Santa Fe from April 7, 1874, to April 7, 1878.	Servando Bayo	politician
occupation	Dan Attoe is a painter, sculptor, bullfighter and founder of art group Paintallica.	Dan Attoe	painter
occupation	C. S. Puttaraju is an Indian politician belonging to the Janata Dal (Secular) party.	C. S. Puttaraju	politician
occupation	Elizabeth Metayer (August 12, 1911 -- June 7, 1998) was an American homemaker turned politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1975--1985.	Elizabeth Metayer	politician
occupation	Chen Yuh-chang (Chinese: 陳裕璋; pinyin: Chén Yùzhāng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chen Yuh-chang	politician
occupation	Carl Ballantine (September 27, 1917 -- November 3, 2009), born Meyer Kessler, was an American magician, comedian and actor.	Carl Ballantine	magician	actor
occupation	Walter Baldwin (January 2, 1889 − January 27, 1977) was a prolific character actor whose career spanned five decades and 150 film and television roles, and numerous stage performances.	Walter Baldwin	actor
occupation	David Salomon is an author and photographer from Dallas, Texas, USA.	David Salomon	photographer
occupation	Giannis Aggelakas (Greek: Γιάννης Αγγελάκας) is a Greek singer, songwriter, and poet.	Giannis Aggelakas	singer	poet
occupation	Jessie Baetz was a Canadian-American artist, composer, and pianist.	Jessie Baetz	composer	pianist
occupation	Lloyd Arthur Eshbach (June 20, 1910 -- October 29, 2003) was an American science fiction fan, publisher and writer, secular and religious publisher, and minister.	Lloyd Arthur Eshbach	publisher	writer
occupation	Johnny Zell (born November 24, 1947) is an American musician, best known as a trumpeter from The Lawrence Welk Show, a musical, variety-show television series.	Johnny Zell	musician
occupation	Bryan Lewis (born September 10, 1942 in Alliston, Ontario) is a Canadian municipal politician and a former referee and Director of Officiating for the National Hockey League.	Bryan Lewis	politician
occupation	David Russell Hulme (born 19 June 1951) is a Welsh conductor and musicologist.	David Russell Hulme	conductor
occupation	Heraclides of Tarsus (fl. 2nd century BC) was a Stoic philosopher native to Tarsus, Mersin.	Heraclides of Tarsus	philosopher
occupation	Jon Scieszka (SHCHEH-shka: which phonetically resembles ścieżka, the Polish word for ``path'') (born September 8, 1954) is an American children's writer, best known for picture books created with the illustrator Lane Smith.	Jon Scieszka	writer
occupation	Welcome Ncita (born 1965-10-25) is a retired professional boxer and IBF Super Bantamweight Champion.	Welcome Ncita	boxer
occupation	João Baião (born October 8, 1963) is a Portuguese television presenter, entertainer and actor.	João Baião	television presenter
occupation	Catherine Ann Jones is an award-winning playwright, screenwriter, and author.	Catherine Ann Jones	playwright
occupation	Ivaldo Bertazzo is a Brazilian dancer, choreographer and movement therapist.	Ivaldo Bertazzo	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Carlos de Grunenbergh, also known as Carlo Grunenberg, was a Flemish architect and military engineer active in the late 17th century.	Carlos de Grunenbergh	architect	engineer
occupation	Kenny Nims (born March 21, 1987) was a lacrosse player for the Chicago Machine of Major League Lacrosse.	Kenny Nims	lacrosse player
occupation	Susan Levitt is a San Francisco astrologer and tarot card reader.	Susan Levitt	astrologer
occupation	Yoshihiro Francis Fukuyama (born October 27, 1952) is an American political scientist, political economist, and author.	Francis Fukuyama	political scientist
occupation	Bass Otis (July 17, 1784 - November 3, 1861), was an early American artist, inventor, and portrait painter.	Bass Otis	painter
occupation	Won Ki-joon (born February 12, 1974) is a South Korean actor.	Won Ki-joon	actor
occupation	Chukwuemeka Chikelu is a Nigerian lawyer and politician who was a National Representative from Anambra State (1999--2003), and then was Minister of Information and National Orientation during the second term of President Olusegun Obasanjo.	Chukwuemeka Chikelu	politician
occupation	Ioan Mang (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈo̯an maŋɡ); born July 15, 1958) is a Romanian politician, member of the Social Democratic Party, who served as the Education Minister in Victor Ponta's cabinet.	Ioan Mang	politician
occupation	Michael Smuin (October 13, 1938 -- April 23, 2007) was a ballet dancer, choreographer and theatre director.	Michael Smuin	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Amy Suiter was an interim head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders softball team for the 2009 season.	Amy Suiter	head coach
occupation	Mike Vincenti is an American judoka from Revere, Massachusetts.	Mike Vincenti	judoka
occupation	Talal Maddah starred in a single movie, Fog Street (شارع الضباب), in 1965 with the well-known singer Sabah.	Talal Maddah	singer
occupation	Aleksandar Gigović (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Гиговић; born April 20, 1983, in Kragujevac, Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia - died on July 28, 2007, Ivanjica, Serbia) was a Serbian volleyball player who spent his entire career at OK Radnički Kragujevac.	Aleksandar Gigović	volleyball player
occupation	Kayt Jones is a London-born, LA-based British fashion photographer known for her strikingly cinematic imagery.	Kayt Jones	photographer
occupation	Angela Brazil is seen as the first writer of girls' school story fiction who wrote stories from the point of view of the pupils and whose stories were mostly intended to entertain readers, rather than instruct them on moral principles.	Angela Brazil	writer
occupation	Leigh Anne Tuohy (née Roberts; born August 9, 1960) is an American interior designer.	Leigh Anne Tuohy	designer
occupation	Alain LeNôtre , son of Gaston Lenôtre, is a certified pastry chef, candy maker and ice cream maker; he was also trained as a cook at Le Grand Véfour, a restaurant in Paris.	Alain LeNôtre	chef
occupation	Bryan Nesbitt is an automobile designer and currently head of General Motors Corporation International Operations Design, based in Shanghai, China.	Bryan Nesbitt	designer
occupation	Guy de Chauliac (French: (də ʃoljak)), also called Guido or Guigo de Cauliaco (c. 1300 -- 25 July 1368), was a French physician and surgeon who wrote a lengthy and influential treatise on surgery in Latin, titled Chirurgia Magna.	Guy de Chauliac	physician
occupation	On 21 July, Misha B duetted with British singer Charlie Brown on ``Floodgates Part 2'' was released on to iTunes.	Misha B	singer
occupation	John Richard Montgomery is an American paediatrician and immunologist.	John Richard Montgomery	immunologist
occupation	Ajith Perera is a Sri Lankan politician and current member of Parliament.	Ajith Perera	politician
occupation	Syed Munir Hussain Gilani is a politician in Pakistan, who fought for democracy in Pakistan all his life.	Syed Munir Hussain Gilani	politician
occupation	Rosslynn Taylor, also known as Rosslynn Taylor-Jordan, is an American actress, voice-over artist, and casting director.	Rosslynn Taylor	casting director
occupation	Roger A. Pielke, Sr. (born October 22, 1946) is an American meteorologist with interests in climate variability and climate change, environmental vulnerability, numerical modeling, atmospheric dynamics, land/ocean -- atmosphere interactions, and large eddy/turbulent boundary layer modeling.	Roger A. Pielke	meteorologist
occupation	Ricky Anderson is a retired Canadian boxer, born in historic Africville, Nova Scotia.	Ricky Anderson	boxer
occupation	Juan de Velasco y Pérez Petroche (1727--1792) was an 18th-century Jesuit priest, historian, and professor of philosophy and theology from the Royal Audience of Quito.	Juan de Velasco	historian
occupation	Wooden Wand is the stage name of singer-songwriter James Jackson Toth, who has recorded under his given name as well as the name WAND.	Wooden Wand	singer-songwriter
occupation	Marcos Losekann is also a writer.	Marcos Losekann	writer
occupation	Bert V. Royal, Jr. (born October 14, 1977) is an American screenwriter, playwright and former casting director.	Bert V. Royal	screenwriter
occupation	Marjorie Content (1895--1984) was an American photographer active in modernist social and artistic circles.	Marjorie Content	photographer
occupation	David Michael Staton, better known as Mick Staton (February 11, 1940 -- April 14, 2014) was an American politician.	Mick Staton	politician
occupation	Isaac Roach (February 24, 1786 -- December 29, 1848) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as mayor of Philadelphia, from 1838 to 1839.	Isaac Roach	politician
occupation	James Drescher, better known as Jimmy G or Jimmy Gestapo and also known as Jimmy Spliff, is the lead singer for New York based hardcore punk band Murphy's Law.	Jimmy Gestapo	singer
occupation	Albert J. Ruffo (July 1, 1908 -- February 10, 2003) was an American politician, philanthropist, educator, lawyer, and football coach.	Albert J. Ruffo	politician	lawyer
occupation	Kovelamudi Bapayya or K. Bapaiah is famous Indian film director.	Kovelamudi Bapayya	film director
occupation	Mark Roth (born April 10, 1951) is a retired professional bowler.	Mark Roth	bowler
occupation	Uda Walawwe Mahim Bandaralage Chanaka Asanka Welegedara, more commonly referred to as Chanaka Welegedara, චානක වෙලගෙදර (born March 20, 1981, Matale), is a Sri Lankan international cricketer.	Chanaka Welegedara	cricketer
occupation	Jeffrey Sanzel is a theater director, stage actor, and playwright.	Jeffrey Sanzel	playwright
occupation	Simon Emmerson is a record producer, guitarist, DJ and founder of the group Afro Celt Sound System.	Simon Emmerson	record producer
occupation	Peter Rusnák, son of a Greek Catholic priest, was born in Humenné, a city in the eastern Slovakia.	Peter Rusnák	priest
occupation	Elaine Tanner-Watt, OC (born February 22, 1951) is a Canadian former competition swimmer.	Elaine Tanner	swimmer
occupation	John Scott Everton (March 7, 1908 -- January 23, 2003) was an American college president and diplomat.	John Scott Everton	diplomat
occupation	Robert Hibbs Peebles (1900-1956) was an American botanist and agronomist who worked for the United States Department of Agriculture.	Robert Hibbs Peebles	botanist
occupation	Burton Burns (born October 27, 1952) is the associate head coach / running backs coach for the Alabama Crimson Tide football team.	Burton Burns	head coach
occupation	Rogelio Blaín (b. Rogelio Juan Blaín Blaín; 1944) is a Cuban actor of radio, television, and film.	Rogelio Blaín	actor
occupation	Stephen Carlile (born Bath, Somerset, England) is a British actor well known for portraying the villain Scar in the 2013 European musical adaptation of the Disney film The Lion King.	Stephen Carlile	actor
occupation	Hadiqa Kiani (Urdu: حدیقہ کیانی ‎) is a Pakistani singer and songwriter.	Hadiqa Kiani	singer
occupation	Frances Bergen (born Frances Westerman; September 14, 1922 -- October 2, 2006) was an American actress and fashion model.	Frances Bergen	model
occupation	Trine Søndergaard (born 1972), is a Danish visual artist and contemporary photographer.	Trine Søndergaard	photographer
occupation	Ji Sang-ryeol (born December 26, 1970) is a South Korean actor, comedian, and host.	Ji Sang-ryeol	actor	comedian
occupation	Katya Bachrouche is a Lebanese-American international swimmer who holds the Lebanese record in eight events.	Katya Bachrouche	swimmer
occupation	Brett Callwood is an English journalist, copy writer, editor and author, currently living and working in Colorado.	Brett Callwood	journalist
occupation	Chris Fraser (professional name Chris Larceny) is an African-American urban music and hip-hop music video, television and film director.	Chris Larceny	film director
occupation	Kam Fong Chun (May 27, 1918 -- October 18, 2002), born Kam Tong Chun, was an American actor, best known for his role as Chin Ho Kelly, a police detective on the CBS television network series Hawaii Five-O.	Kam Fong Chun	actor
occupation	Lanre Buraimoh is a Nigerian-born award-winning artist who is based in Texas, USA.	Lanre Buraimoh	artist
occupation	Eric Dean Seaton is an American television director, producer and graphic novelist.	Eric Dean Seaton	television director
occupation	Mahealani Perez-Wendt is a Kanaka Maoli (Native Hawaiian) poet, writer and community activist residing in Hawaiʻi, on the island of Maui.	Mahealani Perez-Wendt	writer
occupation	Johan Erhard Areschoug (Johannes Erhard Areschoug, Philos. Doctor, Botanices et Oeconomiae) (September 16, 1811 - May 7, 1887) was a Swedish botanist who was a native of Göteborg.	Johan Erhard Areschoug	botanist
occupation	Martin Bronfenbrenner (December 2, 1914 in Pittsburgh -- June 2, 1997 in Durham, North Carolina) was an internationally renowned economist who published over 250 scholarly papers and five books and served as William R. Kenan, Jr. Professor Emeritus of Economics at Duke University.	Martin Bronfenbrenner	economist
occupation	Tanya Anne Crosby (born June 5, 1962 in Rota in Cadiz, Andalusia, Spain) is an American writer of romance novels.	Tanya Anne Crosby	writer
occupation	Grace Van Studdiford (January 8, 1873 -- January 29, 1927) was an early twentieth-century American opera singer and actress.	Grace Van Studdiford	opera singer
occupation	Mark Kinsey Stephenson is an American-born actor most famous for his role as Randolph Carter in the H.P. Lovecraft film adaptation named The Unnamable and its sequel The Unnamable II:	Mark Kinsey Stephenson	actor
occupation	John J. Cullen (January 1, 1845 in Mullingar, County Westmeath, Ireland -- June 19, 1896 in New York City) was an American politician from New York.	John J. Cullen	politician
occupation	Sidney M. Goldin, born Samuel Goldstein (March 25, 1878-September 19, 1937) was an American Jewish silent film director as well as a prominent writer, actor and producer for Yiddish theater during the early 20th century.	Sidney M. Goldin	film director
occupation	Brodie Greer (born October 26, 1949 in Santa Monica, California) is an American actor, best known for his role as Officer Barry ``Bear'' Baricza on CHiPs.	Brodie Greer	actor
occupation	K. R. Ganapathi (ta: கே.ஆர். கணபதி) was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.	K. R. Ganapathi	politician
occupation	Juan Pablo Vizcardo y Guzmán (1748--1798) was a Peruvian Jesuit, writer and campaigner for Latin American independence.	Juan Pablo Vizcardo y Guzmán	writer
occupation	Elisha Warfield, Jr. (February 5, 1781 - May 15, 1859) was an American physician and a Thoroughbred racehorse owner and breeder whom Thoroughbred Heritage calls ``one of the most important early figures in Kentucky racing and breeding.''	Elisha Warfield	physician
occupation	Ulpio Minucci (June 29, 1917 -- March 9, 2007) was an Italian-born composer and musician.	Ulpio Minucci	composer
occupation	Clive A. Smith (often credited as Clive Smith) is a British expatriate director and animator who, with Michael Hirsh and Patrick Loubert, founded Canadian animation studio Nelvana in 1971.	Clive A. Smith	animator
occupation	Gottfried Kägi (born February 18, 1911) was a Swiss skeleton racer who competed in the late 1940s.	Gottfried Kägi	skeleton racer
occupation	Adrian Steirn is a photographer and filmmaker.	Adrian Steirn	photographer
occupation	Will Chase (born September 12, 1970) is an American actor and singer, best known for his work in Broadway musicals and in his current role as country superstar Luke Wheeler on ABC's Nashville.	Will Chase	actor
occupation	Ivan Kakovitch (December 9, 1933 Kiev, USSR -- December 22, 2006 Paris, France) was an Assyrian author, journalist, professor, and a nationalist leader.	Ivan Kakovitch	journalist
occupation	Filoteo Samaniego Salazar (July 11, 1928 - February 21, 2013) was an Ecuadorian novelist, poet, historian, translator, and diplomat.	Filoteo Samaniego	diplomat
occupation	Stefan Franczak (August 3, 1917, Jeziorna, Łódź Voivodeship, Poland -- 2009) was a Polish Jesuit monk and horticulturist, famous as a clematis breeder.	Stefan Franczak	horticulturist
occupation	Paddy Neary (born 1956) is an Irish retired hurler and referee who played as a left corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.	Paddy Neary	hurler
occupation	Neal Burns (June 26, 1892 -- October 3, 1969) was an American film actor, screenwriter, and director.	Neal Burns	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Professor Frederick Brian Pickering FREng is an English metallurgist.	Frederick Brian Pickering	metallurgist
occupation	Junior Bulumakau is a Fijian-born Scottish international Sevens rugby union player who plays for Glasgow Warriors at the Wing positions He signed for Glasgow Warriors on a year long contract from the Royal Regiment of Scotland in the British Army, where he played for their rugby team.	Junior Bulumakau	rugby union player
occupation	William Ganz (January 7, 1919 - November 11, 2009) was a Slovakian-born American cardiologist who co-invented the pulmonary artery catheter, often referred to as the Swan-Ganz catheter, with Jeremy Swan in 1970.	William Ganz	cardiologist
occupation	Jaquelin Taylor Robertson, FAIA, FAICP, usually credited as Jaquelin T. Robertson and informally known as ``Jaque,'' is an American architect and urban designer.	Jaquelin T. Robertson	architect
occupation	Scott Randolph (born October 17, 1973) is a Democratic politician who has served as the Orange County Tax Collector since 2013.	Scott Randolph	politician
occupation	Toby Love is a Puerto Rican American singer-songwriter.	Toby Love	singer
occupation	Osman Aden Abdulle (Somali: Cismaan Aaden Cabdulle, Arabic: عثمان عدن عبد الله‎) is a prominent Somali physician and geneticist.	Osman Aden Abdulle	physician
occupation	John Cooper, Jr. (September 15, 1922 -- May 3, 2011), known as Jackie Cooper, was an American actor, television director, producer and executive.	Jackie Cooper	actor
occupation	George Frederick Chambers (1841--1915) was a barrister, amateur astronomer and author, who wrote a number of popular books about science.	George Frederick Chambers	astronomer
occupation	Wilfredo Caraballo (born January 1, 1947 in Puerto Rico) is an American Democratic Party politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1996--2008, where he represented the 29th legislative district.	Wilfredo Caraballo	politician
occupation	Alice Hegan Rice, also known as Alice Caldwell Hegan, (January 11, 1870 -- February 10, 1942) was an American novelist.	Alice Hegan Rice	novelist
occupation	The novelist Philip Roth, considered one of Updike's chief literary rivals, wrote that ``John Updike is our time's greatest man of letters, as brilliant a literary critic and essayist as he was a novelist and short story writer.	John Updike	essayist
occupation	Haskell Noyes (July 22, 1886 -- December 8, 1948) was an American college basketball player and coach as well as a noted conservationist.	Haskell Noyes	basketball player
occupation	Giulia Botti (born April 1, 1980) is an Italian ski mountaineer and triathlete.	Giulia Botti	triathlete
occupation	Stan Bush is an American singer-songwriter and musician whose most notable work includes the songs ``The Touch'' and ``Dare'' from the soundtrack to the 1986 animated film The Transformers:	Stan Bush	singer
occupation	Marcin Szczygielski (born 1972), Polish writer, journalist and graphic designer.	Marcin Szczygielski	writer	journalist	graphic designer
occupation	Gustav Klutsis (Latvian: Gustavs Klucis, Russian: Густав Густавович Клуцис) (January 4, 1895 -- February 26, 1938) was a pioneering Latvian photographer and major member of the Constructivist avant-garde in the early 20th century.	Gustav Klutsis	photographer
occupation	Emilie Béatrice Epaye is Central African politician and educator.	Emilie Béatrice Epaye	politician
occupation	Chrystabel Leighton-Porter (1913 -- 2000) was the model for the Second World War Daily Mirror newspaper cartoon heroine Jane which boosted morale during the Blitz.	Chrystabel Leighton-Porter	model
occupation	Kamaloddin Jenab (كمال الدین جناب) was an Iranian pioneer physicist.	Kamaloddin Jenab	physicist
occupation	Emiliano Zuleta Baquero was a Colombian vallenato composer, accordion player and singer, popularly known as El viejo Mile (The Old Mile).	Emiliano Zuleta	singer
occupation	Magomed Nurutdinov/Mahamed Nurudzinau (born February 5, 1982) is a Belarusian amateur boxer who boxed at the Olympics 2008 at welterweight and later became European champion.	Magomed Nurutdinov	boxer
occupation	Josef Spudich (November 9, 1908--March 10, 2001) was a United States professional American football player and teacher.	Josef Spudich	teacher
occupation	Andrew Karney, FIET, FRSA is a British electrical engineer, businessman and company director.	Andrew Karney	engineer
occupation	Lionel Friedberg is a documentary film director, producer and writer who has written or produced films for Animal Planet, CBS, PBS, the History Channel, the Discovery Channel and National Geographic Channel.	Lionel Friedberg	film director
occupation	Prilidiano Pueyrredón (January 24, 1823 -- November 3, 1870) was an Argentine painter, architect, and engineer.	Prilidiano Pueyrredón	painter	architect
occupation	Shawn Heflick (born June 17, 1969) is an explorer, adventurer, biologist and current TV host for Python Hunters on National Geographic Wild.	Shawn Heflick	biologist
occupation	Cengiz Koç (born September 9, 1977 in Gronau, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German heavyweight boxer of Turkish descent who won the bronze medal at the 2000 European amateur championships.	Cengiz Koç	boxer
occupation	Bruce Baron (November 15, 1949 -- April 13, 2013) was an American movie actor.	Bruce Baron	actor
occupation	Paulo Duarte (1899--1984), full name Paulo Alfeu Junqueira Duarte, was a Brazilian archaeologist and humanist.	Paulo Alfeu Junqueira Duarte	archaeologist
occupation	Chris Rotelli (born December 18, 1979) is a professional lacrosse player who had a standout collegiate career at the University of Virginia before going on to the professional ranks in Major League Lacrosse.	Chris Rotelli	lacrosse player
occupation	Carson Williams is an electrical engineer from Mason, Ohio who is noted for his light shows using Christmas lights affixed to and around his house.	Carson Williams	engineer
occupation	Angela Jackson (born July 25, 1951) is an award-winning poet, playwright and writer based in Chicago.	Angela Jackson	poet
occupation	Juan Max Boettner (May 26, 1899 -- July 3, 1958), was a Paraguayan medical doctor and musical composer.	Juan Max Boettner	composer
occupation	Amir Shervan (Persian: امیر شروان‎‎), born Amir Hosein Ghaffari (Persian: اميرحسين غفاری), was an Iranian film director, producer, actor, and screenwriter.	Amir Shervan	film director
occupation	Ida Haendel, CBE (born 15 December 1928) is a British violinist of Polish birth.	Ida Haendel	violinist
occupation	Ben Bagley (October 18, 1933 -- March 21, 1998) was an American musical theatre and record producer.	Ben Bagley	record producer
occupation	Jennifer Cihi (born April 2, 1966) is an American singer/actress who performed on Broadway, television, commercial jingles and provided several songs for animated series and films.	Jennifer Cihi	singer
occupation	Hermann Eberhard (27 February 1852 in Ohlau, Silesia -- 30 May 1908) was a 19th-century German explorer credited with western discovery of considerable lands in Patagonia, Chile.	Hermann Eberhard	explorer
occupation	Dorian Bevec is a German molecular biologist, Chief Scientific Officer and co-founder at Mondobiotech.	Dorian Bevec	molecular biologist
occupation	Sherraine Schalm, formerly Sherraine Schalm-MacKay (born June 21, 1975), is a former top-ranked Canadian Olympic épée fencer.	Sherraine Schalm	fencer
occupation	Akeomi Nitta (新田明臣, born July 23, 1973) is a Japanese kickboxer.	Akeomi Nitta	kickboxer
occupation	Sean Reed (born 28 June 1965) is an English-born Australian darts player.	Sean Reed	darts player
occupation	Ervin László (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɛrvin ˈlaːsloː); born 12 May 1932) is a Hungarian philosopher of science, systems theorist, integral theorist, originally a classical pianist.	Ervin László	philosopher
occupation	Andrea Fendt is a West German luger who competed during the 1970s.	Andrea Fendt	luger
occupation	William Samuel Hall (November 8, 1871 -- January 26, 1938) was a dentist and a Canadian federal politician.	William Samuel Hall	dentist	politician
occupation	Richard Rainey was a Republican politician from Walnut Creek, California, a suburb in the San Francisco Bay Area.	Richard Rainey	politician
occupation	Roger Hilsman, Jr. (November 23, 1919 -- February 23, 2014) was an American soldier, government official, political scientist, and author.	Roger Hilsman	political scientist
occupation	Kotha Prabhakar Reddy is an Indian politician who won in 2014 a by-election held for the Medak (Lok Sabha constituency) being Telangana Rashtra Samithi candidate.	Kotha Prabhakar Reddy	politician
occupation	Enrico Gennari (born 1977-01-21) is a marine biologist who specialises in the study of the great white shark.	Enrico Gennari	marine biologist
occupation	Horace Griggs Prall (March 6, 1881 -- April 23, 1951) was a New Jersey attorney and Republican politician.	Horace Griggs Prall	politician
occupation	Sumitra Patir is an Indian politician who is the member of Assam Legislative Assembly from Dhemaji Assembly constituency ( no 113) in Dhemaji district, as of 2013.She is currently Minister of State(Independent Charge).	Sumitra Patir	politician
occupation	Raimon Gaucelm de Bezers (fl. 1262--1275) was a Languedocian troubadour with nine surviving works.	Raimon Gaucelm de Bezers	troubadour
occupation	Dirk Bolt (born 1930) is a Dutch-born architect who is best known for his post-Second World War Australian modernist architecture and his later career as an academic and consultant that applied sustainable, equitable and humane principles to town planning.	Dirk Bolt	architect
occupation	Daniela Schiller (born October 26, 1972 in Israel) is a neuroscientist who leads the Schiller Lab for Affective Neuroscience at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine.	Daniela Schiller	neuroscientist
occupation	Stavros Xarchakos (Greek: Σταύρος Ξαρχάκος, (ˈstavros ksarˈxakos), born March 14, 1939) is a Greek composer and conductor.	Stavros Xarchakos	composer	conductor
occupation	Saf ibn Sayyad (Arabic: الصف بن الصياد‎), later known as Abdullah ibn Sa'id (Arabic: عبد الله بن سعيد‎), was an alleged claimant of prophethood during the time of Islamic prophet Muhammad and his companions.	Saf ibn Sayyad	prophet
occupation	Roy Best was an American illustrator and painter of pin-up girls.	Roy Best	painter
occupation	Jeannine Compton-Antoine is a Saint Lucian politician who represented the Micoud North constituency in the House of Assembly from 2007 to 2011.	Jeannine Compton-Antoine	politician
occupation	Sonia López (January 11, 1946--) is a Mexican singer, popular in the 1960s for her tropical hits.	Sonia López	singer
occupation	Oralgaisha Omarshanova (Kazakh: Оралғайша Омаршанова) (1968-went missing late March 2007) was a Kazakh journalist.	Oralgaisha Omarshanova	journalist
occupation	Philip Handler (August 13, 1917 -- December 29, 1981) was an American nutritionist, and biochemist.	Philip Handler	nutritionist	biochemist
occupation	Barry Moss (April 25, 1940 -- June 17, 2014) was an American casting director of theatre, film and television and former child actor.	Barry Moss	casting director
occupation	Jacquie Armstrong (born March 19, 1976 in Penticton, British Columbia) is a Canadian curler from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Jacquie Armstrong	curler
occupation	Jim Neilly is a BBC broadcaster and sports commentator from Northern Ireland.	Jim Neilly	sports commentator
occupation	Amy Weiss is a rabbi and authority in teen sexuality education within Jewish thought and tradition.	Amy Weiss	rabbi
occupation	Arthur Storch (June 29, 1925 -- March 5, 2013) was an American actor and Broadway director.	Arthur Storch	actor
occupation	James N. Gabriel (February 26, 1923 -- November 26, 1991) was an American attorney and judge who served as the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts from 1971 to 1972 and again from 1973 to 1977.	James N. Gabriel	judge
occupation	Valerie Stessin is the first woman to be ordained as a Conservative rabbi in Israel, as well as the first woman to be ordained by the Schechter Institute of Jewish Studies; she was ordained in 1993.	Valerie Stessin	rabbi
occupation	Lucius Coelius Antipater was a Roman jurist and historian.	Lucius Coelius Antipater	jurist	historian
occupation	Burt Ward (born July 6, 1945) is an American television actor and activist.	Burt Ward	actor
occupation	Ross Hussey is a unionist politician in Northern Ireland.	Ross Hussey	politician
occupation	Richard Hayman (March 27, 1920 -- February 5, 2014) was an American arranger, harmonica player and conductor.	Richard Hayman	conductor
occupation	Herb Tam (traditional Chinese: 譚海俊; simplified Chinese: 谭海俊; Jyutping: Taam4 Hoi2zeon3; born in Hong Kong) is the curator and director of exhibitions at the Museum of Chinese in America in New York City.	Herb Tam	curator
occupation	John Caziel (February 7, 1966 -- July 8, 1995) was an American singer and bass guitarist.	John Caziel	singer
occupation	Aleksandar Bačko is writer, journalist and genealogist from Belgrade, Serbia.	Aleksandar Bačko	journalist
occupation	Antonio Carmine Di Bartolomeo (born 24 August 1964, Slough, Berkshire, England) is an English singer performing under the stage name Tony Di Bart.	Tony Di Bart	singer
occupation	In August 463 BC, Ephialtes represented those who wished to refuse Sparta's request for military assistance in putting down a helot revolt.	Ephialtes	military
occupation	Gaspar Aquino de Belén was a Filipino poet and translator of the 17th century, known for authoring a 1704 rendition of the Pasyon: a famous poetic narrative of the passion, death and resurrection of Jesus, which has circulated in many versions.	Gaspar Aquino de Belén	poet
occupation	LaFayette Emmett (May 8, 1822 -- August 10, 1905) was an American lawyer and an early leader in Minnesota law.	LaFayette Emmett	lawyer
occupation	Fernando Contreras Castro, is a Costa Rican writer who was born in the province of Alajuela, on January 4, 1963.	Fernando Contreras Castro	writer
occupation	Hon. William Grafton Delaney Worthington IV (1785--1856) was an American lawyer, judge and state Governor, and Secretary of the Territory of East Florida.	William Grafton Delaney Worthington	lawyer
occupation	George W. F. Cook (May 20, 1919 -- September 26, 2009) was a Vermont attorney and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate and United States Attorney for the District of Vermont.	George W. F. Cook	politician
occupation	Pierre-Etienne Moitte (1722 -- 1780) was a French painter-engraver.	Pierre-Etienne Moitte	engraver
occupation	Aruna Miller (born November 6, 1964) is an Indian-born American politician and a member of the Maryland House of Delegates representing District 15 in Montgomery County, Maryland.	Aruna Miller	politician
occupation	Roger Kleier (born 1958, Glendale, California) is an American composer, guitarist, improviser and producer.	Roger Kleier	composer
occupation	Todd Doldersum is a Canadian voice actor, puppeteer, and comedian.	Todd Doldersum	puppeteer
occupation	Richard Snowden Andrews (October 29, 1830 -- January 5, 1903) was an American architect and a Confederate artillery commander and diplomat during the American Civil War.	Richard Snowden Andrews	architect	diplomat
occupation	Scott Cao (pronounced Chow) is a violin maker (luthier), who is originally from China but now works in Campbell, California, USA.	Scott Cao	luthier
occupation	The Labour politician Philip Snowden said of Cox: ``There has been no member of the House of Commons in my time quite like Mr. Harold Cox.	Harold Cox	politician
occupation	Ruth Rogers, Lady Rogers MBE (born 1948) is an American-born British chef who owns and runs the Michelin starred Italian restaurant The River Café in Hammersmith, London.	Ruth Rogers	chef
occupation	Martin Kornmesser is a graphic designer working at the ESA/NASA Hubble European Space Agency Information Centre (HEIC) in Munich/Garching.	Martin Kornmesser	graphic designer
occupation	Olga Ilich (born 1950 or 1951) is Canadian politician, who represented the riding of Richmond Centre in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2005 to 2009.	Olga Ilich	politician
occupation	Richard Boleslavsky or Richard Boleslawski (February 4, 1889 -- January 17, 1937) was a Polish theatre and film director, actor and teacher of acting.	Richard Boleslawski	film director	actor
occupation	Brenda LaGrange Johnson is an American businesswoman and diplomat who has served in numerous positions.	Brenda LaGrange Johnson	diplomat
occupation	Tammy Lynn Leppert (born February 5, 1965) is an American former child and teen model, actress and beauty queen who has been missing since July 6, 1983, vanishing at the age of 18.	Tammy Lynn Leppert	model
occupation	Glenn Monroig (born April 22, 1957), is a composer, guitarist, and singer of various types of music styles, such as salsa, boleros and rumba.	Glenn Monroig	composer	singer
occupation	Harland Epps is an astronomer, known for designing effective optics for multiple telescopes around the world.	Harland Epps	astronomer
occupation	Tony Angell is an American wildlife artist and writer.	Tony Angell	artist
occupation	Vytautas Vičiulis (October 16, 1951 in the Skuodas district -- March 3, 1989 in Klaipėda) was a Lithuanian painter and antiques restorer, better known for his self-immolation for political reasons.	Vytautas Vičiulis	painter
occupation	Daria Strokous (born 25 September 1990) is a Russian model, film actress, and photographer.	Daria Strokous	model	photographer
occupation	Fortunato Gatti (active early 17th century) was an Italian painter active near Parma and Modena.	Fortunato Gatti	painter
occupation	Aldona Margenytė is a retired Lithuanian rower who won two European titles in the eights event in 1963 and 1965.	Aldona Margenytė	rower
occupation	Fr. Liam Lawton is an award winning multi platinum, Irish, singer-songwriter and Roman Catholic priest.	Liam Lawton	singer	songwriter	Catholic priest
occupation	Originally constructed in 1939, the renovated art deco gem features an exhibit of the life and accomplishments of singer/songwriter Don Gibson, an intimate 400-seat music hall, and adjoining function space that can accommodate up to 275 people.	Don Gibson	singer
occupation	Fraser McKenzie (born 1988) is a Scottish professional rugby union player, who plays for Edinburgh in the Pro 12.	Fraser McKenzie	rugby union player
occupation	Mohammed Qalamuddin (Arabic: محمد قلمُ الدين‎), an Afghan politician, served under the Taliban regime as deputy head of the Vice and Virtue Ministry.	Mohammed Qalamuddin	politician
occupation	Abate Filippo Titi was an Italian Roman Catholic Protonotary apostolic, and an art historian, best known for his inventory of the artistic content of churches in Rome, titled Studio di Pittura scoltura et architettura nelle Chiese di Roma, published by Mancini in 1674	Filippo Titi	art historian
occupation	Dirk Terrell (born August 14, 1965) is an American astronomer and space artist who is the manager of the Astronomy and Computer Systems section in the Department of Space Studies of the Space Science and Engineering division of the Southwest Research Institute.	Dirk Terrell	astronomer
occupation	Hafez Nazeri (Persian: حافظ ناظری‎‎) (Central Kurdish: حافز نازری) is an Iranian composer of Kurdish descent.	Hafez Nazeri	composer
occupation	Bobbie Jean Brown (born October 7, 1969), sometimes credited as Bobbie Brown-Lane, is an American actress, model and former beauty pageant contestant.	Bobbie Brown	model
occupation	Mahdi Bemani Naeini (also spelt Mehdi Bemani, Mehdi Bemani Naeini, Persian: مهدی بمانی نائینی ‎‎, born November 3, 1968) is an Iranian film director, cinematographer, TV news producer and photographer.	Mahdi Bemani Naeini	film director
occupation	David Toussaint (born April 23, 1964) is an American writer, commentator, theater critic and playwright.	David Toussaint	writer
occupation	George R. Milner, Ph.D., is an archaeologist in the Department of Anthropology at The Pennsylvania State University.	George R. Milner	archaeologist
occupation	Gary McSpadden (born January 26, 1943) is an American pastor, singer, songwriter, producer, television host and motivational speaker.	Gary McSpadden	singer	songwriter
occupation	Edwin H. Knopf (November 11, 1899 -- December 27, 1981) was an American film producer, film director, and screenwriter.	Edwin H. Knopf	film producer	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Glenn Taranto (born January 27, 1959) is an American actor and screenwriter, perhaps best known for his role as Gomez on The New Addams Family.	Glenn Taranto	actor	screenwriter
occupation	José Santos Chocano Gastañodi (May 14, 1875 -- December 13, 1934) was a Peruvian poet and political activist, whose work was widely praised across Europe and Latin America.	José Santos Chocano	poet
occupation	Angélique Kpasseloko Hinto Hounsinou Kandjo Manta Zogbin Kidjo, known as Angélique Kidjo (born July 14, 1960), is a Beninese-born American Grammy Award winning singer-songwriter and activist, noted for her diverse musical influences and creative music videos.	Angélique Kidjo	singer
occupation	Matthew Buckley is a British actor, best known for playing Martin Miller in the BBC school drama Grange Hill from 2001 to 2007.	Matthew Buckley	actor
occupation	Cheryl Keeton (October 27, 1949 -- September 21, 1986) was a Portland, Oregon lawyer who was found dead inside her Toyota van on the Sunset Highway (Oregon) by a passing motorist.	Cheryl Keeton	lawyer
occupation	Søren Absalon Larsen (Apr 5, 1871 -- Jan 2, 1957) was a Danish physicist who worked in the field of electroacoustics and is best known for giving his name to the Larsen effect.	Søren Absalon Larsen	physicist
occupation	Kevin Michael Richardson (born October 25, 1964) is an American voice actor who has portrayed a multitude of characters in various animated series and video games.	Kevin Michael Richardson	actor
occupation	Ira Glick is an American psychiatrist known for his research into the psychopathology and treatment of schizophrenia.	Ira Glick	psychiatrist
occupation	Abdulrahman Ben Yezza (Arabic: عبد الرحمن عبدالله بن يزة‎) is a Libyan businessman and politician who is the Oil Minister in the government of Abdurrahim El-Keib.	Abdulrahman Ben Yezza	politician
occupation	Wilfred E. Mansur (1855--1921) was the most prominent architect in late 19th and early 20th Century Bangor, Maine.	Wilfred E. Mansur	architect
occupation	Ryan Bater is a Canadian politician, currently a member of city council in North Battleford, Saskatchewan.	Ryan Bater	politician
occupation	Geoff Johns (born January 25, 1973) is an American comic book and television writer, film and television producer.	Geoff Johns	writer
occupation	Yo Zushi is a British-Japanese singer-songwriter, who rose to prominence in the UK freak folk scene with two albums released on London's Pointy Records.	Yo Zushi	singer-songwriter
occupation	Albert Ayler (/ˈeɪlər/; July 13, 1936 -- November 25, 1970) was an American avant-garde jazz saxophonist, singer and composer.	Albert Ayler	saxophonist	composer
occupation	John Abyn (by 1523-58/59), of Salisbury, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	John Abyn	politician
occupation	Born in Kongpo, located in southeastern Tibet, Dagpo Rinpoche was recognized by the Thirteenth Dalai Lama as the reincarnation of Dagpo Lama Jampel Lhundrup when he was only two years old.	Dagpo Rinpoche	Lama
occupation	Romeu Tuma (October 4, 1931 -- October 26, 2010) was a Brazilian politician and a former director of the Federal Police.	Romeu Tuma	politician
occupation	Kenneth C. Coby (born 1985), better known as his stage name Soundz is an American record producer and rapper from Milwaukee, Wisconsin signed to US Records and EMI Publishing.	Soundz	record producer
occupation	Ignaz Paul Vital Troxler (August 17, 1780 -- March 6, 1866) was a Swiss physician, politician, and philosopher.	Ignaz Paul Vital Troxler	politician
occupation	Sujata Koirala (Nepali: सुजाता कोइराला) is a Nepalese politician and the only daughter of former Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala.	Sujata Koirala	politician
occupation	Lynn Johnston (sometimes credited as Lynn Johnson) is a make-up artist.	Lynn Johnson	make-up artist
occupation	Nina Wilcox Putnam (November 28, 1888 -- March 8, 1962) was an American novelist, screenwriter and playwright.	Nina Wilcox Putnam	novelist
occupation	Amelia Jenae Leles (born January 28, 1987, in Sacramento, California) is an American softball player.	Jenae Leles	softball player
occupation	Charles Roven (born August 2, 1949) is an American film producer, president and co-founder of Atlas Entertainment.	Charles Roven	film producer
occupation	Ruth Harriet Louise (born Ruth Goldstein) (January 13, 1903 -- October 12, 1940) was an American professional photographer, the first woman photographer active in Hollywood; she ran Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's portrait studio from 1925 to 1930.	Ruth Harriet Louise	photographer
occupation	Reid Ryan (born April 21, 1971) is an American baseball executive and former college baseball and professional baseball player.	Reid Ryan	baseball player
occupation	Walter Randall was a British dancer turned actor with numerous roles in British television, including parts in The Saint, Out of This World, Yes Minister, The Professionals and Dixon of Dock Green.	Walter Randall	dancer	actor
occupation	Mary Milne is an award-winning singer-songwriter from Bancroft and Toronto, Ontario.	Mary Milne	singer
occupation	Koby Abberton (born ca 1979 in Maroubra, New South Wales), an Australian former professional surfer, is a member of the Australian surf gang, the Bra Boys.	Koby Abberton	surfer
occupation	Ros Wynne-Jones is a journalist and author who has had articles published in The Guardian and The Mirror amongst others, and is currently Senior Feature Writer for the Daily Mirror.	Ros Wynne-Jones	journalist
occupation	Werner Daehn (born 1965) is a German actor with an international reputation, who has worked with Vin Diesel and Samuel L. Jackson in xXx, with Jason Priestley in Colditz an ITV1 2005 miniseries, with Bill Pullman in Revelations and with Steven Seagal in Shadow Man.	Werner Daehn	actor
occupation	Marshall Warren Nirenberg (April 10, 1927 -- January 15, 2010) was an American biochemist and geneticist.	Marshall Warren Nirenberg	biochemist	geneticist
occupation	Vangelis Rinas is a Greek painter and sculptor having his roots in the Northeastern Aegean Sea.	Vangelis Rinas	painter
occupation	Brigette Feltus, more commonly known as Brig Feltus, is an American rock singer.	Brig Feltus	singer
occupation	Ellen Thesleff (1869-1954) was an expressionist Finnish painter, regarded as one of the leading Finnish modernist painters.	Ellen Thesleff	painter
occupation	Harry A. DeMaso (February 24, 1921 -- January 9, 2015) was an American politician who was a Michigan Republican State Senator from the 20th Michigan District, which comprised the counties of Calhoun and Eaton, and one township in Ingham (Delhi Township).	Harry A. DeMaso	politician
occupation	Taiguara Chalar da Silva (Montevideo, October 9, 1945 -- São Paulo, February 14, 1996), whose stage name was Taiguara, was a Brazilian singer and songwriter.	Taiguara	singer
occupation	Baron Schwartz is an American software engineer most notable for his contributions to the MySQL database.	Baron Schwartz	engineer
occupation	Sherif Farrag is an Egyptian-American fencer.	Sherif Farrag	fencer
occupation	John Twist (July 14, 1898 -- February 11, 1976) was an American screenwriter whose career spanned four decades.	John Twist	screenwriter
occupation	Rich Good (born June 17, 1974 in Crawley, West Sussex) is a British musician and recording artist currently residing in Nevada City, California.	Rich Good	musician
occupation	Neville Buchanan (born October 17, 1959) is a stop motion animator and director based in England.	Neville Buchanan	animator
occupation	Mario Castellani (July 2, 1906 -- April 26, 1978) was an Italian comic actor, best known as the sidekick of famous comic actor Antonio De Curtis (Totò).	Mario Castellani	actor
occupation	Mainak Bhaumik is a Bengali film director and editor.	Mainak Bhaumik	film director
occupation	The Niobid Painter was an ancient Athenian vase painter in the red figure style who was active from approximately 470 to 450 BC. He is named after a calyx krater which shows the god Apollo and his sister Artemis killing the children of Niobe who were collectively called the Niobids.	Niobid Painter	vase painter
occupation	Pete Huttlinger (June 22, 1961 -- January 15, 2016) was an American guitarist.	Pete Huttlinger	guitarist
occupation	Percy Samaraweera was a Sri Lankan politician who belonged to the United National Party.	Percy Samaraweera	politician
occupation	Kelvin Yu (born 1979) is a Taiwanese American actor who began his television and film career with a recurring role as Freddy Gong on the WB series Popular.	Kelvin Yu	actor
occupation	Julie Crysler is a Canadian journalist and a published poet.	Julie Crysler	journalist
occupation	Phillip P. Keene (born September 5, 1966) is an actor.	Phillip P. Keene	actor
occupation	Wallace Arthur is a zoologist specialising in evolutionary developmental biology.	Wallace Arthur	zoologist
occupation	Per Brinch Hansen (November 13, 1938 -- July 31, 2007) was a Danish-American computer scientist known for his work in operating systems, concurrent programming and parallel and distributed computing.	Per Brinch Hansen	computer scientist
occupation	James Millican (1911--1955) was an American actor with over 200 film appearances mostly in western movies.	James Millican	actor
occupation	Lothar Malskat (May 3, 1913 -- February 10, 1988) was a German painter and art restorer who repainted medieval frescoes of Marienkirche in Lübeck.	Lothar Malskat	painter	restorer
occupation	Giacomo da Lentini, also known as Jacopo (il) Notaro, was an Italian poet of the 13th century.	Giacomo da Lentini	poet
occupation	Steve Rash is an American film director and producer best known for directing such films as The Buddy Holly Story, Can't Buy Me Love, Queens Logic, Bring It On:	Steve Rash	film director
occupation	Lawrence Webb is an academic administrator and politician from Falls Church, Virginia.	Lawrence Webb	politician
occupation	Celestino Caballero (born June 21, 1976) is a Panamanian former professional boxer who held the unified IBF and WBA super bantamweight titles, as well as the WBA featherweight title.	Celestino Caballero	boxer
occupation	Simon Goody is a Great Britain Olympic windsurfer from the 1988 Seoul Olympics.	Simon Goody	windsurfer
occupation	Dick Purcell (August 6, 1908 -- April 10, 1944) was an American actor best known for playing Marvel Comics' Captain America in the 1943 film serial, co-starring with Lorna Gray and Lionel Atwill.	Dick Purcell	actor
occupation	Avery Gilbert is a self-described ``smell scientist'' and ``sensory psychologist''.	Avery Gilbert	psychologist
occupation	Rico Yan (/jæn/; born Ricardo Carlos Castro Yan; March 14, 1975 -- March 29, 2002) was a Filipino matinee idol, model, film and television actor, host, spokesperson and entrepreneur.	Rico Yan	model	actor
occupation	Alfred von Domaszewski (October 30, 1856 -- March 25, 1927) was an Austrian historian born in Timişoara in the Habsburg Monarchy.	Alfred von Domaszewski	historian
occupation	John Storyk (born May 10, 1946), a registered architect and acoustician, is a founding partner (with wife and business partner Beth Walters) of Walters-Storyk Design Group.	John Storyk	architect
occupation	Miłosz Horodyski (born 1974 in Kraków) is an artist, painter, a Polish film director and television director, film producer, an academic teacher and journalist.	Miłosz Horodyski	film director	journalist
occupation	Memphis Pal Moore was an American boxer from Memphis.	Memphis Pal Moore	boxer
occupation	Karl Spiro (June 24, 1867 - March 21, 1932) was a German biologist, and physical chemist.	Karl Spiro	biologist	chemist
occupation	Lazare Picault (fl. mid-18th century) was a French explorer known for his exploration of islands in the Seychelles.	Lazare Picault	explorer
occupation	Helena Olsson is a former professional tennis player from Sweden who won the 1983 French Open girls' doubles championship with Carin Anderholm and played on the WTA tour.	Helena Olsson	tennis player
occupation	Barry Boom (born Paul Robinson) is a reggae singer and record producer from London.	Barry Boom	record producer
occupation	Luca Fanfoni (born Parma 1964), is an Italian violinist.	Luca Fanfoni	violinist
occupation	Kelly Robertson (born c. 1956) is a Canadian curler and grain and cattle farmer from Neepawa, Manitoba.	Kelly Robertson	curler
occupation	Paul Schoenfield (born 1947) is a classical composer.	Paul Schoenfield	composer
occupation	Pedram Khosronejad (Persian: پدرام خسرونژاد‎‎; born 1969 Tehran, Iran) is a socio-cultural and visual anthropologist of contemporary Iran.	Pedram Khosronejad	anthropologist
occupation	Arafat Salahuddin (born March 1, 1984 in Mymensingh) is a first class cricketer who has played 30 first class and 22 list A one day matches for Barisal Division up to the end of the 2006/7 season.	Arafat Salahuddin	cricketer
occupation	Kay Lahusen (born January 5, 1930), also known as Kay Tobin Lahusen or Kay Tobin, is the first openly gay American woman photojournalist.	Kay Lahusen	photojournalist
occupation	Ammar Borančić is president of Youth Liberal of Montenegro, and spokesperson of Liberal party of Montenegro.	Ammar Borančić	spokesperson
occupation	Paul Dunlap (July 19, 1919 -- March 11, 2010) was American composer.	Paul Dunlap	composer
occupation	Cal Murphy (March 12, 1932 -- February 18, 2012) was a Canadian football coach, general manager and scout, most notably for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.	Cal Murphy	scout
occupation	Jeff Shesol is an American historian, speechwriter, and comic strip author.	Jeff Shesol	historian
occupation	Dominik Koll (born December 24, 1984) is an Austrian former swimmer, who specialized in freestyle events.	Dominik Koll	swimmer
occupation	Gerald Imber is an American plastic surgeon, specializing in minimally invasive cosmetic surgery techniques to combat aging.	Gerald Imber	plastic surgeon
occupation	Alyona Osmanova (Russian: Алёна Османова; Ukrainian: Альона Османова; born March 31, 1988) is a Ukrainian model.	Alyona Osmanova	model
occupation	Kolë Idromeno (1860--1939) was an Albanian painter, sculptor, photographer, architect and engineer.	Kolë Idromeno	painter	sculptor	photographer	architect	engineer
occupation	Im Chang-jung (born November 30, 1973) is a South Korean actor and singer.	Im Chang-jung	actor	singer
occupation	Daisy McCrackin (born November 12, 1981 in San Francisco, California) is an American actress and singer-songwriter.	Daisy McCrackin	singer-songwriter
occupation	Catholicos Aram I was ordained as a celibate priest in 1968 and obtained the title of Vartabed (Doctor of the Armenian Church) in 1970.	Aram I	priest
occupation	Sarah Vogel is a North Dakota politician and lawyer who served as the North Dakota Commissioner of Agriculture from 1989 to 1997.	Sarah Vogel	politician
occupation	Aishwarya Sakhuja is an Indian model turned actress.	Aishwarya Sakhuja	model
occupation	Anthony Earl Numkena, formerly known as Keena Nomkeena (born August 20, 1942) is a Hopi/Karok Indian who was a child actor from 1949-1958.	Anthony Earl Numkena	child actor
occupation	Drew Deezy is a Samoan American rapper from San Jose, California.	Drew Deezy	rapper
occupation	Victor Andreevich Toponogov (Russian: Ви́ктор Андре́евич Топоно́гов; March 6, 1930 -- November 21, 2004) was a Russian mathematician, noted for his contributions to differential geometry and so-called Riemannian geometry ``in the large''.	Victor Andreevich Toponogov	mathematician
occupation	Lindell Holmes (born April 4, 1957 in Toledo, OH) is a retired American boxer who in 1990-91 held the IBF super-middleweight title.	Lindell Holmes	boxer
occupation	Edmund Williams was an American politician from New Jersey, who served on the Monmouth County, New Jersey Board of Justices and Freeholders.	Edmund Williams	politician
occupation	Mike Wainwright born on 15 December 1975 in Warrington, Cheshire, England is a rugby league player for Swinton Lions in National League Two.	Mike Wainwright	rugby league player
occupation	Anna Davlantes is an American journalist who most recently hosted Good Day Chicago on WFLD FOX-32 Chicago.	Anna Davlantes	journalist
occupation	Toni Kalem (born August 29, 1951) is an American actress, screenwriter and director.	Toni Kalem	screenwriter
occupation	Ahmed Farah Dualeh (Somali: Axmed Faarax Ducaale, Arabic: أحمد فرح دعاله‎) is a Somali-Danish community worker and politician.	Ahmed Farah Dualeh	politician
occupation	Moultrie Patten (June 10, 1919 -- March 18, 2009) was an American actor and jazz musician.	Moultrie Patten	actor	jazz musician
occupation	Pierre-Luc Dusseault (born May 31, 1991) is a Canadian politician who was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 2011 federal election at the age of 19, becoming the youngest Member of Parliament in the country's history.	Pierre-Luc Dusseault	politician
occupation	Serena Mackesy (born c. 1960s) is a British novelist and journalist who lives in London.	Serena Mackesy	novelist	journalist
occupation	Douglas Dedge (June 18, 1966 -- March 18, 1998) was an American mixed martial artist who was the first known American competitor to be fatally injured in an MMA fight and the first death in the modern era of professional MMA.	Douglas Dedge	mixed martial artist
occupation	Jimmy Akingbola is a British television, theatre and film actor.	Jimmy Akingbola	actor
occupation	Abram Lincoln Harris, Jr. (January 17, 1899 -- November 6, 1963) was an American economist, academic, anthropologist and a social critic of blacks in the United States.	Abram Lincoln Harris	economist	anthropologist
occupation	Alberto Melloni (born 1959) is a church historian known especially for his work on the Second Vatican Council.	Alberto Melloni	historian
occupation	Katerina Maleeva (Bulgarian: Катерина Малеева) (born 7 May 1969) is a former top 10 Bulgarian tennis player.	Katerina Maleeva	tennis player
occupation	Muhammad Abdul Latif Biswas (born 11 January 1953) is a Bangladeshi politician, diplomat, and freedom fighter.	Muhammad Abdul Latif Biswas	politician
occupation	Ikram Yakubov is a former intelligence officer of Uzbekistan, in the SNB, who defected to the United Kingdom in 2009.	Ikram Yakubov	intelligence officer
occupation	Ahmed Abdelkefi (born on 1 March 1941) is a Tunisian economist and businessman.	Ahmed Abdelkefi	economist
occupation	Naomi Judd (born Diana Ellen Judd; January 11, 1946) is an American country music singer, songwriter, and activist.	Naomi Judd	singer, songwriter
occupation	Bahram Shirdel is an Iranian architect internationally known as one of the most influential architects dealing with interdisciplinary field of architecture & science & also Fold/Folding Architecture.	Bahram Shirdel	architect
occupation	Mirosław Obłoński (born July 17, 1938 in Warsaw) (``Miki'') is a Polish writer, poet, singer, and artist associated with the Piwnica pod Baranami cabaret.	Mirosław Obłoński	singer
occupation	Nikki Franke (born March 31, 1951) is an American fencer and fencing coach.	Nikki Franke	fencer
occupation	Amy Goldstein is an American director, producer and screenwriter of music videos, television series (HBO, Fox, CBS, Showtime, MTV), and feature films.	Amy Goldstein	screenwriter
occupation	Andriy Verevskyi (Ukrainian: Андрій Веревський) (born July 25, 1974) is a Ukrainian entrepreneur, founder and chairman of the board of Kernel, a Ukrainian diversified agri company.	Andriy Verevskyi	entrepreneur
occupation	Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐ̃ˈtoniu ʁoˈdɾiɡu noˈɡejɾɐ) born June 2, 1976), better known as Minotauro or Rodrigo Minotauro, is a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist known for his technical mastery of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.	Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira	mixed martial artist
occupation	Curtis Sironen is an Australian professional rugby league player who currently plays for the Wests Tigers in the Australian NRL competition.	Curtis Sironen	rugby league player
occupation	Liviu Marinescu (born February 12, 1970, in Bucharest) is a Romanian composer of orchestral and chamber music, currently teaching at California State University, Northridge.	Liviu Marinescu	composer
occupation	Thomas Leo McCarey (October 3, 1898 -- July 5, 1969) was a three-time Academy Award winning American film director, screenwriter and producer.	Leo McCarey	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Jimmie Dale Gilmore (born May 6, 1945) is an American country singer, songwriter, actor, recording artist and producer, currently living in Austin, Texas.	Jimmie Dale Gilmore	singer
occupation	Hussain Imam was a prominent politician of Bihar.	Hussain Imam	politician
occupation	Derrell Dixon (born October 31, 1970 in Portland, OR) was a US American Heavyweight boxer.	Derrell Dixon	boxer
occupation	Fred Tobias is an American songwriter, who was most prominent in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s.	Fred Tobias	songwriter
occupation	Andreas Melbostad is a Norwegian fashion designer who was the creative director for the label Phi before its closure in December of 2009.	Andreas Melbostad	fashion designer
occupation	John Rodney Mullen (born August 17, 1966) is an American professional skateboarder, entrepreneur, inventor, and public speaker who practices freestyle and street skateboarding.	Rodney Mullen	skateboarder
occupation	Sayanora Philip (born March 1, 1984) is a playback singer in Malayalam and Tamil films.	Sayanora Philip	singer
occupation	C. J. Tozzo (born May 3, 1985) is a retired American professional ice hockey player who last played with the Louisiana IceGators in the Southern Professional Hockey League during the 2010-11 season.	C. J. Tozzo	ice hockey player
occupation	Spencer M. Di Scala is an American historian who specializes in the history of modern Europe, particularly the history of Italian socialism.	Spencer M. Di Scala	historian
occupation	Michael Roemer (born January 1, 1928) is a film director, producer and writer.	Michael Roemer	film director
occupation	Cody Jamieson (born July 17, 1987 in Six Nations, Ontario) is an Iroquois lacrosse player who plays for the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League, the Hamilton Nationals of Major League Lacrosse, and the Six Nations Chiefs in Major Series Lacrosse.	Cody Jamieson	lacrosse player
occupation	Tracey Kelusky (born September 9, 1975) is a Canadian retired lacrosse player who played for the Columbus Landsharks, Montreal Express, Calgary Roughnecks, Buffalo Bandits and Philadelphia Wings.	Tracey Kelusky	lacrosse player
occupation	Kim C (Korean: 김C, born November 15, 1971) is a South Korean singer from Hot Potato and an entertainer.	Kim C	singer
occupation	Samar Guha (Bengali: সমর গুহ) was a noted Indian politician, and an Indian independence movement activist.	Samar Guha	politician
occupation	Mykel Shannon Jenkins (born July 3, 1969) is an American actor, perhaps best known as the winner of the first season of the SOAPnet reality television series I Wanna Be a Soap Star.	Mykel Shannon Jenkins	actor
occupation	Seth Baczynski (born October 26, 1981) is an American mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the Welterweight of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Seth Baczynski	mixed martial artist
occupation	Bob Enyart is an American talk radio host, author, and pastor of Denver Bible Church.	Bob Enyart	radio host
occupation	Robert Lee Moore (November 14, 1882 -- October 4, 1974) was an American mathematician, known for his work in general topology and the Moore method of teaching university mathematics.	Robert Lee Moore	mathematician
occupation	Aristos Doxiadis or Doksiadis (Greek: Αρίστος Δοξιάδης) (b. 1951) is a Greek economist.	Aristos Doxiadis	economist
occupation	Alvaro de Molina (born July 13, 1957) was the chief financial officer of Bank of America Corporation.	Alvaro de Molina	chief financial officer
occupation	William Addams Reitwiesner (March 8, 1954 -- November 12, 2010) was an American genealogist who traced the ancestry of United States political figures, European royalty and celebrities.	William Addams Reitwiesner	genealogist
occupation	Oscar Strasnoy (born November 12, 1970) is a French-Argentine composer, conductor and pianist.	Oscar Strasnoy	composer	conductor	pianist
occupation	Pannalal Bose was an eminent jurist and a judge who delivered famous ``Bhawal's Case'' which rocked the Privy Council by storm setting aside the Full Bench Judgment of the Calcutta High Court.	Pannalal Bose	judge
occupation	Grace Kelley (born 1894, date of death missing) was an American politician in the state of Washington.	Grace Kelley	politician
occupation	Seth Appert (born August 9, 1974) is an American ice hockey coach and former college ice hockey player.	Seth Appert	ice hockey player
occupation	William Armstrong Percy III (born December 10, 1933) is an American professor, historian, encyclopedist, and gay activist and pederasty rights advocate.	William Armstrong Percy III	historian
occupation	James M. Birney (June 17, 1817 -- May 8, 1888) was an American lawyer, newspaper publisher and politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.	James M. Birney	lawyer	politician
occupation	Kue King (born Ronald Sunga Reyes; January 17, 1981) is a Filipino American sculptor.	Kue King	sculptor
occupation	Stanley Ross was a moniker used by American indie songwriter Nicholas Meiers based in Chicago, Illinois.	Stanley Ross	songwriter
occupation	Kashif Mehmood (Urdu: کاشف محمود‎) is a Pakistani actor.	Kashif Mehmood	actor
occupation	Dorake Witharanage Ashana Niroshan Dilshan Vitharana, (born May 13, 1978 in Kandy), but more commonly known as Dilshan Vitharana, is a Sri Lankan cricketer.	Dilshan Vitharana	cricketer
occupation	Michael Schearer (born November 28, 1975) is an American computer security researcher and writer who is known for his research and presentations on the technology of improvised explosive devices, wireless security, cryptography, privacy, and related legal issues.	Michael Schearer	writer
occupation	Fred Harman (February 9, 1902 - January 2, 1982) was an American artist, best known for his popular Red Ryder comic strip, which he drew for 25 years, reaching 40 million readers through 750 newspapers.	Fred Harman	artist
occupation	V. James Bamford (born September 15, 1946) is an American bestselling author and journalist noted for his writing about United States intelligence agencies, especially the National Security Agency (NSA).	James Bamford	author	journalist
occupation	Rico Saccani (born April 16, 1952) is an Italian conductor who served as Music Director/Artistic Adviser of the Budapest Philharmonic Orchestra between 1996 and 2005 and was principal guest conductor of the Hungarian State Opera from 1985 to 2005.	Rico Saccani	conductor
occupation	Antidotus was an ancient Greek painter, mentioned by Pliny the Elder in his Natural History	Antidotus	painter
occupation	Owen O'Neill is a Northern Irish writer, actor, director, and comedian.	Owen O'Neill	actor	comedian
occupation	Juan Arricivita was a Catholic missionary.	Juan Arricivita	missionary
occupation	Pierre Lafleur (born February 13, 1939) is a former French Canadian professional wrestler who is best known for his appearances with the World Wide Wrestling Federation under the ring name Lumberjack Pierre where he was the half of The Yukon Lumberjacks.	Lumberjack Pierre	professional wrestler
occupation	Randa Habib is a French journalist of Lebanese origin, who as director of the Amman, Jordan, bureau of Agence France-Presse (AFP), one of the three global news agencies, since 1987, has spent 25 years covering war, politics and economic development in the Middle East.	Randa Habib	journalist
occupation	Leslie MacDougall (born Leslie Allan, April 29, 1970 in Lachine, Quebec) is a Canadian curler from Cornwall, Prince Edward Island.	Leslie MacDougall	curler
occupation	Jin Li (Chinese: 金力; pinyin: Jin Li; born 1963) is a Chinese geneticist and the vice-president of Fudan University.	Jin Li	geneticist
occupation	Stan Malinowski (born Stanley Edward Malinowski, Jr. on November 2, 1936 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American photographer known for his fashion photography.	Stan Malinowski	photographer
occupation	John Elton Coon (August 10, 1907 -- March 9, 1993) was a Democratic politician from Monroe, Louisiana, who served from 1948 to 1949 in the Louisiana House of Representatives and from 1949 to 1956 as the mayor of Monroe.	John Elton Coon	politician
occupation	Ewald Heer (July 28, 1930) is an aerospace engineer, author and professor who has worked on robotics, artificial intelligence (AI), and large space structures.	Ewald Heer	aerospace engineer
occupation	Laurel Hausler is a contemporary oil painter and sculptor with a cult following.	Laurel Hausler	painter
occupation	Burcu Güneş (Turkish pronunciation: (buɾˈdʒu ɟyˈneʃ); born August 12th, 1975, İzmir) is a Turkish singer.	Burcu Güneş	singer
occupation	Hossein Rahnama (born 1980) is an academic entrepreneur and an innovator.	Hossein Rahnama	entrepreneur
occupation	Daniel Bonevac is an American philosopher born in Pittsburgh.	Daniel Bonevac	philosopher
occupation	George Aubourne Clarke was a Scottish meteorologist, best known for his photographs of cloud types.	George Aubourne Clarke	meteorologist
occupation	The Pisticci Painter was a vase painter who lived in the second half of the 5th century B.C. Many of his artistic works were discovered in Pisticci, a small town a few kilometers from Metaponto, Basilicata, Italy.	Pisticci Painter	vase painter
occupation	Graham Knuttel is an Irish painter and sculptor, whose work has been collected by various celebrities, such as Sylvester Stallone, Robert De Niro, Frank Sinatra, Eddie Jordan and Michael Stipe.	Graham Knuttel	painter
occupation	Reem Al Marzouqi (Arabic: ريم المرزوقي‎ ) is an Emirati engineer and the first citizen of the UAE to be granted a patent in the United States of America for designing a car that can be driven without hands.	Reem Al Marzouqi	engineer
occupation	Moris Tepper, sometimes credited as Jeff Moris Tepper, is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist and artist.	Moris Tepper	singer-songwriter
occupation	Magda Umer (/ˈʊmɛr/; born Małgorzata Magda Umer, October 9, 1949) is a Polish singer and performer of sung poetry, journalist, author, film director, screenwriter, actress, and author of recitals.	Magda Umer	singer
occupation	Although he started as a writer of poetry he soon began to publish stories, from 1943 under the adopted name Orhan Kemal.	Orhan Kemal	writer
occupation	Jerry Blackwell (April 26, 1949 -- January 22, 1995) was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name ``Crusher'' Jerry Blackwell.	Jerry Blackwell	professional wrestler
occupation	Vamsi Krishna is an Indian film actor who has appeared in Telugu and Tamil language films.	Vamsi Krishna	actor
occupation	Mickaël Bethe-Selassié (born 1951) is an Ethiopian sculptor known for his work in papier mâché.	Mickaël Bethe-Selassié	sculptor
occupation	Immanuel Vasanth Dinakaran, better known as D. Imman, is an Indian film composer and singer, predominantly working in the Tamil film industry.	D. Imman	composer	singer
occupation	David Howard Harrison (June 1, 1843 -- September 8, 1905) was a politician, farmer and physician.	David Howard Harrison	politician
occupation	Narendra Rocherolle is an American entrepreneur, designer, and software engineer.	Narendra Rocherolle	engineer
occupation	Annette Auguste (also known as Sò Anne or Sò Ann, born 1940/1941) is a Haitian folk singer and activist.	Annette Auguste	singer
occupation	Robert Emmet Hayes (born February 11, 1951 in Brockton, Massachusetts) is an American lobbyist and politician who represented the 7th Plymouth District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1983 to 1991.	Emmet Hayes	lobbyist	politician
occupation	George B. Reed (November 9, 1807 -- January 10, 1883) was an American politician and lawyer, prominent in the early history of Wisconsin.	George B. Reed	politician	lawyer
occupation	Rabbi Bezalel Rakow (May 15, 1927 -- July 20, 2003) was an orthodox rabbi who headed Gateshead's Jewish community.	Bezalel Rakow	rabbi
occupation	Tushar Kalia is an Indian dancer and dance instructor, specializing in Mayur Bhanj Chhau, Kalari and Contemporary dance.	Tushar Kalia	dancer
occupation	Ion Th. Simionescu (born Ion Gheorghiu; July 10, 1873--January 7, 1944) was a Romanian geologist, paleontologist and naturalist.	Ion Th. Simionescu	paleontologist
occupation	Johan Vaaler (March 15, 1866 -- March 14, 1910) was a Norwegian inventor and patent clerk, from 1892 office manager of Bryns Patentkontor in Kristiania.	Johan Vaaler	inventor
occupation	Abdul Majeed Bhat Laram popularly Known as Majeed Larm is a Kashmiri politician social worker and businessman and one of the state's most prominent politician .	Majeed Bhat Laram	politician
occupation	Ray Barretto (April 29, 1929 -- February 17, 2006) was an American Grammy Award-winning Latin/Latin jazz musician of Puerto Rican ancestry.	Ray Barretto	jazz musician
occupation	Alain de Lille (or Alanus ab Insulis) (c. 1128 -- 1202/1203) was a French theologian and poet.	Alain de Lille	theologian
occupation	Benjamin Edward Johnson (October 28, 1914 -- June 8, 1983), known as B. Ed Johnson, was a businessman, broadcaster and politician in the U.S. state of Georgia.	B. Ed Johnson	politician
occupation	Cathy Jordan is a singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist.	Cathy Jordan	singer
occupation	Ken Ghosh is an Indian Hindi film director and screen writer.	Ken Ghosh	film director
occupation	Janet Finch-Saunders is a Conservative Party politician and Assembly Member for Aberconwy in the National Assembly for Wales after the May 2011 election.	Janet Finch-Saunders	politician
occupation	James E. Muller, M.D. is an American cardiologist and medical device executive.	James E. Muller	cardiologist
occupation	Morpurgo was involved in the development of the Children's Laureate role: ``The idea for the Children's Laureate originated from a conversation between (the then) Poet Laureate Ted Hughes and children's writer Michael Morpurgo.''	Michael Morpurgo	writer
occupation	Bill Mondy, sometimes credited as Bill Monday, is an American film and television actor.	Bill Mondy	actor
occupation	Roger Olmos Pastor is a Spanish illustrator.	Roger Olmos	illustrator
occupation	Anita Hoffman (March 16, 1942 -- December 27, 1998), born Anita Kushner, and was a Yippie activist, writer, prankster, and the wife of Abbie Hoffman.	Anita Hoffman	writer
occupation	Buddy Pepper (April 21, 1922 -- February 7, 1993) was an American composer, arranger and actor working mostly in the motion picture industry.	Buddy Pepper	composer
occupation	Virginia Murphy Blankenbaker (born March 29, 1933) was an American politician and educator.	Virginia Murphy Blankenbaker	politician
occupation	Erland Harold Hedrick, better known as E. H. Hedrick (August 9, 1894 -- September 20, 1954) was an American Democratic politician from West Virginia.	E. H. Hedrick	politician
occupation	Andrea Bruschi (born May 1, 1968) is an Italian actor who has appeared in a number of comedy, action, and suspense films, and has also worked as a producer, director, and screenwriter.	Andrea Bruschi	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Hatem Yassen is an Egyptian professional snooker player.	Hatem Yassen	snooker player
occupation	Karel Pergler, known also by Anglicized Charles Pergler (Liblín, March 6, 1882 -- Washington, D.C., August 14, 1954) was a Czech-American lawyer, journalist, diplomat and politician.	Charles Pergler	diplomat
occupation	Melissa Myerscough (pronounced Myersc/co), née Price (born September 5, 1979) is an American hammer thrower.	Melissa Myerscough	hammer thrower
occupation	Andi Gutmans (Hebrew: אנדי גוטמנס‎) is an Israeli programmer and entrepreneur.	Andi Gutmans	programmer	entrepreneur
occupation	Dimitri Shevardnadze (Georgian: დიმიტრი შევარდნაძე) (December 1, 1885 -- 1937) was a Georgian painter, art collector and intellectual purged during Joseph Stalin's repressions.	Dimitri Shevardnadze	painter
occupation	Joanna Marie Pagaspas Webb, known as Pinky Webb (born June 11, 1970) is a Filipino broadcast journalist, best known as a news anchor at Philippine television channels ABS-CBN and ANC and the radio station DZMM.	Pinky Webb	journalist
occupation	Zauresh Baibussinova (Kazakh: Зауреш Байбусинова; born July 13, 1970 in Almaty) is a Kazakhstani sport shooter.	Zauresh Baibussinova	sport shooter
occupation	Jim Korthe (June 26, 1970 -- January 13, 2010) was an American heavy metal musician and social worker.	Jim Korthe	musician
occupation	Eku Edewor (born Georgina Chloe Eku Edewor-Thorley; 18 December) is a British Nigerian actress, television presenter, and model.	Eku Edewor	model
occupation	Manuel Barbeyto (March 20, 1902 - October 26, 1979) was a Filipino actor of early 1930s before the war struck in the City of Manila.	Manuel Barbeyto	actor
occupation	Vincent Tubbs was a leading African American journalist, who became the first black person to head a motion picture industry union.	Vincent Tubbs	journalist
occupation	Simon Svabic ( ) is a Serbian-British rugby league player.	Simon Svabic	rugby league player
occupation	Antonio Juez Nieto (March 7, 1893 -- September 25, 1963) was a Flemish Art Nouveau painter, writer, illustrator active in Badajoz.	Antonio Juez Nieto	painter
occupation	Pøbel (East Norwegian pronunciation: (pœːbeːɭ), meaning hooligan) is a pseudonymous Norwegian street artist based in Stavanger.	Pøbel	artist
occupation	The presence of the Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam, the Emperor's Truthsayer, betrayed the importance of this audience.	Gaius Helen Mohiam	Truthsayer
occupation	Thomas Broberg is a senior engineer for Volvo in Gothenburg, Sweden, who is active in automobile safety.	Thomas Broberg	engineer
occupation	Angel Robinson Garcia (May 9, 1937 -- June 1, 2000) was a Cuban professional boxer, who was the Latin American Super-Featherweight champion.	Angel Robinson Garcia	boxer
occupation	Terry Milewski (born 1949 or 1950) is a Canadian journalist, who is the senior correspondent for CBC News.	Terry Milewski	journalist
occupation	Satya Narayana Charka is a Kathak dancer, teacher, and choreographer.	Satya Narayana Charka	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Harold Cartwright (born 12 May 1951) is a former English cricketer who played cricket for Derbyshire between 1971 and 1979.	Harold Cartwright	cricketer
occupation	Bernd Spier (born April 6, 1944) is a German schlager singer and record producer.	Bernd Spier	singer
occupation	Ieuan Deulwyn (fl. c. 1460) was a Welsh language poet or bard.	Ieuan Deulwyn	poet
occupation	Caroline Zoe Schumm (Zoe) (born May 27, 1988) is an American fashion designer and entrepreneur.	Caroline Zoe Schumm	fashion designer
occupation	Jalile Jalil (Kurdish: Celîlê Celîl‎, 1936- ), is a Yazidi historian, writer and Kurdologist.	Jalile Jalil	historian	writer
occupation	Wahed Nazari (born in Kabul, February 25, 1953) is an Afghan film director.	Wahed Nazari	film director
occupation	Atul Kale is an actor, singer, musician and director.	Atul Kale	actor	singer
occupation	Onaje Allan Gumbs (born September 3, 1949) is a New York-based pianist, composer, and bandleader.	Onaje Allan Gumbs	pianist	composer
occupation	Polly-Louisa Salmon (born 1990) is a British pop singer known by her stage name GFOTY, an abbreviation of Girlfriend of the Year.	GFOTY	singer
occupation	Alexandre Mihalesco (1883--1974) was a Romanian film actor who largely appeared in French productions.	Alexandre Mihalesco	actor
occupation	Hughie Cannon was a composer and lyricist who was born in Detroit, Michigan 1877 and died in 1912 in Toledo, Ohio.	Hughie Cannon	composer
occupation	Gopala Ratnam Subramaniam (born 2 June 1955), commonly known by his screen name Mani Ratnam, is an Indian film director, screenwriter, and producer who predominantly works in Tamil cinema.	Mani Ratnam	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Mike Neu (born December 29, 1970) is the head coach of the Ball State Cardinals football team at Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana.	Mike Neu	head coach
occupation	Wilbur Mitcham (December 10, 1923 - June 15, 2003) was an internationally renowned southern chef from Macon, Georgia.	Wilbur Mitcham	chef
occupation	Austin Belknap (July 18, 1819 -- December 9, 1902) was a Massachusetts businessman and politician who served as a member, and last Chairman, of the Board of Selectmen of Somerville, Massachusetts, and as the third Mayor, of Somerville.	Austin Belknap	politician
occupation	Trent Bushey (born June 23, 1964, different in Haverhill, Massachusetts) is an American actor.	Trent Bushey	actor
occupation	José Guadalupe Cervantes Corona (May 24, 1924 -- March 13, 2013) was a Mexican politician and academic.	José Guadalupe Cervantes Corona	politician
occupation	Ahwan Sebastian was a playwright, director, music director and actor in Malayalam.	Ahwan Sebastian	actor
occupation	Shock White (dates of birth and death unknown) was a noted English cricketer of the mid-18th century who played for Middlesex.	Shock White	cricketer
occupation	Rufus Choate (October 1, 1799 -- July 13, 1859) was an American lawyer, orator, and Congressman.	Rufus Choate	lawyer
occupation	Abdel Latif El Zein (born November 23, 1932) is a Lebanese politician, and has been serving as Member of Parliament since 1960.	Abdel Latif El Zein	politician
occupation	Percy Daniels (September 17, 1840 in Globe Village in Woonsocket, Rhode Island -- February 14, 1916 in Girard, Kansas) was an American soldier, businessman, civil engineer, surveyor, author and Populist politician.	Percy Daniels	politician
occupation	Tutu Puoane is a South African Jazz singer.	Tutu Puoane	singer
occupation	Jarkko Martikainen (born October 24, 1970 in Greifswald, GDR) is a Finnish singer, songwriter and member of the rock band YUP.	Jarkko Martikainen	singer
occupation	Following his retirement from football, Les Lear became involved in Thoroughbred horse racing both as a horse trainer and an owner.	Les Lear	horse trainer
occupation	Leonidas Chantzaras (born on July 29), better known by his artist name Freakchild (also sometimes stylized as DaFreakchild) is a Greek-German multi-gold and platinum songwriter, producer, publisher, A&R and former singer.	Leonidas Chantzaras	songwriter
occupation	George Dweh is a Liberian politician and a member of the ethnic Krahn group operating in the LURD and the MODEL faction groups.	George Dweh	politician
occupation	Hermione Way (born in Devon, England) is a new media journalist, Reality TV personality, and entrepreneur.	Hermione Way	journalist	entrepreneur
occupation	Nancy Moran (born Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States) is an American folk-rock singer-songwriter, based in Nashville, Tennessee.	Nancy Moran	singer	songwriter
occupation	Phil Tucker (May 22, 1927 -- November 30, 1985) was an American film director, writer, producer, and Film editor.	Phil Tucker	film director
occupation	Tom Hampton (born July 25, 1965 in Savannah, Tennessee) is a multi-instrumentalist, sideman, session musician and singer/songwriter.	Tom Hampton	singer
occupation	Alfred C. Converse (March 17, 1827 -- April 26, 1915) was a Massachusetts businessman and politician who served as the eighteenth Mayor of Chelsea, Massachusetts.	Alfred C. Converse	politician
occupation	Drew Halfmann (born June 28, 1967) is an American sociologist best known for his research on social policy in the United States.	Drew Halfmann	sociologist
occupation	Karin Kadenbach is an Austrian politician of the social democratic party.	Karin Kadenbach	politician
occupation	Peter Lurye is a composer and lyricist.	Peter Lurye	composer
occupation	Edward Knoblock (born Edward Gustav Knoblauch; April 7, 1874 - July 19, 1945) was an American-born British playwright and novelist most remembered for the often revived 1911 play, Kismet.	Edward Knoblock	playwright
occupation	James Kabatha Kamande (also Jimmy Kamande) (born December 12, 1978) is a Kenyan cricketer.	Jimmy Kamande	cricketer
occupation	Bob Walkenhorst is a Kansas City-based singer/songwriter/musician/painter.	Bob Walkenhorst	singer
occupation	Sarah Williams (December 1837 --April 25, 1868) was an English poet and novelist, most famous as the author of ``The Old Astronomer'' (also known as ``The Old Astronomer to His Pupil'').	Sarah Williams	poet	novelist
occupation	Ottaviano da Faenza, an Italian painter of the 14th century, who was instructed by Giotto, spent the greater part of his life at Faenza, where he died.	Ottaviano da Faenza	painter
occupation	Sue Jones-Davies (born 1 January 1949) is a Welsh actress and singer, who appeared as Judith Iscariot in the 1979 film Monty Python's Life of Brian.	Sue Jones-Davies	singer
occupation	Julianna Peña (born August 19, 1989) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Julianna Peña	mixed martial artist
occupation	Jonathan Curiel (born July 10, 1960) is an American journalist, in San Francisco.	Jonathan Curiel	journalist
occupation	Andrew S. Breidenbaugh is a librarian and director of the Tampa-Hillsborough County Public Library System.	Andrew S. Breidenbaugh	librarian
occupation	James W. Cannon (born January 30, 1943) is an American mathematician working in the areas of low-dimensional topology and geometric group theory.	James W. Cannon	mathematician
occupation	Horace McCoy (April 14, 1897 -- December 15, 1955) was an American writer whose hardboiled novels took place during the Great Depression.	Horace McCoy	writer
occupation	Anil Dharker is a columnist and writer.	Anil Dharker	writer
occupation	Monica Dogra is an American singer and actress of Indian origin.	Monica Dogra	singer
occupation	Eugene Guth (August 21, 1905 in Budapest, Hungary -- July 5, 1990) was an American physicist who made contributions to polymer physics and to nuclear and solid state physics.	Eugene Guth	physicist
occupation	Ayelish McGarvey is a journalist covering the religious right.	Ayelish McGarvey	journalist
occupation	Beate Schramm (born June 21, 1966) is a German rower and Olympic gold medalist.	Beate Schramm	rower
occupation	Ira H. Abbott (July 18, 1906 -- November 3, 1988) was an American aerospace engineer.	Ira H. Abbott	aerospace engineer
occupation	Lance Olsen (born October 14, 1956) is an American metamodern writer known for his experimental, lyrical, fragmentary, cross-genre narratives that question the limits of historical knowledge.	Lance Olsen	writer
occupation	Zane Frazier (born July 16, 1966) is an American former karateka, kickboxer and mixed martial artist who competed in the heavyweight division.	Zane Frazier	karateka	kickboxer	mixed martial artist
occupation	Renatus Profuturus Frigeridus was a fifth-century historian.	Renatus Profuturus Frigeridus	historian
occupation	Sir John Tarbat was a Ceylonese politician and sportsmen.	John Tarbat	politician
occupation	Ramsey Nijem (born April 1, 1988) is an American mixed martial artist who last competed in the lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Ramsey Nijem	mixed martial artist
occupation	Henry Sargent Codman was an American landscape architect in Frederick Law Olmsted's celebrated design firm.	Henry Sargent Codman	architect
occupation	Justin Hartfield is an entrepreneur and venture capitalist from Orange County, California.	Justin Hartfield	entrepreneur
occupation	Jimmie Lee Jackson (December 16, 1938 -- February 26, 1965) was a civil rights activist in Marion, Alabama, and a deacon in the Baptist church.	Jimmie Lee Jackson	deacon
occupation	Thomas Adeoye Lambo (March 29, 1923 -- March 13, 2004) was a Nigerian scholar, administrator and psychiatrist.	Thomas Adeoye Lambo	psychiatrist
occupation	Cormac Mac Duinnshléibhe, Irish physician and scribe, fl.	Cormac Mac Duinnshléibhe	physician
occupation	Mpowele Swathe is a South African politician, a former Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance, and the former Shadow Minister of Rural Development and Land Reform.	Mpowele Swathe	politician
occupation	Wyn Harness (1960--2007) was a journalist at The Independent from the newspaper's creation in 1986.	Wyn Harness	journalist
occupation	Kelly Hogan (born January 11, 1965) is an American singer-songwriter, often known for her work as a member of Neko Case's backing band, as well as for her solo work.	Kelly Hogan	singer
occupation	Kitty Kelley (born April 4, 1942) is an American journalist and author of several best-selling unauthorized biographies of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Rock Hudson, Elizabeth Taylor, Frank Sinatra, Nancy Reagan, the British Royal Family, the Bush family, and Oprah Winfrey.	Kitty Kelley	journalist
occupation	Sisir Mishra is an Indian film director and screenwriter most renowned for directing critically acclaimed films like ``Bheegi Palkein'', ``Samay Ki Dhara'', ``Billoo Baadshaah'', ``TADA'' and ``Aseema''.	Sisir Mishra	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Carlos Leal (born 1969) is a Swiss rapper and actor.	Carlos Leal	actor
occupation	Max Henius (June 16, 1859 -- November 15, 1935) was a Danish-American biochemist who specialized in the fermentation processes.	Max Henius	biochemist
occupation	Similarly, Haye Chorre Ki Jaat Badi Bewafa, a duet with G. M. Durrani, was Lata's first song for composer, Naushad.	G. M. Durrani	composer
occupation	Ricardo ``Richie'' Ray (born February 15, 1945) is a virtuoso pianist, singer, music arranger, composer and religious minister known for his success beginning in 1965 as part of the duo Richie Ray & Bobby Cruz.	Richie Ray	singer	composer
occupation	David Gribble is an Australian cinematographer and director of photography based in New South Wales.	David Gribble	cinematographer
occupation	Jeff Koke is a writer, graphic designer and business owner currently living in Austin, Texas.	Jeff Koke	graphic designer
occupation	Chris Charlesworth is a British-based music journalist and author; and, since 1983, managing editor of Omnibus Press.	Chris Charlesworth	journalist
occupation	Hannelore Göttlich is a retired German rower who won six medals at the European championships of 1959--1964, five of them with Helga Richter.	Hannelore Göttlich	rower
occupation	Colleen Rennison (born December 2, 1987) is a Canadian singer/songwriter and actress of feature films, television movies and television series.	Colleen Rennison	singer
occupation	Yumsem Matey is a politician from Lazu Village, (OLLO Community) Tirap Dist. Arunachal Pradesh, state in India.	Yumsem Matey	politician
occupation	James Tobin (March 5, 1918 -- March 11, 2002) was an American economist who served on the Council of Economic Advisers and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and taught at Harvard and Yale Universities.	James Tobin	economist
occupation	Manuel de Mesquita Perestrelo (c.1510, Santo Estêvão - c.1580, Santo Estêvão) was a Portuguese navigator and cartographer.	Manuel de Mesquita Perestrelo	cartographer
occupation	Marie Magdeleine Real del Sarte or Real del Sarte (1853 -- 1927) was a French painter and model.	Marie Magdeleine Real del Sarte	painter	model
occupation	Paul Northeast is a former Australian rules footballer for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Paul Northeast	Australian rules footballer
occupation	William Dering (active between 1735 and 1751) was an American dancing master and painter active primarily in Virginia.	William Dering	painter
occupation	Danuta Lato is a Polish glamour model, actress and later singer.	Danuta Lato	model
occupation	Alex Zahara is a Canadian actor and a voice actor.	Alex Zahara	actor	voice actor
occupation	Barry Edelstein is an American theatre director, author, and educator.	Barry Edelstein	theatre director
occupation	Fiona Fung (Traditional Chinese 馮曦妤; Simplified Chinese 冯曦妤; born December 14, 1983), also known as Fung Hei-yu, is a Cantopop singer-lyricist based in Hong Kong.	Fiona Fung	singer
occupation	Asaph Hall III (October 15, 1829 -- November 22, 1907) was an American astronomer who is most famous for having discovered the moons of Mars, Deimos and Phobos, in 1877.	Asaph Hall	astronomer
occupation	Gabriele Antonini (born 16 April 1938) is an Italian former film, stage and television actor.	Gabriele Antonini	actor
occupation	Carlos Torres Torrija is a Venezuelan actor, well known for his role in the TV series Gitanas.	Carlos Torres Torrija	actor
occupation	Yolande Bavan (born June 1, 1942 in Ceylon) is a singer and actress.	Yolande Bavan	singer
occupation	David S. Wollan (March 14, 1937 -- August 25, 2008) was an American physicist and arms control specialist.	David S. Wollan	physicist
occupation	Rita Lynch is an English singer-songwriter who achieved a major profile in the UK the early 1990s and was the subject of a Channel 4 documentary, filmed as part of the Out series.	Rita Lynch	singer-songwriter
occupation	Fereidoun Biglari (Persian: فریدون بیگلری‎) is an Iranian archaeologist and a museum curator.	Fereidoun Biglari	archaeologist
occupation	Robert Ethelbert Beattie (March 20, 1875 -- May 5, 1925) was a Canadian politician and pharmacist.	Robert Ethelbert Beattie	politician
occupation	Muthu Thandavar (1525 - 1600 CE) was composer of Carnatic music.	Muthu Thandavar	composer
occupation	Stefan Kutrzeba (born May 4, 1946) is a Polish classical pianist and pedagogue specialized in the piano methods of Frédéric Chopin and Heinrich Neuhaus.	Stefan Kutrzeba	pianist
occupation	Mary Gaitskill (born November 11, 1954) is an American novelist, essayist, and short story writer.	Mary Gaitskill	novelist
occupation	Azim Hussein is a Fiji Indian educationaist and politician who won the Nasinu Rewa Open Constituency for the Labour Party in 2006 general election defeating the John Ali of Soqosoqo Duavata ni Lewenivanua (SDL), who had formerly held the seat as a Labour Party candidate.	Azim Hussein	politician
occupation	Johnnie Bryan Hunt, Sr. (February 28, 1927 -- December 7, 2006), better known as J. B. Hunt, was an American entrepreneur who founded J.B. Hunt Transport Services, the largest publicly-owned trucking company in the US.	Johnnie Bryan Hunt	entrepreneur
occupation	Knox Chandler is a session guitarist and cellist.	Knox Chandler	cellist
occupation	Mark Cendrowski is an American television director best known for his work on CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.	Mark Cendrowski	television director
occupation	Björn Larsson (born May 12, 1975) is a Swedish game director, executive producer and game designer.	Björn Larsson	executive producer
occupation	José-Alain Sahel is a French ophthalmologist and scientist.	José-Alain Sahel	ophthalmologist
occupation	Volbrecht Nagel (1867 -- 1921) was a German missionary to the Malabar coast of India.	Volbrecht Nagel	missionary
occupation	Katherine Bailess (born April 24, 1980) is an American actress, singer, and dancer best known for playing the role of Erica Marsh on the CW's hit show One Tree Hill, Life and Death Brigade member Stephanie on Gilmore Girls, and Kyle Hart on the VH1 series Hit the Floor.	Katherine Bailess	singer	dancer
occupation	Alicia Seegert (born c. 1965) is a former All-American softball player.	Alicia Seegert	softball player
occupation	Amanda Swisten (born December 20, 1978) is an American model and actress who has appeared in various films and TV shows.	Amanda Swisten	model
occupation	Giovanni Antonio Caldelli (1721-1791) was an Italian-Swiss painter, active in both figure and quadratura painting.	Giovanni Antonio Caldelli	painter
occupation	Nigel Betts is an English actor who has an irregular recurring role in ITV soap opera Emmerdale as Sales Manager Eddie Hope.	Nigel Betts	actor
occupation	Tahir Emra (1938) is an Albanian painter.	Tahir Emra	painter
occupation	Yücel Gündoğdu (born August 10, 1985) is a European champion Turkish karateka competing in the kumite -65 kg division.	Yücel Gündoğdu	karateka
occupation	Gus Giordano (July 10, 1923 -- March 9, 2008) was an American jazz dancer and choreographer.	Gus Giordano	choreographer
occupation	Cornelia Nixon is a novelist, short-story writer and teacher.	Cornelia Nixon	novelist
occupation	Hershel Shanks is ``probably the world's most influential amateur Biblical archaeologist,'' wrote New York Times book critic Richard Bernstein.	Hershel Shanks	archaeologist
occupation	M. Padma Devender Reddy (born 6 June 1969) is an Indian politician and First Deputy Speaker in Telangana Legislative Assembly.	Padma Devender Reddy	politician
occupation	Jean Jacques Smoothie is a British disc jockey, born in Gloucester as Steve Robson.	Jean Jacques Smoothie	disc jockey
occupation	Descemer Bueno (born 1971, Habana Vieja) is a Cuban singer, composer, and producer.	Descemer Bueno	singer
occupation	J. Searcy Bracewell, Jr. (January 19, 1918 -- May 13, 2003), was a Texas Democratic politician and founder of the law firm Bracewell & Giuliani, based in Houston.	J. Searcy Bracewell, Jr.	politician
occupation	Guo Zhengxin (Chinese: 郭政新, born August 1, 1979) is a Chinese former figure skater who competed in men's singles.	Guo Zhengxin	figure skater
occupation	Anton Cassar (1924 -- June 30, 2014) was a Maltese journalist and editor, who founded L-Orizzont, a national daily newspaper, in 1962.	Anton Cassar	journalist
occupation	Scott Columbus (November 10, 1956 -- April 4, 2011) was an American drummer, best known for his long period of collaboration with heavy metal band Manowar.	Scott Columbus	drummer
occupation	Ashagi Lamiya is an Indian artist, Indian Television presenter, screen writer, photographer and actor.	Ashagi Lamiya	photographer
occupation	Bob Rothberg (October 28, 1901, New York City, New York - February 1, 1938, New York City, New York) was a Tin Pan Alley songwriter and lyricist.	Bob Rothberg	songwriter
occupation	Rob Hutton (born April 7, 1967) is an American businessman and politician who currently serves in the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Rob Hutton	politician
occupation	William H. Holt (November 29, 1842 -- March 6, 1919) was the first judge of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico, as established by the Foraker Act of 1900.	William H. Holt	judge
occupation	Dónal Ó Maoláine, aka Eamon Mhagaine, Irish poet and rapparee, fl.	Dónal Ó Maoláine	poet
occupation	Amy Lemons is an American fashion model and model advocate.	Amy Lemons	model
occupation	Wyatt C. Whitley (October 17, 1900 -- November 5, 1982) was an American chemist, professor of chemistry and a former director of the Engineering Experiment Station at the Georgia Institute of Technology (now known as the Georgia Tech Research Institute) from 1963 until 1968.	Wyatt C. Whitley	chemist
occupation	Steven Andrew ``Steve'' Slocum (born November 5, 1979) is a retired American professional wrestler, better known for his time in WWE under the ring name Jackson Andrews, where he acted as Tyson Kidd's enforcer while on the Raw brand.	Jackson Andrews	professional wrestler
occupation	Anisha Singh is an Indian digital entrepreneur.	Anisha Singh	entrepreneur
occupation	Jack Ward Smith (November 16, 1913 in Seattle, Washington -- July 3, 2006), known as Smilin' Jack Smith, was a crooner, radio host and actor.	Smilin' Jack Smith	actor
occupation	Jerzy Hoffman (pronounced (ˈjɛʐɨ ˈxɔfman); born March 15, 1932) is a Polish film director and screenwriter.	Jerzy Hoffman	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Pauls Dauge (born August 22, 1869, Sauka parish -- February 9, 1946, Riga) was a Latvian dentist, Bolshevik revolutionary activist and writer.	Pauls Dauge	dentist	revolutionary	writer
occupation	Dr. Drs. M. Idrus Marham, MSc is an Indonesian politician who used to come from academia.	Idrus Marham	politician
occupation	Alonso Duralde (born May 18, 1967) is an American writer and film critic.	Alonso Duralde	film critic
occupation	Alexi Kaye Campbell is an award winning playwright and screenwriter.	Alexi Kaye Campbell	playwright	screenwriter
occupation	Alvin Saunders Johnson (December 18, 1874 -- June 7, 1971) was an American economist and a co-founder and first director of The New School.	Alvin Saunders Johnson	economist
occupation	Ahmad Ali El Zein (born 1956) is a Lebanese novelist, documentary film maker and television journalist.	Ahmad Ali El Zein	journalist
occupation	Pietro Marchioretto (1763 or 1772 -- May 20, 1828) was an Italian painter, mainly of rural landscapes, in a late Baroque style.	Pietro Marchioretto	painter
occupation	Travis Lutter (born May 12, 1973) is a retired American mixed martial artist who won the The Ultimate Fighter 4 reality show.	Travis Lutter	mixed martial artist
occupation	Angelo Mottola (January 10, 1935 -- October 8, 2014) was a Roman Catholic archbishop and diplomat.	Angelo Mottola	diplomat
occupation	Juan Carlos Mondragón is a writer and a literary critic.	Juan Carlos Mondragón	writer
occupation	Varsha Dixit is an Indian author who has written the novel Right Fit Wrong Shoe, an English language love story, intended for adolescents but widely read by adults as well.	Varsha Dixit	author
occupation	Yosi Piamenta (November 29, 1951 -- August 23, 2015) was an Orthodox Jewish singer-songwriter and guitarist, known for introducing the electric guitar to Jewish music.	Yosi Piamenta	singer-songwriter	guitarist
occupation	Larry Crumpler is a geologist and volcanologist.	Larry Crumpler	volcanologist
occupation	Nick Pace (born April 17, 1987) is an American professional mixed martial artist who competes in the bantamweight division.	Nick Pace	mixed martial artist
occupation	Tim Palmer is a British music producer, audio engineer, guitarist and songwriter of rock and alternative music.	Tim Palmer	audio engineer
occupation	Halldórr skvaldri (Halldórr Prattler, or Halldór the Talkative) was an Icelandic skald who lived in the first half of the twelfth century.	Halldórr skvaldri	skald
occupation	Julius Kugy (original surname Kogej) was a mountaineer, writer, botanist, humanist, lawyer and officer of Slovenian descent.	Julius Kugy	mountaineer	writer
occupation	Pepe Soriano (born José Carlos Soriano, on September 25, 1929) is a prominent Argentine actor and playwright.	Pepe Soriano	actor
occupation	Bob Cessna was an American actor, scriptwriter and playwright who appeared on Broadway in many roles.	Bob Cessna	actor
occupation	Gauri Shinde is an Indian ad-film and feature film director.	Gauri Shinde	film director
occupation	Paulo Rogério Amoretty Souza (December 19, 1945 in Recife -- Sao Paulo July 17, 2007) was a Brazilian lawyer and former chairman of the association football team Sport Club Internacional.	Paulo Rogério Amoretty Souza	lawyer
occupation	Priscilla Lopez (born February 26, 1948) is an American singer, dancer, and actress.	Priscilla Lopez	singer	dancer
occupation	Hans Cloos (November 8, 1885 -- September 26, 1951) was a prominent German structural geologist.	Hans Cloos	geologist
occupation	Dr. Jeff Machat is a board-certified ophthalmologist in the United States and Canada specializing in surgical vision correction better known as refractive eye surgery.	Jeff Machat	ophthalmologist
occupation	Anne Jøtun (married as Anne Bakke, later divorced and took her maiden name back) is a Norwegian curler and world champion.	Anne Jøtun	curler
occupation	Manuel De Peppe is an Italian actor, musician, composer, arranger, and producer.	Manuel De Peppe	actor
occupation	Ann Magnuson (born January 4, 1956) is an American actress, performance artist and nightclub performer.	Ann Magnuson	performance artist
occupation	Karl Apfelbacher was a German mathematician who served as minister for higher public education in Upper Bavaria-East.	Karl Apfelbacher	mathematician
occupation	Bettina Bush (also known professionally as simply ``Bettina'') (Born November 5, 1973), is an American voice actress, actress and pop music singer.	Bettina Bush	singer
occupation	Marek Gatty-Kostyal (born July 20, 1886 in Bochnia -- September 13, 1965 in Kraków) was a Polish chemist and pharmacist, known for his many contributions to pharmaceutical science.	Marek Gatty-Kostyal	chemist
occupation	Heinz Unbehauen (born October 7th, 1935, Stuttgart) is a German control engineer.	Heinz Unbehauen	engineer
occupation	Joanna Angel (born December 25, 1980) is an American alternative pornographic and mainstream actress, director, and writer of adult films.	Joanna Angel	writer
occupation	Bernardo Mercado was a heavyweight boxer briefly ranked as the top contender for the title of champion in 1980 by the WBC.	Bernardo Mercado	boxer
occupation	Samuel Löw Brill (September 14, 1814 -- April 8, 1897) was a Hungarian rabbi and Talmudical scholar born in Budapest.	Samuel Löw Brill	rabbi
occupation	Cyrine Abdelnour, also spelled Cyrine Abd Al-Nour (Arabic: سيرين عبدالنور‎; born February 21, 1977) is a Lebanese singer, actress, and model.	Cyrine Abdelnour	singer	model
occupation	William Cameron Menzies (July 29, 1896 -- March 5, 1957) was an American film production designer (a job title he invented) and art director who also worked as a director, producer, and screenwriter during a career spanning five decades.	William Cameron Menzies	screenwriter
occupation	Nathaniel Shilkret (December 25, 1889 -- February 18, 1982) was an American composer, conductor, clarinetist, pianist, business executive, and music director.	Nathaniel Shilkret	composer	conductor	clarinetist
occupation	George Brinton McClellan Harvey (February 16, 1864 - August 20, 1928) was an American diplomat, journalist, author, street railway magnate, and editor of several magazines.	George Brinton McClellan Harvey	diplomat	journalist
occupation	Joseph Schildkraut (March 22, 1896 -- January 21, 1964) was an Austrian-American stage and film actor.	Joseph Schildkraut	actor
occupation	Bret Wood is an Atlanta-based film director and author.	Bret Wood	film director
occupation	Imrul Kayes (Bengali: ইমরুল কায়েস) is a Bangladeshi international cricketer who plays for Khulna Division as a left-hand batsman and occasional wicket-keeper.	Imrul Kayes	cricketer
occupation	Mary Sarah (July 7, 1995) is a country music singer and songwriter.	Mary Sarah	singer
occupation	Jane Badler (born December 31, 1953, in Brooklyn, New York) is an American actress and singer.	Jane Badler	singer
occupation	Charlie Biederman (November 11, 1918 -- February 22, 1995) was a musher in Alaska best known for being the last surviving dog sled mail carrier in the United States.	Charlie Biederman	musher
occupation	Peter Jukes is an English author, screenwriter, playwright, literary critic and blogger.	Peter Jukes	screenwriter
occupation	In 190, when Cao Cao was raising an army to participate in the campaign against Dong Zhuo, Xiahou Dun became an officer under Cao and fought in many battles.	Xiahou Dun	officer
occupation	Eleuterio Zapanta or Little Dado, (January 1, 1916 -- July 7, 1965), was a flyweight boxer from the Philippines, who became World bantamweight champion in 1940 and World flyweight champion in 1941.	Little Dado	boxer
occupation	Aulus Plautius was a Roman politician and general of the mid-1st century.	Aulus Plautius	politician
occupation	Karol Bohdanowicz (1867--1947) was a Polish engineer, geographer and geologist.	Karol Bohdanowicz	engineer	geographer
occupation	Colin Bradshaw is an English physician and ornithologist who was chairman of the British Birds Rarities Committee from 1997 to 2008.	Colin Bradshaw	ornithologist
occupation	Daniel Trilling is a British journalist, editor and author.	Daniel Trilling	journalist
occupation	Olivia Alexander (born Olivia Usey; May 17, 1988) is an American actress, singer, and dancer.	Olivia Alexander	dancer
occupation	Giuseppe Lignano is an Italian-born architect and co-founder (with Ada Tolla) of the architectural design studio LOT-EK.	Giuseppe Lignano	architect
occupation	Sebastián Ligarde (Spanish pronunciation: (seβasˈtjan liɣarðe); born January 26, 1954) is an American actor and acting coach best known for his work in telenovelas and the big screen.	Sebastián Ligarde	actor
occupation	Cristoforo Greppi (Active early 17th century) was an Italian painter of the Mannerist period, active in Rome.	Cristoforo Greppi	painter
occupation	Hana Jonášová is a Czech opera singer active in concerts, recitals, and operas.	Hana Jonášová	opera singer
occupation	Manish Dayal (born June 17, 1983) is an American film and television actor known for his recurring role as Raj Kher in 90210 and leading role in the film The Hundred Foot Journey.	Manish Dayal	actor
occupation	Dawayne Bailey: composer, guitarist, lyricist, and vocalist on Chicago's Stone of Sisyphus	Dawayne Bailey	composer
occupation	Yitzhak ha-Sangari is the name of the rabbi who converted the Khazar royalty to Judaism according to medieval Jewish sources.	Yitzhak ha-Sangari	rabbi
occupation	Colombe Jacobsen-Derstine (born December 21, 1977) is an American chef and actress.	Colombe Jacobsen	chef
occupation	Brad Self (born February 27, 1981 in Peterborough, Ontario) was a dual sport athlete who is currently a lacrosse player for the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League and the Peterborough Lakers of Major Series Lacrosse league.	Brad Self	lacrosse player
occupation	Harry Wincott was an English songwriter, born Alfred James Walden, 1 January 1867, London.	Harry Wincott	songwriter
occupation	Walter Warwick Sawyer (or W. W. Sawyer) (1911--2008) was a mathematician, mathematics educator and author, who taught on several continents.	Walter Warwick Sawyer	mathematician
occupation	Arto Lintunen was a Finnish professional darts player who competed in the 1980s.	Arto Lintunen	darts player
occupation	Uzair Cassiem is a South African rugby union player who currently plays for the Cheetahs in the Super Rugby competition.	Uzair Cassiem	rugby union player
occupation	Helena Åberg (born July 16, 1971) is a former Swedish Olympic freestyle swimmer.	Helena Åberg	swimmer
occupation	Dammika Ranatunga (born October 12, 1962, Colombo) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played in 2 Tests and 4 ODIs in 1989.	Dammika Ranatunga	cricketer
occupation	Lina Bo Bardi, née Achillina Bo (December 4, 1914 -- March 20, 1992) was an Italian-born Brazilian modernist architect.	Lina Bo Bardi	architect
occupation	Alice Cooper (born Vincent Damon Furnier; February 4, 1948) is an American singer, songwriter, musician and occasional actor whose career spans five decades.	Alice Cooper	singer, songwriter	musician
occupation	Arron Villaflor (born July 5, 1990) is a Filipino actor, dancer, occasional recording artist, and talent of ABS-CBN.	Arron Villaflor	actor
occupation	Floyd MacMillan Davis was an American painter and illustrator known for his work in advertising and illustration;	Floyd MacMillan Davis	painter
occupation	Larissa Manoela Taques Elias Santos (born in December 28, 2001) is a Brazilian actress and singer.	Larissa Manoela	singer
occupation	Maria Arena Bell (born March 10, 1963) is an American novelist, television and freelance writer, as well as a Los Angeles-based philanthropist and patron of the arts.	Maria Arena Bell	novelist
occupation	Yoanna House (born April 9, 1980) is an American fashion model and television host, best known as the winner of Cycle 2 of America's Next Top Model.	Yoanna House	model
occupation	João Costa Menezes is a London-based Portuguese film actor, film producer and film director.	João Costa Menezes	actor	film producer	film director
occupation	Jim Salvati is an American painter of Contemporary Figurative Fine Art. Works in the film industry as a Visual Concept Designer and Cinematic Artist.	Jim Salvati	painter
occupation	Andrew Kirtzman (born c. 1961) is a journalist and author who served as political reporter and anchor for six years at WCBS-TV (CBS 2) in New York City until April 2008.	Andrew Kirtzman	journalist
occupation	Margaret R. Fox is an American electronics engineer and computer scientist.	Margaret R. Fox	engineer	computer scientist
occupation	Maina wa Kinyatti is a Kenyan Marxist historian and former political prisoner under Daniel arap Moi's dictatorship.	Maina wa Kinyatti	historian
occupation	José Julio Gaona (full name José Julio Gaona Adame; b. April 12, 1943) is a Mexican painter noted for his depictions of women and girls in strong lines and bright colors, usually doing ordinary activities.	José Julio Gaona	painter
occupation	Orson Scott Card (born August 24, 1951) is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist and columnist.	Orson Scott Card	novelist
occupation	Zhang Xianzi (simplified Chinese: 张弦子 Traditional Chinese: 張弦子; pinyin: Zhāng Xiánzǐ; born April 22, 1986 in Guangxi, China) is a Chinese singer.	Zhang Xianzi	singer
occupation	Hung Liang-chuan or Uya Pawan (Chinese: 洪良全; pinyin: Hóng Liángquán) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Hung Liang-chuan	politician
occupation	Chris Terrell (born June 2, 1972 in Canoga Park, California) is an American professional basketball coach of the Halifax Rainmen in the National Basketball League of Canada with extensive experience as both a professional basketball coach and general manager.	Chris Terrell	basketball coach
occupation	Lydia Schaap is a retired Dutch freestyle swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1966 European Championships.	Lydia Schaap	swimmer
occupation	Bishop John Joseph Hogan was a Catholic priest and missionary in Missouri in the American Civil War era.	John Joseph Hogan	priest
occupation	Johannes Kaltenboeck (Bozen, June 29, 1853- c. 1919) was an Austrian writer known by his adventure stories.	Johannes Kaltenboeck	writer
occupation	Beth Doane (born July 20, 1983) is an American fashion designer, writer and author.	Beth Doane	writer
occupation	Morris Swadesh (/ˈswɑːdɛʃ/; January 22, 1909 -- July 20, 1967) was an influential and controversial American linguist.	Morris Swadesh	linguist
occupation	Karthik Jayaram is an Indian actor who is quite famous in kannada industry .	Karthik Jayaram	actor
occupation	Eddie Mekka (born June 14, 1952) is an American actor most famous for his role as Carmine ``The Big Ragoo'' Ragusa on the sitcom Laverne & Shirley.	Eddie Mekka	actor
occupation	Naradasu Laxman Rao is an Indian politician and a Member of Legislative Council in Andhra Pradesh.	Naradasu Laxman Rao	politician
occupation	Keith Knudsen (February 18, 1948 -- February 8, 2005) was an American rock drummer, vocalist, and songwriter.	Keith Knudsen	drummer
occupation	William W. Robertson (November 3, 1941 -- July 10, 2008) was an American lawyer who served as Acting United States Attorney for the District of New Jersey from 1980 to 1981.	William W. Robertson	lawyer
occupation	Kenny Bayless (born 1951) is an American boxing referee from Nevada best known for having refereed the superfights Manny Pacquiao vs. Ricky Hatton, Oscar de la Hoya vs. Floyd Mayweather, Ricky Hatton vs. Paulie Malignaggi, Miguel Cotto vs. Antonio Margarito, and Manny Pacquiao vs. Miguel Cotto.	Kenny Bayless	boxing referee
occupation	Mark Sandrich (born Mark Rex Goldstein; October 26, 1900 -- March 4, 1945) was an American film director, writer, and producer.	Mark Sandrich	film director
occupation	Mark Berman is a New York City pianist, composer, producer, conductor, music director and arranger.	Mark Berman	composer	conductor
occupation	Maureen C. Stone is an American computer scientist, specializing in color modeling.	Maureen C. Stone	computer scientist
occupation	Gabriel Valdés Subercaseaux (July 3, 1919 -- September 7, 2011) was a Chilean politician, lawyer and diplomat.	Gabriel Valdés	politician	diplomat
occupation	Péricles Azambuja (August 13, 1927 -- November 8, 2012) was a Brazilian historian, writer and journalist.	Péricles Azambuja	historian	writer	journalist
occupation	Joe Conley (March 3, 1928 -- July 7, 2013) was an American actor who played many small roles on television and is most remembered for his role as the storekeeper Ike Godsey on The Waltons.	Joe Conley	actor
occupation	Walter Wanger (July 11, 1894 -- November 18, 1968) was an American film producer active in filmmaking from the 1910s to the turbulent production of Cleopatra in 1963.	Walter Wanger	film producer
occupation	Damien Saez (French pronunciation: ​(damjɛ̃ ˈsɛz)) is a French singer-songwriter and musician.	Damien Saez	singer
occupation	Vash Young was an American author of motivational and self-improvement books with a popular following during the Great Depression.	Vash Young	author
occupation	Alexandra Ripley, née Braid (January 8, 1934 -- January 10, 2004) was an American writer best known as the author of Scarlett (1991), written as a sequel to Gone with the Wind.	Alexandra Ripley	writer
occupation	Hammad Shahid (born December 7, 1991) is an American cricketer who made his debut for the U.S. national side in November 2012.	Hammad Shahid	cricketer
occupation	Rallia Christidou (Greek: Ραλλία Χρηστίδου, pronounced (raˈlia xrisˈtiðu)) is a popular Greek singer originating from Neo Irakleio, Athens.	Rallia Christidou	singer
occupation	Raphael Pumpelly (September 8, 1837 -- August 10, 1923) was an American geologist and explorer.	Raphael Pumpelly	geologist
occupation	Jean Schwartz (November 4, 1878 -- November 30, 1956) was a Hungarian-born American songwriter.	Jean Schwartz	songwriter
occupation	Frederic Williams Hopkins (September 15, 1806 -- January 21, 1874) was a Vermont lawyer and militia officer who served as Adjutant General of the Vermont Militia.	Frederic Williams Hopkins	lawyer
occupation	William H. Cabell (December 16, 1772 -- January 12, 1853) was a Virginia politician and judge aligned with the Democratic-Republican party.	William H. Cabell	politician	judge
occupation	Emily Rosemond made her Olympic debut as a short track speed skater at the 2006 Torino Winter Olympics.	Emily Rosemond	speed skater
occupation	Jerry Houser (born July 14, 1952) is an American character actor and voice actor in film and television.	Jerry Houser	actor
occupation	Stanley Sampson (October 23, 1915 -- August 8, 2011), was a Canadian ice hockey player.	Stanley Sampson	ice hockey player
occupation	Cynthia McFadden (born May 27, 1956) is an American television journalist who is currently the senior legal and investigative correspondent for NBC News.	Cynthia McFadden	journalist
occupation	Paramount Chief Abu Mbawa Kongobah is a Sierra Leonean politician.	Abu Mbawa Kongobah	politician
occupation	Trifun Živanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Трифун Живановић; born on April 17, 1975 in Santa Monica, California) is an American-born Serbian figure skater.	Trifun Živanović	figure skater
occupation	Khondkar Siddique-e-Rabbani (born 9 May 1950) is a Bangladeshi Biomedical physicist and innovator who has been a pioneering figure in developing the Focused Impedance Measurement method.	Khondkar Siddique-e-Rabbani	physicist
occupation	Dr. Bendson Louima (born 1979) is a Haitian physician.	Bendson Louima	physician
occupation	Charles P. Boyle (1892--1968) enjoyed his first credit as a cinematographer in 1925.	Charles P. Boyle	cinematographer
occupation	Donald Holder is an American lighting designer in theatre, opera, and dance based in New York.	Donald Holder	lighting designer
occupation	Dolly Wells (born 5 December 1971) is an English comedy actress and daughter of the late comic actor John Wells.	Dolly Wells	actor
occupation	William Garrat (born 21 April 1805, Shrewsbury, Shropshire; date of death unknown) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1832 to 1845.	William Garrat	cricketer
occupation	Zoran Todorovich (Serbian: Зоран Тодоровић) is German opera singer of Serbian origin.	Zoran Todorovich	opera singer
occupation	Valentin Turkin (1887--1958) was a Russian screenwriter and film critic.	Valentin Turkin	screenwriter	film critic
occupation	Robert Gossett (born March 3, 1954) is an American television, theater, and film actor.	Robert Gossett	actor
occupation	Lyn Duff is an American journalist with the Pacific News Service and KPFA radio's Flashpoints, an evening drive-time public affairs show heard daily on Pacifica Radio.	Lyn Duff	journalist
occupation	Flávio José (born Flávio José Marcelino Remígio in Monteiro) is a Brazilian composer and singer.	Flávio José	composer	singer
occupation	Dileesh Nair (born July 23, 1981) is an Indian film director and Script Writer best known for his work in Malayalam cinema.	Dileesh Nair	film director
occupation	Alanson Skinner (May 21, 1794, Westmoreland, Cheshire County, New Hampshire -- June 7, 1876, Brownville, Jefferson County, New York) was an American manufacturer and politician from New York.	Alanson Skinner	politician
occupation	His mother, Helena Sacadura Cabral was an economist, journalist and author, who held more conservative views that appear to have passed on to Paulo Portas who stayed living with her after his parents separated.	Paulo Portas	journalist
occupation	Luis Alejandro Capdevielle Flores (born March 13, 1953) is a Mexican editor and politician, also member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).	Luis Alejandro Capdevielle Flores	politician
occupation	Anastasiya Pavlovna Hagen, née Gryshai (Russian: Анастаси́я Па́вловна Хаген/Гриша́й, Ukrainian: Анастасія Павлівна Гришай/Хаген), better known under her screen name Wiska, is a Ukrainian model and retired pornographic actress of Belarusian origin.	Wiska	model
occupation	Rolf Parker Griffith, Jr., M.D. (born August 6, 1942) is an American retired radiation oncology physician, mathematics teacher, Army Reserve officer, entrepreneur and politician who served in the Alabama State Senate from 2006 to 2008 and then as the U.S. Representative for Alabama's 5th congressional district from 2009 to 2011.	Parker Griffith	politician
occupation	Yuriy Georgiyevich Kutsenko (Russian: Ю́рий Гео́ргиевич Куце́нко; born May 20, 1967), better known as Gosha Kutsenko (Russian: Гоша Куценко), is a Russian actor, producer, singer, poet, and screenwriter.	Gosha Kutsenko	actor	singer	poet
occupation	Alan Di Fiore (sometimes Alan DiFiore) is an award-winning screenwriter.	Alan Di Fiore	screenwriter
occupation	Nehemiah Partridge (March 9, 1683 -- between 1729 and 1737) was a Colonial American painter.	Nehemiah Partridge	painter
occupation	Darrell Fetty is an American actor, screenwriter and Emmy-nominated producer for his work on the History miniseries Hatfields & McCoys which has received a total of 16 nominations.	Darrell Fetty	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Jean Fuller (born April 16, 1950) is a U.S. politician who serves as the minority leader in the California State Senate.	Jean Fuller	politician
occupation	Marc-André Moreau (born on January 22, 1982 in Chambly, Quebec) is a Canadian freestyle skier.	Marc-André Moreau	freestyle skier
occupation	Karen Autio is a Finnish Canadian writer of children's fiction.	Karen Autio	writer
occupation	Dwight Macdonald (March 24, 1906 -- December 19, 1982) was a U.S. writer, editor, film critic, social critic, philosopher, and political radical.	Dwight Macdonald	writer	philosopher
occupation	Ellie Kanner (sometimes credited as Ellie Kanner-Zuckerman) is an American film and television director and former casting director.	Ellie Kanner	casting director
occupation	Jauhar Saleem is a Pakistani career diplomat.	Jauhar Saleem	diplomat
occupation	Kamaliya Zahoor (Ukrainian: Камалія Захур, Russian: Камалия Захур; born May 18, 1977) is a Ukrainian musical performer, actress, model, and the 2008 Mrs. World.	Kamaliya	model
occupation	Sayed Ebrahim Dibaj (Persian: دکتر سيد ابراهيم ديباجي‎) is an Iranian philosopher, author, and an emeritus professor of philosophy at the University of Tehran.	Sayed Ebrahim Dibaj	philosopher
occupation	Mary Beth Dunnichay (born February 25, 1993 in Elwood, Indiana) is an American platform diver.	Mary Beth Dunnichay	diver
occupation	Antone S. Aguiar, Jr. (January 2, 1930 -- February 1, 2014) was an American judge and politician.	Antone S. Aguiar, Jr.	politician
occupation	Vruir Galstian (Armenian: Վրույր Գալստյան, March 3, 1924 -- July 10, 1996) was an Armenian painter.	Vruir Galstian	painter
occupation	Alain Huetz de Lemps is a French geographer and botanist.	Alain Huetz de Lemps	geographer	botanist
occupation	Jimmy Sabater (April 11, 1936 -- February 8, 2012) was a Latin musician of Puerto Rican ancestry, who was a three-time winner of the ACE Awards.	Jimmy Sabater	musician
occupation	Lisa's Song + 6 Songs (2003) EP; earlier versions were 6 Songs and 6 Songs + Tidings: 6 Songs for the Season (2003) EP Secrets (2004) singer-songwriter solo debut Tidings (2004) a greatly expanded version of Tidings: 6 Songs for the Season Allison Crowe:	Allison Crowe	singer-songwriter
occupation	J. Nozipo Maraire (born in Mangula, Southern Rhodesia in 1964) is a Zimbabwean doctor, entrepreneur and writer.	J. Nozipo Maraire	writer
occupation	Cliff Hite (born September 4, 1954) is a Republican politician who has represented the 1st district of the Ohio Senate since 2011.	Cliff Hite	politician
occupation	The Bedford Master was an manuscript illuminator active in Paris during the fifteenth century.	Bedford Master	illuminator
occupation	Eric A. Johnson (born May 9, 1948) is an American historian, social scientist, and professor of history at Central Michigan University.	Eric A. Johnson	historian
occupation	Carmen Rita Wong is an American radio, television & online journalist, and personal finance expert at CNBC where she was the former host of the 2005 version of On the Money, a personal finance program.	Carmen Rita Wong	journalist
occupation	Kanary Diamonds, born September 2, 1989 as Johnean Jimenez in Watts, California is an American rapper and entertainer.	Kanary Diamonds	rapper
occupation	Nenad Firšt (born November 6, 1964 in Zagreb), is a Slovene composer, conductor and violinist.	Nenad Firšt	composer
occupation	Jihad Helwi (born September 1, 1985) is a Lebanese international association football player.	Jihad Helwi	association football player
occupation	Ray Harroun (January 12, 1879 -- January 19, 1968) was an American racecar driver and pioneering constructor most famous for winning the inaugural Indianapolis 500 in 1911.	Ray Harroun	racecar driver
occupation	Carl Graffunder (March 23, 1919 - August 27, 2013) was a mid-century modernist architect whose influence from European modernism, Frank Lloyd Wright and Antonin Raymond manifested in many residential and commercial structures mostly in Minnesota.	Carl Graffunder	architect
occupation	Ramesh Menon is an author, award winning journalist, documentary film maker and corporate trainer.	Ramesh Menon	author
occupation	Mildred Anderson was an American jazz, blues and R&B singer.	Mildred Anderson	singer
occupation	Tim Male (born September 7, 1979) is an Olympic rower who represented Great Britain in the lightweight four at the Olympic Games in 2004.	Tim Male	rower
occupation	Dr. Juan Giambruno (born February 23, 1950 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan cardiac surgeon at Universidad de la República, Montevideo.	Juan Giambruno	surgeon
occupation	Samuel Gridley Howe (November 10, 1801 -- January 9, 1876) was a nineteenth century United States physician, abolitionist, and an advocate of education for the blind.	Samuel Gridley Howe	physician
occupation	Sepideh Raissadat (Persian: سپیده رئیس سادات‎) is a classical Persian music singer.	Sepideh Raissadat	singer
occupation	Manuel de Alencar Guimarães (December 13, 1865 - September 9, 1940) best known as Alencar Guimarães was a Brazilian lawyer and politician, senator of Paraná from 1908 until 1911, and again from 1912 until 1920.	Alencar Guimarães	lawyer	politician
occupation	Ugnė Karvelis (June 13, 1935 in Noreikiškės, Lithuania -- March 4, 2002 in Paris, France) was a writer, a translator and a member of the UNESCO Executive Board from 1997 to 2002.	Ugnė Karvelis	translator
occupation	Lushin Dubey is an Indian stage actor and director.	Lushin Dubey	actor
occupation	William Kent Krueger is an American author and crime writer, best known for his Cork O'Connor series of books, which are set mainly in Minnesota, USA.	William Kent Krueger	writer
occupation	Bruno Pelletier (born August 7, 1962), is a francophone Quebecer singer.	Bruno Pelletier	singer
occupation	Arieh Warshel (Hebrew: אריה ורשל‎; born November 20, 1940) is an Israeli-American biochemist and biophysicist.	Arieh Warshel	biochemist
occupation	(Charles) Albert Riemenschneider (August 31, 1878 -- July 20, 1950) was an American musician and Bach musicologist.	Albert Riemenschneider	musicologist
occupation	Jesse Lynch Williams (August 17, 1871 -- September 14. 1929) was an American Pulitzer Prize-winning author and dramatist.	Jesse Lynch Williams	author
occupation	Tariq Devega (born July 26, 1990), better known by the stage name ASAP Nast (stylized as A$AP Nast), is an American rapper from Harlem, New York.	ASAP Nast	rapper
occupation	Lisa Getter ia an American investigative journalist.	Lisa Getter	journalist
occupation	Alan Sonfist is a New York City based American artist most often associated with the Land or Earth Art movement.	Alan Sonfist	artist
occupation	John Erneley (before 1522-72), of Bishops Cannings, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	John Erneley	politician
occupation	Avi Benjamin (Hebrew: אבי בנימין‎; Russian: Ави Беньямин; born March 3, 1959) is an Estonian, Russian, and Israeli composer and performer, musical director of the Israeli Gesher Theater since its foundation in 1991.	Avi Benjamin	composer
occupation	Erastus Salisbury Field (Leverett, Massachusetts, May 19, 1805 -- Sunderland, Massachusetts June 28, 1900) was an American folk art painter of portraits, landscapes, and history pictures.	Erastus Salisbury Field	painter
occupation	Virgil Baer (December 5, 1912 -- July 14, 1993) was an American football and basketball coach in the United States.	Virgil Baer	basketball coach
occupation	Joe Sacco (born October 2, 1960) is a Maltese-American cartoonist and journalist.	Joe Sacco	journalist
occupation	Thomas William Duncan (August 15, 1905 -- September 15, 1987) was an American writer of circus novels, his most famous novel was Gus the Great (1947).	Thomas William Duncan	writer
occupation	Paul O. Müller was a German theoretical nuclear physicist who worked in the German Uranverein.	Paul O. Müller	physicist
occupation	Martin Ivanov (Bulgarian: Мартин Иванов) is a Bulgarian judoka.	Martin Ivanov	judoka
occupation	Colby French is an American television actor, best known for playing the role Hank on the NBC television drama, Heroes.	Colby French	actor
occupation	Abderrahim Zouari (Tunisian Arabic: عبد الرحيم الزواري‎; born in 1944) is a Tunisian politician.	Abderrahim Zouari	politician
occupation	Christopher McCulloch (born September 14, 1971), also known by the pseudonym Jackson Publick, is an American comic book and television writer, storyboard artist, and voice actor known for his work on several Tick properties and for the animated television series The Venture Bros. He authored the comic book miniseries The Tick:	Christopher McCulloch	voice actor
occupation	Kathleen Dorothy Cavendish Murray, who was billed as Kay Cavendish, was a classically trained pianist and popular entertainer.	Kay Cavendish	pianist
occupation	Deborah Twiss (born December 22, 1971) is an American actress, screenwriter, film director and producer.	Deborah Twiss	film director
occupation	David Pietrusza (born November 22, 1949 in Amsterdam, New York) is a noted historian and author.	David Pietrusza	historian
occupation	Barry Wine is a former restaurateur and current restaurant consultant whose noted establishment ``The Quilted Giraffe'' founded with his now ex-wife Susan was for the time it was open one of the most lauded eateries in the United States.	Barry Wine	restaurateur
occupation	Darren Stein (born December 24, 1971) is an American film director, screenwriter, and film producer who grew up in the San Fernando Valley.	Darren Stein	film director
occupation	Arthenia Joyner (born February 3, 1943) is a Democratic politician who currently serves as a member of the Florida Senate, representing the 18th District from 2006 to 2012, and the 19th District, which includes parts of Hillsborough, Manatee, and Pinellas Counties since 2012.	Arthenia Joyner	politician
occupation	Alexej Baumgärtner (born July 13, 1988) is a Russian-born German speed-skater.	Alexej Baumgärtner	speed-skater
occupation	Kevin Hutchinson (October 10, 1974 - August 31, 2012) was a Canadian make-up artist, special effects technician and art director whose credits include Zach Snyder's Dawn of the Dead remake, Len Wiseman's Total Recall and posthumously Pacific Rim.	Kevin Hutchinson	make-up artist
occupation	Daniele Giovanardi (born 15 January 1950) is an Italian former sprinter (400 metres) and hurdles (400 metres hs).	Daniele Giovanardi	sprinter
occupation	Alexandru Davila (Romanian pronunciation: (alekˈsandru daviˈla); February 12, 1862 -- October 19, 1929) was a Romanian dramatist, diplomat, public administrator, and memoirist.	Alexandru Davila	diplomat
occupation	Manoj Pradhan is an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party, who was convicted of murder in January 2010.	Manoj Pradhan	politician
occupation	Robert S. McCoig (1937--1998) was a Scottish badminton player who won numerous national and international titles from the late 1950s to the mid-1970s.	Robert S. McCoig	badminton player
occupation	Walter Kelleher was an American born photographer from Bay Ridge, Brooklyn.	Walter Kelleher	photographer
occupation	Panaenus, brother of Phidias, was an ancient Greek painter who worked in conjunction with Polygnotus and Micon at Athens.	Panaenus	painter
occupation	Mary Downing Hahn (born December 9, 1937) is an American writer of young adult novels and former school librarian.	Mary Downing Hahn	writer
occupation	Len A. Pennacchio is an American molecular biologist, the head of the Genetic Analysis Program and the Genomic Technologies Program at the Joint Genome Institute in Walnut Creek, California.	Len A. Pennacchio	biologist
occupation	Natalie Batalha is a research astronomer in the Space Sciences Division of NASA Ames Research Center.	Natalie Batalha	astronomer
occupation	Tommy Refenes is an American video game designer and programmer, best known for his work on the game Super Meat Boy, a platformer he co-created with developer Edmund McMillen.	Tommy Refenes	game designer	programmer
occupation	Kaylee Dakers (born April 1, 1991 in Brampton, Ontario) is a Canadian breaststroke swimmer.	Kaylee Dakers	swimmer
occupation	Hana Hegerová (born October 20, 1931), is a Slovak singer and actress.	Hana Hegerová	singer
occupation	Wann Langston, Jr. (1921 -- April 7, 2013) was an American paleontologist and professor at the University of Texas at Austin.	Wann Langston, Jr.	paleontologist
occupation	Gopalarathinam, popularly known as Typist Gopu, is a Tamil stage and film actor known for comedy and supporting roles.	Typist Gopu	actor
occupation	Kenneth Noland (April 10, 1924 -- January 5, 2010) was an American abstract painter.	Kenneth Noland	painter
occupation	Fionn Regan (born 1981) is an Irish folk musician and singer-songwriter.	Fionn Regan	musician	singer-songwriter
occupation	Albert Turner Bharucha-Reid (November 13, 1927 -- February 26, 1985) was an American mathematician and theorist who worked extensively on probability theory, Markov chains, and statistics.	Albert Turner Bharucha-Reid	mathematician
occupation	Timothy Long is a conductor and pianist with an active performing career in the United States and abroad.	Timothy Long	conductor
occupation	William Woodruff Niles was ordained a deacon on May 22, 1861 at Holy Trinity Episcopal Church in Middletown and a priest on May 14, 1862 at St. Philip's Episcopal Church in Wiscasset, Maine.	William Woodruff Niles	priest
occupation	Alan Lorber is an American arranger, producer and composer.	Alan Lorber	composer
occupation	Carol Diehl is an American artist, art critic and poet.	Carol Diehl	artist	art critic	poet
occupation	Belli Lalitha was an Indian folk singer and founder of Telangana Kala Samithi.	Belli Lalitha	singer
occupation	Kioumars Saberi Foumani (August 29, 1941 -- April 30, 2004) (Persian: کیومرث صابری فومنی‎‎) also known with his pen name Gol-Agha (Persian: گل آقا‎‎), was an Iranian satirist, writer, and teacher.	Kioumars Saberi Foumani	writer	teacher
occupation	Tony Maddox is a British artist and a writer of children's books.	Tony Maddox	writer
occupation	Kathy Chan (陳凱英) is a Chinese-American entrepreneur and former Facebook employee.	Kathy Chan	entrepreneur
occupation	Cibelle is a multi-media performance artist, singer-songwriter and music producer.	Cibelle	singer
occupation	Karl Riedl is a German film editor based in Berlin.	Karl Riedl	film editor
occupation	Brandon Riha (born April 26, 1990) is an American professional poker player from Chickamauga, Georgia currently residing in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Brandon Riha	poker player
occupation	Chris Connor (November 8, 1927 -- August 29, 2009) was an American jazz singer.	Chris Connor	singer
occupation	Robin Raskin (born May 14, 1954) is an American writer, author, publisher, TV personality and conference and events creator best known for her ability to simplify technology for non-technologists.	Robin Raskin	writer
occupation	Arkadius,AFKAA - Artist Formerly Known As Arkadius (Arkadiusz Weremczuk, born July 5, 1969 in Lublin, Poland) is a Polish fashion designer.	Arkadius	fashion designer
occupation	Elmer Bendiner (Feb. 11, 1916 - Sept. 16, 2001) was a notable American writer and journalist.	Elmer Bendiner	journalist
occupation	Robert Bylot was a 17th-century explorer who made four voyages to the Arctic.	Robert Bylot	explorer
occupation	Dan Shevchik (born November 24, 1980) is a former American competitive swimmer, who won a bronze medal in the 200-meter backstroke at the 1999 Pan American Games.	Dan Shevchik	swimmer
occupation	Marco d'Oggiono (c. 1470 -- c. 1549) was an Italian Renaissance painter and a chief pupil of Leonardo da Vinci, many of whose works he copied.	Marco d'Oggiono	painter
occupation	André Guignard is a Swiss engineer initially educated as a watchmaker.	André Guignard	engineer
occupation	Ngonidzashe Blessing Mahwire (born July 31, 1982 in Bikita, Masvingo) is a Zimbabwean cricketer who plays first-class cricket for Mashonaland and has also made appearances for the Zimbabwean cricket team in both the Test match and One Day International forms of the game.	Blessing Mahwire	cricketer
occupation	``Dangerous'' Dorin Spivey is an American boxer from Portsmouth, Virginia.	Dorin Spivey	boxer
occupation	Scipione Cappella (active 1743) was an Italian historical painter.	Scipione Cappella	painter
occupation	Leung Ka Ming (Chinese: 梁嘉明; Jyutping: loeng4 gaa1 ming4) is a Hong Kong fencer.	Leung Ka Ming	fencer
occupation	Lauren Evans is an American singer and songwriter responsible for penning hits by Alexandra Burke and Jordin Sparks.	Lauren Evans	singer and songwriter
occupation	Jaeger O'Meara (born 23 February 1994) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Jaeger O'Meara	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Roger Craig Vogel (born July 6, 1947 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American composer of contemporary classical music and a music educator.	Roger Craig Vogel	composer	music educator
occupation	Malik Cox (born June 23, 1978), best known as Memphis Bleek or ``Bleek'', is an American rapper mainly known for his tenure with Roc-a-Fella Records and CEO of his own label Get Low Records.	Memphis Bleek	rapper
occupation	Damon Packard (born May 4, 1967) is an underground American film director and actor.	Damon Packard	film director	actor
occupation	Jack Fletcher is a voice actor, casting director, and voice director.	Jack Fletcher	voice actor
occupation	Gédéon Ouimet (June 2, 1823 -- April 23, 1905) was a French-Canadian politician.	Gédéon Ouimet	politician
occupation	Gen Paul (July 2, 1895 -- April 30, 1975), was a French painter and engraver.	Gen Paul	painter
occupation	Solomon ben Reuben Bonfed (late 14th-century-early 15th century) was a Spanish rabbi and poet who lived in Zaragoza.	Solomon ben Reuben Bonfed	rabbi
occupation	Nicky Skopelitis is an American guitarist and composer from Greek heritage.	Nicky Skopelitis	guitarist
occupation	Robert E. Langdon, Jr. (circa 1916-2004) was an American architect based in Los Angeles, California.	Robert E. Langdon, Jr.	architect
occupation	Judson Allen (April 3, 1797 -- August 6, 1880) was an American businessman and politician, who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives for New York's 20th district.	Judson Allen	politician
occupation	Andrew Mayer Cohen (born February 2, 1979), better known by the stage name Mayer Hawthorne, is a Grammy-nominated American singer, producer, songwriter, arranger, audio engineer, DJ, rapper and multi-instrumentalist based in Los Angeles, California.	Mayer Hawthorne	singer
occupation	William of Cologne (Wilhelm von Köln or Meister Wilhelm) was a medieval German painter active in Cologne and recorded in city charters between 1370 and 1390.	William of Cologne	painter
occupation	Corey Harned (born December 26, 1981) is an American lacrosse player who previously played for the Long Island Lizards and the New Jersey Pride of Major League Lacrosse.	Corey Harned	lacrosse player
occupation	Hugo de Lantins (fl. 1420--1430) was a Franco-Flemish composer of the late Medieval era and early Renaissance.	Hugo de Lantins	composer
occupation	John B. Mason (October 28, 1858 - January 12, 1919) was an American stage actor popular over the decades surrounding the turn of the twentieth century.	John B. Mason	actor
occupation	Lucy Barnes Brown (née Lucy Nevins Barnes) (March 16, 1859 -- ?) was an early American amateur golfer, known for winning the inaugural U.S. Women's Amateur in 1895.	Lucy Barnes Brown	golfer
occupation	Jake Krack (born 1984) son of Reed and Dara Krack, is a prominent young old-time fiddler and fiddle teacher from Nicut in the U.S. state of West Virginia.	Jake Krack	fiddler
occupation	Mary Margaret Heaton (1836--1883), (born Mary Margaret Keymer), was an English art historian.	Mary Margaret Heaton	art historian
occupation	Gregor Wentzel (February 17, 1898 -- August 12, 1978) was a German physicist known for development of quantum mechanics.	Gregor Wentzel	physicist
occupation	James Charles Phillips (born Mar. 9, 1933) is an American physicist and a member of the National Academy of Science (1978).	James Charles Phillips	physicist
occupation	Sergey Zvantsev (November 2, 1893 -- June 15, 1973) was a Soviet writer, playwright and feuilletonist.	Sergey Zvantsev	writer	playwright
occupation	Nicolas Marceau (born June 23, 1964) is a Canadian economist, university professor, politician and former Minister of Finance.	Nicolas Marceau	economist	politician
occupation	Yogendra Sao is an Indian politician who is a leader of the Indian National Congress party.	Yogendra Sao	politician
occupation	Francisco Vera Cabeza de Vaca (1637--1700) was a Spanish portrait painter, and pupil of J. Martinez, born at Calatayud.	Francisco Vera Cabeza de Vaca	painter
occupation	Nick Gerakines (born Baton 1983) is an American author, speaker and software engineer.	Nick Gerakines	engineer
occupation	Rajendra Achyut Badwe, is an Indian medical doctor and surgical oncologist.	Rajendra Achyut Badwe	oncologist
occupation	Julie Beckman is an American architect who designed the National 9/11 Pentagon Memorial with her husband Keith Kaseman.	Julie Beckman	architect
occupation	Julien Médecin (born November 3, 1894, date of death unknown) was a Monegasque architect.	Julien Médecin	architect
occupation	David A. Nethercot OBE, FREng, FIStructE, FICE, FCGI is a British structural engineer.	David A. Nethercot	engineer
occupation	Carlos Troyer, (January 12, 1837 -- July 26, 1920) born Charles Troyer, was an American composer known for his musical arrangements of traditional Native American melodies.	Carlos Troyer	composer
occupation	John Whenham is an English musicologist and academic who specializes in early Italian baroque music.	John Whenham	musicologist
occupation	Pooran Farrokhzad' or Puran Farokhzad (Persian: پوران فرخزاد) is an Iranian writer, poet, playwright, and encyclopedist.	Pooran Farrokhzad	writer	poet
occupation	Dennis Kelly (born 1970) is a British writer for film, television and theatre.	Dennis Kelly	writer
occupation	Lucius Calvenus Taurus (Ancient Greek: Λούκιος Καλβῆνος Ταῦρος Loúkios Kalbē͂nos Taũros, also Calvisius Taurus; fl. second century CE) was a Greek philosopher of the Middle Platonist school.	Lucius Calvenus Taurus	philosopher
occupation	Robert Sterling Clark (June 25, 1877 -- December 29, 1956), heir to the Singer Sewing Machine fortune, was an American art collector, horse breeder, and philanthropist.	Robert Sterling Clark	art collector
occupation	Noah Creshevsky is a composer born in Rochester, New York in 1945.	Noah Creshevsky	composer
occupation	Arthur Moren Boutillier (October 16, 1869 -- February 24, 1955) was a farmer and Canadian federal politician.	Arthur Moren Boutillier	politician
occupation	Mancel Thornton Munn (January 31, 1887, Plainwell, Michigan - November 16, 1956, Arcadia, California) was a New York State botanist, an agronomist, and an expert in crop seed testing who pioneered some of the early American legislative efforts to regulate the import of seeds from other countries.	Mancel Thornton Munn	botanist
occupation	Moulana Abdullah Tari is an Indian politician and official of the separatist Jammu and Kashmir Democratic Freedom Party, serving as the party's Acting Chairman during the imprisonment of the party's Chairman Shabir Ahmad Shah.	Moulana Abdullah Tari	politician
occupation	Byron Fidetzis (Greek: Βύρων Φιδετζής) is a Greek cellist and conductor.	Byron Fidetzis	conductor
occupation	Mychal Springer is a rabbi and the director of the Center for Pastoral Education of The Jewish Theological Seminary of America (JTS), where she also holds the Helen Fried Kirshblum Goldstein Chair in Professional and Pastoral Skills.	Mychal Springer	rabbi
occupation	Today the Chevalier de Saint-Georges is best remembered as the first classical composer of African ancestry.	Chevalier de Saint-Georges	composer
occupation	Graham Hilford Pollard is an Australian mathematician, professor, statistician, author, lecturer, and Doctor in Mathematics, recognised for being the recipient of the David Hilbert Award in 1991.	Graham Hilford Pollard	mathematician	statistician
occupation	David Fig is a South African environmental sociologist, political economist, and activist.	David Fig	sociologist
occupation	Joseph Maher (born 1964), known as Big Joe Maher, is an American electric blues drummer, singer and songwriter.	Big Joe Maher	singer and songwriter
occupation	Mary Dalton is a Canadian poet and educator.	Mary Dalton	poet
occupation	Ifan Evans is a Welsh rugby union player, for Newport RFC and the Wales 7's team.	Ifan Evans	rugby union player
occupation	Jason Gwynne is a journalist, most widely known for his 2004 documentary on the British National Party (BNP).	Jason Gwynne	journalist
occupation	Farrokh Khambata (born June 30) is an Indian entrepreneur, restaurateur, chef and caterer.	Farrokh Khambata	restaurateur	chef
occupation	Maria Cristina Mel de Almeida Costa (born March 10, 1964) is a Brazilian devotional/gospel/pop singer-songwriter, Christian minister, teacher and missionary.	Cristina Mel	singer
occupation	Robert Bowyer (died 1634) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1601 and 1610.	Robert Bowyer (died 1634)	politician
occupation	Peter K. Vogt (March 10, 1932 in Broumov, Czechoslovakia) is an American molecular biologist, virologist and geneticist.	Peter K. Vogt	molecular biologist	virologist	geneticist
occupation	Mary Blume is an American historian and biographer, who was a newspaper correspondent in Paris for several years.	Mary Blume	historian
occupation	Tom Dolby's debut novel, The Trouble Boy, concerns a young gay freelance writer in Manhattan.	Tom Dolby	writer
occupation	Peng Tso-kwei (Chinese: 彭作奎) is a Taiwanese politician who served as head of the Council of Agriculture from 1997 to 1999.	Peng Tso-kwei	politician
occupation	Jason Kilar (born April 26, 1971) is an American businessperson and a member of the board of directors for DreamWorks Animation.	Jason Kilar	businessperson
occupation	Helen Altman (born 1958, Tuscaloosa, Alabama, United States) is an artist based in Fort Worth, Texas.	Helen Altman	artist
occupation	Henry Farrer (March 23, 1844 -- February 24, 1903) was an English-born American artist known for his tonalist watercolor landscapes and etchings.	Henry Farrer	artist
occupation	Chen Wei-zen or Chen Wei-jen (Chinese: 陳巍仁; pinyin: Chén Wēirén) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chen Wei-zen	politician
occupation	Scott Schwartz (born May 12, 1968) is an American former child actor best known for his roles in The Toy and A Christmas Story.	Scott Schwartz	actor
occupation	Walter Faxon (February 4, 1848 -- August 10, 1920) was an American ornithologist and carcinologist.	Walter Faxon	ornithologist	carcinologist
occupation	Arkady Severny (Zvezdin) (Аркадий Северный; Аркадий Дмитриевич Звездин) (March 12, 1939 - April 12, 1980) was a popular singer from Leningrad.	Arkady Severny	singer
occupation	Trevor Blumas (born October 16, 1984) is a Canadian television and film actor and singer-songwriter.	Trevor Blumas	actor
occupation	John Ross Bowie (born May 30, 1971) is an American actor and comedian best known for playing Barry Kripke, a recurring character on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.	John Ross Bowie	actor
occupation	Tal Nitzán (in Hebrew: טל ניצן) is an Israeli poet, writer, translator and editor.	Tal Nitzán	poet	translator
occupation	Scott Holstein (born May 5, 1974) is an American country and bluegrass singer-songwriter.	Scott Holstein	singer-songwriter
occupation	S. Indika (full name and details unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Galle Cricket Club.	S. Indika	cricketer
occupation	Rick DePiro, (born May 30, 1967) who is known by his stage name Ricky Dee, is an American Country singer-songwriter, jazz pianist and organist, and a music producer who has recorded and produced over twenty-five albums.	Rick DePiro	singer-songwriter
occupation	David S. Tatel (born March 16, 1942) is an American jurist who has been a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit since 1994.	David S. Tatel	judge
occupation	Carmen Marai is the nom de plume of Carmen María Bassa Rodríguez, a Chilean poet and novelist.	Carmen Marai	poet	novelist
occupation	Loraine Boettner (March 7, 1901 -- January 3, 1990) was an American theologian, teacher, and author in the Reformed tradition.	Loraine Boettner	theologian
occupation	Joan Gardy Artigas (born 1938) is a Catalan ceramist, artist and (was) a close collaborator with Joan Miró.	Joan Gardy Artigas	ceramist
occupation	Syed Mohammad Ahmad Kazmi is a freelance journalist, founder editor of Media Star News and now is the Chief editor of Urdu daily newspaper ``Qaumi Salamati'' and an accused in the attack on Israeli diplomats.	Mohammad Ahmad Kazmi	journalist
occupation	R. Leo Kieffer (born September 11, 1930) is an American businessperson and politician from Maine.	Leo Kieffer	politician
occupation	Ralph Hoffmann (November 30, 1870 -- July 21, 1932) was an American natural history teacher and amateur ornithologist and botanist.	Ralph Hoffmann	ornithologist	botanist
occupation	Alfredo Volpi (April 14, 1896 -- May 28, 1988), was a prominent painter of the artistic and cultural Brazilian modernist movement.	Alfredo Volpi	painter
occupation	Robert Breuler is an American stage actor, primarily known as a longtime ensemble member of the Steppenwolf Theatre Company, in Chicago, Illinois, where he won a Joseph Jefferson Award for his role as a Russian negotiator in A Walk in the Woods.	Robert Breuler	actor
occupation	Khondaker Hasibul Kabir is a Bangladeshi landscape architect and sustainability advocate who works with Bangladeshi development agencies such as BRAC and Grameen in rural and sustainable architecture.	Khondaker Hasibul Kabir	architect
occupation	Juan Gossaín (born San Bernardo del Viento, Córdoba ) is a Colombian radio director, radio journalist and writer.	Juan Gossaín	journalist	writer
occupation	Olivier Fillieule is a political scientist and sociologist.	Olivier Fillieule	sociologist
occupation	Jerome Delvin (born September 15, 1956, Richland, Washington) is an American politician of the Republican Party.	Jerome Delvin	politician
occupation	Herman Hupfeld (February 1, 1894 -- June 8, 1951) was an American songwriter whose most notable composition was ``As Time Goes By.''	Herman Hupfeld	songwriter
occupation	George Menachery is a professor, anthropologist, indologist, historian of Syro Malabar Church and history of Kerala.	George Menachery	anthropologist	historian
occupation	Day Guey-ing (Chinese: 戴桂英; pinyin: Dài Guìyīng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Day Guey-ing	politician
occupation	Giovanni Cifolelli was an Italian mandolin virtuoso and dramatic composer whose date and place of birth are unknown.	Giovanni Cifolelli	composer
occupation	Sun Tzu (/ˈsuːnˈdzuː/; also rendered as Sun Zi) was a Chinese general, military strategist, and philosopher who lived in the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China.	Sun Tzu	philosopher
occupation	Girolamo Frescobaldi was appointed ``organist'' of St. Peter's Basilica, a focal point of power for the Capella Giulia (a musical organisation) from 21 July 1608 until 1628 and again from 1634 until his death.	Girolamo Frescobaldi	organist
occupation	Steven Rinella is an outdoorsman, writer, and television personality known for translating the hunting lifestyle to a wide variety of audiences.	Steven Rinella	writer
occupation	Samuel Hopkins Adams (January 26, 1871 -- November 16, 1958) was an American writer, best known for his investigative journalism and muckraking.	Samuel Hopkins Adams	writer
occupation	Angélique Namaika is a Roman Catholic Augustine Sisters of Dungu and Doruma nun from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Angélique Namaika	nun
occupation	Spencer Bayles is the front-man and songwriter for Leeds, England-based acoustic band Last Night's TV.	Spencer Bayles	songwriter
occupation	Basil Kovpak (Ukrainian: Василь Ковпак, Vasyl' Kovpak) is a Ukrainian Traditionalist Catholic priest and the founder and current head of the Priestly Society of Saint Josaphat.	Basil Kovpak	priest
occupation	Virginia E. Walker Broughton (March 1, 1856 -- September 21, 1934) was an African American author and Baptist missionary.	Virginia E. Walker Broughton	author	missionary
occupation	Gilberto Martínez Solares (1906--1997) was a Mexican actor, cinematographer, director and screenwriter.	Gilberto Martínez Solares	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Pearson v. Chung, better known as the ``pants lawsuit'', is a civil case filed in 2005 by Roy L. Pearson, Jr., an administrative law judge in the District of Columbia in the United States, following a dispute with a dry cleaning company over a lost pair of trousers.	Pearson v. Chung	judge
occupation	Kimberly Hendrix was a fashion designer in St. Petersburg, Florida.	Kimberly Hendrix	fashion designer
occupation	Rostam Gorgani was a mid-16th century Persian physician who lived in India.	Rostam Gorgani	physician
occupation	Albert Clinton Horton (September 4, 1798 -- September 1, 1865) was a Texan politician, and the first Lieutenant Governor of Texas serving under Governor James P. Henderson.	Albert Clinton Horton	politician
occupation	Mike Del Rio (born March 8, 1987) is a musical artist, producer, and songwriter from New York, NY.	Mike Del Rio	songwriter
occupation	Andrew Paul Leonard is a photographer who uses electron microscopes as a camera.	Andrew Paul Leonard	photographer
occupation	Harry Hoijer (September 6, 1904 -- March 11, 1976) was a linguist and anthropologist who worked on primarily Athabaskan languages and culture.	Harry Hoijer	linguist	anthropologist
occupation	John Carter Vincent (August 19, 1900 -- December 3, 1972) was an American diplomat, Foreign Service Officer, and China Hand.	John Carter Vincent	diplomat
occupation	John Zibell is an independent actor/writer/director who has worked in New York and Regional Theater and film.	John Zibell	actor
occupation	Fiona Ruttelle is an Australian actress, singer, model and artist.	Fiona Ruttelle	singer	model
occupation	Harriet Quimby (May 11, 1875 -- July 1, 1912) was an early American aviator and a movie screenwriter.	Harriet Quimby	aviator	screenwriter
occupation	Eberhard Melchior is a German mathematician who provided the first proof of Sylvester's line problem in 1940.	Eberhard Melchior	mathematician
occupation	Keanan Duffty (born 28 April 1964) is a British fashion designer and musician based in New York City.	Keanan Duffty	fashion designer
occupation	Emmah More is a South African politician and former Shadow Deputy Minister of Social Development.	Emmah More	politician
occupation	Marc Jean-Bernard (born May 14, 1952) is a French philosopher, thinker in International Relations, classical musician and musicologist.	Marc Jean-Bernard	philosopher
occupation	Ross Street is an Australian mathematician specializing in category theory.	Ross Street	mathematician
occupation	Fabrizio Mobrici (born 9 April 1975), known by his stage name Fabrizio Moro, is an Italian singer-songwriter and television presenter.	Fabrizio Moro	singer-songwriter
occupation	Rebecca Luker (born April 17, 1961) is an American actress, singer, and recording artist who has appeared in several musical theatre productions on Broadway.	Rebecca Luker	singer
occupation	Pio Fedi (1815-1892) was an Italian sculptor who worked chiefly in the Romantic style.	Pio Fedi	sculptor
occupation	Stefano Vagnini (born 1963) is an Italian musician, composer, poet and Modular Art theorist who lives and brings his music around the world.	Stefano Vagnini	composer	poet
occupation	Rosalind Bengelsdorf Browne (1916--1979) was an American painter, art critic and educator.	Rosalind Bengelsdorf Browne	painter
occupation	Marcus Reichert (born June 19, 1948) is an American painter, poet, author, photographer, and film writer/director.	Marcus Reichert	painter	photographer
occupation	Josh Routh is a nationally recognized American circus performer, and a founding member of the comedic troop Brothers Kaputnik, Death By Tickle and Circus Kaput.	Josh Routh	circus performer
occupation	Craig Pruess (born 1950) is an American composer, musician, arranger and gold & platinum record producer who has been living in Britain since 1973.	Craig Pruess	composer
occupation	Anais Pouliot (born May 7, 1991, in Chicoutimi, Quebec) is a Canadian model.	Anais Pouliot	model
occupation	William Wells Brown (circa 1814 -- November 6, 1884) was a prominent African-American abolitionist lecturer, novelist, playwright, and historian in the United States.	William Wells Brown	novelist	historian
occupation	Shelley Smith Mydans (born Shelley Smith, May 20, 1915 -- March 7, 2002) was an American novelist, journalist and prisoner of war.	Shelley Smith Mydans	novelist	journalist
occupation	Richard Lovelace (pronounced /lʌvlɪs/, homophone of ``loveless'') was an English poet in the seventeenth century.	Richard Lovelace	poet
occupation	Roger Frappier is a Canadian producer, director, editor, actor, and screenwriter born April 14, 1945.	Roger Frappier	screenwriter
occupation	Fritz Bultman (April 4, 1919 -- July 20, 1985) was an American Abstract expressionist painter, sculptor, and collagist and a member of the New York School of artists.	Fritz Bultman	painter
occupation	Nick Turner, sometimes credited as Nicky Turner, is a drummer that briefly played with The Raincoats and became a founding member of The Barracudas.	Nick Turner	drummer
occupation	Mel Finkelstein was a Pulitzer Prize nominated photographer who rode the streets of New York City as a ``camera cowboy'' for more than 40 years working as a newspaper and freelance photographer.	Mel Finkelstein	photographer
occupation	Tony Gabaldon (June 3, 1930 -- January 3, 1998) was a teacher and principal, who became a politician and was elected as Arizona state senator.	Tony Gabaldon	politician
occupation	Karl Hermann Brunn (August 1, 1862 -- September 20, 1939) was a German mathematician, known for his work in convex geometry (see Brunn--Minkowski inequality) and in knot theory.	Hermann Brunn	mathematician
occupation	Thomas J. Katz is an American organic chemist, who is known for his experimental work with prisman, olefin metathesis, and enyne metathesis.	Thomas J. Katz	chemist
occupation	Leonid Pervomayskiy (Ukrainian: Первомайський Леонід Соломонович, birth name: Ilya Shlyomovich (Solomonovich) Gurevich) (May 4/17, 1908 -- December 9, 1973), was a Jewish-Ukrainian Soviet poet, winner of the Stalin Prize (1946) and member of CPSU since 1954.	Leonid Pervomayskiy	poet
occupation	James Webbe (by 1528-57), of Devizes, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	James Webbe	politician
occupation	Allie Light is an American film producer, film director and film editor.	Allie Light	film producer	film director	film editor
occupation	Emma Romeu (Havana) is a writer and geographer who has dedicated her career to environmental journalism.	Emma Romeu	geographer
occupation	Mattie Montgomery is an American singer-songwriter best known as the lead vocalist and frontman in the Christian metalcore band For Today.	Mattie Montgomery	singer
occupation	Pietro Lucatelli (c. 1630-after 1690) was an Italian painter active during the Baroque period in Rome.	Pietro Lucatelli	painter
occupation	Dina Fanai (born in New York City, New York) is a singer, producer, songwriter and composer.	Dina Fanai	singer
occupation	Lucius Aelius Stilo Praeconinus (/ˈstaɪloʊ/; c. 154 -- 74 BC), of Lanuvium, is the earliest philologist of the Roman Republic.	Lucius Aelius Stilo Praeconinus	philologist
occupation	Hugh T. Farley (born November 26, 1932) is an American lawyer, schoolteacher, professor and Republican politician from Schenectady County, New York.	Hugh T. Farley	lawyer	politician
occupation	Carla Azar is an American musician and member of the band Autolux.	Carla Azar	musician
occupation	Jimmy Yves Newman (August 29, 1927 -- June 21, 2014), better known as Jimmy C. Newman (the C stands for Cajun), was an American country music and cajun singer-songwriter and long-time star of the Grand Ole Opry.	Jimmy C. Newman	singer
occupation	Peter Milton Walsh is an Australian singer-songwriter and guitarist best known for his band, The Apartments.	Peter Milton Walsh	singer-songwriter
occupation	A. Rajagopal is a well-known Indian politician, social worker, Lawyer and former Member of the Legislative Assembly.	A. Rajagopal	politician
occupation	Bruno Tommaso (born 1946) is an Italian jazz double-bass player and composer, the cousin of fellow double-bass player Giovanni Tommaso.	Bruno Tommaso	composer
occupation	Ida Annah Ryan was a pioneering United States architect.	Ida Annah Ryan	architect
occupation	Charles Gibbons (born July 21, 1901 -- February 2, 1968) was a U.S. politician who served as the Speaker of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1953 to 1955 as a Republican.	Charles Gibbons	politician
occupation	Quinn Duffy (January 1, 1970- ) is an American actor.	Quinn Duffy	actor
occupation	Thomas Cathern, Gadarn or Gatharne (by 1519-65 or later), of Prendergast, Pembrokeshire, was a Welsh politician.	Thomas Cathern	politician
occupation	Juan Vicente Torrealba is a Venezuelan harpist and composer of popular music.	Juan Vicente Torrealba	composer
occupation	Walter Gibbons (April 2, 1954 - September 23, 1994) was an American record producer, early disco DJ and remixer.	Walter Gibbons	record producer
occupation	Edward Akrout is a Franco-British actor and artist.	Edward Akrout	actor
occupation	Paola Turbay Gómez (born November 29, 1970) is a Colombian-American actress, model, beauty queen, and television presenter.	Paola Turbay	model
occupation	The Sisyphus Painter was an Apulian red-figure vase painter.	Sisyphus Painter	red-figure vase painter
occupation	Keith Randolph Smith is an American Broadway, television, theater and film actor.	Keith Randolph Smith	actor
occupation	Mary Jane Russell was a successful New York-based American photographic fashion model between 1948 and 1961.	Mary Jane Russell	model
occupation	Allan Blank (December 27, 1925, New York City -- November 12, 2013, Bon Air, Virginia) was an American composer who has more than 60 published works.	Allan Blank	composer
occupation	Jang Mi-ran (born October 9, 1983) is a South Korean Olympic weightlifter.	Jang Mi-ran	weightlifter
occupation	Aryan Rajesh, born Edara Aryan Rajesh, is an Indian film actor who stars in Tollywood films.	Aryan Rajesh	actor
occupation	Jeremy Rall is an American music video director, photographer and independent film director.	Jeremy Rall	music video director	photographer	film director
occupation	John Nywaman (fl. 1404) of Exeter, Devon, was an English politician.	John Nywaman	politician
occupation	Brother Alfred Brousseau, F.S.C. (February 17, 1907--May 31, 1988), was an educator, photographer and mathematician and was known mostly as a founder of the Fibonacci Association and as an educator.	Alfred Brousseau	photographer
occupation	Herbie Hide (born Herbert Okechukwu Maduagwu; 27 August 1971) is a British former professional boxer who held the WBO heavyweight title twice.	Herbie Hide	boxer
occupation	Manav Kaul (born 1976) is an Indian theatre director, playwright, actor and film-maker.	Manav Kaul	actor
occupation	Rosalie Ritz (August 6, 1923 -- April 18, 2008), born Rosalie Jane Mislove in Racine, Wisconsin, was an award-winning journalist and courtroom artist who covered major United States trials in the 1960s through the 1990s.	Rosalie Ritz	journalist
occupation	Ray Heindorf (August 25, 1908 -- February 3, 1980) was an American songwriter, composer, conductor, and arranger.	Ray Heindorf	composer	conductor
occupation	Arthur Thomas Colten, known as Tom Colten (October 21, 1922 -- December 5, 2004), was a Louisiana newspaperman and politician from the 1950s to the 1990s who rose from a small-town mayoralty position to head his state's Department of Transportation and Development under three governors from both parties.	Tom Colten	politician
occupation	Wendy Rahamut is a Trinidadian author, television personality and chef.	Wendy Rahamut	chef
occupation	Formerly Reader at the University of Leeds, UK, Robert Olby is a historian of 19th and 20th century biology, his specialist fields being genetics and molecular biology.	Robert Olby	historian
occupation	Leib Yaffe (Hebrew: אריה לייב יפה ‎) was a Hebrew poet, journalist and editor of Haaretz newspaper.	Leib Yaffe	journalist
occupation	Dušan Rapoš (born June 20, 1953 in Moravany) is a Slovak film director, screenwriter and composer.	Dušan Rapoš	film director	composer
occupation	Robert C. Bolles (April 24, 1928 -- April 8, 1994) was an American psychologist and author who conducted work on experimental psychology.	Robert C. Bolles	psychologist
occupation	Bob Utley has been a prolific writer throughout his lifetime.	Bob Utley	writer
occupation	Paul Casey Puckett (born September 22, 1972) is an American alpine skier who competed from 1990 to 2006 and freestyle skier who has competed since 2008.	Casey Puckett	alpine skier	freestyle skier
occupation	Scott Blasi (born on August 24, 1973 in Independence, KS) is an American horse trainer.	Scott Blasi	horse trainer
occupation	Dan Mullen (born April 27, 1972) is an American football coach currently serving as the head coach of the Mississippi State Bulldogs.	Dan Mullen	head coach
occupation	Gilli Moon is an Australian Los Angeles based singer-songwriter.	Gilli Moon	singer-songwriter
occupation	Andronicus of Rhodes (Greek: Ἀνδρόνικος ο Ρόδιος, Andrónikos o Rhódios; Latin: Andronicus Rhodius; fl. c. 60 BC) was a Greek philosopher from Rhodes who was also the head (scholarch) of the Peripatetic school.	Andronicus of Rhodes	philosopher
occupation	Georges Beauchemin (June 17, 1891 -- February 25, 1957) was a Canadian singer and veterinarian, who released records for both the Starr and His Master's Voice recording companies, as well as two recordings under the pseudonym Roger Mainville for the Duprex company.	Georges Beauchemin	singer
occupation	Cheng Heng (1910--1996) was a Cambodian politician, who acted as the country's Head of State from 1970--1971, and was a relatively prominent political figure during the Khmer Republic period (1970--1975).	Cheng Heng	politician
occupation	Nebojša Golić (Serbian Cyrillic: Небојша Голић; born January 23, 1977 in Banja Luka, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former Bosnian Serb handball player.	Nebojša Golić	handball player
occupation	Paul Tanner (October 15, 1917 -- February 5, 2013) was an American musician and former member of the Glenn Miller Orchestra.	Paul Tanner	musician
occupation	Franz Joseph Antony (1790--1837) was a choral composer.	Franz Joseph Antony	composer
occupation	Curro Savoy or Kurt Savoy (born Francisco Rodríguez, Andújar, Jaén Province, 1948) is a Spanish musician specialised in whistling who lives currently in France.	Curro Savoy	musician
occupation	The Honourable Albert Joseph Brown KC (July 8, 1861 -- November 16, 1938) was a Canadian lawyer and politician.	Albert Joseph Brown	lawyer	politician
occupation	Laurent Touil-Tartour (born November 23, 1971) is an award-winning French film director, screenwriter, producer.	Laurent Touil-Tartour	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Paul Duke (October 16, 1926 -- July 18, 2005) was an American newspaper, radio and television journalist, best known for his 20-year stint as moderator of Washington Week in Review on PBS.	Paul Duke	journalist
occupation	Samantha Dorrance is a British actress, singer and dancer from Willenhall in the West Midlands who reached fame on Disney Channel UK.	Samantha Dorrance	singer	dancer
occupation	Elena Nikolaidi (Greek: Έλενα Νικολαΐδη; June 15, 1909 -- November 14, 2002) was a noted Greek-American opera singer and teacher.	Elena Nikolaidi	opera singer
occupation	Alixe Bovey is a Canadian medieval art historian and head of research at the Courtauld Institute of Art, a college of the University of London.	Alixe Bovey	historian
occupation	Bret Wolfe (born May 21, 1975) is an American porn star and actor.	Bret Wolfe	actor
occupation	Michael Harold Chapel is a former Gwinnett County Georgia police officer, who was convicted in the murder of 53-year-old Emogene Thompson outside a muffler shop on Peachtree Industrial Blvd. in Sugar Hill, Georgia.	Michael Harold Chapel	police officer
occupation	Marcin of Urzędów (Polish: Marcin z Urzędowa, (ˈmart͡ɕin zuʐɛnˈdɔva); ca. 1500--1573) was a Polish Roman Catholic priest, physician, pharmacist and botanist known especially for his Herbarz polski (``Polish Herbal'').	Marcin of Urzędów	botanist
occupation	Howard Zinn (August 24, 1922 -- January 27, 2010) was an American historian, playwright, and social activist.	Howard Zinn	historian	playwright
occupation	João Sayad (born December 1, 1945) is a Brazilian economist, professor of the Department of Economics, Management and Accounting of the University of Sao Paulo and former Secretary of Finance for the state of Sao Paulo.	João Sayad	economist
occupation	James Arness (May 26, 1923 -- June 3, 2011) was an American actor, best known for portraying Marshal Matt Dillon in the television series Gunsmoke for 20 years.	James Arness	actor
occupation	David Prescott Barrows (June 27, 1873 -- September 5, 1954) was an American anthropologist, explorer, and educator.	David Prescott Barrows	anthropologist
occupation	David Salle (born 1952) is an American painter, printmaker, and stage designer who helped define postmodern sensibility.	David Salle	painter
occupation	Myqerem Fuga was an Albanian politician and chair of the Executive Committee of Tirana from 1970 through 1973.	Myqerem Fuga	politician
occupation	Margaret Cox (born 24 September 1963) is a former Irish politician and Senator.	Margaret Cox	politician
occupation	Brian Hanley (born 1974) is an Irish former hurler who played as a midfielder for the Athenry senior hurling team.	Brian Hanley	hurler
occupation	Paul Salveson is a five-time Grammy Award winning audio engineer.	Paul Salveson	audio engineer
occupation	Oleg Grabar (November 3, 1929 -- January 8, 2011) was a French-born art historian and archeologist, who spent most of his career in the United States, as a leading figure in the field of Islamic art and architecture.	Oleg Grabar	art historian
occupation	Kenneth Bruce Gorelick (born June 5, 1956), better known by his stage name Kenny G, is an American saxophonist.	Kenny G	saxophonist
occupation	William Seaman Bainbridge (February 17, 1870 -- September 22, 1947) was an American surgeon and gynecologist.	William Seaman Bainbridge	surgeon
occupation	Marc Nieson (born in Brooklyn, New York) is an American screenwriter and professor.	Marc Nieson	screenwriter
occupation	Rim Banna (Arabic: ريم بنا‎), is a Palestinian singer, composer, arranger and activist, who is most known for her modern interpretations of traditional Palestinian songs and poetry.	Rim Banna	singer	composer
occupation	Daria Iushko (Ukrainian: Дарья Юшко, born 5 February 1985) is a Ukrainian synchronized swimmer who competed in the women's duet at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Daria Iushko	swimmer
occupation	Yordan Mitkov (Bulgarian: Йордан Митков, born April 3, 1956) is a former Bulgarian weightlifter.	Yordan Mitkov	weightlifter
occupation	Josef Müller-Brockmann (May 9, 1914 -- August 30, 1996) was a Swiss graphic designer and teacher.	Josef Müller-Brockmann	graphic designer
occupation	Julie London (born Gayle Peck; September 26, 1926 -- October 18, 2000) was an American nightclub, jazz and pop singer, film and television actress and a former pinup model, whose career span five decades of television.	Julie London	singer
occupation	Zenodotus (Greek: Ζηνόδοτος) was a Greek grammarian, literary critic, Homeric scholar, and the first librarian of the Library of Alexandria.	Zenodotus	librarian
occupation	Roh Ogura, 小倉 朗, (January 19, 1916 - August 26, 1990) was a Japanese composer and writer.	Roh Ogura	composer
occupation	Amy Winfrey is an American animator, screenwriter, songwriter, director and voice actress.	Amy Winfrey	songwriter
occupation	Andrew Lowery (born January 4, 1970) is an American actor, screenwriter, and director, best known for playing ``Mack'' McGivern in the film School Ties and Matthew, the white cousin of Cree Summer's character Freddie, on the television series A Different World.	Andrew Lowery	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Bruce Reitherman (born September 15, 1955) is an American filmmaker and former child actor.	Bruce Reitherman	actor
occupation	Rev. Ransom Dunn, D.D. (July 7, 1818 -- November 9, 1900) (nickname: ``the Grand Old Man of Hillsdale'') was an American minister and theologian, prominent in the early Free Will Baptist movement in New England.	Ransom Dunn	theologian
occupation	Adam Tedder is a British actor, singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist musician, working in stage, film, television and radio.	Adam Tedder	actor	singer-songwriter
occupation	Ron Clark Ball (born July 24, 1959) is an American thriller and suspense novelist from McLean, Virginia, and the author of Falcon on the Tower (2007), ISBN 978-0-615-14016-2.	Ron Clark Ball	novelist
occupation	Michael G. Barbour (born 1942) is a notable California botanist and ecologist.	Michael G. Barbour	botanist
occupation	Igor Lumpert (born October 27, 1975 in Novo Mesto, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Slovene composer, jazz saxophonist.	Igor Lumpert	saxophonist
occupation	Charles Henry Hardin (July 15, 1820 -- July 29, 1892) was a politician and governor from Missouri, and one of the eight founders of Beta Theta Pi fraternity.	Charles Henry Hardin	politician
occupation	Stoya (born June 15, 1986) is an American pornographic actress, writer and model.	Stoya	writer	model
occupation	Edmund Waddill, Jr. (May 22, 1855 -- April 9, 1931) was a U.S. Representative from Virginia, and later a United States federal judge.	Edmund Waddill, Jr.	judge
occupation	Antonius Mathijsen (November 4, 1805--June 15, 1878) was a Dutch army surgeon who first used plaster of paris to fixate broken bones.	Antonius Mathijsen	surgeon
occupation	Arif Ardabili was a medieval poet who is famous for being author of Farhadnameh.	Arif Ardabili	poet
occupation	Bernadette Sebage Rathedi is a Botswana diplomat and the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Botswana to Sweden, with concurrent accreditation to Russia, Iceland, Norway, Denmark, Finland and Ukraine.	Bernadette Sebage Rathedi	diplomat
occupation	John Jota Leaños is a socially conscious media artist, originally from Pomona, California.	John Jota Leaños	artist
occupation	Constantine Makris A.S.C. is a Greek-American cinematographer, television director and television producer who has mainly worked on Dick Wolf's series.	Constantine Makris	cinematographer	television director	television producer
occupation	Branko Pintarič (born March 30, 1967) is a Slovene writer, actor and theatrical organizer.	Branko Pintarič	actor
occupation	Thomas Duffet (fl. 1673 -- 1676), or Duffett, was an Irish playwright and songwriter active in England in the 1670s.	Thomas Duffet	playwright
occupation	Saharet was an Australian dancer who made her New York City debut in February 1897.	Saharet	dancer
occupation	Kenneth Woods is an American conductor and cellist.	Kenneth Woods	conductor	cellist
occupation	Ed Corbin is an American actor who is best known for his supporting roles in such films as To Protect and Serve (2001), Chrystal (2004), Trailer Park of Terror (2008), and True Grit (2010).	Ed Corbin	actor
occupation	Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K. widely known as Raj and DK are an Indian film director-producer duo known for their works in modern Bollywood.	Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K.	film director
occupation	Maurice O'Brien (born 28 September 1983) is a Limerick born senior hurler for Dublin and Faughs.	Maurice O'Brien	hurler
occupation	Janice Sarich (born April 26, 1958 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian politician and current Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the constituency of Edmonton-Decore as a Progressive Conservative.	Janice Sarich	politician
occupation	Mauri Valtonen is a Finnish astronomer and professor at the University of Turku.	Mauri Valtonen	astronomer
occupation	Shaun Shiller Fequiere, known by his stage name, Kangol Kid, or, alternatively, The Kangol Kid, is a Haitian-American hip hop producer, songwriter, break dancer, and emcee.	Kangol Kid	songwriter	dancer
occupation	Andrew Litton (born May 16, 1959, New York City) is an American orchestral conductor.	Andrew Litton	conductor
occupation	Judy Valentine (née Norma Baker), an American singer and actress, was born 1923 in Boston, Massachusetts.	Judy Valentine	singer
occupation	Reev Robledo is a music composer, songwriter, teacher and author.	Reev Robledo	composer
occupation	Caroline Fry (December 31, 1787 -- September 17, 1846), a British Christian writer, later Mrs Caroline Wilson, was born and died at Tunbridge Wells in Kent.	Caroline Fry	writer
occupation	Rachel Nabors (born March 9, 1985) is an American cartoonist, artist, and graphic novelist, best known for her serialized comic, Rachel the Great, as well as her two graphic novels, 18 Revolutions and Crow Princess.	Rachel Nabors	artist
occupation	Dustin Majewski (born August 16, 1981 in Brenham, Texas) is a former college and minor league baseball player.	Dustin Majewski	baseball player
occupation	Halina Birenbaum (born 1929) is a Holocaust survivor, writer, poet, translator and activist.	Halina Birenbaum	writer	translator
occupation	Gachi Ferrari is an Argentine is a former model, actress and TV hostess, mostly for children-oriented audiences during the 1970s and 1980s.	Gachi Ferrari	model
occupation	Josh Ritter married Dawn Landes, a fellow musician, in Branson, Missouri on May 9, 2009.	Josh Ritter	musician
occupation	Duncan MacLennan, better known by his stage name DCUP, is an Australian record producer, DJ and remixer.	DCUP	record producer
occupation	Gerald Peters was a British film actor living in Marina Del Rey and working in the Hollywood film industry.	Gerald Peters	actor
occupation	Graham Annable (born June 1, 1970) is an Oscar nominated cartoonist and animator living in Portland, Oregon.	Graham Annable	cartoonist	animator
occupation	Laura Garza is an American socialist politician, a garment worker and a member of UNITE HERE Local 187.	Laura Garza	politician
occupation	Emerson Treacy (September 17, 1900 -- January 10, 1967) was a film, Broadway, and radio actor.	Emerson Treacy	actor
occupation	Steve Jacobs is an Australian actor and film director who is married to actress and producer Anna Maria Monticelli.	Steve Jacobs	film director
occupation	Eleanor Lynette Lemaire (born c.1951), also known as Lyn Lemaire, is an American former triathlete and championship cyclist.	Lyn Lemaire	triathlete
occupation	Alfredo Porzio (August 31, 1900 -- September 14, 1976) was an Argentinian heavyweight professional boxer who competed in the 1920s.	Alfredo Porzio	boxer
occupation	Khadevis Robinson (born July 19, 1976 in Fort Worth, Texas) is an American retired middle distance runner and currently coaches both the men's and women's cross country teams along with being an assistant track coach for the LSU Tigers and Lady Tigers.	Khadevis Robinson	middle distance runner
occupation	Teddy Page (akas: Ted Johnson, Irvin Johnson) is a Filipino film director and occasional writer.	Teddy Page	film director
occupation	Dwight Isbell was a radio engineer, I.E.E.E antennas and propagation fellow, and co-inventor of the Log-periodic antenna while a student at the University of Illinois under Raymond DuHamel.	Dwight Isbell	engineer
occupation	Anna Rostkowska (née Zagórska; born July 26, 1980 in Lwówek Śląski) is a Polish middle distance runner, who specialized in the 800 metres.	Anna Rostkowska	middle distance runner
occupation	Grace C. Bibb (1842--1912) was a feminist and philosopher.	Grace C. Bibb	philosopher
occupation	Daryl Kerrigan, known professionally as Daryl K (born 2 April) is an Irish born, fashion designer based in New York City	Daryl Kerrigan	fashion designer
occupation	It is likely that Jean Danican Philidor was a composer of dance suites; however, scholars are uncertain whether works signed ``Philidor le père'' are composed by Jean Danican, or his son André, who was also known as Philidor l'Ainé (Philidor the elder).	Jean Danican Philidor	composer
occupation	Şükrü Kaya served as Minister of Agriculture, Minister of Foreign Affairs and Interior Minister in several cabinets between 1924 and 1938.	Şükrü Kaya	Minister of Agriculture
occupation	Meshach Chambers (December 23, 1867 -- June 23, 1920) was an English cricketer who played for Nottinghamshire.	Meshach Chambers	cricketer
occupation	Kathleen Clark is an American playwright whose plays include Southern Comforts, In the Mood, Secrets of a Soccer Mom,Banner.	Kathleen Clark	playwright
occupation	Vinod Mathur (bornNovember 11, 1953 in Jaipur, Rajasthan) is an Indian first-class cricketer who plays for Rajasthan cricket team form 1971 to 1985.	Vinod Mathur	cricketer
occupation	Aamir Raza Husain (born January 6, 1957) is an Indian theatre actor and director, noted for his large outdoor stage productions like The Fifty Day War (2000), based on the Kargil War and The Legend of Ram (2004), based on the epic Ramayana.	Aamir Raza Husain	actor
occupation	Balázs Szegedy is a Hungarian mathematician whose research concerns combinatorics and graph theory.	Balázs Szegedy	mathematician
occupation	Robert Dean Stockwell (born March 5, 1936) is an American actor of film and television, with a career spanning over 65 years.	Dean Stockwell	actor
occupation	Gunnar Madsen is an American composer and vocalist.	Gunnar Madsen	composer
occupation	Cástulo Guerra (born August 24, 1945) is an Argentine actor who found success appearing in American films and television.	Cástulo Guerra	actor
occupation	Latchman Bhansingh (born 26 November 1966) is a former Guyanese Canadian cricketer.	Latchman Bhansingh	cricketer
occupation	Emese Danks is a Hungarian politician who served as spokeswoman of the Hungarian government from 1 August 2006 to 5 March 2007.	Emese Danks	politician
occupation	John Bond Pearce (1843/4 -- 1903) was a 19th-century architect in Norwich, in the county of Norfolk, England.	John Bond Pearce	architect
occupation	Jean-Pierre Duport (November 27, 1741 -- December 31, 1818) was a cellist of the late 18th and early 19th centuries.	Jean-Pierre Duport	cellist
occupation	William Lorge (August 31, 1960) is an American politician, farmer, and businessman.	William Lorge	politician
occupation	Giovanni Maria Benzoni (August 28, 1809 -- April 28, 1873) was an Italian neoclassical sculptor.	Giovanni Maria Benzoni	sculptor
occupation	Siamak Yassemi (Persian: سیامک یاسمی‎‎) is an Iranian mathematician.	Siamak Yassemi	mathematician
occupation	Da-Hong Seetoo (simplified Chinese: 司徒 达宏; traditional Chinese: 司徒 達宏; pinyin: Sītú Dáhóng; born September 29, 1960) is a classical record producer, recording engineer, and Violinist.	Da-Hong Seetoo	engineer
occupation	Wayne Wilderson (born January 30, 1966) is an American comedian and actor who has had guest spots on many successful television programs, including The Office, Seinfeld, Mr. Show, The Steve Harvey Show, Two and a Half Men, and The Big Bang Theory.	Wayne Wilderson	actor
occupation	Stephen Darlington is a British choral director and conductor, and president of the Royal College of Organists from 1999-2001.	Stephen Darlington	conductor
occupation	Publius Villius Tappulus was a politician of the Roman Republic.	Publius Villius Tappulus	politician
occupation	Maya Simantov (Hebrew: מאיה סימנטוב‎), also known as Maya, is an Israeli singer-songwriter, born and raised in Bat Yam to a Jewish family.	Maya Simantov	singer-songwriter
occupation	Policarpo ``Poli'' Díaz Arevalo (born November 21, 1967), better known simply as Poli Díaz is a former professional boxer.	Poli Díaz	boxer
occupation	Saint Sæthryth (Old English: Sǣþrȳð; fl. 660s), also called Sedrido, Sethrida or Saethrid, was the stepdaughter of king Anna of East Anglia, who became a Benedictine nun at the abbey of Faremoutiers-en-Brie, Gaul under its foundress Saint Burgundofara, whom she succeeded as abbess.	Sæthryth	nun
occupation	Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande (August 10, 1860 -- September 19, 1936) was an Indian musicologist who wrote the first modern treatise on Hindustani Classical Music (The north Indian variety of Indian classical music), an art which had been propagated earlier for a few centuries mostly through oral traditions.	Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande	musicologist
occupation	Teresa Crippen (born April 12, 1990) is an American competition swimmer who was a Pan American Games gold medalist.	Teresa Crippen	swimmer
occupation	Pantelimon I. Sinadino was a Bessarabian politician of Greek descent.	Pantelimon I. Sinadino	politician
occupation	Hermann Neubacher (June 24, 1893 -- July 1, 1960) was an Austrian Nazi politician who held a number of diplomatic posts in the Third Reich.	Hermann Neubacher	politician
occupation	Marie-Marthe Aldéa Landry, PC, CM, QC (born December 27, 1945 in Sainte-Cécile, New Brunswick) is a Canadian politician, lawyer and public servant.	Aldéa Landry	politician	lawyer
occupation	Kool DJ Red Alert (born Frederick Crute in November 27, 1956) is an American disc jockey who rose to fame on 98.7 Kiss-FM in New York City, and is recognized as a one of the founding fathers of hip hop music and culture.	Kool DJ Red Alert	disc jockey
occupation	Louis Albert Necker (April 10, 1786 -- November 20, 1861) was a Swiss crystallographer and geographer.	Louis Albert Necker	geographer
occupation	Ira Hirsh (February 22, 1922 -- January 12, 2010) was an American psychologist who made early contributions to the field of audiology.	Ira Hirsh	psychologist
occupation	Jiří Kulhánek (born December 31, 1967) is a popular Czech science fiction and fantasy writer.	Jiří Kulhánek	writer
occupation	Mariam Osman Sherifay is a Swedish politician, social activist, pre-school teacher and former member of parliament.	Mariam Osman Sherifay	politician
occupation	Leila Sansour is a film director who produced the film Jeremy Hardy vs. the Israeli Army (2003), following the British comedian Jeremy Hardy and his travails during the siege of Bethlehem in 2002.	Leila Sansour	film director
occupation	Leonard Barr (September 27, 1903 -- November 22, 1980) was an American stand-up comic and actor.	Leonard Barr	actor
occupation	Eugeniusz Bodo (born Bohdan Eugène Junod; 1899 -- 1943) was a film director, producer and one of the most popular Polish actors and comedians of the inter-war period.	Eugeniusz Bodo	film director
occupation	Helen Dowdy was a Broadway actress and singer who played the role of Queenie in the 1946 revival of Kern & Hammerstein's Show Boat (a role originally played by Tess Gardella in 1927).	Helen Dowdy	singer
occupation	Takahisa Oguchi (小口貴久 born January 11, 1979) is a Japanese luger who has competed since 1999.	Takahisa Oguchi	luger
occupation	Suchanun Viratprasert (Thai: สุชานัน วิรัชประเสริฐ; born January 1, 1983) is a Thai former professional tennis player.	Suchanun Viratprasert	tennis player
occupation	Wolfgang Ziffer (born October 26, 1941) is a German voice actor and actor from Wuppertal.	Wolfgang Ziffer	voice actor	actor
occupation	Carol Duboc (born in Kansas City, Missouri) is a composer, jazz vocalist and actress.	Carol Duboc	composer
occupation	Ergican Saydam (born March 28, 1929, in İstanbul; died December 21, 2009, in İstanbul) was a Turkish pianist and piano pedagogue.	Ergican Saydam	pianist
occupation	Frank John Bersbach, Sr. (December 16, 1888 - January 26, 1929) was the vice president and general manager of the Manz Corporation.	Frank John Bersbach, Sr.	general manager
occupation	Fred Burch is an American popular songwriter.	Fred Burch	songwriter
occupation	Kenichi Zenimura (January 25, 1900 -- November 13, 1968) was a Japanese baseball player and manager, known as ``The Dean of the Diamond.''	Kenichi Zenimura	baseball player
occupation	Joseph Élie Cholette was a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Nipissing in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1937 to 1943.	Joseph Élie Cholette	politician
occupation	Erias Lukwago (Ssalongo) is a Ugandan lawyer and politician.	Erias Lukwago	lawyer	politician
occupation	Leona Edmiston is an Australian fashion designer based in Sydney.	Leona Edmiston	fashion designer
occupation	Lisa Small is an American art historian and museum curator.	Lisa Small	art historian
occupation	John McNicholl is a Northern Irish country singer.	John McNicholl	singer
occupation	Werner Kreindl (October 20, 1927 -- June 6, 1992) was an Austrian television actor.	Werner Kreindl	actor
occupation	T. J. Bass, real name Thomas J. Bassler, MD (July 7, 1932 -- December 13, 2011) was an American science fiction author and physician, having graduated from the University of Iowa in 1959.	T. J. Bass	physician
occupation	Gil Stratton Jr. (June 2, 1922 -- October 11, 2008) was an actor and sportscaster who was born in Brooklyn, New York.	Gil Stratton	actor
occupation	John Williams Gunnison (November 11, 1812 -- October 26, 1853) was an American military officer and explorer.	John Williams Gunnison	explorer
occupation	Jaco Visser is a South African rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup, playing in one match.	Jaco Visser	rugby league player
occupation	Jason Aronson is an American publisher of books in the field of psychotherapy.	Jason Aronson	publisher
occupation	To-wen Tseng (traditional Chinese: 曾多聞; simplified Chinese: 曾多闻) is a Chinese American journalist, children's book writer, and breastfeeding advocate.	To-wen Tseng	journalist
occupation	Abul Hasan Ali ibn Julugh Farrukhi Sistani (Persian: ابوالحسن علی بن جولوغ فرخی سیستانی‎) (died 1037) was a 10th- and 11th-century Persian royal poet of Ghaznavids.	Farrukhi Sistani	poet
occupation	Doro Levi (1899 -- 1991) was an archaeologist who practiced in the Mediterranean countries in the 20th century.	Doro Levi	archaeologist
occupation	Adeline Dutton Train Whitney (September 15, 1824 -- March 20, 1906) was an American poet and prolific writer who published more than 20 books for girls.	Adeline Dutton Train Whitney	writer
occupation	Alex Jolig (born Alexander Jolig on January 17, 1963 in Stuttgart), better known by his stage name Alex, is a German actor, singer and motorcycle racer.	Alex Jolig	actor
occupation	Pat Devine is a radical economist concerned mainly with industrial economics and comparative economic systems.	Pat Devine	economist
occupation	Kurt Kreuger (July 23, 1916 -- July 12, 2006) was a Swiss-reared German actor.	Kurt Kreuger	actor
occupation	Otto Albert Tichý (August 14, 1890 -- October 21, 1973) was a Czech composer, teacher and organist.	Otto Albert Tichý	composer	organist
occupation	Yaron Svoray is an Israeli former police detective, author, and lecturer, most notable for his work against Neo-Nazis.	Yaron Svoray	author
occupation	Mara Escalante (born c. 1968) is a Mexican actress, comedian and singer, best known as the star of the Televisa sitcom Maria de todos los angeles, in which she portrays three roles, including the title role.	Mara Escalante	singer
occupation	William Ferdinand Alphonse Turgeon, OC PC (June 3, 1877 -- January 11, 1969) was a Canadian politician and judge in the Province of Saskatchewan.	William Ferdinand Alphonse Turgeon	politician
occupation	Armando Valladares Perez (born May 30, 1937) is a Cuban poet, diplomat, and human rights activist.	Armando Valladares	diplomat	human rights activist
occupation	Tom Wilber is an American journalist and public speaker who specializes in environmental issues.	Tom Wilber	journalist
occupation	Helene Maimann (born in Vienna) is an Austrian historian, author, filmmaker and exhibition organizer.	Helene Maimann	historian
occupation	Luis Hernando Gómez Bustamante (born March 14, 1958) is a Colombian drug trafficker for the Norte del Valle Cartel, who was arrested in 2004 and, on July 19, 2007 transported for extradition to the United States on charges of money laundering and drug smuggling.	Luis Hernando Gómez	drug trafficker
occupation	Marianne Jahn (born 1942) is an Austrian alpine skier and world champion.	Marianne Jahn	alpine skier
occupation	Monique Ohsan Bellepeau was a journalist and a news announcer on the national TV channel, the Mauritius Broadcasting Corporation.	Monique Ohsan Bellepeau	journalist
occupation	Martin H. Williams is an American forensic psychologist.	Martin H. Williams	psychologist
occupation	Nancy Sweetnam (born August 14, 1973) is a Canadian former competition swimmer who swam primarily in medley events.	Nancy Sweetnam	swimmer
occupation	Michael Gartner (born October 25, 1938, in Des Moines, Iowa) is an American journalist and businessman.	Michael Gartner	journalist
occupation	Jonathan Morgan Heit (born July 16, 2000) is an American teen actor known for his role in the Adam Sandler film, Bedtime Stories, where he played Patrick.	Jonathan Morgan Heit	actor
occupation	Rev. Dr. Kwabena Darko (born October 23, 1942) is an entrepreneur, minister of religion and former politician.	Kwabena Darko	entrepreneur
occupation	French-born chef Roland Passot, owner of La Folie and the more casual, Left Bank Brasseries, was named one of ``the eight wonders of Bay Area dining'' by San Francisco Chronicle lead critic Michael Bauer.	Roland Passot	chef
occupation	Gavin Clydesdale Reid is a Scottish economist and past President of the Scottish Economic Society (1999--2002).	Gavin Clydesdale Reid	economist
occupation	Johnny Desmond (November 14, 1919 -- September 6, 1985), born Giovanni Alfredo De Simone, was an American popular music singer.	Johnny Desmond	singer
occupation	Francis Cosmo Migliaccio (born October 17, 1956), known as Fran Cosmo, is an American musician best known as a former lead singer of the bands Boston and Orion the Hunter.	Fran Cosmo	singer
occupation	Henry de Botebrigge or Henry of Budbridge (died c.1331) was a 13th-14th century abbot in the Isle of Wight.	Henry de Botebrigge	abbot
occupation	Samuel Torres (born September 4, 1976) is a Colombian percussionist composer and arranger.	Samuel Torres	composer
occupation	S.A. Ramadas (also spelled as S.A. Ramdas) is an Indian politician.	S.A. Ramadas	politician
occupation	Nancy Van de Vate (born December 30, 1930) is an American-born composer living in Austria.	Nancy Van de Vate	composer
occupation	Gajanan Jagirdara (1907--1988) was a veteran Indian film director, screenwriter and actor.	Gajanan Jagirdar	film director	actor
original network	Homemade TV is a Canadian children's television series which aired on CBC Television from 1976 to 1977.	Homemade TV	CBC Television
original network	Republic of Doyle is a Canadian comedy-drama television series set in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador which aired on CBC Television from January 6, 2010 to December 10, 2014.	Republic of Doyle	CBC Television
original network	Fashion Police is an American television series that premiered on September 10, 2010, on E!.	Fashion Police	E
original network	America's Funniest Home Videos (often simply abbreviated to AFHV or its on-air abbreviation AFV) is an American reality television program on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC), which features humorous homemade videos that are submitted by viewers.	America's Funniest Home Videos	American Broadcasting Company
original network	What Should You Do? is an American reality series that aired on Lifetime from April 2003 to January 2004.	What Should You Do?	Lifetime
parent taxon	Euchirinae is a subfamily of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.	Euchirinae	Scarabaeidae
parent taxon	The Klamath Lake sculpin (Cottus princeps) is a species of fish in the Cottidae family.	Klamath Lake sculpin	Cottus
parent taxon	Jurabuprestis karatauensis is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Jurabuprestis.	Jurabuprestis	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Flat-headed loach (Oreonectes platycephalus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oreonectes.	Flat-headed loach	Oreonectes
parent taxon	The Salgir gudgeon (Gobio krymensis) is a species of gudgeon, a small freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Salgir gudgeon	Gobio
participant of	Maksymilian Małkowiak (September 26, 1922 in Gniezno -- September 6, 2009) was a Polish field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Maksymilian Małkowiak	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aziza Abdelfattah (born 8 December 1990) is an Egyptian synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Aziza Abdelfattah	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gábor Bodó (5 August 1941-2011) was Hungarian volleyball player who competed in 1964 Summer Olympics.	Gábor Bodó	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kenji Fujinaka (born 28 November 1947) is a Japanese former handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Kenji Fujinaka	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Johann Tauscher (31 March 1909 -- 21 January 1979) was an Austrian field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Johann Tauscher	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alan Tsagaev (Bulgarian spelling of name: Алан Цагаев) (born September 13, 1977) is a naturalized Bulgarian weightlifter of Ossetian origin who competed in the Men's 105 kg weight class at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal, lifting 422.5 kg in total.	Alan Tsagaev	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tadeusz Kraus played for Czechoslovakia national team (scoring 6 goals in 23 matches) and was a participant at the two World Cups, 1954 FIFA World Cup and 1958 FIFA World Cup.	Tadeusz Kraus	1954 FIFA World Cup	1958 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Georges Mys (26 March 1880 -- 7 November 1952) was an rower who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics for Belgium.	Georges Mys	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cheung Yi Nei (born 20 November 1973) is a fencer from Hong Kong, who won a bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the women's épée team competition.	Cheung Yi Nei	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Volodymyr Kravchenko (Ukrainian: Володимир Кравченко; born 22 December 1969) is a Ukrainian triple jumper, best known for placing tenth at the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Volodymyr Kravchenko	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Leonidas Sabanis (sometimes spelled Leonidas Sampanis Greek: Λεωνίδας Σαμπάνης) is a Greek retired weightlifter, who represented Greece in 1996, 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.	Leonidas Sabanis	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kazumi Nakamura (Japanese: 中村 和美; born February 24, 1971) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Kazumi Nakamura	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kirsten Thomson (born 27 September 1983) is an Australian middle distance freestyle swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×200-metre freestyle relay at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Kirsten Thomson	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gaspare Torretta (1883 -- July 5, 1910) was an Italian athlete who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics and in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Gaspare Torretta	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	In the 2008 Summer Olympics, Ai Ueda took 17th in women's triathlon.	Ai Ueda	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ariane Schneider (born 12 March 1985) is a Swiss synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Ariane Schneider	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aleksandr Borisovich Savin (Russian: Александр Борисович Савин, born July 1, 1957) is a Russian former volleyball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Aleksandr Borisovich Savin	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erwin Stricker (15 August 1950 in Mattighofen -- 28 September 2010 in Bozen) was an Italian alpine skier who competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics and 1976 Winter Olympics.	Erwin Stricker	1972 Winter Olympics	1976 Winter Olympics
participant of	Donna and Joseph McCaul (born 30 May 1984 and 1989, respectively), also known as The McCauls, are a brother and sister musical duo who represented Ireland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 in Ukraine.	Donna and Joseph McCaul	Eurovision Song Contest 2005
participant of	On international level, Ahmed Faras took part in the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico and 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, before leading his team the African Cup of Nations success in 1976.	Ahmed Faras	1970 FIFA World Cup	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roberto Anderson is a field hockey player, who competed for Argentina at the 1948 Summer Olympics, he played in all three group games, scoring one goal against Spain.	Roberto Anderson	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Katrin Krüger (later Katrin Mietzner, born April 10, 1959 in Groß Schönebeck, Barnim) is a former East German handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Katrin Krüger	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Henrietta Ebert (born January 15, 1954) is a German rower, who won the gold medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics and was a member of the SC Dynamo Potsdam.	Henrietta Ebert	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Carlos Lillo (born October 2, 1915, date of death unknown) was a Chilean boxer, who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Carlos Lillo	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	George Kalovelonis (born 23 August 1959 in Athens) is a former tennis player from Greece, who represented his native country as a lucky loser at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.	George Kalovelonis	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sandro Lopopolo was considered as a hometown favorite for the lightweight division Olympic boxing title at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome where he won the silver medal.	Sandro Lopopolo	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Timothy Lee Dement, known as Tim Dement (born March 14, 1955), is an American former amateur boxer who competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Tim Dement	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alberto Elli (Giussano, March 9, 1964) is a former Italian road racing cyclist, who wore the yellow jersey for 4 days in the 2000 Tour de France.	Alberto Elli	Tour de France
participant of	Agnes Geraghty (November 26, 1907 -- March 1, 1974), also known by her married name Agnes McAndrews, was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1924 Summer Olympics and 1928 Summer Olympics.	Agnes Geraghty	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Thomas Knuths (born 31 August 1958 in Schwäbisch Gmünd) is a German former diver who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Thomas Knuths	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anna Szántó (born November 24, 1966 in Mátészalka) is a former Hungarian handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, where she collected the bronze medal with the Hungarian team.	Anna Szántó	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	François de Coninck (9 August 1902 -- ?) was a Belgian rower who won a bronze medal in the coxed pairs at the 1928 Summer Olympics.	François de Coninck	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hiroshi Nagata (Japanese: 永田 寛, born 1907) was a Japanese field hockey player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Hiroshi Nagata	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ernestine Lebrun (born 1906, date of death unknown) was a French freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Ernestine Lebrun	1920 Summer Olympics	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ernst Pistulla (born November 28, 1906 in Goslar -- September 14, 1944) was a German boxer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Ernst Pistulla	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Simon Qamunga (born November 20, 1967) is a Tanzanian long-distance runner who represented his country in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Simon Qamunga	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Irene Schmidt is a retired Dutch table tennis player who competed at the 1972, 1976 and 1980 Summer Paralympics in the individual and team events.	Irene Schmidt	1980 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Ernst Sigfrid Lundberg (15 February 1895 -- 19 May 1979) was a Swedish cyclist who competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Sigfrid Lundberg	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Maurizia Cecconi (born 12 April 1975) is an Italian former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Maurizia Cecconi	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Olga Lemhényi-Tass (born 29 March 1929 in Pécs) is a Hungarian former gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Olga Lemhényi-Tass	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eleftheria Ftouli (born 4 July 1981) is a Greek former synchronized swimmer who competed in the women's duet at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Eleftheria Ftouli	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Madeleine Hogan (born 8 December 1988) is a Paralympian athlete from Australia competing mainly in category F42/F46 javelin throw events.She has won bronze medals at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics.	Madeleine Hogan	2008 Summer Paralympics	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Henrik Hajós (later Guttmann, July 21, 1886 -- December 30, 1963) was a Hungarian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics and in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Henrik Hajós	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Together with Alice, Franco Battiato represented Italy at the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 with the song ``I treni di Tozeur''.	Franco Battiato	Eurovision Song Contest 1984
participant of	Ryszard Staniek was a member of the Polish national team at the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Ryszard Staniek	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pedro Massana (born 19 December 1923) is a retired Spanish rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Pedro Massana	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shuichi Yoneshige (born 24 June 1961) is a Japanese former long-distance runner who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Shuichi Yoneshige	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Joseph De Combe (19 June 1901 -- 1965) was a Belgian swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics, 1928 Summer Olympics and 1936 Summer Olympics.	Joseph De Combe	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Li Guojie (born 15 October 1985 in Chengdu, Sichuan) is a Chinese épée fencer, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Li Guojie	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Elis Wiklund (12 December 1909 -- 15 March 1982) was a Swedish cross-country skier who won the 50 km race at the 1934 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships and 1936 Winter Olympics.	Elis Wiklund	1936 Winter Olympics
participant of	Graham Sykes (20 July 1937 -- 26 November 2008) was an English competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain in the 1956 Summer Olympics and 1960 Summer Olympics.	Graham Sykes	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	A. Wilcocks was a Cornish rugby union player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics at White City Stadium, London.	A. Wilcocks	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lance Brooks (born January 1, 1984) is an American national champion discus thrower who also competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Lance Brooks	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Carsten Keller (born on 8 September 1939) is a former field hockey player from West-Germany, who won a gold medal for his native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.	Carsten Keller	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aldair won a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics, and was part of the Brazilian team that won the 1997 FIFA Confederations Cup.	Aldair	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yoko Kagabu (Japanese: 利部 陽子; born October 28, 1960) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Yoko Kagabu	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alois Kratzer (born 27 May 1907, date of death unknown) was a German ski jumper who competed in the 1928 Winter Olympics at St. Moritz.	Alois Kratzer	1928 Winter Olympics
participant of	Roseanne Allen (7 March 1954 -- 20 June 2009) was a Canadian cross-country skier who competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics.	Roseanne Allen	1972 Winter Olympics
participant of	Taeko Oyama (大山妙子, born 18 June 1974) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Taeko Oyama	1996 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kuunkuiskaajat /kuːn.kuˈi skaːjat/ (``Moonwhisperers'') is a Finnish female folk duo made up of Värttinä members Susan Aho and Johanna Virtanen, that represented Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with the song ``Työlki ellää''.	Kuunkuiskaajat	Eurovision Song Contest 2010
participant of	Yevhen Zyukov (born 31 May 1978) is an Ukrainian sprinter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Yevhen Zyukov	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zhuang Xiaoyan (荘暁岩; born 4 May 1969) is a Chinese judo coach, former international judo champion, and winner of the gold medal for judo in the women's +72 kg (heavyweight) division at the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Zhuang Xiaoyan	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pascal Lefèvre (born January 25, 1965 in Saint-Quentin) is a retired javelin thrower from France, who competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea but did not reach the final.	Pascal Lefèvre	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Werner Peter (born 25 May 1950 in Sandersdorf) is a former football player from East Germany, who won the silver medal with the East German national team at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union.	Werner Peter	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Guilherme Oliveira also known as Gui (born 8 January 1985) is a Brazilian handball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Guilherme Oliveira	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Awa Guèye (born 31 August 1978 in Dakar) is a Senegalese former basketball player for the Senegal women's national basketball team who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Awa Guèye	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Olga Shatylo (born August 12, 1984) is a Ukrainian Paralympic volleyballist who won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in sitting volleyball competition.	Olga Shatylo	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Jacques Esclassan (born 3 September 1948) is a French former road bicycle racer who won the green jersey in the 1977 Tour de France.	Jacques Esclassan	Tour de France
participant of	Joann Lõssov (September 10, 1921 in Tallinn -- August 3, 2000 in Tallinn) was an Estonian basketball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Joann Lõssov	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Žarko Vekić (Serbian: Жарко Векић, born May 1, 1967) is a Serbian sprint canoer who competed as an Independent Olympic Participant at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.	Žarko Vekić	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Madonna Blyth (born 30 November 1985) is an Australian field hockey player who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Madonna Blyth	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Abolghasem Sakhdari (Persian: ابولقاسم سخدری‎‎, born in Neishabour, Iran) was a former Iranian wrestler who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics where he finished 5th.	Abolghasem Sakhdari	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dimitri Dragin (born 2 December 1984 in Le Havre, France) is a French judoka who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men's extra lightweight division.	Dimitri Dragin	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Konstantin Ushkov (Russian: Константин Ушков ; born August 2, 1977) is a retired butterfly swimmer from Russia, who won silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in freestyle relay.	Konstantin Ushkov	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	A substitute at the Euro 2000 tournament, Pauleta led the Portuguese attack at the 2002 FIFA World Cup, scoring a hat-trick against Poland and ending with that tally in as many games, as the nation was ousted in the group stage.	Pauleta	2002 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Alexandra Coletti (born in August 8, 1983 in La Colle, Monaco) is a Monégasque alpine skier who competed for Monaco in the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Alexandra Coletti	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Ramon Sandin, also known as Guy Sandin, (born 9 January 1970) is a native of Puerto Rico who competed in the diving competitions at the 1996 Summer Olympics held in the United States at Atlanta, Georgia, representing his native island.	Ramon Sandin	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Melcior Mauri Prat (born 8 April 1966 in Vic) is a Spanish retired cyclist who won the 1991 Vuelta a España.	Melcior Mauri	Vuelta a España
participant of	João Campos (born 22 September 1958 in Albufeira) is a Portuguese former middle-distance runner who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	João Campos	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	José Antonio Casilla Cortés (born August 29, 1979 in Reus, Tarragona) is a Spanish volleyball player who represented his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	José Antonio Casilla	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sohen Biln (June 17, 1939 -- March 27, 2012) was a Canadian rower who competed in the 1958 Commonwealth Games and 1960 Summer Olympics.	Sohen Biln	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ashley Higginson (born March 17, 1989) is an American middle distance runner who has made the U.S. team for the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in the 3000 meter steeplechase.	Ashley Higginson	2013 World Championships in Athletics
participant of	The following year in Lake Placid at the 1980 Winter Olympics, Sylvie Daigle finished 19th in the 500-metre.	Sylvie Daigle	1980 Winter Olympics
participant of	Viktor Markov (Russian: Виктор Марков) was a sailor from Russia, who represented his country at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Nynäshamn, Sweden in the 8 Metre.	Viktor Markov	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hans Cattini (b. January 24, 1914 in Grono, Switzerland - d. April 2, 1987 in Lausanne, Switzerland) was a Swiss ice hockey player who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics and 1948 Winter Olympics.	Hans Cattini	1936 Winter Olympics	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Ivanka Petrova-Stoycheva (Bulgarian: Иванка Петрова-Стойчева; born February 3, 1951 in Pernik) is a retired track and field shot putter from Bulgaria, best known for competing at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, USSR.	Ivanka Petrova	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Robin Megraw (born 9 August 1950) is a Canadian former soccer player who competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Robin Megraw	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	On 26 July 2012, Neymar scored his first goal of the 2012 Summer Olympics in Brazil's opening fixture against Egypt, which ended a 3--2 victory for Brazil.	Neymar	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gottlieb Hering (2 June 1887 -- 9 October 1945) was an SS-Hauptsturmführer (captain) who served in Action T4 and later as the second and last commandant of Bełżec extermination camp during Operation Reinhard.	Gottlieb Hering	Action T4
participant of	Mbarika Fall (born 9 December 1970 in Saint-Louis, Senegal) is a Senegalese former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Mbarika Fall	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Edith Dorothy Holman (18 July 1883 -- 1968) was a British tennis player who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Dorothy Holman	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marsha Cox (née Marescia; born 13 January 1983 in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal) is a field hockey player from South Africa, who was a member of the national squad that finished 9th at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.	Marsha Cox	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hermenegildo Alberti (born 27 February 1925) is an Argentine athlete who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics in the 400m hurdles and the 4 x 400m relay, in both events he finished 3rd in the first round and failed to advance.	Hermenegildo Alberti	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Harold Clarke (1888 -- March 11, 1969 in Christchurch, Canterbury, New Zealand) was a British diver who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics, in the 1920 Summer Olympics, and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Harold Clarke	1908 Summer Olympics	1920 Summer Olympics	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alena Chadimová (born 22 November 1931 in Olomouc) is a Czech former gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Alena Chadimová	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wolfgang Güldenpfennig (born 20 December 1951) is a retired East German rower who competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.	Wolfgang Güldenpfennig	1976 Summer Olympics
performer	Eating Us is the fourth album by Pennsylvania based band Black Moth Super Rainbow released on May 26, 2009 on the CD format.	Eating Us	Black Moth Super Rainbow
performer	``Wonderful Night'' is a song by English big beat musician Fatboy Slim, released as a single from his album Palookaville.	Wonderful Night	Fatboy Slim
performer	``(Always Be My) Sunshine'' is a hip hop song by American rapper Jay Z with guest vocals from fellow femcee Foxy Brown and R&B singer-songwriter Babyface who performs the song's chorus.	(Always Be My) Sunshine	Jay Z	Foxy Brown	Babyface
performer	``If God Will Send His Angels'' is the fifth single from U2's 1997 album, Pop, released on 8 December 1997.	If God Will Send His Angels	U2
performer	Supersymetriya (Ukrainian: Суперсиметрія) is a studio album by the Ukrainian alternative rock band Okean Elzy released in 2003.	Supersymetriya	Okean Elzy
place of birth	Ahu Türkpençe was born in Samsun on the Black Sea coast.	Ahu Türkpençe	Samsun
place of birth	Aksel Larsen was born as the fourth child of a clog maker in Brændekilde (now part of Odense Municipality) in 1897.	Aksel Larsen	Odense Municipality
place of birth	Davy Brouwers (born 3 February 1988 in Waterschei, Genk) is a Belgian professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for KSV Roeselare in the Belgian Second Division.	Davy Brouwers	Genk
place of birth	Jai West (ジェイ・ウエスト) is an actor, poet of French Canadian and Japanese descent born in Vancouver, British Columbia and currently based in Tokyo, Japan.	Jai West	Vancouver
place of birth	Terentiy Lutsevich (Russian: Терентий Луцевич; to January 2013 his name was Tsyenchen Vabha; Belarusian: Цьенчэн Вабга; Russian: Тьенчен Вобга; born 19 April 1991 in Douala, Cameroon) is a Belarusian professional football player from Cameroonian descent, currently playing for Granit Mikashevichi .	Terentiy Lutsevich	Douala
position held	H. Boyd Brown (born October 27, 1986) is a former Democratic member of the South Carolina House of Representatives from Fairfield County, South Carolina.	Boyd Brown	member of the South Carolina House of Representatives
position held	Vasilis Papageorgopoulos (Greek: Βασίλης Παπαγεωργόπουλος; born June 27, 1947) is a retired Greek sprinter, former mayor of Thessaloniki.	Vasilis Papageorgopoulos	mayor
position held	Eleazar Alexander Juárez Sarabia (born 11 March 1969 in Nacaome) is a Honduran doctor and politician, he currently serves as deputy of the National Congress of Honduras representing the Liberal Party of Honduras for Valle.	Eleazar Alexander Juárez	deputy of the National Congress of Honduras
position held	Scott W. Boyd is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 43rd District who was first elected in 2002.	Scott W. Boyd	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Louis Terhar (born September 28, 1949) is a Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 30th district since his appointment in 2011.	Louis Terhar	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Raimonds Vējonis (born June 15, 1966) is the current President of Latvia, in office since 2015.	Raimonds Vējonis	President of Latvia
position held	Alphonsus Mathias (born 22 June 1928 in Pangala, India) is a Roman Catholic archbishop.	Alphonsus Mathias	archbishop
position held	Otto Weinkamm (13 February 1902 -- 27 January 1968) was the mayor of Augsburg, Germany, in 1946.	Otto Weinkamm	mayor
position held	James George Janos (born July 15, 1951), better known by his stage name Jesse Ventura, is an American former professional wrestler, actor, political commentator, author, naval veteran, and politician who served as the 38th Governor of Minnesota from 1999 to 2003.	Jesse Ventura	Governor of Minnesota
position held	Giovanni Canestri (30 September 1918 -- 29 April 2015) was an Italian Catholic cardinal, who served as Archbishop of Cagliari from 1984 until 1987 and as Archbishop of Genoa from 1987 until 1995.	Giovanni Canestri	cardinal
position held	Nam Duck-woo (22 April 1924 -- 18 May 2013) was the Prime Minister of South Korea from 1980 to 1982.	Nam Duck-woo	Prime Minister of South Korea
position held	Philippe Fanoko Kossi Kpodzro (born 30 March 1930 in Tomégbé) is a Togolese Roman Catholic bishop.	Philippe Fanoko Kossi Kpodzro	bishop
position held	Erhard Krack (9 January 1931 -- 13 December 2000) was an East German politician and mayor of East Berlin from 1974 to 1990.	Erhard Krack	mayor
position held	François Duvalier (French pronunciation: ​(fʁɑ̃swa dyvalje); 14 April 1907 -- 21 April 1971), also known as Papa Doc, was the President of Haiti from 1957 to 1971.	François Duvalier	President of Haiti
position held	Gregory the Elder, or Gregory of Nazianzus the Elder, (c. 276 -- 374) was the bishop of the see of Nazianzus in Roman province of Cappadocia.	Gregory of Nazianzus the Elder	bishop
position held	Giovanni Galbaio was the eighth Doge of Venice (787--804) according to tradition, but only the sixth historically verifiable one.	Giovanni Galbaio	Doge of Venice
position held	John Warner Fitzgerald (November 14, 1924--July 7, 2006) was an American lawyer, member of the Michigan Senate, and justice (and later chief justice) of the Michigan Supreme Court.	John Warner Fitzgerald	member of the Michigan Senate
position held	Miguel Abia Biteo Boricó (1961 -- December 6, 2012) was a former Prime Minister of Equatorial Guinea having served from June 14, 2004, to August 14, 2006.	Miguel Abia Biteo Boricó	Prime Minister of Equatorial Guinea
position held	Silvio Berlusconi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈsilvjo berluˈskoːni); born 29 September 1936) is an Italian media tycoon and politician who served as Prime Minister of Italy in four governments.	Silvio Berlusconi	Prime Minister of Italy
position held	Mike Jaros was a Democratic Farmer Labor Party member of the Minnesota House of Representatives, representing District 7B from 1984 to 2009.	Mike Jaros	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
position held	Henri-Marie Dubreil de Pontbriand (c. January 1708 -- 8 June 1760), who became the sixth bishop of Roman Catholic diocese of Quebec, was from a titled family and grew up at the Pontbriand château, (dept. of Ille-et-Vilaine), France.	Henri-Marie Dubreil de Pontbriand	bishop
position held	Leo Fabian Fahey (July 21, 1898 -- March 31, 1950) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as coadjutor bishop of the Diocese of Baker City, Oregon from 1948 until his death in 1950.	Leo Fabian Fahey	bishop
position held	K. V. Thangkabalu (born 15 March 1950) is a former member of the Lok Sabha of India.	K. V. Thangkabalu	member of the Lok Sabha
position held	Sir Henry Halford Vaughan, or Halford Vaughan (27 August 1811 -- 19 April 1885) was an English historian, Regius Professor of History at Oxford University, 1848-1858.	Henry Halford Vaughan	Regius Professor of History
position held	G. Michael Brown is a former New Jersey gaming regulator who became a lawyer for the gaming industry, and was the chief executive officer of Foxwoods High Stakes Bingo & Casino.	G. Michael Brown	chief executive officer
position held	Kirk Profit is a former member of the Michigan House of Representatives who is now a lobbyist with the firm Governmental Consultant Services.	Kirk Profit	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
position held	Bernard Deshaies (born 11 December 1953, in Amos, Quebec) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 to 1997.	Bernard Deshaies	member of the House of Commons of Canada
position held	Alfred Gilpin Jones, PC (September 28, 1824 -- March 15, 1906) was a Canadian businessman, politician, and eighth Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia.	Alfred Gilpin Jones	Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia
position held	Ascensión Esquivel Ibarra (May 10, 1844 in Rivas, Nicaragua -- April 15, 1923) was a Nicaraguan-born President of Costa Rica from 1902 to 1906.	Ascensión Esquivel Ibarra	President of Costa Rica
position held	Laura Chinchilla Miranda (Spanish: (ˈlawɾa tʃinˈtʃiʎa miˈɾanda); born 28 March 1959) is a Costa Rican politician who was President of Costa Rica from 2010 to 2014.	Laura Chinchilla	President of Costa Rica
position held	Michael William Warfel (born September 16, 1948) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church serving as the seventh and current bishop of the Diocese of Great Falls-Billings, Montana.	Michael William Warfel	bishop
position held	Thomas of Corbridge (sometimes Thomas Corbridge; died 1304) was Archbishop of York between 1299 and 1304.	Thomas of Corbridge	Archbishop of York
position held	Sarekoppa Bangarappa (26 October 1933 -- 26 December 2011) was an Indian politician who was the 12th Chief Minister of Karnataka from 1990 to 1992.	Sarekoppa Bangarappa	Chief Minister of Karnataka
position held	Chun Doo-hwan (Korean pronunciation: (tɕʌnduhwan) born 18 January 1931) is a former South Korean army general who served as the leader of South Korea from 1979 to 1988, ruling as an unelected leader from December 1979 to September 1980, and the fifth President of South Korea from 1980 to 1988.	Chun Doo-hwan	President of South Korea
position held	George Davys (1780--1864) was an English cleric, tutor to Victoria of the United Kingdom, and later Bishop of Peterborough.	George Davys	Bishop of Peterborough
position held	Gretchen Driskell (born October 1, 1958) is a Democratic member of the Michigan House of Representatives representing the 52nd District.	Gretchen Driskell	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
position held	Gabriel Slaughter (December 12, 1767 -- September 19, 1830) was the seventh Governor of Kentucky and was the first person to ascend to that office upon the death of the sitting governor.	Gabriel Slaughter	Governor of Kentucky
position held	François-Louis de Pourroy de Lauberivière (June 16, 1711 -- August 20, 1740) was the fifth bishop of the diocese of Quebec (1739--1740).	François-Louis de Pourroy de Lauberivière	bishop
position held	Nasir-ud-Din Muhammad Shah, Nasir-ud-Din Muhammad Shah Irkhwaz, Abu Al-Fatah Nasir-ud-Din Roshan Akhtar Muhammad Shah (17 August 1702 -- 26 April 1748), (محمد شاه) was the Mughal emperor between 1719 and 1748.	Muhammad Shah	Mughal emperor
position held	Brian Doughty is a former member of the Utah House of Representatives, representing the 30th District in Salt Lake County.	Brian Doughty	member of the Utah House of Representatives
position held	Phelps Phelps (May 4, 1897 -- June 10, 1981), born Phelps von Rottenburg, was an American politician who held a number of offices in New York before becoming the 38th Governor of American Samoa and the United States Ambassador to the Dominican Republic.	Phelps Phelps	Governor of American Samoa
position held	Ignazio Corrao (born 14 January 1984) is an Italian politician for the Five Star Movement who since 2014 is a member of the European Parliament.	Ignazio Corrao	member of the European Parliament
position held	Max Marlin Fitzwater (born November 24, 1942) was White House Press Secretary for six years under presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush, making him one of the longest-serving press secretaries in history.	Marlin Fitzwater	White House Press Secretary
position held	David R. Kessler is a Democratic politician and former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 130th legislative district.	David R. Kessler	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	James E. Ross is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate, serving from 1973 to 1990.	James E. Ross	member of the Pennsylvania State Senate
position held	Giovanni dei Conti di Segni (died June 14, 1213) was an Italian cardinal and cardinal-nephew of Pope Innocent III, his cousin, who elevated him in 1200 with the deaconry of Santa Maria in Cosmedin.	Giovanni dei Conti di Segni	cardinal
position held	Stephen Decatur Miller (May 8, 1787 -- March 8, 1838) was an American politician, who served as the 52nd Governor of South Carolina from 1828 to 1830.	Stephen Decatur Miller	Governor of South Carolina
position held	Hans von Friebeis was a mayor of Vienna.	Hans von Friebeis	mayor
position held	Zhou Enlai (Chinese: 周恩来; Wade--Giles: Chou En-lai; 5 March 1898 -- 8 January 1976) was the first Premier of the People's Republic of China, serving from October 1949 until his death in January 1976.	Zhou Enlai	Premier of the People's Republic of China
position held	Yvon Lafrance (born August 4, 1944 in Iberville, Quebec), is a politician in Quebec, Canada, and was the Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Iberville.	Yvon Lafrance	Member of the National Assembly
position held	Robert C. White (born 1953) is a career police officer and the current chief of police of the Denver Police Department, Denver, Colorado.	Robert C. White	chief of police
position held	M. J. Cleary (September 23, 1877 - February 23, 1947) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and President of the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company.	M. J. Cleary	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	John Patrick Boles (January 21, 1930 -- October 9, 2014) was an American Roman Catholic titular bishop of Nova Sparsa and auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Boston, Massachusetts.	John Patrick Boles	bishop
position held	Antonio Sanseverino (died 1543) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal and bishop.	Antonio Sanseverino	cardinal and bishop
position held	Michael James Dempsey, OP (February 12, 1912 -- March 19, 1996) was an American-born bishop of the Catholic Church.	Michael James Dempsey	bishop
position held	Luis María Martínez y Rodríguez (June 9, 1881 -- February 9, 1956) was the Catholic archbishop of Mexico and a member of the Academia Mexicana de la Lengua (``Mexican Language Academy'').	Luis María Martínez	archbishop
position held	Luigi d'Este (21 December 1538 -- 30 December 1586) was an Italian Catholic cardinal, the second of the five children of Ercole II d'Este, Duke of Modena and Ferrara, and Renée, daughter of Louis XII of France.	Luigi d'Este	cardinal
position held	Jim Nance McCord (March 17, 1879 -- September 2, 1968) was an American journalist and politician who served as Governor of Tennessee from 1945 to 1949, and was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1943 to 1945.	Jim Nance McCord	Governor of Tennessee
position held	Clark Daniel Stearns (1870 -- May 25, 1944) was the ninth Naval Governor of American Samoa.	Clark Daniel Stearns	Governor of American Samoa
position held	Augustin Pacha (November 26, 1870--November 4, 1954) was a Romanian cleric, the first bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Timișoara.	Augustin Pacha	bishop
position held	Elipando (717 - 808?) named Elipandus in some sources was a Spanish archbishop of Toledo and theologian.	Elipando	archbishop
position held	Arrigo Miglio (born 18 July 1942) is an Italian Roman Catholic archbishop.	Arrigo Miglio	archbishop
position held	Robert Weston (c.1515 -- 20 May 1573) was an English civil lawyer, Dean of the Arches and Lord Chancellor of Ireland in the time of Queen Elizabeth.	Robert Weston	Lord Chancellor of Ireland
position held	Gian Marco Marcucci (born 1954) served as a Captain Regent of San Marino from April 1, 2000 to October 1, 2000.	Gian Marco Marcucci	Captain Regent of San Marino
position held	Shelby Moore Cullom (November 22, 1829 -- January 28, 1914) was a U.S. political figure, serving in various offices, including the United States House of Representatives, the United States Senate and the 17th Governor of Illinois.	Shelby Moore Cullom	Governor of Illinois
position held	Karl Joseph Wirth, known as Joseph Wirth, (6 September 1879 Freiburg im Breisgau -- 3 January 1956 Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German politician of the Catholic Centre Party who served as Chancellor of Germany from 1921 to 1922, for 585 days.	Joseph Wirth	Chancellor of Germany
position held	Michael Joseph Keyes, S.M. (February 28, 1876--August 7, 1959) was an Irish-born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the bishop of the Diocese of Savannah, Georgia from 1922 to 1935.	Michael Joseph Keyes	bishop
position held	Paul J. Girouard, M.S. (December 27, 1898 -- February 20, 1964) was an American-born missionary and bishop of the Catholic Church in Madagascar.	Paul J. Girouard	bishop
position held	Rose Francine Rogombé (née Etomba) (20 September 1942 -- 10 April 2015) was a Gabonese politician who was Acting President of Gabon from June 2009 to October 2009, following the death of long-time President Omar Bongo.	Rose Francine Rogombé	President of Gabon
position held	Erin Sullivan was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives, serving from 1998-2002.	Erin Sullivan	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Bregowine (or Bregwine or Bregwin; died August 764) was a medieval Archbishop of Canterbury.	Bregowine	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Karl Heinrich Knappstein (15 April 1906 Bochum - 6 May 1989 Bad Homburg) was a German journalist, diplomat, and German Ambassador to the United States, from 1962 to 1968.	Karl Heinrich Knappstein	German Ambassador to the United States
position held	Walter of Winterburn (13th century -- August 26, 1305) was an English Dominican, cardinal, orator, poet, philosopher, and theologian.	Walter of Winterburn	cardinal
position held	James Fisher Robinson (October 4, 1800 -- October 31, 1882) was the 22nd Governor of Kentucky, serving the remainder of the unfinished term of Governor Beriah Magoffin.	James Fisher Robinson	Governor of Kentucky
position held	Harold William Henry, S.S.C., 현 하롤드, (July 11, 1909 -- March 1, 1976) was an American-born Catholic missionary and bishop.	Harold William Henry	bishop
position held	Peter Joseph Mallon (December 5, 1929 -- February 3, 2007) was an archbishop in the Archdiocese of Regina from June 9, 1995 until his retirement on March 30, 2005.	Peter Joseph Mallon	archbishop
position held	Gordon Daniel Conant, KC (January 11, 1885 -- January 2, 1953) was a Canadian lawyer, politician, and the 12th Premier of Ontario.	Gordon Daniel Conant	Premier of Ontario
position held	Saint Euthymius the Great (377 -- 20 January 473) was an abbot in Palestine venerated in both Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Churches.	Euthymius the Great	abbot
position held	Pompeo Colonna (12 May 1479 -- 28 June 1532) was an Italian cardinal, politician and condottiero.	Pompeo Colonna	cardinal
position held	John le Romeyn (or John Romanus), died 1296, was a medieval Archbishop of York.	John le Romeyn	Archbishop of York
position held	Merkawre Sobekhotep (also known as Sobekhotep VII) was the thirty-seventh pharaoh of the 13th dynasty during the second intermediate period.	Merkawre Sobekhotep	pharaoh
position held	Gaius Aquillius Tuscus was consul of the Roman Republic from the gens Aquillia in 487 BC together with Titus Sicinius Sabinus.	Gaius Aquillius Tuscus	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	Charles T. Perry (January 10, 1812 - January 9, 1872) was an American politician who served as the seventh Mayor of Hoboken, New Jersey from 1864 to 1865.	Charles T. Perry	Mayor of Hoboken, New Jersey
position held	Ādolfs Bļodnieks (24 July 1889, Tukums - 21 March 1962, Brooklyn, NY) held the office of Prime Minister of Latvia from 24 March 1933 -- 16 March 1934, for the New Farmers' Party.	Ādolfs Bļodnieks	Prime Minister of Latvia
position played on team / speciality	Yago Felipe da Costa Rocha (born 13 February 1995), simply known as Yago, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Figueirense as a attacking midfielder.	Yago Felipe da Costa Rocha	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Aldo Donati (born September 29, 1910, date of death unknown) was an Italian football (soccer) midfielder.	Aldo Donati	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Chet Pickard (born November 29, 1989) is a Canadian-German professional ice hockey goaltender.	Chet Pickard	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Bison Dele (born Brian Carson Williams; April 6, 1969 -- presumed dead July 7, 2002) was an American professional basketball player who played center.	Bison Dele	center
position played on team / speciality	Lasha Totadze (Georgian: ლაშა თოთაძე; born 24 August 1988 in Akhaltsikhe) is a Georgian football player who plays for Georgian club Dinamo Tbilisi as a defender.	Lasha Totadze	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alexandre Cuvillier (born 17 June 1986 in Cucq) is a French football midfielder currently playing for French Ligue 2 club Brest.	Alexandre Cuvillier	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	On January 25, 2012, After protracted negotiations, Dolphins and Kwara United finally agreed on a fee for the transfer of central midfielder, Isiaka Olawale, to the league champions.	Isiaka Olawale	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nadir Çiftçi (born 12 February 1992) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a forward for Turkish club Eskişehirspor on loan from Scottish club Celtic.	Nadir Çiftçi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Elton Charles Figueiredo da Silva (born 12 February 1986), commonly known as Elton Figueiredo, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or left back.	Elton Figueiredo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wayne Corden (born Simon Wayne Corden on 1 November 1975) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder.	Wayne Corden	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrea Mandorlini (born 17 July 1960) is an Italian football manager and former defender.	Andrea Mandorlini	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bùi Quang Huy (born in Jan 5, 1983 in Tây Ninh, Tây Ninh) is a Vietnamese footballer, playing for club Vicem Hải Phòng as goalkeeper.	Bùi Quang Huy	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jovan Lučić (born May 26, 1987) is a football goalkeeper, holding both Canadian and Serbian citizenship, currently playing for FK Vršac .	Jovan Lučić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Joaquín Parra Fernández (born 17 June 1961) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and a coach.	Joaquín Parra	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Goran Popov (Macedonian: Горан Попов; born 2 October 1984) is a Macedonian footballer, who plays as a defender for Macedonian side Vardar and the Macedonia national team.	Goran Popov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adelaide Gay (born November 3, 1989) is an American soccer goalkeeper currently playing for Kvarnsvedens IK of Elitettan, although the team was promoted to Damallsvenskan at the end of the 2015 season.	Adelaide Gay	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Oggesen(born 18 March 1994) is a Danish footballer playing for SønderjyskE as a midfielder.	Andreas Oggesen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gabino Sosa (born 4 October 1899) was an Argentine football midfielder who played for Central Córdoba and the Argentina national team.	Gabino Sosa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luca Bucci (born 13 March 1969 in Bologna) is a retired Italian football goalkeeper.	Luca Bucci	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Carlos André Filipe Martins (born 15 April 1982 in Setúbal), known as Carlos André, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Clube Desportivo Cova da Piedade as a left winger.	Carlos André Filipe Martins	winger
position played on team / speciality	Liam Walker (born 13 April 1988) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Lincoln Red Imps and the Gibraltar national team as a midfielder.	Liam Walker	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Svein Enersen (born 12 January 1968) is a Norwegian newspaper editor and retired football defender.	Svein Enersen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adem Kapič (born 16 April 1975) is a retired football midfielder.	Adem Kapič	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Faisal Al-Merqeb (Arabic: فيصل المرقب‎) (born 1981) is a Saudi Arabian football (soccer) player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Al-Wehda.	Faisal Al-Merqeb	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Massimo Crippa (born May 17, 1965; Seregno, Italy), is a former Italian international footballer, who played as a midfielder; he is the current sports manager of Renate.	Massimo Crippa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paul Robson (born 4 August 1983 in Kingston upon Hull) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for North Ferriby United.	Paul Robson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andriy Nesterov (Ukrainian: Андрій В'ячеславович Нестеров; born 2 July 1990 in Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football defender.	Andriy Nesterov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Keniston C (born 30 May 1989) is an Indian footballer who plays as a midfielder for ONGC in the I-League.	Keniston C	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Felix Obada (born November 3, 1989 in Warri, Nigeria) is a Nigerian football (soccer) midfielder who currently plays for Moroka Swallows in the South African Premier Soccer League.	Felix Obada	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rino Marchesi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈriːno marˈkeːzi); born 11 June 1937) is a former Italian football midfielder and manager from San Giuliano Milanese.	Rino Marchesi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Brent Lepistu (born 26 March 1993) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Estonian Meistriliiga club Flora and the Estonia national football team.	Brent Lepistu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jeff DiMaria is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in Major League Soccer and the second Major Indoor Soccer League.	Jeff DiMaria	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hikmet Balioğlu (born 4 August 1990) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a centre-back for Şanlıurfaspor.	Hikmet Balioğlu	centre-back
position played on team / speciality	Wayne Arendse (born 25 November 1984 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African football (soccer) defender for Premier Soccer League club Mamelodi Sundowns.	Wayne Arendse	defender
position played on team / speciality	Morris Molinari (born 4 April 1975) is an Italian football defender, currently plays in Seconda Divisione for the football team Salernitana.	Morris Molinari	defender
position played on team / speciality	Radojica Vasić (Serbian Cyrillic: Радојица Васић; born 25 January 1976) is a Serbian former footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Radojica Vasić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David Harney (born 2 March 1947 in Jarrow, County Durham) is an English former professional football forward who played in the Football League for Grimsby Town, Scunthorpe United and Brentford.	David Harney	forward
position played on team / speciality	Juan Antonio Ocampo Silva (born June 11, 1989 in Tepic, Nayarit) is a Mexican football player who currently plays as a defender.	Juan Antonio Ocampo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Terry Woodberry, also spelled as Terry Woodbury, (born May 2, 1963) is a former English-American football (soccer) midfielder who spent his entire career playing indoor soccer in the United States.	Terry Woodberry	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mahdi Kamel Sheltagh (Arabic: مهدي كامل شلتاغ‎ , born January 6, 1995 in Iraq) is an Iraqi midfielder who currently plays for Al-Shorta and the Iraq national football team.	Mahdi Kamel	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antonio José López Martínez (born 5 September 1989) is a Spanish footballer who plays for La Hoya Lorca CF. Mainly a central defender, he can also play as a right back.	Antonio José López Martínez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jurģis Pučinskis (born 3 January 1973 in Daugavpils) is a former Latvian soccer player in midfielder role, currently manager of the Latvian Higher League club FK Ventspils.	Jurģis Pučinskis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pentti Koskela (born 27 November 1945) is a Finnish former ice hockey goaltender and Olympian.	Pentti Koskela	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Loïc Amisse (born 9 August 1954 in Nantes, France) is a French football (soccer) manager and former winger.	Loïc Amisse	winger
position played on team / speciality	Markus Knackmuß (born 7 June 1974 in Radolfzell, Baden-Württemberg) is a German football midfielder who last played for FC 08 Villingen.	Markus Knackmuß	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Herbert Birchenough (21 September 1874 -- 28 February 1942) was an English football goalkeeper.	Herbert Birchenough	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Rodrigo de Oliveira (born 14 September 1985) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Belgian Second Division team Cercle Brugge.	Daniel Rodrigo de Oliveira	forward
position played on team / speciality	Emir Janjoš (born 28 March 1986 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian football midfielder who plays for NK Biser Janjoš started his career with FK Sarajevo.	Emir Janjoš	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Albert Dunlop (21 April 1932 in Liverpool, England - 6 March 1990) was an English football goalkeeper.	Albert Dunlop	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dor Micha (or Dor Miha, Hebrew: דור מיכה‎; born March 2, 1992), is an Israeli footballer who plays as a midfielder for Israeli football club Maccabi Tel Aviv.	Dor Micha	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Brian Sawyer (born 28 January 1938) is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre forward.	Brian Sawyer	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ederson Fofonka (born 12 March 1974 in Porto Alegre, Brazil) is a retired football forward.	Ederson Fofonka	forward
position played on team / speciality	Derek Spalding (born 20 December 1954 in Dundee, Scotland) is a former soccer player, who played as a defender.	Derek Spalding	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Alberto Toril Rodríguez (born 7 July 1973) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a central midfielder, and a current coach.	Alberto Toril	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tom Keetley (16 November 1898 -- 18 August 1958) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward.	Tom Keetley	forward
position played on team / speciality	Stevan Stošić (Serbian Cyrillic: Cтeвaн Cтoшић; born 9 August 1984) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a midfielder.	Stevan Stošić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zurab Khizanishvili (Georgian: ზურაბ ხიზანიშვილი; born 6 October 1981) is a Georgian footballer who plays for Inter Baku PIK in the Azerbaijan Premier League as a defender.	Zurab Khizanishvili	defender
position played on team / speciality	Karen Madoyan (Bulgarian: Карен Мадоян; born 1995 in Varna) is a Bulgarian footballer of Armenian origin who plays as a midfielder for Chernomorets Balchik.	Karen Madoyan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Peter Rodon (died 2000) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a centre forward.	Peter Rodon	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kévin Soni (born 17 April 1998) is a Cameroonian footballer who currently plays for Ligue 1 side Girondins de Bordeaux as an attacking midfielder.	Kévin Soni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tiassé Koné (born 11 October 1981 in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire) is an ivorian international football goalkeeper currently playing for Issia Wazi.	Tiassé Koné	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Fabio Quagliarella (Italian pronunciation: (ˈfaːbjo kwaʎʎaˈrɛlla)) (born 31 January 1983) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Sampdoria on loan from Torino.	Fabio Quagliarella	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ljuban Crepulja (born 3 September 1993 in Čapljina, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Croatian football midfielder, currently playing for Slaven Belupo in the Prva HNL.	Ljuban Crepulja	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Majid Gholamnejad (Persian: مجید غلام نژاد ‎‎, born June 18, 1983) is an Iranian football midfielder who is currently a Free Agent.	Majid Gholamnejad	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kelly Dyer (born March 1, 1966 in Princeton, New Jersey and raised in Acton, Massachusetts) is a member of the Northeastern University athletics Hall of Fame, and a former ice hockey goaltender for the United States women's national ice hockey team.	Kelly Dyer	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Edivândio Sequeira dos Reis (born 1 January 1991 in Mindelo, São Vicente, Cape Verde), commonly known as Edivândio is a Cape Verdean footballer who plays for FC Zimbru Chișinău as a forward.	Edivândio	forward
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Jennings (born 24 September 1979, Hertfordshire, England), commonly known as Pat Jennings, Jr., is a footballer currently a goalkeeping coach/goalkeeper with League of Ireland club St Patrick's Athletic.	Pat Jennings, Jr.	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Branko Milosevic (born 21 August 1964) is a midfielder who made several appearances for the Socceroos.	Branko Milosevic	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yoncho Arsov (1929 -- 9 November 2011) was a Bulgarian football player and manager who played as a midfielder.	Yoncho Arsov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giulliano Gonçalves Guedes or simply Giulliano (born May 19, 1987 in Venda Nova-MG), is a Brazilian goalkeeper playing for CRAC.	Giulliano Gonçalves Guedes	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Maciej Rybus (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmat͡ɕɛj ˈrɨbus); born 19 August 1989 in Łowicz) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Terek Grozny, typically on the left wing.	Maciej Rybus	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Harry Littlehales (26 August 1901 -- 1989) was an English footballer who played as an inside forward for Reading, Tranmere Rovers and Wrexham.	Harry Littlehales	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Kyrylo Fesenko (Ukrainian: Кирило Фесенко; born December 24, 1986) is a Ukrainian professional basketball player who plays for Pallacanestro Cantù of the Italian Serie A. Standing at 2.16 m (7 ft 1 in), he plays the center position.	Kyrylo Fesenko	center
position played on team / speciality	Heleen Jaques (born 20 April 1988) is a Belgian football defender currently playing for Club Brugge of the BeNe League.	Heleen Jaques	defender
position played on team / speciality	Shahram Mehraban (Persian: شهرام مهربان‎; born 16 November 1979) is an Iranian association football goalkeeper.	Shahram Mehraban	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marcelo Messias (born November 9, 1981 in Paranaguá) is a Brazilian-Salvadoran football defender, who currently plays for Alianza.	Marcelo Messias	defender
position played on team / speciality	Joe Cohen (born June 6, 1984) is an American former player of American and Canadian football who was a defensive tackle.	Joe Cohen	defensive tackle
position played on team / speciality	Erika Prado is an American football midfielder of Mexican descent, And had played for Energiya Voronezh in the Russian Championship.	Erika Prado	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Drissa Traoré (born 25 March 1992) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays for English club Swindon Town, as a midfielder.	Drissa Traoré	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcos Júnior Lima dos Santos (Gama, 19 January 1993) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Fluminense.	Marcos Júnior	forward
position played on team / speciality	Anderson Hernanes de Carvalho Viana Lima (born 29 May 1985), known as Hernanes (Brazilian Portuguese: (eʁˈnɐ̃niʃ)), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Serie A club Juventus as a central midfielder.	Hernanes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Endre Bajúsz (Serbian: Ендре Бајус, Endre Bajus) (born 21 October 1976) is a Serbian-born Hungarian football defender playing with AFK Ada.	Endre Bajúsz	defender
position played on team / speciality	Martin Åslund (born November 10, 1976) is a Swedish retired professional football player (midfielder), currently working as a sports analyst for the TV4 Group.	Martin Åslund	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Canales Madrazo (Spanish pronunciation: ('serxjo ka'nalez ma'ðɾaθo); born 16 February 1991) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Sociedad as an attacking midfielder.	Sergio Canales	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hermes Neves Soares, nicknamed Hermes (born September 19, 1974 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer (midfielder).	Hermes Neves Soares	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Guo Mingyue (Simplified Chinese: 郭明月) (born 7 March 1986 in Dalian) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a defender.	Guo Mingyue	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sean Murdoch (born 31 July 1986) is a Scottish professional football goalkeeper who is currently playing in his second spell for Dunfermline Athletic.	Sean Murdoch	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marc Fernández Usón (born July 23, 1987 in El Masnou, Catalonia) is a Spanish basketball player, playing the small forward position.	Marc Fernández	small forward
position played on team / speciality	Tyler Hotson (born 30 May 1985, in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian rugby union player who plays at lock.	Tyler Hotson	lock
position played on team / speciality	Alireza Mohammad (Persian: علیرضا محمد‎‎, born 14 July 1981 in mazandaran, Iran) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Paykan in the Iran Pro League.	Alireza Mohammad	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marco Meilinger (born 8 August 1991 in Salzburg) is an Austrian football midfielder currently playing for Austria Wien.	Marco Meilinger	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bertrand Kaï (born 6 June 1983) is a New Caledonian international footballer who plays as a forward for Hienghène Sport and the New Caledonia national team.	Bertrand Kaï	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kamu Laird (born 23 December 1975, Port of Spain) is a Trinidadian footballer who briefly played in the Football League for Chester City as a forward.	Kamu Laird	forward
position played on team / speciality	Darran Rowbotham (born 22 October 1966) is a Welsh footballer who played as a forward, making more than 450 appearances in the Football League.	Darran Rowbotham	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Armel Kana-Biyik (born 3 July 1989) is a French-Cameroonian footballer who plays as a defender for Toulouse and the Cameroon national team.	Jean-Armel Kana-Biyik	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rodrigo Silva dos Santos or simply Rodrigo (born April 13, 1981, in Imperatriz), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder.	Rodrigo Silva dos Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Okram Roshini Devi (born 8 February 1994 in Manipur) is an Indian women footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for India women's national football team.	Okram Roshini Devi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lotima Taufoou is a Tongan footballer who plays as a defender for the Tonga national football team.	Lotima Taufoou	defender
position played on team / speciality	Freddie Garcia (born July 7, 1952 in Guanajuato, Mexico) is a retired Mexican-American soccer forward who spent seven seasons in the North American Soccer League and two in the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Freddie Garcia	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nour El-Dali (Arabic: نور الدالي‎ October 24, 1928 -- April 16, 2004) was an Egyptian footballer who played for Zamalek and Egypt as a defender, represented his country and was part of the team that won the 1957 Africa Cup of Nations.	Nour El-Dali	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ricardo Kishna (born 4 January 1995 in The Hague) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a forward for Serie A side Lazio and for the Netherlands U21.	Ricardo Kishna	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nora Holstad Berge (born 26 March 1987) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a defender for Bundesliga club FC Bayern Munich and the Norway national team.	Nora Holstad Berge	defender
position played on team / speciality	Peter Cherrie (born 1 October 1983) is a Scottish football goalkeeper who plays for Irish side Bray Wanderers.	Peter Cherrie	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Álvarez Giráldez (born 10 April 1955) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender, and a current coach.	Antonio Álvarez Giráldez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hassan Daher (Arabic: حسن ضاهر‎; born March 4, 1983) is a Lebanese association football defender.	Hassan Daher	defender
position played on team / speciality	Giorgos Iosifidis (Greek: Γιώργος Ιωσηφίδης; born January 8, 1969) is a former international Cypriot football midfielder and current football manager of Enosis Neon Parekklisia in the Cypriot Second Division.	Giorgos Iosifidis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gary Grant (born April 21, 1965) is a retired American professional basketball player at the point guard position in the NBA.	Gary Grant	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Mariano Julio Izco (born March 13, 1983, in Capital Federal, Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine football midfielder who currently plays for Chievo Verona in Serie A. He also holds an Italian passport.	Mariano Julio Izco	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hristiyan Kozhuharov (Bulgarian: Християн Кожухаров; born 12 February 1991) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for Kaliakra Kavarna as a midfielder.	Hristiyan Kozhuharov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Adrian Scarlatache (born 5 December 1986) is a Romanian football (soccer) defender who is currently playing for Astra Giurgiu.	Adrian Scarlatache	defender
position played on team / speciality	Joël Bats (born 4 January 1957 in Mont-de-Marsan, Landes) is a retired goalkeeper and French international footballer.	Joël Bats	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ádám Vass (born 9 September 1988 in Kápolnásnyék, Hungary) is a Hungarian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for MTK Budapest.	Ádám Vass	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stefanos Kotsolis (Greek: Στέφανος Κοτσόλης; born 5 June 1979) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Panathinaikos in the Greek Superleague.	Stefanos Kotsolis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rivers Guthrie is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the USL A-League and Major League Soccer.	Rivers Guthrie	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dave Gillett is a retired Scottish football (soccer) defender who spent most of his career in the North American Soccer League.	Dave Gillett	defender
position played on team / speciality	John Price Davies (1862 -- 31 March 1955) was a Welsh footballer who played as either a forward or half back for various clubs, including Druids and Berwyn Rangers in the 1870s and 1880s.	John Price Davies	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ai Zhibo (Chinese: 艾志波; pinyin: Ài Zhìbō) (born 29 October 1982) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a defender for Wuhan Zall in the China League One.	Ai Zhibo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ka Koi Lam (born 6 January 1972) in Macau is a football (soccer) player who plays as a defender.	Ka Koi Lam	defender
position played on team / speciality	Clive Delaney (born 2 January 1980 in Dublin) is an Irish footballer who currently plays in Sydney, Australia as a defender for amateur side Dunbar Rovers FC.	Clive Delaney	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tommy Ord (born October 15, 1952 in London) is a retired English professional football forward.	Tommy Ord	forward
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Cazorla Medina (born December 7, 1977 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria) is a retired Spanish basketball player, playing the small forward position.	Carlos Cazorla	small forward
position played on team / speciality	Rudolf Raftl (born 7 February 1911 in Vienna; died 5 September 1994) was an Austrian football goalkeeper.	Rudolf Raftl	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Michalis Prodromou (Greek: Μιχάλης Προδρόμου; 21 January 1987 in Larnaca) is a defender player who is currently playing for AEK Larnaca.	Michalis Prodromou	defender
position played on team / speciality	Art Dorrington (born March 13, 1930 in Truro, Nova Scotia) was a black professional ice hockey centre.	Art Dorrington	centre
position played on team / speciality	Luke Weaver (born 26 June 1979 in Woolwich, South East London) is a former professional goalkeeper who last played for Northampton Town.	Luke Weaver	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Korcan Çelikay (born 31 December 1987) is a Turkish professional football goalkeeper who currently play for Sivasspor.	Korcan Çelikay	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Fabrício Lopes Alcântara (born May 18, 1984 in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil), simply known as Fabrício Alcântara, is a Brazilian football defender.	Fabrício Lopes Alcântara	defender
position played on team / speciality	Felipe Patavino Saad, simply known as Felipe Saad (born September 11, 1983 in Santos, São Paulo) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for French side RC Strasbourg as a defender.	Felipe Saad	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sunday Rotimi (born March 9, 1980) is a Nigerian football goalkeeper.	Sunday Rotimi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	António Eleutério dos Santos (born 10 February 1928) simply Eleutério, is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a midfielder.	António Eleutério dos Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Martín Seri (born 9 December 1983 in Chabás, Santa Fe) is an Argentine football midfielder, who played for many football teams in Argentina.He is characterized for his ability to play different positions.	Martín Seri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pierluigi Pizzaballa (born in Bergamo, 14 September 1939) is a retired Italian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Pierluigi Pizzaballa	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Román Alarcón Suárez (born 21 April 1992), commonly known as Isco (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈisko)), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Madrid as an attacking midfielder.	Isco	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Igor Jauregi Iraola (born 29 April 1974) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a central defender -- he could also operate as a defensive midfielder.	Igor Jauregi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Paul Baysse (born 18 May 1988) is a French professional footballer who plays for Nice, on loan from Saint-Étienne, as a defender.	Paul Baysse	defender
position played on team / speciality	Christian Soucy (born September 14, 1970 in Gatineau, Quebec) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender.	Christian Soucy	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Lefter Millo (2 August 1966, Derviçan, Albania, -- 8 March 1997, Giannouli, Greece) was a former Albanian football midfielder.	Lefter Millo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Derek Payne is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder, making over 200 career appearances.	Derek Payne	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcus Vinícius Cesário (born 22 March 1986 in Ribeirão Preto, São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a central defender for İstanbul B.B..	Marcus Vinícius Cesário	defender
position played on team / speciality	Atilla Özmen (born 11 May 1988) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for İnegölspor.	Atilla Özmen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Rohrbach (born 4 April 1949) is a retired footballer who played as a midfielder during the 1970s and 1980s.	Thomas Rohrbach	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Harutyun Vardanyan (Armenian: Հարություն Վարդանյան, born on 5 December 1970 in Gyumri, Armenian SSR) is a former Armenian football player who played defender for the Armenian national team and for Armenian, Swiss and German clubs.	Harutyun Vardanyan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anthony Molina (born 3 August 1990) is a Peruvian footballer who currently plays in the Torneo Descentralizado for Universidad San Martín, as a centre back.	Anthony Molina	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Ricardo Daniel Bertoni (born 14 March 1955 in Bahía Blanca) is a former Argentine footballer who played in a right winger role.	Daniel Bertoni	winger
position played on team / speciality	Stuart Beedie (born 16 August 1960 in Aberdeen) is a Scottish former football player, who played as a midfielder for a number of Scottish clubs, including St Johnstone, Dundee United, Hibernian, Dunfermline and Dundee.	Stuart Beedie	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vetle Andersen (born 20 April 1964 in Kristiansand) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a defender.	Vetle Andersen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Randy Kevin Dzierzawski, Jr. (born June 28, 1991) is an American professional soccer player who plays in Scotland for Peterhead, as a midfielder.	Kevin Dzierzawski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Harry Peacock (14 February 1909--16 March 1996) was a Welsh international rugby union flanker who played rugby union for Newport.	Harry Peacock	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Daniele Fruci (born 6 June 1988 in Rome) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Pergocrema.	Daniele Fruci	defender
position played on team / speciality	Arthur Wigglesworth (26 October 1891−15 June 1974) was an English footballer who played as a defender.	Arthur Wigglesworth	defender
position played on team / speciality	Giorgos Dedes (Greek: Γιώργος Δέδες; born 15 December 1942) is a former Greek footballer of Asia Minor descent who played as a forward.	Giorgos Dedes	forward
position played on team / speciality	Milan Gajic (born June 1, 1981 in Burnaby, British Columbia), is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently an unrestricted free agent.	Milan Gajic	centre
position played on team / speciality	Sidnei Sciola Moraes (born February 2, 1986 in Santana de Parnaíba, São Paulo) is a footballer who plays as a forward/winger for the A-League club Perth Glory.	Sidnei Sciola	forward
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Pereira Berto Júnior or simply Carlinhos Paraíba (born 4 March 1983 in Rio Tinto, Paraíba), is a Brazilian midfielder who plays for Tokushima Vortis.	Carlinhos Paraíba	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	To a generation of Tranmere Rovers fans, Ian Muir is remembered as a legendary player, who played the starring role in the greatest period of the club's history and also the finest centre forward not to have played in the top tier of English football.	Ian Muir	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mamadou Ba (born 8 May 1985 in Senegal) is a Senegalese professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for Portuguese club Boavista.	Mamadou Ba	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alexandru Chiriță (born 24 June 1996 in Ploiești) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Liga I club Petrolul Ploiești.	Alexandru Chiriță	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bo Kristoffer Nordfeldt (born 23 June 1989) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Welsh club Swansea City.	Kristoffer Nordfeldt	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Geraldo Francisco dos Santos (born 11 June 1962) is a Brazilian former professional footballer nicknamed Zizinho who played as a midfielder.	Geraldo Francisco dos Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mourad Meghni (Arabic: مراد مغني‎) (born 16 April 1984) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder who currently plays for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club CS Constantine.	Mourad Meghni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Anton Mukhovykov (Ukrainian: Антон Володимирович Муховиков; born 20 June 1984 in Dnipropetrovsk, in the Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who now plays for FC Sumy in the Ukrainian First League.	Anton Mukhovykov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wanderson Cristaldo Farias, simply known as Wanderson (born 2 January 1988 in Cruzeiro do Oeste), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Ludogorets Razgrad in the Bulgarian A Football Group.	Wanderson Cristaldo Farias	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Colin Barrett (born 3 August 1952) is an English-born footballer who played as a defender in the Football League during the 1970s and 1980s.	Colin Barrett	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kay Whitmore, Jr. (born April 10, 1967 in Sudbury, Ontario) is a former Canadian ice hockey goaltender.	Kay Whitmore	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Diederrick Joel Tagueu Tadjo (born 6 December 1993), simply known as Joel, is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a forward for Brazilian club Santos, on loan from Cruzeiro.	Diederrick Joel	forward
position played on team / speciality	Eric Binns (13 August 1924 -- 20 September 2007) was an English professional association football player who played as a defender.	Eric Binns	defender
position played on team / speciality	João Paulo Santos de Oliveira Gomes, commonly known simply as João Paulo (born 25 May 1989) is a Brazilian football defender currently playing for Bonsucesso in Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.	João Paulo Santos de Oliveira Gomes	defender
position played on team / speciality	Cihan Can (born on August 1, 1986) is a Turkish football defender who currently plays for Giresunspor.	Cihan Can	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sabine Englert (born 27 November 1981) is a German team handball goalkeeper from Aschaffenburg, Bavaria.	Sabine Englert	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Elisa Camporese is an Italian football midfielder, currently playing for UPC Tavagnacco in Serie A. She has won four leagues with Foroni Verona, CF Bardolino and Torres CF. She is a member of the Italian national team, and played the 2005 European Championship.	Elisa Camporese	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oleksandr Yevtushok (Ukrainian: Олекса́ндр Васи́льович Євтушо́к, born 11 January 1970 in Dzhankoy, Ukrainian SSR), sometimes called Alex Evtushok in the British media, is a former Ukrainian footballer who played as a central defender.	Oleksandr Yevtushok	defender
position played on team / speciality	Paulo Jorge Ruão da Silva Pinto Malheiro (born 8 July 1985 in Paredes) commonly known as Ginho, is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a defender.	Ginho	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zbigniew Kruszyński (born 14 October 1960 in Tczew), commonly known as Detsi Kruszyński or Detzi Kruszyński, is a retired Polish-German football midfielder, who was also adept in defence and attack.	Zbigniew Kruszyński	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gordon Burnett (born February 4, 1981) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and current assistant coach.	Gordon Burnett	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Silvije Čavlina (born 22 April 1977 in Zagreb) is a Croatian former football goalkeeper who is currently the goalkeeping coach of PAOK FC.	Silvije Čavlina	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Luís Henrique Pereira dos Santos (born 20 August 1968 in Jequitaí) more commonly known simply as Luís Henrique is a Brazilian soccer player who played as a midfielder.	Luís Henrique Pereira dos Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rosana dos Santos Augusto (born on 7 July 1982), commonly known as Rosana, is a Brazilian football left back or left winger who plays for Paris Saint-Germain.	Rosana dos Santos Augusto	winger
position played on team / speciality	Damián Frascarelli (born 2 June 1985 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan goalkeeper who currently plays for Peñarol.	Damián Frascarelli	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Da Silva, full name Cleonésio Carlos da Silva (born April 12, 1976) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward.	Cleonésio Carlos da Silva	forward
position played on team / speciality	Peter Nyström (born 27 August 1984) is a Swedish footballer, who plays professionally as a midfielder for Varbergs BoIS.	Peter Nyström	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alan McCormack (born 10 January 1984, in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or right back for Brentford.	Alan McCormack	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Milojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Милојевић; born 16 April 1981) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Nikola Milojević	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Diogo da Silva Farias also known as Diogo Acosta (born 13 June 1990) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for São Bernardo.	Diogo da Silva Farias	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nicolaj Madsen (born 16 July 1988) is a Danish professional footballer who plays for Danish Superliga side SønderjyskE as a midfielder.	Nicolaj Madsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Constantin Barbu (born 16 May 1971) is a Romanian retired footballer who played mainly as an attacking midfielder.	Constantin Barbu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alberto Rafael da Silva, or simply Rafael (born March 24, 1984 in Araraquara), is a Brazilian goalkeeper.	Alberto Rafael da Silva	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Erico Constantino Da Silva (born 20 July 1989), commonly known as Erico, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for Romanian club Pandurii Târgu Jiu.	Erico Constantino Da Silva	defender
position played on team / speciality	Germain Sanou (born 26 May 1992) is a Burkinabé international footballer who played for French team Saint-Étienne B, as a goalkeeper.	Germain Sanou	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marko Pridigar (born 18 May 1985 in Maribor) is a Slovenian footballer goalkeeper.	Marko Pridigar	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sašo Fornezzi (born 11 December 1982 in Slovenia) is a Slovenian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Antalyaspor in Turkey's Spor Toto Super Lig.	Sašo Fornezzi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Denys Stoyan (born 24 August 1981 in Hrebinky, Ukraine, Soviet Union) is a retired Ukrainian football defender who last played for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Poltava.	Denys Stoyan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Josh Meekings (born 2 September 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Inverness Caledonian Thistle.	Josh Meekings	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andrea Cano (born 18 April 1976) is an Italian football manager and former player, currently in charge as goalkeeper coach of youth of Abano.	Andrea Cano	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sotiris Balafas (Greek: Σωτήρης Μπαλάφας; born 19 August 1986 in Arta) is a Greek footballer who plays for Veria in Greek Super League, as a defensive midfielder.	Sotiris Balafas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michaël Van Geele (born 1 August 1986 in Brussels) is a Belgian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Belgian side KSV Bornem.	Michaël Van Geele	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hans-Joachim Pochstein (30 October 1952 -- 5 June 1991) was a German football forward.	Hans-Joachim Pochstein	forward
position played on team / speciality	Greg Veatch is an American soccer forward who has spent most of his career in indoor leagues.	Greg Veatch	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jak McCourt (born 6 July 1995) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for League One club Barnsley.	Jak McCourt	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	René Dereuddre (22 June 1930, Bully-les-Mines, Pas-de-Calais -- 16 April 2008) was a French footballer who played midfielder.	René Dereuddre	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sebastian Dudek (born January 19, 1980 in Żary, Poland) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Zawisza Bydgoszcz as a midfielder.	Sebastian Dudek	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ivaylo Gerdzhikov (Bulgarian: Ивайло Герджиков) (born 12 June 1991 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing for Lokomotiv Plovdiv as a midfielder.	Ivaylo Gerdzhikov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Abdou Karim Camara (born 27 October 1992) is an Senegalese footballer who most recently played as a midfielder for AS Cherbourg in France.	Abdou Karim Camara	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Renato Kotnik (born 1 March 1970) is a former Slovene football player, who played as a midfielder.	Renato Kotnik	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Luis Chacón (born 6 November 1971 in Callao) is a Peruvian football defender, who obtained three caps during his career for the Peru national football team.	José Luis Chacón	defender
position played on team / speciality	Markus Dworrak (born 23 January 1978) is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder or forward.	Markus Dworrak	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Reynaldo Anderson Jaen (born 12 April 1986), name also spelled as Reinaldo Anderson, is a football defender who currently plays for Liga Panameña de Fútbol side Independiente La Chorrera.	Reynaldo Anderson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Indrit Hithi (born 5 February 1990) is an Albanian association footballer who plays for Albanian First Division side Luftëtari Gjirokastër, as a defender.	Indrit Hithi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mpumi Nyandeni is a South African women's footballer and plays as a midfielder.	Mpumi Nyandeni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ron Atanasio is an American former professional soccer player who played as a forward.	Ron Atanasio	forward
position played on team / speciality	Yao Mawuko Sènaya (born 18 October 1979 in Lomé) is a Togolese football midfielder, who plays for Saint-Louis Neuweg in the French football .	Yao Mawuko Sènaya	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bruna Amarante da Silva (born 12 May 1984 in Petrópolis, Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazililian-born naturalized Equatoguinean football defender currently playing for Vasco da Gama.	Bruna Amarante da Silva	defender
position played on team / speciality	Daine Klate (born 25 February 1985 in Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape) is a South African football (soccer) midfielder for Supersport United and South Africa.	Daine Klate	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Valdimir Ferraz Matias Nunes (born 6 October 1989), commonly known as Valdinho, is an Angolan professional footballer who plays as a winger for Recreativo do Libolo.	Valdinho	winger
position played on team / speciality	Jeremy Welsh (born April 30, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who currently plays for the Chicago Wolves of the American Hockey League (AHL) whilst under contract to the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Jeremy Welsh	centre
position played on team / speciality	Maksym Shtayer (Ukrainian: Максим Андрійович Штаєр; born 28 November 1978, Soviet Union) is a retired professional Ukrainian football and beach football forward.	Maksym Shtayer	forward
position played on team / speciality	Arne Slot (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɑrnə ˈslɔt); born 17 September 1978) is a former Dutch professional footballer midfielder.	Arne Slot	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lara Barbieri (born 2 February 1986 in Sassuolo) is an Italian football midfielder, currently playing for Chiasiellis in Italy's Serie A.	Lara Barbieri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Gaspar Costa is an Angolan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Angolan side ASA.	Manuel Gaspar Costa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yassine El Kharroubi (born 29 March 1990 in Dreux), is a French-born Moroccan professional footballer who plays for Bulgarian club Lokomotiv Plovdiv as a goalkeeper.	Yassine El Kharroubi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	António Abrantes Mendes (2 May 1907 in Lisbon -- 25 January 1987 in Lisbon) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a forward.	António Abrantes Mendes	forward
position played on team / speciality	Federico Giunti (born 6 August 1971 in Perugia) is an Italian former footballer turned manager, who played as a midfielder.	Federico Giunti	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alexandros Garpozis (born September 5, 1980 in Limassol) is a Cypriot football midfielder, who last played for AEK Kouklia.	Alexandros Garpozis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Grigoris Kastanos (Greek: Γρηγόρης Κάστανος; born 30 January 1998) is a Cypriot footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Juventus.	Grigoris Kastanos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Steven Fortès (born 17 April 1992) is a Cape Verdean international footballer who plays for French team Le Havre, as a central defender.	Steven Fortès	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ian Thomas-Moore (born 26 August 1976 in Birkenhead) is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre-forward or winger.	Ian Thomas-Moore	forward
position played on team / speciality	Hörður Björgvin Magnússon (born 11 February 1993) is an Icelandic footballer who currently plays as a defender for Cesena in the Italian Serie B on loan from four-time defending Serie A champions Juventus.	Hörður Björgvin Magnússon	defender
position played on team / speciality	Constantin Bogdan is a Moldovan footballer who last played for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk and Moldova-21 as defender.	Constantin Bogdan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Luis Cembranos Martínez (born 6 June 1972) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right midfielder, and a current coach.	Luis Cembranos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ramiro Fergonzi (born May 14, 1989 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine forward currently playing for Deportivo Español in Argentine.	Ramiro Fergonzi	forward
present in work	Goldie and Wendy are fictional identical twins in the graphic novel series Sin City, created by Frank Miller.	Goldie and Wendy	Sin City
present in work	Niko Bellic is a fictional character and the playable protagonist of Rockstar North's 2008 video game Grand Theft Auto IV, also featuring as a supporting character in its episodic content The Lost and Damned and The Ballad of Gay Tony, all published by Rockstar Games.	Niko Bellic	Grand Theft Auto
present in work	Imoen is one of the main characters of the Baldur's Gate series of Dungeons & Dragons a computer role-playing game.	Imoen	Baldur's Gate
present in work	Angela de Luca, known in the series by the alias Angie Bolen, is a fictional character played by Drea de Matteo on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives.	Angie Bolen	Desperate Housewives
present in work	Aisha Campbell is a fictional character from the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers TV series and Mighty Morphin Power Rangers:	Aisha Campbell	Power Rangers
publication date	Devět kruhů pekla (Nine Circles of Hell) is a 1989 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Milan Muchna.	Devět kruhů pekla	1989
publication date	Girl 27 is a 2007 documentary film about the 1937 rape of MGM movie extra Patricia Douglas (1917-2003), the front-page news stories that followed, and the subsequent cover-up of the entire event.	Girl 27	2007
publication date	Silver into Gold is a 1987 American short documentary film produced by Lynn Mueller.	Silver into Gold	1987
publication date	Fatal Intuition (Hangul: 그놈이다; RR: Geunomida; lit. ``It's Him'') is a 2015 South Korean crime thriller film written and directed by Yun Jun-hyeong.	Fatal Intuition	2015
publication date	Beyond the Reach is a 2014 American adventure thriller film directed by Jean-Baptiste Léonetti and written by Stephen Susco.	Beyond the Reach	2014
publication date	Rosies of the North (French-language title: Riveuses du nord) is a 46-minute Canadian documentary film made in 1999 by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) and directed by Kelly Saxberg.	Rosies of the North	1999
publication date	The George Raft Story is a 1961 American biographical film of Hollywood film star George Raft.	The George Raft Story	1961
publication date	Aimless Walk (Bezúčelná procházka) is a 1930 film by the Czech filmmaker Alexander Hammid.	Aimless Walk	1930
publication date	Heera Aur Pathar (Urdu: ہیرا اور پتھر) is a 1964 Pakistani Urdu black-and-white film.	Heera Aur Pathar	1964
publication date	L'assedio di Calais (The siege of Calais) is an 1836 melodramma lirico, or opera, in three acts by Gaetano Donizetti, his 49th opera.	L'assedio di Calais	1836
publication date	Revenge of the Stepford Wives is a 1980 made-for-television science fiction--thriller film inspired by the Ira Levin novel The Stepford Wives.	Revenge of the Stepford Wives	1980
publication date	The Korean Connection is 1974 Korean martial art movie starring Han Yong Cheol (Credited as Billy Chan) and Kwan Young Moon.	The Korean Connection	1974
publication date	The Leather Saint is a 1956 film, directed by Alvin Ganzer in black-and-white VistaVision, about a priest who boxes.	The Leather Saint	1956
publication date	The Devil's Brother or Bogus Bandits or Fra Diavolo is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film starring Laurel and Hardy.	The Devil's Brother	1933
publication date	No matarás (``Do Not Kill'') is a 1943 Mexican film.	No matarás	1943
publication date	Wallace & Gromit's Musical Marvels (also known as Wallace & Gromit at the Proms) is the name of Prom 20 of the 2012 season of The BBC Proms, which features orchestral renditions of Julian Nott's theme from Wallace & Gromit and classical music set to scenes from the Wallace & Gromit films.	Wallace & Gromit's Musical Marvels	2012
publication date	Battal Gazi Destanı (Battal Ghazi Legend) is a 1971 Turkish historic action film.	Battal Gazi Destanı	1971
publication date	Dare Not Walk Alone is a 2006 documentary directed by Jeremy Dean.	Dare Not Walk Alone	2006
publication date	Happy Heroes 2 (Chinese: 开心超人2:启源星之战) is a 2014 Chinese animated adventure film directed by Huang Weiming and a sequel to Happy Heroes (2013).	Happy Heroes 2	2014
publication date	Uncle Sam Magoo is a 1970 television special directed by Abe Levitow and written by Larry Markes, Henry G. Saperstein and Sam Rosen.	Uncle Sam Magoo	1970
publication date	Flesh and Bullets is a 1985 film which features Yvonne de Carlo and Aldo Ray in small roles.	Flesh and Bullets	1985
publication date	You Are the Apple of My Eye (Chinese: 那些年,我們一起追的女孩, literally ``Those Years, The Girl We Went After Together'') is a 2011 Taiwanese Romance film.	You Are the Apple of My Eye	2011
publication date	PlayMaker Football is an American football simulation produced by PlayMaker Software, Inc. The first version of the game was released in 1989 by Brøderbund for the Macintosh.	PlayMaker Football	1989
publication date	Khan Kluay 2 is a three-dimensional animated movie from Thailand, directed by Taweelap Srivuthivong and released in 2009.	Khan Kluay 2	2009
publication date	Gnanapazham (Tamil: ஞானப்பழம்) is a 1996 Indian Tamil film, directed R. P. Viswam and produced by K. Gopinathan.	Gnanapazham	1996
publication date	Puthiya Parasakthi (Tamil: புதிய பராசக்தி) is a 1996 Indian Tamil film, directed by Gowri Rajan and produced by G. Agastin.	Puthiya Parasakthi	1996
publication date	The Wild Wacky Wonderful World of Winter was an HBO (Home Box Office) television broadcast first on February 22, 1980 and again on February 26, 1980.	The Wild Wacky Wonderful World of Winter	1980
publication date	Ein Job is a 2008 German television film based on Irene Dische's novel The Job.	Ein Job	2008
publication date	Snehaloka (Kannada: ಸ್ನೇಹ ಲೋಕ ) is a 1999 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by S. Mahendar and produced by N. Bharathi Devi.	Snehaloka	1999
publication date	The Country Cousin is a Walt Disney animated short film released on October 31, 1936 by United Artists.	The Country Cousin	1936
publication date	Hamateur Night is a 1938 seven-minute animated short film released to theaters by Warner Bros. on January 28, 1939.	Hamateur Night	1939
publication date	The City's Edge is a 1983 Australian film co-written by aboriginal playwright Bob Merritt.	The City's Edge	1983
publication date	The Secret Life of Girls is a 1999 film starring Majandra Delfino, Linda Hamilton, Eugene Levy, Meagan Good and Emily Osment in her film debut.	The Secret Life of Girls	1999
publication date	Estômago (Portuguese for stomach), or Estômago, a Gastronomic Story, is a 2007 Brazilian--	Estômago	2007
publication date	Sin dejar rastros (Spanish: ``Without a Trace'') was an 1918 Argentine animated feature film.	Sin dejar rastros	1918
publication date	Thenkasi Pattanam is an Indian Tamil comedy film released in 2002.	Thenkasi Pattanam	2002
publication date	Sutrula is a 2014 Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by V. Rajesh Alfred.	Sutrula	2014
publication date	Sathi Savithri (Kannada: ಸತಿ ಸಾವಿತ್ರಿ) is a 1965 Indian Kannada film, directed by P. R. Kaundanya and produced by N. Vishweshwariah.	Sathi Savithri	1965
publication date	Combat Cars is a racing video game released for the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis in 1994.	Combat Cars	1994
publication date	Dadah Is Death is a 1988 Australian film based on the Barlow and Chambers execution in Malaysia in 1986.	Dadah Is Death	1988
publication date	Well Worn Daffy is a 1965 Looney Tunes animated short featuring Daffy Duck and Speedy Gonzales in a struggle for a well.	Well Worn Daffy	1965
publication date	From the Tropics to the Snow is a 1964 Australian documentary film.	From the Tropics to the Snow	1964
publication date	Aswesuma (The Compensation) is a 2001 Sri Lankan crime drama film starring Joe Abeywickrama, Sangeetha Weeraratne, and Jackson Anthony.	Aswesuma	2001
publication date	Fightville is a mixed martial arts documentary film released in 2011.	Fightville	2011
publication date	Life After Manson is a 2014 documentary film directed by Olivia Klaus that offers an intimate portrait of one of the world's most infamous crimes and notorious killers.	Life After Manson	2014
publication date	The Rejected (1961) is a made-for-television documentary film about homosexuality, produced for KQED in San Francisco by John W. Reavis.	The Rejected	1961
publication date	Bug Buster is a 1998 American comedy horror film directed by Lorenzo Doumani.	Bug Buster	1998
publication date	Jack the Nipper is a video game by Gremlin Graphics released in 1986 for several home computer systems.	Jack the Nipper	1986
publication date	La bambola di Satana (lit. Satan's Doll) is a 1969 Italian gothic horror film directed by Ferruccio Casapinta.	La bambola di Satana	1969
publication date	Breaking the Taboo is a 2011 Brazilian documentary film about the War on Drugs.	Breaking the Taboo	2011
publication date	El Fin is a 2012 film written and directed by Costa Rican film director Miguel Gómez, and co-produced with his brother Dennis Gómez.	El Fin	2012
publication date	Gangasangamam is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by JD Thottan and produced by Paul Kallungal.	Gangasangamam	1971
publication date	To Die in Paris is a 1968 TV film.	To Die in Paris	1968
publication date	Kiccha is a 2003 Kannada political-drama film directed by Arun Prasad P.A. featuring Sudeep and Shwetha in the lead roles.	Kiccha	2003
publication date	Sunny and the Elephant is a 2007 feature film written and directed by Frederic Lepage, a French author and producer.	Sunny and the Elephant	2007
publication date	Histórias Que Nossas Babás Não Contavam (Stories Our Nannies Don't Tell) is a Brazilian film of 1979 directed by Oswaldo De Oliveira and written by Ody Fraga.	Histórias Que Nossas Babás Não Contavam	1979
publication date	Gold, Frankincense and Myrrh (Mirisi, zlato i tamjan) is a 1971 Croatian film directed by Ante Babaja.	Gold, Frankincense and Myrrh	1971
publication date	The Crew of the Dora (German: Besatzung Dora) is a 1943 German film about Luftwaffe pilots.	The Crew of the Dora	1943
publication date	Buzzy Boop is a 1938 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop and her young tomboy cousin Buzzy Boop.	Buzzy Boop	1938
publication date	AC/DC Live is the second live album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC, released on 27 October 1992.	AC/DC Live	27 October 1992
publication date	Lost in Panic Room is a 2010 Chinese suspense thriller film directed by Zhang Fanfan and written by Xiao Yu.	Lost in Panic Room	2010
publication date	The Outlaw Josey Wales is a 1976 American revisionist Western DeLuxe Color and Panavision film set during and after the American Civil War.	The Outlaw Josey Wales	1976
publication date	I Am the Media is a 2010 French documentary film by Benjamin Rassat (fr).	I Am the Media	2010
publication date	This Time for Keeps is an American romantic musical film released in 1947 and produced by MGM.	This Time for Keeps	1947
publication date	The Singles Ward is a 2002 LDS cinema comedy film directed by Kurt Hale written by himself and John E. Moyer, based on his own life as a standup comedian and single member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).	The Singles Ward	2002
publication date	Loreak, released in the US as Flowers, is a 2014 Basque-language Spanish drama film directed by Jon Garaño and Jose Mari Goenaga.	Loreak	2014
publication date	Kuttapathram is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film, directed by R Chandruand produced by R Chandru.	Kuttapathram	1991
publication date	Kung Fu Pocong Perawan is an Indonesian horror-comedy film which was released on theaters on 12 April 2012.	Kung Fu Pocong Perawan	2012
publication date	Those Dear Departed, also known as Ghosts Can Do It!, is a 1987 Australian black comedy.	Those Dear Departed	1987
publication date	Lorna's Silence (French: Le silence de Lorna) is a 2008 drama film by the Belgian brothers Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne.	Lorna's Silence	2008
publication date	Jaathre (Kannada: ಜಾತ್ರೆ) is a 2015 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by Raviteja.	Jaathre	2015
publication date	Wrong Way Kid is a 1983 TV film starring Dick Van Dyke, Keith Coogan, Derek Barton, June Foray, Stan Freberg, Melanie Gaffin, Joan Gerber, Wayne Hall, Don Messick, Jason Naylor and Arnold Stang.	Wrong Way Kid	1983
publication date	Damascus with Love (Arabic: دمشق مع حبي dimashq maa' hubbi ‎), is a 2010 Drama film by Syrian director Mohamad Abdul Aziz.	Damascus with Love	2010
publication date	See What I Say is a 1981 American short documentary film produced by Linda Chapman, Pam LeBlanc and Freddi Stevens.	See What I Say	1981
publication date	SteamWorld Dig was initially released on the Nintendo eShop for the Nintendo 3DS in Europe and Australia on 7 August 2013, North America on 8 August 2013, and Japan on 20 November 2013.	SteamWorld Dig	7 August 2013
publication date	Down and Derby is a 2005 comedy film about a Cub Scouts' pinewood derby race.	Down and Derby	2005
publication date	The Rushing Tide is a 1927 Australian silent film about the search for a hoard of diamonds.	The Rushing Tide	1927
publication date	Aatamin poika is a 1996 Finnish TV film drama lasting 45 minutes.	Aatamin poika	1996
publication date	Saints of Virtue is a 3D medieval first person shooter video game developed by Shine Studios and released in 1999.	Saints of Virtue	1999
publication date	Attack the Gas Station 2 (Hangul: 주유소 습격사건 2; RR: Juyuso seubgyuksageun 2) is a 2010 South Korean action comedy film, starring Ji Hyun-woo and Jo Han-sun. It is the sequel to Attack the Gas Station (1999), and was released on January 21, 2010.	Attack the Gas Station 2	2010
publication date	O Sertão das Memórias (released as Landscapes of Memory in English-speaking market is a 1997 Brazilian documentary film directed by José Araújo. It tells the stories of Antero Marques Araújo and Maria Emilce Pinto. It participated in the Singapore International Film Festival and the 4th International Kerala Film Festival.	O Sertão das Memórias	1997
publication date	Iranium is a 2011 documentary film by director Alex Traiman, Written and Distributed by Clarion Fund.	Iranium	2011
publication date	Dig That Uranium is a 1956 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys.	Dig That Uranium	1956
publication date	Every Man Needs One is a 1972 made-for-television romantic comedy movie.	Every Man Needs One	1972
publication date	Sammelanam is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film, directed by CP Vijayakumar and produced by Basheer.	Sammelanam	1985
publication date	Miss December is a 2011 dark romantic comedy directed by Derek Lindeman and written by Faith Brody.	Miss December	2011
publication date	Bhaiyaa is Magahi language film released in 1965 directed by Phani Majumdar.	Bhaiyaa	1965
publication date	House of Good and Evil is a 2013 American psychological thriller film directed by David Mun and written by Blu de Golyer.	House of Good and Evil	2013
publication date	Aaj Ka Andha Kanoon (English: Today's Blind Law) is a 2003 Indian Bollywood film drama directed by Amit Chandra Sahay.	Aaj Ka Andha Kanoon	2003
publication date	Salvage with a Smile is a 1940 British, black-and-white, sponsored war film, directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Ronald Shiner as the Dustman.	Salvage with a Smile	1940
publication date	Silent Hunter is a World War II submarine combat simulation for MS-DOS, developed by Aeon Electronic Entertainment and published by Strategic Simulations in 1996.	Silent Hunter	1996
publication date	The Diabolical is a 2015 American science fiction horror film directed by Alistair Legrand, written by Legrand and Luke Harvis, and starring Ali Larter as a single mother who battles evil forces in her house.	The Diabolical	2015
publication date	Amateur Daddy is a 1932 American drama film directed by John G. Blystone and written by Frank Dolan and Doris Malloy.	Amateur Daddy	1932
publication date	The Golden Disc (also known as The In-Between Age) is a 1958 British pop musical film.	The Golden Disc	1958
publication date	Aruna Raaga (Kannada: ಅರುಣರಾಗ) is a 1986 Indian Kannada-language action drama film starring Ananth Nag and Geetha in the lead roles.	Aruna Raaga	1986
publication date	Bandit Queen is a 1994 Indian biographical film based on the life of Phoolan Devi.	Bandit Queen	1994
publication date	Septemberland is a Martin Stenmarck studio album, released in 2009.	Septemberland	2009
publication date	Life Without Dick is a direct-to-video 2002 American black comedy film written and directed by Bix Skahill.	Life Without Dick	2002
publication date	Sweet Hostage is a 1975 American romantic drama film based on the novel Welcome to Xanadu by Nathaniel Benchley.	Sweet Hostage	1975
publication date	See Jane Date is a romantic comedy film released on August 16, 2003 by ABC Family.	See Jane Date	2003
publication date	Risk/Reward is a 2003 documentary film about women on Wall Street.	Risk/Reward	2003
publication date	Mercy Island is a 1941 American drama that was nominated at the 1941 Academy Awards for Best Score of a Dramatic Picture-which Walter Scharf and Cy Feuer received nominations for.	Mercy Island	1941
publication date	The Tommy Steele Story is a 1957 British film starring Tommy Steele, dramatising Steele's own rise to fame.	The Tommy Steele Story	1957
publication date	En Veedu En Kanavar (My house, my husband) is a 1990 Tamil romantic film directed by Senbaga Raman.	En Veedu En Kanavar	1990
publication date	Charlie Chan in the Secret Service is a 1944 mystery film starring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan.	Charlie Chan in the Secret Service	1944
publication date	Wormhole Chasers is a 2007 four-minute short film about a woman who opens her door and finds several people there because a wormhole is about to open in the corner of her apartment.	Wormhole Chasers	2007
publication date	She's No Angel is a 2001 television film directed and written by Rachel Feldman, novel I Married a Dead Man.	She's No Angel	2001
publication date	The Street Singer is a 1912 American short silent drama film.	The Street Singer	1912
publication date	Gay Purr-ee is an animated film musical produced by United Productions of America and released by Warner Bros. in 1962.	Gay Purr-ee	1962
publication date	Sunday Encounter is the US title for a 1958 French comedy-drama film, Un drôle de dimanche.	Sunday Encounter	1958
publication date	The Arizona Wildcat is a 1939 American comedy western.	The Arizona Wildcat	1939
publication date	102 Minutes That Changed America is a 102-minute American television special documentary film that was produced by the History channel and premiered commercial-free on September 11, 2008, marking the seventh anniversary of the September 11 attacks.	102 Minutes That Changed America	2008
publication date	Beyond the Call is a 2006 documentary film about three middle-aged men who are former soldiers and modern-day knights.	Beyond the Call	2006
publication date	7 Days in Havana (Spanish: 7 días en La Habana) is a 2012 Spanish-language anthology film.	7 Days in Havana	2012
publication date	14 Going on 30 is a 1988 made-for-TV movie broadcast by American Broadcasting Company and Buena Vista Television, and later distributed by Walt Disney Home Video.	14 Going on 30	1988
publication date	The Simian Line is an American improvisational film, released in NY/LA in 2001.	The Simian Line	2001
publication date	Juan y Eva (Spanish: Juan and Eva) is a 2011 Argentine movie based on the Argentine president Juan Perón and his wife Eva Perón.	Juan y Eva	2011
publication date	Putty Tat Trouble is a 1951 Looney Tunes (reissued as a 1959 Blue Ribbon Merrie Melodies reissue with the original LT ending) animated short featuring Sylvester and Tweety, in which Sylvester has a feud with another cat over the canary.	Putty Tat Trouble	1951
publication date	Big Time Concert (also known as Big Time First Concert) is the 2010 second made-for-television movie of the series film franchise/season one finale for the television series, Big Time Rush.	Big Time Concert	2010
publication date	The Chairman's Wife is a 1971 British short drama film directed by Gerry O'Hara and starring John Osborne, Zena Walker, Fiona Lewis and David de Keyser.	The Chairman's Wife	1971
publication date	Rozbijemy zabawę (pl.We will break up a party) was a short film written and directed by Roman Polański in 1957.	Rozbijemy zabawę	1957
publication date	The Dude's Experience with a Girl on a Tandem, also known as The Dude and the Bathing Girl, is a silent, comedy film made in August 1898 by the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company.	The Dude's Experience with a Girl on a Tandem	1898
publication date	Greeshmam is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film directed by VR Gopinath.	Greeshmam	1981
publication date	Over the Odds is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Michael Forlong and starring Marjorie Rhodes, Glenn Melvyn, Cyril Smith, Esma Cannon and Thora Hird and Wilfrid Lawson.	Over the Odds	1961
publication date	The Mango People is a 2015 Malayalam satirical comedy-drama short film written and directed by Saketh Sreemohan starring Savithri Sreedharan, Vishal Shiv Prabhu, and Nithya Sri in the lead.	The Mango People	2015
publication date	Main Street to Broadway is a 1953 light drama-comedy by independent producer Lester Cowan, his final credit, in collaboration with The Council of the Living Theatre, which provided tie-up with the Broadway names.	Main Street to Broadway	1953
publication date	That's Adequate is a 1989 mockumentary documenting a fictional Hollywood studio, Adequate Film Studios.	That's Adequate	1989
publication date	Mane Mane Kathe (Kannada: ಮನೆ ಮನೆ ಕಥೆ) is a 1981 Indian Kannada film, directed by Rajachandra and produced by B. S. Dwarakish and H. R. Prabhakar Reddy.	Mane Mane Kathe	1981
publication date	Dick Tracy's Dilemma, released in the United Kingdom as Mark of the Claw, is a 1947 American pulp action film based on the 1930s comic strip character of the same name created by Chester Gould.	Dick Tracy's Dilemma	1947
publication date	Alien Apocalypse is a 2005 Sci Fi channel original movie, directed and written by Josh Becker, and starring Bruce Campbell, Renee O'Connor, Remington Franklin, Michael Cory Davis and Peter Jason.	Alien Apocalypse	2005
publication date	27 Mavalli Circle (Kannada: ೨೭ ಮಾವಳ್ಳಿ ಸರ್ಕಲ್) is a 1986 Indian Kannada language thriller film directed, written, produced and enacted by T. N. Narasimhan.	27 Mavalli Circle	1986
publication date	Chal Chala Chal is a 2009 Hindi Comedy film.	Chal Chala Chal	2009
publication date	Veliyattam is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film, directed by PT Rajan and produced by Thomas Mathew.	Veliyattam	1981
publication date	The Wild Stallion is a film released straight to DVD in late 2009.	The Wild Stallion	2009
publication date	Mystery Road is a 2013 Australian crime film written and directed by Ivan Sen. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.	Mystery Road	2013
publication date	Common Bonds is a 1997 independent feature film directed by Antonio Manriquez.	Common Bonds	1997
publication date	Prompt Payment and Stealing a Ride are two 1911 American silent short comedy films produced by the Thanhouser Company.	Prompt Payment and Stealing a Ride	1911
publication date	The Miniver Story is a 1950 film sequel to the successful 1942 film Mrs. Miniver.	The Miniver Story	1950
publication date	Death Over Shanghai (German:Tod über Shanghai) is a 1932 German thriller film directed by Rolf Randolf and starring Gerda Maurus, Else Elster and Theodor Loos.	Death Over Shanghai	1932
publication date	No te ofendas, Beatriz (``No Offence, Beatriz'') is a 1953 Mexican film.	No te ofendas, Beatriz	1953
publication date	At Point Blank (Swedish: Rånarna) is a 2003 Swedish action film.	At Point Blank	2003
publication date	Wizard and the Princess (1980), also known as Adventure in Serenia (1982), is a 1980s computer game by On-Line Systems for the Apple II, Apple II Plus, and Commodore 64.	Wizard and the Princess	1980
publication date	The Haunted Barn is a short 1931 Australian comedy film produced by F.W. Thring directed by Gregan McMahon.	The Haunted Barn	1931
publication date	Departure of a Grand Old Man (Russian: Уход великого старца, translit. Ukhod velikovo startza) is a 1912 Russian silent film about the last days of author Leo Tolstoy.	Departure of a Grand Old Man	1912
publication date	Getting Lucky (also known as Wish Me Luck) is a 1990 American fantasy-comedy film directed and written by Michael Paul Girard.	Getting Lucky	1990
publication date	Hot for Paris is a 1929 American black-and-white romantic adventure musical film.	Hot for Paris	1929
publication date	Bramble, During the Summer is a Russian film produced in 2006 .	Bramble, During the Summer	2006
publication date	Totem and Ore is a book written by B Wongar in 2006.	Totem and Ore	2006
publication date	Step Up 3D (also known as Step Up 3) is a 2010 American 3D dance film written by Amy Andelson and Emily Meyer and directed by Step Up 2:	Step Up 3D	2010
publication date	Yankee Doodle Dandy is a 1942 American biographical musical film about George M. Cohan, known as ``The Man Who Owned Broadway''.	Yankee Doodle Dandy	1942
publication date	Jaise Ko Taisa is a 1973 Bollywood drama film, produced by M. Saravanan, M. Balasubramaniam on AVM Productions banner, directed by Murugan Kumaran.	Jaise Ko Taisa	1973
publication date	Preacherman is a 1971 American comedy film written, directed, and starring Albert T. Viola.	Preacherman	1971
publication date	Death Do Us Part is a 2014 horror film directed by Nicholas Humphries, and written by Julia Benson, Ryan Copple, and Peter Benson.	Death Do Us Part	2014
publication date	Mi novia está de madre is a Dominican comedy movie released in the summer of 2007.	Mi novia está de madre	2007
publication date	Seeta Rama Jananam (Telugu: సీతారామ జననం) is a 1944 Telugu film directed by Ghantasala Balaramaiah.	Seeta Rama Jananam	1944
publication date	The Great Gold Swindle is a 1984 Australian TV movie based on the Perth Mint Swindle.	The Great Gold Swindle	1984
publication date	At the Foot of the Ladder is a 1912 American silent short romantic comedy written by Lloyd Lonergan.	At the Foot of the Ladder	1912
publication date	Venus Peter is a 1989 British drama film directed by Ian Sellar and produced by Christopher Young for Young films.	Venus Peter	1989
publication date	Mukhamariyaathe is a 2006 Indian Malayalam film directed by P Rajasekharan.	Mukhamariyaathe	2006
publication date	Jaadayum Mudiyum (English: Attitude) is a 2015 Malayalam Comedy film directed by Abhai Asokan and scripted by Lijo Pavaratty.	Jaadayum Mudiyum	2015
publication date	Journey Escape is a videogame developed and manufactured by Data Age in San Jose, California for the Atari 2600 console, and released in 1982.	Journey Escape	1982
publication date	The Little Book of Revenge (French: Guide de la petite vengeance) is a Genie nominated French language Canadian film released in 2006.	The Little Book of Revenge	2006
publication date	Doctor Bello is a 2013 Nigerian Adventure drama film directed by Tony Abulu starring Isaiah Washington, Vivica A. Fox, Jimmy Jean-Louis, Genevieve Nnaji, Stephanie Okereke, Justus Esiri, Ebbe Bassey and Jon Freda.	Doctor Bello	2013
publication date	Catch as Cats Can is a 1947 animated cartoon featuring caricatures of Frank Sinatra and Bing Crosby as birds, and a cat that resembles Sylvester the Cat.	Catch as Cats Can	1947
publication date	The Devil's Violinist is a 2013 film based on the life story of the 19th-century Italian violinist and composer Niccolò Paganini.	The Devil's Violinist	2013
publication date	Vaada Raha (English: I Promise) is a Hindi film, released on 11 September 2009.	Vaada Raha	2009
publication date	Drums of Fu Manchu (1940) is a 15-chapter Republic movie serial based on the character created by Sax Rohmer.	Drums of Fu Manchu	1940
publication date	Sensei Redenshon is a 2013 action drama-martial arts film produced by Alejandra Sanchez Gruber and directed by independent Curaçaoan filmmaker German Gruber, Jr. The film is entirely spoken in Papiamentu, but subtitles are shown and are available in both Dutch and English.	Sensei Redenshon	2013
publication date	Dumbbells in Ermine is a 1930 American early talkie pre-Code comedy film based on the 1925 play Weak Sisters by Lynn Starling.	Dumbbells in Ermine	1930
publication date	Evil Come, Evil Go is a 1972 softcore pornographic horror film written and directed by Walt Davis.	Evil Come, Evil Go	1972
publication date	If Winter Comes is a 1947 drama film released by MGM.	If Winter Comes	1947
publication date	Aitaré da Praia is a 1925 Brazilian film directed by Gentil Roiz in the city of Recife.	Aitaré da Praia	1925
publication date	Raja Narasimha (Kannada: ರಾಜ ನರಸಿಂಹ) is a 2003 Indian Kannada romantic drama - action film directed by Muthyala Subbaiah and written by Posani Krishna Murali.	Raja Narasimha	2003
publication date	Pradakshinam is a 1994 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Pradeep Chokli, starring Manoj K Jayan, Sunitha and Maathu in the lead roles.	Pradakshinam	1994
publication date	In Search of Lovecraft is a 2008 American horror film that was directed and written by David J. Hohl.	In Search of Lovecraft	2008
publication date	Pure Punjabi (Punjabi: ਪਿਉਰ ਪੰਜਾਬੀ) is a 2012 Punjabi musical drama film for all audiences from the producers of Mel Karade Rabba, Jihne Mera Dil Luteya, and Yaar Annmulle.	Pure Punjabi	2012
publication date	Holiday in Handcuffs is an American crime comedy television movie that originally aired on ABC Family on December 9, 2007, as a part of the network's 25 Days of Christmas programming block.	Holiday in Handcuffs	2007
publication date	Pumping Iron is a 1977 docudrama about the world of bodybuilding, focusing on the 1975 IFBB Mr. Universe and Mr. Olympia competitions.	Pumping Iron	1977
publication date	Project Makeover (Hangul: 언니가 간다; RR: Eonni-ga Ganda; also known as Operation Makeover or Go Go Sister) is a 2007 South Korean film.	Project Makeover	2007
publication date	Stargoose is a computer game for the Amiga, Atari ST and IBM PC computers, published by Logotron in 1988.	Stargoose	1988
publication date	Margery and Gladys is a television film released in 2003.	Margery and Gladys	2003
publication date	Chutti Chathan is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language 3D film written and directed by Jijo.	Chutti Chathan	2010
publication date	Ghost Cat, also released as Mrs. Ashboro's Cat or The Cat That Came Back, is a 2003 Animal Planet television film starring Ellen Page and Nigel Bennett.	Ghost Cat	2003
publication date	Bowl of Oatmeal is a 1996 film directed & produced by a group of six students at New York University - School of Continuing Education.	Bowl of Oatmeal	1996
publication date	Barry McKenzie Holds His Own is the 1974 sequel to the 1972 Australian comedy film The Adventures of Barry McKenzie.	Barry McKenzie Holds His Own	1974
publication date	Bhalobaslei Ghor Bandha Jay Na (Bengali: ভালবাসলেই ঘর বাঁধা যায় না) is a 2010 Dhallywood drama film directed by Jakir Hossain Raju, who also wrote the story and screenplay, and produced by Mastex Production.	Bhalobaslei Ghor Bandha Jay Na	2010
publication date	Iceland's Bell (1943), The Bright Jewel or The Fair Maiden (1944) and Fire in Copenhagen (1946).	Iceland's Bell	1943
publication date	Graphic Sexual Horror is a 2009 independent film written and directed by Anna Lorentzon and Barbara Bell in their directorial debut.	Graphic Sexual Horror	2009
publication date	Watercolor Painting in a Rainy Day 2 (Hangul: 비오는 날 수채화 2; RR: Bioneun nal suchaehwa 2) is a 1993 South Korean film, the sequel of Watercolor Painting in a Rainy Day (1989).	Watercolor Painting in a Rainy Day 2	1993
publication date	Ta Khar Ta Yan Hni A Chit The Ei Tho Phit Tat The is a 2004 Burmese romantic drama film directed by Malekha Soe Htike Aung.	Ta Khar Ta Yan Hni A Chit The Ei Tho Phit Tat The	2004
publication date	Crazy Sue Goes On was first released in 1992 as cover disk of the Amiga Mania magazine by MC Publications in the UK and in the Amiga Fun magazine by CompuTec Verla in Germany Amiga Joker gave the game a review score of 60%.	Crazy Sue Goes On	1992
publication date	The Glorious Adventure is a lost 1918 American silent drama film which was one of the last films made using the Kinemacolor process.	The Glorious Adventure	1918
publication date	Kanchanam is a 1996 Indian Malayalam film directed by TN Vasanth Kumar and starring Manoj K Jayan and Srividya in the lead roles.	Kanchanam	1996
publication date	David Loman (大尾鱸鰻) is a 2013 Taiwanese comedy film directed by Chiu Li-kwan.	David Loman	2013
publication date	My Tutor Friend 2 (Hangul: 동갑내기 과외하기 레슨 II; RR: Donggabnaegi gwaoehagi reseun II; lit. ``My Tutor Friend Lesson 2'') is a 2007 South Korean romantic comedy film released on April 19, 2007.	My Tutor Friend 2	2007
publication date	The Way Ahead is a British Second World War drama released in 1944.	The Way Ahead	1944
publication date	Sparrow Unit is a 1987 Filipino action film directed by Ben Yalung, Followed by the 1988 Filipino action film Cine Suerte' Starring Ramon 'Bong' Revilla Jr., Ronnie Ricketts, Debbie Miller, Sonny Parsons, Dick Israel, King Gutierrez and George Estregan Jr., Directed by:	Sparrow Unit	1987
publication date	Thanthonni (Malayalam: താന്തോന്നി) is a 2010 Malayalam-language film released on 19 March 2010.	Thanthonni	2010
publication date	Kushikushigaa is a Telugu film released on 16 April 2004 starring Jagapati Babu, Venu, Sangeeta, Nikita and Ramya Krishna.	Kushikushigaa	2004
publication date	Sky Trooper is a 1942 animated cartoon by Walt Disney Studios starring Donald Duck during the World War II years.	Sky Trooper	1942
publication date	The Children of Soong Ching Ling is a 1984 Canadian short documentary film directed by Gary Bush.	The Children of Soong Ching Ling	1984
publication date	The Abominable Snow Rabbit is a six-minute 1961 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon starring Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck.	The Abominable Snow Rabbit	1961
publication date	Begging for Billionaires is a 2009 American documentary film exposing abuses of eminent domain.	Begging for Billionaires	2009
publication date	The Muslim Jesus is a 2007 British documentary directed and produced by Irshad Ashraf, and commissioned and narrated by Melvyn Bragg.	The Muslim Jesus	2007
publication date	Galería de esperanzas is a 1934 Argentine tango film directed by Carlos de la Pua.	Galería de esperanzas	1934
publication date	Countdown to Armageddon is a 2004 History Channel documentary film that reviews the history of apocalyptic literature (Armageddon).	Countdown to Armageddon	2004
publication date	Presenting Lily Mars is a 1943 American musical motion picture produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and released in 1943.	Presenting Lily Mars	1943
publication date	Confessions from a Holiday Camp is a 1977 British comedy film.	Confessions from a Holiday Camp	1977
publication date	Charge of the Model T's is a 1977 American comedy spy film directed by Jim McCullough Sr. with the screenplay by Jim McCullough Jr. based upon the novel of the same name by Lee Somerville.	Charge of the Model T's	1977
publication date	Jaan Pechaan is a 1991 family-drama Indian Hindi film directed by Kamal Saigal and produced by Ravie Sonie.	Jaan Pechaan	1991
publication date	An acting edition of Topless in Philadelphia was published by Matador Books in 2009.	Topless in Philadelphia	2009
publication date	Broadcasting Girl (Chinese: 我的播音系女友) is a 2014 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Cheng Zhonghao and Wang Kai.	Broadcasting Girl	2014
publication date	Radio Bemba Sound System is a live album by Manu Chao that was released in 2002.	Radio Bemba Sound System	2002
publication date	The First Seven Days is an album recorded by jazz musician Jan Hammer in 1975.	The First Seven Days	1975
publication date	This, That and the Other, originally released as A Promise of Bed, is a 1969 British sex comedy, featuring a trilogy of stories.	A Promise of Bed	1969
publication date	The Feminist and the Fuzz is a 1971 American made-for-television comedy film starring Barbara Eden, David Hartman, Jo Anne Worley, Herb Edelman and Julie Newmar.	The Feminist and the Fuzz	1971
publication date	Rubik, the Amazing Cube is a 30-minute Saturday morning animated series based on the puzzle created by Ernő Rubik, produced by Ruby-Spears Enterprises and broadcast as part of The Pac-Man/Rubik, the Amazing Cube Hour block on ABC from September 10, 1983 to September 1, 1984.	Rubik, the Amazing Cube	1983
publication date	Kaay Raav Tumhi is a Marathi language comedy movie released in 2015.	Kaay Raav Tumhi	2015
publication date	Death Drums Along the River (titled Sanders in the USA) is a 1963 British-German international co-production, using the characters from Edgar Wallace's 1911 novel Sanders of the River and Zoltán Korda's 1935 film based on the novel, but placed in a totally different story.	Death Drums Along the River	1963
publication date	Chattam (English: Law) is a 2011 action Telugu film produced by Natti Kumar & Tummalapalli Rama Satyanarayana on Vishaka Talkies banner, directed by P.A. Arun Prasad.	Chattam	2011
publication date	Another Job for the Undertaker is a 1901 silent fantasy-comedy film made by Edison Studios.	Another Job for the Undertaker	1901
publication date	Silence Becomes You is a 2005 British thriller film starring Alicia Silverstone, Sienna Guillory and Joe Anderson.	Silence Becomes You	2005
publication date	The Heart of No Place is a 2009 independent film written and directed by Rika Ohara, based on reinterpretation of Yoko Ono's life and work.	The Heart of No Place	2009
publication date	Korsakovia was released for free download on September 20, 2009.	Korsakovia	2009
publication date	The Two Worlds of Jennie Logan is a 1979 American television movie which is an adaptation of David L. Williams' novel Second Sight.	The Two Worlds of Jennie Logan	1979
publication date	Stagecoach to Denver is a 1946 American Western; one of Republic Pictures Red Ryder film series directed by R.G. Springsteen.	Stagecoach to Denver	1946
publication date	Mending Fences (working titles The View From Here and Prosper's Last Stand) is a television movie that premiered on Hallmark Channel July 18, 2009.	Mending Fences	2009
publication date	One Hundred Years of Mormonism is a 1913 film depicting the early history of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.	One Hundred Years of Mormonism	1913
publication date	Ten Minutes Older is a 2002 film project consisting of two compilation feature films titled The Trumpet and The Cello.	Ten Minutes Older	2002
publication date	Charlie & Me is a made-for-TV movie that premiered on Hallmark Channel on January 5, 2008.	Charlie & Me	2008
publication date	Hum Sab Ullu Hain (Hindi: हम सब उल्लू हैं English: We all are owls) is an Indian 2015 Bollywood comedy film directed by T Manwani Anand and produced by Sona T Manwani under the Sona Enterprises banner.	Hum Sab Ullu Hain	2015
screenwriter	Raven's End (Swedish: Kvarteret Korpen) is a 1963 Swedish drama film directed by Bo Widerberg, about an aspiring working-class writer in Malmö.	Raven's End	Bo Widerberg
screenwriter	Let's Get a Divorce is a 1918 American silent comedy film starring Billie Burke and written for the screen by husband and wife team John Emerson and Anita Loos.	Let's Get a Divorce	John Emerson	Anita Loos
screenwriter	The Devil Worshippers (German: Die Teufelsanbeter) is a six-chapter 1920 silent German film directed by the Turkish director Muhsin Ertuğrul, written by Marie Luise Droop, and featuring Carl de Vogt in the title-role of Kara Ben Nemsi.	The Devil Worshippers	Marie Luise Droop
screenwriter	Airplane! (titled Flying High! in Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Japan and the Philippines) is a 1980 American parody film directed and written by David Zucker, Jim Abrahams, and Jerry Zucker and released by Paramount Pictures.	Airplane!	David Zucker	Jim Abrahams	Jerry Zucker
screenwriter	Charro! is a 1969 American western film starring Elvis Presley shot on location at Apacheland Movie Ranch and Old Tucson Studios in Arizona.	Charro!	Elvis Presley
series	``Jimmy's Fake Girlfriend'' is the 14th episode of the second season of the Fox sitcom Raising Hope, and a special Valentine's Day episode.	Jimmy's Fake Girlfriend	Raising Hope
series	``And Now His Watch Is Ended'' is the fourth episode of the third season of HBO's fantasy television series Game of Thrones, and the 24th episode of the series.	And Now His Watch Is Ended	Game of Thrones
series	``Charity Bounce'' is an episode of the award-winning British comedy television series The Goodies.	Charity Bounce	The Goodies
series	The Big Nowhere is a 1988 crime fiction novel by James Ellroy, the second of the L.A. Quartet, a series of novels set in 1940s and 1950s Los Angeles.	The Big Nowhere	L.A. Quartet
series	``Xmas Party'' is the sixth episode and series finale of the first series of The Inbetweeners.	Xmas Party	The Inbetweeners
series	Time of Hope is the first chronological entry in C. P. Snow's series of novels Strangers and Brothers, and the third to be published.	Time of Hope	Strangers and Brothers
series	``Guitar Queer-O'' is the thirteenth episode of the eleventh season and the 166th overall episode of American animated television series South Park, which first aired on Comedy Central on November 7, 2007.	Guitar Queer-O	South Park
series	Nightmare in Pink is the second novel in the Travis McGee series written by John D. McDonald.	Nightmare in Pink	Travis McGee
series	``Mrs. Donaghy'' is the eleventh episode of the fifth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 91st overall episode of the series.	Mrs. Donaghy	30 Rock
series	The Rover 75 is an executive car produced by British automobile manufacturers Rover Group and later by MG Rover, under the Rover marque.	Rover 75	executive car
series	Spires of Spirit, by Gael Baudino, is a collection of six novellas set in the universe of The Strands Series.	Spires of Spirit	The Strands Series
series	Facing the Future is a young adult Christian novel written by Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye, number four of the Left Behind: The Kids series.	Facing the Future	Left Behind: The Kids
series	The King was in his Counting House is the seventh episode of the fifth series of the British comedy series Dad's Army that was originally transmitted on 17 November 1972.	The King was in his Counting House	Dad's Army
series	``Coon vs. Coon and Friends'' is the thirteenth episode of the fourteenth season and the 208th overall episode of Comedy Central's series South Park.	Coon vs. Coon and Friends	South Park
series	``The Soul Mate'' is the 136th episode of the American television sitcom Seinfeld.	The Soul Mate	Seinfeld
series	``Conspiracy Theories and Interior Design'' is the ninth episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Community, and the 34th episode of the series overall.	Conspiracy Theories and Interior Design	Community
series	Sharpe's Fury is the eleventh historical novel in the Richard Sharpe series by Bernard Cornwell, published in 2006.	Sharpe's Fury	Richard Sharpe
series	``The Rings of Akhaten'' is the seventh episode of the seventh series of the British science-fiction drama Doctor Who, first broadcast on BBC One on 6 April 2013.	The Rings of Akhaten	Doctor Who
series	Wall Around a Star is the second book of the Saga of Cuckoo series, following Farthest Star.	Wall Around a Star	Saga of Cuckoo
series	``T.R.A.C.K.S.'' is the thirteenth episode of the first season of the American television series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division), revolving around the character of Phil Coulson and his team of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents as they hunt for rogue businessman Ian Quinn.	T.R.A.C.K.S.	Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
series	Mini MPV (short for mini multi-purpose vehicle) is a car classification used in some countries to describe superminis or subcompacts which have taller build and often with a flexible interior layout, fitting below the compact MPV and large MPV/Minivan classifications.	Mini MPV	car classification
series	``Brother, Can You Spare Two Dimes?'' is the twenty-fourth and final episode of The Simpsons' third season.	Brother, Can You Spare Two Dimes?	The Simpsons
series	``I, Darrin, Take This Witch, Samantha'' (also known simply as ``I, Darrin'') is the pilot episode of American television series Bewitched.	I, Darrin, Take This Witch, Samantha	Bewitched
series	``Peter's Got Woods'' is the eleventh episode and the mid-season premiere from the fourth season of the FOX animated series Family Guy.	Peter's Got Woods	Family Guy
series	The Neutronium Alchemist is a science fiction novel by Peter F. Hamilton and is the second book in The Night's Dawn Trilogy.	The Neutronium Alchemist	The Night's Dawn Trilogy
series	Downhearted Duckling is the 87th one reel animated Tom and Jerry cartoon released.	Downhearted Duckling	Tom and Jerry
series	Tommy Pickles and The Great White Thing is a 6 1/2 minute unaired pilot for the popular animated series Rugrats.	Tommy Pickles and The Great White Thing	Rugrats
series	Magic Steps is the opening book of The Circle Opens quartet of young adult fantasy novels by Tamora Pierce.	Magic Steps	The Circle Opens
series	``Blue Dots'' is the eighth episode of the first series of the Fox sitcom Raising Hope.	Blue Dots	Raising Hope
series	``Port in a Storm'' is the 12th and final episode of the second season of the HBO original series, The Wire.	Port in a Storm	The Wire
series	``The Builders'' is the second episode in the first series of the BBC TV sitcom Fawlty Towers.	The Builders	Fawlty Towers
series	Big Time Movie is a television film adaptation based on the Nickelodeon television series, Big Time Rush, which aired March 10, 2012 (in the US).	Big Time Movie	Big Time Rush
series	``Abyssinia, Henry'' is the 72nd episode of the M*A*S*H television series, and the final episode of the series' third season.	Abyssinia, Henry	M*A*S*H
series	``Management Training'' is the third episode of the first season in the Swift and Shift Couriers Series.	Management Training	Swift and Shift Couriers
series	``Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus'' is the second season premiere of the animated television series South Park, and the 14th overall episode of the series.	Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus	South Park
series	``The Reichenbach Fall'' is the third and final episode of the second series of the BBC television series Sherlock.	The Reichenbach Fall	Sherlock
series	``Would I Think of Suicide?'' is the 120th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.	Would I Think of Suicide?	Desperate Housewives
series	Halt's Peril is the ninth book in the international best-selling Ranger's Apprentice series by John Flanagan	Halt's Peril	Ranger's Apprentice
series	``Pavor Nocturnus'' is the fifth episode of the second season of Canadian television series Sanctuary, and is the 18th episode overall.	Pavor Nocturnus	Sanctuary
series	``Jack-Tor'' is the fifth episode of the first season of the American situation comedy 30 Rock, which aired on November 16, 2006 on the NBC network in the United States, and on November 8, 2007 in the United Kingdom.	Jack-Tor	30 Rock
series	``The Trade-Ins'' is episode 96 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.	The Trade-Ins	The Twilight Zone
series	``Cute Poison'' is the fourth episode of television series Prison Break.	Cute Poison	Prison Break
series	``Bart Carny'' is the twelfth episode of The Simpsons' ninth season, originally airing on the Fox network on January 11, 1998.	Bart Carny	The Simpsons
series	The Enemy of the World is the fourth serial of the fifth season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which originally aired in six weekly parts from 23 December 1967 to 27 January 1968.	The Enemy of the World	Doctor Who
series	Death to the Queen is the second episode of the syndicated television series Queen of Swords airing October 14, 2000.	Death to the Queen	Queen of Swords
series	``The Mook, the Chef, the Wife and Her Homer'' is the season premiere of The Simpsons'' eighteenth season and first aired September 10, 2006.	The Mook, the Chef, the Wife and Her Homer	The Simpsons
series	The Hyundai Getz is a supermini car produced by the South Korean manufacturer Hyundai from 2002 to 2011.	Hyundai Getz	supermini
series	``The Farnsworth Parabox'' is the fifteenth episode of the fourth production season of Futurama.	The Farnsworth Parabox	Futurama
series	``Not Pictured'' is the second season finale of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars, serving as the twenty-second episode of the season and the forty-fourth episode overall.	Not Pictured	Veronica Mars
series	Hatch Up Your Troubles is a 1949 one-reel animated cartoon made in 1948 and is the 41st Tom and Jerry short produced by Fred Quimby and directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera, with musical supervision by Scott Bradley and animation by Ed Barge, Ray Patterson, Irven Spence and Kenneth Muse.	Hatch Up Your Troubles	Tom and Jerry
series	Four Blind Mice is the eighth novel featuring the Washington, D.C. homicide detective and forensic psychologist Alex Cross written by James Patterson.	Four Blind Mice	Alex Cross
sex or gender	María Grever (14 September 1885 -- 15 December 1951) was the first female Mexican musician to become a successful composer.	María Grever	female
sex or gender	Leila Meskhi (Georgian: ლეილა მესხი; born 5 January 1968) is a retired Georgian professional female tennis player.	Leila Meskhi	female
sex or gender	When Lord Leith died in 1925 without male heir, thus resulting in the extinction of the title, Burn changed his name by deed poll to Charles Forbes-Leith of Fyvie and was able to inherit the family seat of Fyvie Castle.	Charles Forbes-Leith	male
sex or gender	The then Government of Bengal recognised his liberality by naming a ward in his honour, The Mutty Lall Seal Ward, for native male patients.	Mutty Lall Seal	male
sex or gender	Mariam Ndagire (born 16 May 1971) is a Ugandan female singer, entertainer, actress, playwright, film director and producer.	Mariam Ndagire	female
sex or gender	Annie Gariepy (born May 12, 1975 in Bromont, Québec) is a female member of the Canadian cycling team and has cycled for the American team auto trader.	Annie Gariepy	female
sex or gender	Charlotte Grace O'Brien (1845--1909) was an Irish author and philanthropist, an activist in nationalist causes and the protection of female emigrants.	Charlotte Grace O'Brien	female
sex or gender	Ann VanderMeer (née Kennedy) is an American publisher and editor, and the second female editor of the horror magazine Weird Tales.	Ann VanderMeer	female
sex or gender	Douglas Lennox-Silva (born April 10, 1987 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida) is a male butterfly swimmer from Puerto Rico, who was born in the United States.	Douglas Lennox-Silva	male
sex or gender	Carolyne Lepage (born June 9, 1975 in Montreal, Quebec) is a female judoka from Canada, who won the silver medal in the women's extra lightweight division (-- 48 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.	Carolyne Lepage	female
sex or gender	Shaheila binti Abdul Majid (born 3 January 1965 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia), commonly known as Sheila Majid is a Malaysian female pop singer.	Sheila Majid	female
sex or gender	Yu Geli (simplified Chinese: 于格丽; traditional Chinese: 於格麗; pinyin: Yú Gélì; born March 29, 1976 in Laiyang, Yantai, Shandong) is a female Chinese handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Yu Geli	female
sex or gender	Jessica Rossi (born 7 January 1992) is a female Italian sports shooter.	Jessica Rossi	female
sex or gender	Devon Diggle (born 15 June 1988 in Montreal, Quebec) is a male former water polo player from Canada.	Devon Diggle	male
sex or gender	Silje Wergeland was a founding member of the female group of gothic / doom metal Octavia Sperati in 2000, where she remained as vocalist and one of the main songwriters along with Gyri Losnegaard and Bodil Myklebust, until 2008.	Silje Wergeland	female
sex or gender	Who In-jung (born 19 April 1974) is a former South Korean male volleyball player.	Who In-jung	male
sex or gender	Tracy-Ann Rowe (born 17 September 1985 in Manchester, Jamaica) is a female track and field sprinter from Jamaica, who competes in the 100 metres and 200 metres.	Tracy-Ann Rowe	female
sex or gender	Anne Statt (married Anne Skovgaard) is a retired female badminton player from England, who later started for Denmark.	Anne Statt	female
sex or gender	Amy Gore (b. December 18) is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist and founding member of the all-female band the Gore Gore Girls from Detroit, Michigan.	Amy Gore	female
sex or gender	Dorota Świeniewicz (born 27 July 1972) is a female Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland women's national volleyball team in 1991--2009, double European Champion (2003, 2005), Polish Champion (1996, 2010), Italian Champion (2003, 2005).	Dorota Świeniewicz	female
sex or gender	Brian Vetter is a retired male lacrosse player who played midfield for the Chesapeake Bayhawks and the Philadelphia Barrage of Major League Lacrosse.	Brian Vetter	male
sex or gender	Faith Idehen (born May 2, 1973) is a retired female sprinter from Nigeria.	Faith Idehen	female
sex or gender	Božidara Turzonovová is a daughter of a female medician from Serbia and a reputable architect with origins in Macedonia (near Thessaloniki).	Božidara Turzonovová	female
sex or gender	Allegra Lapi (born 8 September 1985) is an Italian female former water polo player.	Allegra Lapi	female
sex or gender	Upon the death of Johann Berenberg's brother Cornelius in 1773, the Berenberg family became extinct in the male line and Johann Hinrich Gossler became the company's sole owner.	Johann Hinrich Gossler	male
sex or gender	Iga Klesyk is a Polish female acrobatic gymnast.	Iga Klesyk	female
sex or gender	Haji Ally (born May 25, 1968) is a retired male boxer from Tanzania, who represented his native East African country as a bantamweight at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Haji Ally	male
sex or gender	Diana Prazak is a professional female boxer from Australia.	Diana Prazak	female
sex or gender	Jael Uribe Elizabeth Medina is best known as Jael Uribe (Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, February 10, 1975) is a writer, storyteller, poet and painter creator of the female poetic foundation named Women Poets International.	Jael Uribe	female
sex or gender	Begünhan Elif Ünsal (born January 4, 1993) is a Turkish female archer.	Begünhan Elif Ünsal	female
sex or gender	Hitomi Kaneko (金子仁美) is a female Japanese classical music composer.	Hitomi Kaneko	female
sex or gender	Kim Guy-hyun (Korean: 김귀현; born 12 January 1975) is a retired South Korean female volleyball player.	Kim Guy-hyun	female
sex or gender	Andrey Moruyev (Russian: Андрей Моруев; born 6 May 1970 in Petrozavodsk, Republic of Karelia) is a retired male javelin thrower from Russia.	Andrey Moruyev	male
sex or gender	Tatyana Ragozina (Ukrainian: Тетяна Рагозіна; born September 3, 1964) is a retired female race walker from Ukraine, who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.	Tatyana Ragozina	female
sex or gender	Ren Liping (simplified Chinese: 任丽萍; traditional Chinese: 任麗萍; pinyin: Rèn Lìpíng; born October 21, 1978 in Beijing) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Ren Liping	female
sex or gender	Abrotelia (fl. 5th century B.C.E.) was a female Pythagorean philosopher.	Abrotelia	female
sex or gender	María Romary Rifka González (born 23 December 1970 in Poza Rica, Veracruz) is a female Mexican high jumper.	Romary Rifka	female
sex or gender	Mary Hall (August 16, 1843 -- November 15, 1927) was the first female lawyer in Connecticut, and also a poet, a suffragist, and a philanthropist.	Mary Hall	female
sex or gender	Sara Keçeci (born October 21, 1994) is a Turkish-Danish female handballer playing in goalkeeper position.	Sara Keçeci	female
sex or gender	Awatef Rasheed (Arabic: عواطف تركي رشيد‎; born 1956 in Basra, Iraq) is an Iraqi Canadian writer, secular women's rights activist, and the first Iraqi female recipient of Femmy Award.	Awatef Rasheed	female
sex or gender	Seth Burnham (born May 31, 1977 in Santa Cruz, California) is a male beach volleyball and volleyball player from the United States who participated at the NORCECA Circuit 2009 at Manzanillo playing with Marcin Jagoda.	Seth Burnham	male
sex or gender	Sofia Ionescu-Ogrezeanu (25 April 1920 -- 21 March 2008) was a Romanian neurosurgeon and is considered one of the first female neurosurgeons in the world.	Sofia Ionescu	female
sex or gender	Marijke Schaar (born 12 November 1944), also known under her maiden name Marijke Jansen, is a former Dutch female tennis player who was active during the 1960s and 70s.	Marijke Schaar	female
sex or gender	Viktoriya Kutuzova (, born 19 August 1988) is a former female tennis player from Ukraine.	Viktoriya Kutuzova	female
sex or gender	Lee Bo-ra (born 16 August 1986) is a South Korean female speed skater.	Lee Bo-ra	female
sex or gender	Miki Kanie (born December 4, 1988, in Gifu) is a Japanese female archer.	Miki Kanie	female
sex or gender	Shortly after the discovery of Windeby I, another bog body (an adult male) was found nearby and dubbed Windeby II.	Windeby I	male
sex or gender	Paula Todoran (born June 9, 1985 in Zalău) is a female long-distance runner from Romania.	Paula Todoran	female
sex or gender	She was described by The Observer as ''a rare female face in the male-dominated world of dubstep, Ikonika melds the genre's juddering bass with Aphex Twin-style melodic mischief-making.	Ikonika	female
sex or gender	Kathryn J. DuFour (March 19, 1910 -- February 4, 2005) was the first female judge in the Maryland Circuit Courts.	Kathryn J. DuFour	female
sex or gender	Jean Sayegh (born June 28, 1981 in Lebanon) is a male water polo player from Canada.	Jean Sayegh	male
sex or gender	Zhong Weiping (simplified Chinese: 仲维萍; traditional Chinese: 仲維萍; pinyin: Zhòng Wéipíng; born October 23, 1981 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese épée fencer.	Zhong Weiping	female
sex or gender	Shannon Faulkner, born in Powdersville, South Carolina, United States, graduated from Wren High School in 1993, was the first female cadet to enter The Citadel.	Shannon Faulkner	female
sex or gender	Marise Kruger (born 17 July 1958) is a former South African female tennis player who was active in the second half of the 1970s.	Marise Kruger	female
sex or gender	Andrei Sartassov (born 10 November 1975) is a male road racing cyclist from Russia, but now racing under a Chilean licence.	Andrei Sartassov	male
sex or gender	Maureen Flowers (born 6 December 1945) was for many years the number-one female darts player in the 1970s and the 1980s.	Maureen Flowers	female
sex or gender	Venera Getova (Bulgarian: Венера Гетова, born 13 December 1980 in Pleven) is a female discus thrower from Bulgaria.	Venera Getova	female
sex or gender	Teresa Wintermyr is a Swedish female kickboxer and former model, based in Phuket, Thailand.	Teresa Wintermyr	female
sex or gender	Bettina Sabatini (born March 21, 1966 in Aalborg, Denmark) is a retired female marathon runner from Italy.	Bettina Sabatini	female
sex or gender	Henrietta Bell Wells (October 11, 1912 -- February 27, 2008) was the first female member of the debate team at historically black Wiley College in Texas.	Henrietta Bell Wells	female
sex or gender	Jin Yang (simplified Chinese: 金杨; traditional Chinese: 金楊; pinyin: Jīn Yáng; born in Harbin) is a Chinese male pair skater.	Jin Yang	male
sex or gender	She also ran the Ministries of Labor and Health, founded and ran the charitable Eva Perón Foundation, championed women's suffrage in Argentina, and founded and ran the nation's first large-scale female political party, the Female Peronist Party.	Eva Perón	female
sex or gender	Houn Jiyu-Kennett (Japanese: 法雲慈友ケネット, January 1, 1924 -- November 6, 1996), born Peggy Teresa Nancy Kennett, was a British roshi most famous for having been the first female to be sanctioned by the Soto School of Japan to teach in the West.	Houn Jiyu-Kennett	female
sex or gender	Herta Oberheuser was the only female defendant in the Nuremberg Medical Trial, where she was sentenced to 20 years in jail.	Herta Oberheuser	female
sex or gender	Modesto Lara Arias (born October 29, 1973) is a male judoka from the Dominican Republic, who won the silver medal in the men's extra lightweight division (-- 60 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.	Modesto Lara	male
sex or gender	Dani Behr is a graduate of the Sylvia Young Theatre School, and was discovered by Pet Shop Boys manager Tom Watkins, who put her in his female Bros concept, Faith Hope & Charity singing alongside Diana Barrand and future Xpansions star Sally Ann Marsh, signed to the WEA record company.	Dani Behr	female
sex or gender	Tatsiana Hramyka (April 4, 1986) is a Belarusian female weightlifter.	Tatsiana Hramyka	female
sex or gender	Kamila Ganszczyk (born 2 December 1991) is a Polish female volleyball player, playing as a middle-blocker.	Kamila Ganszczyk	female
sex or gender	Amalia Assur (1803--1889) was the first female dentist in Sweden.	Amalia Assur	female
sex or gender	Melahat Eryurt, (October 27, 1975 in Hannover, West Germany), is a Turkish female footballer.	Melahat Eryurt	female
sex or gender	Kiplimo Kimutai (born December 10, 1981) is a male long-distance runner from Kenya.	Kiplimo Kimutai	male
sex or gender	Evangelia Xinou (Greek: Ευαγγελία Ξυνού; born November 22, 1981 in Athens) is a female Greek race walker.	Evangelia Xinou	female
sex or gender	Virgil Severns (born May 22, 1929) is a former male high jumper from the United States, who competed in the 1940s and 1950s.	Virgil Severns	male
sex or gender	Although Rachilde was married to a man, her experience was not that typical of a cisgender, heterosexual female.	Rachilde	female
sex or gender	Fatih Üçüncü (born March 14, 1989 in Samsun, Turkey) is a male wrestler from Turkey competing in the 55 kg division of Greco-Roman style.	Fatih Üçüncü	male
sex or gender	Hicham Arazi (Arabic: هشام أرازي‎; born 19 October 1973) is a former male tennis player from Morocco.	Hicham Arazi	male
sex or gender	Jilloo Maa was a female actor in Bollywood Hindi films based in Mumbai, India.	Jilloo Maa	female
sex or gender	In 1989, the Guerilla Girls, an anonymous group of feminist, female artists, recognized Nellie Mae Rowe along the ranks of the Frida Kahlo, Edmonia Lewis, and Georgia O'Keeffe.	Nellie Mae Rowe	female
sex or gender	The Three Musketeers, Goofy and Clarabelle seem to have affections for one another; perhaps as an attempt for Disney to give Goofy a girlfriend to match his two male co-stars.	Goofy	male
sex or gender	Biplab Chatterjee is a Bengali Indian male actor and director of television and films.	Biplab Chatterjee	male
sex or gender	Manuela Priemer (born November 19, 1978 in Weiden in der Oberpfalz, Bavaria) is a retired female hammer thrower from Germany.	Manuela Priemer	female
sex or gender	Amy Eilberg (born October 12, 1954) is the first female rabbi ordained in Conservative Judaism.	Amy Eilberg	female
sex or gender	Solé started her career as a hardcore female rap/hip-hop artist by attracting attention in the summer of 1999 with her appearance on J.T. Money's hit single ``Who Dat''.	Solé	female
sex or gender	Cao Lei (Chinese: 曹磊; pinyin: Cáo Lěi; born 24 December 1983 in Qinhuangdao, Hebei) is a female Chinese weightlifter.	Cao Lei	female
sex or gender	Christiane Fürst (born March 29, 1985 in Dresden) is a German female volleyball player.	Christiane Fürst	female
sex or gender	Kirill Skachkov is a male table tennis player from Russia.	Kirill Skachkov	male
sex or gender	Sandi Bowen (born 12 February 1976 in Melbourne) is a former Australian female volleyball player.	Sandi Bowen	female
sex or gender	Virginia Liston (1890 -- June 1932) was an American classic female blues and jazz singer.	Virginia Liston	female
sex or gender	Markis Kido (born 11 August 1984 in Jakarta) is a male badminton player from Indonesia, one of the world's leading men's doubles specialists.	Markis Kido	male
sex or gender	Regina Joyce (born February 7, 1957) is a retired female long-distance runner originally from Ireland.	Regina Joyce	female
sex or gender	Megan Sneddon (born 9 September 1985) is a Scottish female footballer who plays for Motherwell Ladies in the SWFL Div 2 SE/West.	Megan Sneddon	female
sex or gender	Kim Kum-ok (born December 9, 1988) is a female long-distance runner from North Korea, who specializes in the half marathon and marathon events.	Kim Kum-ok	female
sex or gender	Azza Attoura is a Syrian female kick boxer.	Azza Attoura	female
sex or gender	Katalin Kelemen is the first female rabbi in Hungary, where she was born.	Katalin Kelemen	female
sport	Philipp Walsleben (born November 19, 1987 in Potsdam) is a German professional cyclo-cross racing cyclist, who competes with the BKCP-Powerplus team.	Philipp Walsleben	cyclo-cross
sport	Liviu-Dieter Nisipeanu (born 1 August 1976) is a Romanian-born German chess grandmaster.	Liviu-Dieter Nisipeanu	chess
sport	Stefán Rafn Sigurmannsson (born 19 May 1990) is an Icelandic handball player who currently plays for Rhein-Neckar Löwen.	Stefán Rafn Sigurmannsson	handball
sport	The LPGA of Korea Tour is a South Korean professional golf tour for women.	LPGA of Korea Tour	golf
sport	The 1977 NSL Cup was the first season of the National Soccer League Cup, which was a national association football (soccer) knockout cup competition in Australia.	1977 NSL Cup	association football
sport	Tibor Pleiß (/plaɪs/, alternative spelling Pleiss; born 2 November 1989) is a German professional basketball player for the Idaho Stampede of the NBA Development League, on assignment from the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Tibor Pleiß	basketball
sport	Warkworth AFC or Warkworth Jennian for sponsorship purposes is a semi-professional association football club in the Warkworth, New Zealand.	Warkworth AFC	association football
sport	Christian Petrus Strauss, (born 28 June 1965 in Upington, South Africa) commonly known as Tiaan Strauss was a rugby footballer who represented both South Africa and Australia at International level in rugby union and also played top-level domestic rugby league in Australia.	Tiaan Strauss	rugby union
sport	Muhammad Roslin Hashim (born 23 October 1975 in Kota Bharu, Kelantan) is a retired Malaysian former World No.1 professional badminton player.	Roslin Hashim	badminton
sport	Kerry-Anne Guse (4 December 1972) is an Australian tennis player.	Kerry-Anne Guse	tennis
sport	Vicki Daldy (born 24 October 1966) is a retired Australian women's basketball player, who represented the country at both junior and senior levels.	Vicki Daldy	basketball
sport	The Central Florida Warriors are a semi-professional rugby league team based in Deland, Florida.	Central Florida Warriors	rugby league
sport	Jón Loftur Árnason (born 13 November 1960) is an Icelandic chess grandmaster, three-time national champion, and successful businessman.	Jón Loftur Árnason	chess
sport	Tim Horan AM (born 18 May 1970) is a former Australian rugby union footballer.	Tim Horan	rugby union
sport	Harold Solomon (born September 17, 1952) is a former American professional tennis player whose career was during the 1970s and 1980s.	Harold Solomon	tennis
sport	Ružica Meglaj-Rimac (February 15, 1941 - July 11, 1996) was a former Yugoslav and Croatian basketball player born in Croatian-Slovenian family.	Ružica Meglaj-Rimac	basketball
sport	Mathias Patin (born April 25, 1974 in Colombes, Hauts-de-Seine) is a French volleyball player, who won the bronze medal with the France men's national volleyball team at the 2002 World Championships.	Mathias Patin	volleyball
sport	Geoff Platt (born July 10, 1985) is a Canadian-Belarusian ice hockey player, currently playing for CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League.	Geoff Platt	ice hockey
sport	The Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia was a men's professional tennis tournament held annually in Palermo in Italy.	Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia	tennis
sport	Thomas Muster (born 2 October 1967) is a former World No. 1 tennis player from Austria.	Thomas Muster	tennis
sport	Midway Stadium is the name of two different minor league baseball parks in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States, both now demolished.	Midway Stadium	baseball
sport	Eugene Donnelly has been rallying for 30 years.	Eugene Donnelly	rallying
sport	The 2014 Men's Hockey World Cup was the 13th edition of the Hockey World Cup field hockey tournament.	2014 Men's Hockey World Cup	field hockey
sport	Elżbieta Kowalska (born 1 June 1944), née Kłaput, later Lipska, is a Polish chess player who won the Polish Women's Chess Championship in 1967.	Elżbieta Kowalska	chess
sport	The Cleveland Cavaliers, also known as the Cavs, are an American professional basketball team based in Cleveland, Ohio.	Cleveland Cavaliers	basketball
sport	High1 (Korean: 하이원) is a professional ice hockey team based in Goyang, South Korea, and is a member of Asia League Ice Hockey.	High1	ice hockey
sport	Balázs Ladányi (born January 6, 1976 in Dunaújváros, Hungary) is a Hungarian professional ice hockey player.	Balázs Ladányi	ice hockey
sport	The Sydney Blue Sox are a professional baseball team, and one of six foundation teams in the re-formed Australian Baseball League (ABL).	Sydney Blue Sox	baseball
sport	The Kalevan Pallo (KalPa) is a professional ice hockey team who compete in the Finnish Liiga.	KalPa	ice hockey
sport	Andrés Gómez Santos (born February 27, 1960, in Guayaquil, Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian former professional tennis player, best known for winning the Men's Singles title at the French Open in 1990.	Andrés Gómez	tennis
sport	Eric Czerniewski (born March 5, 1988) is an American football quarterback who won the Harlon Hill Trophy as the top player in the NCAA Division II in 2010 in his senior year at University of Central Missouri.	Eric Czerniewski	American football
sport	The Wests Tigers are an Australian professional rugby league football club based in Sydney's Inner West.	Wests Tigers	rugby league
sport	Ashton Rome (born December 31, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger, currently playing for the Schwenninger Wild Wings of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Ashton Rome	ice hockey
sport	The Italian International in badminton is an international open held in Italy since 1995.	Italian International	badminton
sport	Flinder Boyd (born February 12, 1980) is a retired British basketball player born in California to British parents.	Flinder Boyd	basketball
sport	Bryan Chiu (born August 16, 1974 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a retired professional Canadian football player who played centre for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League since the 1997 CFL season.	Bryan Chiu	Canadian football
sport	Keni Doidoi (born 26 November 1976) is an association football player from Fiji.	Keni Doidoi	association football
sport	The 1984 Porsche Grand Prix was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Filderstadt, Germany that was part of the 1984 Virginia Slims World Championship Series.	1984 Porsche Grand Prix	tennis
sport	Marie Wagner (February 2, 1883 -- April 1, 1975 or March 28, 1975) was an American tennis champion.	Marie Wagner	tennis
sport	VfL Bergen is a German association football club from the city of Bergen auf Rügen, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.	VfL Bergen	association football
sport	Canon Sportif de Yaoundé, commonly referred to as Canon Yaoundé, are a Cameroonian association football club based in capital City Yaoundé.	Canon Yaoundé	association football
sport	The Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders are a professional minor league baseball team based in Moosic, Pennsylvania in the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre area.	Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders	baseball
sport	Jared Newman (born March 7, 1982) Lincoln Park, MI, is a former American professional ice hockey player.	Jared Newman	ice hockey
sport	The 1996 World Doubles Cup was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Craiglockhart Tennis Centre in Edinburgh in Scotland that was part of the 1996 WTA Tour.	1996 World Doubles Cup	tennis
sport	Carlijn Welten (born 30 October 1987) is a Dutch field hockey player, born in Utrecht but grown up and living in Heerlen, who plays as a forward for Dutch club Stichtse Cricket en Hockey Club.	Carlijn Welten	field hockey
sport	The 1979 Australian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts at the Kooyong Stadium in Melbourne in Victoria in Australia and was held from 24 December 1979 through 2 January 1980.	1979 Australian Open	tennis
sport	Dirk Brinkmann (born October 2, 1964 in Duisburg, Nordrhein-Westfalen) is a former field hockey player from (West-)Germany, who competed at two Summer Olympics for his native country.	Dirk Brinkmann	field hockey
sport	The 2014 NCAA Division I Tennis Championships were the men's and women's tennis tournaments played concurrently from May 16 to May 21, 2014 in Athens, Georgia on the campus of the University of Georgia.	2014 NCAA Division I Tennis Championships	tennis
sport	Mignonne Meekels (born June 7, 1986, Rotterdam) is a Dutch field hockey player, who plays as a defender for Dutch club HC Rotterdam.	Mignonne Meekels	field hockey
sport	The 2003 Kroger St. Jude International was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Racquet Club of Memphis in Memphis, Tennessee in the United States that was part of the International Series Gold of the 2003 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 2003 WTA Tour.	2003 Kroger St. Jude International	tennis
sport	The Kansas City Open Invitational, which played as the Kansas City Open for most of its history, was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played in the greater Kansas City area in the late 1940s and 1950s.	Kansas City Open Invitational	golf
sport	Frédéric Havas (born May 17, 1973) is a retired volleyball player from France, who earned a total number of 138 caps for the Men's National Team.	Frédéric Havas	volleyball
sport	Sweden women's national football team (Swedish: Damlandslaget) officially represents Sweden in women's association football (soccer).	Sweden women's national football team	association football
sport	The Tunisian Handball Federation (French: Fédération tunisienne de handball) (FTHB) is the national handball association in Tunisia.	Tunisian Handball Federation	handball
sport	François Bouchard (born April 26, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player in the New York Rangers organization.	François Bouchard	ice hockey
sport	Blake Countess (born August 8, 1993) is an American football defensive back for the Auburn Tigers football team.	Blake Countess	American football
sport	Lotte Kiærskou (born June 23, 1975 in Frederikshavn, Nordjylland) is a Danish team handball player and two times Olympic champion.	Lotte Kiærskou	handball
sport	EHC Neuwied is a professional ice hockey team in Neuwied, Germany.	EHC Neuwied	ice hockey
sport	The Italian Basketball Cup (Italian: Coppa Italiana di Pallacanestro), or Coppa Italia, is an annual professional basketball competition between pro clubs from the Italian Basketball League.	Italian Basketball Cup	basketball
sport	The 2008 WAC Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of the 2007-08 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, took place from March 11 to March 15, 2008, at the Pan American Center in Las Cruces, New Mexico.	2008 WAC Men's Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	Dain Blanton (born November 28, 1971 in Laguna Beach, California) is an American beach volleyball player who won the gold metal in Beach Volleyball in the 2000 Olympic Games, with partner Eric Fonoimoana.	Dain Blanton	beach volleyball
sport	The 2011 Asian Tour was the 17th season of the modern Asian Tour, the main men's professional golf tour in Asia excluding Japan, since it was established in 1995.	2011 Asian Tour	golf
sport	Bill Oates (born October 15, 1939) is a retired American basketball coach.	Bill Oates	basketball
sport	Bettina Thiele (born 26 October 1963, in Turstenhagen, Germany) is a retired German athlete who competes in compound archery.	Bettina Thiele	archery
sport	Ndèye Ndiaye (born 2 May 1979 in Dakar) is a Senegalese professional women's basketball player with Tarbes GB of the Ligue Féminine de Basketball.	Ndèye Ndiaye	basketball
sport	Alexandre Menini (born 5 August 1983) is a French rugby union player, who players prop for Top 14 side Toulon.	Alexandre Menini	rugby union
sport	Ignat Zemchenko (Ukrainian: Іґнат Земченко, born April 24, 1992) is a Ukrainian-Russian professional ice hockey player.	Ignat Zemchenko	ice hockey
sport	Carlos Moyá Llompart (Spanish: (ˈkarloz moˈʝa ʎomˈpart), Catalan: Carles Moyà Llompart (ˈkaɾɫəz moˈja ʎomˈpaɾt), born 27 August 1976) is a retired former world no. 1 tennis player from Spain.	Carlos Moyá	tennis
sport	HC Dukla Jihlava, founded in 1956, is an ice hockey team in the Czech Republic.	HC Dukla Jihlava	ice hockey
sport	Nikita Dvurechensky (Russian: Ники́та Двуре́ченский; born July 30, 1991 in Lipetsk) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Vityaz Chekhov of the Kontinental Hockey League.	Nikita Dvurechensky	ice hockey
sport	KK Crvena zvezda (Serbian Cyrillic: КК Црвена звезда, English: Red star Basketball Club) is a professional basketball club based in Belgrade.	KK Crvena zvezda	basketball
sport	The 2001 FAI Cup Final was the deciding match of the 2000-01 FAI Cup, the national association football cup of Ireland.	2001 FAI Cup Final	association football
sport	The 2014 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship Game was the final game of the 2014 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament and determined the national champion for the 2013--14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.	2014 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship Game	basketball
sport	The Victoriaville Tigres are a junior ice hockey team that plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.	Victoriaville Tigres	ice hockey
sport	Mark Koevermans (born 3 February 1968) is a former tennis player from the Netherlands, who turned professional in 1987.	Mark Koevermans	tennis
sport	Sandnes Ulf is a Norwegian association football club from Sandnes, Rogaland, currently playing in First Division, the second highest division in the Norwegian football league system.	Sandnes Ulf	association football
sport	The 1997 ATP Tour World Championships (also known for the doubles event as the Phoenix ATP Tour World Doubles Championship for sponsorship reasons) were tennis tournaments played on indoor hard courts for the singles event, and indoor carpet courts for the doubles event.	1997 ATP Tour World Championships	tennis
sport	Marcus Ragnarsson (born August 13, 1971) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey defenseman.	Marcus Ragnarsson	ice hockey
sport	Goran Prpić (born 4 May 1964) is a former professional tennis player from Croatia who also played for SFR Yugoslavia prior to 1991.	Goran Prpić	tennis
sport	Nathalie Dechy (born 21 February 1979) is a French former professional tour tennis player.	Nathalie Dechy	tennis
sport	True Thailand Classic is a golf tournament, co-sanctioned by the Asian Tour and the European Tour, to be played annually in Thailand.	True Thailand Classic	golf
sport	Andreja Klepač (born 13 March 1986) is a professional Slovenian tennis player.	Andreja Klepač	tennis
sport	Frank Parr (17 December 1918 -- 28 December 2003) was an English chess player, born in Wandsworth.	Frank Parr	chess
sport	The Blue Bulls, for sponsorship reasons known as the Vodacom Blue Bulls, or more popularly by their Afrikaans name die Blou Bulle, is a South African rugby union team that participates in the annual Currie Cup tournament.	Blue Bulls	rugby union
sport	Kelvin West B. Gregorio (born August 13, 1984), better known as Kelvin Gregorio, is a Filipino professional basketball player of the PBA.	Kelvin Gregorio	basketball
sport	Duff Gibson (born August 11, 1966) is a Canadian skeleton racer who competed from 1999 to 2006.	Duff Gibson	skeleton
sport	Mariana Simionescu (born 27 November 1956 in Târgu Neamț) is a retired Romanian tennis player.	Mariana Simionescu	tennis
sport	Mārtiņš Karsums (born February 26, 1986) is a Latvian professional ice hockey player currently playing as a right winger for Dynamo Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Mārtiņš Karsums	ice hockey
sport	Sofia Goncharova (born 7 June 1981 in Chita, Zabaykalsky Krai) is a Russian athlete who competes in compound archery.	Sofia Goncharova	archery
sport	Sanda Bouba Oumarou (born 1 January 1958) is a basketball player and sports administrator from the Central African Republic.	Sanda Bouba Oumarou	basketball
sport	The European Club Association (ECA) is a body representing the interests of association football clubs in UEFA.	European Club Association	association football
sport	The Vaqueros Laguna (English: Laguna Cowboys) are a AAA-level baseball team playing in the Mexican League.	Vaqueros Laguna	baseball
sport	Kari Mette Johansen (born January 11, 1979) is a Norwegian team handball player, a two time Olympic champion, once a world champion and four times European champion.	Kari Mette Johansen	handball
sport	The European Golden Shoe, formerly known as the European Golden Boot, is an association football award presented each season to the leading goalscorer in league matches from the top division of every European national league.	European Golden Shoe	association football
sport	Tomas Piñas Bermudez (born 8 July 1982 in Granada) is a class 3 wheel chair using table tennis player from Spain.	Tomas Piñas	table tennis
sport	The Cyclo-cross Koppenberg is a cyclo-cross race held in Oudenaarde, Belgium, which is part of the BPost Bank Trophy (previously called Cyclo-cross Gazet van Antwerpen).	Cyclo-cross Koppenberg	cyclo-cross
sport	Josef Vašíček (English /ˈjoʊsɛf ˈvɑːʃiːtʃɛk/; 12 September 1980 -- 7 September 2011) was a Czech professional ice hockey player.	Josef Vašíček	ice hockey
sport	Jérôme Schuster (born 29 June 1985 in Perpignan) is a professional French rugby union prop currently playing for Tarbes in the Pro D2.	Jérôme Schuster	rugby union
sport	The French Football Federation (FFF) (French: Fédération Française de Football) is the governing body of association football in France, as well as the overseas departments and territories (Guadeloupe, French Guyana, Martinique, Mayotte and Réunion).	French Football Federation	association football
sport	The 2011 Maui Invitational Tournament was an early-season college basketball tournament played from November 11 to November 23, 2011.	2011 Maui Invitational Tournament	basketball
sport	Nikola Vujčić (born June 14, 1978) is a Croatian former professional basketball player and currently a team manager of Maccabi Tel Aviv.	Nikola Vujčić	basketball
sport	AfroBasket 2009 was the 25th FIBA Africa Championship, played under the auspices of the Fédération Internationale de Basketball, the basketball sport governing body, and the African zone thereof.	AfroBasket 2009	basketball
sport	Olympia Heist op den Berg is a Belgian ice hockey team in the city of Heist-op-den-Berg.	Olympia Heist op den Berg	ice hockey
sport	The Kitchener Greenshirts name has been used by five separate ice hockey teams playing in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.	Kitchener Greenshirts	ice hockey
sport	Slopestyle became an Olympic event, in both skiing and snowboarding forms, at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia.	Slopestyle	snowboarding
sport	The IHF Men's Youth World Championship is the official competition for men's national handball teams under-19, has been organized by the International Handball Federation since 2005.	IHF Men's Youth World Championship	handball
sport	The 2005 Norwegian Figure Skating Championships were the Norwegian Figure Skating Championships of the 2004-2005 figure skating season.	2005 Norwegian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Brittany Chambers (born April 3, 1991) is an American basketball player who plays professionally in Spain.	Brittany Chambers	basketball
sport	The Scandinavian Defense (or Center Counter Defense) is a chess opening characterized by the moves: 1.	Scandinavian Defense	chess
sport	Per Henricsson (born 9 August 1969, Stockholm, Sweden), is a former professional tennis player from Sweden.	Per Henricsson	tennis
sport	Yordan Bozov (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Йордан Бозов) (born 25 January 1979 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian basketball player, who is currently under contract with Rilski Sportist.	Yordan Bozov	basketball
sport	The Ciudad del Motor de Aragón, also known as Motorland Aragón, is a 5.344 km (3.321 mi) motorsport race track located near Alcañiz, Spain.	Ciudad del Motor de Aragón	motorsport
sport	The 1996 Wismilak International was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Surabaya in Indonesia that was part of Tier IV of the 1996 WTA Tour.	1996 Wismilak International	tennis
sport	FINA currently oversees competition in five aquatics sports: swimming, diving, synchronized swimming, water polo and open water swimming.	FINA	water polo
sport	Cricket Viktoria Magdeburg was a German association football club playing in the Cracau district of Magdeburg, Saxony-Anhalt.	Cricket Viktoria Magdeburg	association football
sport	Nemanja Petrić (born 28 July 1987) is a Serbian volleyball player, a member of Serbia men's national volleyball team and Italian club DHL Modena Volley, bronze medalist of European Championship 2013, medalist of the World League.	Nemanja Petrić	volleyball
sport	Josep Franch de Pablo (born 28 January 1991) is a Spanish professional basketball player currently playing for Club Melilla Baloncesto of the LEB Oro league.	Josep Franch	basketball
sport	Along with the 400 m long-track speed skating oval the Olympic Oval also includes two international-sized ice rinks for short-track speed skating and ice hockey, as well as a 450 m running track surrounding the main oval and an eight-lane 110 m sprint track for year-round athletics training.	Olympic Oval	ice hockey
sport	Maguire University is a fictitious college invented in 1963 by a group of Chicago high school basketball coaches, for the sole purpose of securing tickets to the NCAA Final Four.	Maguire University	basketball
sport	The 2009 MAAC Men's Basketball Tournament was an NCAA college basketball tournament held at the Times Union Center in Albany, New York on March 6--9, 2009, to decide the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference champion.	2009 MAAC Men's Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	Noliko Maaseik is a Belgian volleyball club from the city Maaseik.	Noliko Maaseik	volleyball
sport	The Pembroke Lumber Kings are a Junior ``A'' ice hockey team from Pembroke, Ontario, Canada.	Pembroke Lumber Kings	ice hockey
sport	Pauline Ferrand-Prévot (born 10 February 1992 in Reims) is a French multi-discipline bicycle racer who competes in road, cyclo-cross and cross-country mountain biking.	Pauline Ferrand-Prévot	cyclo-cross	mountain biking
sport	The Triple-A All-Star Game is an annual baseball game sanctioned by Minor League Baseball between professional players from the two Triple-A leagues in minor league baseball--the International League (IL) and the Pacific Coast League (PCL).	Triple-A All-Star Game	baseball
sport	Risto Siltanen (born October 31, 1958 in Mänttä, Finland) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman.	Risto Siltanen	ice hockey
sport	Jan Bobrovský (March 29, 1945 Rosice) is a former Czechoslovak basketball player, coach and sports official.	Jan Bobrovský	basketball
sport	Yoann Huget ((jo.an y.ʒe); born 2 June 1987) is a French rugby union player.	Yoann Huget	rugby union
sport	Jarvis Lang (born June 25, 1971) is an American former professional basketball player.	Jarvis Lang	basketball
sport	The 2007 Pattaya Women's Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts.	2007 Pattaya Women's Open	tennis
sport	Zuzana Tomčíková (born April 23, 1988) is a member of the Slovakia women's national ice hockey team and also plays for the Bemidji State Beavers.	Zuzana Tomčíková	ice hockey
sport	Mirza Begić (born July 9, 1985) is a Bosnian-born Slovenian professional basketball player who currently plays for Dominion Bilbao Basket of the Liga ACB.	Mirza Begić	basketball
sport	The Boucs de Megève (official name: Club des Sports de Megève) are an ice hockey team in Megève, France.	Club des Sports de Megève	ice hockey
sport	The 2010 European Baseball Championship was an international baseball competition being held in Germany from July 23 to August 1, 2010.	2010 European Baseball Championship	baseball
sport	The Springfield Spirit was a women's professional basketball team in the National Women's Basketball League (NWBL).	Springfield Spirit	basketball
sport	The Calgary Hitmen are a major junior ice hockey team based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Calgary Hitmen	ice hockey
sport	Djalil Narjissi (Arabic: دجاليل نرجسي‎; born 18 January 1980) is a Moroccan rugby union footballer who currently plays in the Top 14, for Agen.	Djalil Narjissi	rugby union
sport	Wolfgang Popp (born 19 May 1959), is a former professional tennis player from Germany.	Wolfgang Popp	tennis
sport	Martin Gendron (born February 15, 1974 in Salaberry-de-Valleyfield, Quebec) is a Canadian former ice hockey forward.	Martin Gendron	ice hockey
sport	Derek MacKenzie (born June 11, 1981) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player and an alternate captain for the National Hockey League's Florida Panthers.	Derek MacKenzie	ice hockey
sport	Scott Fava (born 19 January 1976 in Kiama, Australia) is an Australian retired rugby union footballer.	Scott Fava	rugby union
sport	The 2007 Rugby World Cup Final was a rugby union match, played on Saturday, 20 October 2007 at the Stade de France, Saint-Denis, Paris.	2007 Rugby World Cup Final	rugby union
sport	Andy Ibáñez Velázquez (born April 3, 1993) is a Cuban professional baseball infielder.	Andy Ibáñez	baseball
sport	Olavo Yépez Obando (born 20 August 1937, San Gabriel, Carchi) is an Ecuadorian chess master.	Olavo Yépez	chess
sport	The Arkansas RiverBlades was a short-lived minor-league ice hockey team located in North Little Rock, Arkansas.	Arkansas RiverBlades	ice hockey
sport	Rašid Mahalbašić (born 7 November 1990) is a Slovenian-born Austrian professional basketball player of Bosniak ethnicity.	Rašid Mahalbašić	basketball
sport	Gunther Cunningham (born June 19, 1946) is the American football senior coaching assistant for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL).	Gunther Cunningham	American football
sport	Kevin van Wijk (born April 17, 1989) is a Dutch basketball player who plays for Unión Financiera Baloncesto Oviedo in the LEB Oro league.	Kevin van Wijk	basketball
sport	Michalis Tsairelis (alternate spellings: Michail, Michailis, Mihalis) (Greek: Μιχάλης Τσαϊρέλης; born February 23, 1988) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Michalis Tsairelis	basketball
sport	The 2014 FC Ordabasy season was the 12th season back in the Kazakhstan Premier League, the highest tier of association football in Kazakhstan, following their promotion from to the Kazakhstan First Division in 2003.	2014 FC Ordabasy season	association football
sport	Kennedy McIntosh (January 21, 1949 -- March 6, 2009) was an American professional basketball player whose NBA career lasted from 1971-1975.	Kennedy McIntosh	basketball
sport	Irma Luyting (born 1 January 1975) is a retired Dutch athlete who competes in compound archery.	Irma Luyting	archery
sport	The Ottawa Swans are an Australian rules football club based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Ottawa Swans	Australian rules football
sport	The Algerian Women's Championship (Arabic: كأس الجزائر للسيدات‎) is a women's association football competition in Algeria.	Algerian Women's Championship	association football
sport	Carlo Checchinato (born 30 August 1970 in Adria, Province of Rovigo) was an Italian rugby union player and is the current team manager for the Italian national team.	Carlo Checchinato	rugby union
sport	Erich Weinitschke (born 1910) was a German chess master.	Erich Weinitschke	chess
sport	Amir Saoud (born January 18, 1991 in Beirut Lebanon) is a Lebanese professional basketball player currently playing for Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut in the Lebanese Basketball League.	Amir Saoud	basketball
sport	The Chess Federation of Canada or CFC (French name: Fédération canadienne des échecs) is Canada's national chess organization.	Chess Federation of Canada	chess
sport	Mike New (born February 12, 1968) is a former American basketball forward-center for the Milton Keynes Lions of the British Basketball League.	Mike New	basketball
sport	Düsseldorfer EG (short DEG) is a German professional ice hockey team in Düsseldorf.	Düsseldorfer EG	ice hockey
sport	Henry Alexander Kendall Simmons (born March 11, 1979 in Ripley, Mississippi) is a retired American football guard.	Kendall Simmons	American football
sport	Ersan Özseven (born August 23, 1983 in İstanbul) is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays for KB RTV 21 in Kosovo.	Ersan Özseven	basketball
sport	Charlotte Morel (born 16 January 1989 in Draguignan, Var), is a French professional triathlete, twelve times National Champion in various duathlon and triathlon categories (cadette, junior, espoir), e.g. National U23 Triathlon Champion of the years 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012.	Charlotte Morel	triathlon
sport	Lotos Trefl Gdańsk is a Polish volleyball team, based in Gdańsk.	Lotos Trefl Gdańsk	volleyball
sport	The Kingsmill Championship is a women's professional golf tournament on the LPGA Tour, played in Williamsburg, Virginia.	Kingsmill Championship	golf
sport	Vytautas Šarakauskas (born 8 February 1982 in Vilnius, Lithuanian SSR) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player currently playing for BC Neptūnas.	Vytautas Šarakauskas	basketball
sport	Bahrenfelder SV is a German association football club from Bahrenfeld in the western quarter of the city of Hamburg.	Bahrenfelder SV	association football
sport	The Washington Redskins are a professional American football team located in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area.	Washington Redskins	American football
sport	Tvin Carole Moumjoghlian (born July 21, 1989 in Beirut) is a Lebanese table tennis player currently playing for Homenetmen Beirut.	Tvin Carole Moumjoghlian	table tennis
sport	Francisco Maciel García (born 7 January 1964 in Santiago de Querétaro, Querétaro Arteaga) is a former tennis player from Mexico.	Francisco Maciel	tennis
sport	Younes Khattabi (born 28 March 1984 in Rabat, Morocco) is a Moroccan rugby league player currently playing for Carpentras in the French Elite One Championship competition.	Younes Khattabi	rugby league
sport	The Tri-Series in Sri Lanka in 2009 is a One Day International cricket tournament which was held in Sri Lanka from 8 September to 14 September 2009.	Tri-Series in Sri Lanka in 2009	cricket
sport	Sean Bentivoglio (born October 16, 1985 in Thorold, Ontario), is a professional ice hockey forward currently playing for HC Asiago of Italy's Serie A.	Sean Bentivoglio	ice hockey
sport	Marijo Strahonja is a Croatian association football referee who currently officiates in the Prva HNL as well as UEFA competitions such as the European Champions League and the Europa League.	Marijo Strahonja	association football
sport	Mike Ruddock, OBE (born 5 September 1959 in Blaina) is a Welsh rugby union coach, currently coach of the Ireland Under-20 Rugby Union Team and Lansdowne FC .	Mike Ruddock	rugby union
sport	Lin Yue (simplified Chinese: 林跃; traditional Chinese: 林躍; pinyin: Lín Yuè); born July 24, 1991) is a Chinese athlete who competes in diving.	Lin Yue	diving
sport	The ITF Women's Circuit is a series of professional tennis tournaments run by the International Tennis Federation for female professional tennis players.	ITF Women's Circuit	tennis
sport	The Match des Champions, is an ice hockey competition in France.	Match des Champions	ice hockey
sport	Petr Korbel (born 6 June 1971 in Havířov, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech table tennis player who has competed in five Olympics from 1992 to 2008.	Petr Korbel	table tennis
sport	Patrick Munro (9 October 1883 -- 3 May 1942), also known as Pat Munro, was a British Conservative politician and international rugby union player.	Patrick Munro	rugby union
sport	Marco Mordente (born January 7, 1979) is an Italian basketball player who last played for Juvecaserta Basket and whose role is point guard; his height is 192 cm and his weight is 91 kg.	Marco Mordente	basketball
sport	The BPost Bank Trophy (Dutch: BPost Bank Trofee) is a series of cyclo-cross races organised by the BPost bank which until 2011--2012 was known as the Gazet van Antwerpen Trofee.	BPost Bank Trophy	cyclo-cross
sport	Rene Morgan La Montagne, Sr. (1856--1910) was treasurer and director of E. Montagne's Sons, a champion polo player, and one of the founders of the Rockaway Hunt Club in Cedarhurst, New York on Long Island.	Rene Morgan La Montagne, Sr.	polo
sport	Rashid Latif (Urdu: راشد لطیف‎; born 14 October 1968) is a former Pakistani wicket keeper and a right-handed batsman who represented the Pakistani cricket team in Test cricket and One Day International matches, between 1992 and 2003.	Rashid Latif	cricket
sport	The EurAsia Cup presented by DRB-HICOM is a biennial men's professional team golf tournament between teams representing Europe and Asia.	EurAsia Cup	golf
sport	The 2012 Asian Baseball Championship is an international baseball competition to be held in Taiwan from November 28 to December 2, 2012.	2012 Asian Baseball Championship	baseball
sport	Edhi Handoko (August 28, 1960 -- February 17, 2009) was an Indonesian chess grandmaster and four-time winner of the Indonesian Chess Championship.	Edhi Handoko	chess
sport	Daryl Clark (born 10 February 1993) is an English professional rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Warrington as a hooker.	Daryl Clark	rugby league
sport	Kathleen Smet (born 19 January 1970 in Beveren) is an athlete from Belgium who competes in triathlon, becoming European champion in 2000 and 2002.	Kathleen Smet	triathlon
sport	Luka Bogdanović (Serbian: Лука Богдановић, born February 11, 1985) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for MoraBanc Andorra of the Liga ACB.	Luka Bogdanović	basketball
sport	Sampaio Corrêa Futebol Clube, usually known as Sampaio Corrêa, is a Brazilian association football club from São Luís, Maranhão state, founded on March 25, 1923.	Sampaio Corrêa Futebol Clube	association football
sport	The 1979 Challenge Cup was a series of international ice hockey games between the Soviet Union national ice hockey team and a team of All-Stars from the National Hockey League.	1979 Challenge Cup	ice hockey
sport	The 2011 World Sprint Speed Skating Championships were a long track speed skating event held on 22 and 23 January 2011 in Thialf, Heerenveen, Netherlands.	2011 World Sprint Speed Skating Championships	long track speed skating
sport	The USWA World Tag Team Championship was a tag team championship in the Memphis, Tennessee-based professional wrestling promotion, the United States Wrestling Association (USA).	USWA World Tag Team Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Masami Taniguchi (谷口雅美 Taniguchi Masami, born September 17, 1976) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous.	Masami Taniguchi	volleyball
sport	Daniel Hourcade (born San Miguel de Tucumán, 1958) is an Argentine rugby union coach and former player.	Daniel Hourcade	rugby union
sport	ASV Durlach is a German association football club from the borough of Durlach in the city of Karlsruhe, Baden-Württemberg.	ASV Durlach	association football
sport	The 1988 Dow Classic was a women's tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Edgbaston Priory Club in Birmingham in England and was part of Tier IV of the 1988 WTA Tour.	1988 Dow Classic	tennis
sport	Lee Falardeau (born July 22, 1983) is an American former professional ice hockey center who played in the American Hockey League (AHL) and ECHL.	Lee Falardeau	ice hockey
sport	The 1953 NBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game played on January 13, 1953 at Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne, Indiana, home of the Fort Wayne Pistons.	1953 NBA All-Star Game	basketball
sport	James Desmarais (born May 4, 1979) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing hockey for the Belfast Giants in the Elite Ice Hockey League.	James Desmarais	ice hockey
sport	The 2013 Foxtel Cup was the third season of the Australian rules football knock-out cup competition involving clubs from the various state league competitions from around Australia.	2013 Foxtel Cup	Australian rules football
sport	Fabienne Kohlmann (born November 6, 1989 in Würzburg, Bavaria) is a German track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles and the 800 metres.	Fabienne Kohlmann	800 metres
sport	Nijmegen Devils is an ice hockey club in Nijmegen, Netherlands.	Nijmegen Devils	ice hockey
sport	Philipp Huspek (born 5 February 1991) is an Austrian professional association football player currently playing for LASK Linz on loan from SK Rapid Wien.	Philipp Huspek	association football
sport	Michel Therrien (born November 4, 1963) is a Canadian ice hockey coach, who is currently the head coach of the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Michel Therrien	ice hockey
sport	Naomi van As (born 26 July 1983) is a Dutch field hockey player who plays as a forward/midfield for a Dutch club MHC Laren.	Naomi van As	field hockey
sport	Boldklubben Femina (also known as BK Femina or Femina) is a women's association football team that play in Gladsaxe, Denmark.	Boldklubben Femina	association football
sport	Eric Stevens (born October 1, 1989) is an American football fullback.	Eric Stevens	American football
sport	Andrea Moretti (born 13 November 1972 in Mantova) is a former Italian rugby union player and a current assistant coach.	Andrea Moretti	rugby union
sport	Félix Javier Pérez Rivera (May 31, 1971 -- September 21, 2005) was a Puerto Rican basketball player and a member of the Puerto Rican national basketball team.	Félix Javier Pérez	basketball
sport	The Arab Nations Basketball Championship for Men or simply ANBC is a regional basketball tournament which takes place every two years between men's national teams of Arab world.	Arab Nations Basketball Championship	basketball
sport	Aristide Gromer (Dunkirk, 11 April 1908 -- ?) was a French chess master.	Aristide Gromer	chess
sport	Kareem Jamar (born October 16, 1992) is an American basketball player, who recently completed his college career at the University of Montana where in 2013 he was named an honorable mention All-American and Big Sky Conference Player of the Year.	Kareem Jamar	basketball
sport	Wang Liqin (simplified Chinese: 王励勤; traditional Chinese: 王勵勤; pinyin: Wáng Lìqín; born June 18, 1978, Shanghai) is a retired Chinese table tennis player.	Wang Liqin	table tennis
sport	The 2014 Tuvalu A-Division is the 14th season of top flight association football in Tuvalu.	2014 Tuvalu A-Division	association football
sport	Kim Won-jung (Korean: 김원중 born December 18, 1984 in Seoul) is a Korean professional ice hockey right winger.	Kim Won-jung	ice hockey
sport	Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Ricky Hatton, billed as Undefeated, was a boxing superfight that took place on December 8, 2007, at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, between reigning WBC & The Ring welterweight champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. and reigning The Ring light welterweight champion Ricky Hatton.	Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Ricky Hatton	boxing
sport	The 1995 Internazionali Femminili di Palermo was a tennis Tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Palermo in Italy that was part of Tier IV of the 1995 WTA Tour.	1995 Internazionali Femminili di Palermo	tennis
sport	The LEN Champions League is the premier European water polo club competition with teams from up to 18 different countries.	LEN Champions League	water polo
sport	Golf equipment encompasses the various items that are used to play the sport of golf.	Golf equipment	golf
sport	Vladimir Kramar (Russian: Владимир Крамарь; born April 14, 1993) is a Russian professional ice hockey goalie currently playing for the Barys Astana.	Vladimir Kramar	ice hockey
sport	The 2010 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship Game was the finals of the 2010 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament and determined the National Champion for the 2009-10 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.	2010 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship Game	basketball
sport	Dávid Szabó is a Hungarian volleyball player.	Dávid Szabó	volleyball
sport	Adewale Ogunleye (/ˌɑːdeɪˈwɑːleɪ oʊɡuːnˈleɪjeɪ/; born August 9, 1977) is a former American football defensive end who played eleven seasons in the National Football League (NFL).	Adewale Ogunleye	American football
sport	The Olmecas de Tabasco (English: Tabasco Olmecs) are a AAA-level baseball team based in Tabasco playing in the Mexican League.	Olmecas de Tabasco	baseball
sport	The Club Olympique de Kélibia (Arabic: نادى الاولمبي القليبي‎, often referred to as COK) is one of the Tunisian volleyball clubs it represent the region of Cap Bon in the national competitions and also the country in international volleyball competitions the club team was based in Kélibia since the year 1957.	Club Olympique de Kélibia	volleyball
sport	Umbro is the official supplier and sponsor of numerous association football teams, players and associations, including:	Umbro	association football
sport	Victoria Montero is a Mexican athlete that competes in badminton.	Victoria Montero	badminton
sport	Julien Malzieu (born 4 May 1983 in Le Puy-en-Velay, Auvergne) is a French rugby union and sevens player for Montpellier in the Top 14 competition.	Julien Malzieu	rugby union
sport	James Roby (born 22 November 1985 in Whiston, Merseyside) is an English professional rugby league footballer for St. Helens of Super League.	James Roby	rugby league
sport	Vadim Milov (born 1 August 1972 in Ufa) is a Swiss grandmaster of chess.	Vadim Milov	chess
sport	Kristina Kim (born September 4, 1989 in Kyzylorda, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian taekwondo practitioner.	Kristina Kim	taekwondo
sport	The Adelaide 36ers (also well known as the Sixers) are an Australian professional men's basketball team that competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).	Adelaide 36ers	basketball
sport	Robert Bina (born January 4, 1983), commonly known as Robbie Bina, is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who plays for the Grizzly Adams Wolfsburg of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Robbie Bina	ice hockey
sport	Alex Stepheson (pronounced Steevis-son; born August 7, 1987) is an American professional basketball player for the Iowa Energy of the NBA Development League.	Alex Stepheson	basketball
sport	Priscila Tommy, born 23 May 1991, is a ni-Vanuatu table tennis player.	Priscila Tommy	table tennis
sport	Belinda Snell (born 10 January 1981) is an Australian women's basketball player from Mirboo North in country Victoria, Australia.	Belinda Snell	basketball
sport	Alexander Goloshchapov (born 25 January 1978) is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster (1999) and FIDE Senior Trainer (2015).	Alexander Goloshchapov	chess
sport	Sailosi Tagicakibau (born 14 November 1982 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a rugby union footballer who plays at wing for Wasps in the Aviva Premiership.	Sailosi Tagicakibau	rugby union
sport	The Laura Aspis Prize (also referred to as the Aspis Prize or Aspis Award) was an award in the game of chess.	Laura Aspis Prize	chess
sport	DHC Sokol Poruba is a Czech women's handball club from Ostrava's Poruba district originally established as BK Ostrava (a.k.a. Cosmetic Ostrava for sponsorship reasons) in 1997.	DHC Sokol Poruba	handball
sport	The 1978 European Cup Final was an association football match between Liverpool of England and Club Brugge of Belgium on 10 May 1978 at Wembley Stadium, London, England (the venue was decided in Bern by the UEFA Executive Committee on 20 September 1977).	1978 European Cup Final	association football
sport	The Croatian Ice Hockey League is the top ice hockey league in Croatia.	Croatian Ice Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	Kris Clack (born July 6, 1977) is a retired American professional basketball player, formerly for the University of Texas.	Kris Clack	basketball
sport	Jean-Claude Skrela (born October 1, 1949 in Colomiers, Haute-Garonne) is a former coach of the French national rugby union team.	Jean-Claude Skrela	rugby union
sport	The Stampede North American Heavyweight Championship is the major title in the Canadian professional wrestling promotion Stampede Wrestling.	Stampede North American Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The 2013 Finnish Figure Skating Championships (Finnish: SM2013, yksinluistelu ja jäätanssi) was a national figure skating competition in the 2012--13 season.	2013 Finnish Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Barry Prenderville (born 16 October 1976 in Dublin) is an Irish former association football player.	Barry Prenderville	association football
sport	Chang Si (Chinese: 常思; pinyin: Cháng Sī; November 15, 1986) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming.	Chang Si	synchronized swimming
sport	Antonio Robinson (born on November 11, 1985) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent.	Antonio Robinson	American football
sport	Odrick Ray (born May 24, 1989) is an American football defensive end and defensive tackle who is a free agent.	Odrick Ray	American football
sport	Federico Gastón Fernández (born 17 October 1989) is an Argentine handball player.	Federico Gastón Fernández	handball
sport	Devin Bowen (born May 18, 1972) is an American former ATP World Tour professional tennis player.	Devin Bowen	tennis
sport	Pape Sow (pronounced Pop So) (born November 22, 1981) is a Senegalese professional basketball player who has played for the Toronto Raptors of the NBA and for several European and Asian teams.	Pape Sow	basketball
sport	The Genève-Servette HC (also called ``Servette'' or ``GSHC'') is a professional ice hockey club based in Geneva, Switzerland and competing in National League A, the top tier of the Swiss hockey league system.	Genève-Servette HC	ice hockey
sport	Ufuk Sarıca (born June 13, 1972) is a Turkish former professional basketball player and current head coach of Pınar Karşıyaka and assistant coach of the Turkish national team.	Ufuk Sarıca	basketball
sport	Essex Leopards is a British basketball team who competes in the English Basketball League Division 1.	Essex Leopards	basketball
sport	The Challenge Yves du Manoir was a rugby union club competition that was played in France between 1931 and 2003 under different names.	Challenge Yves du Manoir	rugby union
sport	Moisés Sierra (born September 24, 1988) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder who is currently a free agent.	Moisés Sierra	baseball
sport	Bury Titans are rugby league team based in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk.	Bury Titans	rugby league
sport	Bjorn Fratangelo (born July 19, 1993 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is a professional American tennis player who won the boys' singles title at the 2011 French Open.	Bjorn Fratangelo	tennis
sport	Lucas Onyango (born May 12, 1981) is a Kenyan rugby league player for the Oldham Roughyeds.	Lucas Onyango	rugby league
sport	Beach soccer, also known as beach football or beasal, is a variant of association football played on a beach or some form of sand.	Beach soccer	association football
sport	FC Nordstern 1896 München was a short-lived German association football club in Munich, Bavaria.	FC Nordstern 1896 München	association football
sport	The Ipswich Australian Football Club is an Australian rules football club located in Ipswich, Queensland, Australia.	Ipswich Australian Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Ferdinando De Giorgi (born 10 October 1961) is a former Italian volleyball player, a participant of the Olympic Games Seoul 1988, World Champion (1990, 1994, 1998), European Champion 1989, head coach of Polish club ZAKSA Kędzierzyn-Koźle.	Ferdinando De Giorgi	volleyball
sport	Stade Sapiac is a rugby union stadium in Montauban, France.	Stade Sapiac	rugby union
sport	Johnny O'Connor (born 9 February 1980) is an Irish rugby union coach and former player.	Johnny O'Connor	rugby union
sport	Keavon Milton (born June 23, 1990) is an American football offensive tackle who is currently a member of the New England Patriots practice squad.	Keavon Milton	American football
sport	Bernabé Ferreyra (February 12, 1909 -- May 22, 1972) was an Argentine association football forward.	Bernabé Ferreyra	association football
sport	Jukka Jalonen (born November 2, 1962 in Riihimäki, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey coach and former player.	Jukka Jalonen	ice hockey
sport	Pablo Mac Donough is a professional polo player from Argentina with a 10-goal polo player.	Pablo Mac Donough	polo
sport	Sergio Diduch is an Argentine association football player who currently plays for Hispano F.C. in the Honduran top division.	Sergio Diduch	association football
sport	Rodrigo Flores Álvarez (23 August 1913, in Santiago, Chile -- 17 January 2007, in Santiago) was a Chilean engineer and chess master.	Rodrigo Flores	chess
sport	Birmingham Steel Magnolias was a women's American football team based in Birmingham, Alabama.	Birmingham Steel Magnolias	American football
spouse	Countess Ilona Edelsheim-Gyulai de Marosnémethi et Nádaska (14 January 1918 -- 18 April 2013) was a Hungarian noblewoman and wife of István Horthy, son of Regent Miklós Horthy and Deputy Regent of Hungary for a short time in 1942.	Ilona Edelsheim-Gyulai	István Horthy
spouse	Vera Weizmann (Hebrew: ורה ויצמן‎; November 27, 1881 -- September 24, 1966), wife of Chaim Weizmann, the first president of the State of Israel, was a medical doctor and a Zionist activist.	Vera Weizmann	Chaim Weizmann
spouse	Vikki LaMotta (January 23, 1930 -- January 25, 2005), born Beverly Thailer, was an American model known as the second wife of champion boxer Jake LaMotta, during his peak years of success, during which time Vikki became a celebrity.	Vikki LaMotta	Jake LaMotta
spouse	Camille Cosby (born Camille Olivia Hanks; March 20, 1944) is an American television producer, author, philanthropist, and the wife of comedian Bill Cosby.	Camille Cosby	Bill Cosby
spouse	Galswintha was the sister of Brunhilda, Queen of Austrasia; and the wife of Chilperic I, the Merovingian king of Neustria.	Galswintha	Chilperic I
taxon rank	Semicassis granulata undulata is a Mediterranean subspecies of Semicassis granulata, the Scotch bonnet, a medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the subfamily Cassinae, the helmet snails and bonnet snails.	Semicassis granulata undulata	subspecies
taxon rank	Widdringtonia whytei, the Mulanje cypress, is a species of Widdringtonia native to Malawi, where it is endemic to the Mulanje Massif at altitudes of 1,830-2,550 m. It has become endangered as a result of over-harvesting for its wood, and an increase in the frequency of wildfires due to human activity.	Widdringtonia whytei	species
taxon rank	Madascincus arenicola is an extant species of skink described in 2011, and endemic to the Ampombofofo and Forêt d'Orangea regions of Antsiranana Province, in northern Madagascar.	Madascincus arenicola	species
taxon rank	Distorsio anus, common name the common distorsio, is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Personidae, the Distortio snails.	Distorsio anus	species
taxon rank	Leymus multicaulis, also known as manystem wild rye or manystem lyme grass, is a species of the Leymus genus.	Leymus multicaulis	species
voice type	Kurt Equiluz (born 13 June 1929 in Vienna) is an Austrian classical tenor in opera and concert, known for recording works of Johann Sebastian Bach with Nikolaus Harnoncourt and Helmuth Rilling, a member of the Vienna State Opera as a tenor buffo from 1957 until 1983.	Kurt Equiluz	tenor
voice type	Miriam Gauci (born April 3, 1957) is a Maltese operatic soprano, particularly associated with lyric Italian roles.	Miriam Gauci	soprano
voice type	Anne Sharp (24 October 1916 -- 25 August 2011) was a Scottish coloratura soprano particularly associated with the operas of Benjamin Britten.	Anne Sharp	soprano
voice type	Stephen Mark Brown is an internationally known opera tenor.	Stephen Mark Brown	tenor
voice type	Edna Garabedian is an American operatic mezzo-soprano, voice teacher, and opera director.	Edna Garabedian	mezzo-soprano
