author	My Idea of Fun is the second novel by Will Self, and was published in 1993.	My Idea of Fun	Will Self
author	Christopher Unborn (Spanish: Cristóbal Nonato) is the tenth novel by the Mexican author Carlos Fuentes.	Christopher Unborn	Carlos Fuentes
author	Longest Day is an original novel by Michael Collier.	Longest Day	Michael Collier
author	Palazzi di Genova is a 1622 book written and illustrated by Peter Paul Rubens, depicting and describing the palaces of Genoa, Italy in 72 plates.	Palazzi di Genova	Peter Paul Rubens
author	The Council of Wyrms boxed set was designed by Bill Slavicsek, and published by TSR, Inc. In 1999 the setting was slightly revised and reprinted as a hardcover book.	Council of Wyrms	Bill Slavicsek
author	``A Positive'' is a 1998 horror short story by Kaaron Warren.	A Positive	Kaaron Warren
author	The Bolshevik Myth (Diary 1920--1922) is a book by Alexander Berkman describing his experiences in Bolshevist Russia from 1920 to 1922, where he saw the aftermath of the Russian Revolution of 1917.	The Bolshevik Myth	Alexander Berkman
author	Fall Out Toy Works is an American comic book limited series, created by Pete Wentz of Fall Out Boy, Darren Romanelli, and Nathan Cabrera.	Fall Out Toy Works	Darren Romanelli
author	A Midsummer Tempest is an 1974 alternative history fantasy novel by Poul Anderson.	A Midsummer Tempest	Poul Anderson
author	A Conversation is a play by Australian author David Williamson.	A Conversation	David Williamson
author	The Conscience of a Conservative is a 1960 book published under the name of Arizona Senator and 1964 Republican presidential candidate Barry Goldwater.	The Conscience of a Conservative	Barry Goldwater
author	The Underland Chronicles is a critically acclaimed series of five epic fantasy novels by Suzanne Collins, first published between 2003 and 2007.	The Underland Chronicles	Suzanne Collins
author	De Bello Hispaniensi (also Bellum Hispaniense; On the Hispanic War) is a Latin work continuing Julius Caesar's commentaries, De Bello Gallico and De Bello Civili, and its sequels by two different unknown authors De Bello Alexandrino and De Bello Africo.	De Bello Hispaniensi	Julius Caesar
author	A Dangerous Path is a children's fantasy novel, the fifth book in the Warriors series, written by Cherith Baldry and Kate Cary under the pseudonym of Erin Hunter.	A Dangerous Path	Erin Hunter
author	The Kiss of the Octopus is the twenty-second novel of Patrick Grainville published in éditions du Seuil in 2010.	The Kiss of the Octopus	Patrick Grainville
author	Renegade of Kregen is a science fiction novel written by Kenneth Bulmer under the pseudonym of Alan Burt Akers, and is volume thirteen in his extensive Dray Prescot series of sword and planet novels, set on the fictional world of Kregen, a planet of the Antares star system in the constellation of Scorpio.	Renegade of Kregen	Kenneth Bulmer
author	The Stratagem and other Stories is a small book of short stories written by Aleister Crowley (1875--1947), occult magician, poet and self-proclaimed prophet of a new Æon.	The Stratagem and other Stories	Aleister Crowley
author	The Case of Wagner (German: Der Fall Wagner) is a book by the philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche, originally published in 1888.	The Case of Wagner	Friedrich Nietzsche
author	The John Riddell Murder Case is a novel written by Corey Ford under the pseudonym of John Riddell.	The John Riddell Murder Case	Corey Ford
author	Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story is a work of non-fiction written by Chuck Klosterman, first published by Scribner in 2005.	Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story	Chuck Klosterman
author	Opus 200 is Isaac Asimov's joint two-hundredth book, along with his autobiography In Memory Yet Green (both books were published on the same day, following his 199th book).	Opus 200	Isaac Asimov
author	The Legion of Space is a science-fiction novel by the American writer Jack Williamson.	The Legion of Space	Jack Williamson
author	Homeroom Diaries is a realistic fiction novel by James Patterson aimed at teenagers.	Homeroom Diaries	James Patterson
author	Midnight Whispers is the fourth novel in the Cutler series, written in 1992 by the ghost-writer of V. C. Andrews novels, Andrew Neiderman.	Midnight Whispers	V. C. Andrews
author	The True Story of Ah Q is an episodic novella written by Lu Xun, first published as a serial between December 4, 1921 and February 12, 1922.	The True Story of Ah Q	Lu Xun
author	Now, Now, Markus or, I Need a Bird is a children's novel by Austrian author Martin Auer, first published in 1988 in German as Bimbo und sein Vogel.	Now, Now, Markus	Martin Auer
author	Half a Lifelong Romance (半生緣) is a Chinese novel by Eileen Chang.	Half a Lifelong Romance	Eileen Chang
author	Dolores Claiborne is a 1992 psychological thriller novel by Stephen King.	Dolores Claiborne	Stephen King
author	``A Short Guide to the City'' is a 1990 short story by American horror writer Peter Straub collected in Houses Without Doors.	A Short Guide to the City	Peter Straub
author	Other Losses is a 1989 book by Canadian writer James Bacque, in which Bacque alleges that U.S. General Dwight Eisenhower intentionally caused the deaths by starvation or exposure of around a million German prisoners of war held in Western internment camps briefly after the Second World War.	Other Losses	James Bacque
author	Number the Stars (1989) is a work of historical fiction by American author Lois Lowry, about the escape of a Jewish family from Copenhagen during World War II. The story centers on ten-year-old Annemarie Johansen, who lives with her family in Copenhagen in 1943.	Number the Stars	Lois Lowry
author	The Misfortunes of Elphin is a novella by Thomas Love Peacock, his fifth long work of fiction, published in 1829.	The Misfortunes of Elphin	Thomas Love Peacock
author	``A Cabin on the Coast'' is a science fiction / fantasy short story by Gene Wolfe, initially published in the February 1984 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction and collected in Endangered Species (1989) and The Best Of Gene Wolfe (2009).	A Cabin on the Coast	Gene Wolfe
author	The Watsons is an unfinished novel by Jane Austen.	The Watsons	Jane Austen
author	``By His Bootstraps'' is a science fiction novella by Robert A. Heinlein that plays with some of the inherent paradoxes that would be caused by time travel.	By His Bootstraps	Robert A. Heinlein
author	Goodbye California is a novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean, first published in 1977.	Goodbye California	Alistair MacLean
author	M Is for Magic is a collection of child-friendly short fiction by Neil Gaiman.	M Is for Magic	Neil Gaiman
author	The Great Mirror of Male Love (男色大鑑 Nanshoku Ōkagami), with the subtitle The Custom of Boy Love in Our Land (本朝若風俗 Honchō Waka Fūzoku) is a collection of homosexuality stories by Ihara Saikaku, published in 1687.	The Great Mirror of Male Love	Ihara Saikaku
author	The 1984 autobiography by Julian Lloyd Webber, Travels with My Cello, covers his childhood through to travelling the world as a concert performer in the early 1980s.	Travels with My Cello	Julian Lloyd Webber
author	The Lives of Flemish, German, and Dutch painters refers to a compilation of artist biographies by Jean-Baptiste Descamps published in the mid 18th-century that were accompanied by illustrations by Charles Eisen.	Lives of Flemish, German, and Dutch painters	Jean-Baptiste Descamps
author	Vi är inte ensamma - en samling berättelser om våra osynliga hjälpare (Swedish) is a 1990 Swedish book about the occult, written by Norwegian-Swedish author Margit Sandemo.	Vi är inte ensamma	Margit Sandemo
author	Monsieur Pain is a short novel by Chilean author Roberto Bolaño (1953--2003).	Monsieur Pain	Roberto Bolaño
author	Praisesong for the Widow is a 1983 novel by Paule Marshall that takes place in the mid-1970s, chronicling the life of Avey Johnson, a 64-year-old African-American widow on a physical and emotional journey in the Caribbean island of Carriacou.	Praisesong for the Widow	Paule Marshall
author	Disney purchased the film rights to the Matched trilogy on September 16, 2010, Ally Condie's birthday, before the book had been released.	Matched	Ally Condie
author	Faceless Killers (Swedish: Mördare utan ansikte) is a 1991 crime novel by the Swedish writer Henning Mankell, and the first in his acclaimed Wallander series.	Faceless Killers	Henning Mankell
author	Baruničina ljubav (pronounced (baruniʧina ʎubaʋ)) (lit. ``Baroness'' love'') is a novel written by Croatian writer Ante Kovačić.	Baruničina ljubav	Ante Kovačić
author	L'Aiglon is a play in six acts by Edmond Rostand based on the life of Napoleon II, who was the son of Emperor Napoleon I and his second wife, Empress Marie Louise.	L'Aiglon	Edmond Rostand
author	Don Parties On, a play by David Williamson, premiered in Melbourne on January 8, 2011.	Don Parties On	David Williamson
author	The Alleluia Files is a science fiction/fantasy novel by Sharon Shinn, published in 1999.	The Alleluia Files	Sharon Shinn
author	Church Dogmatics (German: Kirchliche Dogmatik) is the fourteen-volume magnum opus of Swiss Protestant theologian Karl Barth, which was published in stages from 1932 to 1967.	Church Dogmatics	Karl Barth
author	A Couple of Boys Have the Best Week Ever is children's book written and illustrated by Marla Frazee and set in Malibu, CA.	A Couple of Boys Have the Best Week Ever	Marla Frazee
author	Shakespeare Wrote for Money is a 2008 collection of English author Nick Hornby's ``Stuff I've Been Reading'' columns for The Believer.	Shakespeare Wrote for Money	Nick Hornby
author	Lady into Fox was David Garnett's first novel under his own name, published in 1922.	Lady into Fox	David Garnett
author	The Liberation Trilogy is a series of military history books about the United States' involvement in World War II, written by American author Rick Atkinson and published by Henry Holt & Co. The first volume, An Army at Dawn, won the 2003 Pulitzer Prize for History and was a New York Times best seller.	The Liberation Trilogy	Rick Atkinson
author	Nightflyers is the title of a 1980 novella by George R. R. Martin, a 1985 short story collection by the same author that includes the novella, and a 1987 science fiction-horror film based on that novella.	Nightflyers	George R. R. Martin
author	The Day of the Pelican is a children's novel by Katherine Paterson, first published by Clarion Books on October 19, 2009.	The Day of the Pelican	Katherine Paterson
author	The Chinese Agent (1970) is a comic novel by Michael Moorcock.	The Chinese Agent	Michael Moorcock
author	The Idiot (Russian: Идио́т, Idiot) is a novel by the 19th-century Russian author Fyodor Dostoyevsky.	The Idiot	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
author	Patsy of Paradise Place, is a romantic fiction novel written by the English author Rosie Harris.	Patsy of Paradise Place	Rosie Harris
author	The Shadow over Innsmouth is a horror novella by H. P. Lovecraft, written in November--	The Shadow over Innsmouth	H. P. Lovecraft
author	Freddy and Fredericka is a satiric novel by Mark Helprin.	Freddy and Fredericka	Mark Helprin
author	A single-volume concise edition, The Popular Handbook of British Birds was produced by Philip Hollom in 1952.	Handbook of British Birds	Philip Hollom
author	First published in 1972 (ISBN 0-380-01694-X), it includes all the short stories about Lord Peter written by Dorothy L. Sayers, most of which were published elsewhere soon after they were written, and some related writings.	Lord Peter	Dorothy L. Sayers
author	``The Three Hermits'' (Russian: Три Старца) is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy (Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy) written in 1885 and first published in 1886 in the weekly periodical Niva (нива).	The Three Hermits	Leo Tolstoy
author	Argument About Basia (Polish: Awantura o Basię) is a Polish novel by Kornel Makuszyński, written in 1936, but released one year later.	Argument About Basia	Kornel Makuszyński
author	Anandi Gopal is a play written by Ram G. Joglekar (1924-2004), based on the novel Anandi Gopal by Shrikrishna Janardan Joshi, on the life of Anandi Gopal Joshi.	Anandi Gopal	Ram G. Joglekar
author	Little Eyolf (Lille Eyolf in the original Norwegian title) is an 1894 play by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen.	Little Eyolf	Henrik Ibsen
author	Amazon Adventure is a 1949 children's novel by the Canadian-born American author Willard Price featuring his ``Adventure'' series characters, Hal and Roger Hunt.	Amazon Adventure	Willard Price
author	The Silver Wolf is a novel by Alice Borchardt and published by Del Rey Books in 1993.	The Silver Wolf	Alice Borchardt
author	Yaqui Delgado Wants to Kick Your Ass is a 2013 award-winning young adult book by Cuban-American author Meg Medina.	Yaqui Delgado Wants to Kick Your Ass	Meg Medina
author	Cue for Treason (1940) is a children's historical novel written by Geoffrey Trease, and is his best-known work.	Cue for Treason	Geoffrey Trease
author	The Mice Templar is an American comic book series created by Bryan J. L. Glass, and Michael Avon Oeming that is published by Image Comics.	The Mice Templar	Bryan J. L. Glass
author	Border, Breed nor Birth is a science-fiction novella by Dallas McCord ``Mack'' Reynolds.	Border, Breed nor Birth	Mack'' Reynolds
author	The Archaeology of Death and Burial is an archaeological study by the English archaeologist Mike Parker Pearson, then a professor at the University of Sheffield.	The Archaeology of Death and Burial	Mike Parker Pearson
author	A Stranger Came Ashore is a 1975 young adult novel written by Scottish author Mollie Hunter.	A Stranger Came Ashore	Mollie Hunter
author	Nymphomation is a novel by British author Jeff Noon, first published in 1997.	Nymphomation	Jeff Noon
author	``The Dream of Debs'' is a short story by American writer Jack London, first published in the International Socialist Review in January 1909.	The Dream of Debs	Jack London
author	Daughters of the Moon is a novel series by Lynne Ewing.	Daughters of the Moon	Lynne Ewing
author	Miss Betty is a romance novel by Bram Stoker, written in 1898.	Miss Betty	Bram Stoker
author	Om fjorten dage (lit. In Fourteen Days) is a 1983 short story collection by Danish author Peter Seeberg.	Om fjorten dage	Peter Seeberg
author	``The Martian Way'' is a science fiction novella by Isaac Asimov.	The Martian Way	Isaac Asimov
author	Under Kilimanjaro is a non-fiction novel by Ernest Hemingway (July 21, 1899 -- July 2, 1961), edited and published posthumously by Robert W. Lewis and Robert E. Fleming.	Under Kilimanjaro	Ernest Hemingway
author	The Romance of Leonardo da Vinci (Russian: Воскресшие боги. Леонардо да Винчи, Resurrected Gods. Leonardo da Vinci, in literal translation) is the second novel by Dmitry Merezhkovsky, first published in 1900 by Mir Bozhy magazine, then released as a separate edition 1901.	The Romance of Leonardo da Vinci	Dmitry Merezhkovsky
author	A Darkling Plain is the fourth and final novel in the Mortal Engines Quartet series written by author Philip Reeve.	A Darkling Plain	Philip Reeve
author	Extra(ordinary) People is a 1984 collection of feminist science fiction stories by Joanna Russ.	Extra(ordinary) People	Joanna Russ
author	Miss Rumphius is a picture book for children written and illustrated by Barbara Cooney and first published by Viking Books in 1982.	Miss Rumphius	Barbara Cooney
author	Juoksuhaudantie is a 2004 novel by Finnish author Kari Hotakainen.	Juoksuhaudantie	Kari Hotakainen
author	Skippy Dies is a 2010 tragicomic novel by Paul Murray.	Skippy Dies	Paul Murray
author	The Language of the Genes (HarperCollins, ISBN 0-00-255020-2) is a popular science book by Steve Jones about genetics and evolution.	The Language of the Genes	Steve Jones
author	``The Minority Report'' is a 1956 science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick, first published in Fantastic Universe.	The Minority Report	Philip K. Dick
author	Summer Crossing is Truman Capote's first novel, written during the 1940s.	Summer Crossing	Truman Capote
author	To Fear a Painted Devil is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell.	To Fear a Painted Devil	Ruth Rendell
author	On the False Embassy (Ancient Greek: Περὶ τῆς παραπρεσβείας) is the name of two famous judicial orations, both delivered in 343 BC by the prominent Athenian statesmen and fierce opponents, Demosthenes and Aeschines.	On the False Embassy	Demosthenes
author	More Die of Heartbreak is a 1987 novel by the American author Saul Bellow, and was his tenth novel.	More Die of Heartbreak	Saul Bellow
author	The Iron Woman is the 1993 sequel to the popular Ted Hughes novel The Iron Man.	The Iron Woman	Ted Hughes
author	Captain Gault is a fictional sea captain created by English writer William Hope Hodgson.	Captain Gault	William Hope Hodgson
author	The Emperor's Snuff-Box is a non-series mystery novel (1942) by mystery novelist John Dickson Carr.	The Emperor's Snuff-Box	John Dickson Carr
author	Le Jour où Beaumont fit connaissance avec sa douleur is a novella written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio.	Le Jour où Beaumont fit connaissance avec sa douleur	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	The Templar Salvation is a 2010 novel by Raymond Khoury, and sequel to his debut work The Last Templar.	The Templar Salvation	Raymond Khoury
author	The Four-Headed Dragon is the 69th title of the Hardy Boys series, written by Franklin W. Dixon.	The Four-Headed Dragon	Franklin W. Dixon
author	The Bafut Beagles by British naturalist Gerald Durrell tells the story of Durrell's collecting expedition to the Cameroons, made in 1949, with Kenneth Smith.	The Bafut Beagles	Gerald Durrell
author	Sonnet 131 is a sonnet written by William Shakespeare and was first published in a 1609 quarto edition titled Shakespeare's sonnets.	Sonnet 131	William Shakespeare
author	The Hunger Angel (German: Atemschaukel; 2009) is a 304-page prose poem by Herta Müller.	The Hunger Angel	Herta Müller
author	Good-bye, My Lady is a novel by James H. Street about a boy and his dog.	Good-bye, My Lady	James H. Street
author	De Medicina is a 1st-century medical treatise by Aulus Cornelius Celsus, a Roman encyclopedist and possibly (but not likely) a practicing physician.	De Medicina	Aulus Cornelius Celsus
author	Royal Exile is the first novel in the Valisar trilogy, by Australian fantasy author Fiona McIntosh.	Royal Exile	Fiona McIntosh
author	The Homeward Bounders is a fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones with the chilling premise that there is a vast series of parallel universes, all of which serve as the game-boards for a race of demons that delight in war-games and fantasy-games.	The Homeward Bounders	Diana Wynne Jones
author	Executive Order 11063 was signed by President John F. Kennedy on November 20, 1962.	Executive Order 11063	John F. Kennedy
author	Livets ax (lit. Ear of Life) is a 1991 novel by Swedish author Sven Delblanc.	Livets ax	Sven Delblanc
author	Peace Breaks Out (1981) is a novel by American author John Knowles, better known for A Separate Peace (1959).	Peace Breaks Out	John Knowles
author	Tatja Grimm's World is a 1987 science fiction novel by American author Vernor Vinge.	Tatja Grimm's World	Vernor Vinge
author	In the 1970s Peake's widow, Maeve Gilmore, wrote a version of Titus Awakes to which she gave the title Search Without End.	Titus Awakes	Maeve Gilmore
author	Family Under the Bridge is a seasonal young adult novel written by Natalie Savage Carlson about a Parisian named Armand who befriends some children and has adventures in Paris during the Christmas season.	Family Under the Bridge	Natalie Savage Carlson
author	Patriot Reign is a best-selling book by Boston Globe/New York Times sports writer Michael Holley resulting from two years he was given unprecedented access to the inner sanctums of the world champion New England Patriots football operations, as they worked to turn a season of good luck into a legitimate contender of a team.	Patriot Reign	Michael Holley
author	Echoes in the Darkness is the title of a 1987 book by crime writer Joseph Wambaugh which also became a made-for-TV movie the same year.	Echoes in the Darkness	Joseph Wambaugh
author	Eating the Dinosaur is the sixth book written by Chuck Klosterman, first published by Scribner in 2009.	Eating the Dinosaur	Chuck Klosterman
author	L'Oblat (The Oblate) is the last novel by the French writer Joris-Karl Huysmans, first published in 1903.	L'Oblat	Joris-Karl Huysmans
author	The Finkler Question is a 2010 novel written by British author Howard Jacobson.	The Finkler Question	Howard Jacobson
author	The Different Forms of Flowers on Plants of the Same Species is a book by Charles Darwin first published in 1877.	The Different Forms of Flowers on Plants of the Same Species	Charles Darwin
author	Whompyjawed is the debut novel by American author Mitch Cullin.	Whompyjawed	Mitch Cullin
author	Tales of a Long Night (German: Hamlet oder Die lange Nacht nimmt ein Ende) (1956) is the last novel of German author Alfred Döblin.	Tales of a Long Night	Alfred Döblin
author	The Prague Orgy (1985) is a novella by Philip Roth.	The Prague Orgy	Philip Roth
author	Something Happened is Joseph Heller's second novel (published in 1974, thirteen years after Catch-22).	Something Happened	Joseph Heller
author	An Englishwoman's Love-letters is a 1900 novel by Laurence Housman, initially published anonymously.	An Englishwoman's Love-letters	Laurence Housman
author	The Odyssey (/ˈɒdəsi/; Greek: Ὀδύσσεια Odýsseia, pronounced (o.dýs.sej.ja) in Classical Attic) is one of two major ancient Greek epic poems attributed to Homer.	Odyssey	Homer
author	The Chymical Wedding is a 1989 novel by Lindsay Clarke about the intertwined lives of six people in two different eras.	The Chymical Wedding	Lindsay Clarke
author	The Lay of Aotrou and Itroun is a poem of 508 lines, written by J. R. R. Tolkien in 1930 and published in Welsh Review in December, 1945.	The Lay of Aotrou and Itroun	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	Independent People (Icelandic: Sjálfstætt fólk) is an epic novel by Nobel laureate Halldór Laxness, originally published in two volumes in 1934 and 1935; literally the title means ``Self-standing (i.e. self-reliant) folk''.	Independent People	Halldór Laxness
author	Two Fates (Dve Sudby) is a poem by Apollon Maykov, first published in 1845 in Saint Petersburg, as a separate edition, under the title ``Two Fates.	Two Fates	Apollon Maykov
author	Dreams and Fancies is a collection of letters and fantasy, horror and science fiction short stories by American author H. P. Lovecraft.	Dreams and Fancies	H. P. Lovecraft
author	The Black Cherry Bombshells is a webcomic from DC imprint Zuda Comics, created by Johnny Zito and Tony Trov, illustrated by Sacha Borisich and colors by John Dallaire.	The Black Cherry Bombshells	Johnny Zito
author	False Mirrors (Russian: Фальшивые зеркала) is the second novel in the Labyrinth trilogy of cyberpunk novels written by Russian science fiction writer Sergey Lukyanenko.	False Mirrors	Sergey Lukyanenko
author	``The Little Black Bag'' is a short story by science fiction author Cyril M. Kornbluth, first published in the July 1950 edition of Astounding Science Fiction.	The Little Black Bag	Cyril M. Kornbluth
author	Let Us Now Praise Famous Men is a book with text by American writer James Agee and photographs by American photographer Walker Evans, first published in 1941 in the United States.	Let Us Now Praise Famous Men	James Agee
author	Pedagogy of the Oppressed (Portuguese: Pedagogia do Oprimido), written by educator Paulo Freire, proposes a pedagogy with a new relationship between teacher, student, and society.	Pedagogy of the Oppressed	Paulo Freire
author	The Mockery Bird is a humorous novel by Gerald Durrell, published in 1981 by William Collins, Sons and Co Ltd. The book, like the other works of the author, contains a strong environmental message.	The Mockery Bird	Gerald Durrell
author	Diego et Frida is a biography of Mexican painters Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.	Diego et Frida	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	The Curious Room (ISBN 0-09-958621-5) is a book collecting various plays and scripts by Angela Carter.	The Curious Room	Angela Carter
author	Green Grass, Running Water is a 1993 novel by Thomas King, a writer of Cherokee and Greek/German-American descent, and United States and Canadian dual citizenship.	Green Grass, Running Water	Thomas King
author	In Watermelon Sugar is a novel written by Richard Brautigan and published in 1968.	In Watermelon Sugar	Richard Brautigan
author	Ripley Bogle is the debut novel of Northern Irish author Robert McLiam Wilson, published in 1989 in the UK although not until 1998 in the US.	Ripley Bogle	Robert McLiam Wilson
author	The Twelfth Card is the sixth Lincoln Rhyme mystery novel by Jeffery Deaver.	The Twelfth Card	Jeffery Deaver
author	Beasts and Super-Beasts is a collection of short stories, written by Saki (the literary pseudonym of Hector Hugh Munro) and first published in 1914.	Beasts and Super-Beasts	Saki
author	The Effects of Cross and Self Fertilisation in the Vegetable Kingdom is a book on evolution in plants by Charles Darwin, first published in 1876.	The Effects of Cross and Self Fertilisation in the Vegetable Kingdom	Charles Darwin
author	The Killer Angels (1974) is a historical novel by Michael Shaara that was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1975.	The Killer Angels	Michael Shaara
author	Falconer's Lure is a 1957 falconry-based novel by Antonia Forest.	Falconer's Lure	Antonia Forest
author	The Partner (1997) is a legal/thriller novel by noted American author John Grisham.	The Partner	John Grisham
author	Deeply Odd (2013) is the sixth thriller novel in the Odd Thomas series by American writer Dean Koontz.	Deeply Odd	Dean Koontz
author	The Satanic Bible is a collection of essays, observations, and rituals published by Anton LaVey in 1969.	The Satanic Bible	Anton LaVey
author	The Map and the Territory (French: La carte et le territoire, French pronunciation: ​(la kaʁt e lə tɛʁitwaʁ)) is a novel by French author Michel Houellebecq.	The Map and the Territory	Michel Houellebecq
author	Titus Awakes is the editorial title applied to a novel being planned by Mervyn Peake at the time he became too ill to write, about 1960.	Titus Awakes	Mervyn Peake
author	House of Odd is the third graphic novel featuring Dean Koontz's character Odd Thomas.	House of Odd	Dean Koontz
author	Sentenced to Prism (1985) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster, and is a stand-alone entry in his Humanx Commonwealth series of books.	Sentenced to Prism	Alan Dean Foster
author	The Fatwa on Terrorism and Suicide Bombings is a 600-page (Urdu version), 512-page (English version) Islamic decree by scholar Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri which demonstrates from the Quran and Sunnah that terrorism and suicide bombings are unjust and evil, and thus un-Islamic.	Fatwa on Terrorism	Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri
author	The Book of Faith (Arabic: Kitab al Iman, كتاب الإيمان) is a book on the Islamic articles of faith written by the 13th century Sunni Islamic scholar Ibn Taymiyyah.	The Book of Faith	Ibn Taymiyyah
author	The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress is a 1966 science fiction novel by American writer Robert A. Heinlein, about a Lunar colony's revolt against rule from Earth.	The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress	Robert A. Heinlein
author	Barefoot in the Park is a romantic comedy by Neil Simon.	Barefoot in the Park	Neil Simon
author	Nordlands Trompet is a tributary poem by Norwegian priest and poet Petter Dass, praising the nature and people of Nordland.	Nordlands Trompet	Petter Dass
author	The Metabarons series was written by creator Alejandro Jodorowsky and illustrated by Argentinian artist Juan Giménez.	Metabarons	Alejandro Jodorowsky
author	``Winter Dreams'' is a short story by F. Scott Fitzgerald that first appeared in Metropolitan Magazine in December 1922, and was collected in All the Sad Young Men in 1926.	Winter Dreams	F. Scott Fitzgerald
author	Kir Ianulea or Kyr Ianulea (Romanian pronunciation: (kir jaˈnule̯a)) is a fantasy and historical fiction novella or short story, published by Romanian author Ion Luca Caragiale in 1909.	Kir Ianulea	Ion Luca Caragiale
author	The Empress's Tomb (2007) is a young adult novel by Kirsten Miller, the second in the Kiki Strike series.	The Empress's Tomb	Kirsten Miller
author	Venmurasu (Tamil: வெண்முரசு ) is a Tamil novel by writer Jeyamohan.	Venmurasu	Jeyamohan
author	That Printer of Udell's is a 1903 work of fiction by Harold Bell Wright.	That Printer of Udell's	Harold Bell Wright
author	Fox Tales is a 1976 anthology of 16 animal-centered fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders.	Fox Tales	Ruth Manning-Sanders
author	Red Indian Folk and Fairy Tales is a 1960 anthology of 19 fairy tales from North American Indian culture that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders.	Red Indian Folk and Fairy Tales	Ruth Manning-Sanders
author	For Anatole's Tomb (French: Pour un tombeau d'Anatole) is an unfinished poem by the French writer Stéphane Mallarmé.	For Anatole's Tomb	Stéphane Mallarmé
author	The Unifying Force is the nineteenth and final installment of the New Jedi Order series of books in the fictional Star Wars expanded universe written by James Luceno.	The Unifying Force	James Luceno
author	The Straight Mind and Other Essays is a (1992) collection of essays by Monique Wittig.	The Straight Mind and Other Essays	Monique Wittig
author	The Concubine's Secret, as known as The Girl from Junchow in USA, is a 2009 novel by Kate Furnivall; it is the sequel to The Russian Concubine.	The Concubine's Secret	Kate Furnivall
author	The Lady of Lyons; or, Love and Pride, commonly known as The Lady of Lyons, is a five act romantic melodrama written in 1838 by Edward Bulwer-Lytton, 1st Baron Lytton.	The Lady of Lyons	Edward Bulwer-Lytton
author	Thud! is Terry Pratchett's 34th Discworld novel, released in the United States of America on September 13, 2005, the United Kingdom on 1 October 2005.	Thud!	Terry Pratchett
author	Anna and the French Kiss is the 2010 debut novel of Stephanie Perkins.	Anna and the French Kiss	Stephanie Perkins
author	The Winner Stands Alone is a novel by Paulo Coelho first published in 2008.	The Winner Stands Alone	Paulo Coelho
author	Heauton Timorumenos (The Self-Tormentor) is a play written by Publius Terentius Afer, known in English as ``Terence'', a dramatist of the Roman Republic.	Heauton Timorumenos	Terence
author	The Logic of Scientific Discovery (German: Logik der Forschung. Zur Erkenntnistheorie der modernen Naturwissenschaft) is a 1934 book about the philosophy of science by Karl Popper.	The Logic of Scientific Discovery	Karl Popper
author	Song Reader is a book of sheet music by American alternative music artist Beck released on December 11, 2012.	Song Reader	Beck
author	Jim the Boy is a coming-of-age novel by Tony Earley, published by Little, Brown and Co. in 2000.	Jim the Boy	Tony Earley
author	Ett annat liv (lit. A Different Life) is a 2008 novel by Swedish author Per Olov Enquist.	Ett annat liv	Per Olov Enquist
author	Anës lumejve (English: On the river side) is a poem in the Albanian language by Fan S. Noli, in which the history of Albania is described.	Anës lumejve	Fan S. Noli
author	Countdown City is a 2013 American soft science fiction mystery novel by Ben H. Winters.	Countdown City	Ben H. Winters
author	Chinese Cinderella and the Secret Dragon Society is a historical novel by Adeline Yen Mah, published in 2004.	Chinese Cinderella and the Secret Dragon Society	Adeline Yen Mah
author	Noureddin, Son of Iran (Persian: نورالدین پسر ایران‎) is the memoirs of Sayyid Noureddin Afi from the 80 months of his participation in the Iran--	Noureddin, Son of Iran	Noureddin Afi
author	So Long a Letter (translated from Une si longue lettre) is a semi-autobiographical epistolary novel originally written in French by the Senegalese writer Mariama Bâ.	So Long a Letter	Mariama Bâ
author	The Genie of Sutton Place is a 1973 supernatural young adult novel by George Selden, who was most famous for The Cricket in Times Square.	The Genie of Sutton Place	George Selden
author	Tris's Book, a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce, tells the story of four young mages as they battle pirates and become closer than ever.	Tris's Book	Tamora Pierce
author	Children of Their City (Swedish: Barn av sin stad) is a 1962 novel by Swedish author Per Anders Fogelström.	Children of Their City	Per Anders Fogelström
author	Krishnamurti's Journal is a diary of Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895--1986).	Krishnamurti's Journal	Jiddu Krishnamurti
author	The Dark Rival by Jude Watson is the second in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice, and the first by Jude Watson.	The Dark Rival	Jude Watson
author	Barfüßiger Februar (``Barefoot February'') is a book by Nobel Prize-winning author Herta Müller.	Barfüßiger Februar	Herta Müller
author	The Wonderful Adventures of Nils (orig. Nils Holgerssons underbara resa genom Sverige, Nils Holgersson's wonderful journey across Sweden) is a work of fiction by the Swedish author Selma Lagerlöf.	The Wonderful Adventures of Nils	Selma Lagerlöf
author	The Judas Boy is Volume V of the novel sequence Alms for Oblivion by Simon Raven, published in 1968.	The Judas Boy	Simon Raven
author	Masud Rana is a fictional character created in 1966 by writer Qazi Anwar Hussain, who featured him in over 400 novels.	Masud Rana	Qazi Anwar Hussain
author	The Third Twin is a techno-thriller by the British writer Ken Follett and published by Random House publications in 1996.	The Third Twin	Ken Follett
author	Milton Friedman's book Essays in Positive Economics (1953) is a collection of earlier articles by the author with as its lead an original essay ``The Methodology of Positive Economics,'' on which this article focuses.	Essays in Positive Economics	Milton Friedman
author	Lord Weary's Castle, Robert Lowell's second book of poetry, won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1947 when Lowell was only thirty.	Lord Weary's Castle	Robert Lowell
author	The Wolf Leader is an English translation by Alfred Allinson of Le Meneur de loups, an 1857 fantasy novel by Alexandre Dumas.	The Wolf Leader	Alexandre Dumas
author	The Bones of Zora is a science fiction novel written by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp, the ninth book of the former's Viagens Interplanetarias series and the seventh of its subseries of stories set on the fictional planet Krishna.	The Bones of Zora	Catherine Crook de Camp
author	Company K is a 1933 novel by William March, first serialised in parts in the New York magazine The Forum from 1930 to 1932, and published in its entirety by Smith and Haas on 19 January 1933, in New York.	Company K	William March
author	Enna Burning is a fantasy novel by Shannon Hale, and the second book in the Books of Bayern series.	Enna Burning	Shannon Hale
author	The Codex Leicester (also briefly known as Codex Hammer) is a collection of largely scientific writings by Leonardo da Vinci.	Codex Leicester	Leonardo da Vinci
author	The Last Place God Made Is a novel written by British novelist Jack Higgins, published in 1971.	The Last Place God Made	Jack Higgins
author	Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home was edited by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman, and first published by TSR, Inc. in 1987.	Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home	Margaret Weis	Tracy Hickman
author	Fattiga riddare och stora svenskar (lit. Poor Knights and Great Swedes) is the fifth novel by Swedish author Klas Östergren.	Fattiga riddare och stora svenskar	Klas Östergren
author	The Litigators is a 2011 legal thriller novel by John Grisham, his 25th fiction novel overall.	The Litigators	John Grisham
author	Mommywood is a 2009 book by Tori Spelling, released on April 14, 2009.	Mommywood	Tori Spelling
author	In his 2007 book On Nuclear Terrorism, author Michael A. Levi surveys the issue of nuclear terrorism and explores the decisions a terrorist leader might take in pursuing a nuclear plot.	On Nuclear Terrorism	Michael A. Levi
author	Marigolds in August is a play by South Africa's Athol Fugard.	Marigolds in August	Athol Fugard
author	``The Lost Special'' is a short story by Arthur Conan Doyle first published as part of the Round the Fire series in The Strand Magazine of August 1898.	The Lost Special	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	Buchmendel is a 1929 short story by the Austrian writer Stefan Zweig.	Buchmendel	Stefan Zweig
author	Beyond the City (1892) is a novel by the Scottish author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.	Beyond the City	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	Data Smog is a 1997 book by journalist David Shenk and published by Harper Collins.	Data Smog	David Shenk
author	The Magic Mountain (German: Der Zauberberg) is a novel by Thomas Mann, first published in November 1924.	The Magic Mountain	Thomas Mann
author	The Faraway Tree is a series of popular novels for children by British author Enid Blyton.	The Faraway Tree	Enid Blyton
author	Frankensteins of Fraud is a book written by Joseph T. Wells, founder of the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners.	Frankensteins of Fraud	Association of Certified Fraud Examiners
author	The Songs of Distant Earth is a 1986 science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke based upon his 1958 short story of the same title.	The Songs of Distant Earth	Arthur C. Clarke
author	Dance of the Happy Shades (ISBN 0-099-27377-2) is a book of short stories by Alice Munro, published by Ryerson Press in 1968.	Dance of the Happy Shades	Alice Munro
author	Acorna's Quest (1998) is a fantasy or science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey and Margaret Ball.	Acorna's Quest	Anne McCaffrey	Margaret Ball
author	Wideacre is a 1987 historical novel by Philippa Gregory.	Wideacre	Philippa Gregory
author	This Boy's Life is a memoir by American author Tobias Wolff first published in 1989.	This Boy's Life	Tobias Wolff
author	``The Walrus and the Carpenter'' is a narrative poem by Lewis Carroll that appeared in his book Through the Looking-Glass, published in December 1871.	The Walrus and the Carpenter	Lewis Carroll
author	The Man with the Getaway Face (1963) is a crime thriller novel, written by Donald E. Westlake under the pseudonym Richard Stark.	The Man with the Getaway Face	Donald E. Westlake
author	Unleavened Bread is a 1900 novel by American writer Robert Grant, and one of the best selling books of that year.	Unleavened Bread	Robert Grant
author	``A Mother'' is a short story by James Joyce published in his 1914 collection Dubliners.	A Mother	James Joyce
author	The Tigers of Mompracem (original title: Le Tigri di Mompracem) is an exotic adventure novel written by Italian author Emilio Salgari, published in 1900.	The Tigers of Mompracem	Emilio Salgari
author	In Search of a Concrete Music (French: À la recherche d'une musique concrète), written and published in 1952, is a French language publication which forms a major part of the experimental composer and theoretician Pierre Schaeffer's collection of works written to record his own undertakings on the development of musique concrète.	In Search of a Concrete Music	Pierre Schaeffer
author	The Year of Billy Miller, a 2014 children's book written by Kevin Henkes, was a Newbery Honor book in 2014.	The Year of Billy Miller	Kevin Henkes
author	Teseida (full title: Teseida delle Nozze d’Emilia, or The Theseid, Concerning the Nuptials of Emily) is a long epic poem written by Giovanni Boccaccio c.1340--41.	Teseida	Giovanni Boccaccio
author	Dynasty of Death was the debut novel of the Anglo-American writer Taylor Caldwell (1900--1985).	Dynasty of Death	Taylor Caldwell
author	The Second Summer of the Sisterhood is a novel written in 2003 by author Ann Brashares.	The Second Summer of the Sisterhood	Ann Brashares
author	The Galactic Center Saga is a series of books by author Gregory Benford detailing a galactic war between mechanical and biological life.	Galactic Center Saga	Gregory Benford
author	The Algiers Motel Incident is a 1968 true crime book by John Hersey.	The Algiers Motel Incident	John Hersey
author	The Anti-Capitalistic Mentality is a book written by Austrian School economist and libertarian thinker Ludwig von Mises.	The Anti-Capitalistic Mentality	Ludwig von Mises
author	Linguistic Imperialism is a book written by Robert Phillipson, research professor at Copenhagen Business School's Department of English, published in 1992 by Oxford University Press.	Linguistic Imperialism	Robert Phillipson
author	On Horsemanship is the English title usually given to Περὶ ἱππικῆς, peri hippikēs, one of the two treatises on horsemanship by the Athenian historian and soldier Xenophon (c. 430 -- 354 BC).	On Horsemanship	Xenophon
author	Piet Fluwijn en Bolleke was a Belgian gag-a-day comic strip series drawn by Marc Sleen from 1944 until 1965.	Piet Fluwijn en Bolleke	Marc Sleen
author	The Dark Elf Trilogy is a prequel to the Icewind Dale Trilogy by R. A. Salvatore.	The Dark Elf Trilogy	R. A. Salvatore
author	The Courtney Novels are a series of thirteen novels published between 1964 and 2009 by Wilbur Smith.	The Courtney Novels	Wilbur Smith
author	Where were you last Pluterday? is a science fiction novel by Paul van Herck, originally released in Dutch in 1968 as Sam, of de Pluterdag by J.M. Meulenhoff (in their science fiction and fantasy range M=SF as the 14th book of the range) and released in English by DAW books in 1973.	Where were you last Pluterday?	Paul van Herck
author	Pandemia is a 2006 post-apocalyptic teen novel written by American author Johnathan Rand (a pseudonym of Christopher Wright).	Pandemia	Christopher Wright
author	Quasars, Redshifts and Controversies is a 1987 book by Halton Arp, an astronomer famous for his Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies (1966).	Quasars, Redshifts and Controversies	Halton Arp
author	The Queen of the Damned (1988) is the third novel of Anne Rice's The Vampire Chronicles series.	The Queen of the Damned	Anne Rice
author	The Return of the Black Widowers is a collection of short mystery stories by Isaac Asimov featuring his fictional club of mystery solvers, the Black Widowers.	The Return of the Black Widowers	Isaac Asimov
author	The Art of Being Right: 38 Ways to Win an Argument (Eristische Dialektik: Die Kunst, Recht zu behalten; 1831) is an acidulous and sarcastic treatise written by the German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer in sarcastic deadpan.	The Art of Being Right	Arthur Schopenhauer
author	Hadrian the Seventh (also known as ``Hadrian VII'') is a 1904 novel by the English novelist Frederick Rolfe, who wrote under the pseudonym ``Baron Corvo''.	Hadrian the Seventh	Frederick Rolfe
author	The Life and Work of Sigmund Freud is a biography of Sigmund Freud by Ernest Jones.	The Life and Work of Sigmund Freud	Ernest Jones
author	The Invasion of 1910 is a 1906 novel written mainly by William Le Queux (along with H. W. Wilson providing the naval chapters).	The Invasion of 1910	William Le Queux
author	Yonie Wondernose is a 1944 picture book by Marguerite de Angeli, who would later win the Newbery Medal for The Door in the Wall.	Yonie Wondernose	Marguerite de Angeli
author	The Fifth Son of the Shoemaker is a book by Donald Corley, illustrated by the author.	The Fifth Son of the Shoemaker	Donald Corley
author	Nebula Maker is a science fiction novel by Olaf Stapledon, published posthumously by Bran's Head Books in 1976.	Nebula Maker	Olaf Stapledon
author	I'll Be The Devil is a play by Leo Butler that was commissioned by the Royal Shakespeare Company and written in response to The Tempest by William Shakespeare.	I'll Be The Devil	Leo Butler
author	XPD is a spy novel by Len Deighton, published in 1981, and set in 1979, roughly contemporaneous with the time it was written.	XPD	Len Deighton
author	The Outlaw's Silver is the title of a Hardy Boys Digest novel, written by Franklin W. Dixon.	The Outlaw's Silver	Franklin W. Dixon
author	The Coelbren y Beirdd (English: ``Bards' alphabet'') is a runic alphabet system created in the late eighteenth century by the literary forger Edward Williams, best known as Iolo Morganwg.	Coelbren y Beirdd	Iolo Morganwg
author	Chinese Shadows is a book written by Simon Leys, which is the pseudonym for Belgian Sinologist Pierre Ryckmans.	Chinese Shadows	Pierre Ryckmans
author	The Wanting Seed is a dystopian novel by the English author Anthony Burgess, written in 1962.	The Wanting Seed	Anthony Burgess
author	While I Was Gone is the 1999 novel by Sue Miller, and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in May 2000.	While I Was Gone	Sue Miller
author	Sister of the Bride is a 1963 young adult novel by Beverly Cleary.	Sister of the Bride	Beverly Cleary
author	The Fuller Memorandum is the third novel by Charles Stross in his ``Laundry'' series of Lovecraftian spy thrillers.	The Fuller Memorandum	Charles Stross
author	Agatha Raisin and the Deadly Dance is the fifteenth Agatha Raisin mystery novel by Marion Chesney under her pseudonym M. C. Beaton.	Agatha Raisin and the Deadly Dance	Marion Chesney
author	The Mist is a horror novella by the American author Stephen King, in which the small town of Bridgton, Maine is suddenly enveloped in an unnatural mist that conceals otherworldly monsters.	The Mist	Stephen King
author	The Fortified House in Scotland is a five-volume book by the Scottish author Nigel Tranter.	The Fortified House in Scotland	Nigel Tranter
author	Dilvish, the Damned is a collection of fantasy stories by American writer Roger Zelazny, first published in 1982.	Dilvish, the Damned	Roger Zelazny
author	Intrigue and Love, sometimes Love and Intrigue, Love and Politics or Luise Miller (German: Kabale und Liebe, literally ``Cabal and Love'') is a five-act play, written by the German dramatist Friedrich Schiller (1759--1805).	Intrigue and Love	Friedrich Schiller
author	Wildsiderz is a comic book series created by J. Scott Campbell and Andy Hartnell, and published by Wildstorm Productions.	Wildsiderz	Andy Hartnell
author	The Coldfire Trilogy is a science fiction/fantasy trilogy written by Celia S. Friedman.	Coldfire Trilogy	Celia S. Friedman
author	Power of Faerûn was written by Ed Greenwood and Eric L. Boyd, and published in March 2006.	Power of Faerûn	Ed Greenwood	Eric L. Boyd
author	Beggars in Spain is a 1993 science fiction novel by Nancy Kress.	Beggars in Spain	Nancy Kress
author	All the Earth, Thrown to the Sky is a young adult fiction novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale.	All the Earth, Thrown to the Sky	Joe R. Lansdale
author	Marx the First is a 1973 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.	Marx the First	Bruce Marshall
author	Merlin's Ring is a fantasy novel by H. Warner Munn, the third in a series of three based on Arthurian legend.	Merlin's Ring	H. Warner Munn
author	All the Wrong Questions is a four-part young adult series and prequel to A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket (pen name of American author Daniel Handler).	All the Wrong Questions	Lemony Snicket	Daniel Handler
author	Fantastic Four: 1234 is a four-issue comic book limited series featuring the Fantastic Four, written by Grant Morrison and illustrated by Jae Lee and published by Marvel Comics under the Marvel Knights imprint.	Fantastic Four: 1234	Grant Morrison
author	The Water-Babies, A Fairy Tale for a Land Baby is a children's novel by the Reverend Charles Kingsley.	The Water-Babies, A Fairy Tale for a Land Baby	Charles Kingsley
author	Scorpion Mountain is the fifth instalment in the Brotherband novel series by Australian author John Flanagan.	Scorpion Mountain	John Flanagan
author	North of Boston is a 1914 poetry collection by Robert Frost.	North of Boston	Robert Frost
author	Complete Divine was written by David Noonan, and was published in May 2004.	Complete Divine	David Noonan
author	Seven Days to a Killing is a British spy novel by Clive Egleton, published in 1973.	Seven Days to a Killing	Clive Egleton
author	Under the Sun of Satan (French: Sous le soleil de Satan) was the first novel published by Georges Bernanos.	Under the Sun of Satan	Georges Bernanos
author	Ocean Under the Ice is a science fiction novel by Robert L. Forward, collaborating with his wife, Martha Dodson Forward.	Ocean Under the Ice	Robert L. Forward
author	The Road of Azrael is a collection of historical short stories by Robert E. Howard.	The Road of Azrael	Robert E. Howard
author	The Theory of Communicative Action (German: Theorie des kommunikativen Handelns) is a 1981 book by Jürgen Habermas, in which he continues his project set out in On the Logic of the Social Sciences of finding a way to ground ``the social sciences in a theory of language.''	The Theory of Communicative Action	Jürgen Habermas
author	Systematics and the Origin of Species from the Viewpoint of a Zoologist is a book written by zoologist and evolutionary biologist Ernst Mayr that was first published in 1942 by Columbia University Press.	Systematics and the Origin of Species	Ernst Mayr
author	Vampirates is a series of books by British author Justin Somper, about a set of twin children, Connor and Grace Tempest, who get separated at sea and are picked up by two very different ships.	Vampirates	Justin Somper
author	My Lady Ludlow is a novel (over 77,000 words in the Project Gutenberg text) by Elizabeth Gaskell.	My Lady Ludlow	Elizabeth Gaskell
author	Maskeblomstfamilien is a novel by the Norwegian author Lars Saabye Christensen.	Maskeblomstfamilien	Lars Saabye Christensen
author	The History of The Lord of the Rings is a 4-volume work by Christopher Tolkien that documents the process of J. R. R. Tolkien's writing of The Lord of the Rings.	The History of The Lord of the Rings	Christopher Tolkien	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	Bone Quill is the sequel to Hollow Earth from sibling writing pair John Barrowman and Carole Barrowman, published in February 2013.	Bone Quill	John Barrowman	Carole Barrowman
author	Little Nellie 007 (ISBN 978-0-907595-75-5) (1991) is a book by Bruce Barrymore Halpenny about the James Bond autogyro, Little Nellie as featured in the film You Only Live Twice and her ``father'', Wing Commander Retd.	Little Nellie 007	Bruce Barrymore Halpenny
author	``The Evil Clergyman'' is an excerpt from a letter written by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft in 1933.	The Evil Clergyman	H. P. Lovecraft
author	Arms and the Man is a comedy by George Bernard Shaw, whose title comes from the opening words of Virgil's Aeneid, in Latin:	Arms and the Man	George Bernard Shaw
author	Pelle Svanslös (English: Peter-No-Tail) is a fictional anthropomorphic cat created by the Swedish author Gösta Knutsson and a children's book series about him.	Pelle Svanslös	Gösta Knutsson
author	Fahrenheit 451 is a dystopian novel by Ray Bradbury published in 1953.	Fahrenheit 451	Ray Bradbury
author	Dona Flor and Her Two Husbands (Portuguese: Dona Flor e Seus Dois Maridos) is a Brazilian novel, written by Jorge Amado in 1966 and published in English in 1969.	Dona Flor and Her Two Husbands	Jorge Amado
author	Beyond Black is a 2005 novel by English writer Hilary Mantel.	Beyond Black	Hilary Mantel
author	Miss Sara Sampson (Miß Sara Sampson) is a play by the Enlightenment philosopher, Gotthold Ephraim Lessing.	Miss Sara Sampson	Gotthold Ephraim Lessing
author	The Island of Doctor Death and Other Stories and Other Stories is a short story collection by American science fiction author Gene Wolfe.	The Island of Doctor Death and Other Stories and Other Stories	Gene Wolfe
author	Doglands (2011) is a children's fantasy novel written by Tim Willocks.	Doglands	Tim Willocks
author	The Costello Memoirs is a collection of writings by Australian politician and long-standing treasurer and deputy Liberal leader Peter Costello and co-authored by former New South Wales Liberal Leader and Costello's father-in-law, Peter Coleman.	The Costello Memoirs	Peter Costello	Peter Coleman
author	The Case of Charles Dexter Ward is a short novel (51,500 words) by H. P. Lovecraft, written in early 1927, but not published during the author's lifetime.	The Case of Charles Dexter Ward	H. P. Lovecraft
author	The Chancellor Manuscript is a 1977 novel, by American writer Robert Ludlum, about the ``alleged'' secret files of J. Edgar Hoover and how they disappeared after his death, and how they possibly could be used to force people in high places to do the bidding of those who possessed the secrets contained therein.	The Chancellor Manuscript	Robert Ludlum
author	Bartholomew and the Oobleck is a 1949 book by Dr. Seuss (Theodor Geisel).	Bartholomew and the Oobleck	Dr. Seuss
author	Cradock Nowell: a tale of the New Forest is a three-volume novel by R. D. Blackmore published in 1866.	Cradock Nowell	R. D. Blackmore
author	Dragonmarked was written by Keith Baker, C.A. Suleiman, and Michelle Lyons, and published in November 2006.	Dragonmarked	Keith Baker
author	The Haunted Pampero is a collection of fantasy and other short stories by William Hope Hodgson.	The Haunted Pampero	William Hope Hodgson
author	Winston's War is a 2003 novel by Michael Dobbs that presents a fictional account of the struggle of Winston Churchill to combat the appeasement policies of Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain.	Winston's War	Michael Dobbs
author	The Phantom Tollbooth is a children's adventure novel and modern fairy tale by Norton Juster.	The Phantom Tollbooth	Norton Juster
author	Fucking A is a play written by American playwright Suzan-Lori Parks.	Fucking A	Suzan-Lori Parks
author	News from Nowhere (1890) is a classic work combining utopian socialism and soft science fiction written by the artist, designer and socialist pioneer William Morris.	News from Nowhere	William Morris
author	The Story of Mr Sommer is a novella by the German writer Patrick Süskind.	The Story of Mr Sommer	Patrick Süskind
author	Fortunata y Jacinta (Fortunata and Jacinta), was written by Benito Pérez Galdós in 1887.	Fortunata y Jacinta	Benito Pérez Galdós
author	A Tangled Tale is a collection of 10 brief humorous stories by Lewis Carroll (Charles Lutwidge Dodgson), published serially between April 1880 and March 1885 in The Monthly Packet magazine.	A Tangled Tale	Lewis Carroll
author	Letter to My Daughter (2009) is the third book of essays by African-American writer and poet Maya Angelou.	Letter to My Daughter	Maya Angelou
author	The Aquariums of Pyongyang, by Kang Chol-hwan and Pierre Rigoulot, is an account of the imprisonment of Kang Chol-Hwan and his family in the Yodok concentration camp in North Korea.	The Aquariums of Pyongyang	Kang Chol-hwan	Pierre Rigoulot
author	Red as Blood, or Tales from the Sisters Grimmer is a short story collection of dark fantasy retellings of popular fairytales by British author Tanith Lee.	Red as Blood, or Tales from the Sisters Grimmer	Tanith Lee
author	Cerebus (; also Cerebus the Aardvark) is a comic book series created by Canadian cartoonist Dave Sim, which ran from December 1977 until March 2004.	Cerebus the Aardvark	Dave Sim
author	Small Moral Works (Italian: Operette morali) is a collection of dialogues and fictional essays by italian poet and philosopher Giacomo Leopardi, written between 1824 and 1832.	Small Moral Works	Giacomo Leopardi
author	Smoky the Cowhorse is a novel by Will James that was the winner of the 1927 Newbery Medal.	Smoky the Cowhorse	Will James
author	The Faithful River was a 1912 novel written in Paris by Polish writer Stefan Żeromski.	The Faithful River	Stefan Żeromski
author	The Nonexistent Knight (Italian: Il cavaliere inesistente) is an allegorical fantasy novel by Italo Calvino, first published in Italian 1959 and in English translation in 1962.	The Nonexistent Knight	Italo Calvino
author	Arlequin roi de Serendib is a three-act farce by Alain-René Lesage.	Arlequin roi de Serendib	Alain-René Lesage
author	``Old Man in New World'' is a short story by Olaf Stapledon, published as a separate volume by George Allen and Unwin in 1944.	Old Man in New World	Olaf Stapledon
author	Crito (/ˈkraɪtoʊ/ KRY-toh or /ˈkriːtoʊ/ KREE-toh; Ancient Greek: Κρίτων (krítɔːn)) is a dialogue by the ancient Greek philosopher Plato.	Crito	Plato
author	Thaddeus of Warsaw was an 1803 novel written by Jane Porter.	Thaddeus of Warsaw	Jane Porter
author	Genera Plantarum is a publication of Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus (1701--1778).	Genera Plantarum	Carl Linnaeus
author	Genetiks is a French 3 issues comics created by Richard Marazano and Jean-Michel Ponzio.	Genetiks	Richard Marazano	Jean-Michel Ponzio
author	The Extended Phenotype is a 1982 book by Richard Dawkins in which he introduced a biological concept of the same name.	The Extended Phenotype	Richard Dawkins
author	Luca's Secret (Italian: Il Segreto di Luca) is a 1956 romance novel by Ignazio Silone.	Luca's Secret	Ignazio Silone
author	A Pack of Liars is a children fiction novel by Anne Fine.	A Pack of Liars	Anne Fine
author	Stalin's Ghost is a crime novel by Martin Cruz Smith set in Russia circa 2005.	Stalin's Ghost	Martin Cruz Smith
author	Thank You, Fog: last poems by W. H. Auden is a posthumous book of poems by W. H. Auden, published in 1974.	Thank You, Fog	W. H. Auden
author	To Kill a Child (Swedish: Att döda ett barn) is a short story by Stig Dagerman.	To Kill a Child	Stig Dagerman
author	The Most Beautiful Woman in Town & Other Stories is a collection of anecdotal short stories by American author Charles Bukowski.	The Most Beautiful Woman in Town	Charles Bukowski
author	A Moveable Feast is a memoir by American author Ernest Hemingway about his years as a struggling, young, expatriate journalist and writer in Paris in the 1920s.	A Moveable Feast	Ernest Hemingway
author	Five on a Treasure Island (published in 1942) is a popular children's book by Enid Blyton.	Five on a Treasure Island	Enid Blyton
author	Freddy and the Ignormus (1941) is the 8th book in the humorous children's series Freddy the Pig by author Walter R. Brooks and illustrator Kurt Wiese.	Freddy and the Ignormus	Walter R. Brooks
author	The Paul Street Boys (Hungarian: A Pál utcai fiúk) is a youth novel by the Hungarian writer Ferenc Molnár, first published in 1906.	The Paul Street Boys	Ferenc Molnár
author	The Book of Urizen is one of the major prophetic books of the English writer William Blake, illustrated by Blake's own plates.	The Book of Urizen	William Blake
author	The Pump House Gang is a 1968 collection of essays and journalism by Tom Wolfe.	The Pump House Gang	Tom Wolfe
author	Five on a Hike Together is the tenth novel in the Famous Five series by Enid Blyton.	Five on a Hike Together	Enid Blyton
author	An Autobiography or The Story of my Experiments with Truth, full text Read online The Story of My Experiments with Truth - Gandhi Heritage Portal Buy Mahatma Gandhi Autobiography	The Story of My Experiments with Truth	Mahatma Gandhi
author	The Crusades Through Arab Eyes (French: Les Croisades vues par les Arabes) is a French language historical essay by Lebanese author Amin Maalouf.	The Crusades Through Arab Eyes	Amin Maalouf
author	The Orcs of Thar is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, written by Bruce Heard and published by TSR in 1988.	The Orcs of Thar	Bruce Heard
author	The Taking is a 2004 novel written by Dean Koontz.	The Taking	Dean Koontz
author	History of the Iranian Constitutional Revolution (Persian: تاریخ مشروطهٔ ایران‎‎) by the Iranian historian Ahmad Kasravi is the most accurate account of the Persian Constitutional Revolution.	History of the Iranian Constitutional Revolution	Ahmad Kasravi
author	At Any Cost? is a play by Australian playwright David Williamson.	At Any Cost?	David Williamson
author	Ham Hindu Nahin (Punjabi: ਹਮ ਹਿੰਦੂ ਨਹੀਂ ; Translation: We are not Hindus), also spelled as Hum Hindu Nahin, is a 19th-century Punjabi book by Kahn Singh Nabha, on the distinction of the Sikhism and identity.	Ham Hindu Nahin	Kahn Singh Nabha
award received	In June 2011, Vicky Bullett was inducted into the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame in Knoxville, Tennessee along with Ruthie Bolton, Muffett McGraw, Val Ackerman, Pearl Moore, and Lometa Odem.	Vicky Bullett	Women's Basketball Hall of Fame
award received	In 2004, Lia van Leer was awarded the Israel Prize for her lifetime achievement & special contribution to society and the State of Israel.	Lia van Leer	Israel Prize
award received	Ekaterina Kovalevskaya (Russian: Екатерина Ковалевская; born 17 April 1974 in Rostov-on-Don) is a Russian chess player with the FIDE titles of International Master (IM) and Woman Grandmaster (WGM).	Ekaterina Kovalevskaya	International Master	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Henry Miles, FRS (2 Jun 1698 -- 10 Feb 1763) was an English Dissenting minister and scientific writer; a Fellow of the Royal Society known for experiments on electricity.	Henry Miles	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	Herrmann Gustav Karl Max von Fabeck (6 May 1854 - † 16 December 1916) was a Prussian military officer and a German General der Infantarie during World War I. A competent and highly decorated commander, von Fabeck is a recipient of the Pour le Mérite, Prussia's and Germany's highest military honor.	Max von Fabeck	Pour le Mérite
award received	Max Stotz (born 13 February 1912 in Mannswörth, Lower Austria, MIA 19 August 1943 near Vitebsk) was a German former Luftwaffe flying ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub).	Max Stotz	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Nino Maisuradze (Georgian : ნინო მაისურაძე), is a Woman Grandmaster chess player and two-time French Women's Chess Champion.	Nino Maisuradze	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Edward Alexander Walker (October 2, 1864 -- October 24, 1946) was a Sergeant serving in the United States Marine Corps during the Boxer Rebellion who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	Edward Alexander Walker	Medal of Honor
award received	Igor Zugic (23 December 1981), is a Canadian International Master of chess who was the 2006 Canadian Champion.	Igor Zugic	International Master
award received	Thomas A. Pope (December 15, 1894 -- June 14, 1989) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Battle of Hamel during World War I. For this action, he was also awarded the Distinguished Conduct Medal by King George V.	Thomas A. Pope	Medal of Honor
award received	Adolf Ax (23 June 1906, Mouscron -- 6 February 1983) was a German SS-Oberführer (Senior Colonel/Brigadier General), who was decorated with Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Adolf Ax	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Christian Bauer (born 11 January 1977 in Forbach, Moselle) is a French chess Grandmaster and author.	Christian Bauer	Grandmaster
award received	Rusudan Goletiani (Georgian: რუსუდან გოლეთიანი; born September 8, 1980 in Sukhumi) is a Georgian-American chess player who holds the FIDE titles of International Master (IM) and Woman Grandmaster (WGM).	Rusudan Goletiani	International Master	Woman Grandmaster
award received	John-Paul Wallace (born 19 November 1976 in Liverpool, New South Wales) is a professional chess player awarded the title of International Master in 1996 by FIDE (World Chess Federation).	John-Paul Wallace	International Master
award received	In 1973, the Pinkas HaKehillot (Encyclopedia of Jewish Communities) project of Yad Vashem was awarded the Israel Prize, for its special contribution to society and the State.	Yad Vashem	Israel Prize
award received	In the 2006 New Year Honours List, Ian Bell was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire for his role in the successful Ashes campaign of 2005.	Ian Bell	Member of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Josephine Barstow was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1995.	Josephine Barstow	Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Nikolajs Galdiņš (9 October 1902 -- 5 October 1945) was an Obersturmbannführer (lieutenant Colonel) in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.	Nikolajs Galdiņš	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	In 2000, ``Let's All Go to the Lobby'' was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant''.	Let's All Go to the Lobby	National Film Registry
award received	Raymond Leppard was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) by The Queen.	Raymond Leppard	Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Nari Ward is the recipient of numerous awards including the American Academy of Arts and Letters' Willard L. Metcalf Award (1998), Pollock Krasner Foundation grant (1996), The National Endowment for the Arts (1994), and the John Simon Guggenheim Fellowship (1992).	Nari Ward	Guggenheim Fellowship
award received	James T. Clancy (1833--December 1870) was a Sergeant in the Union Army during the American Civil War who was awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Battle of Vaughan Road.	James T. Clancy	Medal of Honor
award received	Len Beadell was awarded the British Empire Medal in 1958 for his work constructing the Gunbarrel Highway.	Len Beadell	British Empire Medal
award received	On 24 May 2007, the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia announced that Bono would receive the Philadelphia Liberty Medal on 27 September 2007 for his work to end world poverty and hunger.	Bono	Philadelphia Liberty Medal
award received	In 2007 Banco del Libro won the biggest prize in children's literature, the Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award from the Swedish Arts Council, recognising its ``long-term sustainable work'' as a promoter of reading.	Banco del Libro	Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award
award received	Richard Arthur Samuel Bywater GC, GM (3 November 1913 -- 6 April 2005), known as Arthur Bywater, won the George Cross and George Medal, one of only eight people to have been awarded both medals, and the only civilian.	Arthur Bywater	George Medal
award received	On October 5, 2002, Rosalynn Carter was inducted into the National Women's Hall of Fame in Seneca Falls, New York.	Rosalynn Carter	National Women's Hall of Fame
award received	Florent Guillain was appointed Commander of the Legion of Honour.	Florent Guillain	Commander of the Legion of Honour
award received	Ferenc Sánta Jr. (born March 2, 1945) is a Kossuth Prize and Franz Liszt Prize-winning Hungarian violinist, fiddler and the artistic director of The Hungarian National Gipsy Orchestra.	Ferenc Sánta Jr.	Kossuth Prize	Franz Liszt Prize
award received	For The Collected Poems of Howard Nemerov (1977), he won the National Book Award for Poetry, Pulitzer Prize for Poetry, and Bollingen Prize.	Howard Nemerov	National Book Award	Pulitzer Prize for Poetry	Bollingen Prize
award received	Walter Kubisch (7 September 1918 -- 6 October 1944) was a Luftwaffe wireless radio operator of World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Walter Kubisch	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Arnold Hardy (February 2, 1922 -- December 5, 2007) was an American amateur photographer who won the 1947 Pulitzer Prize for Photography.	Arnold Hardy	Pulitzer Prize for Photography
award received	Enid Bibby was made Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the Queen's Birthday Honours of 2004.	Enid Bibby	Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Mehdi Ali oglu Huseynov, famed under the pseudonym Mehdi Huseyn (Azerbaijani: Mehdi Hüseyn) -- was an Azerbaijani and Soviet writer and critic, laureate of the State Stalin Prize of the third degree (1950) and member of the All-Union Communist Party since 1941.	Mehdi Huseyn	State Stalin Prize
award received	Jean Caylar d'Anduze de Saint-Bonnet, Marquis de Toiras (1585--1636), often just called Toiras, was a Marshal of France of the 17th century.	Jean Caylar d'Anduze de Saint-Bonnet	Marshal of France
award received	Salvador J. Lara (1920 -- September 1, 1945) was a U.S. Army veteran of World War II and recipient of the Medal of Honor.	Salvador J. Lara	Medal of Honor
award received	John Divane (VC) (Also known as Devine and Duane) (November 1823 -- 1 December 1888) was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	John Divane	Victoria Cross
award received	Fritz Gromotka (2 June 1915 -- 2 November 1979) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. Fritz Gromotka was credited with 29 aerial victories, 27 on the Western Front and 2 on the Eastern Front.	Fritz Gromotka	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	``Si la vie est cadeau'' (``If Life is a Gift'') by Jean-Pierre Millers (music) and Alain Garcia (lyrics), was the winner of the Eurovision Song Contest 1983, performed in French by French singer Corinne Hermès for Luxembourg.	Si la vie est cadeau	Eurovision Song Contest
award received	Professor Yona Kosashvili MD (born July 3, 1970) is an Israeli chess Grandmaster and surgeon.	Yona Kosashvili	Grandmaster
award received	In 2007, Dance, Girl, Dance was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant'', describing it as Arzner's ``most intriguing film'' and a ``meditation on the disparity between art and commerce.	Dance, Girl, Dance	National Film Registry
award received	Ignatius Joseph Kasimo Hendrowahyono (10 April 1900 -- 1 August 1986) is a National Hero of Indonesia and Indonesian politician.	Ignatius Joseph Kasimo Hendrowahyono	National Hero of Indonesia
award received	Ernest Childers (February 1, 1918 -- March 17, 2005) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his valorous actions in World War II.	Ernest Childers	Medal of Honor
award received	Leroy Hood won the 2011 Fritz J. and Dolores H. Russ Prize ``for automating DNA sequencing that revolutionized biomedicine and forensic science'' and the 2003 Lemelson-MIT Prize for inventing ``four instruments that have unlocked much of the mystery of human biology'' by helping decode the genome.	Leroy Hood	Lemelson-MIT Prize
award received	Evelyn Miot (born 1943), Miss Haiti Universe, was the first black woman to reach the top fifteen finalists position in the Miss Universe pageant.	Evelyn Miot	Miss Haiti Universe
award received	On 26 January 2011, Peter Costello was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia for ``eminent service to the Parliament of Australia, particularly through the development of landmark economic policy reforms in the areas of taxation, foreign investment, superannuation and corporate regulation, and through representative roles with global financial organisations''.	Peter Costello	Order of Australia
award received	Joachim Schepke (8 March 1912 -- 17 March 1941) was a German U-boat commander during World War II. He was the seventh recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub).	Joachim Schepke	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Ekaterina Atalik (née Polovnikova; born 14 November 1982 in Kirov) is a Russian-Turkish chess player, who holds the titles of International Master and Woman Grandmaster.	Ekaterina Atalik	International Master	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Josef Beckmann (4 May 1920 -- 6 December 2001) was a highly decorated Leutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Josef Beckmann	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Aleksandr Zarkhi was granted the honorary title of People's Artist of the USSR in 1969 and received Stalin Prize in 1946.	Aleksandr Zarkhi	People's Artist of the USSR
award received	Sandipan Chanda (born 13 August 1983) is a chess Grandmaster hailing from the city of Kolkata (Calcutta) in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Sandipan Chanda	Grandmaster
award received	Hans-Babo von Rohr (9 October 1922, Wolletz -- 14 February 1945) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Hans-Babo von Rohr	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Hans Götz (2 June 1919 -- 4 August 1943) was a former German Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. Hans Götz was credited with 82 victories in 600 combat missions.	Hans Götz	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Florin Felecan (born 7 April 1980) is a chess International Master.	Florin Felecan	International Master
award received	Hans Ree (born 15 September 1944 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch Grandmaster of chess and is a columnist and chess writer for the NRC Handelsblad.	Hans Ree	Grandmaster
award received	Jedh Colby Barker (June 20, 1945 -- September 21, 1967) was a United States Marine Corps Lance Corporal who posthumously received the Medal of Honor for heroism during the Vietnam War in September 1967.	Jedh Colby Barker	Medal of Honor
award received	Karl Körner (19 April 1920 -- 8 August 1997) was a Hauptscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.	Karl Körner	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Apisamai Srirangsan (Thai: อภิสมัย ศรีรังสรรค์; rtgs: Aphisamai Sirangsan), nicknamed Birth (Thai: เบิร์ท) (born December 15, 1974 in Bangkok, Thailand) was Miss Thailand 1999.	Apisamai Srirangsan	Miss Thailand
award received	Dale Eldon Christensen (May 31, 1920- August 4, 1944) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in World War II.	Dale Eldon Christensen	Medal of Honor
award received	On September 13 of 1943, Oleg Koshevoy was posthumously awarded the title of the Hero of the Soviet Union, the Order of Lenin, and later, the Medal ``Partisan of the Patriotic War'' 1st class .	Oleg Koshevoy	Hero of the Soviet Union	Order of Lenin
child	Wulfnoth Cild (died c. 1014) was a South Saxon thegn who is regarded by historians as the probable father of Godwin, Earl of Wessex, and thus the grandfather of King Harold Godwinson.	Wulfnoth Cild	Godwin, Earl of Wessex
child	Kristin Sigurdsdatter (ca. 1125-1178) was a Norwegian princess and mother of King Magnus V of Norway.	Kristin Sigurdsdatter	Magnus V of Norway
conflict	Ernst-Wilhelm Hoffmann (27 September 1904 -- 27 August 1994) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Wehrmacht during World War II who was the last commander of the 4.	Ernst-Wilhelm Hoffmann	World War II
conflict	James Hobart Ford (May 22, 1829 -- January 12, 1867) was a Union general during the American Civil War, notable for his contributions in the Trans-Mississippi Theater of the war.	James Hobart Ford	American Civil War
constellation	NGC 3918 is a bright planetary nebula in the constellation Centaurus, that is called the ``Blue Planetary'' or ``The Southerner''.	NGC 3918	Centaurus
constellation	W33A is a protostar located approximately 12,000 light-years away from Earth, in the constellation Sagittarius.	W33A	Sagittarius
constellation	HD 5319 is an 8th magnitude star approximately 370 light years away in the constellation Cetus.	HD 5319	Cetus
constellation	33 Arietis (abbreviated 33 Arietis) is a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries.	33 Arietis	Aries
constellation	SN 1997D, discovered on January 1997 in galaxy NGC 1536 in Reticulum constellation is a first clearly identified example of atypical Type II supernova with a very low luminosity and expansion velocity.	SN 1997D	Reticulum
constellation	HD 86081 is a yellow-white dwarf star in the constellation Sextans south of the celestial equator.	HD 86081	Sextans
constellation	PSR B1620-26 is a binary star system located at a distance of 3,800 parsecs (12,400 light-years) in the globular cluster of Messier 4 (M4, NGC 6121) in the constellation of Scorpius.	PSR B1620-26	Scorpius
constellation	17 Aquarii (abbreviated 17 Aqr) is a spectroscopic binary star in the constellation of Aquarius.	17 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	The Owl Nebula (Messier 97,M97, NGC 3587) is a planetary nebula located approximately 2,030 light years away in the constellation Ursa Major.	Owl Nebula	Ursa Major
constellation	Arp 273 is a group of interacting galaxies, lying 300 million light years away in the constellation Andromeda.	Arp 273	Andromeda
constellation	NGC 5753 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Boötes.	NGC 5753	Boötes
constellation	3 Boötis (abbr.: 3 Boo) is a star in the constellation Boötes.	3 Boötis	Boötes
constellation	Simeis 147, also known as the Spaghetti Nebula, SNR G180.0-01.7 or Sharpless 2-240, is a supernova remnant (SNR) in the Milky Way, straddling the border between the constellations Auriga and Taurus.	Simeis 147	Auriga	Taurus
constellation	Kepler-5 is a star located in the constellation Cygnus in the field of view of the Kepler Mission, a NASA project aimed at detecting planets in transit of, or passing in front of, their host stars as seen from Earth.	Kepler-5	Cygnus
constellation	Mu Ophiuchi (μ Oph) is a star in the constellation Ophiuchus.	Mu Ophiuchi	Ophiuchus
constellation	NGC 3718, also called Arp 214, is a galaxy located approximately 52 million light years from Earth in the constellation Ursa Major.	NGC 3718	Ursa Major
constellation	6 Boötis or e Boötis is a star in the constellation Boötes.	6 Boötis	Boötes
constellation	NGC 1275 (also known as Perseus A or Caldwell 24) is a type 1.5 Seyfert galaxy located around 237 million light-years away in the direction of the constellation Perseus.	NGC 1275	Perseus
constellation	HD 30562 is a 6th magnitude F-type main sequence star located approximately 86 light years away in the constellation of Eridanus.	HD 30562	Eridanus
constellation	NGC 1261, also known as Caldwell 87, is a globular cluster in the constellation Horologium, first discovered by James Dunlop in 1826.	NGC 1261	Horologium
constellation	30 Herculis (30 Her), or g Herculis, is a star in the constellation Hercules.	30 Herculis	Hercules
constellation	NGC 147 (also known as DDO3 or Caldwell 17) is a dwarf spheroidal galaxy about 2.58 Mly away in the constellation Cassiopeia.	NGC 147	Cassiopeia
constellation	Lambda Capricorni (λ Cap, λ Capricorni) is a star in the constellation Capricornus.	Lambda Capricorni	Capricornus
constellation	114 Tauri (114 Tau) is a blue main-sequence star in the constellation Taurus.	114 Tauri	Taurus
constellation	IM Pegasi is a variable binary star system approximately 329 light-years away in the constellation of Pegasus.	IM Pegasi	Pegasus
constellation	SN 2008ha was a type Ia supernova which was first observed around November 7, 2008 in the galaxy UGC 12682, which lies in the constellation Pegasus at a distance of about 21.3 megaparsecs (69 Mly) from Earth.	SN 2008ha	Pegasus
constellation	HD 180902 b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the K-type star HD 180902 approximately 359 light years away in the constellation Sagittarius.	HD 180902 b	Sagittarius
constellation	NGC 7027 is a very young and dense planetary nebula located around 3,000 light-years (920 pc) away in the constellation Cygnus.	NGC 7027	Cygnus
constellation	MOA-2007-BLG-192L is a low-mass red dwarf star or brown dwarf, approximately 3,000 light-years away in the constellation of Sagittarius.	MOA-2007-BLG-192L	Sagittarius
constellation	V4641 Sagittarii (V4641 Sgr) is a variable X-ray binary star system in the constellation Sagittarius.	V4641 Sagittarii	Sagittarius
constellation	Psi Scorpii (ψ Sco, ψ Scorpii) is a star in the constellation Scorpius.	Psi Scorpii	Scorpius
constellation	HD 220466 is a F-type subgiant or main sequence star in the constellation Aquarius.	HD 220466	Aquarius
constellation	Mu Horologii (μ Horologii, μ Hor) is a yellow-white carbon star of (visual) apparent magnitude 5.128 in the constellation Horologium.	Mu Horologii	Horologium
constellation	LHS 1723 is a nearby red dwarf star of spectral type M4.0, located in constellation Eridanus at 17.4 light-years from Earth.	LHS 1723	Eridanus
constellation	HD 140283, informally nicknamed Methuselah star, is a metal-poor subgiant star about 190 light years away from the Earth in the constellation Libra.	HD 140283	Libra
constellation	2 Ceti (2 Cet) is a star in the constellation Cetus.	2 Ceti	Cetus
constellation	Pi Aquarii (π Aqr, π Aquarii) is the Bayer designation for a binary star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	Pi Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	81 Aquarii (abbreviated 81 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.	81 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	The Eyes Galaxies (NGC 4435-NGC 4438, also known as Arp 120) are a pair of galaxies about 52 million light-years away in the constellation Virgo.	Eyes Galaxies	Virgo
constellation	25 Arietis (abbreviated 25 Ari) is a star in the constellation of Cetus.	25 Arietis	Cetus
constellation	Psi Tauri (ψ Tau, ψ Tauri) is a star in the constellation Taurus.	Psi Tauri	Taurus
constellation	Gliese 176 b is a super-Earth exoplanet approximately 31 light years away in the constellation of Taurus.	Gliese 176 b	Taurus
constellation	NGC 42 is a galaxy in the Pegasus constellation.	NGC 42	Pegasus
constellation	NGC 5189 (Gum 47, IC 4274, nicknamed Spiral Planetary Nebula) is a planetary nebula in the constellation Musca.	NGC 5189	Musca
constellation	HD 32518 is a 6th magnitude K-type giant star located approximately 390 light years away in the constellation of Camelopardalis.	HD 32518	Camelopardalis
constellation	HD 8574 is a yellow-white star in the constellation Pisces.	HD 8574	Pisces
constellation	L 1159-16 is a red dwarf in the northern constellation of Aries.	L 1159-16	Aries
constellation	Delta Eridani (δ Eri, δ Eridani) is a 3.54 magnitude star in the constellation of Eridanus.	Delta Eridani	Eridanus
constellation	NGC 3190 is a spiral galaxy with tightly wound arms and lying in the constellation Leo.	NGC 3190	Leo
constellation	NGC 4790 is a Barred Spiral Galaxy (SBc) located in the vicinity of the constellation Virgo.	NGC 4790	Virgo
constellation	Omicron Lupi (ο Lup) is a star in the constellation Lupus.	Omicron Lupi	Lupus
constellation	HR 2096', also known as HD 40325 is a double star in the constellation Auriga.	HR 2096	Auriga
constellation	HD 130458 is a double star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Apus.	HD 130458	Apus
constellation	Pi Cephei (π Cep) is a trinary star located in the constellation Cepheus.	Pi Cephei	Cepheus
constellation	Upsilon Tauri (υ Tau, υ Tauri) is a triple star system in the constellation Taurus and a member of the Hyades star cluster.	Upsilon Tauri	Taurus
constellation	98 Aquarii (abbreviated 98 Aqr) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	98 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	R Coronae Australis (R CrA) is a variable star in the constellation Corona Australis.	R Coronae Australis	Corona Australis
constellation	Westerlund 1 (also called Ara Cluster, designated Wd1) is a compact young super star cluster in the Milky Way galaxy, about 3.5--5 kpc away from Earth.	Westerlund 1	Ara
constellation	NGC 1055 is an edge-on spiral galaxy located in the constellation Cetus that has a prominent nuclear bulge crossed by a wide, knotty, dark lane of dust and gas.	NGC 1055	Cetus
constellation	PKS 2000-330 (also known as QSO B2000-330) is a quasar located in the constellation Sagittarius.	PKS 2000-330	Sagittarius
constellation	Kepler-32b (alt. name KOI 952.01) is an extrasolar planet in orbit around its M-dwarf-type star in the Kepler-32 system, constellation of Cygnus.	Kepler-32b	Cygnus
constellation	Theta Octantis (θ Oct) is an orange giant star in the constellation Octans.	Theta Octantis	Octans
constellation	NGC 44 is a binary star system (both type F4) located in the Andromeda constellation.	NGC 44	Andromeda
constellation	Alpha Coronae Australis (α CrA, α Coronae Australis) is a star in the constellation Corona Australis.	Alpha Coronae Australis	Corona Australis
constellation	27 Monocerotis (27 Mon) is a star in the constellation Monoceros.	27 Monocerotis	Monoceros
constellation	NGC 6604 is an open star cluster located 5500 light years away in the constellation of Serpens and is located about two degrees north of the Eagle Nebula .	NGC 6604	Serpens
constellation	Abell 2142, or A2142, is a huge, X-ray luminous galaxy cluster in the constellation Corona Borealis.	Abell 2142	Corona Borealis
constellation	HD 2942 is a triple star system in the constellation Andromeda located approximately 158 parsecs (520 ly) away.	HD 2942	Andromeda
continent	Pegasus Field (ICAO: NZPG) is an airstrip in Antarctica, the southernmost of three airfields serving McMurdo Station.	Pegasus Field	Antarctica
continent	Yavorov Peak (Yavorov Vrah \'ya-vo-rov 'vr&h\) is an ice-covered peak of elevation 640 m in the Delchev Ridge of the Tangra Mountains on eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Yavorov Peak	Antarctica
continent	Austin Valley is a small ice-filled valley at the east side of Avalanche Ridge, in the Jones Mountains of Antarctica.	Austin Valley	Antarctica
continent	Sutton Heights (69°45′S 71°30′W) is an eminence rising to about 800 m lying between the Lassus Mountains and Debussy Heights, in the northern portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Sutton Heights	Antarctica
continent	Biscoe Point is a rocky point forming the south-eastern side of Biscoe Bay, immediately north of Access Point on the south side of Anvers Island, in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica.	Biscoe Point	Antarctica
continent	The Geologists Range is a mountain range about 55 km (34 mi) long, standing between the heads of Lucy and Nimrod Glaciers in Antarctica.	Geologists Range	Antarctica
continent	Skidmore Cliff (83°24′S 49°30′W) is an irregular east-facing cliff, 4 nautical miles (7 km) long, located at the extremity of a spur trending eastward from Saratoga Table, in the Forrestal Range, Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Skidmore Cliff	Antarctica
continent	Hood Glacier (83°55′S 173°10′E) is a glacier about 25 nautical miles (46 km) long draining northward from Siege Dome in the Commonwealth Range of Antarctica.	Hood Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Sartorius Point is a sharp ice-free tipped point formed by an offshoot of Viskyar Ridge and marking the south extremity of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Sartorius Point	Antarctica
continent	The Klung Islands are a group of small islands lying 1 kilometre (0.5 nmi) east of Welch Island and the Welch Rocks in the northeastern part of Holme Bay, Antarctica.	Klung Islands	Antarctica
continent	Lobosh Peak (Bulgarian: връх Лобош, ``Vrah Lobosh'' \'vr&h 'lo-bosh\) is the ice-covered peak rising to 1000 m in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, east of the upper course of Boydell Glacier.	Lobosh Peak	Antarctica
continent	Iliad Glacier (64°27′S 63°27′W) is a glacier flowing northeast from the central highlands of Anvers Island between the Achaean Range and the Trojan Range into Lapeyrere Bay, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Iliad Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mule Peninsula is an irregularly shaped rocky peninsula between Ellis Fjord and Krok Fjord in the southern part of the Vestfold Hills of Princess Elizabeth Land, Antarctica.	Mule Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	The Fid (68°39′S 65°58′W) is a sharp peak rising to 1,640 metres (5,380 ft) at the eastern side of the mouth of Cole Glacier in southern Graham Land, Antarctica.	The Fid	Antarctica
continent	Italy (i/ˈɪtəli/; Italian: Italia (iˈtaːlja)), officially the Italian Republic (Italian: Repubblica Italiana), is a unitary parliamentary republic in Europe.	Italy	Europe
continent	Donnellan Glacier (78°36′S 85°48′W) is a steep valley glacier fed by highland ice adjacent to Opalchenie Peak and Fukushima Peak on Vinson Plateau, the summit plateau of Vinson Massif, in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Donnellan Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Kingyo Rock (68°37′S 41°0′E) is a large linear rock which lies at the south side of Omega Glacier where the glacier meets the sea, on the coast of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kingyo Rock	Antarctica
continent	Cape Crozier is the most easterly point of Ross Island in Antarctica.	Cape Crozier	Antarctica
continent	Ardery Island is a steep, rocky island, about 1 km (0.62 mi) long, lying 1.8 km (1.1 mi) west of Odbert Island in the Windmill Islands of Antarctica.	Ardery Island	Antarctica
continent	Mars Glacier is a glacier in the southeastern corner of Alexander Island, Antarctica, 6 nautical miles (11 km) long and 2 nautical miles (4 km) wide, flowing south into the George VI Ice Shelf.	Mars Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Midkiff Rock (77°28′S 145°6′W) is a rock outcrop on the broad ice-covered ridge between Hammond Glacier and Swope Glacier, 6 nautical miles (11 km) east-southeast of Mount West, in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Midkiff Rock	Antarctica
continent	Kermen Peninsula (Poluostrov Kermen \po-lu-'os-trov 'ker-men\) is a 1.5-km long peninsula forming the south extremity of Robert Island, Antarctica.	Kermen Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	The Duroch Islands are a group of islands and rocks which extend over an area of about 5 km2 (1.9 sq mi), centred about 1 km (0.62 mi) off Cape Legoupil on the north coast of Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica.	Duroch Islands	Antarctica
continent	Kornicker Glacier (78°43′S 84°35′W) is a glacier draining northeastwards from the cirque bounded by Mount Liptak, Mount Southwick, Mount Milton and Mount Mullen in the southern Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Kornicker Glacier	Antarctica
continent	O'Brien Island is a small rocky island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	O'Brien Island	Antarctica
continent	Troll Satellite Station (Norwegian: Troll satelittstasjon), commonly abbreviated TrollSat, is a satellite ground station located at Troll in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Troll Satellite Station	Antarctica
continent	Hoodwink Island is an island lying 2 kilometres (1 nmi) east of Arrowsmith Peninsula in Lallemand Fjord, Graham Land, Antarctica.	Hoodwink Island	Antarctica
continent	Alexander Island, which is also known as Alexander I Island, Alexander I Land, Alexander Land, Alexander I Archipelago, and Zemlja Alexandra I, is the largest island of Antarctica.	Alexander Island	Antarctica
continent	Ellipsoid Hill (77°48′S 163°50′E) is a rounded, partly ice-covered summit, 1,130 metres (3,700 ft) high, to the north of Blue Glacier, between Geoid Glacier and Spheroid Hill, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Ellipsoid Hill	Antarctica
continent	Mount Frakes is a prominent shield volcano marking the highest elevation in the Crary Mountains, in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount Frakes	Antarctica
continent	Howkins Inlet (73°40′S 60°54′W) is an ice-filled inlet which recedes southwest for 6 nautical miles (11 km) between Cape Brooks and Lamb Point, along the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Howkins Inlet	Antarctica
continent	After the Enlightenment, most of the expeditions that went to East Africa and the Pacific had Teide as one of the most rewarding targets.	Teide	Africa
continent	Ludogorie Peak (Vrah Ludogorie \'vr&h lu-do-'go-ri-e\) is a peak rising to 350 m in Friesland Ridge, Tangra Mountains in eastern Livingston Island, South Shetland Islands in Antarctica.	Ludogorie Peak	Antarctica
continent	Enchantress Rocks is a small group of rocks lying off Elephant Point on the south side of western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Enchantress Rocks	Antarctica
continent	The Mackay Mountains (77°30′S 143°20′W) are a prominent group of peaks 10 nautical miles (19 km) south of the Allegheny Mountains in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mackay Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Podvis Col (Bulgarian: седловина Подвис, ``Sedlovina Podvis'' \se-dlo-vi-'na 'pod-vis\) is the ice-covered col of elevation 1494 m on Davis Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica, extending 1.6 km between Korten Ridge to the northwest and Detroit Plateau to the southeast.	Podvis Col	Antarctica
continent	Mexico (i/ˈmɛksᵻkoʊ/; Spanish: México (ˈmexiko)), officially the United Mexican States (Spanish: Estados Unidos Mexicanos, listen ), is a federal republic in North America.	Mexico	North America
continent	Longridge Head (67°28′S 67°40′W) is a headland at the north side of Whistling Bay on Arrowsmith Peninsula, Antarctica, marking the south end of a small coastal ridge which extends 3 nautical miles (6 km) northward along the west coast of Graham Land.	Longridge Head	Antarctica
continent	Garwood Point (74°14′S 110°36′W) is a point marking the northern extremity of Gurnon Peninsula, a northeast arm of Bear Peninsula, on the Walgreen Coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Garwood Point	Antarctica
continent	The Forgotten Hills (72°59′S 164°0′E) are a small group of hills 6 nautical miles (11 km) southeast of the Intention Nunataks, at the west side of the head of Astronaut Glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Forgotten Hills	Antarctica
continent	Flogstallen (72°36′S 2°59′W) is a flat, icecapped mountain with steep rock sides just northeast of Jokulskarvet Ridge, in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Flogstallen	Antarctica
continent	Langpollen Cove (69°26′S 39°35′E) is a long, narrow cove in the northwest part of Skarvsnes Foreland on the east side of Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica.	Langpollen Cove	Antarctica
continent	M'Clintock Bastion (80°28′S 22°28′W) is a mountain rising to about 1,400 metres (4,600 ft) to the west of Mount Kelsey in the Pioneers Escarpment, Shackleton Range, Antarctica.	M'Clintock Bastion	Antarctica
continent	Mount Lombard (64°31′S 59°38′W) is the highest peak dominating the mountain mass whose southern extremity is Cape Sobral, Graham Land, Antarctica, and surmounting Mundraga Bay to the west.	Mount Lombard	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hollingsworth (67°15′S 50°21′E) is a mountain 1 nautical mile (2 km) south of Priestley Peak, close south of Amundsen Bay in Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Mount Hollingsworth	Antarctica
continent	Kubusdaelda (71°59′S 7°26′E) is a steep, ice-filled ravine between Kubus Mountain and Klevekampen Mountain in the Filchner Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kubusdaelda	Antarctica
continent	Great Needle Peak (Bulgarian: Голям Иглен връх, ``Golyam Iglen Vrah'' \go-'lyam 'i-glen 'vr&h\; variant name in Spanish: pico Falsa Aguja, ``False Needle Peak'') is the summit of the central Levski Ridge in Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island, Antarctica.	Great Needle Peak	Antarctica
continent	Heckmann Island is the largest island in the eastern part of the Thorfinn Islands, lying 13 kilometres (7 nmi) north of Byrd Head, Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica.	Heckmann Island	Antarctica
continent	Ugain Point (Bulgarian: нос Угаин, ``Nos Ugain'' \'nos u-ga-'in\) is the point on the west coast of Rugged Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica separating Smyadovo Cove to the north and Bogomil Cove to the south.	Ugain Point	Antarctica
continent	Ichime Glacier (68°23′S 42°8′E) is a glacier flowing to the sea just west of Kasumi Rock in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Ichime Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Barne Glacier (77°36′S 166°26′E) is a steep glacier in Antarctica which descends from the western slopes of Mount Erebus and terminates on the west side of Ross Island, between Cape Barne and Cape Evans where it forms a steep ice cliff.	Barne Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Grotto Glacier is a glacier on the east coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica, which flows east into George VI Sound between Belemnite Point and Ablation Point.	Grotto Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Lair Point is a point projecting 570 m into Barclay Bay from Robbery Beaches on Byers Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and forming the east side of the entrance to Kukuzel Cove.	Lair Point	Antarctica
continent	Kjuka Headland (69°36′S 39°44′E) is a rock headland, 300 metres (1,000 ft) high, standing just north of Telen Glacier on the east side of Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica.	Kjuka Headland	Antarctica
continent	Aurdalsegga Ridge (71°44′S 12°23′E) is an irregular ridge 5 miles (8 km) long surmounted by Mount Nikolayev, rising immediately southeast of Aurdalen Valley in the Südliche Petermann Range of the Wohlthat Mountains in Antarctica.	Aurdalsegga Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Powell Island is a narrow island 13 km (8.1 mi) long and 4 km (2.5 mi) wide, lying between Coronation and Laurie Islands in the central part of the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica.	Powell Island	Antarctica
continent	The Landers Peaks (69°26′S 71°12′W) are a group of peaks 4 nautical miles (7 km) east of Mount Braun, rising to about 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) between Palestrina Glacier and Nichols Snowfield in the northern portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Landers Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Mount Alberts (73°2′S 167°52′E) is a pointed, almost completely snow-covered mountain rising to about 2,320 metres (7,610 ft), and situated 11 miles (18 km) east of Mount Phillips on the east margin of the Malta Plateau, Borchgrevink Coast, western Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Alberts	Antarctica
continent	Launch Rock (67°46′S 68°56′W) is a submerged rock lying southwest of the Glover Rocks, off the south end of Adelaide Island, Antarctica.	Launch Rock	Antarctica
continent	Mount Futago (69°12′S 39°44′E) is a small mountain with two peaks, the northern one being 240 metres (790 ft) and the southern one 245 metres (800 ft) high, in the northern part of the Langhovde Hills, Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Mount Futago	Antarctica
continent	Kokalyane Point (Bulgarian: нос Кокаляне, ``Nos Kokalyane'' \'nos ko-'ka-lya-ne\) is the point on the west coast of Rugged Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica forming the south side of the entrance to Bogomil Cove.	Kokalyane Point	Antarctica
continent	Egypt (i/ˈiːdʒɪpt/; Arabic: مِصر‎ Miṣr, Egyptian Arabic: مَصر Maṣr, Coptic: Ⲭⲏⲙⲓ Khemi), officially the Arab Republic of Egypt, is a transcontinental country spanning the northeast corner of Africa and southwest corner of Asia, via a land bridge formed by the Sinai Peninsula.	Egypt	Africa
continent	Gertrude Rock (71°17′21``S 170°13′0''E) was the northern of two rocks called The Sisters, off the northern extremity of Cape Adare, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Gertrude Rock	Antarctica
continent	Cape Felt (73°52′S 116°23′W) is an ice-covered cape which marks the north end of Wright Island, on the Bakutis Coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Cape Felt	Antarctica
continent	Kostur Point (Bulgarian: нос Костур, ``Nos Kostur'' \'nos kos-'tur\) is the point on the east coast of Brabant Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica projecting 1.4 km southwards into Hill Bay.	Kostur Point	Antarctica
continent	Houliston Glacier (72°0′S 164°34′E) is a tributary glacier between Neall Massif and the West Quartzite Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica, flowing northwest into Black Glacier.	Houliston Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Lamberts Peak (72°44′S 74°51′E) is a small peak 3 nautical miles (6 km) north-northeast of the Mason Peaks in the Grove Mountains of Antarctica.	Lamberts Peak	Antarctica
continent	Ravel Peak (69°55′S 71°17′W) is an isolated peak, rising to about 1,300 m, surmounting Debussy Heights situated in the northern portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Ravel Peak	Antarctica
continent	Cape Davidson is a cape which marks the southernmost part of Mackenzie Peninsula and the west side of the entrance to Wilton Bay, in the west part of Laurie Island in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica.	Cape Davidson	Antarctica
continent	Shoemaker Glacier (73°47′S 164°45′E) is a tributary glacier in the Southern Cross Mountains of Antarctica, flowing east along the south side of Daley Hills to Aviator Glacier, in Victoria Land.	Shoemaker Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Gamburtsev Mountain Range (also known as the Gamburtsev Subglacial Mountains) is a subglacial mountain range located in East Antarctica, just underneath the lofty Dome A, near the Southern Pole of Inaccessibility.	Gamburtsev Mountain Range	Antarctica
continent	Cape Markov (66°46′S 50°16′E) is an ice cape on the east side of Amundsen Bay, situated 7 nautical miles (13 km) west of Mount Riiser-Larsen in Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Cape Markov	Antarctica
continent	Mechnikov Peak (71°37′S 11°28′E) is a prominent peak, 2,365 metres (7,760 ft) high, at the base of the spur separating Schussel Cirque and Grautskåla Cirque in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Mechnikov Peak	Antarctica
continent	Kosiba Wall (67°31′S 66°55′W) is a cliff face rising to 1,180 metres (3,870 ft) at the northeastern end of Blaiklock Island, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Kosiba Wall	Antarctica
continent	Express Island is a narrow craggy island, 1.23 kilometres (0.76 mi) long, lying close offshore of northwest Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Express Island	Antarctica
continent	Evans Peak (78°17′S 85°58′W) is a prominent rock peak, 3,950 metres (12,960 ft) high, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) east-northeast of Mount Ostenso in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Evans Peak	Antarctica
continent	Gordon Valley (84°23′S 164°0′E) is a small valley, the western half of which is occupied by a lobe of ice from Walcott Neve, lying west of Mount Falla in the Queen Alexandra Range, Antarctica.	Gordon Valley	Antarctica
continent	Jester Rock, also known as Page Rock is a small isolated rock in Marguerite Bay, Antarctica, lying midway between Emperor Island and the Noble Rocks in the Dion Islands.	Jester Rock	Antarctica
continent	Inman Nunatak (74°49′S 98°54′W) is a nunatak standing 6 miles (10 km) east of Mount Manthe in the southeastern part of the Hudson Mountains, Antarctica.	Inman Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Ptsich River (Belarusian: Пціч, (ptsʲitʂ)) is a river in Eastern Europe, of approximately 421 km (262 mi) length.	Ptsich	Europe
continent	McCraw Glacier (80°7′S 156°35′E) is a glacier in the Britannia Range, Antarctica, draining the northwest slopes of Mount Olympus and flowing north, westward of Johnstone Ridge, to enter Hatherton Glacier.	McCraw Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Ball Peninsula (72°8′S 98°3′W) is a broad ice-covered peninsula on the north side of Thurston Island, Antarctica.	Ball Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Purcell Snowfield (70°29′S 69°55′W) is a snowfield, 15 nautical miles (28 km) wide, lying between the east portion of the Colbert Mountains and the west side of the Douglas Range in the central part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Purcell Snowfield	Antarctica
continent	Salisbury Bluff is the point forming the south side of the entrance to Las Palmas Cove in Hurd Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and surmounted by a 161 m height.	Salisbury Bluff	Antarctica
continent	The Insel Range (77°24′S 161°18′E) is a series of ice-free flat-topped peaks resembling islands which rise above the surrounding terrain and separate McKelvey Valley from Balham Valley, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Insel Range	Antarctica
continent	Lookout Dome (83°3′S 156°27′E) is an ice-covered, dome-shaped mountain, 2,470 metres (8,100 ft) high, in the Miller Range, Antarctica.	Lookout Dome	Antarctica
continent	Malmgren Bay (65°45′S 66°7′W) is a bay indenting the west side of Renaud Island immediately north of Speerschneider Point, in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica.	Malmgren Bay	Antarctica
continent	Keel Island is an island lying 2 kilometres (1 nmi) south of Fold Island on the east side of Stefansson Bay, off the coast of Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Keel Island	Antarctica
continent	The Victory Mountains (72°40′S 168°00′E) is a major group of mountains in Victoria Land, Antarctica, about 160 kilometres (99 mi) long and 80 km (50 mi) wide, which is bounded primarily by Mariner and Tucker glaciers and the Ross Sea.	Victory Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Cameroon (/ˌkæməˈruːn/; French: Cameroun), officially the Republic of Cameroon (French: République du Cameroun), is a country in Central Africa.	Cameroon	Africa
continent	Cape Dayman (70°46′S 167°24′E) is a cape on the north side of Tapsell Foreland that forms the south side of the entrance to Yule Bay, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Cape Dayman	Antarctica
continent	Dyment Island is a small island lying 9 kilometres (5 nmi) southwest of the McKinzie Islands in the inner-central part of Cranton Bay, Antarctica.	Dyment Island	Antarctica
continent	Macedonia (i/ˌmæsᵻˈdoʊniə/ mas-i-DOH-nee-ə; Macedonian: Македонија, tr. Makedonija, IPA: (makɛˈdɔnija)), officially the Republic of Macedonia (Macedonian: Република Македонија , tr. Republika Makedonija), is a country located in the central Balkan peninsula in Southeast Europe.	Republic of Macedonia	Europe
continent	Ellyard Nunatak (70°19′S 64°54′E) is a nunatak on the north side of Scylla Glacier, about 7 nautical miles (13 km) south-southeast of Mount Bechervaise, in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Ellyard Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Graben Horn (German: Grabenhorn, 71°48′S 12°2′E) is a prominent horn or cone-shaped peak, 2,815 metres (9,240 ft) high, rising at the east side of Humboldt Graben in Antarctica.	Graben Horn	Antarctica
continent	Davey Point is a conspicuous rocky headland 6 km (3.7 mi) south-west of Round Point on the north coast of King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Davey Point	Antarctica
continent	Bennett Dome (71°48′S 73°3′W) is a rounded snow-covered peninsula on the south side of Beethoven Peninsula, Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Bennett Dome	Antarctica
continent	Mount Holm-Hansen (77°36′S 162°11′E) is a prominent mountain rising to 1,920 metres (6,300 ft) between the lower David Valley and Bartley Glacier in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Holm-Hansen	Antarctica
continent	Kroshka Island is the smaller of two ice-covered islands lying close together in the Fimbul Ice Shelf, along the coast of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kroshka Island	Antarctica
continent	Thanaron Point (63°30′S 58°40′W) is a rock point on the east side of the end of Malorad Glacier, situated 8 nautical miles (15 km) east-northeast of Cape Roquemaurel on Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica.	Thanaron Point	Antarctica
continent	The Terra Firma Islands are a small group of islands lying 15 kilometres (8 nmi) north of Cape Berteaux, off the west coast of Graham Land in West Antarctica.	Terra Firma Islands	Antarctica
continent	Bates Island is a narrow island 5 km (3.1 mi) long lying east of Jurva Point, Renaud Island, in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica.	Bates Island	Antarctica
continent	Ivaylo Cove (Bulgarian: Ивайлов залив, ``Ivaylov Zaliv'' \i-'vay-lov 'za-liv\) is the 500 m wide cove indenting for 900 m the east coast of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Ivaylo Cove	Antarctica
continent	Uganda (/juːˈɡændə/ yew-GAN-də or /juːˈɡɑːndə/ yew-GAHN-də), officially the Republic of Uganda, is a landlocked country in East Africa.	Uganda	Africa
continent	The Leopold and Astrid Coast (67°20′S 84°30′E) is that portion of the coast of Antarctica lying between the western extremity of the West Ice Shelf, at 81°24′E, and Cape Penck, at 87°43′E. It is located in the eastern half of Princess Elizabeth Land.	Leopold and Astrid Coast	Antarctica
continent	Klinger Ridge (74°43′S 114°0′W) is an ice-covered ridge south of Martin Peninsula, extending northeast from the Jenkins Heights between McClinton Glacier and Dorchuck Glacier on Bakutis Coast, Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Klinger Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Vince Nunatak (77°30′S 163°22′E) is a nunatak of Antarctica.	Vince Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	McNeile Glacier (63°54′S 59°26′W) is a glacier flowing northward to the southeast side of Almond Point where it enters Charcot Bay, on the west side of Graham Land, Antarctica.	McNeile Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Duffy Peak (71°45′S 70°40′W) is a peak southeast of Hageman Peak in the Staccato Peaks, southwest Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Duffy Peak	Antarctica
country	Ban Chiang (Thai: แหล่งโบราณคดี บ้านเชียง) is an archeological site in Nong Han District, Udon Thani Province, Thailand.	Ban Chiang	Thailand
country	The Manitoba Labour Party (MLP) was a reformist, non-Marxist labour party in Manitoba, Canada.	Manitoba Labour Party	Canada
country	Kakehsiab (Persian: كاكه سياب‎, also Romanized as Kākehsīāb) is a village in Saheb Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kakehsiab	Iran
country	Pusztavacs is a village in Dabas district, Pest county, Hungary, about 54 km south-east of the capital Budapest.	Pusztavacs	Hungary
country	Hotel Dajti was a hotel near Rinia Park in central Tirana, Albania.	Hotel Dajti	Albania
country	Neurowear is a gadget project organization in Japan founded on the concept of the ``Augumented Human Body''.	Neurowear	Japan
country	Nobressart is a village in Luxembourg Province, in southern Belgium.	Nobressart	Belgium
country	The Palazzo Medici, also called the Palazzo Medici Riccardi after the later family that acquired and expanded it, is a Renaissance palace located in Florence, Italy.	Palazzo Medici Riccardi	Italy
country	East London railway station is the central railway station in the city of East London in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	East London railway station	South Africa
country	Monsignor Fraser College (also called as Monsignor Fraser, MFC, or Fraser) is a Roman Catholic specialized dual-track Alternative and Adult High School run by the Toronto Catholic District School Board in Toronto, Ontario, Canada with six campuses and various programs.	Monsignor Fraser College	Canada
country	Aulnay-sous-Bois (French pronunciation: ​(ɔnɛsubwa)) is a French commune in the Seine-Saint-Denis department in the Île-de-France region in the north-eastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Aulnay-sous-Bois	France
country	Monte Pecoraro is a mountain in the Serre Calabresi, in southern Calabria, southern Italy.	Monte Pecoraro	Italy
country	Komarivka (Ukrainian: Комарівка; also Kamarovka) is a village in the Odessa Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Komarivka	Ukraine
country	Seconed Canyon Cone, also called Canyon Creek Cone is a cinder cone in the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains in northwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Seconed Canyon Cone	Canada
country	The University of Dschang is located in West Cameroon, about 425 kilometers northwest of Yaounde.	University of Dschang	Cameroon
country	Zhengzhou has been one of the major industrial cities in The People's Republic of China since 1949.	Zhengzhou	People's Republic of China
country	Sant Feliu de Llobregat Cathedral or the Cathedral of Saint Lawrence (Catalan: Catedral de Sant Feliu de Llobregat, Catedral de Sant Llorenç, Spanish: Catedral de San Feliú de Llobregat, Catedral de San Lorenzo) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Sant Feliu de Llobregat, Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Feliu de Llobregat Cathedral	Spain
country	Kottappuzha is a tributary of Kuthirappuzha which is a tributary of Chaliyar river in Kerala, India.	Kottappuzha	India
country	The Kanhar River (Hindi: कनहर नदी) is a tributary of the Son River and flows through the India states of Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Uttar Pradesh.	Kanhar River	India
country	Großostheim (or Grossostheim) is a market community in the Aschaffenburg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany.	Großostheim	Germany
country	Tampereen Peli-Pojat-70 (abbreviated PP-70) is a football club from Tampere, Finland that was established in 1970.	Tampereen Peli-Pojat-70	Finland
country	Regla (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈreɣla)) is one of the 15 municipalities or boroughs (municipios in Spanish) in the city of Havana, Cuba.	Regla	Cuba
country	Cedeira is a municipality in the province of A Coruña in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain.	Cedeira	Spain
country	Ibtin (Arabic: إبطن‎; Hebrew: אִבְּטִין) is a Bedouin village in northern Israel.	Ibtin	Israel
country	Łękno is a municipal neighborhood of the Szczecin City, Poland situated on the left bank of Oder river, north-west of the Szczecin Old Town and Middle Town.	Łękno	Poland
country	Ibn Sina Hospital is a hospital in Baghdad, Iraq which was built by four Iraqi doctors --	Ibn Sina Hospital	Iraq
country	Dolnje Ložine (pronounced (ˈdoːlnjɛ lɔˈʒiːnɛ); in older sources also Dolenje Ložine, German: Niederloschin) is a small settlement in the Upper Rinža Valley northwest of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Dolnje Ložine	Slovenia
country	The Pollino (Italian: Massiccio del Pollino) is a massif in the southern Apennines, on the border between Calabria and Basilicata, southern Italy.	Pollino	Italy
country	The Dory Rips is a phenomenon involving extreme tidal agitation of waters located in the Bay of Fundy off the headland of Cape d'Or in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Dory Rips	Canada
country	Marracuene, earlier known as Vila Luísa is a town in Mozambique's Maputo Province in Marracuene District, located 30 km north of Maputo on the Incomati River.	Marracuene	Mozambique
country	Gat Rimon (Hebrew: גַּת רִמּוֹן, lit. Pomegranate press) is a moshav in central Israel.	Gat Rimon	Israel
country	In some areas of Switzerland (Berner Oberland or Graubünden) a Bäuert is a small farming community.	Bäuert	Switzerland
country	Santragachhi or Santragachi is a neighbourhood of Howrah city in West Bengal, India.	Santragachhi	India
country	Condolden is a hill in north Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Condolden	United Kingdom
country	PalaTorino (formally PalaStampa and Mazda Palace) is an indoor sports arena, located in Turin, Italy.	PalaTorino	Italy
country	Djergalchak Game Reserve is a specially protected area located in river basins of Big and Small Djergalchak of Jeti-Oguz District of Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Djergalchak Game Reserve	Kyrgyzstan
country	Bampini (Greek: Μπαμπίνη) is a village located in the northern part of the municipal unit of Astakos in the western part of Aetolia-Acarnania, Greece.	Bampini	Greece
country	Lembeek is a village with a population of 7 256 in the municipality of Halle, Belgium.	Lembeek	Belgium
country	The Marché des Enfants Rouges is the oldest covered market in Paris, France.	Marché des Enfants Rouges	France
country	Lakhta railway station (Russian: Ста́нция Ла́хта) is a railway station serving Lakhta, Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Lakhta railway station	Russia
country	Marzan Kalateh (Persian: مرزن كلاته‎, also Romanized as Marzan Kalāteh) is a village in Estarabad-e Shomali Rural District, Baharan District, Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Marzan Kalateh	Iran
country	Kamarzavan (Persian: كمرضوان‎, also Romanized as Kamarz̤avān) is a village in Mehran Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kamarzavan	Iran
country	Founded in 1958 and administered by the Veterans Affairs Commission of Taiwan, Taipei Veterans General Hospital (Chinese: 台北榮民總醫院; pinyin: Táiběi Róngmín Zǒngyī Yuàn) is a national first class medical center and a teaching hospital which provides tertiary patient care, undergraduate medical education programs and residency programs in Taiwan.	Taipei Veterans General Hospital	Taiwan
country	The Colca River or Qullqa River (Quechua qullqa deposit) which downstream is called Majes and Camaná is a Peruvian river in the Arequipa Region that flows deep in the rugged Andes of southern Peru.	Colca River	Peru
country	Student Union in Sundsvall at Mid Sweden University is a students' union representing students studying on campus Sundsvall at Mid Sweden University, and those distance students who are registered in Sundsvall.	Student Union in Sundsvall	Sweden
country	Neor Lake (Persian: دریاچه نِئور , Azerbaijani: نوئور گؤلو) is a shallow lake located in a hilly area south of the Iranian Province of Ardabil in the Baghrudagh mountain range in North West Iran.	Neor Lake	Iran
country	Super Manège (The Super Ride) is a steel roller coaster at La Ronde in Montreal, Canada.	Super Manège	Canada
country	Tõrvandi is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Ülenurme Parish, Tartu County, Estonia.	Tõrvandi	Estonia
country	Lüneburg Water Tower (German: Wasserturm Lüneburg) is a water tower in the southeastern part of the Lüneburg old town in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Lüneburg Water Tower	Germany
country	Radomyśl Wielki (raˈdɔmɨɕl ˈvʲɛlkʲi) is a town Subcarpathian Voivodeship, Poland, with a population of 2,962 inhabitants (02.06.2009).	Radomyśl Wielki	Poland
country	Sisak Synagogue was the 19th century synagogue in Sisak, Croatia built in the 1880.	Sisak Synagogue	Croatia
country	Hester Avenue (previously known as Quinns Road) is an east-west distributor road in the outer northern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia, located within the City of Wanneroo.	Hester Avenue	Australia
country	Stary Górnik (ˈstarɨ ˈɡurnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława, within Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stary Górnik	Poland
country	Cité Internationale Universitaire de Paris (48°49′16``N 2°20′17''E), CIUP, Cité U, is a private park and foundation located in Paris, France.	Cité Internationale Universitaire de Paris	France
country	Cape Finniss (also spelt Cape Finnis) is a headland located at the southern extremity of Anxious Bay on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) Northwest by west of the town of Elliston.	Cape Finniss	Australia
country	Rebizanty (rɛbiˈzantɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rebizanty	Poland
country	Verkhnyaya Salda (Russian: Ве́рхняя Салда) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Salda River (right tributary of the Tagil), 195 kilometers (121 mi) north of Yekaterinburg.	Verkhnyaya Salda	Russia
country	The Burnaby Refinery is an oil refinery located in the city of Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada owned by Chevron.	Burnaby Refinery	Canada
country	The Sierras Pampeanas (also called Central Sierras or Pampas Sierras) (English: Pampas Mountains) is a geographical region of Argentina.	Sierras Pampeanas	Argentina
country	The Ninglinspo is a stream in Belgium, tributary of the Amblève upstream from Remouchamps around Quarreux.	Ninglinspo	Belgium
country	The Autovía RM-2 (also known as Autovía Alhama - Campo de Cartagena) is a local autovía in the Region of Murcia, Spain.	Autovía RM-2	Spain
country	Paskov is a town in the Czech Republic with 3,841 people as of 2006.	Paskov	Czech Republic
country	Apoteri is a community in the Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo Region of Guyana, near the confluence of the Rupununi River with the Essequibo, at an altitude of 53 metres (177 feet).	Apoteri	Guyana
country	Tavua Island is an island of the Mamanuca Islands, Fiji.	Tavua Island	Fiji
country	Seneca College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public college located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Seneca College	Canada
country	Sokoine University of Agriculture (SUA) is a public university in Morogoro, Tanzania, specializing in agriculture.	Sokoine University of Agriculture	Tanzania
country	Notzingen is a town in the district of Esslingen in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.	Notzingen	Germany
country	Jur River County is a county in Western Bahr el Ghazal state in South Sudan, located in east and northeast parts of the state, Jur River County is divided into six payams (districts):	Jur River County	South Sudan
country	Trinity School of Medicine (TSOM) is an offshore private medical school located in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.	Trinity School of Medicine	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
country	Another, taken from the 1910 publication ``New Trails in Mexico'' by Karl Lumholtz is that the name Oquitoa is taken from the O'odham or Piman Phrase, Hukit'o, ``next to'' or ``nearby''(Lumholtz, p. 391, 1990) in reference to the nearby San Ignacio river.	Oquitoa	Mexico
country	The Hispar Valley (Urdu.وادی ہسپر)is the last Valley of Nagar Valley in the Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan.	Hispar Valley	Pakistan
country	Kolangur (Persian: كلنگور‎, also Romanized as Kolangūr) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kolangur	Iran
country	The St. Teodora de la Sihla Church (Romanian: Biserica Sfânta Teodora de la Sihla) is a cathedral in Central Chişinău, Moldova.	St. Teodora de la Sihla Church	Moldova
country	Juliusz Słowacki Theatre in Kraków, Poland, (Polish: Teatr im. Juliusza Słowackiego w Krakowie), erected in 1893, was modeled after some of the best European Baroque theatres such as the Paris Opera designed by Charles Garnier, and named after Polish poet Juliusz Słowacki in 1909.	Juliusz Słowacki Theatre	Poland
country	King George VI Falls, also known as Salto Oshi or Oshi Falls, is located on the Oshi River in western Guyana.	King George VI Falls	Guyana
country	The Point Lepreau Nuclear Generating Station is the only nuclear generating facility located in Atlantic Canada and consists of a single CANDU nuclear reactor located on the northern shore of the Bay of Fundy, having a net capacity of 660 MW (705 MW gross).	Point Lepreau Nuclear Generating Station	Canada
country	The Danyang North Railway Station (Simplified Chinese: 丹阳北站) is a high-speed railway station in Danyang, Jiangsu, People's Republic of China.	Danyang North Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	The Kaniv Reservoir (Ukrainian: Канівське водосховище, Kanivs'ke vodoskhovyshche) is a water reservoir located on the Dnieper River in Ukraine.	Kaniv Reservoir	Ukraine
country	Qaleh Rasul Seyat (Persian: قلعه رسول سيت‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Rasūl Seyat) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 478, in 104 families.	Qaleh Rasul Seyat	Iran
country	The NS Documentation Centre of the City of Cologne (German: NS-Dokumentationszentrum der Stadt Köln) was founded by a resolution passed by the Cologne city council on December 13, 1979 and has become the largest regional memorial site in all of Germany for the victims of the Nazis.	NS Documentation Centre of the City of Cologne	Germany
country	Mac's Convenience Stores is a chain of convenience stores in Canada.	Mac's Convenience Stores	Canada
country	Aguas Nuevas is a village in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Aguas Nuevas	Spain
country	Stabbursdalen National Park (Norwegian: Stabbursdalen nasjonalpark) lies in North Norway.	Stabbursdalen National Park	Norway
country	Banteay Srei District (Khmer: ស្រុកបន្ទាយស្រី) is a district located in Siem Reap Province, in north-west Cambodia.	Banteay Srei District	Cambodia
country	Christian Outreach College Toowoomba (known as ``COCT'') is independent, co-educational, Christian day school, located in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia which offers education from prep through grade 12.	Christian Outreach College Toowoomba	Australia
country	Vestoppland is a traditional district in Oppland, Norway.	Vestoppland	Norway
country	Winterthur Grüze railway station (German: Bahnhof Winterthur Grüze) is a railway station that serves Grüze, an industrial zone in district number 2, Winterthur, a city in the canton of Zürich, Switzerland.	Winterthur Grüze railway station	Switzerland
country	Wólka Szczycieńska (ˈvulka ʂt͡ʂɨˈt͡ɕeɲska) (German: Lentzienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wólka Szczycieńska	Poland
country	Forepark is a business park in The Hague, Netherlands, east of the Prins Clausplein highway interchange (A4 and A12).	Forepark	Netherlands
country	Barnkowo (barnˈkɔvɔ) (German: Bernickow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Barnkowo	Poland
country	Dackarna is a speedway club from Målilla in Sweden who compete in the Swedish Elitserien.	Dackarna	Sweden
country	The Campeonato de Fútbol Femenino is the main league competition for women's football (soccer) in Argentina.	Campeonato de Fútbol Femenino	Argentina
country	The Sekyere South District, formerly the Afigya-Sekyere District is one of the twenty-seven (27) districts in the Ashanti Region of Ghana.	Sekyere South District	Ghana
country	Satapuala is a village situated on the north west coast Upolu island in Samoa.	Satapuala	Samoa
country	Opladen is an ideal centre from which to explore the Wuppertal area of Germany.	Opladen	Germany
country	Zeda Sakara (also known as Sakara Verkhnyaya) is a community in the west of Georgia, about 40 km to the southeast of Kutaisi at an elevation of about 264 m, in the Zestaponi District.	Zeda Sakara	Georgia
country	Darrehchileh (Persian: دره چيله‎, also Romanized as Darrehchīleh) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Mugui Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Darrehchileh	Iran
country	Darband-e Loran (Persian: دربندلران‎, also Romanized as Darband-e Lorān; also known as Darband) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Darband-e Loran	Iran
country	Gübsensee is a reservoir near the city of St. Gallen, Switzerland.	Gübsensee	Switzerland
country	The Pancyprian Gymnasium (Παγκύπριο Γυμνάσιο) was founded in 1812 by Archbishop Kyprianos at a time when Cyprus was still under Ottoman rule.	Pancyprian Gymnasium	Cyprus
country	Fort Simpson Airport (IATA: YFS, ICAO: CYFS) is located 7.4 nautical miles (13.7 km; 8.5 mi) east southeast of Fort Simpson, Northwest Territories, Canada.	Fort Simpson Airport	Canada
country	Mežvidi parish (Latvian: Mežvidu pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Kārsava Municipality, Latvia.	Mežvidi parish	Latvia
country	The Museo di Palazzo Mocenigo (aka Palazzo Mocenigo di San Stae) is a palazzo near the Church of San Stae, south of the Grand Canal in the sestiere of Santa Croce in Venice, Italy.	Museo di Palazzo Mocenigo	Italy
country	The Heilige Hallen are one of the oldest beech woods in Germany and are found in the district of Mecklenburgische Seenplatte in Mecklenburg, 3.5 kilometres west of Feldberg.	Heilige Hallen	Germany
country	Deuna is a Thuringian municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Germany.	Deuna	Germany
country	The Lycian Way is a long-distance footpath in Turkey around part of the coast of ancient Lycia.	Lycian Way	Turkey
country	Val Ferret is the name of the two separate valleys, departing from the Col Ferret on the border between Italy and Switzerland, on the southern and eastern sides of the Mont Blanc Massif.	Val Ferret	Italy	Switzerland
country	As per census of India 2011, Tohana had a population of 63799 and 12642 house holds.	Tohana	India
country	Siah Cheshem (Persian: سياه چشم‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Cheshem) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Siah Cheshem	Iran
country	Road and Street Traffic Awareness (RASTA 88.6 FM) is a radio station in Lahore, Pakistan that broadcasts traffic information 24 hours a day on 88.6 MHz on the FM broadcast band.	Road and Street Traffic Awareness	Pakistan
country	Lake Beyşehir (Turkish: Beyşehir Gölü) is a large freshwater lake in Konya provinces, southwestern part of Turkey.	Lake Beyşehir	Turkey
country	Gambe village in the Tola-Binyeri District of Mayo-Belwa Local Government Area of Adamawa State in the eastern region of Nigeria is an ancient settlement dating back to about the seventeenth century.	Gambe	Nigeria
country	The Bakhuis Mountains (Dutch: Bakhuisgebergte) are a mountain range in central Suriname, spanning 110 kilometres.	Bakhuis Mountains	Suriname
country	Bathurst Bay is the name of a 19th-century peninsula settlement that is now a tourist attraction on Cape York in northern Queensland, Australia, near the Great Barrier Reef.	Bathurst Bay	Australia
country	The Jardin Georges Delaselle is a historic botanical garden located on the Île de Batz, Finistère, in the region of Brittany, France.	Jardin Georges Delaselle	France
country	Ovidius University of Constanta is a public higher education institution in Constanţa,Romania founded in 1961 as a Pedagogical Institute and transformed into a comprehensive university in 1990.	Ovidius University	Romania
country	The Taichung Line (Chinese: 台中線 or 臺中線; pinyin: Táizhōng Xiàn), also known as the Mountain Line (Chinese: 山線; pinyin: Shān Xiàn), is a line of the Taiwan Railway Administration.	Taichung Line	Taiwan
country	Radzovce (Hungarian: Ragyolc) is a village and municipality in the Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Radzovce	Slovakia
country	Mohammad Salah (Persian: محمدصلاح‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Şalāḩ and Moḩammad Şāleḩ) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Salah	Iran
country	Chotusice (German: Chotusitz) is a village in the Kutná Hora District, Czech Republic.	Chotusice	Czech Republic
country	Gornji Suhor pri Metliki (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnji ˈsuːxɔɾ pɾi mɛˈtliːki); German: Obersuchor bei Möttling) is a settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia, right on the border with Croatia.	Gornji Suhor pri Metliki	Slovenia
country	The Visby lenses are a collection of lens-shaped manufactured objects made of rock crystal (quartz) found in several Viking graves on the island of Gotland, Sweden, and dating from the 11th or 12th century.	Visby lenses	Sweden
country	Ormož railway station (Slovene: Železniška postaja Ormož) is the railway station in Ormož, Slovenia, which lies on the left bank of the river Drava and borders with Croatia on that river's opposite bank.	Ormož railway station	Slovenia
country	Zeugma Mosaic Museum, in the town of Gaziantep, Turkey, is the biggest mosaic museum on the world, containing 1700m2 of mosaics.	Zeugma Mosaic Museum	Turkey
country	The Municipality of Rogatec (Slovene: Občina Rogatec) is a municipality in eastern Slovenia, on the border with Croatia.	Municipality of Rogatec	Slovenia
country	Hîrjău (Ukrainian: Єржово, Yerzhovo, Russian: Ержово) is a commune in the Rîbnița District of Transnistria, Moldova.	Hîrjău	Moldova
country	Wanstead High School (WHS), formerly Wanstead County High School, is a co-educational, non-denominational, comprehensive secondary school in Wanstead, London, United Kingdom.	Wanstead High School	United Kingdom
country	Lhota (Kladno District) is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Lhota (Kladno District)	Czech Republic
country	The Henry Lawson High School (THLHS) is located in Grenfell, a country town in the mid-west of New South Wales, Australia.	Henry Lawson High School	Australia
country	Stepanavan Airport (ICAO: UDLS) is a civil airport serving the city of Stepanavan and the province of Lori, in the country of Armenia.	Stepanavan Airport	Armenia
country	Katanga TV Tower is a tower located at Jabalpur in Madhya Pradesh, India.	Katanga TV Tower	India
country	Piotry (ˈpjɔtrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzichowo, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Piotry	Poland
country	The Port of Geelong is located on the shores of Corio Bay at Geelong, Victoria, Australia.	Port of Geelong	Australia
country	Allégade (lit. ``Avenue Street'') is the oldest street in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Allégade	Denmark
country	Hucisko-Bania (xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ ˈbaɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Hucisko-Bania	Poland
country	Arabbabirkhanly is a village in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Arabbabirkhanly	Azerbaijan
country	Quiberon (Breton: Kiberen) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in western France.	Quiberon	France
country	Lernanist (Armenian: Լեռնանիստ, also Romanized as Lerrnanist; formerly, Verin Akhta and Verkhnyaya Akhta) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Lernanist	Armenia
country	The Achva Academic College is located on the seam line between the Negev desert and central Israel.	Achva Academic College	Israel
country	The Western Forest Complex, straddling two countries, Thailand and Myanmar, including 19 national parks and wildlife sanctuaries, is the main biodiversity conservation corridor of the region.	Western Forest Complex	Thailand
country	Xixerella (Catalan pronunciation: (ʃiʃəˈɾɛʎə), locally: (ʃiʃeˈɾeʎa)) is an urbanization of around 20 houses in the La Massana parish of the principality of Andorra.	Xixerella	Andorra
country	Dunedin North, also known as North Dunedin, is a major inner suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin, located 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) northeast of the city centre.	Dunedin North	New Zealand
country	Doha River is a river in southwestern Ethiopia.	Doha River	Ethiopia
country	Gulf of Patience (Russian: Залив Терпения, Zaliv Terpeniya; Japanese: 多来加湾, Taraika wan) is a large body of water off the southeastern coast of Sakhalin, Russia, between the main body of Sakhalin Island in the west and Cape Patience in the east.	Gulf of Patience	Russia
country	Paras Nath Kushwaha College or PNK College, Achhua, Bihar, India is established in 1978 and affiliated under Magadh University.	Paras Nath Kushwaha College	India
country	Petra Jaya State Mosque is a new state mosque of Sarawak, located in Petra Jaya, Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia.	Petra Jaya State Mosque	Malaysia
country	Fener is a neighborhood midway up the Golden Horn within the district of Fatih in Istanbul, Turkey.	Fener	Turkey
country	Gersloot (West Frisian: Gersleat) is a small village in Heerenveen in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Gersloot	Netherlands
country	Naihati is a town and an important railway junction station on the Indian Railways network, in the district of North 24 Parganas, West Bengal, India.	Naihati	India
country	Kwiatonowice (kfjatɔnɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorlice, within Gorlice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kwiatonowice	Poland
country	The Santa Ana Volcano or Ilamatepec (Spanish: volcán de Santa Ana) is a large stratovolcano located in the Santa Ana department of El Salvador.	Santa Ana Volcano	El Salvador
country	Pasand Khan (Persian: پسندخان‎, also Romanized as Pasand Khān) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Pasand Khan	Iran
country	Tuchoměřice is a village in the Czech Republic, located near Prague in the Prague-West District of the Central Bohemian Region.	Tuchoměřice	Czech Republic
country	Wilków-Kolonia (ˈvilkuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wilków-Kolonia	Poland
country	Deemed one of the Seven Wonders of Russia, the Manpupuner rock formations are a very popular attraction in Russia, though not well known internationally and relatively unspoiled by tourism.	Manpupuner rock formations	Russia
country	The Danish School of Media and Journalism (Danish language: Danmarks Medie- og Journalisthøjskole) or DMJX is a higher educational institution located in Aarhus, Denmark.	Danish School of Media and Journalism	Denmark
country	Jørgen Olufsen's House (Danish: Jørgen Olufsen's Gård) is located in Aalborg, Denmark.	Jørgen Olufsen's House	Denmark
country	Kannamkulangara/Kannankulangara is a desam (area) in the Southern part of Thrissur which is a part of OR intersected with Koorkenchery; in Kerala state, South India.	Kannamkulangara	India
country	Bjelašnica (pronounced (bjělaːʃnit͡sa)) is a mountain in central Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bjelašnica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Alfred River is a river in New Zealand's Tasman region.	Alfred River	New Zealand
country	Dugna (Russian: Дугна́) is an urban locality (a settlement) in Ferzikovsky District of Kaluga Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Dugna River, 18 kilometers (11 mi) from Ferzikovo, on the main rail line between Kaluga and Tula.	Dugna	Russia
country	Akuafo Hall otherwise referred to as the Hall of Excellence is the second Hall of residence to be established in the University College of the Gold Coast now University of Ghana.	Akuafo Hall	Ghana
country	Ankara University (Turkish: Ankara Üniversitesi) is a public university in Ankara, the capital city of Turkey.	Ankara University	Turkey
country	The Frankfurt western stations were a group of three stations on the western edge of the former city walls of Frankfurt am Main, Germany between the modern Willy-Brandt-Platz, then the location of Gallustor (Gallus gate) and Taunustor (Taunus gate).	Frankfurt western stations	Germany
country	Nuskova (pronounced (ˈnuːskɔʋa); Hungarian: Dióslak, Prekmurje Slovene: Noskova, German: Rotterberg or Rottenberg) is a village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Nuskova	Slovenia
country	Yakutsk (Russian: Якутск; IPA: (jɪˈkutsk); Yakut: Дьокуускай, Jokūskaĭ, pronounced (ɟokuːskaj)) is the capital city of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located about 450 kilometers (280 mi) south of the Arctic Circle.	Yakutsk	Russia
country	Laholm Bay Beach (Sw. Laholmsbuktens strand) is the longest sandy beach in Sweden.	Laholm Bay Beach	Sweden
country	The Red and Black Alliance (Albanian: Aleanca Kuq e Zi) is a nationalist political party in Albania.	Red and Black Alliance	Albania
country	Khun Tan Railway Station is a railway station on the Northern Line located in Lamphun Province, Thailand.	Khun Tan Railway Station	Thailand
country	The Stade d'Angondjé is a stadium in Angondjé, a suburb of Libreville in Gabon.	Stade d'Angondjé	Gabon
country	The Swan River Colony was a British settlement established in 1829 on the Swan River, in Western Australia.	Swan River Colony	Australia
country	Andorsjøen (Southern Sami: Aantesjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Snåsa in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Andorsjøen	Norway
country	Ujué (Uxue in Basque) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Ujué	Spain
country	Trondheim Sporvei was a municipally owned tram operator in Trondheim, Norway that existed between 1936 and 1974.	Trondheim Sporvei	Norway
country	Montenerodomo is a comune and town in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy, southeast of Rome.	Montenerodomo	Italy
country	Oreanda (Ukrainian and Russian: Ореанда; Crimean Tatar: Oreanda) is an urban-type settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Oreanda	Ukraine
country	Viking Line is a Finnish shipping company that operates a fleet of ferries and cruiseferries between Finland, the Åland Islands, Sweden and Estonia.	Viking Line	Finland
country	Ahmad Salar-e Kalat Tayebi (Persian: احمدسلاركلات طيبي‎, also Romanized as Aḩmad Sālār-e Kalāt Ţayebī; also known as Aḩmad Sālār) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ahmad Salar-e Kalat Tayebi	Iran
country	Bahrain Telecommunications Company (Batelco) (Arabic: بتلكو‎) is the principal telecommunications company in the Kingdom of Bahrain.	Batelco	Bahrain
country	The Hiellen River is a river on Graham Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands of British Columbia, Canada.	Hiellen River	Canada
country	The Autovía A-92M is a local autovía in the community of Andalusia, Spain.	Autovía A-92M	Spain
country	Nydam Mose (``Nydam Bog'') is an archaeological site located at Øster Sottrup, a town located in Sundeved, eight kilometres from Sønderborg, Denmark.	Nydam Mose	Denmark
country	The Centro de Convenciones de Tampico (English: Tampico Convention Center) is an 8,500-seat indoor arena and convention center located in Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico.	Centro de Convenciones de Tampico	Mexico
country	Aran and Bidgol Brick Factory (Persian: مجتمع كوره هاي اجرپزي آران وبيدگل‎ -- Mojtame`-ye Kūreh Hāy Ājorpazī-ye Ārān va Bīdgol) is a village and company town in Sefiddasht Rural District, in the Central District of Aran va Bidgol County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Aran and Bidgol Brick Factory	Iran
country	Norderney is one of the seven populated East Frisian Islands off the North Sea coast of Germany.	Norderney	Germany
country	Sharbithat (Arabic: شربيتات‎) is a coastal town in Dhofar, Oman.	Sharbithat	Oman
country	Dera Ghazi Khan railway station (Urdu: ڈیرہ غازی خا ن ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located at Dera Ghazi Khan, Pakistan.	Dera Ghazi Khan railway station	Pakistan
country	Koleśnik (kɔˈlɛɕnik) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Koleśnik	Poland
country	Christiani & Nielsen is a construction contractor with major operations in Thailand and Southeast Asia.	Christiani & Nielsen	Thailand
country	Molumeh (Persian: ملومه‎, also Romanized as Molūmeh and Malūmeh; also known as Mūlameh) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Molumeh	Iran
country	The Alzette (Luxembourgish: Uelzecht, German: Alzig) is a river with a length of 73 kilometres (45 mi) in France and Luxembourg.	Alzette	France	Luxembourg
country	Taras Shevchenko University or officially the Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv (Ukrainian: Київський національний університет імені Тараса Шевченка), colloquially known in Ukrainian as KNU (Ukrainian: Київський національний універcитет - КНУ) is located in Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine.	Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv	Ukraine
country	Platnirovskaya (Russian: Платнировская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Korenovsky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Platnirovskaya	Russia
country	Ak-Beyit Pass is a pass that links At-Bashi Valley and Arpa Valley in Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Ak-Beyit Pass	Kyrgyzstan
country	Lonjin (Serbian Cyrillic: Лоњин) is a village in Serbia.	Lonjin	Serbia
country	Cetore (pronounced (ˈtseːtɔɾɛ); Italian: Settore) is a small village in the Municipality of Izola in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Cetore	Slovenia
country	Ugolnye Kopi (Russian: У́гольные Ко́пи, lit. coal mines) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Anadyrsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located northwest of Anadyr, the administrative center of the autonomous okrug, on the opposite side of the Anadyr River.	Ugolnye Kopi	Russia
country	Arkalgud, also known as Arakalagudu is a panchayat town and is one among the eight taluks of Hassan district in the state of Karnataka, India.	Arkalgud	India
country	The Blyde River (Afrikaans: Blyderivier, i.e. Glad River, or Motlatse River, i.e. Permanent River, or Umdhlazi River), is a river in the Mpumalanga and Limpopo provinces of South Africa.	Blyde River	South Africa
country	The Grimaldi Forum in Monaco is a conference and congress centre located on the seafront of Monaco's eastern beach quartier, Larvotto.	Grimaldi Forum	Monaco
country	Sviatoshyn (Ukrainian: Свято́шин, Свято́шино, Свято́шине) is a historical neighborhood of Ukraine's capital Kiev that is located in place of a former settlement which was included in the city back in 1919.	Sviatoshyn	Ukraine
country	The Indira Gandhi Canal is one of the largest canal projects in India.	Indira Gandhi Canal	India
country	Dražanj (Serbian Cyrillic: Дражањ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Dražanj	Serbia
country	Qar Qeshlaqi (Persian: قارقشلاقي‎, also Romanized as Qār Qeshlāqī; also known as Qārī Qeshlāq) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qar Qeshlaqi	Iran
country	Lonshi Mine is a copper mine in Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, to the southeast of Ndola, Zambia.	Lonshi Mine	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Poljane pri Mirni Peči (pronounced (pɔˈljaːnɛ pɾi ˈmiːɾni ˈpɛːtʃi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Mirna Peč in southeastern Slovenia.	Poljane pri Mirni Peči	Slovenia
country	The Joaquin Antonio Uribe Botanical Garden of Medellín (Spanish: Joaquin Antonio Uribe Jardín Botánico de Medellín), more simply known as the Botanical Garden of Medellín, is a 14-hectacre botanical garden in Medellín, Colombia.	Botanical Garden of Medellín	Colombia
country	Wielki Staw (1,225 metres (4,019 ft), Polish for The Big Pond) - post glacial natural lake in the Krkonoše mountains, in western Poland.	Wielki Staw	Poland
country	Khurnejan (Persian: خورنجان‎, also Romanized as Khūrnejān) is a village in Dorudzan Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khurnejan	Iran
country	Kottar (Tamil: கோட்டாறு) is a locality and a thriving bazaar area of Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu state, India; though a part of Nagercoil today, it is the original town around which the city of Nagercoil, near the southernmost tip of Peninsular India, grew.	Kottar	India
country	The Public Whip is a parliamentary informatics project that analyses and publishes the voting history of MPs in the Parliament of the United Kingdom.	Public Whip	United Kingdom
country	The Scuola degli Albanesi is a building in Venice, northern Italy.	Scuola degli Albanesi	Italy
country	The Tullstorp Runestone is a Viking Age memorial runestone, listed as DR 271 in the Rundata catalog, that is located in Tullstorp (Community of Trelleborg), which is about twenty kilometers east of Trelleborg, Skåne County, Sweden, and in the historic province of Scania.	Tullstorp Runestone	Sweden
country	The First Engineer Bridge (Russian: Первый Инженерный мост, Pervy Inzhenerny most) is one of several bridges that span the Moika River in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	First Engineer Bridge	Russia
country	Eshkowri (Persian: اشكوري‎, also Romanized as Eshkowrī, Eshkoori, and Oshkūrī) is a village in Sefidar Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Eshkowri	Iran
country	The Daveys Bay is a small shallow bay of Port Phillip, located in Victoria, Australia.	Daveys Bay	Australia
country	Egtved is a village with a population of 2,282 (1 January 2014) near Vejle, Denmark in Vejle municipality in the Danish Region of Southern Denmark.	Egtved	Denmark
country	Noceda del Bierzo is a village and municipality in the region of El Bierzo (province of León, Community of Castile and León, (Spain)).	Noceda del Bierzo	Spain
country	Castelar Park (Parque de Castelar) is located in Badajoz, in Extremadura, Spain.	Castelar Park	Spain
country	The Jeker (Dutch, in French: Geer) is a river in Belgium and in the Netherlands.	Jeker	Belgium	Netherlands
country	Siemkowice (ɕɛmkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Siemkowice	Poland
country	Lappeenrannan NMKY (also known as LrNMKY for short or as Team Lappeenranta in European competitions) is a basketball club based in a city of Lappeenranta, Finland.	Lappeenrannan NMKY	Finland
country	Copilco was an important Mesoamerican ceremonial center, southwest of Mexico City, Mexico.	Copilco	Mexico
country	Sant'Agnello Maggiore, also called Sant'Aniello a Caponapoli or Santa Maria Intercede, is a church in the historical center of Naples, Italy.	Sant'Agnello Maggiore	Italy
country	Morweh District was one of the two original districts of Rivercess County, Liberia.	Morweh District	Liberia
country	Osowno (ɔˈsɔvnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borki, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Osowno	Poland
country	Boulay-Moselle (German: Bolchen) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in northeastern France.	Boulay-Moselle	France
country	San Pedro de Guasayán is a municipality and small town located between Catamarca and Santiago del Estero in Argentina.	San Pedro de Guasayán	Argentina
country	Silveh (Persian: سيلوه‎, also Romanized as Sīlveh) is a village in Lahijan-e Gharbi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Silveh	Iran
country	Hoçaz (also, Hocaz, Gochaz, and Khochaz) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hoçaz	Azerbaijan
country	Oknö is an island outside Mönsterås, Sweden, and the name of the only town located on the island.	Oknö	Sweden
country	Toradi (also, Torady) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Toradi	Azerbaijan
country	Crolly railway station served the hamlet of Crolly in County Donegal, Ireland.	Crolly railway station	Ireland
country	The Somasila Dam is a dam constructed across the Penna River near Somasila, Nellore district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Somasila Dam	India
country	Kalaat es Senam, Kalaat Senan, or Kalâat Snan (Tunisian Arabic: قلعة سنان) is a town in western Tunisia in the Kef Governorate.	Kalaat es Senam	Tunisia
country	Galatea Aerodrome (IATA: N/A, ICAO: NZGA) is a small airfield located 4 Nautical miles (7.4 km) north northeast of Murupara township in the Bay of Plenty on the North Island of New Zealand.	Galatea Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	Alon HaGalil (Hebrew: אַלּוֹן הַגָּלִיל, lit. Oak of the Galilee) is a communal settlement in northern Israel.	Alon HaGalil	Israel
country	Castle Comfort is a community in Saint George Parish, Dominica.	Castle Comfort	Dominica
country	Ovčar (Serbian Cyrillic: Овчар, pronounced (ɔ̌ʋtʃaːr)) is a mountain in western Serbia, near the city of Čačak.	Ovčar	Serbia
country	Raseika (Ukrainian: Расєйка, Raseika; Russian: Рассейка, Rasseyka) is a community within the territory of Prymorske, Tatarbunary Raion, Odessa Oblast, Ukraine.	Raseika	Ukraine
country	Dotnuva is a small town with a 2003 population of 775 in central Lithuania, 10 km northwest of Kėdainiai, in the Kėdainiai district municipality.	Dotnuva	Lithuania
country	Deh Beh (Persian: ده به‎) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deh Beh	Iran
country	Pululagua (alternate spelling: Pululahua) is a dormant volcano in the north of Quito Canton, Pichincha Province, Ecuador.	Pululagua	Ecuador
country	San Jose del Monte National Trade School is a public secondary school in San Jose del Monte City, Bulacan, Philippines.	San Jose del Monte National Trade School	Philippines
country	The Château du Grand-Saint-Jean is a listed chateau in Puyricard, Bouches-du-Rhône, France.	Château du Grand-Saint-Jean	France
country	Khasadan-e Sofla (Persian: خسادان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Khasādān-e Soflá; also known as Khasādān-e Pā’īn and Khasāden-e Pā’īn) is a village in Machian Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khasadan-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Orto Botanico Forestale dell'Abetone (1.4 hectares) is a botanical garden located in Fontana Vaccaia, Abetone, Province of Pistoia, Tuscany, Italy.	Orto Botanico Forestale dell'Abetone	Italy
country	Assier is a French commune in the Lot department in the Midi-Pyrénées region of south-western France.	Assier	France
country	Pasumpahan is an island in the sub-district of Bungus, West Sumatra Province, Indonesia.	Pasumpahan	Indonesia
country	Reparje (pronounced (ˈɾeːpaɾjɛ)) is a small settlement in the upper part of the Cerkniščica Valley east of Begunje in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Reparje	Slovenia
country	Gregorio Luperón International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional Gregorio Luperón) (IATA: POP, ICAO: MDPP), also known as Puerto Plata Airport, is located in Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic.	Gregorio Luperón International Airport	Dominican Republic
country	The Donghae Bukbu Line is a former railway line that connected the present-day city of Anbyon in Kangwon Province, North Korea, with Yangyang, Gangwon Province, South Korea.	Donghae Bukbu Line	North Korea
country	Oslany (Hungarian: Oszlány) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Oslany	Slovakia
country	The Passage of Lodares (Spanish: Pasaje de Lodares) is a passage located in Albacete, Spain.	Passage of Lodares	Spain
country	Macroom (/mə.ˈkruːm/; Irish: Maigh Chromtha) is a market town and civil parish in the barony of Muskerry West, County Cork, Ireland.	Macroom	Ireland
country	Central Prison Peshawar is a jail located in Peshawar in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Central Prison Peshawar	Pakistan
country	Lough Dan (Irish: Loch Deán) is a boomerang-shaped ribbon lake near Roundwood, County Wicklow, Ireland.	Lough Dan	Ireland
country	Estádio Manoel Schwartz, usually known as Estádio das Laranjeiras, is a historic football (soccer) stadium in Rio de Janeiro state, Brazil.	Estádio das Laranjeiras	Brazil
country	Różan (ˈruʐan) is a town in Mazovian Voivodeship, Poland, on the river Narew.	Różan	Poland
country	Beuron Archabbey (in German Erzabtei Beuron, otherwise Erzabtei St. Martin; in Latin Archiabbatia Sancti Martini Beuronensis) is a major house of the Benedictine Order located at Beuron in the upper Danube valley in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Beuron Archabbey	Germany
country	The Araçuaí River (Portuguese: Rio Araçuaí) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.	Araçuaí River	Brazil
country	The Baltic International Academy (Latvian: Baltijas Starptautiskā akadēmija, Russian: Балтийская международная академия) is the largest degree-awarding tertiary educational institution in Latvia teaching primarily in the Russian language and the largest non-government higher education establishment in the Baltic countries.	Baltic International Academy	Latvia
country	As of 2001(update) India census, Khoirabari had a population of 8,703.	Khoirabari	India
country	The Chennai International Film Festival (CIFF) is a festival organised in the city of Chennai, India, by a film society, the Indo Cine Appreciation Foundation (ICAF), with the support of the government of Tamil Nadu, the South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce and the Film Federation of India.	Chennai International Film Festival	India
country	The International Douro Natural Park (Portuguese: Parque Natural do Douro Internacional) is one of the thirteen natural parks of Portugal.	International Douro Natural Park	Portugal
country	The Gross Seehorn (also spelled Großes Seehorn in German) is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps, located on the border between Austria and Switzerland.	Gross Seehorn	Austria	Switzerland
country	BTTC Centre is a Class A 12-story green building located at Ortigas Avenue corner Roosevelt Avenue, Greenhills, San Juan, Metro Manila, Philippines.	BTTC Centre	Philippines
country	Yingge District (Chinese: 鶯歌區; pinyin: Yīnggē Qū; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Eng-ko-khu; literally: ``oriole song township'') is an urban district located on the Dahan River in southwestern New Taipei City in northern Republic of China (Taiwan).	Yingge District	Taiwan
country	Szatmár County (Hungarian: Szatmár vármegye (ˈsɒtmaːr ˈvaːrmɛɟɛ)) was an administrative county (comitatus) of the Kingdom of Hungary.	Szatmár County	Kingdom of Hungary
country	The University of Education, Winneba (UEW) is a University in Winneba, Central Region of Ghana.	University of Education, Winneba	Ghana
country	Sirindhorn Waterfall (Thai: น้ำตกสิรินธร) is a quasi-waterfall in Narathiwat Province, Thailand.	Sirindhorn Waterfall	Thailand
country	The Anglican Diocese of Moosonee is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of Ontario of the Anglican Church of Canada.	Anglican Diocese of Moosonee	Canada
country	Viborg Katedralskole is a public gymnasium (secondary education school) in Viborg, Denmark.	Viborg Katedralskole	Denmark
country	Stakis Hotels was a hotel company in the United Kingdom led by Sir Reo Stakis, headquartered in Glasgow.	Stakis Hotels	United Kingdom
country	Mitzpe Hila (Hebrew: מִצְפֵּה הִלָּה, lit. Hila Lookout) or simply Hila is a communal town in northern Israel.	Mitzpe Hila	Israel
country	The Chatham Memorial Arena is an ice hockey arena located in Chatham, Ontario, Canada.	Chatham Memorial Arena	Canada
country	The Centre Sportif Richard Bozon (English: Richard Bozon Sport Centre) is a multipurpose sport complex in Chamonix, France.	Centre Sportif Richard Bozon	France
country	Västanfors Church (Swedish: Västanfors kyrka) is located in Västanfors in Fagersta Municipality in Västmanland County, Sweden.	Västanfors Church	Sweden
country	Gorogaše (Serbian Cyrillic: Горогаше) is a village in the municipality of Ravno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gorogaše	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Třemošnice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtr̝̊ɛmoʃɲɪtsɛ)) is a small town in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Třemošnice	Czech Republic
country	Paharpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Dera Ismail Khan District in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Paharpur Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Zarrin Derakht (Persian: زرين درخت‎, also Romanized as Zarrīn Derakht) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District, Khanmirza District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Zarrin Derakht	Iran
country	Kiełczewek (kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɛvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzegorzew, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kiełczewek	Poland
country	Shet District (Kazakh: Шет ауданы) is a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan.	Shet District	Kazakhstan
country	Hirakud Dam (Odia: ହୀରାକୁଦ ବନ୍ଧ) is built across the Mahanadi River, about 15 km from Sambalpur in the state of Odisha in India.	Hirakud Dam	India
country	The Conrad Observatory is an underground geophysical research facility of the Central Institution for Meteorology and Geodynamics (ZAMG) in Austria.	Conrad Observatory	Austria
country	Waipiro Bay is a small coastal settlement in the Gisborne District on the East Coast of the North Island of New Zealand.	Waipiro Bay	New Zealand
country	Kiryonti (Yaghnobi Кирёнтӣ) is a village in western Tajikistan.	Kiryonti	Tajikistan
country	Kehtna Parish (Estonian: Kehtna vald) is a rural municipality in central Estonia.	Kehtna Parish	Estonia
country	Dywity (dɨˈvitɨ) (German Diwitten) is a village in Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dywity	Poland
country	Hätzingen is a village, and former municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.	Hätzingen	Switzerland
country	Upper Sûre National Park is located in the far northwest of the Oesling area of Luxembourg, and is primarily an area of conservation and a specially protected area for wild birds.	Upper Sûre National Park	Luxembourg
country	Jarabina (Rusyn: Орябина, Oriabyna; Hungarian: Berkenyéd) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia.	Jarabina	Slovakia
country	Kien An Airport (Vietnamese language: Sân bay Kiến An) is a military airport, a standby airport for Cat Bi Airport in Hai Phong, northern Vietnam.	Kien An Airport	Vietnam
country	Bokhtar District (Tajik: Ноҳияи Бохтар / Persian: ناحیۀ باختر‎‎) is a district in Khatlon Province, Tajikistan, surrounding the provincial capital Qurghonteppa.	Bokhtar District	Tajikistan
country	Godar Chiti (Persian: گدارچيتي‎, also Romanized as Godār Chītīand Godār Cheytī) is a village in Asiab Rural District, in the Central District of Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Godar Chiti	Iran
country	Gususan Library is a library located at Daegu in South Korea.	Gususan Library	South Korea
country	Rozprza (ˈrɔspʂa) is a village in Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rozprza	Poland
country	Thurnau is a municipality in the district Kulmbach, Germany.	Thurnau	Germany
country	The Mooney Mooney Creek, a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Mooney Mooney Creek	Australia
country	Sarby (ˈsarbɨ) (German: Schreibendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworno, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Sarby	Poland
country	Mwanza is a mid-sized port city on the southern shores of Lake Victoria in northwestern Tanzania.	Mwanza	Tanzania
country	Lypky is the de facto government quarter of Ukraine hosting the builidngs of the Verkhovna Rada (Parliament), Presidential Administration and Government; ceremonial residences & hotels traditionally used by politicians.	Lypky	Ukraine
country	Mari-Turek (Russian: Мари́-Туре́к; Meadow Mari: Марий Тӱрек) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Mari-Tureksky District of the Mari El Republic, Russia.	Mari-Turek	Russia
country	Aleshtar (Persian: الشتر‎, also Romanized as Alashtar and Alishtār; also known as Qal``eh ``Alishtār and Qal``eh Moz̧affari) is a city in and capital of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 77,306, in 12,033 families.	Aleshtar	Iran
country	Rundēni parish (Latvian: Rundēnu pagasts) is located in a southwest of Ludza District in Latvia, borders on the Pildas, Nirzas, Lauderu and Istras parishes (all: Ludza District), the Škaunes and Ezernieku parishes (both: Krāslava District) and the Kaunatas parish (Rezekne District).	Rundēni parish	Latvia
country	Steine Chapel (Norwegian: Steine kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Steine Chapel	Norway
country	The Palais Flemming-Sulkowski was a Baroque city mansion in Dresden, eastern Germany.	Palais Flemming-Sulkowski	Germany
country	Okęcie (Polish pronunciation: (ˈɔkɛ̃tɕɛ)) is the largest neighbourhood of the Włochy district of Warsaw, Poland.	Okęcie	Poland
country	The Duvensee archaeological sites (German: Duvenseer Wohnplätze) are a series of early Mesolithic archaeological sites that are located within the Duvensee bog near Duvensee in Schleswig Holstein, Germany.	Duvensee archaeological sites	Germany
country	Cerska is a small town in the municipality of Vlasenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina located 12 kilometers from the town of Vlasenica itself and 11 km from the Serbian border.	Cerska	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Magdalena de Cao is a town in Northern Peru, capital of the district Magdalena de Cao of Ascope Province in the region La Libertad.	Magdalena de Cao	Peru
country	CFPR first aired in 1936 on AM 580, as a private CBC Radio affiliate owned by Northwest Broadcast & Service Co. It moved to AM 1240 in 1941 (see Canadian allocations changes under NARBA), and became a Trans-Canada Network affiliate in 1944.	CFPR	Canada
country	Mill Valley Ranch is a Christian Youth Camp in Tynong North, 70 km South East of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Mill Valley Ranch	Australia
country	ARTDOC (Army Training and Doctrine Command) consists of its headquarters, battle group and all the training institutions of the Bangladesh Army.	ARTDOC	Bangladesh
country	Mowtowr-e Fajr (Persian: موتورفجر‎) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Fajr	Iran
country	Eskikarsak, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.	Eskikarsak, Polatlı	Turkey
country	Bessieres Island is a small island off the Pilbara coast of north-west Australia.	Bessieres Island	Australia
country	The Big Krka River (Slovene: Velika Krka, Hungarian: Kerka, Nagy-Kerka, Kerkás, Prekmurje Slovene Kerka, or Velka Kerka) is a river of Slovenia and Hungary.	Big Krka	Slovenia
country	Wallendbeen is a small town in southern New South Wales, Australia, administered by Cootamundra Shire Council.	Wallendbeen	Australia
country	Csorna is a town in Győr-Moson-Sopron county, Hungary.	Csorna	Hungary
country	Chirag Gala, also spelled Çiraq Qala or Çirax Qala, which means lamp (or light) castle in Azerbaijani is a ruined ancient fortress overlooking the Caspian coastal plains north of Baku in Azerbaijan.	Chirag Gala	Azerbaijan
country	Eikenburg is an estate in the southern Netherlands, in the south of Rosmalen, North Brabant.	Eikenburg	Netherlands
country	Bhattarika Temple is located on the Mahanadi River, in Sasanga village in the tehsil Baramba, (formerly Athgarh), Cuttack district, India.	Bhattarika Temple	India
country	Babanka (Ukrainian: Бабанка) is an urban-type settlement in Cherkasy Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Babanka	Ukraine
country	Troianata (Greek: Τρωιανάτα) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Argostoli, on the island of Cephalonia, Greece.	Troianata	Greece
country	The Laeiszhalle (German pronunciation: (ˈlaɪsˌhalə)), formerly Musikhalle Hamburg, is a concert hall in the Neustadt of Hamburg, Germany and home to the Hamburger Symphoniker.	Laeiszhalle	Germany
country	Garavi (Persian: گراوي‎, also Romanized as Garāvī) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Garavi	Iran
country	Barbizon is a commune (town) in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France.	Barbizon	France
country	The Estádio Ildo Meneghetti, familiarly known as Estádio dos Eucaliptos, was a football stadium located in the neighborhood of Menino Deus, in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Estádio dos Eucaliptos	Brazil
country	Poggiorsini is a comune in the province of Bari and region of Apulia, southern Italy.	Poggiorsini	Italy
country	Incheon Football Stadium, another name for Sungui Arena Park, is a football-specific stadium in Incheon, South Korea.	Incheon Football Stadium	South Korea
country	Akdağmadeni (Greek Ἀργυρίων, Argyríōn) is a town and district in the Yozgat Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey.	Akdağmadeni	Turkey
country	The Tête de Chien (Dog's Head) is a 450 m (1,476 ft) high rock promontory near the village of La Turbie in the Alpes-Maritimes department of France.	Tête de Chien	France
country	Beginish (from Irish: Beiginis, meaning ``little island'') is one of the Blasket Islands of County Kerry, Ireland.	Beiginis	Ireland
country	The Goldfields Gas Pipeline is a 1,380 km natural gas transmission pipeline which transports natural gas from Carnarvon basin producers in the north-west of Western Australia to Kalgoorlie in the south-east of Western Australia.	Goldfields Gas Pipeline	Australia
country	The Fur Formation is a marine geological formation of Ypresian (Lower Eocene Epoch, c. 56.0-54.5 Ma) age which crops out in the Limfjord region of Denmark from Silstrup via Mors and Fur to Ertebølle, and can be seen in many cliffs and quarries in the area.	Fur Formation	Denmark
country	The Budderoo National Park is a 7,219-hectare (17,840-acre) national park that is located in the Illawarra region of New South Wales, Australia; situated approximately 99 kilometres (62 mi) south southwest of Sydney.	Budderoo National Park	Australia
country	Domaniowice (dɔmaɲɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Mangelwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Domaniowice	Poland
country	Voetbalvereniging Sparta Nijkerk, is a football club from Nijkerk, the Netherlands.	Sparta Nijkerk	Netherlands
country	Helsinge-Hallen is an indoor sports arena in Helsinge, Denmark, primarily used for handball.	Helsinge-Hallen	Denmark
country	Grotto de Lete is a protected area of Libya.	Grotto de Lete	Libya
country	The Mount Victoria Tunnel in the New Zealand capital city of Wellington is 623 metres (slightly more than a third of a mile) long and 5 metres (16.4 ft) in height, connecting Hataitai to the centre of Wellington and the suburb of Mount Victoria, under the mount of the same name.	Mount Victoria Tunnel	New Zealand
country	The Borgu Game Reserve is a section of the Kainji National Park, in the Borgu Local Government Area of Niger State and Baruten Local Government Area of Kwara State, Nigeria.	Borgu Game Reserve	Nigeria
country	Susāji parish (Latvian: Susāju pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Balvi District, Latvia.	Susāji parish	Latvia
country	The Bok House was an old mansion on Jalan Ampang in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Bok House	Malaysia
country	Zardgah (Persian: زردگاه‎‎, also Romanized as Zardgāh; also known as Zīāratgāh and Zīyāratgāh) is a village in Kavir Rural District, Deyhuk District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zardgah	Iran
country	The Constitution River or commonly called ``The Careenage'', is a river located along Carlisle Bay, on the south-western portion of Barbados.	Constitution River	Barbados
country	Campo de Jogos do Pragal is the home soccer stadium of Almada Atlético Clube, a Portuguese sports club based in Almada, Portugal.	Campo de Jogos do Pragal	Portugal
country	Koysary is a village in the Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan, east of Issyk Kul Lake.	Koysary	Kyrgyzstan
country	Aşağı Mollu (also, Ashagy-Mollu, Ashaga Molly, and Molly) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Mollu	Azerbaijan
country	Mülsen is a municipality in Germany, Landkreis Zwickau in the Free State of Saxony.	Mülsen	Germany
country	Marcellaz-Albanais is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department located in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.	Marcellaz-Albanais	France
country	Sidol (pronounced (ˈsiːdɔu̯)) is a small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Sidol	Slovenia
country	The Capela dos Ossos (English: Chapel of Bones) is one of the best known monuments in Évora, Portugal.	Capela dos Ossos	Portugal
country	Blagoveshchensk (Russian: Благовещенск; IPA: (bləgɐˈvʲeɕːɪnsk), lit. the city of good news) is a city and the administrative center of Amur Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Amur and Zeya Rivers, opposite to the Chinese city of Heihe.	Blagoveshchensk	Russia
country	Rustfontein Dam is a gravity type dam located on the Modder River near Thaba 'Nchu, Free State, South Africa.	Rustfontein Dam	South Africa
country	Primča Vas (pronounced (ˈpɾiːmtʃa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Primča vas) is a small village south of Ambrus in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Primča Vas	Slovenia
country	Karstadt's strategy of offering fixed low prices in place of the still normal bartering was successful from the start as a result of which he had soon opened branches in 24 towns across Northern Germany.	Karstadt	Germany
country	Jalan Seri Medan (Johor state route J35) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia	Jalan Seri Medan	Malaysia
country	Ispra is a comune and small town on the eastern shore of Lake Maggiore, in the province of Varese (Lombardy, northern Italy).	Ispra	Italy
country	Owando Airport (IATA: FTX, ICAO: FCOO) is an airport serving Owando, a town in and the capital of the Cuvette Department in the Republic of the Congo.	Owando Airport	Republic of the Congo
country	Losenstein is a small village in the south of Upper Austria, Austria.	Losenstein	Austria
country	The lower boundary to the Erfurt Formation is the ``Lettenkohlensandstein'' in northern Germany and the ``Grenz-bone-beds'' in southern Germany.	Erfurt Formation	Germany
country	Solec Kujawski (ˈsɔlɛt͡s kuˈjafskʲi) (German: Schulitz) is a town with 15,505 inhabitants and an area of 176 km², situated 14 kilometres southeast of Bydgoszcz in Poland at 53°4′N 18°14′E. Solec Kujawski belongs to the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship.	Solec Kujawski	Poland
country	Qui Nhơn Airfield (also known as Qui Nhơn Airport, Qui Nhơn Air Base or Qui Nhon Army Airfield) is a former United States Air Force, United States Army and Vietnam Air Force airfield located in Qui Nhon in Binh Dinh Province, Vietnam.	Qui Nhơn Airfield	Vietnam
country	Argungu is a city in Nigeria's Kebbi State, situated on the Sokoto River.	Argungu	Nigeria
country	Senno or Syanno (Belarusian: Сянно, Russian: Сенно́) is a city in the Vitebsk Region of Belarus.	Syanno	Belarus
country	Khuruña (Aymara for ``to eat greedily'', hispanicized spellings Coruna, Coruña) is a mountain in the Barroso mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,453 metres (17,890 ft) high.	Khuruña	Peru
country	Bollerup Church (Swedish: Bollerups kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church located some 7 km (4 mi) southwest of Tomelilla in southern Sweden, in the close vicinity of Bollerup Castle.	Bollerup Church	Sweden
country	Czarna Dąbrówka (ˈt͡ʂarna dɔmˈbrufka) (German: Schwarz Damerkow; Kashubian: Czôrnô Dąbrówka) is a village in Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Czarna Dąbrówka	Poland
country	Crans-Montana is a ski resort in southwestern Switzerland, in the heart of the Swiss Alps in the French-speaking part of the canton of Valais.	Crans-Montana	Switzerland
country	Stavseng Lighthouse (Norwegian: Stavseng fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located in municipality of Kragerø, Telemark, Norway.	Stavseng Lighthouse	Norway
country	Altenstadt Air Base (German: Heeresflugplatz Altenstadt, ICAO: ETHA) is located approximately 1.3 kilometres (0.81 mi) northeast of the Upper Bavarian municipality of Altenstadt, Bavaria, Germany.	Altenstadt Air Base	Germany
country	Otompan (Nahuatl for ``place of Otomis'') or Otumba (the Spanish version of the name) was a pre-Columbian altepetl or city-state in the upper Teotihuacan Valley (now in Mexico).	Otompan	Mexico
country	Mallı (also, Mallyshykhly) is a village in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mallı	Azerbaijan
country	Javnik (pronounced (ˈjaːu̯nik)) is a settlement in the hills above the left bank of the Drava River in the Municipality of Podvelka in Slovenia.	Javnik	Slovenia
country	Juskatla is a settlement on Juskatla Inlet, a sidewater off the southern end of Masset Inlet on Graham Island, the largest and northernmost of the Queen Charlotte Islands on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Juskatla	Canada
country	The Canarian Parliament is the regional legislature of the Canary Islands, an autonomous community of Spain.	Canarian Parliament	Spain
country	Montreal West High School was a school located in Montreal West, Quebec, Canada, H4X 1L4 which operated from 1894 until 1983 when it was merged into Royal West Academy.	Montreal West High School	Canada
country	Wipławki (vʲiˈpwafkʲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Wipławki	Poland
country	Siewierz (ˈɕɛvʲɛʂ) (German: Sewerien) is a town in the Silesian Voivodeship in Poland.	Siewierz	Poland
country	Tel Aviv Central Bus Station, known as the New Central Bus Station (HaTaħaná HaMerkazít HaĦadašá), is the main bus station of Tel Aviv, Israel.	Tel Aviv Central Bus Station	Israel
country	Chah-e Dasht Mohammad Khan 7 (Persian: چاه دشت محمدخان 7‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Dasht Moḩammad Khān 7) is a village in Sahra Rural District, Anabad District, Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Dasht Mohammad Khan 7	Iran
country	Radio Bío-Bío is a (mostly) news Chilean radio with broad coverage in Chile.	Radio Bío-Bío	Chile
country	Kaitoke, part of Upper Hutt City, is a locality in the southern North Island of New Zealand.	Kaitoke	New Zealand
country	Huayllán District is one of 4 districts in the Pomabamba Province of the Ancash Region in Peru.	Huayllán District	Peru
country	The Canadian Public Accountability Board (abbreviated CPAB) is a federal agency which oversees Canadian accounting firms which do auditing work, including leading firms such as BDO Dunwoody LLP, Deloitte LLP, Ernst & Young, Grant Thornton Canada, KPMG LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, all of which audit financial statements of publicly traded companies.	Canadian Public Accountability Board	Canada
country	Afif (Arabic: عفيف‎ ʿAfīf) is a city in central Saudi Arabia, in the Najd region.	Afif	Saudi Arabia
country	In 1573, during the Croatian and Slovenian peasant revolt, government forces led by podban (deputy viceroy) of Croatia, Gašpar Alapić, defeated rebels in a battle near Kerestinec.	Kerestinec	Croatia
country	Raasiku is a small borough (alevik) in Raasiku Parish, Harju County, Estonia, with a population of 1,210 (2011 Census).	Raasiku	Estonia
country	Slieve League, sometimes Slieve Leag or Slieve Liag (Irish: Sliabh Liag), is a mountain on the Atlantic coast of County Donegal, Ireland.	Slieve League	Ireland
country	Skoganvarre Chapel (Norwegian: Skoganvarre kapell) is a chapel in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Skoganvarre Chapel	Norway
country	Ciuchici (Hungarian: Tyukó) is a commune in Caraş-Severin County, western Romania with a population of 1,257 people.	Ciuchici	Romania
country	Stuttgart 21 is a railway and urban development project in Stuttgart, Germany.	Stuttgart 21	Germany
country	Mustafa Castle is a building of profound historical relevance located in Meerut, India.	Mustafa Castle	India
country	Corso Buenos Aires is a major street in north-eastern Milan, Italy.	Corso Buenos Aires	Italy
country	The Allensbach Institute, formally the Allensbach Institute for Public Opinion Research or Allensbach Institute for Public Opinion Polling (German: Institut für Demoskopie Allensbach), is a private conservative opinion polling institute based in Allensbach, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Allensbach Institute	Germany
country	Das Megaphon (``The Megaphone'') is a street newspaper sold by homeless in Graz and other cities in Styria, Austria.	Das Megaphon	Austria
country	Guadalajara International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional de Guadalajara), officially known as Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla Guadalajara International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional de Guadalajara Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla) (IATA: GDL, ICAO: MMGL), is the main airport of Mexico's second-largest city Guadalajara.	Guadalajara International Airport	Mexico
country	The Zselicszentjakab Abbey was a Benedictine monastery established at Zselicszentjakab (now Kaposszentjakab) in Somogy County in the Kingdom of Hungary in 1061.	Zselicszentjakab Abbey	Hungary
country	Olešče (pronounced (ɔˈleːʃtʃɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Olešče	Slovenia
country	Plitvički Vrh (pronounced (pliˈtʋiːtʃki ˈʋəɾx)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia.	Plitvički Vrh	Slovenia
country	Barsebäck Golf & Country Club is a golf club located in Barsebäck, in the northern part of Metropolitan Malmö in the province of Skåne in southern Sweden, just by the Oresund strait.	Barsebäck Golf & Country Club	Sweden
country	Lago di Aviasco is an artificial lake above Valgoglio in the Province of Bergamo, Lombardy, Italy.	Lago di Aviasco	Italy
country	The Protestant church of Twijzel or Saint Peter's church is a religious building in Twijzel, Friesland, in the Netherlands.	Protestant church of Twijzel	Netherlands
country	Al-Qadmus (Arabic: القدموس‎, also spelled al-Qadmous or Kadmus) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Tartus Governorate, located northeast of Tartus and 14 kilometers southeast of Baniyas.	Al-Qadmus	Syria
country	Saihan District is (Mongolian: ᠰᠠᠶᠢᠬᠠᠨ ᠲᠣᠭᠣᠷᠢᠭ Sayiqan toɣoriɣ; simplified Chinese: 赛罕区; traditional Chinese: 賽罕區; pinyin: Sàihǎn Qū) a district of Hohhot, the capital of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.	Saihan District	People's Republic of China
country	Holm Church (Norwegian: Holm kyrkje) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Holm Church	Norway
country	The German Thaya or Austrian Thaya (German: Deutsche Thaya, Czech: Rakouská Dyje) is a river in Lower Austria.	German Thaya	Austria
country	Badrabad-e Chahgavari (Persian: بدرابادچه گواري‎, also Romanized as Badrābād-e Chahgavārī; also known as Badrābād, Badrābād-e Chegūrī, and Bāqerābād) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District, Gonbaki District, Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Badrabad-e Chahgavari	Iran
country	Hubei Institute of Fine Arts (HIFA, simplified Chinese: 湖北美术学院; traditional Chinese: 湖北美術學院; pinyin: Húběi Měishù Xuéyuàn; colloquially 湖美, pinyin: Húměi) is an art college in the People's Republic of China (PRC).	Hubei Institute of Fine Arts	People's Republic of China
country	Mahmoudiyeh F.C. (Persian: کلپ فوتبال محمودیه‎) is the first football team that was established in Afghanistan.	Mahmoudiyeh F.C.	Afghanistan
country	The Basketmakers' Kiosk (Turkish: Sepetçiler Köşkü), also known as Sepetçiler Palace (Sepetçiler Kasrı), is a former Ottoman pleasure palace located on the southern shore of Golden Horn's mouth at Sarayburnu in the neighborhood of Sirkeci in Istanbul, Turkey.	Basketmakers' Kiosk	Turkey
country	Jedlicze (jɛdˈlʲit͡ʂɛ) is a town in Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, Poland, with a population of 5,645 (02.06.2009).	Jedlicze	Poland
country	The Purdon Conservation Area supports Canada's largest native colony of showy lady slipper orchids, some 16,000 plants.	Purdon Conservation Area	Canada
country	Rander is a town in Surat district in the state of Gujarat, India, located on the bank of the Tapti River, 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) from the city of Surat.	Rander	India
country	Kot Waris is a small village about 8 Kilometers from Ghakhar Mandi, Pakistan.	Kot Waris	Pakistan
country	Abranovce (Hungarian: Ábrány) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Abranovce	Slovakia
country	General Sir John Kotelawala Defence University (KDU) located at Kandawala, Ratmalana, Colombo, is a joint services academy where cadets of the three wings Sri Lanka Army, Sri Lanka Navy and Sri Lanka Air Force are trained before they go for their pre-commission training to their academies.	General Sir John Kotelawala Defence University	Sri Lanka
country	The Keating Government refers to the former federal Executive Government of Australia led by Prime Minister Paul Keating of the Australian Labor Party from 1991 to 1996.	Keating Government	Australia
country	Paparis (Greek: Πάπαρης) is a village in the municipal unit of Valtetsi, Arcadia, Greece.	Paparis	Greece
country	Kyusyur (Russian: Кюсюр; Sakha: Күһүүр) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Bulunsky Rural Okrug of Bulunsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 120 kilometers (75 mi) from Tiksi, the administrative center of the district.	Kyusyur	Russia
country	Ręczno (ˈrɛnt͡ʂnɔ) is a village in Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ręczno	Poland
country	Stallbron (Swedish: ``The Stable Bridge'') is an arch bridge located in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Stallbron	Sweden
country	Bellville railway station is a railway station in the town of Bellville, Western Cape, South Africa.	Bellville railway station	South Africa
country	Firhouse (Irish: Teach Giúise) is a suburb in South Dublin, Ireland, located just east of the River Dodder, Its Eircode routing code starts with D24.	Firhouse	Ireland
country	The 1995 European Athletics Junior Championships was held in Nyíregyháza, Hungary on July 27--30.	1995 European Athletics Junior Championships	Hungary
country	Capalaba Park Shopping Centre is a regional shopping centre located in Capalaba, south-east of Brisbane, Australia.	Capalaba Park Shopping Centre	Australia
country	Großer Rosennock (2,440 m) is a mountain of the Gurktal Alps in Carinthia, Austria.	Großer Rosennock	Austria
country	Mohammadabad-e Falah (Persian: محمدابادفلاح‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Falāḩ; also known as Moḩammadābād and Mohammadābād) is a village in Kahduiyeh Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Falah	Iran
country	Castello di Compiano is a castle in on the top of Compiano's hill, in the province of Parma, northern Italy.	Castello di Compiano	Italy
country	Nea Filadelfeia (Greek: Νέα Φιλαδέλφεια, meaning New Philadelphia) is a suburb of Athens, Greece.	Nea Filadelfeia	Greece
country	Avivim (Hebrew: אֲבִיבִים), is a moshav in the far north of Israel, in the Upper Galilee.	Avivim	Israel
country	Bjuv is a locality and the seat of Bjuv Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 14 963 .	Bjuv	Sweden
country	Dadli-ye Qazneyn (Persian: دادلي قزنين‎, also Romanized as Dādlī-ye Qazneyn and Dādlī-ye-Ghazneyn; also known as Dādlī-ye Qarneyn) is a village in Palizan Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Dadli-ye Qazneyn	Iran
country	Kremenets (Ukrainian: Крем'янець, Кременець, translit. Kremenets, Polish: Krzemieniec) is a city of regional significance in the Ternopil Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Kremenets	Ukraine
country	Buenavista de Cañedo, officially Buenavista, is a town in the municipality of San Martín de Hidalgo in the state of Jalisco, Mexico.	Buenavista de Cañedo	Mexico
country	Myrofyllo (Greek: Μυρόφυλλο) is a village and a former community in the Trikala regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Myrofyllo	Greece
country	Skwirynowo (skfirɨˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Skwirynowo	Poland
country	Kalinovo is a small village in Poltár District, in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Kalinovo	Slovakia
country	Bethlehem Airport (ICAO: FABM) is an airport serving Bethlehem, a town in the Free State province in South Africa.	Bethlehem Airport	South Africa
country	The McGillicuddy Serious Party (McGSP) was a satirical political party in New Zealand in the late 20th century.	McGillicuddy Serious Party	New Zealand
country	Pełch (pɛu̯x) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pełch	Poland
country	Besstrond is an area in Vågå, Norway, on a hillside between Nedre Sjodalsvatnet and Øvre Sjodalsvatnet.	Besstrond	Norway
country	Lesično (pronounced (lɛˈsiːtʃnɔ)) is a village in the Municipality of Kozje in eastern Slovenia.	Lesično	Slovenia
country	Kirloskarwadi is an industrial township that developed around the Kirloskar Brothers factory in the Sangli district, in Maharashtra state, India.	Kirloskarwadi	India
country	Syriac Church of Mosul is a Syriac Orthodox Church Christian church in Mosul, Iraq.	Syriac Church of Mosul	Iraq
country	Playa Lagun is a beach on the Caribbean island of Curaçao, located near the village of Lagun in the north-west of the island.	Playa Lagun	Curaçao
country	The Bucharest Botanical Garden (Romanian: Grădina Botanică din Bucureşti), now named after its founder, Dimitrie Brândză, is located in the Cotroceni neighbourhood of Bucharest, Romania.	Bucharest Botanical Garden	Romania
country	The Kunsthalle Zürich is a contemporary art exhibition centre in Zurich, Switzerland.	Kunsthalle Zürich	Switzerland
country	Lakeba Airport (IATA: LKB, ICAO: NFNK) is an airport in Lakeba (pronounced (laˈkemba)), one of the Lau Islands in southern Fiji.	Lakeba Airport	Fiji
country	Kruglany (kruˈɡlanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Kruglany	Poland
country	Tutuka Power Station in Mpumalanga, South Africa, is a coal-fired power plant operated by Eskom.	Tutuka Power Station	South Africa
country	Palazzo Gherardi is a 15th-century building in the centre of Florence, Tuscany, in central Italy.	Palazzo Gherardi	Italy
country	Gabrno (pronounced (ˈɡaːbəɾnɔ)) is a settlement in the hills immediately east of Laško in east-central Slovenia.	Gabrno	Slovenia
country	Oskelu (Persian: اسكلو‎, also Romanized as Oskelū, Eskaloo, and Eskalū; also known as Iskyulyu and Osgelū; also written as Üskülü) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Oskelu	Iran
country	Aliabad-e Kohneh (Persian: علي آبادكهنه‎, Sorani Kurdish: عەلی ئاوای کۆنە، also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Kohneh) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District, in the Central District of Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 150, in 35 families.	Aliabad-e Kohneh	Iran
country	International Urban Design Conference is an international event held in Australia dedicated to urban design.	International Urban Design Conference	Australia
country	Metro Hospital General is a metro station along Line 3 of the Mexico City Metro.	Metro Hospital General	Mexico
country	Gwangmyeong Station (Hangul: 광명역) is a train station in Gwangmyeong, South Korea.	Gwangmyeong Station	South Korea
country	La Manchica is both a village and an area in the autonomous region of Murcia, in southern Spain.	La Manchica	Spain
country	Masinde Muliro University of Science and Technology, formerly Western University College of Science and Technology, is a public university in Kenya.	Masinde Muliro University of Science and Technology	Kenya
country	The Leibstadt Nuclear Power Plant (German: Kernkraftwerk Leibstadt, KKL) is located near Leibstadt, canton of Aargau, Switzerland, on the Rhine River and close to the border to Germany.	Leibstadt Nuclear Power Plant	Switzerland
country	Bussana Vecchia is a former ghost town in Liguria, Italy.	Bussana Vecchia	Italy
country	Gelemso (Ge'ez ገለምሶ ) is a town in eastern Ethiopia, in the western periphery of the highly networked mountain chain referred to by the natives as Fugug but by geographers as the Ahmar Mountains.	Gelemso	Ethiopia
country	TV Klan (Televizioni Klan) is a private television channel with national coverage based in Tirana, Albania.	TV Klan	Albania
country	The Banana Alley Vaults are near the Flinders Street Station in Melbourne, Australia and extend onto the North Bank of the Yarra River.	Banana Alley	Australia
country	Fluminense de Feira Futebol Clube, usually known as Fluminense de Feira, or just Fluminense are a Brazilian football team from Feira de Santana, Bahia, Brazil, founded on January 1, 1941.	Fluminense de Feira Futebol Clube	Brazil
country	Polonisz (pɔˈlɔniʂ) (German: Polln) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Polonisz	Poland
country	Korzunovo (Russian: Корзуново) is a rural locality (an inhabited locality) in Pechengsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 63 meters (207 ft) above sea level.	Korzunovo	Russia
country	The Saxby River is a river located in North West Queensland, Australia.	Saxby River	Australia
country	Ulaşlı Şıxlı (also spelled Ulashlyshykhly) is a village in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ulaşlı Şıxlı	Azerbaijan
country	Mikkeli (Swedish: S:t Michel official writing, short for Sankt Michel) is a town and municipality in Finland.	Mikkeli	Finland
country	Pali Village sometimes also referred as (Pali Goathan) is a small urban village in the Bandra suburb of Mumbai, India (formerly Bombay).	Pali Village	India
country	Pšajnovica (pronounced (ˈpʃaːi̯nɔʋitsa); in older sources also Pišajnovica, German: Pischainowitz) is a small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Pšajnovica	Slovenia
country	Alisher Navoiy Secondary School (Uzbek: Alisher Navoiy nomli oʻrta maktab, Алишер Навоий номли ўрта мактаб; Kyrgyz: Алишер Навои атындаги орто мектеби; Russian: Средняя школа имени Алишера Навои) is a secondary school in Isfana, Kyrgyzstan.	Alisher Navoiy Secondary School	Kyrgyzstan
country	Cairns Central Shopping Centre in north Queensland, Australia is Cairns' biggest shopping centre.	Cairns Central	Australia
country	Setniki (sɛtˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Setniki	Poland
country	Sanjay Lake is an artificial lake developed by Delhi Development Authority (DDA) in Trilokpuri in East Delhi, India, adjoining Mayur Vihar II residential area.	Sanjay Lake	India
country	The Rudolph Tegner Museum, dedicated to the oeuvre of the sculptor Rudolph Tegner, is set in the middle of a protected area just south of Dronningmølle on Zealand's north coast, some 50 km north of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Rudolph Tegner Museum	Denmark
country	Ladalen Station (Norwegian: Ladalen holdeplass) is a disused railway station on the Nordland Line located in Trondheim, Norway serving the area of Lade.	Ladalen Station	Norway
country	Kobiele Małe-Kolonia (kɔˈbjɛlɛ ˈmawɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kobiele Małe-Kolonia	Poland
country	Helsingør Station is the principal railway station serving the city of Helsingør (English: Elsinore), Denmark.	Helsingør Station	Denmark
country	Sulik (Persian: سوليك‎, also Romanized as Sūlīk; also known as Sūlak) is a village in Dasht Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sulik	Iran
country	Jelgava Gymnasium or Academia Petrina is the oldest higher educational establishment in Latvia.	Jelgava Gymnasium	Latvia
country	The Macocha Abyss (Czech: Propast Macocha, literally the Stepmother Abyss), also known as the Macocha Gorge, is a sinkhole in the Moravian Karst cave system of the Czech Republic located north of the city of Brno, near the town of Blansko.	Macocha Gorge	Czech Republic
country	The Patria Cinema, located at 12-14 Bulevardul Magheru, is among the best-known movie theatres in Bucharest, Romania.	Patria Cinema	Romania
country	Wonséaly (also spelled Wonséably) is a village in southwestern Ivory Coast.	Wonséaly	Ivory Coast
country	The Garigal National Park is a protected national park that is located in the North Shore region of Sydney, New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Garigal National Park	Australia
country	Rimba Secondary School (SM Rimba) is a government school located in Rimba Gadong, Brunei-Muara, Brunei.	Rimba Secondary School	Brunei
country	Laulasmaa is a village in Keila Parish, Harju County, in northwestern Estonia.	Laulasmaa	Estonia
country	Espu Kola (Persian: اسپو كلا‎, also Romanized as Espū Kolā) is a village in Valupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Espu Kola	Iran
country	Vijjeswaram is a small town near the Godavari River in the Nidadavolu mandal (revenue division) of West Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Vijjeswaram	India
country	Murihiku is a Māori name describing a region of the South Island in New Zealand.	Murihiku	New Zealand
country	Cima Piazzi, Cima de' Piazzi, del Piazzi or di Piazzi (3,439m) is the highest mountain of the Livigno Alps in Lombardy, Italy.	Cima Piazzi	Italy
country	Fiumicino Aeroporto railway station, or Fiumicino Airport railway station (Italian: Stazione di Fiumicino Aeroporto), is sited within the Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport (Italian: Aeroporto Leonardo da Vinci di Fiumicino) (IATA code: FCO) in Fiumicino, Lazio, central Italy.	Fiumicino Aeroporto railway station	Italy
country	Viareggio (Italian pronunciation: (vi.aˈreddʒo; vjaˈreddʒo)) is a city and comune in northern Tuscany, Italy, on the coast of the Tyrrhenian Sea.	Viareggio	Italy
country	The Prince of Wales Hotel is located in Waterton Lakes National Park in Alberta, Canada, overlooking Upper Waterton Lake, near the Canada-United States border.	Prince of Wales Hotel	Canada
country	Karuvannoor is a place in Trichur, Kerala, India bordered by Moorkanade and Kattoor.	Karuvannoor	India
country	Qerqiz (Persian: قرقيز‎, also Romanized as Qerqīz) is a village in Kongor Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qerqiz	Iran
country	Trzyrzecze (tʂɨˈʐɛt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Trzyrzecze	Poland
country	The 2006 Copiapó mining accident occurred on January 20, 2006, when an explosion occurred in the underground Carola-Agustina copper mine in Copiapó, Chile after two trucks collided, covering the only escape route for the miners inside the mine.	2006 Copiapó mining accident	Chile
country	Quchan (Persian: قوچان‎‎ Qučān pronounced (quˈtʃɑːn, ɢoˈtʃɒːn); also Romanized as Qūchān and Quçan; also known as Gochan) is a city in and capital of Quchan County, in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Quchan	Iran
country	Biarritz Pays Basque Airport (IATA: BIQ, ICAO: LFBZ), also known as Biarritz Airport or Biarritz-Parme Airport, is an airport serving Biarritz, France.	Biarritz Pays Basque Airport	France
country	Långared Church (Swedish: Långareds kyrka) is a church in Långared, about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) north of Alingsås in Västergötland, Sweden.	Långared Church	Sweden
country	The Kaema Plateau is a highland in North Korea.	Kaema Plateau	North Korea
country	İkinci Yalama (also, Ikindzhi-Yalama, Rybnyy Promysel Yalama Nomer Vtoroy, Yalama Nomer Vtoroy, and Yalama Vtoraya) is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İkinci Yalama	Azerbaijan
country	The Merowe Dam, also known as Merowe High Dam, Merowe Multi-Purpose Hydro Project or Hamdab Dam, is a large dam near Merowe Town in northern Sudan, about 350 kilometres (220 mi) north of the capital Khartoum.	Merowe Dam	Sudan
country	Agios Epiktitos (Greek: Άγιος Επίκτητος; Turkish: Çatalköy) is a village in Cyprus, located 6 km (4 mi) east of Kyrenia.	Agios Epiktitos	Cyprus
country	Cozes is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France in the region of Poitou-Charentes .	Cozes	France
country	Het Zwartland is a hamlet of the village Zemst-Bos, in Flemish Brabant, Belgium.	Het Zwartland	Belgium
country	Mazraeh-ye Jahangir Namdary (Persian: مزرعه جهانگيرنامدارئ‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Jahāngīr Nāmdāry) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Jahangir Namdary	Iran
country	Kosemin (kɔˈsɛmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kosemin	Poland
country	Cape Peron (32°15′55``S 115°41′10''E) is a headland at Rockingham, at the southern end of Cockburn Sound in Western Australia.	Cape Peron	Australia
country	The Locone is a river in the Apulia and Basilicata regions of southern Italy.	Locone	Italy
country	As Suqayyan is a small coastal village in the Lahij Governorate of south-western Yemen.	As Suqayyan	Yemen
country	Papanui is a major suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand.	Papanui	New Zealand
country	Bambio is a sub-prefecture and town in the Sangha-Mbaéré Prefecture of the south-west Central African Republic.	Bambio	Central African Republic
country	The Wasserschloss Wilkinghege is a country estate in Kinderhaus, part of the Westphalian city of Münster, Germany.	Wasserschloss Wilkinghege	Germany
country	MSI (Micro-Star International Co., Ltd, Chinese: 微星科技股份有限公司) is a Taiwanese multinational information technology corporation headquartered in New Taipei City, Taiwan.	Micro-Star International	Taiwan
country	Silesian Opera in Bytom (Polish: Opera Śląska w Bytomiu) is an opera company in Bytom, Silesia, Poland which was founded in 1945.	Silesian Opera	Poland
country	Preah Ko (Khmer: ប្រាសាទព្រះគោ) (Khmer, The Sacred Bull) was the first temple to be built in the ancient and now defunct city of Hariharalaya (in the area that today is called Roluos), some 15 kilometers south-east of the main group of temples at Angkor, Cambodia.	Preah Ko	Cambodia
country	Donja Rača (Serbian: Доња Рача) is a village in the municipality of Rača, Serbia.	Donja Rača	Serbia
country	Parc Gatineau Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CSD9), is located on Lac des Loups, Quebec Canada and is open from May until October.	Parc Gatineau Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Shuswap Lake (pronounced /ˈʃuːʃwɑːp/) is a lake located in south-central British Columbia, Canada that drains via the Little River into Little Shuswap Lake.	Shuswap Lake	Canada
country	The Sogam-do, Daegam-do, Zung-do, Ae-do and Hyengzedo Islands Important Bird Area comprises a group of small islands, with a collective area of 18 ha, in the north-eastern Yellow Sea, lying close to the western coast of North Korea.	Sogam-do, Daegam-do, Zung-do, Ae-do and Hyengzedo Islands Important Bird Area	North Korea
country	Khan Klub is a boutique hotel in Peshawar, Pakistan.	Khan Klub	Pakistan
country	Mareau-aux-Prés is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France, situated 13 km south west of the city of Orléans.	Mareau-aux-Prés	France
country	Tegucigalpa (Spanish pronunciation: (teɣusiˈɣalpa), formally Tegucigalpa, Municipality of the Central District Spanish: Tegucigalpa, Municipio del Distrito Central or Tegucigalpa, M.D.C.), commonly referred to as Tegus, is the capital of Honduras and seat of government of the Republic, along with its twin sister Comayagüela.	Tegucigalpa	Honduras
country	Qeshlaq-e Khurasha-ye Sofla (Persian: قشلاق خورشاسفلي‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Khūrāshā-ye Soflá; also known as Qeshlāq-e Khūrāshā) is a village in Dizmar-e Markazi Rural District, Kharvana District, Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Khurasha-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Kaunas Castle is a medieval castle situated in Kaunas, the second-largest city in Lithuania.	Kaunas Castle	Lithuania
country	Tangkrogen (lit.: The Kelp-nook) is a public park in Aarhus, Denmark.	Tangkrogen	Denmark
country	Podlesje (pronounced (pɔˈdleːsjɛ); German: Verdreng) is an abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Podlesje	Slovenia
country	SamLogic was founded 1992 in Stockholm, Sweden (where it also is headquartered), and the company has since then developed software for the Windows operating system.	SamLogic	Sweden
country	Transnet National Ports Authority (NPA) is a government corporation of South Africa and division of Transnet, responsible for managing and governing seven of South Africa's major seaports.	Transnet National Ports Authority	South Africa
country	Kalayaan Avenue is a major east-west route in Makati, Metro Manila, Philippines.	Kalayaan Avenue	Philippines
country	Chah-e Baneyli (Persian: چاه بنيلي‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Baneylī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Baneyli	Iran
country	Angoulême (French pronunciation: ​(ɑ̃ɡulɛm); Occitan: Engoleime (standard) or (locally) Engoulaeme) is a French commune, the capital of the Charente department, in the Poitou-Charentes region of southwestern France.	Angoulême	France
country	Jatti Pind is one of the 44 union councils, administrative subdivisions, of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Jatti Pind	Pakistan
country	Bölme is a belde (town) in the central district of Uşak Province, Turkey.	Bölme	Turkey
country	The Guamira River flows through Hato Mayor Province of the Dominican Republic.	Guamira River	Dominican Republic
country	The Yugorsky Peninsula (Russian: Югорский полуостров) is a large peninsula in Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia.	Yugorsky Peninsula	Russia
country	Sechelt Inlets Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, at various locations on Sechelt Inlet, Salmon Inlet and Narrows Inlet, near Sechelt (Salmon Inlet and Narrows Inlet are side arms of Sechelt Inlet).	Sechelt Inlets Marine Provincial Park	Canada
country	Franciscan Province of Bosna Srebrena (also Bosna Argentina; officially Latin: Provincia OFM Exaltationis S. Crucis - Bosna Argentina) is a province of the Franciscan order of the Catholic Church in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Franciscan Province of Bosna Srebrena	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Cirque of the Unclimbables, located inside the Nahanni National Park Reserve, in the Northwest Territories, Canada, approximately 500 km (311 mi) west of Yellowknife, is a cluster of peaks and walls in the Mackenzie Mountains Natural Region.	Cirque of the Unclimbables	Canada
country	The Chaussée de Charleroi (French) or Charleroisesteenweg (Dutch) is a major street in Brussels, Belgium connecting the Place Stéphanie in the City of Brussels to the Ma Campagne crossroad in the municipality of Saint-Gilles.	Chaussée de Charleroi	Belgium
country	The Women Sports Complex, is located in Block-3, Gulshan-e-Iqbal, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Women Sports Complex	Pakistan
country	Kingswood House School is a preparatory school in Epsom, Surrey in the United Kingdom.	Kingswood House School	United Kingdom
country	Tambaram Sanatorium (Tamil: தாம்பரம் சானடோரியம்) is a locality between Chromepet and Tambaram, in Chennai, India.	Tambaram Sanatorium	India
country	Ust-Chizhapka (Russian: Усть-Чижапка) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kargasoksky District of Tomsk Oblast, Russia.	Ust-Chizhapka	Russia
country	Ada Punga (Urdu: ادا پنگا‎) is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.	Ada Punga	Pakistan
country	Pucice (puˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pucice	Poland
country	Grace Toronto Church is a Presbyterian Church in America congregation in Toronto, Canada worshipping in the historic St. Andrews Church building.	Grace Toronto Church	Canada
country	Santa Isabel do Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil.	Santa Isabel do Pará	Brazil
country	The Salikuit Islands are an uninhabited island group in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Salikuit Islands	Canada
country	RAFO Thumrait air base (IATA: TTH, ICAO: OOTH) is a military airport located near Thumrait, a town in Dhofar Governorate, Oman.	RAFO Thumrait	Oman
country	Ayneh Bazar-e Mahtab (Persian: اينه بازارمهتاب‎, also Romanized as Ayneh Bāzār-e Mahtāb; also known as Aeenehbāzār-e Mahtāb) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ayneh Bazar-e Mahtab	Iran
country	The ACA (Automóvil Club Argentino) is Argentina's largest automobile association.	Automóvil Club Argentino	Argentina
country	El Maan is a town in the south-central Banaadir region of Somalia.	El Maan	Somalia
country	The Ritz-Carlton Jakarta is a hotel and skyscraper in Jakarta, Indonesia and 14th Tallest building in Jakarta.	Ritz-Carlton Jakarta	Indonesia
country	Pochalla (also Pochala, Pochella, Pachella) is a town in South Sudan.	Pochalla	South Sudan
country	Dranova Island is an island in eastern Romania, in the southern part of the Danube Delta.	Dranova Island	Romania
country	Vaabina is a village in Urvaste Parish, Võru County, in southeastern Estonia, located about 6 km northeast of the town of Antsla.	Vaabina	Estonia
country	The Champasak Stadium or Champassack Stadium is a newly built football stadium in Pakse, Laos.	Champasak Stadium	Laos
country	Arlanda Express is an airport rail link connecting Stockholm Central Station with the Stockholm-Arlanda Airport outside Stockholm, Sweden.	Arlanda Express	Sweden
country	The Instituts universitaires de technologie or IUT (translated as ``University Institutes of Technology'') are part of the university system in France.	University Institutes of Technology	France
country	Grand Cascade is a 4 metre high talus ribbon cascade waterfall found on private property (with permission to access) in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Grand Cascade	Canada
country	Abbottabad District (Urdu: ضلع ایبٹ آباد‎) also spelled Abbotabad is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Abbottabad District	Pakistan
country	Mowtowr-e Nur Mohammad Darkhashandeh (Persian: موتورنورمحمددرخشنده‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Nūr Moḩammad Darkhashandeh) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Nur Mohammad Darkhashandeh	Iran
country	Trei Stejari (English: Three Oaks) is a district near the center of Sibiu, Romania.	Trei Stejari	Romania
country	Mszaniec (ˈmʂaɲet͡s) (German Saugarten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa, within Gorzów County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Mszaniec	Poland
country	The São Paulo Shimbun (サンパウロ新聞 Sanpauro Shinbun) is a Japanese-language newspaper published in Liberdade, São Paulo, Brazil.	São Paulo Shimbun	Brazil
country	Qacha's Nek is, since 1888, the camptown (capital) of Qacha's Nek District in Lesotho, only two kilometers from the South African border at 1,980 meters (6,500 ft) above sea level.	Qacha's Nek	Lesotho
country	Lund Airport (Swedish: Hasslanda Flygfält) (ICAO: ESMN) was an airfield located 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) south of Lund, Sweden.	Lund Airport	Sweden
country	Zwiesel Kristallglas AG is a manufacturer of crystal glass located in Zwiesel, Germany.	Zwiesel Kristallglas	Germany
country	Kodayanchi is the village located next to Vaniyambadi, Vellore district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kodayanchi	India
country	Cheshmeh Dargah (Persian: چشمه درگاه‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Dargāh, Cheshmeh-ye Dargāh, Chashmeh Dargāh, and Cheshyeh Dargāh) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Japelaq District, Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Dargah	Iran
country	Samokhvalovichi (Belarusian: Самахва́лавічы, Russian: Самохваловичи) is a village in Republic of Belarus, located in the Minsk Raion in the Minsk Voblast.	Samokhvalovichi	Belarus
country	Mae Wong National Park (Thai อุทยานแห่งชาติแม่วงก์) is a national park in Thailand.	Mae Wong National Park	Thailand
country	Vwaza Marsh Game Reserve is a national game reserve in Malawi.	Vwaza Marsh Game Reserve	Malawi
country	Wichorze (viˈxɔʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wichorze	Poland
country	Rawannawi is a settlement at the northern tip of Marakei, Kiribati.	Rawannawi	Kiribati
country	Motala is a locality and the seat of Motala Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 29,823 inhabitants (41,956 in the entire municipality) in 2010.	Motala	Sweden
country	Bhiwani is a city and a municipal council in Bhiwani district in the state of Haryana, India.	Bhiwani	India
country	West Point Island (originally known as Albatross Island; Spanish: Isla Remolinos) is one of the Falkland Islands, lying west of West Falkland.	West Point Island	Falkland Islands
country	Team Idea 2010 ASD was a UCI Continental team founded in 2010 and based in Italy.	Team Idea 2010 ASD	Italy
country	Huarong District (simplified Chinese: 华容区; traditional Chinese: 華容區; pinyin: Huáróng Qū) is a district of the city of Ezhou, Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Huarong District	People's Republic of China
country	Ísafjarðarbær is a municipality of Iceland in the Westfjords region, created in 1996 from Flateyrarhreppur, Ísafjarðarkaupstaður, Mosvallahreppur, Mýrahreppur, Suðureyrarhreppur and Þingeyrarhreppur.	Ísafjarðarbær	Iceland
country	Nowy Wiśnicz Castle - a castle located on a forested hill by the River Leksandrówka in the village of Stary Wiśnicz, Lesser Poland Voivodeship; in Poland.	Nowy Wiśnicz Castle	Poland
country	Vasalemma is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Harju County, northwestern Estonia.	Vasalemma	Estonia
country	Manipay or Maanippaai (Tamil: மானிப்பாய்) is an affluent town in the northern Jaffna District of Sri Lanka.	Manipay	Sri Lanka
country	Soledad de Graciano Sánchez is the second-largest city of the state of San Luis Potosí in Mexico.	Soledad de Graciano Sánchez	Mexico
country	In 2013, Sarajevo International Airport had 665,638 passengers which is more than all of the other airports in Bosnia-Herzegovina had together and a 14.7% increase from 2012, this is the highest number of passengers per year since the reopening of the airport.	Sarajevo International Airport	Bosnia-Herzegovina
country	Kodikuthimala (Malayalam: കൊടികുത്തിമല) also known as the Ooty of Malappuram is a hill station in the Malappuram district of Kerala in India.	Kodikuthimala	India
country	Sodere is a spa town in central Ethiopia.	Sodere	Ethiopia
country	The Thorvaldsen Museum is a single-artist museum in Copenhagen, Denmark, dedicated to the art of Danish neoclassicistic sculptor Bertel Thorvaldsen (1770--1844), who lived and worked in Rome for most of his life (1796--1838).	Thorvaldsen Museum	Denmark
country	Francisco Coloane Coastal and Marine Protected Area (Spanish: Parque Marino Francisco Coloane) is a national reserve of southern Chile's Magallanes and Antártica Chilena Region.	Francisco Coloane Coastal and Marine Protected Area	Chile
country	Araschgen is a village near Chur in the Plessur district, Switzerland.	Araschgen	Switzerland
country	Heumen ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a village in the eastern Netherlands.	Heumen	Netherlands
country	The Central/North Black Forest Nature Park (German: Naturpark Schwarzwald Mitte/Nord) covers an area of 3,750 km² and is thus the largest nature park in Germany (as at 2008).	Central/North Black Forest Nature Park	Germany
country	Strane (pronounced (ˈstɾaːnɛ)) is a small village below the eastern slopes of Mount Nanos in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Strane	Slovenia
country	Cheraghchi (Persian: چراغچي‎, also Romanized as Cherāghchī) is a village in Soluk Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Cheraghchi	Iran
country	Niemojew (ɲɛˈmɔjɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Niemojew	Poland
country	Theater Regensburg (also known as the Stadttheater Regensburg, theatre of the city of Regensburg) is a theatrical organization that produces operas, musicals, ballets, plays, and concerts in Regensburg, Germany.	Theater Regensburg	Germany
country	Lake Calibato is one of the seven crater lakes collectively called Pitong Lawa or Seven Lakes of San Pablo in Laguna province in the Philippines.	Lake Calibato	Philippines
country	Inga Airport (ICAO: FZAN) is an airport serving the town of Inga and the Inga dams in the Bas-Congo Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Inga Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Strzelce-Kolonia (ˈstʂɛlt͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białopole, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Strzelce-Kolonia	Poland
country	Kujavče (Cyrillic: Кујавче) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kujavče	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	La Romita is a small neighborhood located in the Colonia Roma section of Mexico City.	La Romita	Mexico
country	The Swedish Social Democratic Youth League (Swedish: Sveriges Socialdemokratiska Ungdomsförbund, or SSU) is a branch of the Swedish Social Democratic Party and the Swedish Trade Union Confederation in Sweden.	Swedish Social Democratic Youth League	Sweden
country	Fulianka (Hungarian: Fulyán) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Fulianka	Slovakia
country	Dulova Ves (Hungarian: Sósgyülvész) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Dulova Ves	Slovakia
country	The Vesuvius Observatory is the surveillance centre for monitoring the three volcanoes which threaten the Campanian region of Italy:	Vesuvius Observatory	Italy
country	Wąsochy (vɔ̃ˈsɔxɨ) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wąsochy	Poland
country	Toguchin (Russian: Тогучи́н) is a town and the administrative center of Toguchinsky District in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Inya River (Ob's tributary) 125 kilometers (78 mi) east of Novosibirsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Toguchin	Russia
country	Vav Darreh (Persian: واودره‎, also Romanized as Vāv Darreh; also known as Vāv Darreh Bozorg and Vāv Darreh-ye Bozorg) is a village in Farim Rural District, Dodangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vav Darreh	Iran
country	The Hororata River is a river of Canterbury, in the South Island of New Zealand.	Hororata River	New Zealand
country	The Royal Palace of Aranjuez (Spanish: Palacio Real de Aranjuez) is a residence of the King of Spain, located in the town of Aranjuez, Community of Madrid, Spain.	Royal Palace of Aranjuez	Spain
country	Punkva is a 29-km long river in South Moravia, Czech Republic.	Punkva	Czech Republic
country	Fergburger is a hamburger restaurant located in Queenstown, New Zealand.	Fergburger	New Zealand
country	Shahrak-e Bangar (Persian: شهرك بانگر‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Bāngar) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Bangar	Iran
country	Kourou Monastiri (Greek: Κουρού Μοναστήρι; Turkish: Çukurova ``Çukurova'', previously Kuru Manastır) is a Turkish Cypriot village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of Kythrea.	Kourou Monastiri	Cyprus
country	Azar Khvaran (Persian: آذرخواران‎, also Romanized as Āz̄ar Khvārān; also known as Ḩabībābād, Azākhvārān, Azākhvorān, and Azākhwarān) is a village in Jarqavieh Vosta Rural District, Jarqavieh Sofla District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Azar Khvaran	Iran
country	University of Paris-Seine is an association of universities and higher education institutions (ComUE) located in the region of Paris, France.	University of Paris-Seine	France
country	Hen Church (Norwegian: Hen kyrkje) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Hen Church	Norway
country	Cascas is a town in Northern Peru, capital of Gran Chimú Province in La Libertad Region.	Cascas	Peru
country	The Fremantle Police Station complex (incorporating the 1899 limestone former courthouse) is a group of buildings located at 45 Henderson Street, Fremantle, Western Australia.	Fremantle Police Station complex	Australia
country	Vostaniyeh-ye Do (Persian: وسطانيه دو‎, also Romanized as Vostānīyeh-ye Do; also known as Vosţānīyeh) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Vostaniyeh-ye Do	Iran
country	Sambisari is a 9th-century Hindu temple located at Sambisari hamlet, Purwomartani village, Kalasan, Sleman regency, Yogyakarta, Indonesia.	Sambisari	Indonesia
country	The Šargan Eight (Serbian: Шарганска осмица, Šarganska osmica) is a narrow-gauge heritage railway in Serbia, running from the village of Mokra Gora to Šargan Vitasi station.	Šargan Eight	Serbia
country	Žlijeb (Serbian: Жлијеб) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Žlijeb	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Hamburg-Nord (Rough translation: Hamburg north) is one of the seven boroughs of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg, in north-western Germany.	Hamburg-Nord	Germany
country	Koh Rong (Khmer: កោះរ៉ុង, also romanized as Kaôh Rōng or Kos Rong), is the second largest island of Cambodia.	Koh Rong	Cambodia
country	Chillogallo is an urban parish of the city of Quito, Ecuador.	Chillogallo	Ecuador
country	The Selva Zoque (English: Zoque Forest), which includes the Chimalapas rain forest, is an area of great ecological importance in Mexico.	Selva Zoque	Mexico
country	Santa Cruz da Serra is a neighborhood Brazil n state of Rio de Janeiro, located in the 3rd district of Duque de Caxias, 20km from Petrópolis and 35km from the city center, middle class and lower middle.	Santa Cruz da Serra	Brazil
country	Celebrity Cooks was syndicated throughout Canada and the United States from 1980 to 1987.	Celebrity Cooks	Canada
country	Monte Padrio is a mountain of Lombardy, Italy.	Monte Padrio	Italy
country	South Twin Peak is one of the two peaks that comprise the Twin Peaks massif located just northeast of the Columbia Icefield in Jasper National Park, Canada.	South Twin Peak	Canada
country	Jabłonowski Palace (Polish: Pałac Jabłonowskich) is a historical palace at the Theatre Square in the Śródmieście district of Warsaw, Poland.	Jabłonowski Palace	Poland
country	Altengamme located in the Bergedorf borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg in northern Germany, is a rural quarter on the right bank of the Elbe river.	Altengamme	Germany
country	Barm-e Shur (Persian: برم شور‎, also Romanized as Barm-e Shūr) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Barm-e Shur	Iran
country	Hammarö Municipality (Hammarö kommun) is a municipality in Värmland County in west central Sweden.	Hammarö Municipality	Sweden
country	Tetas de Maria Guevara are twin hills located near Laguna de la Restinga in central Isla Margarita, Venezuela.	Tetas de Maria Guevara	Venezuela
country	Samashki (Russian: Самашки; Chechen: Саьмаӏашка) is a rural locality (a selo) in Achkhoy-Martanovsky District of the Chechen Republic, Russia, located on the western plains.	Samashki	Russia
country	The Oban Hills are a range of hills in Cross River State, Nigeria.	Oban Hills	Nigeria
country	The Horahora River is a short river of Northland, New Zealand.	Horahora River	New Zealand
country	Langballig (Danish: Langballe) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Langballig	Germany
country	Byczeń (ˈbɨt͡ʂɛɲ) (German: Baitzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec Ząbkowicki, within Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Byczeń	Poland
country	Herzogstand Radio Station was a radio communication station built and operated from 1920 to 1946 on the Herzogstand mountain near the Kochelsee in Bavaria, Germany.	Herzogstand Radio Station	Germany
country	The Federal University of Ceará (Portuguese: Universidade Federal do Ceará, UFC) is a federal university with campuses in the cities of Fortaleza, Sobral, Barbalha, Russas and Quixadá, in the state of Ceará, Brazil.	Federal University of Ceará	Brazil
country	Otry (ˈɔtrɨ) (German Ottern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Otry	Poland
country	The Northern Districts Cricket Club (``Jets'') is a semi-professional cricket club in Adelaide, South Australia.	Northern Districts Cricket Club	Australia
country	Dromnessund Bridge (Norwegian: Dromnessundbrua) is a bridge that crosses the Dromnessundet strait between the mainland and the island of Skardsøya in the municipality of Aure in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Dromnessund Bridge	Norway
country	Atme (Arabic: اطمه‎, also spelled Atma, Atima, Atmeh) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Idlib Governorate, located north of Idlib and just east of the border with Turkey.	Atme	Syria
country	Mijnatun (Armenian: Միջնատուն); formerly known as Ortachya, is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Mijnatun	Armenia
country	The Vienna Art Orchestra was a European jazz group based in Vienna, Austria.	Vienna Art Orchestra	Austria
country	Umm Ruwaba, also Umm Ruwabah (أم روابة, Ruaba and Umm Ruaba), is a city in the state of North Kurdufan in Sudan and is the capital of the Umm Ruwabah District.	Umm Ruwaba	Sudan
country	Plogoff (in Breton Plougoñ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Plogoff	France
country	Tartas (Occitan: Tartàs) is a commune in the Landes department in Aquitaine in south-western France.	Tartas	France
country	Pacific Central Station in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada is a railway station which acts as the western terminus of Via Rail's cross-country The Canadian to Toronto and the northern terminus of Amtrak's Cascades to Seattle and Portland.	Pacific Central Station	Canada
country	Fynbos (/ˈfeɪnbɒs/; Dutch pronunciation: (ˈfɛi̯nbos) meaning fine-leaved plants) is a small belt of natural shrubland or heathland vegetation located on the Western Cape of South Africa.	Fynbos	South Africa
country	The Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts (LIPA) is one of the United Kingdom's leading institutions for performing arts.	Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts	United Kingdom
country	Tarnoslivka (Bulgarian: Търносливка) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Tarnoslivka	Bulgaria
country	Khadak Malegaon(खडक माळेगाव), Subdistrict-Niphad, District-Nashik,Maharashtra, India, 422304.	Khadak Malegaon	India
country	The Château de Cléron is a 14th-century castle in the commune of Cléron, 25 km south of Besançon, in the Doubs département of France.	Château de Cléron	France
country	Nanak Wara (Urdu: نانک واڑہ ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Saddar Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Nanak Wara	Pakistan
country	Ayabaca is a town in the highlands of the Piura Region in northwestern Peru, near the border with Ecuador.	Ayabaca	Peru
country	Králický Sněžník (Czech: (ˈkraːlɪtskiː ˈsɲɛʒɲiːk)) or Śnieżnik Kłodzki (Polish: (ˈɕɲeʐɲik)) is a mountain in the Eastern Sudetes, located on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland.	Králický Sněžník	Czech Republic	Poland
country	Galashki (Russian: Галашки; Ingush: Галашкe) is a rural locality (a selo) in Sunzhensky District of the Republic of Ingushetia, Russia, located on the left bank of the Sunzha River near the border with the Republic of North Ossetia--	Galashki	Russia
country	The Kajang Hospital (Malay: Hospital Kajang) is a government-funded district hospital located in the eastern part of Kajang town in the district of Hulu Langat in Selangor, Malaysia.	Kajang Hospital	Malaysia
country	The Salmeniko Castle (Greek: Κάστρο του Σαλμενίκου, Kastro tou Salmenikou) or Orgia or Oria Castle (Κάστρο Οργιάς/Ωριάς, cf. Kastro tis Orias) was a castle at the foot of Panachaiko mountain, in the modern municipality of Aigialeia, Achaea, Greece.	Salmeniko Castle	Greece
country	The Pandroseion was a sanctuary dedicated to Pandrosus, one of the daughters of Cecrops I, the first king of Attica Greece, located on the Acropolis of Athens.	Pandroseion	Greece
country	The Anointed King / Beili Wang (被立王) is a Christian cult of Christian origin in the People's Republic of China, which possibly had more than 100,000 members at its peak.	Beili Wang	People's Republic of China
country	Batu Galing is an administrative village at Curup Tengah subdistrict, Rejang Lebong, Indonesia.	Batu Galing	Indonesia
country	Zacatepec de Hidalgo (Zacatepec from nahuatl Zacatl meaning grass and tepetl meaning hill, thus loosely meaning ``grassy hill'') is a town in the state of Morelos, Mexico.	Zacatepec de Hidalgo	Mexico
country	Svanøya (also called Svanøyna and Brulandet) is an island in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Svanøya	Norway
country	Abbot Pass has a stone hut, built in 1922 by Swiss guides working for the Canadian Pacific Railway, now maintained by the Alpine Club of Canada.	Abbot Pass	Canada
country	Pania della Croce is a mountain (1,858 m) in the Alpi Apuane, in Tuscany, central Italy.	Pania della Croce	Italy
country	Karriere Bar is a bar and restaurant in the Meatpacking District of Copenhagen, Denmark, co-founded by Berlin-based, Danish artist Jeppe Hein in 2007.	Karriere Bar	Denmark
country	The Messner Mountain Museum or MMM is a museum project created by Italian mountaineer and extreme climber Reinhold Messner in South Tyrol in northern Italy.	Messner Mountain Museum	Italy
country	Shenkani (Armenian: Շենկանի; until 1978, Korbulakh, Korbulag, Kr'oyigegh, and K'yorbulagh) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Shenkani	Armenia
country	Troblje (pronounced (ˈtɾoːbljɛ)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia.	Troblje	Slovenia
country	Melounta (Greek: Μελούντα, Turkish: Mallıdağ), is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus, located 9 km north of Lefkoniko, or Gecitkale, on the south side of the eastern Pentadaktylos mountain range.	Melounta	Cyprus
country	Eindhoven Kemphanen is the professional ice hockey team of Eindhoven, The Netherlands.	Eindhoven Kemphanen	Netherlands
country	The Koster Islands (Swedish: Kosteröarna) situated 10 km west of Strömstad, Sweden, comprises an archipelago surrounding the two largest islands, South Koster and North Koster.	Koster Islands	Sweden
country	Podbolesławiec (pɔdbɔlɛˈswavjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Podbolesławiec	Poland
country	Isoko North is one of two Local Government Areas (LGA) in the Isoko region of Delta State, southern Nigeria -- the other being Isoko South.	Isoko North	Nigeria
country	Ruapuke is a small farming community (predominantly sheep and cattle farmers) in the Waikato region on the slopes of Karioi, between Raglan and Kawhia in New Zealand.	Ruapuke	New Zealand
country	Josefa Camejo International Airport (IATA: LSP, ICAO: SVJC), is the only airport serving Paraguana, Venezuela.	Josefa Camejo International Airport	Venezuela
country	Ajama also known as Suq-El-Ajama or Rabu' el-A'jama , Arabic: العجمة‎) is a village in the sub-governorate of Bariq in the province of Asir, Saudi Arabia.	Ajama	Saudi Arabia
country	The Wommen Viaduct is an arch bridge built between 1938 and 1940 near Wommen, Germany, as part of the Reichsautobahn system.	Wommen Viaduct	Germany
country	Dobrna (pronounced (ˈdoːbəɾna)) is a settlement in Slovenia.	Dobrna	Slovenia
country	Konc (pronounced (ˈkɔːnts) or (ˈkoːnts)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Konc	Slovenia
country	Stora Alvaret (the Great Alvar) is a limestone barren plain on the island of Öland, Sweden.	Stora Alvaret	Sweden
country	Koniecki-Rostroszewo (kɔˈɲɛt͡ski rɔstrɔˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Koniecki-Rostroszewo	Poland
country	Torkeh Dari (Persian: تركه داري‎, also Romanized as Torkeh Dārī; also known as Gurka-Derre, Turka-Dara, and Turka Darreh) is a village in Qurigol Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Torkeh Dari	Iran
country	The Federation Tower (Russian: Башня Федерация) is a complex of skyscrapers being built on the 13th lot of the Moscow International Business Center in Moscow, Russia.	Federation Tower	Russia
country	Cafayate (Spanish pronunciation: (kafaˈʒate)) is a town located at the central zone of the Valles Calchaquíes in the province of Salta, Argentina.	Cafayate	Argentina
country	Ballylanders (Irish: Baile an Londraigh) is a village in south County Limerick, Ireland.	Ballylanders	Ireland
country	Idstein Castle (German: Burg Idstein), later the Renaissance style Schloss Idstein, is located in Idstein in the county of Rheingau-Taunus, Germany.	Idstein Castle	Germany
country	Wolf Rock Lighthouse is on the Wolf Rock, Cornwall, a single rock located 18 nautical miles (33 km; 21 mi) east of St Mary's, Isles of Scilly and 8 nautical miles (15 km; 9.2 mi) southwest of Land's End, in Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Wolf Rock Lighthouse	United Kingdom
country	Dihika is a village in Asansol subdivision of Bardhaman district, West Bengal, India.	Dihika	India
country	Aizawl (English pronunciation: /aɪˈzɔːl/; Mizo: (ˈʌɪ̯.ˈzɔːl)) is the capital of the state of Mizoram in India.	Aizawl	India
country	The Preston Mountaineering Club is one of the older mountaineering clubs in the United Kingdom.	Preston Mountaineering Club	United Kingdom
country	Barvinkove (Ukrainian: Барвінкове) or Barvenkovo (Russian: Барве́нково) is a city in Kharkiv Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Barvinkove	Ukraine
country	Reguliersgracht is a canal in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Reguliersgracht	Netherlands
country	Mazraeh-ye Hajj Ali (Persian: مزرعه حاج علي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ḩājj ʿAlī) is a village in Zefreh Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Hajj Ali	Iran
country	Silaka Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa, close to the town of Port St. John's, and managed by Eastern Cape Parks.	Silaka Nature Reserve	South Africa
country	The Wyndham Apollo Hotel Amsterdam is a four-star hotel on the Stadionweg and Apollolaan (nl) in the Apollolaan District of Amsterdam-Zuid, Netherlands.	Apollo Hotel Amsterdam	Netherlands
country	Isenburg-Offenbach was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Offenbach and Neu Isenburg (built by the counts in 1699) in modern Hesse, Germany.	Isenburg-Offenbach	Germany
country	Dash Band (Persian: داش‌بند‎‎, also Romanized as Dāsh Band) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dash Band	Iran
country	Peshtera (Bulgarian: Пещера Peštera) is a town in southern Bulgaria.	Peshtera	Bulgaria
country	Baliqiao Station (Chinese: 八里桥站; pinyin: Bālĭqiáo Zhàn) is a station on Batong Line of the Beijing Subway in People's Republic of China.	Baliqiao Station	People's Republic of China
country	Central Tapanuli Regency (Tanapuli Tengahis in Indonesia) is a regency in North Sumatra province, Sumatra, Indonesia.	Central Tapanuli Regency	Indonesia
country	Negombo (Sinhala: මීගමුව (ˈmiːɡamuʋə); Tamil: நீர்கொழும்பு (nir koɭumbu)) is a major city in Sri Lanka, on the west coast of the island and at the mouth of the Negombo Lagoon, in Western Province, Sri Lanka.	Negombo	Sri Lanka
country	Chitipa is the capital of Chitipa District, Malawi and the birthplace of Malawian lawyer, politician, and philanthropist James Nyondo.	Chitipa	Malawi
country	Arguin (Portuguese: Arguim) is an island off the western coast of Mauritania in the Bay of Arguin.	Arguin	Mauritania
country	Kot Chibban is a small village in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan located within foothills of Himalayas and in the district and tehsil of Bhimber.	Kot Chibban	Pakistan
country	Friedensburg Castle (German: Schloss Friedensburg) is an early 16th-century castle overlooking the valley of the Sormitz at Leutenberg in southeast Thuringia, Germany.	Friedensburg Castle	Germany
country	Gori Ganga (also Ghori Ganga and Gori Gad) is a river in the Munsiyari tehsil of the Pithoragarh District, part of the state of Uttarakhand in northern India.	Gori Ganga	India
country	Hołny Majera (ˈxɔu̯nɨ maˈjɛra) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Hołny Majera	Poland
country	Les Escaldes (Catalan pronunciation: (ɫəz əsˈkaɫdəs), locally: (lez asˈkaɫdes)) or briefly Escaldes is an urban area in Escaldes-Engordany parish, Andorra.	Les Escaldes	Andorra
country	Old Erumai Vetti Palayam (Tamil: பழைய எருமைவெட்டிபாளையம்), is a developing residential area in North Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India	Old Erumai Vetti Palayam	India
country	The Tarascan Plateau (Spanish: Meseta Tarasca), also Purépecha Plateau (Meseta Purépecha), is a plateau and region in the Mexican state of Michoacán, in Southwestern Mexico The plateau begins at the southwestern foot of the Trans-Mexican volcanic belt.	Tarascan Plateau	Mexico
country	Towdystan is an unincorporated settlement and First Nations community of the Dakelh people located northwest of Charlotte Lake in the western Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Towdystan	Canada
country	Czechów Kąt (ˈt͡ʂɛxuf ˈkɔnt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Czechów Kąt	Poland
country	The Silverpeaks (sometimes spelt Silver Peaks) is an area of rough forest and tussock and scrub covered hill country inland and to the northwest of Dunedin, New Zealand.	Silverpeaks	New Zealand
country	Närsholmen is a peninsula and a nature reserve on the southeast coast of Gotland, Sweden, adjacent the village of När.	Närsholmen	Sweden
country	Shatabdi Express trains are a series of fast (called superfast in India) passenger trains operated by Indian Railways to connect Metro cities with other cities important for tourism, pilgrimage or business.	Shatabdi Express	India
country	Jimaguayú (Spanish pronunciation: (ximaɣwaˈʝu)) is a municipality and town in the Camagüey Province of Cuba.	Jimaguayú	Cuba
country	Monasteraden (Irish: Mainistir Réadáin, meaning ``Redan's monastery'') is a village in County Sligo, Ireland.	Monasteraden	Ireland
country	Theater Die Kleine Freiheit was a theatre in Munich, Bavaria, Germany.	Theater Die Kleine Freiheit	Germany
country	Podrąbiona (pɔdrɔmˈbjɔna) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Karsin, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Podrąbiona	Poland
country	Khun Yuam (Thai: ขุนยวม) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Khun Yuam District, in Mae Hong Son Province, Thailand.	Khun Yuam	Thailand
country	Ta Loas (Khmer: ឃុំតាលាស់) is a khum (commune) of Moung Ruessei District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Ta Loas	Cambodia
country	The Bunak language (also known as Bunaq, Buna', Bunake) is the language of the Bunak people of the mountainous region of central Timor, split between the political boundary between West Timor, Indonesia, particularly in Lamaknen District and East Timor.	Bunak language	East Timor
country	Derbyshki (Russian: Дербышки; Tatar: Cyrillic Дәрвишләр бистәсе, Latin Dәrvişlәr bistәsе) is a residential area in the city of Kazan, the capital of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Derbyshki	Russia
country	The Halifax Port Authority (HPA) is a port authority operating as a federally regulated Crown corporation of the Government of Canada.	Halifax Port Authority	Canada
country	Morgetshofsee is a kettle lake at Thayngen in the canton of Schaffhausen, Switzerland.	Morgetshofsee	Switzerland
country	Benivar-e Sofla (Persian: بنيوارسفلي‎, also Romanized as Benīvār-e Soflá; also known as Benvār-e Soflá, Bonvār-e Pā’īn, and Bonvār-e Soflá) is a village in Jarahi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Benivar-e Sofla	Iran
country	Vishram Ghat is a ghat, a bath and worship place, on the banks of river Yamuna in Mathura, India.	Vishram Ghat	India
country	Vaemla (German: Waimel) is a village in Käina Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.	Vaemla	Estonia
country	Korela Fortress (Russian: Корела, Finnish: Käkisalmen linna, Swedish: Kexholms slott), at the town of Priozersk, was founded by the Novgorodians to protect North Rus from Sweden.	Korela Fortress	Sweden
country	Port Honduras Marine Reserve is a national protected marine reserve in the Toledo district of Belize.	Port Honduras Marine Reserve	Belize
country	Haft Kusk (Persian: هفت کوسک‎, also Romanized as Haft Kūsk; also known as Hafkūshk and Haft Kūshk) is a village in Golzar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Haft Kusk	Iran
country	Huch'uy Milla (Quechua huch'uy (in Bolivia juch'uy) little, milla instep, also spelled Uchuy Milla) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,300 metres (17,388 ft) high.	Huch'uy Milla	Peru
country	Kolomyia or Kolomyya, formerly known as Kolomea (Ukrainian: Коломия, Polish: Kołomyja, Russian: Коломыя, German: Kolomea, Romanian: Colomeea, Yiddish: קאלאמיי‎), is a city located on the Prut River in the Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast (province), in western Ukraine.	Kolomyia	Ukraine
country	The Port of Albany is located within King George Sound on the south coast of the state of Western Australia, in the Great Southern region.	Port of Albany	Australia
country	Połomino (pɔwɔˈminɔ) (German: Podemin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Połomino	Poland
country	The Turkish Football Federation (TFF), also called the Turkish Football Association, (Turkish: Türkiye Futbol Federasyonu;) is the governing body of football in Turkey.	Turkish Football Federation	Turkey
country	The Naga Hills, reaching a height of around 3,825 metres (12,549 ft), lie on the border of India and Burma (Myanmar).	Naga Hills	Myanmar
country	The Bangalore Football Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Bangalore, Karnataka, India, which hosts mainly football matches.	Bangalore Football Stadium	India
country	Hasanabad-e Pain (Persian: حسن ابادپايين‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Pain	Iran
country	The Alberta Greens, also known as the Green Party of Alberta, was a provincial political party in the province of Alberta, Canada.	Alberta Greens	Canada
country	Alodia's location in modern Sudan rather than Egypt has also hampered excavations as the greater instability of that country has long hampered work.	Alodia	Sudan
country	Alfonso López Pumarejo Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Alfonso López Pumarejo) (IATA: VUP, ICAO: SKVP) serves as air terminal for the city of Valledupar, Colombia and as a small Colombian Air Force and Colombian Police air base.	Alfonso López Pumarejo Airport	Colombia
country	Badalovo (Ukrainian: Бадалово, Hungarian: Badaló) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Badalovo	Ukraine
country	Lanester (Breton: Lannarstêr) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany, in north-western France.	Lanester	France
country	Saint Gregory the Illuminator Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Գրիգոր Լուսավորիչ եկեղեցի, Surb Grigor Lusavorich yekeghets'i) was an Armenian Apostolic church in Yerevan, Armenia, that was destroyed in 1939.	Saint Gregory the Illuminator Church	Armenia
country	Mylor Creek (Cornish: Pol Scathow, meaning creek of boats) is a tidal ria in south Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Mylor Creek	United Kingdom
country	Slovak Paradise National Park (Slovak: Národný park Slovenský raj) is one of the nine national parks in Slovakia, situated in East Slovakia.	Slovak Paradise National Park	Slovakia
country	The Olenyok River (Russian: Оленёк, sometimes spelled Olenek) is a major river in northern Siberian Russia, west of the lower Lena River and east of the Anabar River.	Olenyok River	Russia
country	Kumar Bajitpur is a village located in the Vaishali district of Bihar, India.	Kumar Bajitpur	India
country	Etayo (Basque: Etaio) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Etayo	Spain
country	Ocean Plaza or Ocean Plaza Mall (Ukrainian: Океан Плаза ) is the second largest shopping mall and entertainment complex of Kyiv, Ukraine.	Ocean Plaza	Ukraine
country	Donja Trešnjica (Serbian Cyrillic: Доња Трешњица) is a village in Serbia.	Donja Trešnjica	Serbia
country	Słuczanka (swuˈt͡ʂaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Słuczanka	Poland
country	Nemška Vas na Blokah (pronounced (ˈneːmʃka ˈʋaːs na ˈbloːkax); Slovene: Nemška vas na Blokah) is a small village immediately north of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Nemška Vas na Blokah	Slovenia
country	Port Lincoln Prison is an Australian prison located in Port Lincoln, South Australia, Australia.	Port Lincoln Prison	Australia
country	Bandipur (Devanagari बन्दीपुर) is a hilltop settlement and a municipality in Tanahun District, (Gandaki Zone) of Nepal.	Bandipur	Nepal
country	Janovice (Polish: Janowice) is a village situated in the foothills of the Moravian-Silesian Beskids mountain range, 6 km south-east from the town Frýdek-Místek and 5 km north-east from Frýdlant nad Ostravicí, Czech Republic.	Janovice	Czech Republic
country	Rạch Gốc is an urban municipality and town in the Ngọc Hiển District of Cà Mau Province, Vietnam, approximately 68 kilometres from Cà Mau city.	Rạch Gốc	Vietnam
country	The Kluuvi shopping centre (Finnish: Kauppakeskus Kluuvi) is a shopping centre on Aleksanterinkatu in the Kluuvi district in central Helsinki, Finland.	Kluuvi shopping centre	Finland
country	Avenliq (Persian: اونليق‎, also Romanized as Āvenlīq and Avenlīq; also known as Avīnlīq) is a village in Tirchai Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Avenliq	Iran
country	Marousi or Maroussi (Greek: Μαρούσι, also Αμαρούσιο Amarousio) is a suburban city in the northeastern part of the Athens agglomeration, Greece.	Marousi	Greece
country	The Pragser Wildsee, or Lake Prags, Lake Braies (Italian: Lago di Braies; German: Pragser Wildsee) is a lake in the Prags Dolomites in South Tyrol, Italy.	Pragser Wildsee	Italy
country	Odessa City Hall is the city hall of Odessa, Ukraine, located at the junction of Primorskiy Boulevard, Chaikovskogo Lane and Pushkinska Street.	Odessa City Hall	Ukraine
country	Ranjit Bagh is a village three miles (5 km) north of city of Gurdaspur, India on Amritsar/Pathankot GT Road.	Ranjit Bagh	India
country	Fuentes de Carbajal (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈfwentez ðe karβaˈxal)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Fuentes de Carbajal	Spain
country	Shimoaka Dam (Japanese: 下赤ダム) is a dam in Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1962.	Shimoaka Dam	Japan
country	The South Fremantle Football Club, nicknamed the Bulldogs, is an Australian rules football club, based in Fremantle, Western Australia, playing in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).	South Fremantle Football Club	Australia
country	The Montreal Star was an English-language Canadian newspaper published in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Montreal Star	Canada
country	The Odeon Tower (French: Tour Odéon) is a double-skyscraper currently being built in the Principality of Monaco.	Odeon Tower	Monaco
country	Salim Chaf (Persian: سليم چاف‎, also Romanized as Salīm Chāf; also known as Salīm Chāk) is a village in Dehgah Rural District, Kiashahr District, Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Salim Chaf	Iran
country	Byatarayanapura is a suburb of Bangalore city in the state of Karnataka, India.	Byatarayanapura	India
country	Talakan Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Талакан) (IATA: TLC, ICAO: UECT) (also Vitim or Poliarny) is an airport in Yakutia, Russia located 105 km north-west of Vitim at the Talakan Oil Field.	Talakan Airport	Russia
country	Paglicci Cave is an archaeological site situated in Paglicci, near Rignano Garganico, Apulia, southern Italy.	Paglicci Cave	Italy
country	Mszanowo (mʂaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mszanowo	Poland
country	Boulon Forest is a protected forest in Burkina Faso.	Boulon Forest	Burkina Faso
country	The 2014 Zuiderduin Masters is a BDO/WDF darts tournament that took place in Egmond aan Zee, Netherlands.	2014 Zuiderduin Masters	Netherlands
country	Grm pri Podzemlju (pronounced (ˈɡəɾm pɾi pɔdˈzeːmlju)) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River north of Podzemelj in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Grm pri Podzemlju	Slovenia
country	The Col de Manse (1,268 m (4,160 ft)) is a mountain pass located in the Massif des Écrins approximately 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Gap in the Hautes-Alpes department of France.	Col de Manse	France
country	Central Sumba Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Sumba Tengah) is a regency in East Nusa Tenggara of Indonesia.	Central Sumba Regency	Indonesia
country	Ferunabad (Persian: فرون اباد‎, also Romanized as Ferūnābād, Farenābād, Farnābād, Farvānābād, Fir``aunābād, Firīnīābād, Forunābād Froonābād) is a village in Ferunabad Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 12,632, in 3,027 families.	Ferunabad	Iran
country	The Electoral district of Keysborough is an electoral district of the Victorian Legislative Assembly in Australia.	Electoral district of Keysborough	Australia
country	The Backstairs Passage is a strait in South Australia lying between Fleurieu Peninsula on the Australian mainland and Dudley Peninsula on the eastern end of Kangaroo Island).	Backstairs Passage	Australia
country	Sheffield & District Law Society is one of the United Kingdom's oldest and largest regional law societies.	Sheffield & District Law Society	United Kingdom
country	The Hatyaiwittayalai School is a high school in Hat Yai, Songkhla Province, Thailand	Hatyaiwittayalai School	Thailand
country	Darbari-ye Dam-e Abbas (Persian: داربري دم عباس‎‎, also Romanized as Dārbarī-ye Dam-e ʿAbbās) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darbari-ye Dam-e Abbas	Iran
country	Dzeudji (also spelled N'Zodghi) is a village in south-eastern Ivory Coast.	Dzeudji	Ivory Coast
country	The Letsibogo Dam is a dam on the Motloutse River in Botswana, built to initially provide water to the industrial town of Selebi-Phikwe and surrounding local areas, with potential for use in irrigation.	Letsibogo Dam	Botswana
country	Stamford Road (Chinese: 史丹福路) is a one-way road in Singapore within the planning areas of Downtown Core and Museum.	Stamford Road	Singapore
country	Stafholtstungnahreppur was formerly a rural parish (hreppur) in Mýrasýsla county, west Iceland, described as a ``typical farm parish''.	Stafholtstungnahreppur	Iceland
country	South Yarra railway station is located in the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of South Yarra on the Pakenham, Cranbourne, Frankston and Sandringham lines in Victoria, Australia.	South Yarra railway station	Australia
country	Tolniki Wielkie (tɔlˈniki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Tollnigk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiwity, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tolniki Wielkie	Poland
country	Chempadu is a hamlet in Radhapuram Taluk, Thirunelveli District, Tamil Nadu, southern India.	Chempadu	India
country	Winnipeg Transit is the public transit agency in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Winnipeg Transit	Canada
country	Człopa (ˈt͡ʂwɔpa) (German: Schloppe) is a city in Wałcz County of the West Pomeranian Voivodeship in northwestern Poland.	Człopa	Poland
country	Noakhali Science and Technology University (Bengali: নোয়াখালী বিজ্ঞান ও প্রযুক্তি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়) (popularly known as NSTU) is a newly established public university in the coastal terrain Noakhali of Bangladesh.	Noakhali Science and Technology University	Bangladesh
country	Furö is an island located in the Baltic Sea five nautical miles (about 6 miles) off the east coast of Oskarshamn in Sweden.	Furö	Sweden
country	Macalayo is an island located between the town of Taft and Sulat in Eastern Samar, Philippines.	Macalayo	Philippines
country	The Municipality of Trbovlje (Slovene: Občina Trbovlje) is a municipality in central Slovenia.	Municipality of Trbovlje	Slovenia
country	Mount Slaggard is the tenth highest peak in Canada and is located in Kluane National Park and Reserve.	Mount Slaggard	Canada
country	Temirtau (Kazakh: Теміртау / Temirtaw, Russian: Темиртау) is a city in the Karaganda Region of Kazakhstan.	Temirtau	Kazakhstan
country	The Saldurbach (Italian: Saldura) is a stream located in South Tyrol, Italy.	Saldurbach	Italy
country	Retje nad Trbovljami (pronounced (ˈɾeːtjɛ nat təɾˈboːu̯ljami), in older sources also Vretje) is a settlement in the Municipality of Trbovlje in central Slovenia.	Retje nad Trbovljami	Slovenia
country	Selassie Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada, and the source of the Whitesand River which flows into Lake Nipigon.	Selassie Lake	Canada
country	Tall Armeni (Persian: تل ارمني‎, also Romanized as Tall Ārmenī and Tall Ārmanī) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Tall Armeni	Iran
country	Dolž (pronounced (ˈdoːu̯ʃ)) is a settlement in the hills southeast of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia.	Dolž	Slovenia
country	Mulli (Quechua for Peruvian pepper tree, also spelled Molle) is a mountain in the Cordillera Central in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000-metre (16,404 ft) high.	Mulli	Peru
country	Hökarängen metro station is on the green line of Sweden's Stockholm metro, located in Hökarängen, Söderort.	Hökarängen metro station	Sweden
country	The Yaque del Sur River is a river in the southwestern Dominican Republic.	Yaque del Sur River	Dominican Republic
country	Bahour (Tamil: பாகூர்) is a town, Commune, Taluk and Assembly Constituency in the Union Territory of Puducherry, India.	Bahour	India
country	Rysiny-Kolonia (rɨˈɕinɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rysiny-Kolonia	Poland
country	Pindari Kanda Traill's Pass (el. 5,212 m or 17,100 ft) is a mountain pass through the Himalayas located between Nanda Devi and Nanda Kot peaks in the Uttarakhand state in the districts of Pithoragarh and Bageshwar in India.	Traill's Pass	India
country	Podmilačje (Cyrillic: Подмилачје) is a village in the municipality of Jajce, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Podmilačje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kaff al-Jaa (Arabic: كاف الجاع‎, pronounced Kāf al Jā`; also spelled Kaf al-Jaz) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Tartus Governorate, located northeast of Tartus.	Kaff al-Jaa	Syria
country	Tribuswinkel is a town and cadastral commune in the district of Baden in Lower Austria in northeast Austria.	Tribuswinkel	Austria
country	Drabiv (Ukrainian: Драбів) is an urban-type settlement located in Cherkasy Oblast (province) in central Ukraine.	Drabiv	Ukraine
country	Góra Świętej Małgorzaty (ˈɡura ˈɕfjɛntɛi̯ mau̯ɡɔˈʐatɨ) is a village in Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Góra Świętej Małgorzaty	Poland
country	The Royal Palace of Capodimonte (Italian Reggia di Capodimonte) is a grand Bourbon palazzo in Naples, Italy, formerly the summer residence and hunting lodge of the kings of the Two Sicilies, and was one of the two Royal Palaces in Napoli.	Palace of Capodimonte	Italy
country	Uaipán-tepui, also spelled Waipán, is a tepui in Bolívar state, Venezuela.	Uaipán-tepui	Venezuela
country	Sundatty is one of the subdivisions of Yedakadu in south India.	Sundatty	India
country	The Ikaba area is situated in Namibia in the far east of the Caprivi Region in Kabbe Constituency.	Ikaba area	Namibia
country	Cyangugu Province is one of the 12 former provinces of Rwanda.	Cyangugu Province	Rwanda
country	Vohenstrauß (or Vohenstrauss) is a town in Germany, located in the north-eastern part of the Bavarian region Upper Palatinate.	Vohenstrauß	Germany
country	Halu Poshteh (Persian: هلوپشته‎, also Romanized as Halū Poshteh) is a village in Mian Band Rural District, in the Central District of Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Halu Poshteh	Iran
country	The Arboretum des Pouyouleix (arboretumpouyouleix.com) is a private arboretum specializing in oaks (Quercus) located in Saint-Jory-de-Chalais, Dordogne, Aquitaine, France, and open by appointment only.	Arboretum des Pouyouleix	France
country	Garlyk Sanctuary is a sanctuary (zakaznik) of Turkmenistan.	Garlyk Sanctuary	Turkmenistan
country	Lützelsee is a lake north of Hombrechtikon, Canton of Zurich, Switzerland.	Lützelsee	Switzerland
country	Anna University is a technical university in Tamil Nadu, India.	Anna University	India
country	Antosia (Ukrainian: Антося) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Antosia	Ukraine
country	Zardughan (Persian: زردوغان‎, also Romanized as Zardūghān) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zardughan	Iran
country	Chal Revegeh (Persian: چال روگه‎, also Romanized as Chāl Revegeh; also known as Chāleh Revgar and Chāleh-ye Revgar) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chal Revegeh	Iran
country	1787 Krisztina Téri Iskola a 220-year-old historic school in the I. district of Budapest, Krisztinaváros, Hungary (in 2007).	Krisztinaváros	Hungary
country	Kamina Air Base (ICAO: FZSA) is a military airport located near Kamina in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Kamina Air Base	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Vũ Quang is a remote forested region of Vietnam, in which several new species of deer and antelope have been discovered since the 1990s.	Vũ Quang	Vietnam
country	Namorik Airport (or Namdrik Airport) is a public use airstrip located at Namorik on Namorik Atoll, Marshall Islands.	Namorik Airport	Marshall Islands
country	Bziv (Ukrainian: Бзів) is a village in Baryshivka raion (Baryshivskyi district) of Kiev oblast (Kyivska oblast), Ukraine.	Bziv	Ukraine
country	Skoganvarre (Northern Sami: Skuvvanvárri) is a village in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Skoganvarre	Norway
country	Koranit (Hebrew: קוֹרָנִית, lit. Thyme) is a communal settlement in northern Israel.	Koranit	Israel
country	The Royal Aberdeen Children's Hospital or RACH is a children's hospital in Aberdeen (Scotland), United Kingdom.	Royal Aberdeen Children's Hospital	United Kingdom
country	The Plose is a mountain in South Tyrol, Italy.	Plose	Italy
country	Wire Cache Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located 90km northeast of Clearwater.	Wire Cache Provincial Park	Canada
country	International Solomon University (ISU) is one of the leading non-governmental higher education institutions of Ukraine.	International Solomon University	Ukraine
country	Gembloux's Belfry belongs to the set of belfries of Belgium and France inscribed on UNESCO's World Heritage List in 2005.	Gembloux	Belgium
country	The Kraków-Częstochowa Upland, also known as the Polish Jurassic Highland or Polish Jura (Polish: Jura Krakowsko-Częstochowska), is part of the Jurassic System of south--central Poland, stretching between the cities of Kraków, Częstochowa and Wieluń.	Kraków-Częstochowa Upland	Poland
country	Tazeh Kand-e Qarah Bolagh (Persian: تازه كندقره بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Qarah Bolāgh; also known as Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Ani Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Qarah Bolagh	Iran
country	The Ba Vì mountain range (tên nôm: Núi Ba Vì, tên chữ:Núi Tản Viên) is a soil-limestone mountain range in Vietnam.	Ba Vì mountain range	Vietnam
country	Évora District (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈɛvuɾɐ), Portuguese: Distrito de Évora) is located in Alentejo, in southern Portugal.	Évora District	Portugal
country	Baena is a town of Andalucia in the province of Córdoba in southern Spain.	Baena	Spain
country	Muradiye (Armenian Berkri (Armenian: Բերկրի); Kurdish: Bêgirî‎) is a town and district in the Van Province of Turkey.	Muradiye	Turkey
country	Sepidan County (Persian: شهرستان سپیدان‎) is a county in Fars Province in Iran.	Sepidan County	Iran
country	Sant'Anna di Stazzema, officially Sant'Anna, is a village in Tuscany in central Italy.	Sant'Anna di Stazzema	Italy
country	The Thăng Long Bridge (Cầu Thăng Long, completed 1978) is a bridge in Hanoi, Vietnam, which connects the city with Noi Bai Airport.	Thăng Long Bridge	Vietnam
country	Trians is a small village under the administration of Cancelo at Negreira, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain.	Trians	Spain
country	Gativan (Persian: گتيوان‎, also Romanized as Gatīvān) is a village in Talang Rural District, Talang District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gativan	Iran
country	Sarshekaf (Persian: سرشكاف‎, also Romanized as Sarshekāf) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Sarshekaf	Iran
country	Usedom Abbey (German: Kloster Usedom) was a medieval Premonstratensian monastery on the isle of Usedom (Western Pomerania, Germany) near the town of Usedom.	Usedom Abbey	Germany
country	Kondinskoye Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Кондинское) (IATA: KXD, ICAO: USHK) is a minor airport in Russia.	Kondinskoye Airport	Russia
country	Dakshina Kannada is a coastal district in the state of Karnataka in India.	Dakshina Kannada	India
country	Malekayad (Persian: ملک آياد‎, also Romanized as Malekāyād; also known as Malekābād) is a village in Pachehlak-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Malekayad	Iran
country	The Twistesee is a reservoir on the Twiste in the county of Waldeck-Frankenberg in North Hesse, Germany.	Twistesee	Germany
country	The National Awakening Party (Indonesian: Partai Kebangkitan Bangsa, PKB) is a moderate Islamic and a conservative political party in Indonesia.	National Awakening Party	Indonesia
country	Kaybani is an island located off the coast of the town of Dolores, Eastern Samar in the Visayas, Philippines facing the Pacific Ocean.	Kaybani	Philippines
country	Nørrebro is one of the 10 official districts of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Nørrebro	Denmark
country	Surkamp (Persian: سوركمپ‎, also Romanized as Sūrkamp; also known as Sūr Kamb, Sūr Kamb, Surkhum, Sūrkhūn, Sūrkhūnī, Sūrkomb, and Surkum) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Surkamp	Iran
country	The village of Ghorak (also Ghowrak) is the center of Ghorak District in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan.	Ghorak	Afghanistan
country	Karłowiec (karˈwɔvjɛt͡s) (German: Karlsberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Karłowiec	Poland
country	The Dolní Žleb Ferry is a cable ferry across the Elbe river at Dolní Žleb in the Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Dolní Žleb Ferry	Czech Republic
country	Krahu i shqiponjës (``Eagle's Wing'') is an Albanian national magazine that first appeared in the democratic post-communist period, in Tirana (Albania), in 1995, in progress of Bilal Xhaferri's magazine, which was published in Chicago, USA.	Krahu i shqiponjës	Albania
country	The Philippine Health Insurance Corporation (PhilHealth) was created in 1995 to create a universal health coverage for the Philippines.	Philippine Health Insurance Corporation	Philippines
country	Engelsholm Castle, overlooking Engelsholm Lake, is located 14 km west of Vejle in south-western Denmark.	Engelsholm Castle	Denmark
country	The Ministry of Intelligence of the Islamic Republic of Iran (Persian: وِزارَتِ اِطّلاعات جُمهوریِ اِسلامیِ ایران Vezarat-e Ettela'at Jomhuri-ye Eslami-ye Iran) is the primary intelligence agency of the Islamic Republic of Iran and a member of the Iran Intelligence Community.	Ministry of Intelligence	Iran
country	Busówno-Kolonia (buˈsuvnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Busówno-Kolonia	Poland
country	Iere High School is one of five Presbyterian secondary schools in Trinidad and Tobago, and it is notably the only coeducational of the five.	Iere High School	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Jamalabad-e Kuseh (Persian: جمال اباد كوسه‎, also Romanized as Jamālābād-e Kūseh) is a village in Kalashtar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jamalabad-e Kuseh	Iran
country	Wittenburg is a town in the district Ludwigslust-Parchim in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Wittenburg	Germany
country	Banderas River (Spanish: Rio Banderas) is a river located in the southern part of the Ahuachapán Department of El Salvador.	Banderas River	El Salvador
country	Windhoek International School (known locally as the International School or WIS) is an independent, co-educational, international school located in Windhoek, Namibia.	Windhoek International School	Namibia
country	Pura Ulun Danu Bratan, or Pura Bratan, is a major Shivaite and water temple on Bali, Indonesia.	Pura Ulun Danu Bratan	Indonesia
country	Bukit Marak (literally Shining Hill) is a village in Bachok, Kelantan, Malaysia, located about 24 kilometres (15 mi) south of the state capital Kota Bharu.	Bukit Marak	Malaysia
country	Brahmakulam is a census town in the Thrissur district in the state of Kerala, India.	Brahmakulam	India
country	Havlíčkův Brod (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦavliːtʃkuːf ˈbrot)), Německý Brod until 1945 (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɲɛmɛtskiː ˈbrot); German: Deutschbrod) is a town in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Havlíčkův Brod	Czech Republic
country	Saint-Claude Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Pierre, Saint-Paul et Saint-André de Saint-Claude) is a Roman Catholic cathedral, and a national monument of France, located in the town of Saint-Claude.	Saint-Claude Cathedral	France
country	Kandahar International Airport (referred to by ISAF as Kandahar Airfield, KAF) (IATA: KDH, ICAO: OAKN) is located 10 miles (16 kilometers) south-east of Kandahar City in Afghanistan.	Kandahar International Airport	Afghanistan
country	Harar-e Kalgah-e Shiraz (Persian: حراركلگاه شيراز‎, also Romanized as Ḩarār-e Kalgāh-e Shīrāz; also known as Ḩarāreh Kalgāh-e Shīrāz) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Harar-e Kalgah-e Shiraz	Iran
country	Brighton Secondary School (formerly Brighton High School) resides in Brighton, a beach suburb of Adelaide, South Australia.	Brighton Secondary School	Australia
country	Bad Gandersheim Airport is a German aerodrome located in Bad Gandersheim in the district of Northeim in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Bad Gandersheim Airport	Germany
country	Qeshlaq-e Qara Khanlu (Persian: قشلاق قراخانلو ‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qarā Khānlū; also known as Kahlī Qarah Khānlū) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Qara Khanlu	Iran
country	The Port of Aarhus (Danish: Aarhus Havn) located in the city of Aarhus is a deep-sea port and the largest container port in Denmark with a national 50% market share in container handling.	Port of Aarhus	Denmark
country	Barrio Suecia (Spanish for ``Swedish neighborhood'') is a section of Santiago, Chile, centered on Calle Suecia (``Swedish Street''), in the upscale Providencia municipality, which once included many pubs, discos and restaurants.	Barrio Suecia	Chile
country	Wola Pieczyska (ˈvɔla pjɛˈt͡ʂɨska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Pieczyska	Poland
country	The Sankwala Mountains are a mountain range in Obanliku Local Government Area of Cross River State in Nigeria.	Sankwala Mountains	Nigeria
country	Oster (Ukrainian: Осте́р, Russian: Остёр) is a city located where the Oster River flows into the Desna in Chernihiv Oblast of Ukraine.	Oster	Ukraine
country	The Review of the National Innovation System was a process established in January 2008 by the Government of Australia and coordinated by an expert panel.	Review of the National Innovation System	Australia
country	Ovrya (Greek: Οβρυά) is a town in Achaea, Greece.	Ovrya	Greece
country	Callaghan Innovation, a Crown Agency of New Zealand, has the task of making New Zealand business more innovative.	Callaghan Innovation	New Zealand
country	The Takaka River lies in the northwest of New Zealand's South Island.	Takaka River	New Zealand
country	Maddilapalem is an area of Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Maddilapalem	India
country	Hesar-e Valiyeasr (Persian: حصارولي عصر‎, also Romanized as Heṣār-e Valīyeʿaṣr) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District, Avaj District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Valiyeasr	Iran
country	Al-Mushrifah (Arabic: المشرفة‎, also spelled al-Mishirfeh, el-Mishrife or Musharrfeh) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located northeast of Homs.	Al-Mushrifah	Syria
country	Acico Twin Towers is a complex of two towers along Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Acico Twin Towers	United Arab Emirates
country	Asociación Continental Americana de Trabajadores was a Latin American anarcho-syndicalist trade union confederation, founded in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 1929 (other sources say 1928).	Asociación Continental Americana de Trabajadores	Argentina
country	Karipur (also spelt Karippur) is a locality in the Kondotty taluk of the Malappuram district of Kerala, south India, 25 km (16 mi) from the city of Malappuram.	Karipur	India
country	Peyghambar (Persian: پيغمبر‎, also Romanized as Peyghambar; also known as Moḩammadābād-e Peyghambar and Moḩammadābād) is a village in Manjilabad Rural District, in the Central District of Robat Karim County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Peyghambar	Iran
country	Fengolo (also spelled Fangolo) is a town in north-western Ivory Coast.	Fengolo	Ivory Coast
country	Mila Rodino (``Мила Родино'' (miɫɐ rɔdino), translated as ``Dear Motherland'' or ``Dear native land'') is the current national anthem of Bulgaria.	Mila Rodino	Bulgaria
country	Siah Afshar (Persian: سياه افشار‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Afshār; also known as Seyāfshād, Sīā Afshār, and Sīāfshū) is a village in Garkan-e Shomali Rural District, Pir Bakran District, Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Siah Afshar	Iran
country	Abu ol Qiyefeh (Persian: ابوالقيفه‎, also Romanized as Abū ol Qīyefeh) is a village in Shavur Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu ol Qiyefeh	Iran
country	Ishkoshim Range, also Ishkashim Range (Russian: Ишкашимский хребет), is a mountain range in Pamir Mountains in Tajikistan, in the extreme southwest corner of the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province (Ishkoshim District).	Ishkoshim Range	Tajikistan
country	Linguère is a town located in the Linguère Department, Louga Region of Senegal.	Linguère	Senegal
country	Metro Davao, officially called Metropolitan Davao (Cebuano: Kaulohang Dabaw, Filipino: Kalakhang Dabaw), is a metropolitan area in the Mindanao island group, Philippines.	Metro Davao	Philippines
country	Nanadegan (Persian: ننادگان‎, also Romanized as Nanādegān and Nanādgan; also known as Naneh Dagūn and Tanādegān) is a village in Varzaq-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Faridan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Nanadegan	Iran
country	Pamparomas is a village in the Pamparomas District of the Huaylas Province in the Ancash Region of Peru.	Pamparomas	Peru
country	Vasilivka (Ukrainian: Василівка; Romanian: Vaisal) is a village in Odessa Oblast, Ukraine.	Vasilivka	Ukraine
country	Kabalagala is a neighborhood in Kampala, the capital and largest city in Uganda.	Kabalagala	Uganda
country	The Bafing River runs through Guinea and Mali and is about 760 kilometres (470 mi) long.	Bafing River	Guinea	Mali
country	The Debla River is a river in the Pădurea Craiului Mountains of Romania.	Debla River	Romania
country	The Protestant church of Drogeham or Saint Nicholas church is a church in Drogeham, Netherlands.	Protestant church of Drogeham	Netherlands
country	The Fave is a river in France in the eastern region of Lorraine.	Fave	France
country	Sde Tzvi (Hebrew: שְׂדֵה צְבִי, lit. Zvi Field) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Sde Tzvi	Israel
country	Siderno (Greek: Σιδέρνο Siderinò) is a town and comune located in Calabria, Italy about 3 kilometres from Locri.	Siderno	Italy
country	Aero Tropical, also known as Air Tropical, was an airline based in Angola.	Aero Tropical	Angola
country	Haćki (ˈxat͡ɕki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Haćki	Poland
country	Kizia (Ukrainian: Кіз'я) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Kizia	Ukraine
country	Davao Prison and Penal Farm (formerly Davao Penal Colony (DaPeCol)) was established on January 21, 1932 in Panabo City, Davao del Norte, Philippines.	Davao Prison and Penal Farm	Philippines
country	Chevery Airport (IATA: YHR, ICAO: CYHR) is located on the north-eastern shore of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, Quebec, Canada in the town of Chevery.	Chevery Airport	Canada
country	Gudauri (Georgian: გუდაური) is a ski resort located on the southern slopes of The Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in Georgia.	Gudauri	Georgia
country	Koraćica (Serbian: Кораћица) is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia.	Koraćica	Serbia
country	Nokhoroy (Russian: Нохорой) is a rural locality (a selo), one of two settlements, in addition to Isit, in Bestyakhsky Rural Okrug of Isitsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Nokhoroy	Russia
country	The Daguragu Community is an Aboriginal community in the Katherine Region of the Northern Territory, Australia.	Daguragu Community	Australia
country	Kunchla is a town in central Nepal, approximately 100 kilometres north-west of the Nepalese capital Kathmandu.	Kunchla	Nepal
country	Bazui (Persian: بازوئي‎, also Romanized as Bāzū’ī; also known as Bārū’ī and Bāzūhā) is a village in Ahram Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Bazui	Iran
country	Kladorub (Bulgarian: Кладоруб (kladoˈrub)) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria.	Kladorub	Bulgaria
country	Gomtuiyeh (Persian: گمتوييه‎, also Romanized as Gomtū’īyeh; also known as Gombatū’īyeh and Gonbatū’īyeh) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gomtuiyeh	Iran
country	Alipur Chatta railway station (Urdu: علی پور چھٹہ ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in Alipur Chatha city, Gujranwala district, Punjab province, Pakistan.	Alipur Chatta railway station	Pakistan
country	Widugiery (viduˈɡʲɛrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Widugiery	Poland
country	Głuchów Dolny (ˈɡwuxuf ˈdɔlnɨ) (German: Ober Glauche) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Głuchów Dolny	Poland
country	Yalinga is a town and sub-prefecture in the Haute-Kotto prefecture of the central-eastern Central African Republic.	Yalinga	Central African Republic
country	Ghumauney Gewog is a former gewog (village block) of Samtse District, Bhutan.	Ghumauney Gewog	Bhutan
country	Loma Bosa (also known as simply Loma) was one of the 77 woredas in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia.	Loma Bosa	Ethiopia
country	Sekhukhuneland or Sekukuniland (Afrikaans: Sekoekoeniland) is a natural region in NE South Africa, located in the historical Transvaal zone, former Transvaal Province.	Sekhukhuneland	South Africa
country	Cowan Cowan is a township on Moreton Island and a locality of the City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Cowan Cowan	Australia
country	Cheshmeh Khatun (Persian: چشمه خاتون‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Khātūn) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Khatun	Iran
country	The Danish Wadden Sea Islands are a group of islands on the western coast of Jutland, Denmark.	Danish Wadden Sea Islands	Denmark
country	Keelapavoor (Keezhapavur - கீழப்பாவூர் is located in Tirunelveli District in Tamil Nadu State, India It is a town in Alangulam Taluk and is located at a distance of 12 km from Tenkasi and 14 km from Courtalam and 40 km from Tirunelveli	Keelapavoor	India
country	Kivaj (Persian: كيوج‎, also Romanized as Kīvaj; also known as Gīvaj, Kavā, Kovā, and Kuva) is a village in Ardalan Rural District, Mehraban District, Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kivaj	Iran
country	Maribo Cathedral (Danish: Maribo Domkirke) is a Romanesque cathedral church in Maribo on the island of Lolland in the southeast of Denmark.	Maribo Cathedral	Denmark
country	Hol Chan Marine Reserve is a marine reserve close to Ambergris Caye and Caye Caulker, off the coast of Belize.	Hol Chan Marine Reserve	Belize
country	The Federation of Russian Canadians is a left-leaning cultural organization for Russian immigrants to Canada and their descendants.	Federation of Russian Canadians	Canada
country	The Lofoi Falls (also known as the Chutes Kaloba and the Chutes Lofoi) is a waterfall in Kundelungu National Park, Katanga Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo and is one of the largest waterfalls in Central Africa.	Lofoi Falls	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Connoisseurs consider its Vino Nobile, which should not be confused with varietal wine merely made from the Montepulciano grape, among Italy's best.	Montepulciano	Italy
country	The greater part of the Danube Delta lies in Romania (Tulcea County), while its northern part, on the left bank of the Chilia arm, is situated in Ukraine (Odessa Oblast).	Danube Delta	Romania
country	Chah-e Dimkaran (Persian: چاه ديمكاران‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Dīmḵārān) is a village in Kadkan Rural District, Kadkan District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Dimkaran	Iran
country	Bærums Verk is a village in Bærum in Akershus, Norway, with a population of about 8000.	Bærums Verk	Norway
country	The Clermont-Ferrand tramway (French: Tramway de Clermont-Ferrand) is a transit system located in the city of Clermont-Ferrand in the Auvergne Region of France.	Clermont-Ferrand tramway	France
country	Lake Rotoaira (sometimes written Lake Roto-aira) is a small lake to the south of Lake Taupo on the North Island Volcanic Plateau in New Zealand.	Lake Rotoaira	New Zealand
country	Kåbdalis is a small locality in the Municipality of Jokkmokk, Norrbotten County, Sweden, with 91 inhabitants 2005.	Kåbdalis	Sweden
country	Kazımlı (also, Kyazymly) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kazımlı	Azerbaijan
country	Makran Coastal Highway is a 653 km-long coastal highway along Pakistan's Arabian Sea coastline.	Makran Coastal Highway	Pakistan
country	The Paléo Festival de Nyon, usually just called Paléo, is an annual rock festival held in Nyon, Switzerland, between Geneva and Lausanne.	Paléo Festival	Switzerland
country	Trebovljani (Serbian: Требовљани) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Trebovljani	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Zełwągi (zɛu̯ˈvɔnɡi) (formerly German Zellbongen or Selbongen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zełwągi	Poland
country	Kennedy River Bog Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the south side of the Kennedy River, downstream from Kennedy Lake.	Kennedy River Bog Provincial Park	Canada
country	Olsztyn ((ˈɔlʂtɨn) (OL-sh-tin); German: Allenstein ( listen); Old Polish: Holstin; Old Prussian: Alnāsteini or Alnestabs; Lithuanian: Olštynas) is a city on the Łyna River in northeastern Poland.	Olsztyn	Poland
country	Grant Lyon (Tamil: கிராண்ட் லயன்), is a developing residential area and suburban area in North Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India.	Grant Lyon	India
country	Lødingen Church (Norwegian: Lødingen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lødingen in Nordland county, Norway.	Lødingen Church	Norway
country	Grodkowska Plain (Polish: Równina Grodkowska) is a micro-region covering the south-eastern part of the Wroclaw Plain in Poland, between the river Oława, Oder and Neisse Kłodzka; in the region there are upland moraine, eskers, fertile soil, and agriculture.	Grodkowska Plain	Poland
country	Ohanavan (Armenian: Օհանավան, also Romanized as Oganavan) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Ohanavan	Armenia
country	The Shymkent Zoo (Kazakh: Шымкент хайуанханасы; Russian: Шымкентский зоопарк) is the state zoo of the city Shymkent in Kazakhstan.	Shymkent Zoo	Kazakhstan
country	Igreja da Memória is a church in Ajuda (Lisbon), Portugal.	Igreja da Memória	Portugal
country	Marcinkonys is a village in Varėna district, Lithuania, located south-east of Merkinė.	Marcinkonys	Lithuania
country	Tremore is a small hamlet in the parish of Lanivet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Tremore	United Kingdom
country	Coalmining in India first started in the Raniganj Coalfield.	Raniganj Coalfield	India
country	Construction of the Seal Island Bridge began in 1960 as part of the Trans-Canada Highway project.	Seal Island Bridge	Canada
country	The Opalchentsi took an active part in the Second and Fourth Battle of Shipka Pass and after the end of the war went on to form Bulgaria's army.	Opalchentsi	Bulgaria
country	Houli Station (Chinese: 后里車站; pinyin: Hòulǐ Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Taichung Line located in Houli District, Taichung, Taiwan.	Houli Station	Taiwan
country	Nariyapuram(നരിയാപുരം) is a village in Vallicode Panchayat of Pathanamthitta district in Kerala, India.	Nariyapuram	India
country	Florentino Torres High School, commonly known as Torres High School (THS), is located in Tondo, Manila, Philippines.	Florentino Torres High School	Philippines
country	Lichte is a municipality in the district of Saalfeld-Rudolstadt in Thuringia, Germany, close to the Thuringian Rennsteig.	Lichte	Germany
country	Issogne Castle is a castle in Issogne, in lower Aosta Valley, in northwestern Italy.	Issogne Castle	Italy
country	Lehavot HaBashan (Hebrew: לְהֲבוֹת הַבָּשָׁן, lit. Flames of the Bashan) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Lehavot HaBashan	Israel
country	Wiamoase is a village in the Sekyere South district, a district in the Ashanti Region of Ghana.	Wiamoase	Ghana
country	Seh Tapan Salim (Persian: سه تپان سليم‎, also Romanized as Seh Tapān Salīm) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Seh Tapan Salim	Iran
country	Puke Ariki is a combined museum and library at New Plymouth, New Zealand.	Puke Ariki	New Zealand
country	Monemvasia (Greek: Μονεμβασία) is a town and a municipality in Laconia, Greece.	Monemvasia	Greece
country	Alquyruq (Persian: القويروق‎, also Romanized as Ālqūyrūq) is a village in Dizaj Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alquyruq	Iran
country	The Ganslernhang (or Ganslern for short) is a ski piste in Kitzbühel in Austria, on which the slalom events of the Hahnenkamm Races take place.	Ganslernhang	Austria
country	Allambie Reception Centre was a former reception, treatment, classification and transit centre for children admitted to the care of the Victorian Government in Australia.	Allambie Reception Centre	Australia
country	Dédestapolcsány is a picturesque village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Hungary.	Dédestapolcsány	Hungary
country	Ras al Hadd (رأس الحد) is a village in Ash Sharqiyah district in Oman.	Ras al Hadd	Oman
country	Colmenar de Montemayor is a municipality in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon.	Colmenar de Montemayor	Spain
country	Bivane Dam (formerly known as the Paris Dam) is an arch type dam on the Bivane River, near Vryheid, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa .	Bivane Dam	South Africa
country	Philippolis is a small town in the Free State province of South Africa.	Philippolis	South Africa
country	Montbron is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France on the Tardoire river.	Montbron	France
country	Glanworth (Irish: Gleannúir, meaning ``yew valley'') is a village on the R512 regional road, 8 km northwest of the town of Fermoy in County Cork, Ireland.	Glanworth	Ireland
country	Galów (ˈɡaluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Galów	Poland
country	Susukino Station (すすきの駅) is a train station in Chūō-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan.	Susukino Station	Japan
country	Kızılcapınar Dam is an embankment dam on the Kızlar River Zonguldak Province, Turkey.	Kızılcapınar Dam	Turkey
country	Decs is a village in Tolna County, Hungary.	Decs	Hungary
country	The Ottawa Champions Baseball Club (French: Les Champions d'Ottawa) is a professional baseball team based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Ottawa Champions	Canada
country	Estakhr-e Mian Sahra (Persian: استخرميان صحرا‎, also Romanized as Estakhr-e Mīān Şaḩrā) is a village in Galehzan Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Estakhr-e Mian Sahra	Iran
country	Panay River is a river of the Philippines, draining a large portion of Panay Island in Western Visayas region.	Panay River	Philippines
country	Ghormach (Pashto: غورماچ‎) or Ghowrmach is a village in Badghis Province in north western Afghanistan.	Ghormach	Afghanistan
country	Kashir Mahalleh (Persian: كشيرمحله‎, also Romanized as Kashīr Maḩalleh) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kashir Mahalleh	Iran
country	Qalebi-ye Sofla (Persian: قالبي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qālebī-ye Soflá; also known as Qālebī) is a village in Veysian Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Qalebi-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Jelični Vrh (pronounced (jɛˈliːtʃni ˈʋəɾx)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills southeast of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Jelični Vrh	Slovenia
country	Solli plass, pronounced /su:li/ or /suli/, /plas/ or /pɽas/, also called Lapsetorvet, is a square in Oslo, Norway, located southwest of Slottsparken and the Royal Palace.	Solli plass	Norway
country	Flensjøen is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county and Os in Hedmark county, Norway.	Flensjøen	Norway
country	The Biomedical Research Council (Abbreviation: BMRC; Chinese: 生物医药研究理事会) is a research council in Singapore, established in October 2000.	Biomedical Research Council	Singapore
country	Nam Nao National Park is a protected area in Nam Nao District, Phetchabun Province in northern Thailand.	Nam Nao National Park	Thailand
country	Cabimas is a city on the shore of Maracaibo Lake in Zulia State in northwestern Venezuela.	Cabimas	Venezuela
country	German submarine U-795 was a Type XVIIA U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. U-795 was laid down on 2 February 1943 at the Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft shipyard at Kiel.	German submarine U-795	Nazi Germany
country	In 1861 Mezzani with Duchy of Parma became part of the Kingdom of Italy.	Mezzani	Italy
country	The Alvear Palace Hotel is a luxury hotel located in Avenida Alvear in Recoleta, an upscale neighbourhood in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Alvear Palace Hotel	Argentina
country	Vatutine (Ukrainian: Ватутіне; Russian: Ватутино) is a city in Cherkasy Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Vatutine	Ukraine
country	Shaybah Oil Field is a major crude oil production site in Saudi Arabia, located approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) from the northern edge of the Rub' Al-Khali (``Empty Quarter'') desert.	Shaybah	Saudi Arabia
country	Mazraeh-ye Chaghadu (Persian: مزرعه چغادو‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Chaghādū) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District, in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Chaghadu	Iran
country	Nuijamaa Church (Finnish: Nuijamaan kirkko) is an Evangelical Lutheran church in the Nuijamaa district of Lappeenranta, Finland.	Nuijamaa Church	Finland
country	The Hakai Institute (formerly the Hakai Beach Institute) is a scientific research, teaching and meeting center established by Eric Peterson and Christina Munck on Calvert Island, a remote island on the exposed Pacific edge of the Great Bear Rainforest on the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Hakai Institute	Canada
country	Cape Rodney-Okakari Point Marine Reserve is a 5.18 km2 (2.00 sq mi) protected area in the North Island of New Zealand.	Cape Rodney-Okakari Point Marine Reserve	New Zealand
country	Buguruslan (Russian: Бугурусла́н) is a town in Orenburg Oblast, Russia.	Buguruslan	Russia
country	Guacimal River (Spanish: Rio Guacimal) is a river of Costa Rica.	Guacimal River	Costa Rica
country	ATN News is a 24-hour news television channel in Bangladesh.	ATN News	Bangladesh
country	The River Suck (Irish: An tSuca) is a river within the Shannon River Basin in Ireland, 133 km (82.5 mi) in length.	River Suck	Ireland
country	Châteauneuf-en-Thymerais is a commune Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.	Châteauneuf-en-Thymerais	France
country	Maynooth (/məˈnuːθ/; Irish: Maigh Nuad) is a university town in north County Kildare, Ireland.	Maynooth	Ireland
country	The Max Müller Library was a library in Japan named after Max Müller, and held books mainly focused on languages and religion.	Max Müller Library	Japan
country	Chibougamau/Chapais Airport (IATA: YMT, ICAO: CYMT) is located 10.7 nautical miles (19.8 km; 12.3 mi) southwest of Chibougamau, Quebec, Canada, or about halfway to Chapais along Route 113.	Chibougamau/Chapais Airport	Canada
country	Tazaghine (Amazigh: Tazaghin, ⵜⴰⵣⴰⵖⵉⵏ, Arabic: تزاغين) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco.	Tazaghine	Morocco
country	Calgary School District No. 19 or the Calgary Board of Education (CBE) is the public school board in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Calgary Board of Education	Canada
country	Otwock railway station is a railway station in Otwock, Poland.	Otwock railway station	Poland
country	TS Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała (Polish pronunciation: (pɔdbɛˈskʲidʑɛ ˈbʲɛlskɔ ˈbʲawa)) is a football club based in Bielsko-Biała, Poland.	Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała	Poland
country	Unabhängige Liste Flattach (Independent): 8 Team Alternative für Flattach (Independent): 4 Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ): 2 Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ): 1	Flattach	Austria
country	Chantrey Inlet (Tariunnuaq) is a bay on the Arctic coast of Canada.	Chantrey Inlet	Canada
country	The A77 autoroute is a motorway in central France.	A77 autoroute	France
country	Gribshunden sank in 1495 after catching fire while in the Baltic Sea off the coast of Ronneby in southeastern Sweden; she is one of the best-preserved wrecks from the late medieval period.	Gribshunden	Sweden
country	Banyawol Station is a station of the Daegu Subway Line 1 in Seoho-dong and Dongho-dong, Dong District, Daegu, South Korea.	Banyawol Station	South Korea
country	The Basque Government (Basque: Eusko Jaurlaritza) is the governing body of the Basque Autonomous Community of Spain.	Basque Government	Spain
country	Trzemcha Górna (ˈtʂɛmxa ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Trzemcha Górna	Poland
country	The Balkan Wars Memorial Cemetery in Edirne (Turkish: Edirne Balkan Savaşı Şehitliği), located at Sarayiçi quarter of Edirne, Turkey, is a memorial burial ground for Ottoman military personnel of the Balkan Wars (1912--1913), who were killed in action during the Siege of Adrianople (1912--13).	Balkan Wars Memorial Cemetery in Edirne	Turkey
country	Razbor pri Čemšeniku (pronounced (ˈɾaːzbɔɾ pɾi tʃɛmʃɛˈniːku) or (ɾazˈbɔɾ pɾi tʃɛmʃɛˈniːku)) is a settlement in the hills north of Izlake in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Razbor pri Čemšeniku	Slovenia
country	Al Khalidi Medical Center (KMC) is one of the leading heart and comprehensive specialty hospitals in Jordan.	Al Khalidi Medical Center	Jordan
country	The Walther Collection is a private non-profit organization dedicated to researching, collecting, exhibiting, and publishing modern and contemporary photography and video art. The Collection has two exhibition spaces: the Walther Collection in Neu-Ulm/Burlafingen, in Germany, and the Walther Collection Project Space in 'New York City.	The Walther Collection	Germany
country	The Protestant church of Dearsum or Saint Nicholas church is a religious building in Dearsum, Netherlands, one of medieval churches in Friesland.	Protestant church of Dearsum	Netherlands
country	Staré Hradiště is a village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic, very near to city of Pardubice.	Staré Hradiště	Czech Republic
country	The Cayos Cochinos or Cochinos Cays are a group of two small islands (15°58′18.99``N 86°28′31.34''W) (Cayo Menor and Cayo Grande) and 13 more small coral cays situated 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of La Ceiba on the northern shores of Honduras.	Cayos Cochinos	Honduras
country	Ögii Lake (Mongolian: Өгий нуур) is a freshwater lake in eastern Arkhangai, in central Mongolia.	Ögii Lake	Mongolia
country	Weewanie Hot Springs Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the east bank of Devastation Channel opposite the north end of Hawkesbury Island, in the Gardner Canal region south of Kitimat on the province's North Coast.	Weewanie Hot Springs Provincial Park	Canada
country	Yrgyz (Kazakh: Ырғыз) is a selo in Aktobe Region, Kazakhstan.	Yrgyz	Kazakhstan
country	The city of Pavlopetri (Greek: Παυλοπέτρι), underwater off the coast of southern Laconia in Peloponnese, Greece, is about 5,000 years old, and one of the oldest submerged Lost city (oldest in Mediterranean sea).	Pavlopetri	Greece
country	Novo Selo-Petrich (Bulgarian and Macedonian: Ново Село-Петрич, Novo Selo-Petrič) is the southernmost of three international border crossings between the Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria, near Petrich.	Novo Selo-Petrich	Bulgaria
country	Bijograd (Serbian Cyrillic: Бијоград) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bijograd	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Banpo-dong is a dong, neighborhood of Seocho-gu in Seoul, South Korea.	Banpo-dong	South Korea
country	Horin Khalifeh (Persian: هرين خليفه‎, also Romanized as Horīn Khalīfeh; also known as Hornī Khalīfeh and Khalīfeh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Horin Khalifeh	Iran
country	Kozenin (kɔˈzɛnin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kozenin	Poland
country	İmarət Qərvənd (also, Giaravand, Imarat'' K’arvand, Imarat-Karvend, Imaret-Geravend, Imeret''-Herekend, and Imeret-Gerevend) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İmarət Qərvənd	Azerbaijan
country	Knajka is a stream in the Cieszyn County, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland, in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.	Knajka	Poland
country	Mörtsjön (Swedish for ``Roach Lake'') is a small lake in Huddinge Municipality, south of Stockholm in Sweden.	Mörtsjön	Sweden
country	Anbolan Sara (Persian: انبلانسرا‎, also Romanized as Ānbolān Sarā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Anbolan Sara	Iran
country	Masan was a former capital city of South Gyeongsang Province, South Korea.	Masan	South Korea
country	Mazraeh-ye Tamarchin (Persian: مزرعه تمرچين‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Tamarchīn; also known as Tamarchīn) is a village in Piran Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 44, in 9 families.	Mazraeh-ye Tamarchin	Iran
country	Barva is a small city in the Canton of Barva, in Heredia Province, Costa Rica.	Barva	Costa Rica
country	Mount Ngualla, often referred to simply as Ngualla, is a collapsed volcano located in the remote south west of Tanzania.	Ngualla	Tanzania
country	Ain M'lila Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Algeria, located approximately 17 km north-northwest of Aïn Kercha in Oum el Bouaghi province, about 50 km south-southeast of Constantine.	Ain M'lila Airfield	Algeria
country	Piccadilly Valley wine sub-region is a wine sub-region in South Australia located between the town of Summertown in the north and the towns of Sterling and Aldgate to its south in the Mount Lofty Ranges to the east of the Adelaide city centre.	Piccadilly Valley wine sub-region	Australia
country	Taleh Jerd (Persian: تله جرد‎, also Romanized as Taleh Jerd; also known as Tahleh Cherd, Talaird, Talegerd, Taleh Gerd, and Tehla Sard) is a village in Golabar Rural District, in the Central District of Ijrud County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Taleh Jerd	Iran
country	Helsfyr-Sinsen was a borough of the city of Oslo, Norway up to January 1, 2004, when it was split and merged into Alna and Gamle Oslo boroughs.	Helsfyr-Sinsen	Norway
country	Telstra Tower (also known as Black Mountain Tower and formerly called the Telecom Tower) is a telecommunications tower and lookout that is situated above the summit of Black Mountain in Australia's capital city of Canberra.	Black Mountain Tower	Australia
country	The Saser Muztagh is the easternmost subrange of the Karakoram range, in the Ladakh region of India.	Saser Muztagh	India
country	The Posidonia Shale is a Lower Jurassic geological formation of south-western Germany, including exceptionally well-preserved complete skeletons of fossil marine fish and reptiles.	Posidonia Shale	Germany
country	Casas de Don Pedro, meaning 'Lord Peter´s houses', is a municipality located in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain.	Casas de Don Pedro	Spain
country	The Nicoya Peninsula (Spanish: Península de Nicoya) is a peninsula on the Pacific coast of Costa Rica.	Nicoya Peninsula	Costa Rica
country	Mazraeh-ye Baleh La (Persian: مزرعه بله لا‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Baleh Lā; also known as Baleh Lā) is a village in Neyasar Rural District, Neyasar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 12 families.	Mazraeh-ye Baleh La	Iran
country	The Brest Arsenal (French - arsenal de Brest) is a collection of naval and military buildings located on the banks of the river Penfeld, in Brest, France.	Brest Arsenal	France
country	Mariscal Lamar International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional Mariscal Lamar) (IATA: CUE, ICAO: SECU) is an airport serving Cuenca, a city in the province of Azuay in Ecuador.	Mariscal Lamar International Airport	Ecuador
country	The Whirinaki Power Station is an open cycle gas turbine power station at Whirinaki, Hawke's Bay in New Zealand.	Whirinaki Power Station	New Zealand
country	From a political viewpoint, the Rhine knee is near the tripoint of France, Germany and Switzerland.	Rhine knee	Switzerland
country	Kharkhiraa (Mongolian: Хархираа, common crane) is a mountain of the Altai Mountains and is located in the Uvs Province in Mongolia.	Kharkhiraa	Mongolia
country	Sillim or Sillim-dong is a statutory division of Gwanak District, Seoul, South Korea.	Sillim-dong	South Korea
country	Rogaland County Municipality (Norwegian: Rogaland fylkeskommune) is the governing administration of Rogaland county, Norway.	Rogaland County Municipality	Norway
country	The Société des gens de lettres de France (SGDLF) (English: Society of Men of Letters of France) is a writers' association founded in 1838 by the notable French authors Honoré de Balzac, Victor Hugo, Alexandre Dumas, and George Sand.	Société des gens de lettres	France
country	Ibón de Truchas is a lake at the winter resort of Astún in the Province of Huesca, northeastern Spain.	Ibón de Truchas	Spain
country	Cellier des Dauphins is a union of Côtes du Rhône winemakers in France.	Cellier des Dauphins	France
country	Mirza Hasanlu (Persian: ميرزاحسن لو‎, also Romanized as Mīrzā Ḩasanlū) is a village in Aladagh Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mirza Hasanlu	Iran
country	Makarora is a small community within the Queenstown-Lakes District of the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand.	Makarora	New Zealand
country	Malangen Church (Norwegian: Malangen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Balsfjord in Troms county, Norway.	Malangen Church	Norway
country	Tunnsjø Chapel (Norwegian: Tunnsjø kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Tunnsjø Chapel	Norway
country	Mitzpe Netofa (Hebrew: מִצְפֵּה נְטוֹפָה) is a religious communal settlement in the Lower Galilee Regional Council, Israel.	Mitzpe Netofa	Israel
country	De Baarsjes was from 1990 to 2010 a stadsdeel (borough) of Amsterdam, Netherlands.	De Baarsjes	Netherlands
country	Verkhnevilyuysk Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Верхневилюйск) (IATA: VHV, ICAO: UENI) is an airport serving the urban locality of Verkhnevilyuysk, Verkhnevilyuysky District, in the Sakha Republic of Russia.	Verkhnevilyuysk Airport	Russia
country	The Constanța Casino (Romanian: Cazinoul din Constanța) is a casino in Constanța, Romania, located at 2 Elisabeta Boulevard along the Black Sea.	Constanța Casino	Romania
country	Brudzów (ˈbrud͡zuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Brudzów	Poland
country	Stara Wiśniewka (ˈstara viɕˈɲefka) (German: Lugetal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Stara Wiśniewka	Poland
country	Monga National Park is located 230 km south west of Sydney, Australia.	Monga National Park	Australia
country	PFC Cherno More Varna (Bulgarian: ПФК Черно Море Варна), or simply Cherno More (Bulgarian: ФК Черно Море) is a Bulgarian professional football club from the city of Varna, currently playing in Bulgaria's top football league, the A Group.	PFC Cherno More Varna	Bulgaria
country	Pontedera Airfield is an abandoned military airfield in Italy, located within the town of Pontedera, in Tuscany in the administrative province of Pisa.	Pontedera Airfield	Italy
country	Ta'ashur (Hebrew: תְּאַשּׁוּר, lit. Larch) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Ta'ashur	Israel
country	The Château de Chantilly (pronounced: (ʃɑ.to də ʃɑ̃.ti.ji)) is a historic château located in the town of Chantilly, France.	Château de Chantilly	France
country	Sočerga (pronounced (sɔˈtʃɛːɾɡa)) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Sočerga	Slovenia
country	The Keimola Motor Stadium was a dedicated race track located in Vantaa, Finland.	Keimola Motor Stadium	Finland
country	Ahoada East (also spelt Ehuda East) is a Local Government Area of Rivers State, Nigeria, located northwest of Port Harcourt.	Ahoada East	Nigeria
country	Láhpoluoppal Chapel (Norwegian: Láhpoluoppal kapell) is a chapel in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Láhpoluoppal Chapel	Norway
country	Železná Breznica (Hungarian: Vaségető or until 1899 Vasberzence): is a village and municipality of the Zvolen District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Železná Breznica	Slovakia
country	Ələtli is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ələtli	Azerbaijan
country	Moseøya Bird Sanctuary (Norwegian: Moseøya fuglereservat) is a bird reserve at Svalbard, Norway, established in 1973.	Moseøya Bird Sanctuary	Norway
country	Mishmarot (Hebrew: מִשְׁמָרוֹת) is a kibbutz in northern Israel near the town of Pardes Hanna-Karkur.	Mishmarot	Israel
country	PKP Cargo (WSE: PKP) is a logistics operator and a part of the PKP Group in Poland.	PKP Cargo	Poland
country	Punakha (Tibetan alphabet: སྤུ་ན་ཁ་) is the administrative centre of Punakha dzongkhag, one of the 20 districts of Bhutan.	Punakha	Bhutan
country	Schoonrewoerd is a small village in the western Netherlands.	Schoonrewoerd	Netherlands
country	Rashid Karami Stadium or International Olympic Stadium is a 25,000 capacity multi-use stadium in Tripoli, Lebanon.	Rashid Karami Stadium	Lebanon
country	Pulau Sudong is a 209-hectare coral island off the southern coast of Singapore, it was enlarged through a land reclamation process during the late 1970s.	Pulau Sudong	Singapore
country	Norddalsfjord Bridge (Norwegian: Norddalsfjordbrua) is a cantilever bridge that crosses the Norddalsfjorden in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Norddalsfjord Bridge	Norway
country	The National Education Institute of the Republic of Slovenia (Slovene: Zavod Republike Slovenije za Šolstvo, ZRSŠ) is the main public organisation in Slovenia that encourages development in education in Slovenia up to pre-university -- covering all kindergartens, elementary schools, secondary schools, music schools, and boarding schools.	National Education Institute	Slovenia
country	Biratnagar Eye Hospital (or BEH) is an Eastern Regional Eye Care Programme (EREC-P) hospital located in Biratnagar, Nepal.	Biratnagar Eye Hospital	Nepal
country	The community of Hant's Harbour (48°00′55``N 53°15′45''W NST) is an incorporated town having a population of 346 (2011 Census) located on the east side of Trinity Bay on the Bay de Verde Peninsula, Newfoundland, Canada.	Hant's Harbour	Canada
country	Huancané (Aymara: Wanqani listen wanqa a big stone, -ni a suffix, ``the one with a big stone (or big stones)'') is the capital of the province of Huancané in Peru.	Huancané	Peru
country	Lobuya (Russian: Лобуя; Sakha: Лобуйа) is a rural locality (a selo), and one of two settlements in the Town of Srednekolymsk of Srednekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, in addition to Srednekolymsk, the administrative center of the district.	Lobuya	Russia
country	Rimbey-Rocky Mountain House-Sundre is a provincial electoral district in central Alberta, Canada.	Rimbey-Rocky Mountain House-Sundre	Canada
country	Pyszków (ˈpɨʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pyszków	Poland
country	Bonnet Island is a low island with an area of 2.21 ha in south-eastern Australia.	Bonnet Island	Australia
country	Le Séchey is a part of Le Lieu, a municipality in the La Vallée district in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.	Le Séchey	Switzerland
country	Obedska bara (Obedska pond or Obedska bog, Serbian Cyrillic: Обедска бара, pronounced (ɔ̂bɛdskaː bâra)) is a large swamp-forest area and natural reserve stretching along the Sava River in Southern Syrmia (Serbia), some 40 km west of Belgrade.	Obedska bara	Serbia
country	Bangladesh International School, English Section, Riyadh (BISES, Riyadh) is a private school located in the Olaya district of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.	Bangladesh International School, English Section, Riyadh	Saudi Arabia
country	Herramélluri (Basque for 'Herramel's villa') is a village in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.	Herramélluri	Spain
country	Narodychi (Ukrainian: Народичі) is an urban-type settlement in Narodychi Raion, Zhytomyr Oblast, northern Ukraine.	Narodychi	Ukraine
country	Sindal station is a railway station serving the railway town of Sindal, Denmark.	Sindal station	Denmark
country	Lango sub-region is a region in Uganda that consists of:	Lango sub-region	Uganda
country	Tosny is a commune in the Eure department in Haute-Normandie in northern France, some ten miles south of Rouen.	Tosny	France
country	The San Marcos Province is one of the thirteen provinces in the Cajamarca Region of Peru.	San Marcos Province	Peru
country	Mantesh (Persian: منتش‎‎, also Romanized as Mantash) is a village in Lak Rural District, Serishabad District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Mantesh	Iran
country	Sayn-Homburg (not to be confused with the later state of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Homburg) was a mediaeval county of Germany with its seat at Homburg Castle.	Sayn-Homburg	Germany
country	Kjerringberget is a hill located in the Lade area in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Kjerringberget	Norway
country	Poruvazhy Peruviruthy Malanada Temple is a temple dedicated to Duryodhana, is located in Poruvazhy Village of Kunnathur Tehsil in the Kollam district of Kerala, India.	Peruviruthy	India
country	Taitung City (Chinese: 台東市 or 臺東市), is a county-controlled city and the county seat of Taitung County, Taiwan.	Taitung City	Taiwan
country	The Tombs of Via Latina (Italian: Tombe di Via Latina) are Roman tombs, mainly from the 2nd century AD, that are found along a short stretch of the old Roman road of Via Latina, close to Rome, Italy.	Tombs of Via Latina	Italy
country	Kalgah-e Pahn (Persian: كلگه پهن‎, also Romanized as Kalgah-e Pahn) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kalgah-e Pahn	Iran
country	Carlsten (Swedish: Karlstens fästning) is a stone fortress located at Marstrand, on the western coast of Sweden.	Carlsten	Sweden
country	The U15 Group of Canadian Research Universities (commonly shortened to U15) (French: U15 Regroupement des universités de recherche du Canada) is an association of 15 Canadian public research universities.	U15 Group of Canadian Research Universities	Canada
country	Wiączemin Polski (vjɔnˈt͡ʂɛmin ˈpɔlski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wiączemin Polski	Poland
country	Melchor Island (Spanish Isla Melchor also known as Meleguen in the NGA) is an island in the Chonos Archipelago of Chile.	Melchor Island	Chile
country	Hebri is at the foot of the Western Ghats of India in Karnataka state.	Hebri	India
country	Iglesia de la Santa Cruz (Inguanzo) is a Roman Catholic church in Asturias, Spain.	Iglesia de la Santa Cruz (Inguanzo)	Spain
country	The Squiala First Nation or Squiala Indian Band is a band government of the Sto:lo people located in the Upper Fraser Valley region, near Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada.	Squiala First Nation	Canada
country	Seddonville is a lightly populated locality on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island.	Seddonville	New Zealand
country	Old Fort Providence, located near the mouth of Yellowknife Bay, Northwest Territories, Canada, was one of the first fur trading outposts on Great Slave Lake.	Old Fort Providence	Canada
country	Albury Library Museum is a combined library and museum in Albury, New South Wales, Australia.	Albury Library Museum	Australia
country	Veteran Isles (French: Ile du Veteran; also known as the Veteran Islands) is a pair of islands in South Australia which is part of the Pearson Isles which itself is part of the larger island group known as the Investigator Group.	Veteran Isles	Australia
country	``Hymne Monégasque'' (in English: Monégasque Anthem) is Monaco's national anthem.	Hymne Monégasque	Monaco
country	Ak zhelken is a city in Borovoe, Kazakhstan situated near the Caspian Sea.	Ak zhelken	Kazakhstan
country	Chateau de Pitray (built in the 17th century) is in the village of Saint-Seurin-de-Prats, Aquitane, France, overlooking the Dordogne river.	Chateau de Pitray	France
country	Yangi-Bazar (Russian: Джаны-Базар) is a village in Jalal-Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Yangi-Bazar	Kyrgyzstan
country	Kaseb (Persian: كاسب‎, also Romanized as Kāseb) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District, Anzal District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kaseb	Iran
country	Hajduki Nyskie (xai̯ˈduki ˈnɨskʲɛ) (German: Heidau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Hajduki Nyskie	Poland
country	The Small and Medium Business Administration (Hangul: 새만금개발청; hanja: 새萬金開發廳, KASDI) is one of an organizations in South Korea and is run under the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport.	Small and Medium Business Administration	South Korea
country	Kyaukpyu District (Burmese: ကျောက်ဖြူခရိုင်) is a district of the Rakhine State in western Myanmar.	Kyaukpyu District	Myanmar
country	The Parti républicain du Québec (PRQ, n English: Quebec Republican Party) was a political party that advocated the independence of Quebec from Canada.	Parti républicain du Québec	Canada
country	Ka Rostam (Persian: كارستم‎‎, also Romanized as Kā Rostam; also known as Kāh Rustam) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Ka Rostam	Iran
country	The Parque del Oeste (in English: Western Park) is a park of the city of Madrid (Spain) situated between the Autovía A-6, the Ciudad Universitaria de Madrid and the district of Moncloa.	Parque del Oeste	Spain
country	Danum Valley Conservation Area is a 438 square kilometres tract of relatively undisturbed lowland dipterocarp forest in Sabah, Malaysia.	Danum Valley Conservation Area	Malaysia
country	Smilne (Ukrainian: Смільне) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Smilne	Ukraine
country	The Château de Leynes is an old fortified castle and priory in the commune of Leynes in the Saône-et-Loire département of France.	Château de Leynes	France
country	Butuan Bay is a bay and extension of the Bohol Sea in the northeast section of Mindanao in the Philippines.	Butuan Bay	Philippines
country	Parsenn is a renowned ski area near Davos, Switzerland, offering 35 ski runs.	Parsenn	Switzerland
country	Varagavan (Armenian: Վարագավան) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.	Varagavan	Armenia
country	Centre intercommunal de glace de Malley (abbreviation CIG de Malley or CIGM) is an indoor arena located in Lausanne, Switzerland.	CIG de Malley	Switzerland
country	In 1939, Kedleston Hall was offered by Richard Curzon, 2nd Viscount Scarsdale for use by the War Department (United Kingdom).	Kedleston Hall	United Kingdom
country	Montjaux (in Occitan Mont Jòus from the Latin Mons Jovis (Mount Jupiter)) is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.	Montjaux	France
country	Matli is a town of Matli Taluka in Badin District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Matli	Pakistan
country	Ploče (pronounced (plɔ̂tʃɛ); Italian: Porto Tolero) is a town and a notable seaport in the Dubrovnik-Neretva County of Croatia.	Ploče	Croatia
country	Laikipia Air Base (IATA: n/a, ICAO: n/a) is a Kenya Air Force base located approximately 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) west-northwest of Nanyuki, Kenya.	Laikipia Air Base	Kenya
country	Sandilipay is a town located 10 km from the City of Jaffna, Sri Lanka.	Sandilipay	Sri Lanka
country	Ashchibulak (Kazakh: Ащыбұлақ) is a village in Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan.	Ashchibulak	Kazakhstan
country	Kruševac (Serbian Cyrillic: Крушевац (krûʃeʋat͡s)) is a city and the administrative center of the Rasina District, in Serbia.	Kruševac	Serbia
country	Chiengi District with headquarters at Chiengi is the smallest and most northerly district in the Luapula Province of Zambia and was carved out of Nchelenge District after Zambia's independence.	Chiengi District	Zambia
country	Bolagen (Southern Sami: Båålege) is a lake in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Bolagen	Norway
country	Nadym (Russian: Нады́м) is a town in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located on the Nadym River.	Nadym	Russia
country	Krzeszna (ˈkʂɛʂna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krzeszna	Poland
country	Wied-Dierdorf was a County of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, located on the Wied River.	Wied-Dierdorf	Germany
country	The Mount Lofty Ranges are the range of mountains just to the east of Adelaide in South Australia.	Mount Lofty Ranges	Australia
country	Cahir Castle (Irish: Caisleán na Cathrach), one of the largest castles in Ireland, is sited on an island in the river Suir.	Cahir Castle	Ireland
country	Aba Mansuri (Persian: ابامنصوري‎, also Romanized as Abā Manşūrī) is a village in Masabi Rural District, in the Central District of Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Aba Mansuri	Iran
country	Operation Testament is the Australian Defence Force (ADF) contribution to World Youth Day 2008 (WYD08), a Catholic youth festival attended by Pope Benedict XVI held from 15 to 20 July 2008 in Sydney, Australia.	Operation Testament	Australia
country	Jube (Albanian: Jubë) is a village in the Durrës County, western Albania.	Jube	Albania
country	Zanja Pytá (guarani for Red Trench) is a city and district in Paraguay, located in the Amambay Department.	Zanja Pytá	Paraguay
country	Delthota is a small, people friendly town in Kandy District, Sri Lanka.	Delthota	Sri Lanka
country	Kikorze (kiˈkɔʐɛ) (German: Kicker) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osina, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kikorze	Poland
country	Adolf Fredrik Church (Swedish: Adolf Fredriks kyrka) is a church in central Stockholm, Sweden, named after Adolf Frederick.	Adolf Fredrik Church	Sweden
country	Boryszyn (bɔˈrɨʂɨn) (German: Burschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Boryszyn	Poland
country	Kowtar (Persian: کوتر‎) is a village located in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kowtar	Iran
country	The Planetarium of Bogotá is a cultural center and planetarium located in the International Center of Bogota, Colombia, within Independence Park.	Planetarium of Bogotá	Colombia
country	Les Francofolies de Spa is an annual music festival in Spa, Belgium.	Les Francofolies de Spa	Belgium
country	Cheonggu High School is a high school school in Daegu, South Korea.	Cheonggu High School	South Korea
country	Auvelais is a small town in the province of Namur in Belgium.	Auvelais	Belgium
country	Degole parish (Latvian: Degoles pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Tukums District, Latvia.	Degole parish	Latvia
country	Kaltental is a district of Stuttgart in Swabia in Germany.	Kaltental	Germany
country	Gullaug is an unincorporated village at Lier municipality in Buskerud, Norway.	Gullaug	Norway
country	Sky Office Tower is a dual business tower, elliptically shaped, located in Zagreb, Croatia, north of the Zagrebačka Avenue, near the intersection with Zagrebačka cesta.	Sky Office Tower	Croatia
country	Šternberk (Czech pronunciation: (ˈʃtɛrnbɛrk); German: (Mährisch-)Sternberg) is a town in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.	Šternberk	Czech Republic
country	Gelnica (Hungarian: Gölnicbánya, German: Göllnitz) is a town in the Košice Region of Slovakia.	Gelnica	Slovakia
country	Santa Inés Island (Spanish: Isla Santa Inés) is an island in southern Chile, part of the Tierra del Fuego archipelago and of Punta Arenas municipality, lying south west of the Brunswick Peninsula, from which is separated by the Strait of Magellan and minor islands.	Santa Inés Island	Chile
country	Yong-in Songdam College is a private technical college in Yongin City, Gyeonggi province, South Korea.	Yong-in Songdam College	South Korea
country	The Danish Ministry of Transport (Danish: Transportministeriet) in the Danish ministry in charge of coordinating and realizing the transport politics of Denmark.	Danish Ministry of Transport	Denmark
country	The San Bernardino Strait (Filipino:Kipot ng San Bernardino) is a strait in the Philippines, connecting the Samar Sea with the Philippine Sea.	San Bernardino Strait	Philippines
country	Mavrata (Greek: Μαυράτα) is a village in the municipal unit of Eleios-Pronnoi, in the southeastern part of the island of Cephalonia, Greece.	Mavrata	Greece
country	Srirampura railway station (Urdu: سری رام پور ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Srirampura village, Sheikhupura district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Srirampura railway station	Pakistan
country	Gubin Do (Serbian Cyrillic: Губин До) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia.	Gubin Do	Serbia
country	The Marinid Walls of Algeciras (Spanish: Parque Arqueológico de las Murallas Meriníes de Algeciras) are walls located in Algeciras, Spain.	Marinid Walls of Algeciras	Spain
country	Dambatta (or Dambarta) is a Local Government Area in Kano State, Nigeria.	Dambatta	Nigeria
country	The Cheere Islands are an island group located in Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island, west of the Kent Peninsula, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Cheere Islands	Canada
country	Jumkil Church (Swedish: Jumkils kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church near Uppsala in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County, Sweden.	Jumkil Church	Sweden
country	Byrnestown is a rural locality in the North Burnett Region of Queensland, Australia.	Byrnestown	Australia
country	Świecino (ɕfjɛˈt͡ɕinɔ) (Kashubian: Swiecëno, German: Schwetzin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Świecino	Poland
country	Te Taho is a small farming community of eleven houses in the West Coast region of the South Island of New Zealand between the north bank of the Whataroa River and Mt Hercules.	Te Taho	New Zealand
country	Khüiten Peak (Mongolian: Хүйтэн оргил, lit. ``cold peak'') is the highest point in Mongolia, on the west side of the country along the border with China.	Khüiten Peak	Mongolia
country	Irbit (Russian: Ирби́т) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located 203 kilometers (126 mi) from Yekaterinburg by train or 250 kilometers (160 mi) by car, on the right bank of the Nitsa River.	Irbit	Russia
country	The Château du Petit-Geroldseck is a ruined castle situated in the commune of Haegen in the département of Bas-Rhin in Alsace, France.	Château du Petit-Geroldseck	France
country	Sons of Otis are a stoner rock/doom band from Toronto, Canada.	Sons of Otis	Canada
country	Cisternino is a comune in the province of Brindisi in Apulia, on the coast of south-eastern Italy, approximately 50 kilometres (31 mi) north-west of the city of Brindisi.	Cisternino	Italy
country	Valencia's Aquarium (officially Acuario de Valencia, Fundación Seijas) is a recreational park located in Valencia, Venezuela.	Valencia's Aquarium	Venezuela
country	Suwałki Landscape Park (Suwalski Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in north-eastern Poland, established in 1976, covering an area of 62.84 square kilometres (24.26 sq mi).	Suwałki Landscape Park	Poland
country	Yanuh-Jat (Arabic: يانوح-جت‎, יָנוּחַ-גַ'תּ) is a local council in the North District of Israel, northeast of Acre, consisting of the villages of Yanuh and Jat, which merged in 1990.	Yanuh-Jat	Israel
country	Varaha Cave Temple (also Adivaraha Cave Temple) is a rock-cut cave temple located at Mamallapuram, on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal in Kancheepuram District in Tamil Nadu, India.	Varaha Cave Temple	India
country	Loc-Dieu Abbey is a Cistercian abbey located near Martiel, 9 km west from Villefranche-de-Rouergue, in the department of Aveyron in France.	Loc-Dieu Abbey	France
country	Gaupne Church (Norwegian: Gaupne kyrkje) is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Gaupne Church	Norway
country	Lunenburg West is a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elects one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.	Lunenburg West	Canada
country	Jandari Lake (Georgian: ჯანდარის ტბა, Azerbaijani: Candargöl) is a lake on Georgia-Azerbaijan border, it is located in south-east Georgia and north-west Azerbaijan.	Jandari Lake	Georgia	Azerbaijan
country	Dulovo Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Дулово) is a municipality (obshtina) in Silistra Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in the Danubian Plain, in the area of the South Dobrudzha geographical region, about 25 km south of Danube river.	Dulovo Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Manipulon is a small island-barangay in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.	Manipulon	Philippines
country	The Woden Cemetery is the main cemetery in Canberra, the capital of Australia.	Woden Cemetery	Australia
country	El Cerrato is a natural comarca in Spain comprising locations in the provinces of Palencia, Burgos and Valladolid, although the largest part lies within Palencia.	El Cerrato	Spain
country	La Tercena is a municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina, located within the Greater San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca area.	La Tercena	Argentina
country	The Lahti longwave transmitter was a facility for longwave transmission at Lahti, Finland.	Lahti longwave transmitter	Finland
country	Qelëz is a village and a former municipality in the Shkodër County, northern Albania.	Qelëz	Albania
country	Shuva (Hebrew: שׁוּבָה) is a religious moshav in southern Israel.	Shuva	Israel
country	The Marikina Polytechnic College is a state college in the city of Marikina, Philippines.	Marikina Polytechnic College	Philippines
country	Sandymount railway station (Irish: Stáisiún Dhumhach Thrá) serves Sandymount and Ballsbridge (including RDS Simmonscourt) in Dublin, Ireland.	Sandymount railway station	Ireland
country	Culleenamore strand is located on the south side of the half-promontory of Strandhill, at the mouth of Ballysadare Bay, Co Sligo, Ireland.	Culleenamore	Ireland
country	Ernestown Secondary School or ESS is a Canadian public, comprehensive school located in Odessa, Ontario, Canada.	Ernestown Secondary School	Canada
country	The Premio Internacional de Poesía Ciudad de Melilla is one of Spain's top literary awards, given every year to an unpublished poetry collection by a Spanish-speaking author.	Premio Internacional de Poesía Ciudad de Melilla	Spain
country	The Simanjiro Conservation Easement is a novel payment for ecosystem services scheme in the Simanjiro Plains of Tanzania, an important wet-season grazing area between Tarangire National Park and Mount Kilimanjaro.	Simanjiro Conservation Easement	Tanzania
country	The Port of Dar es Salaam is the principal port serving Tanzania.	Port of Dar es Salaam	Tanzania
country	Calcurrupe River (Spanish: Río Calcurrupe) is a river in Ranco Province, southern Chile.	Calcurrupe River	Chile
country	Lamdar (Persian: لمدر‎‎) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Lamdar	Iran
country	Marienlystcentret is a sports centre in the neighbourhood of Marienlund, Odense, Denmark.	Marienlystcentret	Denmark
country	Błędów Desert (Polish: Pustynia Błędowska) is an area of sands between Błędów (part of Dąbrowa Górnicza in Upper Silesian Metropolitan Union) and the villages of Chechło and Klucze in Poland.	Błędów Desert	Poland
country	Kominite (Bulgarian: Комините, meaning ``The Chimneys'') is the name of several minor andesite peaks in the Vitosha Mountains near Sofia, Bulgaria.	Kominite	Bulgaria
country	Meru Betiri National Park is a national park in the province of East Java, Indonesia, extending over an area of 580 km2 of which a small part is marine (8.45 km2).	Meru Betiri National Park	Indonesia
country	Santo Domingo Tonaltepec is a town and municipality in Oaxaca, located in south-western Mexico.	Santo Domingo Tonaltepec	Mexico
country	Riđica (Serbian Cyrillic: Риђица) is a village in Serbia.	Riđica	Serbia
country	Lake Ry de Rome is an artificial lake near the city of Couvin in Belgium near the border of France.	Lake Ry de Rome	Belgium
country	Vestfold Privatbaner was a private railway company which operated two railways in Vestfold, Norway, the Holmestrand--	Vestfold Privatbaner	Norway
country	The Gymnasium Eppendorf is a grammar school in Hamburg, Germany, established in 1904.	Gymnasium Eppendorf	Germany
country	Dungna Gewog (Dzongkha: གདུང་ན་) is a gewog (village block) of Chukha District, Bhutan.	Dungna Gewog	Bhutan
country	Piazza di Spagna, at the bottom of the Spanish Steps, is one of the most famous squares in Rome (Italy).	Piazza di Spagna	Italy
country	The Montreal Gazette, formerly titled The Gazette, is the only English-language daily newspaper published in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, after three other daily English newspapers shut down at various times during the second half of the 20th century.	Montreal Gazette	Canada
country	The IC4 is an inter-city train built by the Italian train manufacturer AnsaldoBreda for the trans-Great Belt routes of Danske Statsbaner (DSB), Denmark's national railway operator.	IC4	Denmark
country	Corps de Garde (translation: guardhouse) is a 720-metre-high mountain of volcanic origin, in the area of the Moka Range between the Mont du Rempart (545 m) and the Le Pouce Mountain (812 m) in the Plaines Wilhems district of Mauritius.	Corps de Garde	Mauritius
country	Gmina Pilawa is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gmina Pilawa	Poland
country	Ciglence (pronounced (tsiˈɡleːntsɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Duplek in northeastern Slovenia.	Ciglence	Slovenia
country	Awaba Airport (IATA: AWB, ICAO: AYAW) is an airfield serving Awaba, in the Western Province of Papua New Guinea.	Awaba Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	Starye Atagi (Russian: Ста́рые Атаги́; Chechen: Йоккха-Атагӏа/Сехьа-Атагӏа) is a rural locality (a selo) in Groznensky District of the Chechen Republic, Russia, located 10 kilometers (6.2 mi) south of Grozny, the republic's capital.	Starye Atagi	Russia
country	Orinoco Department was one of the departments of Gran Colombia created in 1824.	Orinoco Department	Gran Colombia
country	With a total area of 12.8 square kilometres (4.9 sq mi), Monte Isola ranks as the largest lake island not only in Italy, but also in South and Central Europe.	Monte Isola	Italy
country	Cineworld Dublin is the biggest cinema in Ireland, with 4 floors and 17 screens.	Cineworld Dublin	Ireland
country	Sydhavsøerne (lit. ``The South Sea Islands''), sometimes also referred to simply as Lolland-Falster from the two largest islands, is an informal but common term used in Danish to refer to the archipelago just south of Zealand, Denmark's largest island where its capital Copenhagen is located.	Sydhavsøerne	Denmark
country	Do Rudi (Persian: دورودي‎, also Romanized as Do Rūdī; also known as Darrūdī) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Do Rudi	Iran
country	Lesnovo monastery, officially called Monastery of St Archangel Michael and St Hermit Gabriel of Lesnovo (Macedonian Cyrilic: Свети Архангел Михаил и пустиножителот Гаврил Лесновски), is one of the most important medieval monuments of Macedonia.	Lesnovo monastery	Macedonia
country	The Don Honorio Ventura Technological State University (Filipino: Pampamahalaang Pamantasang Teknolohikong Don Honorio Ventura) formerly known as Don Honorio Ventura College of Arts and Trades is a State University in the Philippines.	Don Honorio Ventura Technological State University	Philippines
country	The PSA Rennes Plant is one of the principal car plants in France, producing approximately 340,000 cars in 2005.	PSA Rennes Plant	France
country	The Wehrgeschichtliches Museum Rastatt or WGM is a military historical museum in Germany.	Wehrgeschichtliches Museum Rastatt	Germany
country	Lissycasey (Irish: Lios Uí Chathasaigh, meaning ``ringfort of the Caseys'') is a village in County Clare, Ireland.	Lissycasey	Ireland
country	Smosarz-Dobki (ˈsmɔsaʂ ˈdɔpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Smosarz-Dobki	Poland
country	Prestranek (pronounced (pɾɛˈstɾaːnək); Italian: Prestrane) is a settlement south of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Prestranek	Slovenia
country	Lesnoye Sanatorium (Russian: санаторий Лесное) is the oldest medical institution in the city of Tolyatti, Russia.	Lesnoye Sanatorium	Russia
country	Košrags (Livonian: Kuoštrõg) is a populated place in Kolka parish, Dundaga municipality, Latvia on the shore of the Irbe Strait of the Baltic Sea.	Košrags	Latvia
country	The Hindpool Retail Parks are a set of four conjoined retail parks in the Hindpool area of Barrow-in-Furness, England, United Kingdom (with the exception of one which straddles the border with Central Barrow).	Hindpool Retail Parks	United Kingdom
country	Lankaran State University, also spelled as Lenkaran State University (LSU, Azerbaijani: Lənkəran Dövlət Universiteti) is a public university located in Lankaran, Azerbaijan.	Lankaran State University	Azerbaijan
country	Comalapa River (Rio Comalapa) is a medium sized stream in La Paz, El Salvador, which has large to very large quantities of fresh water year round, especially from early May through October.	Comalapa River	El Salvador
country	Tvrdalj Castle (Croatian: Gradina Tvrdalj) is a castle in Stari Grad, on the island of Hvar, Croatia.	Tvrdalj Castle	Croatia
country	Jirisan National Park (Korean: 지리산국립공원, 智異山國立公園) is a national park in South Korea, located on the boundaries of Jeollanam-do, Jeollabuk-do, and Gyeongsangnam-do.	Jirisan National Park	South Korea
country	Globoka (pronounced (ɡlɔˈboːka) or (ɡlɔˈbɔːka)) is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Ščavnica River in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia, adjacent to the border with Croatia.	Globoka	Slovenia
country	Gjesvær (Northern Sami: Geaissvearra) is an old fishing village in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Gjesvær	Norway
country	Pago Park Soccer Stadium is an soccer stadium in Pago Pago, American Samoa.	Pago Park Soccer Stadium	American Samoa
country	Binalood wind farm is a wind farm situated in Razavi Khorasan Province of Iran near the city of Nishapur.	Binalood wind farm	Iran
country	Pluma de Pato (Spanish for ``Feather''' Latin: plūma ``feather'' and Andalusian Arabic: páṭṭ for ``duck'') is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.	Pluma de Pato	Argentina
country	Assumption Iloilo (also known as AC or the Assumption Convent) is a Catholic and a College Preparatory School in General Luna St., Iloilo City, Philippines.	Assumption Iloilo	Philippines
country	The Bologna-Raticosa Hill Climb, one of the most challenging hill climbs in Italy and Europe, is the longest-running uphill automobile race in the world.	Bologna-Raticosa Hill Climb	Italy
country	Balzan (Maltese: Ħal Balzan) is small town in the Central Region of Malta, one of the so-called three villages, together with Attard and Lija.	Balzan	Malta
country	Vaippar is a village panchyat in Tuticorin district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Vaippar	India
country	Drzetowo is located in Poland, an historical municipal neighbourhood of the City of Szczecin.	Drzetowo	Poland
country	Nesvizh (Lithuanian: Nesvyžius; Belarusian: Нясві́ж (nʲaˈsʲvʲiʐ); Russian: Не́свиж; Polish: Nieśwież; Yiddish: ניעסוויז‎; Latin: Nesvisium) is a city in Belarus.	Nesvizh	Belarus
country	York Street Public School is an elementary school JK-8 in the Lower Town neighbourhood of Ottawa, Canada.	York Street Public School	Canada
country	Ələt (also, Älät, Aliat, Aljat, Aliaty, Alyat, Alyat-Pristan'', Alyati-Pristan'', Alyaty, and Alyaty-Pristan'') is a settlement and municipality in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Ələt	Azerbaijan
country	The Shire of Highfields is a former local government area on the Darling Downs in Queensland, Australia.	Shire of Highfields	Australia
country	Go Ahead Eagles will compete in Europe in the 2015--16 UEFA Europa League due to the Netherlands' first place in UEFA Respect Fair Play ranking.	Go Ahead Eagles	Netherlands
country	Mirande (French: (mi.ʁɑ̃d)) is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.	Mirande	France
country	Kütahya Air Base (Turkish: Kütahya Hava Üssü) (ICAO: LTBN) is a military airport of the Turkish Air Force located in Kütahya, Turkey.	Kütahya Air Base	Turkey
country	MS Fæmund II is a historic passenger ferry that each summer travels between Sørvika (south of Røros) and Elgå (in Engerdal) on Norway's third largest lake, Femunden.	MS Fæmund II	Norway
country	Mashhad County (Persian: شهرستان مشهد‎) is a county (shahrestān) in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran.	Mashhad County	Iran
country	Smithborough railway station was on the Ulster Railway in the Republic of Ireland.	Smithborough railway station	Ireland
country	Sojas Rud District (Persian: بخش سجاس‌رود‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Sojas Rud District	Iran
country	Permas Jaya Bridge or Jambatan Permas Jaya (Jawi: جمبتن ڤرمس جاي) is a river bridge in Arch shape near Johor Bahru in Malaysia.	Permas Jaya Bridge	Malaysia
country	Daeseong-dong (also called Tae Sung Dong) is a town in South Korea close to the North Korean border.	Daeseong-dong	South Korea
country	The Vinschgau (Italian: Val Venosta, German: Vinschgau, Romansh: Vnuost, Ladin: Val Venuesta, medieval: Finsgowe) or Vinschgau Valley is the upper part of the Etsch or Adige river valley, in the western part of the province of South Tyrol, Italy.	Vinschgau	Italy
country	Peyghan (Persian: پيغان‎, also Romanized as Peyghān and Pighan; also known as Peygam and Peyghān Chāy) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Peyghan	Iran
country	Corsica Nazione (Corsican Nation) is a Corsican nationalist party which aims to gain control over Corsica from France, regain national rights, and promote the Corsican national identity.	Corsica Nazione	France
country	Wadi al-Nasara (Arabic: وادي النصارى‎ / ALA-LC: Wādī an-Naṣārá, Greek: Κοιλάδα των Χριστιανών, Koiláda ton Christianón, which both mean ``Valley of Christians'') is an area in western Syria, close to the Lebanese border and administratively belonging to the governorate of Homs.	Wadi al-Nasara	Syria
country	Jeomchon is the urbanized center of Mungyeong city, in Gyeongsangbuk-do province, South Korea.	Jeomchon	South Korea
country	Hrib pri Kamniku (pronounced (ˈxɾiːp pɾi ˈkaːmniku)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Hrib pri Kamniku	Slovenia
country	Massingir District is a district of Gaza Province in southwestern Mozambique.	Massingir District	Mozambique
country	Starodub (Russian: Староду́б, lit. old oak) is a town in Bryansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Babinets River (the Dnieper basin), 169 kilometers (105 mi) southwest of Bryansk.	Starodub	Russia
country	Røros Church (Norwegian: Røros kirke, also known as Bergstadens Ziir) is a parish church in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Røros Church	Norway
country	Lumut Bypass, Federal Route 100, is a highway bypass in Manjung district, Perak, Malaysia.	Lumut Bypass	Malaysia
country	Igołomia (iɡɔˈwɔmja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Igołomia-Wawrzeńczyce, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Igołomia	Poland
country	Seramiasht F.C. is a football team from Afghanistan.	Seramiasht F.C.	Afghanistan
country	Dilbat (modern Tell ed-Duleim or Tell al-Deylam, Iraq) was an ancient Sumerian minor city located southeast from Babylon on the eastern bank of the Western Euphrates in modern day Al-Qādisiyyah, Iraq.	Dilbat	Iraq
country	Gow Langsford Gallery in Auckland, New Zealand, was established in 1987 by John Gow and Gary Langsford.	Gow Langsford Gallery	New Zealand
country	Shorwell (pronounced Shorel by some locals and Islanders) is a village and civil parish on the Isle of Wight, United Kingdom.	Shorwell	United Kingdom
country	Zubák (Hungarian: Trencsénfogas) is a village and municipality in Púchov District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Zubák	Slovakia
country	Tikitere, also known as ``Hell's Gate'', is Rotorua's most active geothermal area on State Highway 30, between Lake Rotorua and Lake Rotoiti in the Bay of Plenty, New Zealand.	Tikitere	New Zealand
country	Siar Kola (Persian: سياركلا‎, also Romanized as Sīār Kolā) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Siar Kola	Iran
country	Ranes Church (Norwegian: Ranes kyrkje) is a parish church in Surnadal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Ranes Church	Norway
country	Langa Langa Lagoon or Akwalaafu is a natural lagoon on the West coast of Malaita near the provincial capital Auki within the Solomon Islands.	Langa Langa Lagoon	Solomon Islands
country	Lindau Abbey (German: Reichsstift Lindau) was a house of secular canonesses in Lindau on the Bodensee in Bavaria, Germany, which stands on an island in the lake.	Lindau Abbey	Germany
country	Kaljegan (Persian: كل جگان‎, also Romanized as Kaljegān) is a village in Hudian Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kaljegan	Iran
country	Uppland Runic Inscription 181 or U 181 is the Rundata catalog number for a Viking Age memorial runestone located at Össeby-Garn, which is about one kilometer east of Karby, Uppsala County, Sweden.	Uppland Runic Inscription 181	Sweden
country	Toszek (ˈtɔʂɛk) (German: Tost) is a town in Poland, in Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, with 4,000 inhabitants.	Toszek	Poland
country	Milik (ˈmʲilʲik) (formerly Mikowa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Muszyna, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Milik	Poland
country	Chahdashi (Persian: چاه داشي‎, also Romanized as Chāhdāshī; also known as Chāh-e Dā’ī and Chāh-e Dāshī) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chahdashi	Iran
country	Union Monégasque is a centrist political party in the Principality of Monaco.	Union Monégasque	Monaco
country	Changiz Qaleh (Persian: چنگيزقلعه‎, also Romanized as Changīz Qal``eh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 123, in 35 families.	Changiz Qaleh	Iran
country	Wieluń (ˈvjɛluɲ) (German: Welun) is a city in central Poland with 24,347 inhabitants (2006).	Wieluń	Poland
country	Hoseynabad-e Madvar (Persian: حسين ابادمدوار‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Madvār; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Khursand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Madvar	Iran
country	Telus Mobility is a division of Telus which sells wireless services in Canada on its numerous networks.	Telus Mobility	Canada
country	The Hengdian East Railway Station (Chinese: 横店东站) is a railway station of Shiwu Passenger Railway that located in People's Republic of China.	Hengdian East Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Betung Kerihun National Park (previously Bentuang Karimun) is a national park in the province of West Kalimantan on the island of Borneo, Indonesia.	Betung Kerihun National Park	Indonesia
country	Latan Parat (Persian: لتن پرت‎) is a village in Lisar Rural District, Kargan Rud District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Latan Parat	Iran
country	Yekshaveh (Persian: يكشوه‎; also known as Yek Shabā) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yekshaveh	Iran
country	The North Island Main Trunk (NIMT) is the main railway line in the North Island of New Zealand, connecting capital city Wellington with the country's largest city, Auckland.	North Island Main Trunk	New Zealand
country	Fijaš (Rusyn: Фіяш, Hungarian: Fias) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.	Fijaš	Slovakia
country	Yecla de Yeltes is a large municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon.	Yecla de Yeltes	Spain
country	Ødegården Verk (English: Ødegården Mines, French: Les Mines d'Oedegaard), alternate names Ødegården Apatittgruver and Bamble Apatittgruver, was a series of primarily apatite shaft mines and quarries located in the Bamble municipality of Norway.	Ødegården Verk	Norway
country	The Gare de Wiencourt-l'Équipée (Wiencourt-l'Équipée station) is a former railway station located in the commune of Guillaucourt in the Somme department, France.	Gare de Wiencourt-l'Équipée	France
country	Mongol Daguur (Mongolian: Монгол дагуур, also referred to as Mongolian Dauria) is a steppe and wetland region in Mongolia listed as a UNESCO World Biosphere Reserve and Ramsar Site of International Importance.	Mongol Daguur	Mongolia
country	Cheshmeh-ye Papi (Persian: چشمه پاپي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Pāpī; also known as Cheshmeh-ye Pā’ī) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Papi	Iran
country	Oksu-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Seongdong-gu in Seoul, South Korea.	Oksu-dong	South Korea
country	The Franciscan Friary, Bolzano (German: Franziskanerkloster, Bozen; Italian: Convento dei Francescani, Bolzano) is a Franciscan friary in the city of Bolzano, in South Tyrol, northern Italy.	Franciscan Friary, Bolzano	Italy
country	Harataongais a surf beach located on the northeast coast of New Zealand's Great Barrier Island and is located approximately 51 NM northeast of Auckland.	Harataonga	New Zealand
country	Trofarello railway station (Italian: Stazione di Trofarello) serves the town and comune of Trofarello, in the Piedmont region, northwestern Italy.	Trofarello railway station	Italy
country	Kolesin (kɔˈlɛɕin) (German: Goltzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babimost, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Kolesin	Poland
country	Ivnica (Cyrillic: Ивница) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ivnica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	South-western Sydney is the metropolitan area in south-west Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	South-western Sydney	Australia
country	Mšeno (Czech pronunciation: (ˈm̩ʃɛno); German: Wemschen) is a small town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Mšeno	Czech Republic
country	The Seminarium Fredericianum or Bergen Daycare (Norwegian: Bergens barneasyl) is located at Asylplass 2 in Bergen's Bergenhus district and today it houses Norway's oldest preschool.	Seminarium Fredericianum	Norway
country	Bukhara (Uzbek: Buxoro; Tajik: Бухоро; Persian: بخارا‎‎; Russian: Бухара), is one of the cities (viloyat) of Uzbekistan.	Bukhara	Uzbekistan
country	Lake Enriquillo (Spanish: Lago Enriquillo) is a hypersaline lake in the Dominican Republic located in the southwestern region of the country.	Lake Enriquillo	Dominican Republic
country	Dubno (Ukrainian: Ду́бно) is a city located on the Ikva River in the Rivne Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Dubno	Ukraine
country	Paraxra (Aymara for a piece of land which is neither flat nor mountainous, hispanicized spellings Paraccra, Paracra) is an archaeological site in the Andes of Peru on a mountain of the same name.	Paraxra	Peru
country	Atabae is a city in the suco of Rairobo (subdistrict Atabae, Bobonaro District, East Timor).	Atabae	East Timor
country	The Deventer honey cake (Bussink Deventer Koek), produced in Deventer for over 500 years, is still manufactured locally and sold all over the Netherlands and beyond.	Deventer	Netherlands
country	Mala Subotica (Hungarian: Kisszabadka; Kajkavian: Murska Sobotica) is a village and municipality in Međimurje County, Croatia.	Mala Subotica	Croatia
country	Qasr Abu Hadi (Arabic: قصر ابو هادي‎ Qaṣr Abū Hādī) is a village with estimated 4,890 inhabitants in the Sirte District of Libya.	Qasr Abu Hadi	Libya
country	The Schwarzberg Glacier (German: Schwarzberggletscher) is a 3 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Schwarzberg Glacier	Switzerland
country	The Tamil Methodist Church (Malay: Gereja Tamil Methodist) is a church in Malacca City, Malacca, Malaysia.	Tamil Methodist Church	Malaysia
country	The Members' Lobby is a hallway in the Palace of Westminster used by members of the House of Commons, the lower house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.	Members' Lobby	United Kingdom
country	The University of Ljubljana (Slovene: Univerza v Ljubljani (uniʋɛ́ːrza w ljubljàːni), acronym: UL, Latin: Universitas Labacensis) is the oldest, largest, and internationally best ranked university in Slovenia, being among the first 500 or the first 3% of the world's best universities according to the ARWU.	University of Ljubljana	Slovenia
country	Okhna (Kyrgyz: Охна) is a village in Kadamjay District, in Batken Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Okhna	Kyrgyzstan
country	Nimreh (Arabic: نمرة‎, also called Namara) is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the al-Suwayda Governorate, located northeast of al-Suwayda.	Nimreh	Syria
country	Tel Katifa (Hebrew: תל קטיפא‎), was a small Israeli settlement located in the northeast end of the Gush Katif settlement bloc of the Gaza Strip, and evacuated in Israel's disengagement of 2005.	Tel Katifa	Israel
country	Ali Institute of Education Lahore is a private degree-awarding institution located in Lahore, Pakistan.	Ali Institute of Education	Pakistan
country	Pirševo (pronounced (ˈpiːɾʃɛʋɔ)) is a small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Pirševo	Slovenia
country	The 1994 Asian Games also known as XII Asiad were held from October 2 to October 16, 1994 in Hiroshima, Japan.	1994 Asian Games	Japan
country	Sanda University (上海杉达学院) is the first private university established in People's Republic of China (since all universities were made public immediately following the 1949 revolution), located in Shanghai.	Sanda University	People's Republic of China
country	Kožljevec (pronounced (kɔˈʒleːʋəts); in older sources also Kozljevo, German: Koslewz) is a small settlement in the hills north of Polica in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Kožljevec	Slovenia
country	Ruakaka is a small township in the north of New Zealand approximately 30 kilometres south of Whangarei in the Bream Bay area.	Ruakaka	New Zealand
country	Ruza River (Russian: Руза) is a river in the Moscow Oblast in Russia, left tributary of the Moscow River.	Ruza River	Russia
country	Chagrianda is a Union council in the Kotli District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Chagrianda	Pakistan
country	Vedrijan (pronounced (ʋɛdɾiˈjaːn)) is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Vedrijan	Slovenia
country	Mwakeitari (also written Makeitari) is a settlement in Kiribati.	Mwakeitari	Kiribati
country	Roženpelj (pronounced (ˈɾoːʒənpəl)) is a small settlement west of Knežja Vas in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Roženpelj	Slovenia
country	The Chiesa dei Domenicani (German: Dominikanerkirche) is a medieval church in Bolzano/Bozen, South Tyrol, northern Italy.	Chiesa dei Domenicani	Italy
country	Zgierz (zɡʲɛʂ) (German: 1943--45 Görnau) is a town in central Poland, located just to the north of Łódź and part of the metropolitan area centered on that city.	Zgierz	Poland
country	Skage Church (Norwegian: Skage kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Overhalla in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Skage Church	Norway
country	Kasanka National Park is a park located in the Serenje District of Zambia's Central Province.	Kasanka National Park	Zambia
country	Kerameri or Kerimeri is a village and a Mandal in Adilabad district in the state of Telangana in India.	Kerameri	India
country	The Château de Madrid was a Renaissance building in France.	Château de Madrid	France
country	Stade J.F. Kennedy is a track and field stadium in Dudelange, in southern Luxembourg.	Stade J.F. Kennedy	Luxembourg
country	Emamzadeh Haroun-e-Velayat (Persian: امامزاده هارون ولایت‎) is an imamzadeh in Isfahan, Iran.	Emamzadeh Haroun-e-Velayat	Iran
country	Tequixquiac is the municipality located in Zumpango Region, the northeastern part of the state of Mexico in Mexico, although both are commonly called Tequixquiac.	Tequixquiac	Mexico
country	Following the closure of lines in Broadstairs and Margate, the East Hill Cliff Railway is now the steepest funicular railway in the United Kingdom.	East Hill Cliff Railway	United Kingdom
country	Hurontario Street is a roadway running in Ontario, Canada between Lake Ontario at Mississauga and Lake Huron's Georgian Bay at Collingwood.	Hurontario Street	Canada
country	Torodi is a small town and a rural commune in Niger.	Torodi	Niger
country	Taean County (Taean-gun) is a county in South Chungcheong Do, South Korea.	Taean County	South Korea
country	Kasparus (kasˈparus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kasparus	Poland
country	Napierville-Laprairie was a former provincial electoral district in Quebec, Canada which elected members to the National Assembly of Quebec (known as the Legislative Assembly before 1968).	Napierville-Laprairie	Canada
country	Melon Day is an annual national holiday in Turkmenistan devoted to festivities to celebrate the country's muskmelon, in particular a recent crossbreed product named ``Turkmenbashi melon'' (after Turkmenistan's first president), which is praised for its aroma, taste and large size.	Melon Day	Turkmenistan
country	Yakimovo Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Якимово) is a small municipality (obshtina) in Montana Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the area of the Danubian Plain.	Yakimovo Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Jæren is the largest flat lowland area in Norway, stretching from the municipality of Randaberg in the north to Hå in the south.	Jæren	Norway
country	Zgornji Petelinjek (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnji pɛtɛˈliːnjɛk); in older sources also Gornji Petelinjek, German: Oberpetelinek) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zgornji Petelinjek	Slovenia
country	Al-Sahwah (Arabic: السهوة‎, also spelled el-Sahoa or Sahweh; also known as Sahwat al-Qamh or Sehwet el-Kamh) is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the Daraa Governorate, located east of Daraa.	Al-Sahwah	Syria
country	Urunkhayka (Kazakh: Урүнхайка) is a small village in Kazakhstan.	Urunkhayka	Kazakhstan
country	MS Color Fantasy is a cruiseferry owned and operated by Color Line on their route between Oslo in Norway and Kiel in Germany.	MS Color Fantasy	Norway
country	Frücht is a small municipality in the federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate in western Germany.	Frücht	Germany
country	The Oltrarno is a quarter of Florence, Italy.	Oltrarno	Italy
country	Izki Natural Park is located in the eastern quarter of the Province of Álava, in the Basque Country autonomous community, Spain.	Izki Natural Park	Spain
country	Techirghiol (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈtekirɡjol), historical name: Tekirgöl) is a town in Constanţa County, Romania.	Techirghiol	Romania
country	Escuintla (Spanish pronunciation: (esˈkwintla)) is a city in south central Guatemala.	Escuintla	Guatemala
country	The Ricoh Arena was the first cashless stadium in the United Kingdom, with customers using a prepay smartcard system in the grounds bars and shops.	Ricoh Arena	United Kingdom
country	Dahu Station (Chinese: 大湖車站; pinyin: Dàhú Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Luzhu District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Dahu Station	Taiwan
country	Thirteen Strings is a chamber orchestra in Ottawa, Canada.	Thirteen Strings	Canada
country	The Kushan Pass or Kaoshan Pass (el. about 4,370 m or 14,340 ft) is a mountain pass just west of the famous Salang Pass (3,878 m. or 12,723 ft.) in the Hindu Kush mountain range of northern Afghanistan.	Kushan Pass	Afghanistan
country	The Prešeren Day, the full name being Prešeren Day, the Slovene Cultural Holiday (Slovene: Prešernov dan, slovenski kulturni praznik), is a public holiday celebrated in Slovenia on 8 February.	Prešeren Day	Slovenia
country	Nesam Gam (Persian: نسام گام‎, also Romanized as Nesām Gām) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Nesam Gam	Iran
country	Karlsøy Church (Norwegian: Karlsøy kirke) is a historic parish church in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county, Norway.	Karlsøy Church	Norway
country	Vartdal Church (Norwegian: Vartdal kyrkje) is a parish church in Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Vartdal Church	Norway
country	Canton of Champtoceaux is a former canton of France, located in the Maine-et-Loire department, in the Pays de la Loire region.	Canton of Champtoceaux	France
country	The Collection de l'art brut (literally ``Collection of Outsider Art''; sometimes referred to as ``Musée de l'art brut'') is a museum dedicated to outsider art and located in Lausanne, Switzerland.	Collection de l'art brut	Switzerland
country	Saint Ildefonsus of Toledo Parish Church (Spanish: Iglesia Parroquial de San Ildefonso de Toledo), commonly known as the Tanay Church, is a Roman Catholic church located in the town of Tanay, Rizal Province in the Philippines.	Tanay Church	Philippines
country	Kjøra is village in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Kjøra	Norway
country	The Domus Galilaeana is a cultural and scientific institute and library, dedicated to the history of science, located in via Santa Maria #26, in Pisa, region of Tuscany, Italy.	Domus Galilaeana	Italy
country	Corsavy (Catalan: Cortsaví) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Corsavy	France
country	The Macedonian literary circle (1938 -- 1941) was a literary society created in Sofia, Bulgaria in 1938 by young and educated members of the Macedonian immigrant community, who were Bulgarian communists.	Macedonian literary circle	Bulgaria
country	Barbaran (Persian: بربران‎, also Romanized as Barbarān) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Barbaran	Iran
country	Bala Kuyakh (Persian: بالاكويخ‎, also Romanized as Bālā Kūyakh; also known as Kūyakh-e Bālā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bala Kuyakh	Iran
country	The Shire of Cobram was a local government area on the Murray River in the Goulburn Valley region, about 240 kilometres (149 mi) north of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Cobram	Australia
country	Dąbrowa-Michałki (dɔmˈbrɔva miˈxau̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dąbrowa-Michałki	Poland
country	Birudur is a village located in the Vandavasi taluk of Tiruvanamalai district in the state of Tamil Nadu, in South India.	Birudur	India
country	Chah-e Taleb Mokhtari (Persian: چاه طالب مختارئ‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Ţāleb Mokhtāri) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Taleb Mokhtari	Iran
country	Rykhtychi (Ukrainian: Рихтичі; Polish: Rychcice ) is a town in Lviv Oblast, Drohobych Raion, Ukraine (zip code - 82151).	Rykhtychi	Ukraine
country	Akhfenir is a small town in Tarfaya Province, in the Laâyoune-Sakia El Hamra region of Morocco.	Akhfenir	Morocco
country	The Sandalysh River is a river in the Pskem Mountains of Chatkal District in Jalal-Abad Region in western Kyrgyzstan.	Sandalysh River	Kyrgyzstan
country	Home Farm Road (also referred to as Homefarm Road) is a regional road situated in upper Drumcondra, Dublin, Ireland.	Home Farm Road	Ireland
country	Brookfield Rail is a rail infrastructure owner and access provider in Western Australia with a long-term lease on the network from the Government of Western Australia.	Brookfield Rail	Australia
country	The British Syrian Society is an association set up to promote relations between Syria and the United Kingdom.	British Syrian Society	United Kingdom
country	Le Drennec (Breton: An Dreneg) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Le Drennec	France
country	Mrtovec (pronounced (ˈməɾtɔʋəts)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Mrtovec	Slovenia
country	Simikot Airport (IATA: IMK, ICAO: VNST) is an airport serving Simikot, a town in the Humla district of the Karnali zone in Nepal.	Simikot Airport	Nepal
country	Lloyd Robson Oval is a sporting ground in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea.	Lloyd Robson Oval	Papua New Guinea
country	The Cernețu River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania	Cernețu River	Romania
country	The Streetsville Derbys were a Canadian Junior ``A'' ice hockey team from Streetsville, Ontario, Canada.	Streetsville Derbys	Canada
country	Qiasiyeh (Persian: قياسيه‎, also Romanized as Qīāsīyeh and Qeyāsīyeh; also known as Kayasa, Qīāseh, and Qiyasa) is a village in Sonbolabad Rural District, Soltaniyeh District, Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qiasiyeh	Iran
country	Coyhaique (Spanish pronunciation: (koiˈaike)), also spelled Coihaique in Patagonia, is the capital city of both the Coyhaique Province and the Aysén Region of Chile.	Coyhaique	Chile
country	Ağın is a town and district of Elazığ Province of Turkey.	Ağın	Turkey
country	Radychiv (Ukrainian Радичів; German: Raditschew; English, connected with the Hutterites: Radichev) is a small village in Koropsky Raion, Chernihiv Oblast, Ukraine.	Radychiv	Ukraine
country	The Yazidi Movement for Reform and Progress is a Yazidi political party in Iraq.	Yazidi Movement for Reform and Progress	Iraq
country	Topčider (Serbian Cyrillic: Топчидер, Serbo-Croatian pronunciation: (tɔ̝̌pt͡ʃide̞r)) is a forest park and an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Topčider	Serbia
country	Schießanlage is a firing range located in the Hochbrück area of Munich, Germany.	Schießanlage	Germany
country	Lázně Jeseník (until 1948 and in German Gräfenberg) is a small village in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.	Lázně Jeseník	Czech Republic
country	Langanesbyggð is a municipality in northeastern Iceland, just north of Eastern Region.	Langanesbyggð	Iceland
country	As of provisional figures of 2011 India census, Shivpuri had a population of 179,972.	Shivpuri	India
country	Riachão Ring is a meteorite crater (astrobleme) in Brazil.	Riachão Ring	Brazil
country	Radenac (Breton: Radeneg) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north-western France.	Radenac	France
country	Sribne (Ukrainian: Срібне, Russian: Срéбное) is an urban-type settlement in Chernihiv Oblast (province) of northern Ukraine.	Sribne	Ukraine
country	The Canadian Ice Fishing Championship is a two day annual event held on Lake Simcoe, in Ontario, Canada.	Canadian Ice Fishing Championship	Canada
country	Deh-e Sefid Salianeh (Persian: ده سفيدساليانه‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Sefīd Sālīāneh) is a village in Doab Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Sefid Salianeh	Iran
country	Skaftafell ( (listen) ) is a preservation area in Öræfi, southeast Iceland.	Skaftafell	Iceland
country	España Boulevard is an 8-lane major thoroughfare in Metro Manila named after the Spanish name of Spain, the Philippines' colonial power for 333 years.	España Boulevard	Philippines
country	Hasanabad-e Dastgerd (Persian: حسن اباددستگرد‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Dastgerd; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Dastgerd	Iran
country	Boneh Anbar (Persian: بنه انبار‎, also Romanized as Boneh Ānbār; also known as Bonehānbār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh Anbar	Iran
country	The Lake Waikaremoana Great Walk is a 44 kilometre tramping track which follows the southern and western coast of Lake Waikaremoana in the North Island of New Zealand.	Lake Waikaremoana Great Walk	New Zealand
country	Posio is a municipality of Finland.	Posio	Finland
country	Vlhošť (German: Wilschtberg) is the highest mountain (614 m) in Kokořínsko area, Czech Republic.	Vlhošť	Czech Republic
country	Lubotyń-Włóki (luˈbɔtɨɲ ˈvwuki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lubotyń-Włóki	Poland
country	The Sierra del Burro (also called Serranias del Burro) is the northernmost finger of the Sierra Madre Oriental in the state of Coahuila, Mexico.	Sierra del Burro	Mexico
country	Sylt (German pronunciation: (ˈzʏlt); Danish: Sild; Söl'ring North Frisian: Söl) is an island in northern Germany, part of Nordfriesland district, Schleswig-Holstein, and well known for the distinctive shape of its shoreline.	Sylt	Germany
country	Suchedniów-Oblęgorek Landscape Park (Suchedniowsko-Oblęgorski Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in south-central Poland, established in 1988, covering an area of 214.07 square kilometres (82.65 sq mi).	Suchedniów-Oblęgorek Landscape Park	Poland
country	Cap Fréhel is a peninsula in Côtes-d'Armor, in northern Brittany, France which extends off the Côte d'Émeraude into the Golfe de Saint-Malo.	Cap Fréhel	France
country	Far East prisoners of war is a term used in the United Kingdom to describe former British and Commonwealth prisoners of war held in the Far East during the Second World War.	Far East prisoners of war	United Kingdom
country	Vänortsparken (English: Twin Towns' Park), is a park in central Umeå, Västerbotten County, Sweden.	Vänortsparken	Sweden
country	Ålandsparken was an amusement park located in Mariehamn (in Finnish: Maarianhamina), the capital town of the Åland Islands (in Finnish: Ahvenanmaa), an autonomous, demilitarized, monolingually Swedish-speaking administrative province and region of Finland.	Ålandsparken	Finland
country	Social Democracy and Progress (Catalan: Socialdemocràcia i Progrés, SDP) is a political party in Andorra led by Víctor Naudi Zamora.	Social Democracy and Progress	Andorra
country	Alaşa (also, Alasha and Alashakend) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Alaşa	Azerbaijan
country	Phugtal Monastery or Phugtal Gompa (often transliterated as Phuktal) is a Buddhist monastery located in the remote Lungnak Valley in south-eastern Zanskar, in the autonomous Himalayan region of Ladakh, in Northern India.	Phugtal Monastery	India
country	Port Rashid (Arabic: ميناء راشد‎; mina'a rāšid), also referred to as Mina Rashid, is a man made, commercial port in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Port Rashid	United Arab Emirates
country	Harsawa (Hindi: हरसावा, IAST: Harsāwā) is a village located in the Sikar district of Shekhawati region, in Rajasthan state, India.	Harsawa	India
country	The Göttingen Forest (German: Göttinger Wald) is a ridge in Germany's Central Uplands that is up to 427.5 metres high.	Göttingen Forest	Germany
country	Döllersheim is an abandoned village in the Austrian state of Lower Austria, located in the rural Waldviertel region about 110 km (68 mi) northwest of Vienna.	Döllersheim	Austria
country	The Ross River Dam is a rock and eathfill-filled embankment dam across the Ross River, located southwest of Townsville in northern Queensland, Australia.	Ross River Dam	Australia
country	Durgam Cheruvu is a freshwater lake located in Rangareddy district, Telangana, India.	Durgam Cheruvu	India
country	Tribsees (German pronunciation: (tʁiːpˈzeːs)) is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Tribsees	Germany
country	Sistiana (Slovene: Sesljan) is a village in Friuli-Venezia Giulia, in the far northeast of Italy near the Slovene border.	Sistiana	Italy
country	Antaramut (Armenian: Անտառամուտ, also romanized as Antarramut; formerly, K’olageran and Kalagiran) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Antaramut	Armenia
country	Zvečan Fortress was declared Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance in 1990, and it is protected by the Republic of Serbia though lying within Kosovo.	Zvečan Fortress	Serbia
country	Gorenja Kanomlja (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnja kaˈnoːmlja)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Gorenja Kanomlja	Slovenia
country	Kwiatoniów (kfjaˈtɔɲuf) (German: Blümsdorf) is a village located in the Opole Voivodeship (southern Poland), near the border with the Czech Republic.	Kwiatoniów	Poland
country	Marine Current Turbines Ltd (MCT), a Siemens business, is a United Kingdom-based company which is developing tidal stream generators.	Marine Current Turbines	United Kingdom
country	Bilyne (Ukrainian: Білине) is a village in Odessa Oblast, southern Ukraine located near the Dniester river border with Moldova.	Bilyne	Ukraine
country	The University of Carabobo (Spanish: Universidad de Carabobo) is an autonomous, public university of Venezuela located in Valencia, Venezuela.	University of Carabobo	Venezuela
country	Jordbruksaktuellt, literally meaning Agriculture News, is an agricultural magazine published in Sweden.	Jordbruksaktuellt	Sweden
country	Saibai Island Airport (IATA: SBR, ICAO: YSII) is an airport on Saibai Island, Queensland, Australia.	Saibai Island Airport	Australia
country	Radical Change (Spanish: Cambio Radical) is a political party in Colombia.	Radical Change	Colombia
country	Mount Besar (Indonesian: Gunung Besar, means: Big Mountain) is a stratovolcano in the southeast of Sumatra, Indonesia.	Mount Besar	Indonesia
country	Lgov Prison (Russian: Льго́вская коло́ния), officially Penal Colony No. 3 (Федеральное бюджетное учреждение ``Исправительная колония №3'' УФСИН России по Курской области or ФКУ ИК-3), is a prison in Lgov, Kursk Oblast, in southwestern Russia.	Lgov Prison	Russia
country	Talan Teidit (also written Tala-n-Tehidit) is a village in the commune of Tamanrasset, in Tamanrasset District, Tamanrasset Province, Algeria, 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of the city of Tamanrasset in the Hoggar Mountains.	Talan Teidit	Algeria
country	Pabna District (Bengali: পাবনা জেলা Paabna Jela) is a district in north-western Bangladesh.	Pabna District	Bangladesh
country	Hoyvík (Danish: Højvig) is the third largest town in the Faroe Islands.	Hoyvík	Faroe Islands
country	Rolvenden railway station is a heritage railway station on the Kent and East Sussex Railway in Tenterden, Kent, in the United Kingdom.	Rolvenden railway station	United Kingdom
country	Alnarp is a village and university campus in Lomma Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden, lying between Lund and Malmö.	Alnarp	Sweden
country	Baytik (known as Orto Alysh before 1991) is a village in the Alamudun District of Chuy Province, Kyrgyzstan.	Baytik	Kyrgyzstan
country	Kastrup Boldklub has spent a total of 9 seasons in the highest football league in Denmark, the last in 1987.	Kastrup Boldklub	Denmark
country	Royal Tomb of King Suro Station (Hangul: 수로왕릉역; hanja: 首露王陵驛) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Oe-dong, Gimhae, South Korea.	Royal Tomb of King Suro Station	South Korea
country	La Bâtie-Montgascon is a commune in the Isère department in the Rhône-Alpes region of south-eastern France.	La Bâtie-Montgascon	France
country	Alcázar de San Juan (often called simply Alcázar or Alcázar de Consuegra) is a town and municipality in the province of Ciudad Real, part of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Alcázar de San Juan	Spain
country	Saraburi is a town (thesaban mueang) in central Thailand, capital of Saraburi Province.	Saraburi	Thailand
country	Dybła (ˈdɨbwa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dybła	Poland
country	Tolisa is a place in north-eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina in region Bosanska Posavina.	Tolisa	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Central NSW Mallee Important Bird Area is an irregularly shaped 2500 km2 tract of land in western New South Wales, Australia.	Central NSW Mallee Important Bird Area	Australia
country	Mundock is an enclave in the Mahe district of Puducherry, India, and a part of the Mahé municipality.	Mundock	India
country	Storlien Station (Swedish: Storlien station, Norwegian: Storlien stasjon) is a railway station located at Storlien in Åre Municipality, Sweden.	Storlien Station	Sweden
country	Yadabad-e Olya (Persian: يادابادعليا‎, also Romanized as Yādābād-e Olyá) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yadabad-e Olya	Iran
country	Arensharde (Danish: Arns Herred) is an Amt (``collective municipality'') in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Arensharde	Germany
country	Buxar district is one of the thirty-eight districts of Bihar state, India.	Buxar district	India
country	Saint-Triphon is a village and a Swiss heritage site of national significance in the municipality of Ollon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Saint-Triphon	Switzerland
country	Lublin railway station (Polish Stacja Lublin) is the most important railway station in Lublin, Poland.	Lublin railway station	Poland
country	Bacho Kiro High School is a secondary comprehensive school in the town of Pavlikeni in Bulgaria.	Bacho Kiro High School	Bulgaria
country	Takla Landing Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CAZ3), is located on Takla Lake in the Takla Lake Marine Provincial Park, British Columbia, Canada.	Takla Landing Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Toronto Civic Railways (TCR) was an agency created and owned by the City of Toronto, Canada, to run streetcars in newly annexed areas of the city that the private operator Toronto Railway Company refused to serve.	Toronto Civic Railways	Canada
country	Nowina-Przęsławice (nɔˈvina pʂɛ̃swaˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowina-Przęsławice	Poland
country	The 2013 Balochistan earthquakes took place in late September in southwestern Pakistan.	2013 Balochistan earthquakes	Pakistan
country	Meurthe-et-Moselle (French pronunciation: ​(mœʁte mɔzɛl)) is a department in the Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine region of France, named after the Meurthe and Moselle rivers.	Meurthe-et-Moselle	France
country	Radekhiv (Ukrainian: Раде́хів, Polish: Radziechów) is a city in Lviv Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Radekhiv	Ukraine
country	Badah railway station (Urdu: بادہ ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in Pakistan.	Badah railway station	Pakistan
country	Saint-Jean-Kerdaniel (Breton: Sant-Yann-Gerdaniel) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor département of Brittany in northwestern France.	Saint-Jean-Kerdaniel	France
country	Quesnel railway station in Quesnel, British Columbia, Canada is a railway station which is used by the Rocky Mountaineer train service.	Quesnel railway station	Canada
country	Mainz-Amöneburg is a district administered by the city of Wiesbaden, Germany.	Mainz-Amöneburg	Germany
country	Eckerö Line operates two ferries (one for passenger traffic, one for cargo) between Helsinki (Finland) and Tallinn (Estonia).	Eckerö Line	Finland
country	Kronogård is the name of a launch site for sounding rockets in North Sweden at 66°13′N 19°47′E. Kronogård was originally a hunting post for royal foresters and hunters.	Kronogård	Sweden
country	Senou is a small town and seat of the commune of Kemekafo in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.	Senou	Mali
country	Habaswein is a settlement in Kenya's Wajir County, which is almost exclusively inhabited by ethnic Somalis.	Habaswein	Kenya
country	Alpuri or Alpurai (Pashto: الپوری‎) is the capital of Shangla District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Alpuri	Pakistan
country	Witynie (viˈtɨɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Witynie	Poland
country	The Calamuchita Department (Spanish: Departamento Calamuchita) is a subdivision (department) of the province of Córdoba, Argentina.	Calamuchita Department	Argentina
country	Veľké Kapušany (Hungarian: Nagykapos) is a small town on the eastern plains of Slovakia, not far from the Ukrainian border.	Veľké Kapušany	Slovakia
country	The Palatine Ways of St. James (German: Pfälzer Jakobswege) are those sections of the Way of St. James in the Palatinate region of Germany and part of the historic pilgrimage route to the northwest Spanish town of Santiago de Compostela.	Palatine Ways of St. James	Germany
country	Palazzo Bembo is a palace in Venice, Italy, on the Grand Canal, close by the Rialto Bridge and next to the Palazzo Dolfin Manin.	Palazzo Bembo	Italy
country	Mwanda Peak is the highest topographical point in the border of Zambia.	Mwanda Peak	Zambia
country	Bikin (Russian: Бики́н) is a town in Khabarovsk Krai, Russia, located on the Bikin River (a tributary of the Ussuri) 230 kilometers (140 mi) southwest of Khabarovsk.	Bikin	Russia
country	Wiszowate (viʂɔˈvatɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wiszowate	Poland
country	Princess of Naradhiwas University (PNU) is a government sponsored university in Narathiwat, southern Thailand.	Princess of Naradhiwas University	Thailand
country	Sarchahan (Persian: سرچاهان‎, also Romanized as Sarchāhān) is a village in Tarom Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sarchahan	Iran
country	The Séminaire des Pères Maristes (SPM) is a private, coeducational high school in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.	Séminaire des Pères Maristes	Canada
country	The Galleria dell'Accademia di Firenze, or ``Gallery of the Academy of Florence'', is an art museum in Florence, Italy.	Galleria dell'Accademia	Italy
country	Sheytur (Persian: شيطور‎, also Romanized as Sheyţūr and Shaitūr) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District, in the Central District of Bafq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Sheytur	Iran
country	The Timmins Fire Department is the city of Timmins, Ontario, Canada's fire emergency services.	Timmins Fire Department	Canada
country	Kornstad is a village (and a former municipality) in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Kornstad	Norway
country	Paung (Burmese: ပေါင်မြို့; Mon: ပံင်, (pɔŋ)) is a town in the Mon State of south-east Myanmar.	Paung	Myanmar
country	Al Qadarif (Arabic: القضارف‎ Al Qaḍārif), also spelt Gedaref, Gedarif or El Gadarif, is the capital of the state of Al Qadarif in Sudan.	Al Qadarif	Sudan
country	Vichuga (Russian: Ви́чуга) is a town in Ivanovo Oblast, Russia, located 65 kilometers (40 mi) northeast of Ivanovo.	Vichuga	Russia
country	The Kaohsiung MRT Siaogang Station is the terminal station on the Red Line in Siaogang District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Siaogang Station	Taiwan
country	The Arc de Berà (sometimes written Barà) is a triumphal arch some 20 km north-east of the city of Tarragona, Catalonia, Spain, close to Roda de Barà.	Arc de Berà	Spain
country	The Wetteraukreis is a Kreis (district) in the middle of Hesse, Germany.	Wetteraukreis	Germany
country	League1 Ontario (L1O) is a semi-professional men's and women's soccer league in Ontario, Canada, and is sanctioned by the Canadian Soccer Association and the Ontario Soccer Association as a Division III league in the Canadian soccer league system.	League1 Ontario	Canada
country	Gilford Island/Health Bay Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CAD7), is located adjacent to Gilford Island, British Columbia, Canada near the Kwakwaka'wakw village of Gwayasdums.	Gilford Island/Health Bay Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Nor Kokhp (also, Nor-Kokhb) is a town in the Yerevan region of Armenia.	Nor Kokhp	Armenia
country	Salak Airport (IATA: MVR, ICAO: FKKL), is an airport serving Maroua, the capital of the Far North Region in Cameroon.	Salak Airport	Cameroon
country	The Catalan Way (Catalan: Via Catalana), also known as the Catalan Way towards Independence (Catalan: Via Catalana cap a la Independència), was a 480-kilometre (300 mi) human chain in support of Catalan independence from Spain.	Catalan Way	Spain
country	Leganés (Spanish pronunciation: (le.ɣa.ˈnes)) is a city in central Spain.	Leganés	Spain
country	Vekerd (Romanian: Vecherd) is a village in Hajdú-Bihar county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.	Vekerd	Hungary
country	Sainte-Anne-du-Lac Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CSP9), is located on Lake Tapani in Sainte-Anne-du-Lac, Quebec, Canada.	Sainte-Anne-du-Lac Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Osnabrück (; ; archaic ) is a city in the federal state of Lower-Saxony in north-west Germany.	Osnabrück	Germany
country	Somerset MRT Station (NS23) is an underground station on the North South Line of the Mass Rapid Transit in Singapore, located under 313@Somerset Shopping Centre between Orchard Road and Somerset Road.	Somerset MRT Station	Singapore
country	Sadovo (Bulgarian: Садово) is a small town in Sadovo Municipality, Plovdiv Province, central Bulgaria, and the administrative center of Plovdiv.	Sadovo	Bulgaria
country	Biscay (in Basque and officially Bizkaia and in Spanish Vizcaya) is a province of Spain located just south of the Bay of Biscay.	Biscay	Spain
country	Gravina in Puglia (Latin: Silvium; Greek: Σιλούϊον) is a town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Bari, Apulia, southern Italy.	Gravina in Puglia	Italy
country	Sahlenburg is a borough of the city Cuxhaven near the mouth of the river Elbe in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Sahlenburg	Germany
country	The Imataka Mountains are located in the north-west of Guyana and north-east of Venezuela.	Imataka Mountains	Guyana	Venezuela
country	The Independent Republicans (French: Républicains Indépendants, RI) were a liberal-conservative political group in France founded in 1962, which became a political party in 1966 known as the National Federation of the Independent Republicans (Fédération nationale des républicains et indépendants, FNRI).	Independent Republicans	France
country	Weatherall Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Weatherall Bay	Canada
country	Milan's Zoo was a Zoo in Milan, Lombardy, northern Italy, created in the Indro Montanelli Public Gardens in 1932 and closed in 1992.	Milan's Zoo	Italy
country	The Temryuk Bay (Russian: Темрюкский залив) is a gulf or bay of the Sea of Azov located on the northern coast of the Taman Peninsula, Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Temryuk Bay	Russia
country	Kansanga is a location in Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest city.	Kansanga	Uganda
country	Tuzi (Montenegrin, Bosnian: Тузи / Tuzi, pronounced (tǔːzi); Albanian: Tuz) is a small town in the Podgorica Municipality, Montenegro, located along a main road between the city of Podgorica and the Albanian border crossing, just a few kilometers north of Lake Skadar.	Tuzi	Montenegro
country	Kamarkawarai-tepui, also spelled Kamarkaiwaran or Camarcai-barai, is the easternmost and tallest of the four main tepuis of the Los Testigos chain in Bolívar, Venezuela.	Kamarkawarai-tepui	Venezuela
country	Voergaard Castle (Danish: Voergaard Slot) is a moated Renaissance manor house located 10 km north of Dronninglund on the North Jutland island in north-western Denmark.	Voergaard Castle	Denmark
country	Argo District (Persian: شهرستان ارکو‎‎ / Pashto: دارگو ولسوالی‎) is one of the 28 districts in Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan.	Argo District	Afghanistan
country	The Domain Athletic Centre is one of the premier athletics facilities in Tasmania, Australia, and is located on the Queens Domain in the capital city of Hobart.	Domain Athletic Centre	Australia
country	Tandzaver (Armenian: Տանձավեր) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Tandzaver	Armenia
country	Surval Montreux is an international all-girls boarding school in Montreux, Switzerland.	Surval Montreux	Switzerland
country	Uthamapalayam division is a revenue division in the Theni district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Uthamapalayam division	India
country	Tetrabad (Persian: تترآباد‎, also Romanized as Tetrābād) is a village in Doab Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tetrabad	Iran
country	Nikolinci (Serbian Cyrillic: Николинци, Romanian: Nicolinţ) is a village in Serbia.	Nikolinci	Serbia
country	Los Reyes Acozac is a community that belongs to the municipality of Tecámac in the State of Mexico in Mexico.	Los Reyes Acozac	Mexico
country	The Akademos Rally is an annual car rally held in Victoria, Australia by the Melbourne University Car Club.	Akademos Rally	Australia
country	Norddal Church (Norwegian: Norddal kyrkje), also known as Dale Church, is an octagonal parish church in Norddal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Norddal Church	Norway
country	The Peñalara Natural Park (Spanish: Parque Natural de la Cumbre, Circo y Lagunas de Peñalara) is a natural park of 7.68 km² in the northwest of the Community of Madrid, Spain.	Peñalara Natural Park	Spain
country	The Sanctuary of Oropa (Italian: santuario di Oropa), is a group of Roman Catholic buildings and structures in the municipality of Biella, Italy.	Sanctuary of Oropa	Italy
country	The House of Gallardo (Spanish: Casa Gallardo) is a building located in Madrid, Spain.	House of Gallardo	Spain
country	Berkovići (Serbian Cyrillic: Берковићи) is a village and a municipality in southern Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Berkovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Palazzo Vecchio (Italian pronunciation: (paˈlattso ˈvɛkkjo) ``Old Palace'') is the town hall of Florence, Italy.	Palazzo Vecchio	Italy
country	Hacıbəbir (also, Gadzhi-Babir and Gadzhybabir) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hacıbəbir	Azerbaijan
country	Dudah Chay (Persian: دوده چاي‎, also Romanized as Dūdah Chāy; also known as Deheh Chāy) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Dudah Chay	Iran
country	Preveg (in older sources also Prevek) is a small settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Preveg	Slovenia
country	Verin Hand (also, Verin And) is a town in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Verin Hand	Armenia
country	Boneh-ye Sarhadi (Persian: بنه سرحدي‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Sarḩadī; also known as Sarḩadī) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Sarhadi	Iran
country	The Municipality of Kostanjevica na Krki (Slovene: Občina Kostanjevica na Krki) is a municipality in the traditional Lower Carniola region of southern Slovenia.	Municipality of Kostanjevica na Krki	Slovenia
country	Al Awaynat or Alawinat (Arabic: العوينات‎) or Serdeles is a small town located in the Sahara Desert in Libya.	Awaynat	Libya
country	Skakovci (pronounced (ˈskaːkɔu̯tsi); Hungarian: Szécsényifalva, Prekmurje Slovene: Skokovci) is a village in the Municipality of Cankova in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Skakovci	Slovenia
country	Richmond Gulf (French: Lac Guillaume-Delisle; Inuktitut: Tasiujaq (which resembles a lake)) is a large triangular-shaped inland bay located on east side of Hudson Bay just above 56th parallel north in Quebec, Canada.	Richmond Gulf	Canada
country	Reç (also known as Reç i Poshtëm) is a settlement in the former Shkrel municipality, Shkodër County, northern Albania.	Reç	Albania
country	Crnoljeva (Serbian Cyrillic: Црнољева; Albanian: Carralevë or Mali i Carralevës) is a mountain in central Kosovo, dividing its two main geographical regions, the Kosovo Plain and Metohija.	Crnoljeva	Kosovo
country	Medija Castle (Slovene: Medijski grad, Grad Medija, German: Schloss Gallenegg) is a castle ruin located in the southern part of the settlement of Podlipovica, west of Izlake, in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi, central-eastern Slovenia.	Medija Castle	Slovenia
country	National Yunlin University of Science and Technology (YunTech; Chinese: 國立雲林科技大學) is a research-intensive technical university in Yunlin County, Taiwan.	National Yunlin University of Science and Technology	Taiwan
country	Patriot Park is a future theme park in Kubinka, Russia that will be themed around equipment of the Russian military.	Patriot Park	Russia
country	Angers (French: (ɑ̃.ʒe)) is a city in western France, about 300 km (190 mi) southwest of Paris.	Angers	France
country	Pekan Tutong is one of the towns in Brunei and the capital of Tutong District.	Pekan Tutong	Brunei
country	Grąblewo (ɡrɔmˈblɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Wielkopolski, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Grąblewo	Poland
country	Zengamina is a small hydroelectric power generation plant near Kalene Hill, Mwinilunga District in northwestern Zambia.	Zengamina	Zambia
country	Abeh-ye Golha (Persian: ابه گلها‎, also Romanized as Ābeh-ye Golhā; also known as Golhā) is a village in Nezamabad Rural District, in the Central District of Azadshahr County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Abeh-ye Golha	Iran
country	A Certificate of Higher Education (Cert.HE/CertHE) is a higher education qualification in the United Kingdom.	Certificate of Higher Education	United Kingdom
country	Chwalibogowo Palace - palace in Chwalibogowo (Września County, Poland).	Chwalibogowo Palace	Poland
country	Lingwu (simplified Chinese: 灵武市; traditional Chinese: 靈武市; pinyin: Língwǔ Shì) is the most important industrial city of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, in the northwestern region of the People's Republic of China.	Lingwu	People's Republic of China
country	Toronto Montessori Schools, now rebranded to ``TMS School'', is one of the oldest Montessori schools in Canada.	Toronto Montessori Schools	Canada
country	Bergrivier Local Municipality is a local municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Bergrivier Local Municipality	South Africa
country	Naziya (Russian: Назия) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Kirovsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Lava River and on the right bank of the Kovra River, east of the town of Kirovsk.	Naziya	Russia
country	The Letseng diamond mine, found in the landlocked Southern African kingdom of Lesotho, is owned by Gem Diamonds, Ltd. and the government of Lesotho, and at an elevation of 3,100 m (10,000 ft) it is the world's highest diamond mine.	Letseng diamond mine	Lesotho
country	Karlova Studánka (German: Bad Karlsbrunn) is a spa village in Bruntál District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	Karlova Studánka	Czech Republic
country	Diario Sur is a regional newspaper of Málaga, Spain.	Diario Sur	Spain
country	Svobodinovo (Bulgarian: Свободиново) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria.	Svobodinovo	Bulgaria
country	Mount Gharat or Mount Garet (797 m) is the highest peak on the volcanic island of Gaua of the Banks Islands in northern Vanuatu.	Mount Gharat	Vanuatu
country	Pirhəsənli (also, Pirgasanli and Pirgasanly) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Pirhəsənli	Azerbaijan
country	Chipilo is a small city in the state of Puebla, Mexico.	Chipilo	Mexico
country	Rybotycze (rɨbɔˈtɨt͡ʂɛ) (Yiddish: ריבאטיטש) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Rybotycze	Poland
country	Open to visitors throughout the year, the Victoria Falls National Park in north-western Zimbabwe protects the south and east bank of the Zambezi River in the area of the world-famous Victoria Falls.	Victoria Falls National Park	Zimbabwe
country	The Dabene Treasure (Bulgarian: Дъбенското съкровище) was unearthed in 2004 near the village of Dabene in the municipality of Karlovo, Plovdiv Province, central Bulgaria.	Dabene Treasure	Bulgaria
country	Slottsarkivet (the Palace Archive) is an archive at Stockholm Palace, Sweden.	Slottsarkivet	Sweden
country	The Royal Observer Corps 21 Group Headquarters and the Western Sector Control of the United Kingdom Warning and Monitoring Organisation used to be located on Langley Lane, on the border of the parishes of Goosnargh and Whittingham.	Goosnargh	United Kingdom
country	Chahar Afshar-e Sofla (Persian: چهارافشارسفلي‎, also Romanized as Chahār Afshār-e Soflá) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chahar Afshar-e Sofla	Iran
country	Ribeira do Calhau is a stream in the eastern part of the island of São Vicente in Cape Verde.	Ribeira do Calhau	Cape Verde
country	Banera is a tehsil located in the Bhilwara district in the state of Rajasthan in India.	Banera	India
country	Hamilton Street Circuit was a temporary street circuit in Hamilton, New Zealand.	Hamilton Street Circuit	New Zealand
country	Bajada del Agrio is a village and municipality in the Picunches department in Neuquén Province in southwestern Argentina.	Bajada del Agrio	Argentina
country	Staniew (ˈstaɲef) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Staniew	Poland
country	The Rama Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Rama River, a tributary of the Neretva River, about 4 km (2.5 mi) southwest of the town of Prozer in the Herzegovina-Neretva Canton of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Rama Dam	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Wielki Szyszak (Czech: Vysoké Kolo, German: Hohes Rad, literally Big Helmet) is a mountain on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland.	Wielki Szyszak	Czech Republic	Poland
country	Sabah State Mosque or Masjid Negeri Sabah is the state mosque of Sabah, located at Jalan Tunku Abdul Rahman, Sembulan, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia.	Sabah State Mosque	Malaysia
country	Panjabari (Assamese: পাঞ্জাবাৰী) is a locality in Guwahati, Assam, India.	Panjabari	India
country	Barus is a kecamatan (district) in Central Tapanuli Regency, North Sumatra Province, Sumatra, Indonesia.	Barus	Indonesia
country	Yawan Airport (ICAO: OAYW) is a public use airport located in the Yawan District, Badakhshan, Afghanistan.	Yawan Airport	Afghanistan
country	Zgornji Brnik (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnji ˈbəɾːnik); in older sources also Zgornji Bernik, German: Oberfernig) is a village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zgornji Brnik	Slovenia
country	Webbo District (Nyaake) was a district of River Gee County, Liberia.	Webbo District	Liberia
country	Pineda, Guerrero is a small village belonging to the municipality of Coyuca de Catalan, state of Guerrero, Mexico.	Pineda, Guerrero	Mexico
country	Sokhumi State University (In Georgian სოხუმის სახელმწიფო უნივერსიტეტი) is a state University, based in Tbilisi (Georgia).	Sokhumi State University	Georgia
country	Ochoża-Kolonia (ɔˈxɔʐa kɔˈlɔɲa) (Ukrainian: Колонія Охожа, Koloniya Okhozha) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ochoża-Kolonia	Poland
country	Steinsdalsfossen (also called Øvsthusfossen or Øfsthusfossen) is a waterfall in the village of Steine in the municipality of Kvam in Hordaland county, Norway.	Steinsdalsfossen	Norway
country	Sankt Veit an der Gölsen is a town in the district of Lilienfeld in the Austrian federal state of Lower Austria.	Sankt Veit an der Gölsen	Austria
country	Pelinnaioi (Greek: Πελινναίοι) is a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Pelinnaioi	Greece
country	Dronningens Tværgade (lit. ``The Queen's Cross Street'') is a street in central Copenhagen, Denmark, which runs from Bredgade to Rosenborg Castle Garden.	Dronningens Tværgade	Denmark
country	Rowień-Folwarki is a district in the north-west of Żory, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Rowień-Folwarki	Poland
country	The Rural Municipality of Vanscoy No. 345, Saskatchewan is located southwest of the city of Saskatoon, Canada.	Rural Municipality of Vanscoy No. 345	Canada
country	Nowogrodziec (nɔvɔˈɡrɔd͡ʑet͡s) (German: Naumburg am Queis) is a town in Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowogrodziec	Poland
country	The Protestant church of Burgum or Cross Church or Saint Martin's church is a religious building in Burgum, Netherlands, one of the medieval churches in Friesland.	Protestant church of Burgum	Netherlands
country	Fürstenfeld Airport (German: Flugplatz Fürstenfeld, ICAO: LOGF) is a private use airport located 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) north-northeast of Fürstenfeld, Steiermark, Austria.	Fürstenfeld Airport	Austria
country	Forrest Chase is a major shopping centre in Forrest Place located in Perth, Western Australia.	Forrest Chase	Australia
country	The Médaille de la Famille française (English: Medal of the French Family) is a decoration awarded by the government of France to honour those who have successfully raised several children with dignity.	Médaille de la Famille française	France
country	Olonets (Russian: Оло́нец; Karelian: Anus, Anuksenlinnu; Finnish: Aunus, Aunuksenlinna or Aunuksenkaupunki) is a town and the administrative center of Olonetsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia, located on the Olonka River to the east from Lake Ladoga.	Olonets	Russia
country	Fak Tha (Thai: ฟากท่า) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Fak Tha District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Fak Tha	Thailand
country	Sibebe is a granite mountain in Swaziland, located 10 km from the capital city Mbabane.	Sibebe	Swaziland
country	The National Society for Road Safety (Swedish: Nationalföreningen för trafiksäkerhetens främjande) is a road traffic safety organization in Sweden.	National Society for Road Safety	Sweden
country	Moezzabad-e Gurgir (Persian: معزابادگورگير‎, also Romanized as Mo``ezzābād-e Gūrgīr; also known as Gūgīr and Gūrgīr) is a village in Korbal Rural District, in the Central District of Kharameh County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,230, in 311 families.	Moezzabad-e Gurgir	Iran
country	Braubach is a municipality in the Rhein-Lahn-Kreis, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Braubach	Germany
country	Zaamin National Park (Jizzakh Province) is the oldest nature preserve in Uzbekistan, created in 1926 as Guralash Nature Preserve on the northern slopes of the western part of Turkestan Range, in the valleys of the rivers Kulsoy, Guralash, Baikungur, and Aldashmansoy.	Zaamin National Park	Uzbekistan
country	Shahrak-e Ardkapan (Persian: شهرك اردكپان‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Ārdkapān) is a village in Bakan Rural District, Hasanabad District, Eqlid County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Ardkapan	Iran
country	'Nawagai' is a town in the Bajaur Agency of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.	Nawagai	Pakistan
country	Landsvirkjun, the National Power Company of Iceland, is Iceland's largest electricity generator and one of the ten largest producers of renewable energy in Europe.	Landsvirkjun	Iceland
country	The Dunsink Observatory is an astronomical observatory established in 1785 in the townland of Dunsink near the city of Dublin, Ireland.	Dunsink Observatory	Ireland
country	Rancho El Barril Airstrip is a private airstrip located 2 miles from El Barril, Municipality of Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico, in Rancho ``El Barril'', a camp located South of Punta San Francisquito, on the Gulf of California coast.	Rancho El Barril Airstrip	Mexico
country	Ošve (Serbian: Ошве) is a village in the municipality of Maglaj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ošve	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	José Joaquín de Olmedo International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional José Joaquín de Olmedo; IATA: GYE, ICAO: SEGY) is an airport serving Guayaquil, a city in the province of Guayas in Ecuador.	José Joaquín de Olmedo International Airport	Ecuador
country	The Longford Prize is an annual award presented in the United Kingdom to an organisation or individual working in the field of social or penal reform.	Longford Prize	United Kingdom
country	Kastor und Pollux, also known as Forum Frankfurt, are two high rise buildings in the Gallus district of Frankfurt, Germany.	Kastor und Pollux	Germany
country	The Juan Carlos Castagnino Municipal Museum of Art is the premier museum of fine arts in Mar del Plata, Argentina.	Juan Carlos Castagnino Municipal Museum of Art	Argentina
country	Žampach viaduct is a railway arch bridge in the Czech Republic near the village of Žampach, part of Kamenný Přívoz, Prague-West District.	Žampach viaduct	Czech Republic
country	Gangpur State, also known as Gangpore State, was one of the princely states of India during the period of the British Raj.	Gangpur State	India
country	Wicewo (viˈt͡sɛvɔ) (German: Vietzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wicewo	Poland
country	Salihorsk (Belarusian: Салігорск; Russian: Солигорск, Soligorsk) is a city in Belarus.	Salihorsk	Belarus
country	Ngaio Railway Station is one of eight railway stations on the Johnsonville Branch, a commuter branch railway north of Wellington in New Zealand's North Island, and serves the suburb of Ngaio.	Ngaio Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Melkari Rural District (Persian: دهستان ملكارئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Melkari Rural District	Iran
country	Ustaritz (Basque: Uztaritze) is a town in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Ustaritz	France
country	Skórki (ˈskurki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Skórki	Poland
country	Jeziora Wielkie (jɛˈʑɔra ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Jeziora Wielkie	Poland
country	Yellowknife Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CEN9), is adjacent to the ``old town'' section of Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada on both Back Bay and East Bay of Great Slave Lake.	Yellowknife Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Cima di Fojorina (also spelled Cima di Fiorina) is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps, located on the border between Switzerland and Italy.	Cima di Fojorina	Switzerland	Italy
country	Podmol (Подмол) is a village in the district of Prilep, in the Republic of Macedonia.	Podmol	Macedonia
country	Pava (now Fazilnagar) is a city in ancient India, at the time of Gautama Buddha.	Pava	India
country	The Baner-Pashan Biodiversity Park is a proposed 200 hectare protected region currently under development in the Baner and Pashan suburbs of Pune, India by the Pune Municipal Corporation.	Baner-Pashan Biodiversity Park	India
country	Kiev Chaika Airfield (Ukrainian: Аеродром ``Київ Чайка'', also given as Kiev West) is an airport in Ukraine located in Petropavlivs'ka Borshchahivka (Kiev-Sviatoshyn Raion), about 15 km (9 mi) west of Kiev.	Kiev Chaika Airfield	Ukraine
country	Parade College is a Catholic all-boys multi-campus secondary school, run under the auspices of the Congregation of Christian Brothers and Edmund Rice Education Australia.	Parade College	Australia
country	HM Prison Dhurringile is a minimum security prison located in Dhurringile, Victoria, Australia.	HM Prison Dhurringile	Australia
country	Mansiri Himal is a small, high subrange of the Himalaya in north-central Nepal, about 100 km northwest of Kathmandu.	Mansiri Himal	Nepal
country	Nahal Betzet (Hebrew: נחל בצת‎, Arabic: Wadi Karkara‎) (lit. ``Betzet stream'') is a once-perennial and now intermittent stream in the Upper Galilee, Israel.	Nahal Betzet	Israel
country	Ponte Almirante Sarmento Rodrigues (also known as the Ponte Rodoviária de Barca d'Alva) is a road bridge over the Douro, located near the village of Barca d'Alva in Guarda District, Portugal, around 800 m west of the border to Spain.	Ponte Almirante Sarmento Rodrigues	Portugal
country	Majdan Borowski Pierwszy (ˈmai̯dan bɔˈrɔfski ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Majdan Borowski Pierwszy	Poland
country	Whitianga Aerodrome (IATA: WTZ, ICAO: NZWT) serves the town of Whitianga, New Zealand.	Whitianga Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	Sithor Kandal District (Khmer: ស្រុកស៊ីធរកណ្ដាល) is a district located in Prey Veng Province, in south eastern Cambodia.	Sithor Kandal District	Cambodia
country	Bagatao Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located on Bagatao Island on the eastern side of the entrance to Sorsogon Bay, in the province of Sorsogon in the Philippines.	Bagatao Island Lighthouse	Philippines
country	Los Frailes Airstrip (IATA: N/A) is a dirt airstrip located in Los Frailes, Municipality of Los Cabos, Baja California Sur, Mexico, a little village located on the Gulf of California coast, in the East Cape area.	Los Frailes Airstrip	Mexico
country	Łosiniany (wɔɕiˈɲanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Łosiniany	Poland
country	Gorno-Altaysk Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Горно-Алтайск) (IATA: RGK, ICAO: UNBG) is an airport in Russia located 9 km west of Gorno-Altaysk.	Gorno-Altaysk Airport	Russia
country	Hamburg Towers is a professional basketball team, based in Hamburg, Germany.	Hamburg Towers	Germany
country	Deep Roots currently airs on CBC Radio 2 throughout Canada on Saturdays at 5:00 p.m. (6:00 AT, 6:30 NT) and Sundays at 5:00 p.m. (5:30 NT).	Deep Roots	Canada
country	The 2012 Campeonato Cearense de Futebol was the 98th season of the top professional football league in the state of Ceará, Brazil.	2012 Campeonato Cearense	Brazil
country	Lesenovci (Serbian: Лесеновци) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac, Serbia.	Lesenovci	Serbia
country	Perachora (Greek: Περαχώρα) is an inland settlement in Loutraki-Perachora-Agioi Theodoroi, Corinthia, in the region of Peloponnese in Greece.	Perachora	Greece
country	Hamish Hamilton Limited originally specialized in fiction, and was responsible for publishing a number of American authors in the United Kingdom -- including J.D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye.	Hamish Hamilton	United Kingdom
country	Collège Sévigné was also the first school in France to open a kindergarten, in 1909.	Collège Sévigné	France
country	Goli Jan Rural District (Persian: دهستان گليجان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Goli Jan Rural District	Iran
country	The Veer Union is a Canadian rock band from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	The Veer Union	Canada
country	Kållandsö is an island in lake Vänern in Sweden.	Kållandsö	Sweden
country	Kępa Rybacka (ˈkɛmpa rɨˈbat͡ska) (German: Fischerskampe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kępa Rybacka	Poland
country	The Republic of Dagestan (/dɑːɡᵻˈstɑːn/ or /ˈdæɡᵻstæn/; Russian: Респу́блика Дагеста́н, Respublika Dagestan), also spelled Daghestan, is a federal subject (a republic) of Russia, located in the North Caucasus region.	Dagestan	Russia
country	Adria is a town and comune in the province of Rovigo in the Veneto region of Northern Italy, situated between the mouths of the rivers Adige and Po.	Adria	Italy
country	The Sønder Kirkeby Runestone, listed as runic inscription DR 220 in the Rundata catalog, is a Viking Age memorial runestone that was discovered in Sønder Kirkeby, which is located about 5 kilometers east of Nykøbing Falster, Denmark.	Sønder Kirkeby Runestone	Denmark
country	Strymonas (Greek: Στρυμώνας) is a former municipality in the Serres regional unit, Greece.	Strymonas	Greece
country	Drawa National Park (Polish: Drawieński Park Narodowy) is located in north-western Poland, on the border of Greater Poland, Lubusz and West Pomeranian Voivodeships.	Drawa National Park	Poland
country	Macarthur Anglican School is an independent, Anglican, co-educational, day school, located in Cobbitty, a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Macarthur Anglican School	Australia
country	Ahwar (Arabic: أحور‎) a town in south-central Yemen.	Ahwar	Yemen
country	The Yamatane Museum (山種美術館, Yamatane Bijutsukan) is a museum in Japan specializing in the nihonga style of Japanese watercolour painting.	Yamatane Museum	Japan
country	Ushite Peak (Bulgarian: Връх Ушите / ``Ears Peak'') is a peak rising to 1,860 metres (6,100 ft) in northern Vitosha Mountain, Bulgaria.	Ushite Peak	Bulgaria
country	Vilnius District Municipality (Lithuanian: Vilniaus rajono savivaldybė; Polish: Samorząd Rejonu Wileńskiego) is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania.	Vilnius District Municipality	Lithuania
country	Now Guran (Persian: نوگوران‎, also Romanized as Now Gūrān) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Now Guran	Iran
country	Te Kaha is a small New Zealand community situated in the Bay of Plenty near Opotiki.	Te Kaha	New Zealand
country	Ağköynək (also, Agkeynak and Ağ Köynək) is a village and municipality in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ağköynək	Azerbaijan
country	Əngəvül (also, Angevul and Angyavul'') is a village in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əngəvül	Azerbaijan
country	The Alpi Cusiane (or Prealpi Cusiane) are a sub-range of the Pennine Alps located in Piemonte (Italy).	Alpi Cusiane	Italy
country	The Château Sainte-Marie is a castle dating from the second half of the 16th century, modified and altered during the 19th century, in the commune of Longages in the Haute-Garonne département of France.	Château Sainte-Marie	France
country	Forsån (Swedish: ``Rapids' Stream'') is a stream in southern Stockholm, Sweden.	Forsån	Sweden
country	The Millstream Falls (Aboriginal: Yindinji), a tiered plunge waterfall on The Millstream, is located in the UNESCO World Heritage--listed Wet Tropics in the Far North region of Queensland, Australia.	Millstream Falls	Australia
country	Witten/Herdecke University (UW/H) is a private university in Witten, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Witten/Herdecke University	Germany
country	Évasion FM (styled EVASION), is a French private regional radio station created in 1983 owned by the HPI Groupe and based at Courcouronnes (France).	Évasion FM	France
country	Mata Abajo is a settlement in Cuba near Guantánamo Bay, located in the municipality of Caimanera, near the borders with Guantánamo.	Mata Abajo	Cuba
country	The Maple Leaf Cricket Club is a cricket club in King City, Ontario, Canada, about 30 kilometres north of Toronto.	Maple Leaf Cricket Club	Canada
country	Tolmachyovo (Russian: Толмачёво) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Luzhsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Luga River, northeast of the town of Luga.	Tolmachyovo	Russia
country	Tharwat (Arabic: ثروت‎) is a neighborhood in Alexandria, Egypt.	Tharwat	Egypt
country	The Garonne (French: Garonne, IPA: (ɡa.ʁɔn); in Occitan, Catalan, Portuguese and Spanish: Garona; Latin: Garumna or Garunna) is a river in southwest France and northern Spain, with a length of 602 kilometres (374 mi).	Garonne	France	Spain
country	The Soot Canal, constructed in 1849, has Norway's oldest sluice gates.	Soot Canal	Norway
country	Waldems is a community in the Rheingau-Taunus-Kreis in the Regierungsbezirk of Darmstadt in Hesse, Germany.	Waldems	Germany
country	Seoul National University Bundang Hospital (분당 서울대병원) is located in Gumi-dong, Bundang, Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Seoul National University Bundang Hospital	South Korea
country	Saskatchewan Hospital was the first mental health hospital to be built in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Saskatchewan Hospital	Canada
country	The Akvitlak Islands are an island group located in the Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Akvitlak Islands	Canada
country	Debeli Rtič (Slovene: Debeli rtič, Italian: Punta Grossa) is a cape in the northern Adriatic Sea on the border between Slovenia and Italy.	Debeli Rtič	Slovenia
country	Sawsiqucha or Sawsi Qucha (Quechua sawsi willow, qucha lake, ``willow lake'', hispanicized spellings and names Sauce, Saucecocha, Sauce Cocha), also locally known as Laguna Azul (English for ``blue lake''), is a lake in Peru.	Sawsiqucha	Peru
country	Qeshlaq-e Quinak (Persian: قشلاق قويينك‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qū’īnak; also known as Qū’īnak) is a village in Behnampazuki-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Quinak	Iran
country	Študa (pronounced (ˈʃtuːda); in older sources also Studa; German: Studa) is a former village that is now part of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Študa	Slovenia
country	The Kakahu River is a river of south Canterbury, New Zealand.	Kakahu River	New Zealand
country	Popular Force (Spanish: Fuerza Popular, FP), until 2012 called Force 2011 (Spanish: Fuerza 2011), is a conservative Fujimorista political party in Peru.	Popular Force	Peru
country	Mungyeong Saejae (Hangul: 문경새재) is a mountain pass in central South Korea.	Mungyeong Saejae	South Korea
country	Haveli Lakha (Punjabi,Urdu: حویلی لكهّا‎) is a city in Depalpur Tehsil of Okara District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Haveli Lakha	Pakistan
country	Komarane (Serbian Cyrillic: Комаране) is a village in Central Serbia (Šumadija), in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač), lying at 43°49′55``N 21°04′40''E, at the elevation of 280 m. According to the 2002 census, the village had 254 citizens.	Komarane	Serbia
country	Faulenrost is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, north-east Germany.	Faulenrost	Germany
country	Bandung Alliance Intercultural School (BAIS) is in Kota Baru Parahyangan, a development on the outskirts of Bandung, Indonesia.	Bandung Alliance Intercultural School	Indonesia
country	Aluchin (Persian: الوچين‎, also Romanized as Ālūchīn) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aluchin	Iran
country	Kudakan (Persian: كودكان‎, also Romanized as Kūdakān) is a village in Machian Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kudakan	Iran
country	Sługocin-Kolonia (swuˈɡɔt͡ɕin kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lądek, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sługocin-Kolonia	Poland
country	Chah-e Bar (Persian: چاه بر‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Bar, Chāh Bar, and Chāh Bor) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Bar	Iran
country	Cabezo de Altomira is a mountain located about 4 km NE of the town of Alfamén, Campo de Cariñena comarca, Aragon, Spain.	Cabezo de Altomira	Spain
country	Thirumarayoor is a small village situated around 7 km from Piravom in the Ernakulam district of Kerala, India.	Thirumarayoor	India
country	Metro Hall is a 27-storey Postmodern office tower at the corner of Wellington and John Streets in Toronto, Canada.	Metro Hall	Canada
country	Dalcombank is one of the largest regional banks of Russia.	Dalcombank	Russia
country	Tropolje or Završje or Western Regions (Croatian: Zapadne strane) is a historical region in Bosnia and Herzegovina that encompasses territory around karst fields of Livno, Duvno and Glamoč.	Tropolje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Zvenigorod (Russian: Звени́город) is an old town in Moscow Oblast, Russia.	Zvenigorod	Russia
country	Şərəfxanlı (also, Şərəfxanli and Sharafkhanly) is a village and municipality in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şərəfxanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Pathum Thani (Thai: ปทุมธานี, pronounced (pā.tʰūm tʰāːnīː)) is a town (thesaban mueang) in central Thailand, directly north of Bangkok.	Pathum Thani	Thailand
country	Súlnasker is a small island in the Vestmann Islands, south of Iceland.	Súlnasker	Iceland
country	Hay-on-Wye is a destination for bibliophiles in the United Kingdom, still with two dozen bookshops, many selling specialist and second-hand books, although the number has declined sharply in recent years, many becoming general antique shops and similar.	Hay-on-Wye	United Kingdom
country	Geelong Airport (IATA: GEX, ICAO: YGLG) was a small airfield specifically for light aircraft located in Mount Duneed, Victoria, Australia.	Geelong Airport	Australia
country	The Kaban Lakes (Russian: Кабан, lit. Boar) are a system of lakes in Kazan, Republic of Tatarstan, Russia that includes Nizhny (Blizhny) Kaban, Verkhny Kaban, and Sredny Kaban.	Kaban Lakes	Russia
country	Dehnow-e Amlak (Persian: دهنواملاك‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Āmlāk; also known as Dehnu-e Āmlāk) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Amlak	Iran
country	Moutoullas (Greek: Μουτουλλάς (locally (mutuˈlːas))) is a mountain village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, at an elevation of 800 m (2,600 ft) in Marathasa Valley.	Moutoullas	Cyprus
country	Sartory-Saal is a concert hall located in Innenstadt, Cologne, Germany.	Sartory-Saal	Germany
country	Dreamworld's 30th Birthday was celebrated throughout 2011 at the Dreamworld amusement park on the Gold Coast, Australia.	Dreamworld's 30th Birthday	Australia
country	Bachalpsee or Bachse is a lake with an area of 8.06 ha (19.9 acres) close to the First (which can be reached with a cable car) above Grindelwald in the Bernese Oberland, Switzerland.	Bachalpsee	Switzerland
country	Hum Hum is a waterfall in Moulvibazar, Bangladesh.	Hum Hum	Bangladesh
country	The Museo de la Estampa (Museum of Graphic Arts) is a museum in Mexico City, dedicated to the history, preservation and promotion of Mexican graphic arts.	Museo de la Estampa	Mexico
country	Kuźniaki (kuʑˈɲaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strawczyn, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kuźniaki	Poland
country	Munkerup is a coastal district of Hornbæk-Dronningmølle in the north of Zealand, Denmark.	Munkerup	Denmark
country	Frluga (pronounced (fəɾˈluːɡa); in older sources also Ferluga) is a small settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia.	Frluga	Slovenia
country	The Médanos Isthmus is a sandy isthmus in Venezuela that connects the Paraguaná Peninsula with the rest of Falcón State.	Médanos Isthmus	Venezuela
country	Maro River flows in Merauke Regency, Papua Province, Indonesia.	Maro River	Indonesia
country	Quchash (Persian: قوچاش‎, also Romanized as Qūchāsh) is a village in Hajjilar-e Shomali Rural District, Hajjilar District, Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Quchash	Iran
country	Merkaz Yael is a communal settlement in the Ta'anakh region in northern Israel.	Merkaz Yael	Israel
country	Chippenham Lodge is a heritage building in the Christchurch, New Zealand suburb of St Albans.	Chippenham Lodge	New Zealand
country	Sostis (Greek: Σώστης; Turkish: Susurköy) is a village and a former municipality in the Rhodope regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Sostis	Greece
country	The 1627 Gargano earthquake struck Gargano, southern Italy at about mid-day on 30 July 1627.	1627 Gargano earthquake	Italy
country	Cutupú is a small town in the northern part of La Vega Province in the Dominican Republic.	Cutupú	Dominican Republic
country	The University of Nariño (Spanish: Universidad de Nariño), also called Udenar, is a public, coeducational, research university based primarily in the city of Pasto, Nariño, Colombia.	University of Nariño	Colombia
country	Malfejan Rural District (Persian: دهستان مالفجان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Malfejan Rural District	Iran
country	Krnov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkr̩nof); Silesian: Karńůw, German: Jägerndorf, Polish: Karniów, Latin: Carnovia) is an Upper Silesian town in the northeastern Czech Republic, in the Moravian-Silesian Region, the District of Bruntál, on the Opava River, near the Polish border.	Krnov	Czech Republic
country	Chincheros Province is the smallest of seven provinces of the Apurímac Region in Peru.	Chincheros Province	Peru
country	The Ouarsenis or Ouanchariss (Arabic: الونشريس‎ El Ouanchariss or Al-Wansharis, Berber: Ouarsnis, meaning ``nothing higher'' in the Berber language) is a range of mountains in North-Western Algeria.	Ouarsenis	Algeria
country	The Gold Coast Marathon (branded Gold Coast Airport Marathon for sponsorship reasons) is an annual marathon race on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Gold Coast Marathon	Australia
country	Kyaiklat (Burmese: ကျိုက်လတ်မြို့) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar.	Kyaiklat	Myanmar
country	Rzepniki (ʐɛpˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rzepniki	Poland
country	Published continually since February 1916, the School Magazine is the oldest magazine in Australia and the longest running literary magazine for children in the world.	School Magazine	Australia
country	Türi-Alliku (German: Allenküll) is a village in Türi Parish, Järva County in central Estonia.	Türi-Alliku	Estonia
country	Cagayan (/kɑːɡəˈjɑːn/ kah-gə-YAHN) is a province of the Philippines in the Cagayan Valley region in the northeast of Luzon Island, and includes the Babuyan Islands to the north.	Cagayan	Philippines
country	Melechinnar is a small village in Idukki district of Kerala, India and is situated on the banks of a small river, the Chinnar.	Melechinnar	India
country	Katyn war cemetery (Polish: Polski Cmentarz Wojenny w Katyniu) is a Polish military cemetery located in Katyn, a small village 22 kilometres away from Smolensk, Russia, on the road to Vitebsk.	Katyn war cemetery	Russia
country	St. John's Lough (Irish: Loch Eoin), also known as St. John's Lake, is a freshwater lake in the northwest of Ireland.	St. John's Lough	Ireland
country	Taulaga is the only village in Swains Island, American Samoa, except for Etena, which is almost deserted.	Taulaga	American Samoa
country	Borlänge (ˈboːˈɭɛŋːə) is a locality and the seat of Borlänge Municipality in Dalarna County, Sweden, with 41,734 inhabitants in 2010.	Borlänge	Sweden
country	The Royal Zoological Society of New South Wales (RZSNSW) was formed in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia in 1879 as the New South Wales Zoological Society.	Royal Zoological Society of New South Wales	Australia
country	Castle Bruce is a village on the east coast of Dominica.	Castle Bruce	Dominica
country	The Monastery of Al-Karkas is a monastery in Egypt.	Monastery of Al-Karkas	Egypt
country	Hrebienok is a small ski resort in the Tatra Mountains, in northern Slovakia.	Hrebienok	Slovakia
country	Tayabamba is a city in Northern Peru, capital of the province Pataz in the region La Libertad.	Tayabamba	Peru
country	Kungsholmens gymnasium is an upper secondary school (Swedish: gymnasium) located on the island of Kungsholmen in Stockholm, Sweden.	Kungsholmens gymnasium	Sweden
country	Baie des Trépassés (Breton: Bae an Anaon, French: Baie des Trépassés), or the Bay of the Dead, is a bay on Cap Sizun on the west coast of Finistère, in Brittany, France.	Baie des Trépassés	France
country	Cruz de Pau is a locality in the parish of Amora, in the municipality of Seixal in Portugal.	Cruz de Pau	Portugal
country	The Baily Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the southeastern part of Howth Head in Dublin, Ireland.	Baily Lighthouse	Ireland
country	Donkmeer (meer is 'lake' in Dutch) is a lake in Belgium.	Donkmeer	Belgium
country	Kotrtas or Qotyrtas is a village in the Aktobe Region of western Kazakhstan.	Kotrtas	Kazakhstan
country	Keyline design was developed in Australia by farmer and engineer P. A. Yeomans, and described and explained in his books The Keyline Plan, The Challenge of Landscape, Water For Every Farm, and The City Forest.	Keyline design	Australia
country	Khudabad railway station (Urdu: خداباد ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located District Dadu of Province Sind in Pakistan.	Khudabad railway station	Pakistan
country	Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office, Berlin (HKETO Berlin) commenced operation in Berlin, Germany in March 2009.	Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office, Berlin	Germany
country	The Sind Valley is a Himalayan sub-valley of the Kashmir Valley in the State of Jammu and Kashmir of India.	Sind Valley	India
country	Lake Hillier is a saline lake on the edge of Middle Island, the largest of the islands and islets that make up the Recherche Archipelago in the Goldfields-Esperance region, off the south coast of Western Australia.	Lake Hillier	Australia
country	Świedziebnia (ɕfjɛˈd͡ʑɛbɲa) (German: Schwetheim) is a village in Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Świedziebnia	Poland
country	Spyken is an upper secondary school (gymnasieskola) in Lund, Sweden.	Spyken	Sweden
country	Bijar Boneh-ye Pain (Persian: بيجاربنه پايين‎, also Romanized as Bījār Boneh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Bījār Boneh) is a village in Layalestan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bijar Boneh-ye Pain	Iran
country	La Queue-en-Brie (French pronunciation: ​(la kø ɑ̃ bʁi)) is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, France.	La Queue-en-Brie	France
country	Pötschen Pass (el. 993 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps between the Bundesländer of Upper Austria and Styria.	Pötschen Pass	Austria
country	Sass Rigais (3,025 m) is a mountain of the northwestern Dolomites in South Tyrol, northern Italy.	Sass Rigais	Italy
country	Krajné Čierno (Rusyn: Крайнэ Чорне, Hungarian: Végcsarnó) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.	Krajné Čierno	Slovakia
country	Ler Station (Norwegian: Ler stasjon) is a railway station in the village of Ler in the municipality of Melhus in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Ler Station	Norway
country	Uppland Runic Inscription 80 or U 80 is the Rundata catalog listing for a Viking Age memorial runic inscription that is located in Sundby, which is in Solna Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden, and in the historic province of Uppland.	Uppland Runic Inscription 80	Sweden
country	Fulginiae or Fulginium (modern Foligno) was an ancient town of Umbria, Italy, on the later line of the Via Flaminia, c. 20 km S of Nuceria (Nocera Umbra).	Fulginiae	Italy
country	Barcice Rososkie (barˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ rɔˈsɔskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Barcice Rososkie	Poland
country	Piedramillera is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, Northern Spain.	Piedramillera	Spain
country	Vizaran (Persian: ويزران‎, also Romanized as Vīzarān) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Vizaran	Iran
country	The North Tasmania Cricket Association Ground, better known as the NTCA Ground, is the oldest first-class cricket ground in Australia.	NTCA Ground	Australia
country	Marden Henge (also known as Hatfield Earthworks) is the largest Neolithic henge enclosure discovered to date in the United Kingdom.	Marden Henge	United Kingdom
country	Los Guayes Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Los Guayes, ICAO: SCGY) is a public use airport located 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-southeast of Cunco, La Araucanía, Chile.	Los Guayes Airport	Chile
country	Kleinwallstadt is a market community in the Miltenberg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany and the seat of the like-named Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (Administrative Community).	Kleinwallstadt	Germany
country	Mundia Jageer is the most developed town in the Bareilly District of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Mundia Jageer	India
country	East Ujimqin Banner (Mongolian: ᠵᠡᠭᠦᠨ ᠤᠵᠤᠮᠤᠴᠢᠨ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Jegün Ujumučin qosiɣu; simplified Chinese: 东乌珠穆沁旗; traditional Chinese: 東烏珠穆沁旗; pinyin: Dōng Wūzhūmùqìn Qí) is a banner in the northeast of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.	East Ujimqin Banner	People's Republic of China
country	Dębniczka (dɛmbˈnit͡ʂka) (German: Damnitzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dębniczka	Poland
country	The 1975 South Pacific Games, held in Guam from 1 to 10 August 1975, was the fifth edition of the South Pacific Games.	1975 South Pacific Games	Guam
country	The 107 residents of Ganim were evicted from their homes and their houses razed as part of Israel's disengagement of 2005.	Ganim	Israel
country	Mazar-e Garmi (Persian: مزارع گرمي‎, also Romanized as Mazārʿ-e Garmī) is a village in Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mazar-e Garmi	Iran
country	Franek is the oldest oil shaft in the world, located in the village of Bóbrka Poland.	Franek	Poland
country	Urad Front Banner (Mongolian: ᠤᠷᠠᠳ ᠤᠨ ᠡᠮᠦᠨᠡᠳᠦ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Urad-un Emünedü Qosiɣu; simplified Chinese: 乌拉特前旗; traditional Chinese: 烏拉特前旗; pinyin: Wūlātè Qián Qí) is a banner of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.	Urad Front Banner	People's Republic of China
country	Kapoeta South County is an administrative region in Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan, with headquarters in Kapoeta town.	Kapoeta South County	South Sudan
country	District Jail Kasur is an ancient jail in Kasur, Pakistan.	District Jail Kasur	Pakistan
country	Atemajac de Brizuela is a small town in the southeast sierra of Jalisco, Mexico, 64 km southwest of Guadalajara, between Highways 80 and 401.	Atemajac de Brizuela	Mexico
country	Huvudstabron (Swedish: ``The Huvudsta Bridge'') is a bridge in Sweden.	Huvudstabron	Sweden
country	Babljak (Serbian: Бабљак) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Babljak	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kohanabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان كهن آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kohanabad District, Aradan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kohanabad Rural District	Iran
country	Gorzkowice (ɡɔʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gorzkowice	Poland
country	Lemmer (West Frisian: De Lemmer) is a town in the municipality of De Friese Meren (province of Friesland), in the Netherlands.	Lemmer	Netherlands
country	Spoleto Cathedral (Italian: Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta; Duomo di Spoleto) is the cathedral of the Archdiocese of Spoleto-Norcia created in 1821, previously that of the diocese of Spoleto, and the principal church of the Umbrian city of Spoleto, in Italy.	Spoleto Cathedral	Italy
country	Wojsławy (vɔi̯ˈswavɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wojsławy	Poland
country	The Malagasy Academy (Académie Malgache) is a public institution in Madagascar responsible for the study of the country's culture and customs, including studies in Madagascar's linguistics, ethnology and sociology, as well as literary, artistic, historical, and scientific issues.	Malagasy Academy	Madagascar
country	Arva Road railway station in County Cavan, Ireland was a former station on the Killashandra branch of the Midland Great Western Railway, Ireland.	Arva Road railway station	Ireland
country	Valka Town Theatre (Latvian: Valkas pilsētas teātris) is one of the oldest theatres in Latvia, in the town of Valka, North Vidzeme.	Valka Town Theatre	Latvia
country	Girona (English /dʒiˈroʊnə/, Catalan: (ʒiˈɾonə), Spanish: Gerona (xeˈɾona)) is a city in the northeast of the Autonomous Community of Catalonia in Spain, at the confluence of the rivers Ter, Onyar, Galligants, and Güell and has an official population of 96,722 as of January 2011.	Girona	Spain
country	Navrški Vrh (pronounced (ˈnaːʋəɾʃki ˈʋəɾx)) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills immediately south of Ravne na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia.	Navrški Vrh	Slovenia
country	Aalborg Stiftstidende was a Danish language newspaper based in Aalborg, Denmark.	Aalborg Stiftstidende	Denmark
country	The Sierra Madre de Oaxaca is a mountain range in southern Mexico.	Sierra Madre de Oaxaca	Mexico
country	Glenmalure Park, often simply known as ``Milltown'', was a football stadium on the Southside of Dublin city in Ireland.	Glenmalure Park	Ireland
country	The Karachi Golf Club, is a golf course situated in Karsaz, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Karachi Golf Club	Pakistan
country	Andøya Air Station (Norwegian: Andøya Flystasjon) is situated in the north of Norway, in the municipality of Andøy.	Andøya Air Station	Norway
country	Baghanis (Armenian: Բաղանիս, also Romanized as Baganis) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.	Baghanis	Armenia
country	Makalali Conservancy, also known as the Greater Makalali Private Game Reserve, is situated west of Phalaborwa, and north of Hoedspruit, in the Limpopo province, South Africa, and has an area of about 24,500 Ha.	Makalali Conservancy	South Africa
country	The Market of San Miguel (Spanish: Mercado de San Miguel) is a market located in Madrid, Spain.	Market of San Miguel	Spain
country	Garbatka-Letnisko (ɡarˈbatka lɛtˈniskɔ) (Letnisko means summer resort) is a village in Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Garbatka-Letnisko	Poland
country	Wągrowiec (vɔŋˈɡrɔvjɛt͡s) is a town in northwestern Poland, 50 kilometres (31 miles) from both Poznań and Bydgoszcz.	Wągrowiec	Poland
country	The Finnish Defence Forces (Finnish: Puolustusvoimat, Swedish: Försvarsmakten) are responsible for the defence of Finland.	Finnish Defence Forces	Finland
country	Widely regarded as one of India's finest academic institutions in social sciences, especially in the discipline of Economics, the Delhi School of Economics is situated in University of Delhi's North Campus in Maurice Nagar, amidst a host of other prestigious academic institutions of the country.	Delhi School of Economics	India
country	The Pilanesberg Game Reserve is located in North West Province in South Africa, west of Pretoria.	Pilanesberg Game Reserve	South Africa
country	Alindao is a town and sub-prefecture located in the Central African Republic prefecture of Basse-Kotto.	Alindao	Central African Republic
country	Seyl Klang (Persian: سیل کلنگ‎) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seyl Klang	Iran
country	Cockscomb Pass (70°33′03``N 070°31′50''W) is a mountain pass in the central Baffin Mountains, Nunavut, Canada.	Cockscomb Pass	Canada
country	The Manuel Dorrego national institute (full name: ``Manuel Dorrego national institute of Argentine and Iberoamerican historical revisionism'', Spanish: Instituto Nacional de Revisionismo Histórico Argentino e Iberoamericano Manuel Dorrego) was an institute of Argentina focused in the historiography of Manuel Dorrego.	Manuel Dorrego national institute	Argentina
country	The Sierra San Luis range is a mountain range in northwest Chihuahua, northeast Sonora, Mexico at the northern region of the Sierra Madre Occidental cordillera.	Sierra San Luis	Mexico
country	Nahuel Huapi Lake (Spanish: Lago Nahuel Huapí) is a lake in the lake region of northern Patagonia between the provinces of Río Negro and Neuquén, in Argentina.	Nahuel Huapi Lake	Argentina
country	Chornukhyne (Ukrainian: Чорнухине) is an urban-type settlement in Popasna Raion (district) of Luhansk Oblast in eastern Ukraine.	Chornukhyne	Ukraine
country	Pingshi Prison (simplified Chinese: 坪石监狱; traditional Chinese: 坪石監獄; pinyin: Píngshí Jiānyù) is a prison outside Pingshi Town, Lechang City, Guangdong Province, People's Republic of China connected to the Guangbei Tea Farm (广北茶场).	Pingshi Prison	People's Republic of China
country	The Sankenbachsee is a tarn southwest of Baiersbronn in the Black Forest in southwestern Germany.	Sankenbachsee	Germany
country	Galipe (Greek: Γάλιπε, pronounced ``Galipae'') is a village in Episkopi's municipality, Pediada's province, in Heraklion, Crete, Greece.	Galipe	Greece
country	Donji Klakar (Serbian: Доњи Клакар) is a village in the municipality of Brod, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donji Klakar	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Gülhane Park (Turkish: Gülhane Parkı, ``Rosehouse Park''; from Persian: گلخانه Gulkhāna, ``house of flowers'') is a historical urban park in the Eminönü district of Istanbul, Turkey; it is located adjacent to and on the grounds of the Topkapı Palace.	Gülhane Park	Turkey
country	The National Cycle Route 13 is a cycling route that is part of the National Cycle Network in the United Kingdom.	National Cycle Route 13	United Kingdom
country	Saint-Michel-de-Bellechasse is a municipality of about 1,800 people about 20 km east of Lévis, in Bellechasse Regional County Municipality in the Chaudière-Appalaches region of Quebec, Canada.	Saint-Michel-de-Bellechasse	Canada
country	Shiraz University (Persian: دانشگاه شیراز‎‎ Dāneshgāh-e-Shirāz), formerly known as Pahlavi University, is a public university located in Shiraz, Iran.	Shiraz University	Iran
country	Pervomaiskyi (Ukrainian: Первомайський) is a city in Kharkiv Oblast (province) of Ukraine, formerly known as Likhachova.	Pervomaiskyi	Ukraine
country	Shokalsky Island (Russian: Остров Шокальского) is an island in the Kara Sea, in Russia.	Shokalsky Island	Russia
country	Villa Saetta is a large house located in Monteroni di Lecce, Apulia, southern Italy, originally built by the local lords as their manor house.	Villa Saetta	Italy
country	El Infiernito (Spanish for ``The Little Hell''), is a pre-Columbian Muisca site located at the outskirts of Villa de Leyva, Boyacá Department, Colombia.	El Infiernito	Colombia
country	Bucholz Army Airfield (IATA: KWA, ICAO: PKWA, FAA LID: KWA) is a United States Army airfield located on Kwajalein Island, Kwajalein Atoll, Marshall Islands.	Bucholz Army Airfield	Marshall Islands
country	The Clubes Island (Portuguese: Ilha dos Clubes) is the smallest of the three islands of Lake Paranoá in Brasília, Distrito Federal, Brazil.	Clubes Island	Brazil
country	Nitassinan is the ancestral homeland of the Innu, an indigenous people of Eastern Quebec and Labrador, Canada.	Nitassinan	Canada
country	Dramešina (Serbian Cyrillic: Драмешина) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dramešina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Qadehar (Persian: قادهار‎, also Romanized as Qādehār) is a village in Sarkhun Rural District, Qaleh Qazi District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Qadehar	Iran
country	Pierzchnianka (pjɛʂxˈɲaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pierzchnica, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Pierzchnianka	Poland
country	Moussakuy is a town in the Sanaba Department of Banwa Province in western Burkina Faso.	Moussakuy	Burkina Faso
country	Puistomäki (Finnish; Parkbacken in Swedish) is a district in the Uittamo-Skanssi ward of the city of Turku, in Finland.	Puistomäki	Finland
country	Pimpalkutti is a village and a railway station in Yavatmal district of Maharashtra State in India.	Pimpalkutti	India
country	The Ahuriri River is a river in the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand.	Ahuriri River	New Zealand
country	Eyvanki (Persian: ايوانكی‎‎, Tati: ایوان‌کی), also Romanized as Eyvane Kay, Eyvānkī, Aivaneki, Aivan-e Ki, and Eyvānakī; also known as Aivān-i-Kaif) is a city in and capital of Eyvanki District, Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Eyvanki	Iran
country	Fort de l'Isle is a site in Alberta, Canada, containing the remains of three trading posts that existed from 1799 to some time before 1808.	Fort de l'Isle	Canada
country	Bois-de-l'Île-Bizard Nature Park (French: Parc-nature du Bois-de-l'Île-Bizard) is a large park in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Bois-de-l'Île-Bizard Nature Park	Canada
country	Mahates is a river town and municipality located in the Bolívar Department, northern Colombia.	Mahates	Colombia
country	The Sitlika Range is a subrange of the Hogem Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, bounded by the Fall River and Ogden Creek in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Sitlika Range	Canada
country	Nam Nam Chah (Persian: نم نم چه‎) is a village in Shahi Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nam Nam Chah	Iran
country	King Khalid University (KKU; Arabic: جامعة الملك خالد‎) is a public university, distributed over several towns in the 'Asir Province in south-west Saudi Arabia, including Abha and al-Namas.	King Khalid University	Saudi Arabia
country	The Sachsenbrunnen is an enclosed spring at the Säperstelle near Bad Harzburg in the Harz Mountains of Germany.	Sachsenbrunnen	Germany
country	Aquincum Institute of Technology (AIT) is a study abroad opportunity for North American undergraduates in Budapest, Hungary.	Aquincum Institute of Technology	Hungary
country	The Palazzo dell'Arte dei Beccai or Residenza dell'Arte dei Beccai is a fourteenth-century building in Florence, Italy.	Palazzo dell'Arte dei Beccai	Italy
country	Liceo Claudio Arrau León (English: Claudio Arrau León High School) is a Chilean high school located in Doñihue, Cachapoal Province, Chile.	Liceo Claudio Arrau León	Chile
country	Gimmeldingen is a village of 2636 inhabitants (as of 2004) and part of the town of Neustadt an der Weinstraße in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Gimmeldingen	Germany
country	Kaštel Žegarski (German: Schegar) is a village in northern Dalmatia which lies within the administrative area of Obrovac in Zadar County, Croatia.	Kaštel Žegarski	Croatia
country	Gerd Poshteh (Persian: گردپشته‎; also known as Gerdeh Poshteh, Gerdū Poshteh, and Sargerdū Poshteh) is a village in Blukat Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gerd Poshteh	Iran
country	Ponętów Górny Pierwszy (pɔˈnɛntuf ˈɡurnɨ ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszówka, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ponętów Górny Pierwszy	Poland
country	St. Birgitta's Church is a wooden church in the city of Nykarleby, Ostrobothnia, Finland.	St. Birgitta's Church	Finland
country	Tor zur Dübener Heide (``Gateway to the Düben Heath'') was a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (``administrative community'') in the district of Wittenberg, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Tor zur Dübener Heide	Germany
country	The Foča Hydro Power Plant should be one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant, if built, having an installed electric capacity of 56 MW.	Foča Hydro Power Plant	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Eindhoven Museum is an archaeological open-air museum in Eindhoven, Netherlands, focusing on the Iron Age and Middle Ages in the province of North Brabant.	Eindhoven Museum	Netherlands
country	Muxas (also, Mukhas) is a village and municipality in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Muxas	Azerbaijan
country	The Macedonian Alliance for European Integration (Macedonian Party) (Macedonian: Македонска Алијанса за Европска Интеграција Albanian: Aleanca Maqedonase për Integrimin Europian) is a political party of the ethnic Macedonians in Albania.	Macedonian Alliance for European Integration	Albania
country	Pir Bagh (Persian: پيرباغ‎, also Romanized as Pīr Bāgh) is a village in Gavrud Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Pir Bagh	Iran
country	Miletina (Serbian: Милетина) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Miletina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	During the 1950s Lutheran Church of Australia properly established an Aboriginal mission on the Bloomfield River, into which the remnant Kuku Nyungkal population still living on their country were moved.	Kuku Nyungkal	Australia
country	The Sydney Private Hospital is a private hospital located in the inner-western Sydney suburb of Ashfield, Australia.	Sydney Private Hospital	Australia
country	The City of Ottawa (French: Ville d'Ottawa) is the corporate entity of municipal government in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	City of Ottawa	Canada
country	Luwu Regency (Kabupaten Luwu in Indonesian) is a regency of South Sulawesi Province, Indonesia.	Luwu Regency	Indonesia
country	Valdost (Russian: Валдость) is the rural locality (a village) in Tikhvinsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on Lake Bolshaya Valdost at a height of 131 meters (430 ft) above sea level.	Valdost	Russia
country	Timbuktu Airport (IATA: TOM, ICAO: GATB) is an airport in Timbuktu, Mali opened on April 15, 1961.	Timbuktu Airport	Mali
country	The Magerrain is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Glarus and St. Gallen in Eastern Switzerland.	Magerrain	Switzerland
country	Ladysmith Airport (IATA: LAY, ICAO: FALY) is an airport serving Ladysmith, a city in the KwaZulu-Natal province in South Africa.	Ladysmith Airport	South Africa
country	Leivi is a town and comune in the province of Genoa, in the Liguria region of northwest Italy.	Leivi	Italy
country	Lysianka (Ukrainian: Лисянка) is an urban-type settlement located in Cherkasy Oblast (province) in central Ukraine.	Lysianka	Ukraine
country	Spanish Society of Authors and Publishers (Sociedad General de Autores y Editores, SGAE) is the main collecting society for songwriters, composers and music publishers in Spain.	Sociedad General de Autores y Editores	Spain
country	Kazuma Pan National Park is situated in Zimbabwe's extreme north-western corner.	Kazuma Pan National Park	Zimbabwe
country	Gulczanka is a river of Poland, a tributary of the Noteć which it meets in the village of Gulcz.	Gulczanka	Poland
country	Svanevatn (Norwegian for ``Swan Lake''; Finnish: Salmijärvi, ``Strait Lake'') is a lake on the border between Norway and Russia.	Svanevatn	Norway	Russia
country	Kazh Deh (Persian: كژده‎) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kazh Deh	Iran
country	Tsamantas lies near to the border with Albania in northern Greece, in the regional unit of Thesprotia.	Tsamantas	Greece
country	The Basilica of St. Urbain, Troyes (French: Basilique Saint-Urbain de Troyes), formerly the Église Saint-Urbain, is a massive medieval church in the city of Troyes, France.	Basilica of St. Urbain, Troyes	France
country	Point Nepean marks the southern point of The Rip (the entrance to Port Phillip) and the most westerly point of the Mornington Peninsula, in Victoria, Australia.	Point Nepean	Australia
country	Bouchette is a municipality in the geographic centre of the La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality, Quebec, Canada, 75 kilometres (47 mi) north of Gatineau.	Bouchette	Canada
country	Île-aux-Moines (Enizenac'h in Breton; the name means island of the monk(s)) is a commune in the Morbihan department in the region of Brittany in north-western France.	Île-aux-Moines	France
country	Quedlinburg Abbey (German: Stift Quedlinburg or Reichsstift Quedlinburg) was a house of secular canonesses (Frauenstift) in Quedlinburg, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Quedlinburg Abbey	Germany
country	Canoa Quebrada (meaning broken canoe in Portuguese), known as the pearl of the east coast of Ceará, Brazil, is an international tourist beach resort 164 km from Fortaleza, in the municipality of Aracati.	Canoa Quebrada	Brazil
country	The English Defence League (EDL) is a far-right street protest movement which focuses on opposition to what it considers to be a spread of Islamism and Sharia in the United Kingdom.	English Defence League	United Kingdom
country	The Christian Social Democratic Party (Partido Social Democrata Cristão) is a christian democrat political party in Brazil.	Christian Social Democratic Party	Brazil
country	Nakhla Dam is a rock-filled embankment dam in northern Morocco, to the southeast of El Hamma.	Nakhla Dam	Morocco
country	The Holy Father John Paul II Family Home in Wadowice, Poland was the family home and birthplace of Karol Józef Wojtyła, who was elected Pope John Paul II in 1978, and canonised after his death.	Holy Father John Paul II Family Home in Wadowice	Poland
country	Barri Sharqi (Arabic: بري شرقي‎) also spelled Berri Sharqi) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located east of Hama at the edge of the Syrian Desert.	Barri Sharqi	Syria
country	The Mytilini Strait is a strait in the Aegean Sea that separates the Greek island of Lesbos from Turkey.	Mytilini Strait	Turkey
country	Kalikata (Bengali: কলিকাতা) was one of the three villages which were merged to form the city of Kolkata (formerly, Calcutta) in India.	Kalikata	India
country	As of 2001 India census, Kalliasseri had a population of 25005 and the projected population for 2010 is 28,066.	Kalliasseri	India
country	Stavrokonnou (Greek: Σταυροκόννου) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 12 km north of Kouklia.	Stavrokonnou	Cyprus
country	Telč (Czech pronunciation: (tɛltʃ); German: Teltsch) is a town in southern Moravia, near Jihlava, in the Czech Republic.	Telč	Czech Republic
country	The Kondara Gorge is the gorge of the Kondara River in the southern spurs of the Gissar Range, north of Dushanbe in the Varzob District, one of the Districts of Republican Subordination, in western Tajikistan.	Kondara Gorge	Tajikistan
country	The Palazzo Sclafani is a palace in Palermo, southern Italy, situated near the city's cathedral and the Palazzo dei Normanni.	Palazzo Sclafani	Italy
country	Bahadur Pur is a Town and Union Council of Jalalpur Pirwala, in Pakistan, near Shujaabād.There is a College for secondary education name Government Higher Secondary School Bahadur Pur .	Bahadur Pur	Pakistan
country	The Wanshan Archipelago (which means Myriad Islands Archipelago), sometimes referred to as the Ladrones Islands (Thieves Islands), is a 104-island archipelago that is part of the Xiangzhou District of Zhuhai Municipality in Guangdong Province, People's Republic of China.	Wanshan Archipelago	People's Republic of China
country	Sea Lake Airport (ICAO: YSLK) is located at Sea Lake, Victoria, Australia.	Sea Lake Airport	Australia
country	Koeru is a small borough in Koeru Parish, Järva County in northern-central Estonia.	Koeru	Estonia
country	Indispensable Strait is a waterway in the Solomon Islands, running about 200 km northwest-southeast from Santa Isabel to Makira (San Cristóbal), between the Florida Islands and Guadalcanal to the southwest, and Malaita to the northeast.	Indispensable Strait	Solomon Islands
country	Barganse is a small village in the Zabré Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso.	Barganse	Burkina Faso
country	Villa Della Porta Bozzolo is a villa located at Casalzuigno in the province of Varese, northern Italy.	Villa Della Porta Bozzolo	Italy
country	Pasažieru vilciens (``Passenger train'', abbreviated: PV) is the only passenger-carrying railway company in Latvia, operating both electric and diesel trains on various lines throughout the country.	Pasažieru vilciens	Latvia
country	Ammersee (English: Lake Ammer) is a Zungenbecken lake in Upper Bavaria, Germany, southwest of Munich between the towns of Herrsching and Dießen am Ammersee.	Ammersee	Germany
country	Bay Central is a complex of three towers in Dubai Marina in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Bay Central	United Arab Emirates
country	Manikbhandar is a locality in Nizamabad city of Telangana state, India.	Manikbhandar	India
country	Bo-Dzhausa Mountain (Russian: Бо-Джауса) is a volcanic mountain in Primorye, Russia and a part of the Sikhote-Alin mountain range.	Bo-Dzhausa Mountain	Russia
country	Hannassa is a historic town in southern Somalia.	Hannassa	Somalia
country	Hamburg-Mitte (approximate translation: Hamburg center) is one of the seven boroughs of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg, Germany, covering most of the city's urban center.	Hamburg-Mitte	Germany
country	Sennheiser is headquartered in the municipality of Wedemark, Germany (near Hannover).	Sennheiser	Germany
country	Salim Saghul (Persian: سليم ساغول‎, also Romanized as Salīm Sāghūl; also known as Salīm Sāghlū and Salīmsāghlū) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Salim Saghul	Iran
country	Jafarlu (Persian: جعفرلو‎, also Romanized as Ja``farlū) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 106, in 23 families.	Jafarlu	Iran
country	Ringsjön is a lake situated in the middle of Skåne County, Sweden.	Ringsjön	Sweden
country	The Protestant church of Deinum or Saint John the Baptist church is a religious building in Deinum, Netherlands, one of the medieval churches in Friesland.	Protestant church of Deinum	Netherlands
country	The Y River (Russian: река Ы) is a river in the north of Russia.	Y River	Russia
country	Indramayu is the capital of Indramayu Regency in the West Java province of Indonesia, and located in the north coastal area of West Java, east from Jakarta, north-east from the city of Bandung, and north-west of the city of Cirebon.	Indramayu	Indonesia
country	Norman Wells Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CEU8), is located 3.5 nautical miles (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) south-southeast of Norman Wells, Northwest Territories, Canada on D.O.T. Lake and is open from June until September.	Norman Wells Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Manjakuppam (Tamil: மஞ்சகுப்பம்) is one of the three large divisions in the town of Cuddalore, India.	Manjakuppam	India
country	Kadanwari قادن واری is a town in the Khairpur خیرپورمیرس District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Kadanwari	Pakistan
country	Singu is a town in the Mandalay Division of central Myanmar.	Singu	Myanmar
country	Duzaj Rural District (Persian: دهستان دوزج‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kharqan District, Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Duzaj Rural District	Iran
country	Mazzorbo is an island in the northern Venetian Lagoon, northern Italy, linked to Burano by a bridge.	Mazzorbo	Italy
country	FK Sileks (Macedonian: ФК Силекс) is a football club based in Kratovo, Republic of Macedonia who play in the Macedonian First League.	FK Sileks	Macedonia
country	Col de Pierre Pertuis (el. 827 m.) is a mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Col de Pierre Pertuis	Switzerland
country	Dohazari is a village in southeast Bangladesh.	Dohazari	Bangladesh
country	Chang-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Dobong-gu in Seoul, South Korea	Chang-dong	South Korea
country	Graikos (Greek: Γραικός) is a village in the municipal unit of Falaisia, Arcadia, Greece.	Graikos	Greece
country	Azatamut (Armenian: Ազատամուտ) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.	Azatamut	Armenia
country	Boracifero Lake is a lake in the comune of Monterotondo Marittimo, in the Province of Grosseto, Tuscany, Italy.	Boracifero Lake	Italy
country	Sarakhs (Persian: سرخس‎, also Romanized as Serakhs) is a city in and capital of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sarakhs	Iran
country	Gettlinge is a village in the southwest portion of the island of Öland, Sweden.	Gettlinge	Sweden
country	Jardim Itu-Sabará is a neighbourhood (bairro) in the city of Porto Alegre, the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Jardim Itu-Sabará	Brazil
country	Kvarte is a village within the municipality of Perušić in Lika-Senj County, Croatia.	Kvarte	Croatia
country	Slovenska Bistrica (pronounced (slɔˈʋeːnska ˈbiːstritsa)) is a town south of Maribor in eastern Slovenia.	Slovenska Bistrica	Slovenia
country	Chalehelyas (Persian: چاله الياس‎, also Romanized as Chālehelyās) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District, Ahmadi District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chalehelyas	Iran
country	Nadinići (Serbian Cyrillic: Надинићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Nadinići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Sir William Osler High School is a high school in Scarborough, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, named after Sir William Osler, a Canadian doctor and medical educator.	Sir William Osler High School	Canada
country	Madhapuram is a small village located around 16 km from Khammam district headquarters in Telangana State, India, and 200 km from Hyderabad.	Madhapuram	India
country	Lavandevil (Persian: لوندويل‎, also Romanized as Lavandevīl, Lavandavil, and Lavandvīl; also known as Bāzar-e Lavandvīl, Landvīl-e Sabalī, and Lavandvīl-e Sabalī) is a city in and the capital of Lavandevil District, in Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lavandevil	Iran
country	The Saint-Nicolas-de-Campagnac Bridge (French Pont Saint-Nicolas-de-Campagnac) is an arch bridge crossing the Gardon, and located near Sainte-Anastasie, in the Gard département of southern France.	Saint-Nicolas-de-Campagnac Bridge	France
country	Hallunda is a part of Botkyrka Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden.	Hallunda	Sweden
country	The Canadian International Organ Competition (CIOC) (French: Concours international d’orgue du Canada) is an organisation devoted to the promotion of organ music.	Canadian International Organ Competition	Canada
country	Navadra is a volcanic island located in the Mamanuca Group of Fiji.	Navadra	Fiji
country	Marchwacz-Kolonia (ˈmarxfat͡ʂ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Marchwacz-Kolonia	Poland
country	Dereše (Hungarian: Deres, 2,004 m) is the third highest peak of the Low Tatra range, in central Slovakia.	Dereše	Slovakia
country	Aezkoa Valley is an administrative unit of Navarre, Spain.	Aezkoa	Spain
country	Nazrul Mancha is an auditorium in Kolkata, India.	Nazrul Mancha	India
country	Camaragibe (population 143.210) is a city in northeastern Brazil, in the State of Pernambuco.	Camaragibe	Brazil
country	The Tallinn Bay (Estonian: Tallinna laht) is a bay in Estonia on the southern coast of the Gulf of Finland.	Tallinn Bay	Estonia
country	Aldwickbury School is an independent all-boys preparatory school located on the outskirts of Harpenden, Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom.	Aldwickbury School	United Kingdom
country	Genesis Christian College is an independent school (P--12) located at Bray Park, Brisbane, Australia.	Genesis Christian College	Australia
country	Osečina (Serbian Cyrillic: Осечина, pronounced (ɔsɛ̌tʃina)) is a town and municipality located in the Kolubara District of Serbia.	Osečina	Serbia
country	The Elektrėnai Power Plant or Lithuania Power Plant (Lithuanian: Lietuvos elektrinė) is an 1,800-MW electrical generating station near Elektrėnai, Lithuania, about 50 kilometres (31 mi) west of Lithuania's capital, Vilnius.	Elektrėnai Power Plant	Lithuania
country	Medbury School in Christchurch, New Zealand is an independent school for boys between Years 1 to 8 (ages 5 to 13).	Medbury School	New Zealand
country	Lumbini Sanskritik is a municipality situated in Rupandehi District of Lumbini Zone in Nepal.	Lumbini Sanskritik	Nepal
country	Filiași (Romanian pronunciation: (filiˈaʃʲ)) is a town in Dolj County, Romania, on the Jiu River.	Filiași	Romania
country	Lac Berthelot Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CTS3), is located on Lac Berthelot, Quebec, Canada.	Lac Berthelot Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Bergara (Spanish pronunciation: (berˈɣaɾa); Spanish: Vergara) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the north of Spain.	Bergara	Spain
country	Beitou District is the northernmost of the twelve districts of Taipei City, Taiwan.	Beitou	Taiwan
country	Nedelica (pronounced (ˈneːdɛlitsa); Hungarian: Zorkóháza) is a village in the Municipality of Turnišče in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Nedelica	Slovenia
country	Kaliachak College, also known as Sultanganj College, is a college in Kaliachak in the Malda district of West Bengal, India.	Kaliachak College	India
country	BR-158 is a federal highway of Brazil.	BR-158	Brazil
country	Ngerengere Air Force Base (ICAO: HTNG) is a military airbase of the Tanzania Air Force Command.	Ngerengere Air Force Base	Tanzania
country	Mount Jagungal or sometimes Jagungal, Big Bogong, The Big Bogong Nr., or The Big Bogong Mountain, is a mountain within the Jagungal Wilderness Area of the Kosciuszko National Park in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia.	Mount Jagungal	Australia
country	Garmekhani (Persian: گرمخاني‎, also Romanized as Garmekhānī) is a village in Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District, Chaharduli District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Garmekhani	Iran
country	Ropaži is a village in Latvia, the administrative centre of Ropaži municipality.	Ropaži	Latvia
country	Hongwei District (simplified Chinese: 宏伟区; traditional Chinese: 宏偉區; pinyin: Hóngwěi Qū; literally: ``Magnificent District'') is a district of Liaoyang City, Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Hongwei District	People's Republic of China
country	Ara Rock is a rock found in Ara Town in Nasarawa Local Government Area of Nasarawa State in central Nigeria.	Ara Rock	Nigeria
country	Tutaghaji (Persian: توت اغاجي‎, also Romanized as Tūtāghājī; also known as Tūt Āqā Jānī) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Tutaghaji	Iran
country	Stryn Sommerski (English: Stryn Summer Ski Centre) is a ski resort in the municipality of Stryn, Norway.	Stryn Sommerski	Norway
country	Hekkingen Lighthouse (Norwegian: Hekkingen fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located in the Malangen fjord in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms, Norway.	Hekkingen Lighthouse	Norway
country	Huntingdon and Peterborough was a short-lived administrative and geographical county in East Anglia in the United Kingdom.	Huntingdon and Peterborough	United Kingdom
country	Piljeh (Persian: پيلجه‎, also Romanized as Pīljeh; also known as Jūrpīlī Jān and Pīljān) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Piljeh	Iran
country	The Palazzo Contarini del Bovolo (also called the Palazzo Contarini Minelli dal Bovolo) is a small palazzo in Venice, Italy, best known for its external multi-arch spiral staircase known as the Scala Contarini del Bovolo (literally, ``of the snail'').	Palazzo Contarini del Bovolo	Italy
country	Verkhnyaya Tura (Russian: Ве́рхняя Тура) is a town under the administrative jurisdiction of the Town of Kushva in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located in the upper streams of the Tura River (Ob's basin), 187 kilometers (116 mi) north of Yekaterinburg.	Verkhnyaya Tura	Russia
country	Bellevue House National Historic Site of Canada was the home to Canada's first Prime Minister Sir John Alexander Macdonald from 1848 to 1849.	Bellevue House	Canada
country	Marechal Cunha Machado International Airport (IATA: SLZ, ICAO: SBSL), formerly called Tirirical Airport, is the airport serving São Luís, Brazil.	Marechal Cunha Machado International Airport	Brazil
country	Whanganui (/ˈhwɒŋənuːi/; Māori: (ɸaŋanui)), also spelt Wanganui, is a small city on the west coast of the North Island of New Zealand.	Whanganui	New Zealand
country	Wedde (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʋɛdə)) is a village in the municipality Bellingwedde in the province Groningen in the Netherlands.	Wedde	Netherlands
country	Saldaş (also, Soldaş and Saldash) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Saldaş	Azerbaijan
country	Cognola is a town in the Trentino province, Italy.	Cognola	Italy
country	Demyansk (Russian: Демя́нск) is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of Demyansky District of Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located along the Yavon River.	Demyansk	Russia
country	Blackman Eddy is a village located on the banks of the Belize River in the Cayo District, Belize.	Blackman Eddy	Belize
country	Zagajski Vrh (pronounced (zaˈɡaːi̯ski ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia.	Zagajski Vrh	Slovenia
country	Bamberg Church (Norwegian: Bamberg kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Bamberg Church	Norway
country	Peskovi (Albanian: Bistër; Serbian Cyrillic and Macedonian: Пескови, Peskovi) is a mountain in the Šar Mountains range, located between Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia.	Peskovi	Kosovo
country	Toybokhoy (Russian: Тойбохой) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Toybokhoysky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 56 kilometers (35 mi) from Suntar, the administrative center of the district.	Toybokhoy	Russia
country	German submarine U-215 was a Type VIID mine-laying U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was one of six U-boats of her kind, equipped with special vertical tubes that launched the mines.	German submarine U-215	Nazi Germany
country	Paoay Lake, historically known as Lago de Nanguyudan and commonly referred to locally as Dacquel a Danum (Ilokano for ``big water''), is a horseshoe-shaped lake located in the municipality of Paoay in the northwest region of Luzon in the Philippines.	Paoay Lake	Philippines
country	Coffin Bay Peninsula is a peninsula located at the south west end of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia.	Coffin Bay Peninsula	Australia
country	Saint Christopher Monastery (Armenian: Սուրբ Քրիստափորի վանք; meaning the Monastery of Saint Christopher), is a restored Armenian church of the 7th century, located in a cemetery 2.2 kilometres (1.4 mi) southeast of the outskirts of Dashtadem village and Dashtadem Fortress in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Saint Christopher Monastery	Armenia
country	The United Farmers of Ontario (UFO) was a political party in Ontario, Canada.	United Farmers of Ontario	Canada
country	Berlin Tempelhof Airport (German: Flughafen Berlin-Tempelhof) (IATA: THF, ICAO: EDDI) was one of the airports in Berlin, Germany.	Berlin Tempelhof Airport	Germany
country	Siah Darreh 3 Kuseh (Persian: سياه دره 3 كوسه‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Darreh 3 Kūseh; also known as Sīāh Darreh 3 Kūsh and Sīāh Darreh-ye Seh) is a village in Teshkan Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Siah Darreh 3 Kuseh	Iran
country	The Julier Pass (Romansh: Pass dal Güglia, German: Julierpass, Italian Passo del Giulia) (el. 2284 m) is a mountain pass in Switzerland, in the Albula Range of the Alps.	Julier Pass	Switzerland
country	Editorial Complutense S.A. (ECSA) is a university publisher for Complutense University of Madrid, Spain.	Editorial Complutense	Spain
country	Konar-e Jamal (Persian: كنارجمال‎, also Romanized as Konār-e Jamāl) is a village in Rameshk Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Konar-e Jamal	Iran
country	Sonid Left Banner (Mongolian: ᠰᠥᠨᠡᠳ ᠵᠡᠭᠦᠨ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Söned Jegün qosiɣu; simplified Chinese: 苏尼特左旗; traditional Chinese: 蘇尼特左旗; pinyin: Sūnítè Zuǒqí)) is a banner of north-central Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Sonid Left Banner	People's Republic of China
country	The Cosapilla River is a river of Chile and Bolivia and is part of the boundary.	Cosapilla River	Chile
country	Mali Trn (pronounced (ˈmaːli ˈtəɾn); German: Kleindorn) is a small village in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Mali Trn	Slovenia
country	Rexdale Women's Centre is an independent, not-for-profit, voluntary agency that serves high-need women and their families, residing in the Greater Toronto Area of Canada.	Rexdale Women's Centre	Canada
country	The De Clercqstraat is a street in Amsterdam-West, Netherlands.	De Clercqstraat	Netherlands
country	The Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall (BMICH), is a convention center located in Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall	Sri Lanka
country	The Annandale Range Lights are a set of range lights on the east coast of Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Annandale Range Lights	Canada
country	Janiwala railway station (Urdu: جانی والا ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Janiwala village, Toba Tek Singh district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Janiwala railway station	Pakistan
country	Skagen Town and Regional Museum (Danish: Skagen By- og Egnsmuseum) is a private museum in Skagen in the far north of Jutland, Denmark.	Skagen Town and Regional Museum	Denmark
country	Nilaq (Persian: نيلق‎, also Romanized as Nīlaq and Neylaq; also known as Lailia, Leyleyeh, and Ley-lya) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Nilaq	Iran
country	Divič is a village by the city of Zvornik, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Divič	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Guadalupe Victoria Municipality is one of the 39 municipalities of Durango, in north-western Mexico.	Guadalupe Victoria Municipality	Mexico
country	Upper Kama Upland (Russian: Верхнекамская возвышенность) is an elevation in the headwaters of Kama and Cheptsa rivers, located on the area of Udmurt Republic, Perm Krai and Kirov Oblast, Russia.	Upper Kama Upland	Russia
country	Debila (Arabic: اﻟﺪﺑﻴﻠﺔ‎) is a town and commune, and the capital of Debila District, in El Oued Province, Algeria.	Debila	Algeria
country	New Kendall Bridge is a concrete bridge that links Kendall village in the Sittee River, Belize.	Kendall Bridge	Belize
country	Busua is a beach resort and fishing village in the Ahanta West District of the Western Region in Ghana, about 30 kilometers west of the regional capital, Sekondi-Takoradi in the Gulf of Guinea.	Busua	Ghana
country	Arnaia (Greek: Αρναία, before 1928: Λιαρίγκοβη - Liarigkovi, or Lerigovo) is a town and a former municipality in Chalkidiki, Greece.	Arnaia	Greece
country	Balsfjord Church (Norwegian: Balsfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Balsfjord in Troms county, Norway.	Balsfjord Church	Norway
country	Rathgama is a small coastal town situated in Galle District, Southern Province of Sri Lanka.	Rathgama	Sri Lanka
country	Awadhiya (Arabic: فريج العوضية‎) is a new neighborhood of Manama, the capital city of Bahrain.	Awadhiya	Bahrain
country	Walsall Central Library is a public library situated in the town centre of Walsall in the West Midlands, in the United Kingdom.	Walsall Central Library	United Kingdom
country	Cheena (Urdu: جهينه ) is a village in Gujar Khan Tehsil, Rawalpindi District, Pakistan.	Cheena	Pakistan
country	The Tash-Tau mine is a large copper mine located in the south-west of Russia in Bashkortostan.	Tash-Tau mine	Russia
country	Sarangani Bay is a bay located on the southern tip of Mindanao in the Philippines.	Sarangani Bay	Philippines
country	Hindarx (also, Gindarch, Gindarkh, Kassian, and Kazian) is a village and the most populous municipality, except the capital Ağcabədi, in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hindarx	Azerbaijan
country	The Wyndham Important Bird Area comprises a 28 km2 tract of land in the north-east of the Kimberley region of Western Australia.	Wyndham Important Bird Area	Australia
country	DXRK, broadcasting as 99.9 Magnum Radio, is a news and music FM radio station is owned and operated by Magnum Broadcasting Inc. in the Philippines.	DXRK	Philippines
country	Mica Creek is a small village in British Columbia, Canada that was used as a base of operations for the construction of the Mica Dam hydroelectric project by BC Hydro in the 1960s and 1970s.	Mica Creek	Canada
country	Mûnein (Dutch: Molenend) is a small village in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 700 citizens (2008).	Mûnein	Netherlands
country	Denizlispor is a sports club based in Denizli, Turkey.	Denizlispor	Turkey
country	Ghadir Kuhi (Persian: غدير كوهي‎, also Romanized as Ghadīr Kūhī) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ghadir Kuhi	Iran
country	The Chiloé Archipelago (Spanish: Archipiélago de Chiloé) consists of several islands lying off the coast of Chile.	Chiloé Archipelago	Chile
country	Canale Villoresi is a canal in Italy; it was the brainchild of Lombardy engineer Eugenio Villoresi.	Canale Villoresi	Italy
country	Tâmega Subregion is a NUTS3 subregion and is part of the NUTS2 region of Norte Region, Portugal.	Tâmega Subregion	Portugal
country	Curuguaty (Spanish pronunciation: (kuɾuɣwaˈti); originally called Villa de San Isidro Labrador de los Reyes Católicos de Curuguaty) is a city and a district in the Canindeyú Department of Paraguay, that was the 4th and last capital of Paraguay during the Paraguayan War in 1869-1870.	Curuguaty	Paraguay
country	Schoenfels Castle (French: Château de Schoenfels), with a history dating back to the 12th century, is one of the castles belonging to the Valley of the Seven Castles in central Luxembourg.	Schoenfels Castle	Luxembourg
country	Broome Bird Observatory is an educational, scientific and recreational facility located 24 km from Broome in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.	Broome Bird Observatory	Australia
country	The Communist Party of the Basque Homelands (Basque: Euskal Herrialdeetako Alderdi Komunista, EHAK; Spanish: Partido Comunista de las Tierras Vascas, PCTV) was a communist Basque separatist party in the Basque Country, Spain.	Communist Party of the Basque Homelands	Spain
country	Casuarina Beach is in Karainagar, Jaffna District, Sri Lanka, about 20 kilometers from Jaffna.	Casuarina Beach	Sri Lanka
country	Krčevina pri Vurbergu (pronounced (kɛɾtʃɛˈʋiːna pɾi ˈʋuːɾbɛɾɡu)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ptuj in northeastern Slovenia.	Krčevina pri Vurbergu	Slovenia
country	Bharatha Matha Higher Secondary School is a private school located in Palakkad, Kerala, India.	Bharatha Matha Higher Secondary School	India
country	Mount Dajt (Albanian: Mali i Dajtit) is a mountain and national park in central Albania, to the east of Tirana.	Mount Dajt	Albania
country	Bandar-e Anzali (Persian: بندرانزلی‎‎, also Romanized as Bandar-e Anzalī; before the Iranian Revolution, was renamed from Bandar-e Anzali to Bandar-e Pahlavi by Reza Pahlavi) is a city in Gilan Province, Iran.	Bandar-e Anzali	Iran
country	Orissaare is a small borough in Orissaare Parish, Saare County in western Estonia.	Orissaare	Estonia
country	Novoselenginsk (Russian: Новоселенги́нск) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Selenginsky District of the Republic of Buryatia, Russia, located on the Selenge River south of Lake Baikal.	Novoselenginsk	Russia
country	Koutloumousiou monastery (Greek: Μονή Κουτλουμουσίου) is an Eastern Orthodox monastery at the monastic state of Mount Athos in Greece.	Koutloumousiou	Greece
country	The Queen Emma Bridge is a pontoon bridge across St. Anna Bay in Curaçao.	Queen Emma Bridge	Curaçao
country	Karzakan (Arabic: كرزكان‎) is a village in Bahrain.	Karzakan	Bahrain
country	Komagaksla (or Vatnafjellet) is the highest mountain on the island of Sørøya in Hammerfest Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Komagaksla	Norway
country	Bournda National Park is a 2,655 ha protected area in New South Wales, Australia, managed as a national park by NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service, and was established on 24 April 1992.	Bournda National Park	Australia
country	Deh Now-e Kukhdan (Persian: دهنوكوخدان‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Kūkhdān; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Dana Rural District, in the Central District of Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deh Now-e Kukhdan	Iran
country	Richtis Gorge (Greek: Φαράγγι του Ρίχτη, Faraggi tou Richti) is a gorge in Crete, Greece (Map of Richtis Gorge here).	Richtis Gorge	Greece
country	Elmia Exhibition and Convention Centre is a trade fair in Jönköping, Sweden.	Elmia	Sweden
country	The Cruces River (Spanish: Río Cruces) is a river near Valdivia, Chile.	Cruces River	Chile
country	Taiof Island, also known as Toiokh Island, is a small island off the northwestern coast of Bougainville Island, in the Autonomous Region of Bougainville in eastern Papua New Guinea.	Taiof Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Robaczyn (rɔˈbat͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Robaczyn	Poland
country	The Balconies of Lima are cultural heritage built during the Spanish colonial regime as well as in the republic era in Peru.	Balconies of Lima	Peru
country	Saint-Génis-des-Fontaines Abbey is a Benedictine abbey in Saint-Génis-des-Fontaines, Pyrénées-Orientales, France.	Saint-Génis-des-Fontaines Abbey	France
country	Kərgəlan (also, Gergelan, Gerkilan, Kergelan, Kyargalan, and Kyargelan) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kərgəlan	Azerbaijan
country	Beschendorf is a municipality and a town in the district of Ostholstein, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Beschendorf	Germany
country	While East Germany controlled Riems approximately 800 people were working on vaccine research and development, today there are less than half that number.	Riems	Germany
country	Dillon's Bay Airport (IATA: DLY, ICAO: NVVD) is an airfield near Dillon's Bay on the island of Erromango, in the Taféa province in Vanuatu.	Dillon's Bay Airport	Vanuatu
country	The Dolomites (Italian: Dolomiti (doloˈmiːti); Ladin: Dolomites; German: Dolomiten (doːloːˈmɪtn̩); Venetian: Dołomiti (doɰoˈmiti): Friulian: Dolomitis) are a mountain range located in northeastern Italy.	Dolomites	Italy
country	The San Blas Range, is a mountain range north of Lake Bayano, and runs adjacent the San Blas Islands in Panama.	San Blas Range	Panama
country	Waterloo Collegiate Institute (also known as WCI) is a public high school in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.	Waterloo Collegiate Institute	Canada
country	Sabancı Center is a complex of skyscrapers which consists of two skyscrapers located close to the Büyükdere Avenue in Beşiktaş district of Istanbul, Turkey.	Sabancı Center	Turkey
country	The Puig de Comanegra is a mountain of Catalonia, on the border between Spain and France.	Puig de Comanegra	Spain	France
country	Ruvo di Puglia is a town and comune in the province of Bari, Apulia, southern Italy, that is essentially devoted to agriculture, wine and olive growing.	Ruvo di Puglia	Italy
country	Cardedeu (Catalan pronunciation: (ˌkarðəˈðɛw)) is a village in the comarca of Vallès Oriental in the province of Barcelona and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Cardedeu	Spain
country	Arediou (Greek: Αρεδιού) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus.	Arediou	Cyprus
country	Hezarmasjed Rural District (Persian: دهستان هزارمسجد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hezarmasjed Rural District	Iran
country	The Citadel of Damascus (Arabic: قلعة دمشق‎: Qala'at Dimashq) is a large medieval fortified palace and citadel in Damascus, Syria.	Citadel of Damascus	Syria
country	The Little North Line (Danish: Lille Nord) is a local railway line which runs between Hillerød and Helsingør in North Zealand north of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Little North Line	Denmark
country	Nidi Sohana (also known as Needi Sohana) is a union council in the district of Kotli, Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan.	Nidi Sohana	Pakistan
country	Puysegur Point is located in the far southwest of the South Island of New Zealand.	Puysegur Point	New Zealand
country	Shaizar (Arabic: شيزر‎; also called Saijar or Larissa in Syria) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located northwest of Hama.	Shaizar	Syria
country	Nowe Krzywe (ˈnɔvɛ ˈkʂɨvɛ) (German: Klein Krzywen; 1929-1945: Grünsee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowe Krzywe	Poland
country	Apostolos Andreas Monastery (Turkish: Apostolos Andreas Manastırı; Greek: Απόστολος Ανδρέας) is a monastery situated just south of Cape Apostolos Andreas, the north-easternmost point of the island of Cyprus, in Rizokarpaso in the Karpass Peninsula.	Apostolos Andreas Monastery	Cyprus
country	Mandaram Nuwara is a small village situated at the foot of Pidurutalagala (Mount Pedro) in the Central Province of Sri Lanka.	Mandaram Nuwara	Sri Lanka
country	Øyvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Høylandet in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Øyvatnet	Norway
country	Hallum is a small village in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Hallum	Netherlands
country	El Carmen (Santa Cruz) is a town in Bolivia.	El Carmen (Santa Cruz)	Bolivia
country	The Fort de Maulde, also known as Fort de Beurnonville and the Ensemble de Maulde, is located to the south of Maulde, France.	Fort de Maulde	France
country	Mazraeh-ye Talkhab (Persian: مزرعه تلخاب‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Talkhāb; also known as Talkhāb) is a village in Almahdi Rural District, Mohammadyar District, Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Talkhab	Iran
country	The Jakarta Convention Center (JCC) also known as Balai Sidang Jakarta Convention Center is located in Gelora Bung Karno Sports Complex, Tanah Abang, Central Jakarta, Indonesia.	Jakarta Convention Center	Indonesia
country	Bouleternère (Catalan: Bulaternera) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Bouleternère	France
country	Novi Vinodolski (pronounced (nɔ̂v̞iː v̞ǐnɔdɔːlskiː), often also called Novi or Novi del Vinodol o Novi in Valdivino in Italian) is a town on the Adriatic Sea coast in Croatia, located south of Crikvenica, Selce and Bribir and north of Senj.	Novi Vinodolski	Croatia
country	The Wellesley Islands are a group of islands off the coast of north Queensland, Australia, in the Gulf of Carpentaria.	Wellesley Islands	Australia
country	The Order of Merit for Labour (Italian: Ordine al Merito del Lavoro) was founded as national order of chivalry in 1923 by King Vittorio Emanuele III of Italy; it is awarded to those ``who have been singularly meritorious'' in agriculture, industry and commerce, crafts, lending and insurance.	Order of Merit for Labour	Italy
country	Vilseck is a town in the Oberpfalz region of northeastern Bavaria, Germany situated on the river Vils, a tributary of the Naab river.	Vilseck	Germany
country	Unkervatnet (Southern Sami: Åanghkejaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county, Norway.	Unkervatnet	Norway
country	Parque La Alameda is a park in the Old Centre part of Quito, Ecuador.	Parque La Alameda	Ecuador
country	Kharzahreh (Persian: خرزهره ‎; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Kuhenjan Rural District, Kuhenjan District, Sarvestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kharzahreh	Iran
country	Mount Pearl South is a prosperous, mostly suburban provincial electoral district for the House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Mount Pearl South	Canada
country	Gornji Lučani (Cyrillic: Горњи Лучани) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gornji Lučani	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ran no Yakata (ランの館) is a public orchid garden in Nagoya, central Japan.	Ran no Yakata	Japan
country	Mata o le Alelo is a village pool in Samoa associated with the Polynesian legend Sina and the Eel.	Mata o le Alelo	Samoa
country	The Pedernales River (Hispaniola) is a river that forms the southernmost part of the international boundary between the Dominican Republic and Haiti.	Pedernales River (Hispaniola)	Dominican Republic	Haiti
country	Adelândia' is a municipality in eastern Goiás state, Brazil.	Adelândia	Brazil
country	The Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Heritage Protection Act 1984 (Cth) is legislation passed by the parliament of the Commonwealth of Australia to enable the Commonwealth to intervene and, where necessary, preserve and protect areas and objects of particular significance to Australia's Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander peoples from being desecrated or injured	Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Heritage Protection Act 1984	Australia
country	The Badawi Pass is a pass that connects Upper Dir District with Kohistan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Badawi Pass	Pakistan
country	Mačkovec pri Škocjanu (pronounced (matʃˈkɔːʋəts pɾi ʃkɔtsˈjaːnu) or (matʃˈkoːvəts pɾi ʃkɔtsˈjaːnu); in older sources also Mačkovc) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia (the traditional region of Lower Carniola).	Mačkovec pri Škocjanu	Slovenia
country	Maenporth (Cornish: Meyn Borth, meaning stones cove) is a cove and beach in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Maenporth	United Kingdom
country	Burnet Cave (also known as Rocky Arroyo Cave of Wetmore) is an important archaeological and paleontological site located in Eddy County, New Mexico, United States within the Guadalupe Mountains.	Burnet Cave	Mexico
country	Presa Sangregado Dam (also known as Arenal Dam and Sangregado Dam) is a high-earthen hydroelectric dam on the south-east shore of Lake Arenal in the Guanacaste Province of northwest Costa Rica.	Presa Sangregado Dam	Costa Rica
country	Puznówka (puzˈnufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilawa, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Puznówka	Poland
country	Agiasos (Greek: Αγιάσος/Ayasos) is a small town and a former municipality on the island of Lesbos, North Aegean, Greece.	Agiasos	Greece
country	Piszczaty-Kończany (piʂˈt͡ʂatɨ kɔɲˈt͡ʂanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Piszczaty-Kończany	Poland
country	The Ceredigion Coast Path (Welsh: Llwybr Arfordir Ceredigion) is a waymarked long distance footpath in the United Kingdom, on the coast of Ceredigion, Wales.	Ceredigion Coast Path	United Kingdom
country	Mazraeh-ye Gavart (Persian: مزرعه گورت‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Gavart and Mazraehgavart) is a village in Qahab-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 925, in 227 families.	Mazraeh-ye Gavart	Iran
country	Palermiti (Greek: Panormites) is a village and comune of the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Palermiti	Italy
country	Wola Blakowa (ˈvɔla blaˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lgota Wielka, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Blakowa	Poland
country	The original Tenth Presbyterian Church, founded in 1829 as a congregation part of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America, was located on the northeast corner of 12th & Walnut Streets.	Tenth Presbyterian Church	United States of America
country	The Grenadines is an island chain that is part of St.Vincent and Grenada.	Grenadines	Grenada
country	Cheetah Marketing was a United Kingdom-based company that produced electronic music-related hardware products and software for home computer systems during the 1980s.	Cheetah Marketing	United Kingdom
country	Quest University Canada is a private secular non-profit liberal arts and sciences university in Squamish, British Columbia, Canada.	Quest University	Canada
country	Khirbet al-Mukhayyat (Arabic: خربة المُخيَّط) also commonly known as Siyagha is a village in Madaba Governorate in Jordan.	Khirbet al-Mukhayyat	Jordan
country	The Bologna Museum of Modern Art (MAMbo, or Museo d’Arte Moderna di Bologna) is a purpose-designed centre of modern and experimental art, located in the centre of Bologna, Italy.	Bologna Museum of Modern Art	Italy
country	Porzi (Persian: پرزي‎, also Romanized as Porzī; also known as Pordī and Yūzī) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District, Ala-e Marvdasht District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Porzi	Iran
country	Bosön is a sports complex on Lidingö outside Stockholm in Sweden, and the headquarters for the Swedish Sports Confederation.	Bosön	Sweden
country	The Rio Negro Bridge (Portuguese: Ponte Rio Negro) is a cable-stayed bridge over the Rio Negro with 3,595 metres (11,795 ft) of length that links the cities of Manaus and Iranduba in Brazil.	Rio Negro Bridge	Brazil
country	To this end, in 1992, the EMBL Council voted to establish the European Bioinformatics Institute and to locate it at the Wellcome Trust Genome Campus in the United Kingdom where it would be in close proximity to the major sequencing efforts at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute.	European Bioinformatics Institute	United Kingdom
country	Voll Church (Norwegian: Voll kyrkje) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Voll Church	Norway
country	Gholam Rostam (Persian: غلام رستم‎, also Romanized as Gholām Rostam; also known as Deh-e Gholām Rostam) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gholam Rostam	Iran
country	The Hen and Chicken Islands (usually known collectively as the Hen and Chickens) lie to the east of the North Auckland Peninsula off the coast of northern New Zealand.	Hen and Chicken Islands	New Zealand
country	Qezeljeh Gol (Persian: قزلجه گل‎; also known as Qezelcheh Gol) is a village in Hajjilar-e Shomali Rural District, Hajjilar District, Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezeljeh Gol	Iran
country	The Pointe du Toulinguet is a promontory at the end of the Crozon peninsula in the commune of Camaret-sur-Mer in France.	Pointe du Toulinguet	France
country	Chelqai (Persian: چلقايي‎, also Romanized as Chelqā’ī) is a village in Benajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Bonab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chelqai	Iran
country	Casa de España is the headquarters of a private social organization whose members are those of Spanish descent in San Juan, Puerto Rico on Calle Ponce de Leon.	Casa de España	Puerto Rico
country	The Albarregas Roman bridge (Spanish: Puente Romano sobre El Albarregas) is a Roman bridge located in Mérida, Spain.	Albarregas Roman bridge	Spain
country	Mount Namuli is the second highest mountain in Mozambique and the highest in the Province of Zambezia.	Mount Namuli	Mozambique
country	Lünen Power Station is a coal-fired power station in Germany.	Lünen Power Station	Germany
country	Batres (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈbatɾes)) is a small town and municipality in the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain.	Batres	Spain
country	As of 2001 India census, the population under Mokokchung Municipal Council (excluding the colonies beyond Sungkomen Ward) had a population of 31,204.	Mokokchung	India
country	Härkeberga Church (Swedish: Härkeberga kyrka) is a Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County, Sweden.	Härkeberga Church	Sweden
country	Lady Elliot Island Light is an active lighthouse located on Lady Elliot Island, the southern-most coral cay of the Great Barrier Reef, 46 nautical miles (85 km; 53 mi) north-east of Bundaberg, Queensland, Australia.	Lady Elliot Island Light	Australia
country	West Mani (Greek: Δυτική Μάνη - Dytiki Mani) is a municipality in the Messenia regional unit, Peloponnese, Greece.	West Mani	Greece
country	Ko Lipe (Thai: เกาะหลีเป๊ะ) is a small island in the Adang-Rawi Archipelago of the Andaman Sea, in Satun Province of southwest Thailand, close to the Malaysian border.	Ko Lipe	Thailand
country	Nordjyske Stiftstidende is a daily regional newspaper published in Aalborg, Denmark.	Nordjyske Stiftstidende	Denmark
country	Mam Zineh (Persian: مامزينه‎, also Romanized as Mām Zīneh; also known as Mameh Zīneh) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mam Zineh	Iran
country	DPS Compound (Department of Public Services compound) is a barangay in the southern part of Baguio, Philippines, at Session Road Extension.	DPS Compound	Philippines
country	The McCreary railway station is a flag stop located in McCreary, Manitoba, Canada.	McCreary railway station	Canada
country	Sursk (Russian: Сурск) is a town in Gorodishchensky District of Penza Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Sura River, 92 kilometers (57 mi) east of Penza, the administrative center of the oblast.	Sursk	Russia
country	Rabotnichesko Delo (Bulgarian: Работническо дело, ``Workers' Deed'') was a leftist Bulgarian newspaper that was the organ of the Bulgarian Communist Party's Central Committee and was one of the People's Republic of Bulgaria's highest-circulation newspapers.	Rabotnichesko Delo	Bulgaria
country	Manowo (maˈnɔvɔ) (German: Manow) is a village in Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Manowo	Poland
country	Mjømna Church (Norwegian: Mjømna kyrkje) is a parish church in Gulen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Mjømna Church	Norway
country	Efjord Chapel (Norwegian: Efjord kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county, Norway.	Efjord Chapel	Norway
country	Diran is a mountain in the Karakoram range in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Diran	Pakistan
country	Løvenholm is a castle and estate 23 km (14 mi) east of Randers in Jutland, Denmark, owned by a foundation.	Løvenholm	Denmark
country	Firinghi Kalibari is a temple dedicated to the Hindu Goddess Kali located on B.B Ganguly street in the Bowbazar locality of Kolkata, India.	Firinghi Kalibari	India
country	Góra (ˈɡura) (German: Guhrau) is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Góra	Poland
country	Goombala Road is a major throughway within Tarra-Bulga National Park in South Gippsland, Australia.	Goombala Road	Australia
country	Haylmore Creek is the largest tributary of the Gates River, flowing northwest from its origin in the central Cayoosh Range to join that river at the community of Devine, British Columbia, Canada, in the Lillooet Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia.	Haylmore Creek	Canada
country	Falconara Marittima is a seaside resort on the Adriatic coast, in Italy, located 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) north of Ancona, in the Marche region, province of Ancona.	Falconara Marittima	Italy
country	Singur Reservoir is a reservoir formed by back waters of Singur Dam located on Manjira River in Medak District, Telangana, India.	Singur Reservoir	India
country	Nayjuk (Persian: نايجوك‎, also Romanized as Nāyjūk and Nayjook; also known as Nahīn and Nājiūk) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Nayjuk	Iran
country	Byeonsan (Uisangbong) is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do, western South Korea.	Byeonsan	South Korea
country	Ceraso is a town and comune (population 2,494) in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.	Ceraso	Italy
country	Blancafort, Tarragona is a village in the province of Tarragona and the autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Blancafort, Tarragona	Spain
country	Serniki (sɛrˈniki) is a village in Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Serniki	Poland
country	The Free Scotland Party is a minor political party in Scotland that stands for an independent Scotland, independent of both the United Kingdom and the European Union.	Free Scotland Party	United Kingdom
country	There are more than 700 islands in the archipelago that make up The Bahamas, but only 14 of the Out Islands are inhabited.	Out Islands	The Bahamas
country	Novosibirsk Tolmachevo Airport (Russian: Аэропóрт Толмачёво) (IATA: OVB, ICAO: UNNT) is situated in the town of Ob, 16 km from the center of Novosibirsk, an industrial and scientific center in Siberia and Russia's third largest city.	Tolmachevo Airport	Russia
country	Chittar River and its five tributaries and numerous other contributing streams originate in the Courtallam hills of Tirunelveli District in the state of Tamil Nadu in southern India.	Chittar River	India
country	Monfalcone railway station (Italian: Stazione di Monfalcone) serves the town and comune of Monfalcone, in the autonomous region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia, northeastern Italy.	Monfalcone railway station	Italy
country	Lashio District (Burmese: လားရှိုးခရိုင်) is a district of Shan State in Myanmar.	Lashio District	Myanmar
country	Lợi An is a commune (xã) and village in Trần Văn Thời District, Cà Mau Province, in Vietnam.	Lợi An	Vietnam
country	Lindau is the most popular tourist attraction in the South of Germany.	Lindau	Germany
country	Khon Kaen (Thai: ขอนแก่น, pronounced (kʰɔ̌ːn kɛ̀n) or (kʰɔ̌n kɛ̀n)) is one of the four major cities of Isan, Thailand, also known as the ``big four of Isan'', the others being Udon Thani, Khorat, and Ubon Ratchathani.	Khon Kaen	Thailand
country	The Petroglyphs of Pusharo constitute a unique and extensive ancient rock art site in southeast Peru's Manú National Park, a jungled expanse that still contains unexplored and little known areas, and for which an official government permit is required for entry.	Pusharo	Peru
country	Donji Drapnići (Serbian: Доњи Драпнићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donji Drapnići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Strandstuviken Nature Reserve (Swedish: Strandstuvikens naturreservat) is a nature reserve in Södermanland County in Sweden.	Strandstuviken Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	The Province of Belluno (Italian: Provincia di Belluno; German: Provinz Belluno) is a province in the Veneto region of Italy.	Province of Belluno	Italy
country	Nalusuan is a man-made resort island in the Cebu Strait, the Philippines, and one of the islands comprising the Olango Island Group.	Nalusuan	Philippines
country	The Beneden Merwede is a stretch of river in the Netherlands, mainly fed by the river Rhine.	Beneden Merwede	Netherlands
country	Nevado Sajama is an extinct stratovolcano and the highest peak in Bolivia.	Nevado Sajama	Bolivia
country	Deh-e Kandal (Persian: ده کندل‎; also known as Kandal) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Kandal	Iran
country	Omodos (Greek: 'Ομοδος) is a village in the Troödos Mountains of Cyprus.	Omodos	Cyprus
country	Santa Rosa de la Eminencia castle is a colonial castle built in the seventeenth century by the Spanish monarchy in La Asunción, Venezuela.	Santa Rosa de la Eminencia castle	Venezuela
country	Zalin (Serbian: Залин) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zalin	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Taltheilei Narrows Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CED9), is located in McLeod Bay on Great Slave Lake in the Northwest Territories, Canada and is open from June to September.	Taltheilei Narrows Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Hays International College is a tertiary level training institute situated in Melbourne, Australia.	Hays International College	Australia
country	Strojna (pronounced (ˈstɾoːi̯na)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Ravne na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia, close to the border with Austria.	Strojna	Slovenia
country	The Shah Alam Komuter station is a Komuter train station located in Seksyen 19, Shah Alam, Selangor, Malaysia.	Shah Alam Komuter station	Malaysia
country	Kutaisi (Georgian: ქუთაისი; ancient names: Aea/Aia, Kotais, Kutatisi, Kutaïsi) is the legislative capital of Georgia, and its second largest city, after the capital Tbilisi.	Kutaisi	Georgia
country	The Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin is the state parliament (Landtag) of Berlin, Germany according to the city-state's constitution.	Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin	Germany
country	Shahr-e Shib (Persian: شهرشيب‎, also Romanized as Shahr-e Shīb; also known as Shahr-e Shīv) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shahr-e Shib	Iran
country	Burtnieki is a village (population 488) in Burtnieki parish, North Latvia, near the Lake Burtnieks.	Burtnieki	Latvia
country	Çallı (also, Chally) is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çallı	Azerbaijan
country	Grlinci (pronounced (ˈɡəɾlintsi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Juršinci in northeastern Slovenia.	Grlinci	Slovenia
country	Wong Shiu Chi Secondary School (Chinese: 王肇枝中學) is a Hong Kong secondary school located in Tai Po.	Wong Shiu Chi Secondary School	Hong Kong
country	Dąbrowa Nowogardzka (dɔmˈbrɔva nɔvɔˈɡart͡ska) (German: Damerow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dąbrowa Nowogardzka	Poland
country	Epano Vatheia is a Greek village in the Heraklion regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Epano Vatheia	Greece
country	Hessequa Local Municipality (before 24 June 2005 the Langeberg Local Municipality) is a municipality located in the Western Cape Province of South Africa.	Hessequa Local Municipality	South Africa
country	Kavis (Persian: كاويس‎, Sorani Kurdish: کاوه‌یس, also Romanized as Kāvīs and Kāweys; also known as Kāvos) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kavis	Iran
country	Pinnacle Point a small promontory immediately south of Mossel Bay, a town on the southern coast of South Africa.	Pinnacle Point	South Africa
country	Founded in 1890, the University of Central Oklahoma was one of the first institutions of higher learning to be established in what would become the state of Oklahoma, making it one of the oldest universities in the southwest region of the United States of America.	University of Central Oklahoma	United States of America
country	Dolenja Vas pri Čatežu (pronounced (dɔˈleːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈtʃaːtɛʒu); Slovene: Dolenja vas pri Čatežu) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Dolenja Vas pri Čatežu	Slovenia
country	Champakulam (Malayalam:ചമ്പക്കുളം) is a village in Kerala, India.	Champakulam	India
country	Thammanampatti is one of the village of Dharmapuri district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Thammanampatti	India
country	Kembé Falls are located on the Kotto River, near Kembé on the road from Bangui to Bangassou in the Central African Republic, located about 80 km from Bangassou.	Kembé Falls	Central African Republic
country	Susak (Italian: Sansego; German and French: Sansig) is a small island on the northern Adriatic coast of Croatia.	Susak	Croatia
country	Quibble Island is a river island in the state of Tamil Nadu in India.	Quibble Island	India
country	Winter Stadium (Hebrew: אצטדיון וינטר‎) is a multi-purpose stadium in Ramat Gan, Israel.	Winter Stadium	Israel
country	Slivarovo (Bulgarian: Сливарово) is a village in Malko Tarnovo Municipality, in Burgas Province, in southeastern Bulgaria.	Slivarovo	Bulgaria
country	Gatika (Spanish: Gatica) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Gatika	Spain
country	Sambory (samˈbɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sambory	Poland
country	Kalibata is a kelurahan (literally ``village'', in this case the smallest unit in the sub-division of urban areas), part of Pancoran which is itself a subdistrict of South Jakarta, Indonesia.	Kalibata	Indonesia
country	The Hitler birthplace memorial stone, a memorial to victims of the Nazis, is placed in front of Salzburger Vorstadt 15, Braunau am Inn, Upper Austria, the building where Adolf Hitler was born in 1889.	Hitler birthplace memorial stone	Austria
country	Among the arguments in opposition to Israel's unilateral disengagement plan, which stated that the settlers should be evicted from Elei Sinai, was a proposal by Farhan allowing the settlers to remain in their homes as Palestinian citizens, an idea the Palestinians the Israeli government rejected.	Elei Sinai	Israel
country	Piotrawin-Kolonia (pjɔˈtravin kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Piotrawin-Kolonia	Poland
country	Spodnja Pohanca (pronounced (ˈspoːdnja ˈpoːxantsa); German: Unterpochanza) is a village west of Artiče in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Spodnja Pohanca	Slovenia
country	Hegra Fortress (Norwegian: Hegra festning) is a small mountain fortress in the village of Hegra in the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Hegra Fortress	Norway
country	The Belgian railway line 50 is a railway line in Belgium connecting Brussels to Ghent.	Belgian railway line 50	Belgium
country	Kattathurai is a village located in Kanyakumari district of Tamil Nadu, India on National Highway 47 approximately 44 km south east of Trivandrum.	Kattathurai	India
country	The Sassenpoort (English: Sassen gate) is a gatehouse in the citywall of Zwolle, Netherlands.	Sassenpoort	Netherlands
country	Hordfast or the Hordaland Fixed Link is a planned road project between the mainland city of Bergen and the island of Stord in Hordaland county, Norway.	Hordfast	Norway
country	Goranxi (Greek: Γοραντζή, Gorantzi (or) Καλογοραντζή, Kalogorantzi) is a settlement in the former Dropull i Poshtëm municipality, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.	Goranxi	Albania
country	Dikemark Hospital is a former psychiatric hospital in Asker, Norway.	Dikemark Hospital	Norway
country	Santa Rosa de Tastil is a rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.	Santa Rosa de Tastil	Argentina
country	Auberge de Provence (Maltese: Berġa ta' Provenza) is an auberge in Valletta, Malta.	Auberge de Provence	Malta
country	Fresse-sur-Moselle is a commune in the Vosges department of Lorraine in northeastern France.	Fresse-sur-Moselle	France
country	Gare de Bornel-Belle-Église (the Bornel-Belle-Église Station) is a rail station located in Bornel (Oise department), France and serves nearby Belle-Église.	Gare de Bornel-Belle-Église	France
country	Awan Town is a housing society in Lahore, Pakistan.	Awan Town	Pakistan
country	Yesodot (Hebrew: יְסוֹדוֹת, lit. Foundations) is a religious moshav shitufi in central Israel.	Yesodot	Israel
country	Mglin (Russian: Мглин) is a town and the administrative center of Mglinsky District in Bryansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Sudynka River 167 kilometers (104 mi) west of Bryansk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Mglin	Russia
country	The University of Manitoba Press is a publishing house based at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	University of Manitoba Press	Canada
country	Louvain-la-Neuve (French pronunciation: ​(lu.vɛ̃.la.nœv), French for New Leuven) is a planned city in the municipality of Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium, situated 30 km southeast of Brussels, in the French-speaking part of the country.	Louvain-la-Neuve	Belgium
country	Nelson Central School is a state primary contributing school located in the inner city of Nelson at the top of the South Island of New Zealand teaching children of both genders aged 5 to 11 years.	Nelson Central School	New Zealand
country	Duksfjorden (Northern Sami: Diksovuotna) is an fjord arm that branches off the main Kamøyfjorden on the eastern side of the island of Magerøya in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Duksfjorden	Norway
country	Daejeon Health Sciences College is a technical college providing training in the health sciences in South Korea.	Daejeon Health Sciences College	South Korea
country	St. Mary's College of Engineering and Technology (SMCET) is a technical institute located in Hyderabad, India.	St. Mary's College of Engineering and Technology	India
country	Neve Yarak (Hebrew: נְוֵה יָרָק, lit. Greenery Home) is a moshav in central Israel.	Neve Yarak	Israel
country	Medzany (Hungarian: Megye) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Medzany	Slovakia
country	The Port of Salvador is a seaport located in All Saints Bay in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil.	Port of Salvador	Brazil
country	Silvera for Seniors is a charitable, not-for-profit organization based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada that provides subsidized housing to more than 1500 lower-income senior citizens in the city.	Silvera for Seniors	Canada
country	Vabzar (Persian: وبذر‎, also Romanized as Vabẕar) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Vabzar	Iran
country	Aruvikkuzhi Waterfalls (not to be confused with Aruvikkuzhy Falls in pathanamthitta, Kerala) is a waterfall near Kottayam in the Kerala state of India.	Aruvikkuzhi Waterfalls	India
country	Hajji Mosayyeb (Persian: حاجي مصييب‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Moşayyeb) is a village in Benajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Bonab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hajji Mosayyeb	Iran
country	The most famous Lateran buildings are the Lateran Palace, once called the Palace of the Popes, and the Basilica of St. John Lateran, the cathedral of Rome, which although part of Italy is a property of the Holy See that has extraterritorial privileges as a result of the 1929 Lateran Treaty.	Lateran	Italy
country	Kir Lake (Lac Kir) is an artificial lake located south west of Dijon, France.	Kir Lake	France
country	Aqchiqucha (Quechua aqchi hawk or sparrowhawk, qucha lake,``hawk lake'', hispanicized spellings Acchicocha, Achicocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region, Huancayo Province, Chongos Alto District.	Aqchiqucha	Peru
country	Sjonhem Church (Swedish: Sjonhems kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church on the island of Gotland, Sweden.	Sjonhem Church	Sweden
country	Lake Porkuni is a lake in Porkuni, in northern Estonia.	Lake Porkuni	Estonia
country	The Knox Rugby Club, formerly known as Knox Old Boys RUFC, is a rugby union football club which plays in Division One of the New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union and is based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Knox Rugby Club	Australia
country	Okakarara is a town in Otjozondjupa Region, Namibia, located 50 km southeast of Waterberg National Park.	Okakarara	Namibia
country	The Planetarium Science Center is a department in the Bibliotheca Alexandrina in Alexandria, Egypt.	Planetarium Science Center	Egypt
country	The Mulde (German pronunciation: (ˈmʊldə)) is a river in Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Mulde	Germany
country	The Victorian Heritage Register (VHR) lists places of cultural heritage significance to the State of Victoria, Australia.	Victorian Heritage Register	Australia
country	Vágatunnilin (Faroese) or Vágar Tunnel (English) is a 4,940 metres (16,210 ft) long undersea road tunnel in the Faroe Islands.	Vágatunnilin	Faroe Islands
country	Magiko (Greek: Μαγικό) is a settlement in the Vistonida municipal unit, Xanthi regional unit of Greece.	Magiko	Greece
country	Vordingborg is an old ferry town in Vordingborg Municipality in Denmark.	Vordingborg	Denmark
country	The Tampico Bridge (Spanish: Puente Tampico) is a vehicular cable-stayed bridge in Mexico, located on the Pánuco River in the city of Tampico, Tamaulipas, near to the Gulf of Mexico.	Tampico Bridge	Mexico
country	Voranava or Voronovo (Belarusian: Воранава, Russian: Вороново, Polish: Woronów) is a town in Belarus, in Grodno Region.	Voranava	Belarus
country	Korapuzha also known as Elathur River is a short river of 40 km (25 mi), with a drainage area of 624 km2 (241 sq mi), flowing through the Kozhikode district of Kerala state in India.	Korapuzha	India
country	Bonakal is a subdivision of Khammam District of Telangana state in India.	Bonakal	India
country	Albertslund is a Copenhagen suburb in Albertslund Municipality, Denmark.	Albertslund	Denmark
country	Russian-Tajik Slavonic University (RTSU), also known as Russian-Tajik University, is a university in Tajikistan located in Dushanbe.	Russian-Tajik Slavonic University	Tajikistan
country	Roszki-Wodźki (ˈrɔʂki ˈvɔt͡ɕki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Roszki-Wodźki	Poland
country	Pameungpeuk is a small town near the coast of southwestern Java, Indonesia.	Pameungpeuk	Indonesia
country	Sipoonkorpi National Park (Finnish: Sipoonkorven kansallispuisto, Swedish: Sibbo storskogs nationalpark) is a national park in Finland.	Sipoonkorpi National Park	Finland
country	Labasa (pronounced (lamˈbasa)) is a town in Fiji with a population of 27,949 at the most recent census held in 2007.	Labasa	Fiji
country	Gedser Odde on the island of Falster in the Baltic Sea is Denmark's southernmost point.	Gedser Odde	Denmark
country	Brautsee (Danish: Brudesøen) is a lake in Schleswig, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Brautsee	Germany
country	The Saint-Robert-Bellarmin Wind Project is a wind farm in the municipality of Saint-Robert-Bellarmin, Quebec in Canada.	Saint-Robert-Bellarmin Wind Project	Canada
country	Yana Ranra (Quechua yana black, ranra stony; stony ground, ``black stony ground'', also spelled Yanarangra) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Yana Ranra	Peru
country	The Mata River is a river of the East Coast of the North Island of New Zealand.	Mata River	New Zealand
country	Calitzdorp is a town on the Western side of the Little or Klein Karoo in the Western Cape Province of South Africa and lies on South Africa's Route 62.	Calitzdorp	South Africa
country	Darbahan (Persian: دربهان‎, also Romanized as Darbahān and Darbakhan) is a village in Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Darbahan	Iran
country	Čukarički Stadium, also known as Stadion na Banovom brdu (English: Banovo Brdo Stadium) is a multi-purpose stadium in Belgrade, Serbia.	Čukarički Stadium	Serbia
country	Jaydasht (Persian: جايدشت‎, also Romanized as Jāydasht; also known as Jā Dasht) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jaydasht	Iran
country	Ołpiny (ɔu̯ˈpinɨ) is a village in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship (province), district of Tarnów, gmina (commune) of Szerzyny, in southeastern Poland.	Ołpiny	Poland
country	Afipsky (Russian: Афипский) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Seversky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the left bank of the Afips River, 15 kilometers (9.3 mi) from Krasnodar.	Afipsky	Russia
country	Darlington Probation Station was a convict penal settlement on Maria Island, Tasmania (then Van Diemen's Land), from 1825 to 1832, then later a convict probation station during the last phase of convict management in eastern Australia (1842--1850).	Darlington Probation Station	Australia
country	Valhúsaskóli, commonly referred to as Való, is a middle school located in Seltjarnarnes, Iceland.	Valhúsaskóli	Iceland
country	The Bärenbrucher Teich (``Bärenbruch Pond'') is an historic reservoir in the Harz Mountains of central Germany.	Bärenbrucher Teich	Germany
country	The Nescio Bridge (or Nesciobrug in Dutch) is an award-winning cycle and footbridge in the Netherlands.	Nescio Bridge	Netherlands
country	Pacinje (pronounced (ˈpaːtsinjɛ)) is a village on the right bank of the Pesnica River in the Municipality of Ptuj in northeastern Slovenia.	Pacinje	Slovenia
country	Nekhel (Arabic: نِخِل‎ Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: (ˈnexel); also spelled and pronounced Nakhl (næxl)) is the capital of Nekhel Municipality of North Sinai Governorate, Sinai, Egypt.	Nekhel	Egypt
country	Nea Mesangala (Greek: Νέα Μεσάγκαλα) is a beach settlement of the community of Aigani, a former municipal district of Kato Olympos, which is part of the municipality of Tempi in the Larissa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Nea Mesangala	Greece
country	Chaker Bazar (Persian: چاكربازار‎, also Romanized as Chāker Bāzār; also known as Shāker Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chaker Bazar	Iran
country	Begnas Lake is a freshwater lake in Lekhnath municipality of Kaski district of Nepal located in the south-east of the Pokhara Valley.	Begnas Lake	Nepal
country	Krajna Vas (pronounced (ˈkɾaːi̯na ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Krajna vas) is a village in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia, close to the border with Italy.	Krajna Vas	Slovenia
country	Kasetsart University Laboratory School Center for Educational Research and Development (Thai: โรงเรียนสาธิตแห่งมหาวิทยาลัยเกษตรศาสตร์ ศูนย์วิจัยและพัฒนาการศึกษา, Roangrian Satit Haeng Mahawittayalai Kasetsart Sunwichailaepattana Kansueksa), informally known as Satit Kaset (Thai:สาธิตเกษตร), is a well-known laboratory school in Bangkok, Thailand, operated under the auspices of Faculty of Education, Kasetsart University.	Kasetsart University Laboratory School	Thailand
country	Viver is a town in the Castellón province of Valencian Community, Spain.	Viver	Spain
country	Bad König is a town and resort (Kurort) in the central Odenwald in the Odenwaldkreis (district) in Hesse, Germany, 29 km southeast of Darmstadt.	Bad König	Germany
country	Fukersberg (or Fuckersberg) is a populated place in Upper Austria, Austria.	Fukersberg	Austria
country	Mala Račna (pronounced (ˈmaːla ˈɾaːtʃna); German: Kleinratschna) is a settlement in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Mala Račna	Slovenia
country	The Museum of the Nation (Museo de la Nación) is one of two major museums of Peruvian history in Lima, Peru.	Museum of the Nation	Peru
country	Očová (older Hungarian spelling: Ocsova) is a village and municipality of the Zvolen District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Očová	Slovakia
country	Mogiel (ˈmɔɡʲɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mogiel	Poland
country	FC Tighina is a Moldovan football club based in Bender (also known as Tighina), Moldova.	FC Tighina	Moldova
country	Lake Aylmer (French: Lac Aylmer) is a lake located in the Chaudière-Appalaches region of Quebec, Canada.	Lake Aylmer	Canada
country	Varig Flight 820 was a scheduled international passenger flight from Galeão Airport, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil to Orly Airport, Paris, France.	Varig Flight 820	France
country	The Hugh Wooding Law School (HWLS) is a law school in Trinidad and Tobago.	Hugh Wooding Law School	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Entre-Deux-Mers is a wine region in Bordeaux, in France.	Entre-Deux-Mers	France
country	The College of the Rockies is a Canadian public community college, located in the southeast corner of British Columbia, Canada.	College of the Rockies	Canada
country	Vue Weekly is an alternative weekly newspaper published in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada and with new issues coming out every Thursday.	Vue Weekly	Canada
country	The North Luzon West Expressway is a 4-lane, 238.5-kilometer, limited-access toll expressway that is under construction on the island of Luzon in the Philippines.	North Luzon West Expressway	Philippines
country	Hudo Brezje (pronounced (ˈxuːdɔ ˈbɾeːzjɛ)) is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Sava River in the western Krško Hills (Slovene: Krško gričevje) in east-central Slovenia.	Hudo Brezje	Slovenia
country	The Bealey River is a small river located in the Southern Alps of New Zealand.	Bealey River	New Zealand
country	Céret (French: (seʁɛ); Catalan: Ceret (səˈɾɛt)) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Céret	France
country	Morinë is a settlement in eastern Albania, on the border with Kosovo.	Morinë	Albania
country	Ring II (pronounced ``ring two'', Finnish: Kehä II, Swedish: Ring II) in the region of Espoo is one of the major highways in Finland, .	Ring II	Finland
country	The Gardiner Museum is Canada's national ceramics museum.	Gardiner Museum	Canada
country	Gornje Vreme (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnjɛ ˈwɾeːmɛ); Italian: Auremo di Sopra) is a village on the banks of the Reka River in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Gornje Vreme	Slovenia
country	The Port-au-Prince International Jazz Festival (French: Festival International de Jazz de Port-au-Prince) is a large annual jazz festival held in Haiti.	Port-au-Prince International Jazz Festival	Haiti
country	The Inziana River is a river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, flowing east out of the Pacific Ranges into the head of Owikeno Lake.	Inziana River	Canada
country	The Canadian Postmasters and Assistants Association or CPAA represents rural postal workers for the Canada Post Corporation.	Canadian Postmasters and Assistants Association	Canada
country	Schloss Ueckermünde is a Schloss in Ueckermünde in Vorpommern-Greifswald, one of the latest buildings in the Pomeranian dukes in Germany.	Schloss Ueckermünde	Germany
country	Porlamar is the largest city on Isla Margarita, Nueva Esparta State in Venezuela.	Porlamar	Venezuela
country	MacRitchie Viaduct (sometimes also called Lornie Viaduct) is a viaduct in Thomson, Singapore that was built on top of Lornie Road and Thomson Road, with its extension also above Braddell Road.	MacRitchie Viaduct	Singapore
country	The Saratov Aviation Plant (Saratovskiy Aviatsionnyy Zavod, SAZ, Саратовский Авиационный Завод, САЗ) is a Russian/Soviet aircraft production facility, located in Saratov, Russia.	Saratov Aviation Plant	Russia
country	The Alice Springs Reptile Centre is a privately operated reptile centre and environmental education facility in Alice Springs in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Alice Springs Reptile Centre	Australia
country	Qanlıkənd (also, Kanlykend) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qanlıkənd	Azerbaijan
country	In 1963 the first and only one Special School for Aeronautical and Spatial Medicine in Italy was created out of Center of Studies and Research on Aeronautical Medicine to do research work in the new field of Space activities.	Special School for Aeronautical and Spatial Medicine	Italy
country	Tilooyi (Persian: تیلوئی ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tilooyi	Iran
country	Forst (Lausitz) (Lower Sorbian: Baršć) is a town in Brandenburg, Germany.	Forst (Lausitz)	Germany
country	Samlout District (Khmer: ស្រុកសំឡូត) is a district (srok) of Battambang Province, in north-western Cambodia.	Samlout District	Cambodia
country	The Liberals for Åland (Swedish: Liberalerna på Åland) is a liberal political party of the Åland Islands.	Liberals for Åland	Åland Islands
country	Bahary (Arabic: بحري‎) is a neighborhood in Alexandria, Egypt.	Bahary	Egypt
country	The Province of Vicenza (Italian: Provincia di Vicenza) is a province in the Veneto region of northern Italy.	Province of Vicenza	Italy
country	Mashahran (Persian: ماهشهران‎, also Romanized as Māshahrān and Māshehrān; also known as Māh Shahrān and Māshahrān-e Now) is a village in Tiab Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mashahran	Iran
country	The Cuchilla de Caraguatá is a range of hills in Uruguay.	Cuchilla de Caraguatá	Uruguay
country	Tibidabo (Catalan pronunciation: (tiβiˈðaβu)) is a mountain overlooking Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Tibidabo	Spain
country	Loit (Danish: Løjt) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Loit	Germany
country	Frauenbad Stadthausquai is a public bath in Zürich, Switzerland, being part of the historical the Seeuferanlage promenades that were built between 1881 and 1887.	Frauenbad Stadthausquai	Switzerland
country	Malmaddi is a residential area in Dharwad city, Karnataka, India, located near the Dharwad city railway station.	Malmaddi	India
country	Nausena Baugh (In Hindi - नौसेना बाग)is a Naval Base located near the Anushakti Nagar in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Nausena Baugh	India
country	O Porriño is a municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra.	O Porriño	Spain
country	Mount Echigo-Komagatake or Uonuma-Komagatake (越後駒ヶ岳 or 魚沼駒ヶ岳) is a mountain located on the border of Uonuma and Minamiuonuma, Niigata Prefecture, Japan, with an elevation of 2,002.7 m (6,571 ft) It is one of the 100 famous mountains in Japan.	Mount Echigo-Komagatake	Japan
country	Bast Bani (Persian: بست بني‎, also Romanized as Bast Banī) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bast Bani	Iran
country	The Toronto Standard is an English language digital newspaper based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Toronto Standard	Canada
country	Otrhánky (Hungarian: Eszterce) is a village and municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Otrhánky	Slovakia
country	Sherkat Chah (Persian: شركت چاه‎, also Romanized as Sherkat Chāh) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sherkat Chah	Iran
country	Anzio (ˈantsjo) is a city and comune on the coast of the Lazio region of Italy, about 51 kilometres (32 mi) south of Rome.	Anzio	Italy
country	Alatyr River (Russian: Алатырь) is a river in Mordovia in Russia, Sura's left tributary.	Alatyr River	Russia
country	Poienile de sub Munte (Ukrainian: Русь Поляни, Поляни or Полонина; Hungarian: Ruszpolyána or Havasmező; Polish: Ruska Polana; German: Reußenau; Hebrew: פאליען-ריסקווה‎) is a commune in Maramureş County, northern Romania.	Poienile de sub Munte	Romania
country	The Helmholtz Institute Jena was founded as an outstation of the GSI Helmholtzzentrum für Schwerionenforschung on June 25, 2009 and is located on the campus of the Friedrich Schiller University (FSU) in the city of Jena, Germany.	Helmholtz Institute Jena	Germany
country	The Certificate in Education (Cert Ed) is a professional qualification for teachers in the United Kingdom.	Certificate in Education	United Kingdom
country	Wingecarribee Shire is the local government area of the Southern Highlands in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Wingecarribee Shire	Australia
country	The Roman temple of Alcántara is located at one side of the Alcántara Bridge, Cáceres, Extremadura (Spain).	Roman temple of Alcántara	Spain
country	Dugadda or Dogadda(दुगड्डा) is a small city and a municipal board in Pauri Garhwal District in the state of Uttarakhand, India.	Dogadda	India
country	Laskuti (Persian: لاسكوتي‎, also Romanized as Lāskūtī; also known as Lāskū’ī) is a village in Natel-e Restaq Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Laskuti	Iran
country	The Skulpturenpark Artpark (Sculpture garden Artpark) is a sculpture garden in the city of Linz, Austria, where more than 20 artists had created their sculptures.	Skulpturenpark Artpark	Austria
country	Museum Ovartaci in Aarhus, Denmark is a combined art and historical museum dedicated to the history of psychiatric treatment and art produced by patients at the Risskov Psychiatric Hospital.	Museum Ovartaci	Denmark
country	Atakum is a central district in Samsun, Turkey.	Atakum	Turkey
country	Punto Fijo is the capital city of the municipality of Carirubana in northern Falcón State, Venezuela.	Punto Fijo	Venezuela
country	Yarkona (Hebrew: יַרְקוֹנָה) is a moshav in central Israel.	Yarkona	Israel
country	Woodville Oval (currently Maughan Thiem Hyundai Oval and formerly Unleash Solar Oval) is primarily an Australian rules football and cricket oval found on Oval Avenue in the western Adelaide suburb of Woodville in South Australia.	Woodville Oval	Australia
country	Leoben (German pronunciation: (leˈoːbn̩)) is a Styrian city in central Austria, located by the Mur river.	Leoben	Austria
country	Lancaster Sound (Inuktitut ᑕᓪᓗᕈᑎᐅᑉ ᑕᕆᐅᖓ Tallurutiup Tariunga) is a body of water in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada.	Lancaster Sound	Canada
country	The Südost Autobahn (A3; 'Southeast Motorway') is a motorway, or ``Autobahn'', in Austria.	Südost Autobahn	Austria
country	The Nemegt Formation (or Nemegtskaya Svita) is a geological formation in the Gobi desert of Mongolia, dating from the Late Cretaceous.	Nemegt Formation	Mongolia
country	Seoul National University Law School (also known as SNU Law) is one of the professional graduate schools of Seoul National University, located in Seoul, South Korea.	Seoul National University Law School	South Korea
country	Roundwood, historically known as Tóchar (Irish: an Tóchar, meaning ``the causeway''), is a village in County Wicklow, Ireland.	Roundwood	Ireland
country	Thai Airways Company or Thai Airways (TAC; Thai: เดินอากาศไทย) was the domestic flag carrier of Thailand.	Thai Airways Company	Thailand
country	Teneniai is a small town in Šilalė district municipality, Tauragė County, in western Lithuania.	Teneniai	Lithuania
country	The Queenston Formation is a geological formation of Upper Ordovician age (Maysvillian to Richmondian Stage), which outcrops in Ontario, Canada (along the northern and eastern flanks of the Niagara Escarpment, as well as east of Ottawa) and New York, United States (just south of Lake Ontario).	Queenston Formation	Canada
country	Damsholte Church, located in the village of Damsholte on the island of Møn in southeastern Denmark, is the only village church in the country built in the Rococo style.	Damsholte Church	Denmark
country	El Feidja National Park is located in Northwest Tunisia and has an area of 2,765 hectares (6,830 acres).	El Feidja National Park	Tunisia
country	Café In 2004, the Forest Café became one of only four internet cafés in the United Kingdom to have won a highly recommended citation in the Yahoo! Mail Internet Café Awards.	Forest Café	United Kingdom
country	Birkenhead Public Library (Te Whare Matauranga o Birkenhead in Māori) is a New Zealand library, part of the Auckland Libraries system.	Birkenhead Public Library	New Zealand
country	Mardekheh (Persian: مردخه‎, also Romanized as Mardakheh; also known as Mardakhe) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mardekheh	Iran
country	Radišići (Serbian: Радишићи) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Radišići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Tianguis Cultural del Chopo is a Saturday flea market (tianguis in Mexican Spanish) near Mexico City downtown, known locally as El Chopo.	Tianguis Cultural del Chopo	Mexico
country	Zhukiv (Ukrainian Жуків), is a major village in Berezhany Raion of Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine.	Zhukiv	Ukraine
country	Beinamar is a small city in Chad.	Beinamar	Chad
country	The London England Temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, is just over the Surrey border at Newchapel; and the United Kingdom (and former world) headquarters of the Church of Scientology is at Saint Hill Manor on the southwestern edge of East Grinstead.	East Grinstead	United Kingdom
country	Spodnje Loke (pronounced (ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈloːkɛ) or (ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈlɔːkɛ)) is a settlement east of Krašnja on the main road from Ljubljana to Celje in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Spodnje Loke	Slovenia
country	Whangape Harbour is a harbour on the west coast of Northland, New Zealand.	Whangape Harbour	New Zealand
country	Algorta is a locality within the municipality of Getxo, in the province of Biscay, Basque Country, Spain.	Algorta	Spain
country	Tunulliarfik Fjord (old spelling: Tunugdliarfik) is a fjord in the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland.	Tunulliarfik Fjord	Greenland
country	Svätý Jur (German: Sankt Georgen, Hungarian: Szentgyörgy) is a small town northeast of Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia.	Svätý Jur	Slovakia
country	Makradeo is a village in Jhadol tahsil in Udaipur district of Rajasthan state of India.	Makradeo	India
country	Älmhult Municipality (Älmhults kommun) is a municipality in central Kronoberg County in southern Sweden, where the town of Älmhult is seat.	Älmhult Municipality	Sweden
country	Chini Integrated Quarry (Persian: مجتمع معدن سنگ چيني‎, also Romanized as Mojtame` Ma``dan Sang-e Chīnī) is a village and company town in Hana Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 4 families.	Chini Integrated Quarry	Iran
country	Dzietrzkowice (d͡ʑɛtʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubnice, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dzietrzkowice	Poland
country	Jurišna Vas (pronounced (ˈjuːɾiʃna ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Jurišna vas) is a village in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Jurišna Vas	Slovenia
country	Tell Qaramel (also Tel Qaramel or Tel al-Qaramel, Arabic: تل القرامل‎) is a tell, or archaeological mound, located in the north of present-day Syria, 25 km north of Aleppo and about 65 km south of the Taurus mountains, adjacent to the river Quweiq.	Tell Qaramel	Syria
country	Antrodoco is a town and comune in the province of Rieti, in the Lazio region of central Italy.	Antrodoco	Italy
country	Sfax (Arabic: صفاقس‎ Ṣfāqes; Berber: Sifaks) is a city in Tunisia, located 270 km (170 mi) southeast of Tunis.	Sfax	Tunisia
country	The Catholic All Schools Sports Association (CAS) is a group of Catholic schools in Victoria, Australia.	Catholic All Schools Sports Association	Australia
country	Ottoshoop is one of the small towns in the City of Mafikeng in the North West Province of South Africa, situated 20km from the city of Mafikeng on the way to the town of Zeerust.	Ottoshoop	South Africa
country	Cheshmeh Bar (Persian: چشمه بار‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Bār and Chashmeh Bār; also known as Chashmeh Bad) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Bar	Iran
country	Geojedo or Geoje Island (also often spelled Koje Island) is the principal island of Geoje City, on the southern coast of Gyeongsangnam-do province, South Korea.	Geojedo	South Korea
country	Ebeltoft is an old port town on the central east coast of Denmark with a population of 7,468 (1 January 2014).	Ebeltoft	Denmark
country	Ullevi, sometimes known as Nya Ullevi (Swedish: ((ˈnyːa) ˈɵlːəviː), New Ullevi), is a multi-purpose stadium in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Ullevi	Sweden
country	The A432 autoroute is a motorway in Lyon, France.	A432 autoroute	France
country	Mchowice (mxɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mchowice	Poland
country	Wredeby Airfield (ICAO: EFWB) is an aerodrome located in Kouvola, Finland, about 7 kilometres (4 mi) southwest of Anjalankoski.	Wredeby Airfield	Finland
country	Šnipiškės (also known as New City Centre) is a neighborhood in Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania.	Šnipiškės	Lithuania
country	Lejasciems (German: Aahof) is a village in Gulbene municipality, Latvia.	Lejasciems	Latvia
country	Amiran-e Sofla (Persian: اميران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Amīrān-e Soflá; also known as Amīrān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Falard Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Amiran-e Sofla	Iran
country	Tipu Sultan's Summer Palace, in Bangalore, India, is an example of Indo-Islamic architecture and was the summer residence of the Mysorean ruler Tipu Sultan.	Tipu Sultan's Summer Palace	India
country	The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research is Australia's oldest medical research institute.	Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research	Australia
country	As per 2011 Census of India Bhagawangola I CD Block had a total population of 202,071, all of which were rural.	Bhagawangola I	India
country	Dobczyce (dɔpˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a town in southern Poland, situated since 1999 in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship (previously in Kraków Voivodeship from 1975 to 1998).	Dobczyce	Poland
country	Laigneville, also Laigneville-sur-Brêche, is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.	Laigneville	France
country	Waraqu Urqu (Quechua waraqu cactus, urqu mountain, ``cactus mountain'', also spelled Waraju Orqo, Waraqo Orqo) is an archaeological site in the Ayacucho Region in Peru.	Waraqu Urqu	Peru
country	Uden-Veghel is a polycentric metropolitan area, centred on the towns of Uden and Veghel, in the east of the province of North Brabant in the southern Netherlands.	Uden-Veghel	Netherlands
country	The Bonyic Dam is a gravity dam on the Bonyic River, a tributary of the Teribe River about 24 km (15 mi) southwest of Changuinola in the Bocas del Toro province of northwestern Panama.	Bonyic Dam	Panama
country	Çüdüllü (also, Çudulu, Chudullu, Chudulo, and Chudulu) is a village in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çüdüllü	Azerbaijan
country	Wawota is a community of 591 people, located along Highway 48 in southeastern Saskatchewan, Canada.	Wawota	Canada
country	Davleia (Greek: Δαύλεια) is a village and a former municipality in Boeotia, Greece.	Davleia	Greece
country	Węgliniec (vɛŋˈɡliɲɛt͡s) (German: Kohlfurt) is a town in Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Węgliniec	Poland
country	Baluan Island is the southern most island of the Admiralty Islands group which make up the majority of Manus Province in Papua New Guinea.	Baluan Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Dzietrzychowice (d͡ʑɛtʂɨxɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Dittersbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań, within Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Dzietrzychowice	Poland
country	Bansont (Persian: بانسنت‎, also Romanized as Bānsont and Bānesont; also known as Bāksūnat and Bānsunt) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bansont	Iran
country	Otjomuise (Otjiherero: place of steam) is a township in north-western Windhoek, Namibia.	Otjomuise	Namibia
country	Chbika is a small coastal town and rural commune in Tan-Tan Province of the Guelmim-Es Semara region of Morocco.	Chbika	Morocco
country	Kabul Library is one of Afghanistan's oldest and largest libraries, located in the capital Kabul.	Kabul Library	Afghanistan
country	A European political party (formally, a political party at European level; informally a Europarty) is a type of political party organisation operating transnationally in Europe and in the institutions of the European Union.	European political party	European Union
country	Kaffrine Department is one of the departments of Senegal, located in the Kaffrine Region, formerly part of the Kaolack Region.	Kaffrine Department	Senegal
country	Sorsavesi is a rather bigmedium-sized lake in the southeast of Finland, partly in the region Southern Savonia and partly in Northern Savonia.	Sorsavesi	Finland
country	The North Toronto railway station is a former Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) station in the Summerhill neighbourhood of Toronto, Canada.	North Toronto railway station	Canada
country	Urengoy (Russian: Уренго́й) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Purovsky District of Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia.	Urengoy	Russia
country	Hertsa (Ukrainian: Герца, Romanian: Herța pronounced (ˈhert͡sa)) is a city located in Chernivtsi Oblast in western Ukraine.	Hertsa	Ukraine
country	Persiaran Kewajipan is a major road in Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.	Persiaran Kewajipan	Malaysia
country	Statland is a village in the northern part of the municipality of Namdalseid in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Statland	Norway
country	Provence Power Station is an 868 MW coal-fired power station at Gardanne, France.	Provence Power Station	France
country	Trenque Lauquen is a city in the west of the province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, 444 km (276 mi) from Buenos Aires City and 80 km (50 mi) from the border with the province of La Pampa, on the intersection of National Routes 5 and 33.	Trenque Lauquen	Argentina
country	Wadi al-Jarf is the present name for an area on the Red Sea coast of Egypt, 119 km (74 mi) south of Suez, that is the site of the oldest known artificial harbor on the world.	Wadi al-Jarf	Egypt
country	Brau Holding International GmbH & Co. KGaA is a holding company for several breweries in Germany.	Brau Holding International	Germany
country	Tandian (sometimes spelled as Tandiyan) is a village in Sardulgarh tehsil of Mansa district in Punjab, India.	Tandian	India
country	Traunstein is a town in the south-eastern part of Bavaria, Germany, and is the administrative center of a much larger district of the same name.	Traunstein	Germany
country	Sohraneh (Persian: سهرانه‎, also Romanized as Sohrāneh) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sohraneh	Iran
country	As reported by the Census of India 2011 Manjhaul village has population of 87411 of which 45453 are males while 41958 are females.	Manjhaul	India
country	Les Islettes is a commune in the Meuse department of Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Les Islettes	France
country	In Salah Airport is an airport in In Salah, Algeria (IATA: INZ, ICAO: DAUI).	In Salah Airport	Algeria
country	Rubkona (or Rub Kona, Rub-Koni) is a town in Unity State, South Sudan.	Rubkona	South Sudan
country	Waitomo District is a territorial authority, located in the Waikato region, at the north of the King Country area in the North Island of New Zealand.	Waitomo District	New Zealand
country	Cerdanya (Catalan pronunciation: (sərˈðaɲə), Latin: Ceretania or Ceritania, French: Cerdagne, Spanish: Cerdaña), often la Cerdanya, is a natural comarca and historical region of the eastern Pyrenees divided between France and Spain.	Cerdanya	Spain
country	Doctor's Lake West Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CDL6) is located on Doctor's Lake, 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) northwest of Nova Scotia Trunk 1 and north-northeast of Lake Milo and Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Doctor's Lake West Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Museum of Asian Art (German: Museum für Asiatische Kunst) is located in the Dahlem neighborhood of the borough of Steglitz-Zehlendorf, Berlin, Germany.	Museum of Asian Art	Germany
country	Punucapa (from Mapudungun Cunucapi, black/fertile earth for legumes) is a hamlet (Spanish: caserío) of pre-Hispanic origin in Los Ríos Region, Chile.	Punucapa	Chile
country	Mater Dei Institute of Education (Irish: Institiúid Oideachais Mater Dei) is a linked college of Dublin City University since 1999, located in Drumcondra, Dublin City, Ireland, near Croke Park, on the site of what was formerly Clonliffe College, the Roman Catholic Seminary for the Archdiocese of Dublin.	Mater Dei Institute of Education	Ireland
country	Real Teatro de las Cortes is a theatre located on Calle de las Cortes in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain.	Real Teatro de las Cortes	Spain
country	Julia Vargas Avenue is the central east-west artery through Ortigas Center in Metro Manila, Philippines.	Julia Vargas Avenue	Philippines
country	VSM Group AB (Viking Sewing Machines), previously named Husqvarna Sewing Machines is a company based in Huskvarna, Sweden.	VSM Group	Sweden
country	Pilda parish (Latvian: Pildas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Ludza District, Latvia.	Pilda parish	Latvia
country	Dalad Banner (Mongolian: ᠳᠠᠯᠠᠳ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Dalad qosiɣu; simplified Chinese: 达拉特旗; traditional Chinese: 達拉特旗; pinyin: Dálātè Qí) is a banner of western Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, lying on the southern (right) bank of the Yellow River.	Dalad Banner	People's Republic of China
country	Tardets-Sorholus (Basque: Atharratze-Sorholüze) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Tardets-Sorholus	France
country	Laitila (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈlɑitilɑ); Swedish: Letala) is a town and a municipality of Finland.	Laitila	Finland
country	Tribune Channel is a channel or strait on the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, separating Gilford Island on the west and north from the mainland.	Tribune Channel	Canada
country	Hadji Hassan Mahala is the third biggest Roma ghetto in Plovdiv, Bulgaria.	Hadji Hassan Mahala	Bulgaria
country	Wetar is one of the 92 officially listed outlying islands of Indonesia.	Wetar	Indonesia
country	Goszczanówko (ɡɔʂt͡ʂaˈnufkɔ) (German: Guschterbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Goszczanówko	Poland
country	The German Green Belt (Grünes Band Deutschland in German) is a project of Bund Naturschutz (BUND), one of Germany's largest environmental groups.	German Green Belt	Germany
country	The Abu Simbel temples are two massive rock temples at Abu Simbel (أبو سمبل in Arabic), a village in Nubia, southern Egypt, near the border with Sudan.	Abu Simbel temples	Egypt
country	Jungfrau Park is an amusement park located near Interlaken, Switzerland.	Jungfrau Park	Switzerland
country	Sitniče (Serbian: Ситниче) is a village in the municipality of Novi Pazar, Serbia & Montenegro.	Sitniče	Serbia
country	Oyi is a Local Government Area and city in Anambra State, Nigeria.	Oyi	Nigeria
country	Odolena Voda is a town in Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic located about 16 km north of Prague.	Odolena Voda	Czech Republic
country	Dechencholing Palace (བདེ་ཆེན་ཆོས་གླིང་, Wylie: bde chen chos gling) is located in Thimphu, the capital of Bhutan, 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) to the north of the Tashichho Dzong and 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of the city centre.	Dechencholing Palace	Bhutan
country	Killaspuglonane (Irish: Cill Easpaig Lonáin) is a civil parish in County Clare, Ireland.	Killaspuglonane	Ireland
country	Khramort (also Xramort; Azerbaijani: Pirlər, Armenian: Խրամորթ) is a village in Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Khramort	Azerbaijan
country	Solothurn railway station (Alemannic German: Bahnhof Solothurn) serves the municipality of Solothurn, the capital city of the Canton of Solothurn, Switzerland.	Solothurn railway station	Switzerland
country	Bygholm Castle is a former royal castle and manor house located just south of Horsens, Denmark.	Bygholm Castle	Denmark
country	Vinaq (Persian: وينق‎, also Romanized as Vīnaq; also known as Vinek) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District, Minjavan District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Vinaq	Iran
country	The Château de Sainte-Mère is a 13th-century ruined castle in the commune of Sainte-Mère in the Gers département of France.	Château de Sainte-Mère	France
country	Khafajah or Khafaje (ancient Tutub) is an archaeological site in Diyala Province (Iraq).	Khafajah	Iraq
country	Retowy (rɛˈtɔvɨ) (German: Rettauen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Retowy	Poland
country	El Mogote is a small peninsula located off the city of La Paz, Baja California Sur, Mexico.	El Mogote	Mexico
country	Kerkebet Subregion (Carcabat District) is a subregion in the northwestern Anseba region (Zoba Anseba) of Eritrea.	Kerkebet Subregion	Eritrea
country	Massala-Barala is a village in north-western Ivory Coast.	Massala-Barala	Ivory Coast
country	Assiut Airport (Arabic: مطار أسيوط‎) (IATA: ATZ, ICAO: HEAT) is an airport in Assiut (or Asyut), Egypt.	Assiut Airport	Egypt
country	Lievestuoreenjärvi is a medium-sized lake in Laukaa, Finland.	Lievestuoreenjärvi	Finland
country	Copenhagen Municipal Hospital (Danish: Københavns Kommunehospital) was a hospital that existed from 1863 until 1999 in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Copenhagen Municipal Hospital	Denmark
country	Björkhagen (The Birch Meadow) is a district (Swedish: stadsdel) in Skarpnäck borough, Stockholm, Sweden.	Björkhagen	Sweden
country	Urisići (Serbian: Урисићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Urisići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Szołtany (ʂɔu̯ˈtanɨ), (Lithuanian: Šaltėnai), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Szołtany	Poland
country	Mazraeh-ye Dozdakuiyeh (Persian: مزرعه دزدكويه‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Dozdakūīyeh) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Dozdakuiyeh	Iran
country	The Sankt Egidien station is the railway station of the Municipality of Sankt Egidien, Saxony, Germany.	Sankt Egidien station	Germany
country	The Revival Centres International is a Pentecostal church with its headquarters in Melbourne, Australia.	Revival Centres International	Australia
country	Ngadi Chuli (also known as Peak 29, Dakura, Dakum, or Dunapurna) is a high peak in the Mansiri Himal (or Manaslu Himal), also known as the Gurkha Massif, in Nepal.	Ngadi Chuli	Nepal
country	Requesens Castle is a historical building in the municipality of la Jonquera, Catalonia, Spain.	Requesens Castle	Spain
country	Galugah (Persian: گلوگاه‎, also Romanized as Galūgāh) is a city in and the capital of Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Galugah	Iran
country	Hotel Torre Catalunya (also full name Gran Hotel Torre de Catalunya) is a skyscraper and hotel in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Hotel Torre Catalunya	Spain
country	The Koralm Tunnel is a railway tunnel that is under construction in Austria under the Koralpe mountain range.	Koralm Tunnel	Austria
country	Jimalalud is a 4th class, partially urban municipality in the first congressional district of the province of Negros Oriental, Central Visayas, Philippines.	Jimalalud	Philippines
country	Kardan University (Pashto: کاردان پوهنتون‎ / Persian: دانشگاه کاردان‎‎) founded in 2003 in Kabul, Afghanistan is the first privately owned university in Afghanistan.	Kardan University	Afghanistan
country	The Mausoleum at Halicarnassus or Tomb of Mausolus (Persian: آرامگاه هالیکارناسوس‎‎; Modern Greek: Μαυσωλείο της Αλικαρνασσού) was a tomb built between 353 and 350 BC at Halicarnassus (present Bodrum, Turkey) for Mausolus, a satrap in the Persian Empire, and his sister-wife Artemisia II of Caria.	Mausoleum at Halicarnassus	Turkey
country	Abadan Tappeh (Persian: آبادان تپه‎, also Romanized as Ābādān Tappeh) is a village in Aqabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Abadan Tappeh	Iran
country	Piskornik (pisˈkɔrnik) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Piskornik	Poland
country	Bukit Lumut Balai is a heavily eroded stratovolcano on Sumatra island, Indonesia.	Bukit Lumut Balai	Indonesia
country	Panellinios Indoor Hall, or Panellinios AC Indoor Hall, is an indoor sporting arena that is located in the district of Kypseli, Athens, Greece.	Panellinios Indoor Hall	Greece
country	Waidhofen an der Thaya is an Austrian town located on the German Thaya river in the district of the same name in Lower Austria.	Waidhofen an der Thaya	Austria
country	Lungotevere in Sassia is the stretch of Lungotevere that links Piazza della Rovere to Via San Pio X in Rome (Italy), in the Rione Borgo.	Lungotevere in Sassia	Italy
country	Miloslavska planina (Cyrillic: Милославска планина) is a mountain on the border of Serbia and Bulgaria, near the town of Dimitrovgrad.	Miloslavska planina	Bulgaria
country	Wellenstein (Luxembourgish: Wellesteen) is a small town in southeastern Luxembourg.	Wellenstein	Luxembourg
country	Merrylands High School is a coeducational, comprehensive high school in Merrylands, a suburb in Western Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Merrylands High School	Australia
country	North Jersey was the site of some of the earliest European settlements in what would become the United States of America.	North Jersey	United States of America
country	The Bech Ministry came into office in Luxembourg on 16 July 1926 after the resignation of the Prüm Ministry.	Bech Ministry	Luxembourg
country	Koerich Castle (French: Château de Koerich) is a ruin located in the village of Koerich in central Luxembourg.	Koerich Castle	Luxembourg
country	The Northern Territory Country Liberal Party (CLP) is an Australian Northern Territory political party affiliated with both the National (formerly ``Country'') and Liberal parties of Australia.	Country Liberal Party	Australia
country	Debyosy (Russian: Дебёсы; Udmurt: Дэбес) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Debyossky District of the Udmurt Republic, Russia.	Debyosy	Russia
country	Puszcza Zielonka Landscape Park (Polish: Park Krajobrazowy Puszcza Zielonka) is a protected area (Landscape Park) situated to the north-east of the city of Poznań in Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland.	Puszcza Zielonka Landscape Park	Poland
country	Beit Yashout (Arabic: بيت ياشوط‎) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Jableh District of the Latakia Governorate, and located south of Latakia.	Beit Yashout	Syria
country	Lutsk (Ukrainian: Луцьк, translit. Luts'k, Polish: Łuck, Belarusian: Луцак or Луцк, transliterated Lucak or Luck, Yiddish: לוצק‎) is a city on the Styr River in northwestern Ukraine.	Lutsk	Ukraine
country	Antikuna (Quechua for metals or minerals, the inhabitants of the rainforest or the Andes, hispanicized spelling Anticona), also called Ticlio (in hispanicized spelling), is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,150 metres (16,896 ft) high.	Antikuna	Peru
country	The Assyrian Democratic Movement (Syriac: ܙܘܥܐ ܕܝܡܘܩܪܛܝܐ ܐܬܘܪܝܐ; Zawʻá Demoqraṭáyá ʼÁṯuráyá) popularly known as Zowaa (``The Movement'' in Syriac) is an ethnic Assyrian political party in Iraq, and is currently the only Assyrian-based political party to be voting in the Iraqi parliament.	Assyrian Democratic Movement	Iraq
country	Port Macquarie-Hastings Council is a local government area in the mid north coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Port Macquarie-Hastings Council	Australia
country	The Kos Manor (Slovene: Kosova graščina) is a 16th-century manor house located in the Murova neighborhood of the town of Jesenice, Slovenia, at the street address of Cesta maršala Tita 64.	Kos Manor	Slovenia
country	Trans-Swiss Trail is a long-distance hiking trail in Switzerland.	Trans-Swiss Trail	Switzerland
country	Ghalleh Zaghesi (Persian: غله زاغسي‎, also Romanized as Ghalleh Zāghesī) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ghalleh Zaghesi	Iran
country	Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña, IATA: PSP, ICAO: SARS) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres (3 mi) northwest of Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña, Chaco, Argentina.	Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña Airport	Argentina
country	Boyuk Bolagh (Persian: بيوك بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Boyūk Bolāgh) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Boyuk Bolagh	Iran
country	Pircamal (also, Pirdgamal, Pirdzhamal, and Pirjamal) is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Pircamal	Azerbaijan
country	The Katholieke Universiteit Leuven (Dutch pronunciation: (katoˈlikə univɛrsiˈtɛit ˈløːvə(n)), listen ; Dutch for Catholic University of Leuven, but usually not translated into English), also known as KU Leuven or University of Leuven, is a Dutch-speaking university in Leuven, Flanders, Belgium.	Katholieke Universiteit Leuven	Belgium
country	Museum Island (German: Museumsinsel) is the name of the northern half of an island in the Spree river in the central Mitte district of Berlin, Germany, the site of the old city of Cölln.	Museum Island	Germany
country	The National Unity of Hope (Unidad Nacional de la Esperanza or UNE) is a political party in Guatemala.	National Unity of Hope	Guatemala
country	The Danto River or Río Danto is a river whose mouth comes out on the western side of La Ceiba, Honduras.	Danto River	Honduras
country	Khoruseh (Persian: خروسه‎, also Romanized as Khorūseh; also known as Khuruseh) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Khoruseh	Iran
country	Mal-e Kayid (Persian: مالكايد‎, also Romanized as Māl-e Kāyīd; also known as Māl-e Qāyed) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mal-e Kayid	Iran
country	Lillianes is a town and comune in the Aosta Valley region of north-western Italy.	Lillianes	Italy
country	Boliarov (Hungarian: Bolyár) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Boliarov	Slovakia
country	The Harischandra Range is a group of hills in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Harischandra Range	India
country	Cılfır (also, Dzhilfir and Dzhylfyr) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Cılfır	Azerbaijan
country	The Andijan Dam is a buttress dam on the Kara Darya River near Andijan in Andijan Region, Uzbekistan.	Andijan Dam	Uzbekistan
country	Zhytkavichy (Belarusian: Жыткавічы) is a town in the Gomel Region of Belarus, an administrative center of Zhytkavichy District.	Zhytkavichy	Belarus
country	Alykes (Greek: Αλυκές) is a former municipality on the island of Zakynthos, Ionian Islands, Greece.	Alykes	Greece
country	The Val Badia (Ladin: Val Badia; Italian: Val Badia; German: Gadertal) is the valley of the Gran Ega river in South Tyrol, Italy.	Val Badia	Italy
country	The Dennert Fir Tree (German: Dennert-Tanne also known as the Dennert'' scher Tannenbaum, Dennert-Tafel or Dennert-Fichte) is a signboard that is used throughout the Harz mountains in Germany to provide information about mining and other points of interest in the area.	Dennert Fir Tree	Germany
country	Trans Service Airlift (TSA) was an airline based at N'djili Airport, Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Trans Service Airlift	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	East Coast Group Representation Constituency (Chinese: 东海岸集选区; Malay: Kawasan Undi Perwakilan Berkumpulan East Coast; Tamil: ஈஸ்ட் கோஸ்ட் குழுத்தொகுதி) is a four-member Group Representation Constituency in the eastern area of Singapore.	East Coast Group Representation Constituency	Singapore
country	Butyrka prison (Russian: Бутырка, a colloquial term for the official Бутырская тюрьма, Butyrskaya tyurma) is a prison in the Tverskoy District of central Moscow, Russia.	Butyrka prison	Russia
country	Duddenhausen is a village in the municipality of Bücken, district of Nienburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Duddenhausen	Germany
country	Like the rest of the United Kingdom, Dawdon has a temperate climate.	Dawdon	United Kingdom
country	Five Mile Lake Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CNY5), was located on Five Mile Lake, Ontario, Canada.	Five Mile Lake Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Indramat GmbH, now part of Bosch Rexroth, was an industrial control firm founded in 1958, based in Neuwied (am Rhein), Germany.	Indramat	Germany
country	Big Bunsby Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park on the west coast of northern Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada, to the southeast of the Brooks Peninsula.	Big Bunsby Marine Provincial Park	Canada
country	Mont Risoux (or Grand Risoux) is a large wooded crest of the Jura Mountains, located between France and Switzerland.	Mont Risoux	Switzerland
country	Bröckel (pronounced with a long ö) is a municipality in the district of Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Bröckel	Germany
country	Cape Vilan (Galician: Cabo Vilán) is a rock-bound peninsula on the west coast of Galicia, Spain, located in Costa da Morte (``Coast of Death''), specifically close the village of Camariñas.	Cape Vilan	Spain
country	Kakavijë (Greek: Κακαβιά Kakavia) is a community in the Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.	Kakavijë	Albania
country	The Palácio Rio Negro (English: Rio Negro Palace) is a palace located in Petrópolis, mountainous region of the state of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Palácio Rio Negro	Brazil
country	Sneppen Bridge (Norwegian: Sneppenbrua) is a bridge that crosses the river Steinkjerelva in the town of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Sneppen Bridge	Norway
country	Sukma is a town in the newly formed, southernmost Sukma district in Chhattisgarh (South Bastar Region), India.	Sukma	India
country	Randabygd Church (Norwegian: Randabygd kyrkje) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Randabygd Church	Norway
country	Gliszcz (ɡliʂt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gliszcz	Poland
country	Stonglandet Church (Norwegian: Stonglandet kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tranøy in Troms county, Norway.	Stonglandet Church	Norway
country	Drinjača (Cyrillic: Дрињача) is a left tributary of the Drina in eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Drinjača	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Vertainspitze (Italian: Cima Vertana; German: Vertainspitze) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol, Italy.	Vertainspitze	Italy
country	The Al Hidayah Mosque (Malay: Masjid Al Hidayah) is a mosque located in Section 18, along Jalan Pinang 18/1 in Shah Alam, Malaysia.	Al Hidayah Mosque	Malaysia
country	Tinemu-ye Sofla (Persian: تينموسفلي‎, also Romanized as Tīnemū-ye Soflá, Tīnamu Soflá, Tīnamū-ye Soflá, Tīnemū-e Soflá; also known as Tīnemū-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Dinavar Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tinemu-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Gashtiari (Persian: گشت ياري‎, also Romanized as Gashtīārī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gashtiari	Iran
country	Oldedalen is a river valley in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Oldedalen	Norway
country	Czarze (ˈt͡ʂaʐɛ) (German Czarsen) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Czarze	Poland
country	Żywiec Landscape Park (Żywiecki Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in southern Poland.	Żywiec Landscape Park	Poland
country	The Kumya Bay Important Bird Area lies on the eastern coast of North Korea on the Sea of Japan.	Kumya Bay Important Bird Area	North Korea
country	Montes de Toledo Comarca (Spanish: Comarca de los Montes de Toledo) is a comarca located at the southern end of the province of Toledo, Spain.	Montes de Toledo Comarca	Spain
country	Erta Ale (or Ertale or Irta'ale) is a continuously active basaltic shield volcano in the Afar Region of northeastern Ethiopia.	Erta Ale	Ethiopia
country	Tando Gulshah(Urdu: ٹنڈو گلشاھ‎), is a village in the Naushahro Feroze District, of Sindh, Pakistan.	Tando Gulshah	Pakistan
country	Gojjam (Ge'ez ጎጃም gōjjām, originally ጐዛም gʷazzam, later ጐዣም gʷažžām, ጎዣም gōžžām) was a kingdom in the north-western part of Ethiopia, with its capital city at Debre Marqos.	Gojjam	Ethiopia
country	Boguchwała (bɔɡuˈxfawa) is a town in Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Boguchwała	Poland
country	Suurmetsä (Finnish), Storskog (Swedish) is a subdistrict of Helsinki, Finland.	Suurmetsä	Finland
country	El Nasr Girls' College (EGC) (Arabic: كلية النصر للبنات‎) is a school in Shatby, Alexandria, Egypt.	El Nasr Girls' College	Egypt
country	Meitar (Hebrew: מֵיתָר) is a small local council north-east of Beersheba, in Israel's Southern District.	Meitar	Israel
country	The Argentine Patriotic League (Liga Patriótica Argentina) was a Nacionalista paramilitary group, officially created in Buenos Aires on January 16, 1919, during the Tragic week events.	Argentine Patriotic League	Argentina
country	Kamishiiba Dam (Japanese: 上椎葉ダム ) is a dam in Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan.	Kamishiiba Dam	Japan
country	O Pereiro de Aguiar is a small municipality in the province of Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.	O Pereiro de Aguiar	Spain
country	Malo Tinje (pronounced (ˈmaːlɔ ˈtiːnjɛ)) is a small village in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Malo Tinje	Slovenia
country	The Boucheuse is a river in south-western France.	Boucheuse	France
country	Haddadan (Persian: حدادان‎, also Romanized as Ḩaddādan; also known as Haddadan Garmadooz) is a village in Seyyedan Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Haddadan	Iran
country	Punang Terusan is a town or settlement in Sarawak, Malaysia.	Punang Terusan	Malaysia
country	Farah Airport (IATA: FAH, ICAO: OAFR) is a military airport located in Farah, Afghanistan.	Farah Airport	Afghanistan
country	Khami (also written as Khame, Kame or Kami) is a ruined city located 22 kilometres west of Bulawayo, in Zimbabwe.	Khami	Zimbabwe
country	Padule is a frazione of the comune of Cascia in the Province of Perugia, Umbria, central Italy.	Padule	Italy
country	The Almoravid Koubba (or Koubba Ba'adiyin/Barudiyin) is a small Almoravid building in Marrakech, Morocco, dating to the 12th century.	Almoravid Koubba	Morocco
country	Križeča Vas (Slovene: Križeča vas) is a settlement in the Municipality of Poljčane in northeastern Slovenia.	Križeča Vas	Slovenia
country	The municipality of Domaljevac-Šamac is one of the newly created municipalities of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Domaljevac-Šamac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Tony Abbott, who was Australia's Prime Minister 2013-15, became interested in politics in 1976 after attending a National Civic Council conference.	National Civic Council	Australia
country	Vazirabad Waterworks (Persian: چاههاي كشاورزي وزيراباد‎ -- Chāh Hāy keshāvarzī-ye Vazīrābād) is a village and company town in Garkan-e Shomali Rural District, Pir Bakran District, Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Vazirabad Waterworks	Iran
country	Kansbahal is a modern industrial town situated in the state of Odisha India.	Kansbahal	India
country	The Batasan Road (formerly known as IBP Road) is a 6 to 10-lane highway located in the barangays of Batasan Hills, Payatas, and Commonwealth which are located all in Quezon City, Philippines.	Batasan Road	Philippines
country	Nangang Station (Chinese: 南港車站; pinyin: Nángǎng Chēzhàn) (formerly transliterated as Nankang Station until 2003) is a major railway station located in Nangang, Taipei, Taiwan, parallel to Zhongxiao East Road.	Nangang Station	Taiwan
country	Macia is a small town in Gaza Province, Mozambique, and the seat of the Bilene Macia district.	Macia	Mozambique
country	Allah Verdi Khan (Persian: اله ورديخان‎, also Romanized as Allāh Verdī Khān) is a village in Aladagh Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Allah Verdi Khan	Iran
country	Vaki Kola (Persian: واكي كلا‎, also Romanized as Vākī Kolā) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vaki Kola	Iran
country	The Southern Ontario Junior A Hockey League was a Tier II Junior ``A'' ice hockey that lasted from the late 1960s until 1977 in Southern Ontario, Canada.	Southern Ontario Junior A Hockey League	Canada
country	Kaftar Milan (Persian: كفترميلان‎, also Romanized as Kaftar Mīlān; also known as Kaftar) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kaftar Milan	Iran
country	Glen Eira College is a co-educational, public, secondary school located in Caulfield East, Victoria, Australia.	Glen Eira College	Australia
country	The Peruvian Corporation of Commercial Airports and Aviation Inc. (CORPAC) (Spanish: Corporación Peruana de Aeropuertos y Aviación Comercial) operates various airports in Peru.	CORPAC	Peru
country	The Manoir de la Borie-Fricart is a château in the Dordogne, Aquitaine, France.	Manoir de la Borie-Fricart	France
country	The Nasta Runestone, listed as Nä 34 in the Rundata catalog, is a Viking Age memorial runestone located in Nasta, which is 3 kilometers northwest of Glanshammar, Örebro County, Sweden, which was in the historic province of Närke.	Nasta Runestone	Sweden
country	Chah Zard Shomareh-ye Do (Persian: چاه زردشماره 2‎, also Romanized as Chāh Zard Shomāreh-ye Do; also known as Chāh Zard) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah Zard Shomareh-ye Do	Iran
country	The Special Mobile Force is a paramilitary unit that serves as the main internal security force in Mauritius.	Special Mobile Force	Mauritius
country	Nedre Heimdalsvatn is a lake which lies in Vågå and Øystre Slidre municipalities in Oppland county, Norway.	Nedre Heimdalsvatn	Norway
country	Flintholm Station is a key S-train and Metro interchange junction station in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Flintholm Station	Denmark
country	The Agenzia Informazioni e Sicurezza Esterna (Italian for ``External Intelligence and Security Agency''), commonly known as AISE and formerly known as SISMI, is the foreign intelligence service of Italy.	Agenzia Informazioni e Sicurezza Esterna	Italy
country	The Qal'at al-Bahrain (in Arabic: قلعة البحرين‎), also known as the Bahrain Fort or Fort of Bahrain and previously as the Portugal Fort (Qal'at al Portugal) is an archaeological site located in Bahrain, on the Arabian Peninsula.	Qal'at al-Bahrain	Portugal
country	After Maria Quisling had been thrown out, General Andrew Thorne, the Commander-in-chief of Norway together with his staff, used Villa Grande as their headquarters from 22 May 1945.	Villa Grande	Norway
country	Bokela Airport (ICAO: FZDR) is an airport serving the village of Bokela in Équateur Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Bokela Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The Capuchin Catacombs of Palermo (also Catacombe dei Cappuccini or Catacombs of the Capuchins) are burial catacombs in Palermo, Sicily, southern Italy.	Catacombe dei Cappuccini	Italy
country	The Mediterranean States are the two countries of Cyprus and Malta.	Mediterranean States	Malta
country	The Philippine High School for the Arts (PHSA) is a specialized public high school in the Philippines offering arts-focused education established in 1978 by virtue of Presidential Decree 1287.	Philippine High School for the Arts	Philippines
country	The Anglican Journal is the national newspaper of the Anglican Church of Canada.	Anglican Journal	Canada
country	The Guayabo Islands Biological Reserve is a Nature Reserve of Costa Rica, part of the Tempisque Conservation Area, which encompasses the four islands including Guayabo and los Pájaros in the Gulf of Nicoya.	Guayabo Islands Biological Reserve	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Walter Empson (19 February 1856--14 June 1934) was a New Zealand teacher, headmaster and educationalist.	Walter Empson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Reuven Rubin (Hebrew: ראובן רובין‎; November 13, 1893 -- October 13, 1974) was a Romanian-born Israeli painter and Israel's first ambassador to Romania.	Reuven Rubin	Israel
country of origin	Shake! (formerly The Core and Milkshake! FM) was a television programming block shown by United Kingdom broadcaster Channel 5, original aimed at 8 to 15 year olds.	Shake!	United Kingdom
country of origin	Following the storming of the Bastille on 14 July, the National Constituent Assembly became the effective government of France.	National Constituent Assembly	France
creator	The Garden of Death (Finnish: Kuoleman puutarha) (1896) is a painting by Finnish symbolist painter Hugo Simberg.	The Garden of Death	Hugo Simberg
creator	Created by Johnny Speight, Till Death Us Do Part centred on the East End Garnett family, led by patriarch Alf Garnett (Warren Mitchell), a reactionary white working-class man who holds racist and anti-socialist views.	Till Death Us Do Part	Johnny Speight
creator	Corner Gas is a Canadian television sitcom created by Brent Butt.	Corner Gas	Brent Butt
creator	The Return of Spring (French: Le Printemps) is a painting by William-Adolphe Bouguereau created in 1886.	The Return of Spring	William-Adolphe Bouguereau
creator	The Agreement on the Application of Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures, also known as the SPS Agreement, is an international treaty of the World Trade Organization.	Agreement on the Application of Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures	World Trade Organization
creator	The Patiala Necklace was a necklace created by the House of Cartier in 1928.	Patiala Necklace	Cartier
creator	Red Widow is an American drama television series created by Melissa Rosenberg, starring Radha Mitchell and Goran Visnjic.	Red Widow	Melissa Rosenberg
creator	The Maxx is an American comic book series created by Sam Kieth and originally published monthly by Image Comics, then collected in trade paperback by DC Comic's Wildstorm imprint.	The Maxx	Sam Kieth
creator	The Lion Guard is an American animated television series created by Ford Riley based on Disney's 1994 film The Lion King.	The Lion Guard	Ford Riley
creator	The Ruff and Reddy Show (also known as Ruff and Reddy) is an American animated television series created by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera for NBC.	The Ruff and Reddy Show	William Hanna
creator	Portrait of the Infante Don Carlos is a 1626/27 oil painting of Don Carlos of Spain (brother to Philip IV of Spain), produced by Diego Velázquez as one of the first paintings he produced during his stay in Madrid.	Portrait of the Infante Don Carlos	Diego Velázquez
creator	Nude Descending a Staircase, No. 2 (French: Nu descendant un escalier n° 2) is a 1912 painting by Marcel Duchamp.	Nude Descending a Staircase, No. 2	Marcel Duchamp
creator	New York City Waterfalls is a public art project by artist Olafur Eliasson, in collaboration with the Public Art Fund, consisting of four man-made waterfalls placed around New York City along the East River.	New York City Waterfalls	Olafur Eliasson
creator	The Stonebreaker is an 1857 oil-on-canvas painting by Henry Wallis.	The Stonebreaker	Henry Wallis
creator	Three Spheres II is a lithograph print by the Dutch artist M. C. Escher first printed in April 1946.	Three Spheres II	M. C. Escher
creator	A Young Woman Seated at the Virginals is a painting generally attributed to Johannes Vermeer, though this was for a long time widely questioned.	A Young Woman Seated at the Virginals	Johannes Vermeer
creator	Hogarth Painting the Comic Muse (originally known as The Artist Painting the Comic Muse) is a painting in the National Portrait Gallery, London by the British artist William Hogarth.	Hogarth Painting the Comic Muse	William Hogarth
creator	Grrrrrrrrrrr!! is a 1965 oil and Magna on canvas painting by Roy Lichtenstein.	Grrrrrrrrrrr!!	Roy Lichtenstein
creator	Drunkenness of Noah is a painting by the Italian artist Giovanni Bellini.	Drunkenness of Noah	Giovanni Bellini
creator	Nestor Burma is a fictional character created by French crime novelist Léo Malet.	Nestor Burma	Léo Malet
creator	Winter Night in the Mountains (Norwegian: Vinternatt i Rondane) is the name of several versions of a composition, created in several techniques by the Norwegian artist Harald Sohlberg (1869--1935).	Winter Night in the Mountains	Harald Sohlberg
creator	Ordeal by Innocence is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 3 November 1958 and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company the following year.	Ordeal by Innocence	Agatha Christie
creator	Au Vélodrome, also known as At the Cycle-Race Track and Le cycliste, is a painting by the French artist and theorist Jean Metzinger.	Au Vélodrome	Jean Metzinger
creator	Slaughtered Ox is a 1655 still life oil painting by Rembrandt, now in the Louvre.	Slaughtered Ox	Rembrandt
creator	The Portrait of Count Stanislas Potocki is a 1781 equestrian portrait of the Polish patron, politician, writer and Prime Minister of Poland Stanisław Kostka Potocki by the French painter Jacques-Louis David.	Portrait of Count Stanislas Potocki	Jacques-Louis David
creator	The Ruling Passion, sometimes called The Ornithologist, is a painting by John Everett Millais which was shown at the Royal Academy Exhibition in 1885.	The Ruling Passion	John Everett Millais
creator	The Weekenders is an American animated television series created by Doug Langdale.	The Weekenders	Doug Langdale
creator	Like the previous series, What's Happening Now!! is loosely based on the motion picture Cooley High (written by Eric Monte and directed by Michael Schultz).	What's Happening Now!!	Eric Monte
creator	The Hunt in the Forest (also known as The Hunt by Night or simply The Hunt) is a painting by the Italian artist Paolo Uccello, made around 1470.	The Hunt in the Forest	Paolo Uccello
creator	Magistrate of Brussels is an unfinished oil painting or oil sketch by Anthony van Dyck, rediscovered in 2013 after being shown on episodes of the BBC television programme Antiques Roadshow.	Magistrate of Brussels	Anthony van Dyck
creator	Portrait of Madame Cézanne (sometimes Portrait of Mrs. Cézanne) is a 1962 Pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein.	Portrait of Madame Cézanne	Roy Lichtenstein
creator	Les Deux Plateaux, more commonly known as the Colonnes de Buren, is a highly controversial art installation created by the French artist Daniel Buren in 1985--1986.	Les Deux Plateaux	Daniel Buren
creator	Le Mur Rose (full title: Paysage, le mur rose;, Landscape, the Pink Wall), is a painting by Henri Matisse from 1898.	Le Mur Rose	Henri Matisse
creator	The Coronation of Charlemagne is a painting by the workshop of the Italian Renaissance artist Raphael.	The Coronation of Charlemagne	Raphael
creator	Retrato de Luis Muñoz Marín (Portrait of Luis Muñoz Marín) is a 1977 oil painting by the Puerto Rican artist Francisco Rodón of the first democratically elected governor of Puerto Rico.	Retrato de Luis Muñoz Marín	Francisco Rodón
creator	Happy Birthday, Charlie Brown is a prime-time animated TV special based upon the comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz.	Happy Birthday, Charlie Brown	Charles M. Schulz
creator	The Plum (French: La Prune) - also known as Plum Brandy - is an oil-on-canvas painting by Édouard Manet.	The Plum	Édouard Manet
creator	Australia's Next Top Model is an Australian reality television series which premiered on 11 January 2005, and is based on a franchise created by Tyra Banks with America's Next Top Model.	Australia's Next Top Model	Tyra Banks
creator	The Double Dream of Spring (also known as Doppio Sogno di Primavera, 1915) is a painting by the Italian metaphysical painter Giorgio de Chirico.	The Double Dream of Spring	Giorgio de Chirico
creator	The Glorification of the Virgin (Dutch: De verheerlijking van Maria) is a 15th-century painting attributed to Geertgen tot Sint Jans.	The Glorification of the Virgin	Geertgen tot Sint Jans
creator	Created by Chris Claremont and Herb Trimpe, he first appeared in Captain Britain Weekly #1 (October 1976).	Captain Britain	Chris Claremont
creator	Dame Edna's Neighbourhood Watch was a comic game show created by Barry Humphries for ITV.	Dame Edna's Neighbourhood Watch	Barry Humphries
creator	Ed, Edd n Eddy is a Canadian-American animated comedy television series created by Danny Antonucci for Cartoon Network, and the sixth of the network's Cartoon Cartoons.	Ed, Edd n Eddy	Danny Antonucci
creator	La Joute (``the joust'') (1969) is a public sculptural installation by Quebec artist Jean-Paul Riopelle, a member of the Automatiste movement.	La Joute	Jean-Paul Riopelle
creator	Cat Among the Pigeons is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 2 November 1959, and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company in March 1960 with a copyright date of 1959.	Cat Among the Pigeons	Agatha Christie
creator	Created by Chris Chibnall and Nigel McCrery, Born and Bred's cast was led by James Bolam and Michael French, who play a father and son who run a cottage hospital in Ormston, a fictional Lancashire village in the 1950s.	Born and Bred	Chris Chibnall
creator	Making the Video is an MTV show, consisting of half-hour episodes, which chronicles the process of filming various music videos.	Making the Video	MTV
creator	Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko, Flash Thompson first appeared in Amazing Fantasy #15 (August 1962), the same issue Spider-Man first appeared in.	Flash Thompson	Stan Lee
creator	The Portrait of Dirck van Os is a later painting by Rembrandt (1606-1669), created circa 1658.	Portrait of Dirck van Os	Rembrandt
creator	Poolside Chats with Neil Hamburger was a live webcast that aired on comedian Tom Green's now defunct internet TV channel.	Poolside Chats	Tom Green
creator	Self-portrait with the Colosseum is a painting by the Dutch artist Maarten van Heemskerck, showing himself in front of the Colosseum in Rome.	Self-portrait with the Colosseum	Maarten van Heemskerck
creator	Galacidalacidesoxyribonucleicacid (also known as Homage to Crick and Watson (Discoverers of DNA)) is a 1963 painting by Salvador Dalí.	Galacidalacidesoxyribonucleicacid	Salvador Dalí
creator	The Triumph of Cleopatra, also known as Cleopatra's Arrival in Cilicia and The Arrival of Cleopatra in Cilicia, is an oil painting by English artist William Etty.	The Triumph of Cleopatra	William Etty
creator	The Well of Moses (fr: Puits de Moïse) is a monumental sculpture recognised as the masterpiece of the Dutch artist Claus Sluter (1340-1405/6).	Well of Moses	Claus Sluter
creator	Night and Sleep is an 1878 painting by Evelyn De Morgan.	Night and Sleep	Evelyn De Morgan
creator	Three Studies for a Portrait of Henrietta Moraes is an oil on canvas 1963 triptych by the Irish-born British figurative painter Francis Bacon.	Three Studies for a Portrait of Henrietta Moraes	Francis Bacon
creator	Fate of the Animals is a painting by Franz Marc created in 1913.	Fate of the Animals	Franz Marc
creator	Portrait of Catherine Balebina is a painting by Russian portrait artist Lev Russov (1926--1987), which depicts his wife Catherine Balebina (Russian: Екатери′на Васи′льевна Бале′бина; 1933--2002).	Portrait of Catherine Balebina	Lev Russov
date of birth	Norman Gifford (born 30 March 1940, Ulverston, Lancashire, now part of Cumbria) is a retired English cricketer, who played primarily as a left-arm spinner.	Norman Gifford	30 March 1940
date of birth	Haris Vlavianos (Greek: Χάρης Βλαβιανός; born 1957), is a contemporary Greek poet.	Haris Vlavianos	1957
date of birth	William McFerrin Stowe (1913 -- November 24, 1988) was a U.S. Bishop of the Methodist and United Methodist Churches, elected in 1964.	William McFerrin Stowe	1913
date of birth	Tia DeNora (born 1958) is Professor of Sociology of Music and Director of Research, in the Department of Sociology/Philosophy at the University of Exeter.	Tia DeNora	1958
date of birth	Mikael Simpson (born 1974 in Holstebro) is a Danish songwriter, singer, film composer, musician and radio host.	Mikael Simpson	1974
date of birth	Rhidian Brook (born 1964) is a Welsh novelist, screenwriter and broadcaster.	Rhidian Brook	1964
date of birth	Maria Zacchè is an Italian Artist (Mantua 1933).	Maria Zacchè	1933
date of birth	Moira Brooker (born 1957) is an English actress best known for her role as Judith Hanson in the British sitcom As Time Goes By (1992--2005).	Moira Brooker	1957
date of birth	Vishal Bharat (born 20 November 1978) is a British Virgin Islands cricketer.	Vishal Bharat	20 November 1978
date of birth	Nils Vigeland (was born 1950 in Buffalo, New York) is an American composer and Pianist.	Nils Vigeland	1950
date of birth	Joe Picker (born 7 December 1987) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer from Crookwell, New South Wales.	Joe Picker	7 December 1987
date of birth	Jason Ramsey (born 24 January 1975) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Australian Football League (AFL) in 1996.	Jason Ramsey	24 January 1975
date of birth	Jim Connell (27 March 1852 -- February 1929) was an Irish political activist of the late 19th century and early 20th century, best known as the writer of the anthem ``The Red Flag'' in December 1889.	Jim Connell	27 March 1852
date of birth	Ted Studebaker (born September 1945 outside of Dayton, Ohio) was a pacifist and conscientious objector who served as an agricultural worker during the Vietnam War and was executed by North Vietnam in 1971.	Ted Studebaker	September 1945
date of birth	Natalia Strelchenko (Наталья Стрельченко, also known as Natalia Strelle; 23 December 1976 -- 30 August 2015) was a world renowned Norwegian concert pianist of Russian origin.	Natalia Strelchenko	23 December 1976
date of birth	Jalal al-Din Khan ibn Tokhtamysh (Urdu; Persian; Arabic: جلال الدین خان ابن تختامش; Tatar: Cäläletdin, Polish: Dżalal ad-Din) (1380--1412) was the Khan of the Golden Horde in 1411--1412.	Jalal al-Din Khan ibn Tokhtamysh	1380
date of birth	Nikos Logothetis (Greek: Νίκος Λογοθέτης; born 1950 in Istanbul) is a Greek biologist and neuroscientist.	Nikos Logothetis	1950
date of birth	Dom Fabian Cowper, OSB (7 September 1931 -- 13 October 1990), a monk of Ampleforth Abbey, was an English Roman Catholic monk, who served as Master of St Benet's Hall, Oxford from 1989 until his death in 1990.	Fabian Cowper	7 September 1931
date of birth	Thomas Laxton (1830--1893) was a plant breeder and a correspondent of Charles Darwin, best known for his hybridisation of peas.	Thomas Laxton	1830
date of birth	Ali Nassar (Arabic: علي ناصر‎, Hebrew: עלי נאסר‎; born 1954) is an Arab-Israeli film director.	Ali Nassar	1954
date of birth	Edwin Kipyego (born 16 November 1990) is a Kenyan long-distance runner, best known for a series of victories, at the half marathon and 10K distances, in the United Kingdom and elsewhere.	Edwin Kipyego	16 November 1990
date of birth	K. Kelappan (24 August 1889 -- 7 October 1971) was a founding member and president of Nair Service Society, a reformer, an Indian freedom fighter, educationist and journalist.	K. Kelappan	24 August 1889
date of birth	Roberto Miguel, a.k.a. Miguel from Oakland (born 26 January 1981 in Oakland, California), is an American singer, songwriter, and visual artist.	Roberto Miguel	26 January 1981
date of birth	Patiyo Tambwe (born 7 January 1984) is a Congolese football striker who last played for FC Brussels in Belgium.	Patiyo Tambwe	7 January 1984
date of birth	Paul Zanker (born 7 February 1937) is the Professor of Storia dell’Arte Antica at the Scuola Normale Superiore in Pisa.	Paul Zanker	7 February 1937
date of birth	Rodrigo Orgóñez (1490 -- April 26, 1538) was Spanish captain under Diego de Almagro.	Rodrigo Orgóñez	1490
date of birth	Violetta Kolobova (Russian: Виолетта Колобова, born 27 July 1991) is a Russian épée fencer, team world champion in 2013 and 2014.	Violetta Kolobova	27 July 1991
date of birth	Asteris Koutoulas (sometimes spelt Asteris Kutulas) (Greek: Αστέρης Κούτουλας) was born in Oradea on 5 April 1960.	Asteris Koutoulas	5 April 1960
date of birth	Mónica Ramírez Abella (born 27 December 1993, in Escaldes-Engordany) is an Andorran swimmer.	Mónica Ramírez	27 December 1993
date of birth	Tetyana Kryvobok (born 17 January 1972) is a Ukrainian middle distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metres.	Tetyana Kryvobok	17 January 1972
date of birth	Captain Charles Berrenger (Grémonville, 24 June 1757 - Toulon, 17 November 1814) was a French Navy officer.	Charles Berrenger	24 June 1757
date of birth	Hermann Tilke (born 31 December 1954) is a German engineer and auto racer, who has designed numerous Formula One motor racing circuits.	Hermann Tilke	31 December 1954
date of birth	George Gordon, 2nd Marquess of Aberdeen and Temair OBE, K.StJ, JP (20 January 1879 -- 6 January 1965), styled Lord Haddo until 1916 and Earl of Haddo from 1916 to 1934, was a Scottish peer and politician.	George Gordon, 2nd Marquess of Aberdeen and Temair	20 January 1879
date of birth	Emily Bolton (born 1951) is an Aruban actress raised in England and the Netherlands probably best known for her appearance in the James Bond film Moonraker in which she played 007's Brazilian contact Manuela.	Emily Bolton	1951
date of birth	Katrin Borchert (born 4 November 1969) is a German-born Australian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to 2001.	Katrin Borchert	4 November 1969
date of birth	Sheng Qi (born 1965 in Anhui Province, China) is a Chinese performance artist and painter.	Sheng Qi	1965
date of birth	Konrad, Prince of Saxe-Meiningen, Duke of Saxony (Given names: Full name: Johann Friedrich Konrad Carl Eduard Horst Arnold Matthias Prinz von Sachsen-Meiningen Herzog zu Sachsen; born 14 April 1952) is a German businessman and the current head of the Ducal House of Saxe-Meiningen.	Konrad, Prince of Saxe-Meiningen	14 April 1952
date of birth	Anrune Liebenberg (born 3 November 1992) is a South African para-athlete.	Anrune Liebenberg	3 November 1992
date of birth	Irina Bogushevskaya (Russian: Ири́на Алекса́ндровна Богуше́вская; IPA: (ɪˈrʲinə ɐlʲɪˈksandrəvnə bəɡʊˈʂɛfskəjə); born 2 November 1965) is a Russian singer, poet, and composer of theater jazz and cabaret rock.	Irina Bogushevskaya	2 November 1965
date of birth	Åse Marie Hagen (born 22 March 1973) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party, from Steinkjer.	Åse Marie Hagen	22 March 1973
date of birth	Ken Hannam (12 July 1929 -- 16 November 2004) was an Australian film and television director.	Ken Hannam	12 July 1929
date of birth	Ryan Gamble (born 23 September 1987) is an Australian rules football uncontracted player in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Ryan Gamble	23 September 1987
date of birth	Sir Clifford Darling GCVO (6 February 1922 -- 27 December 2011) was the fourth Governor-General of the Bahamas from 1992 until his retirement on 2 January 1995.	Clifford Darling	6 February 1922
date of birth	Sean Emmett (born 4 February 1970) is an English professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Sean Emmett	4 February 1970
date of birth	Yonhy Lescano Ancieta (born 15 February 1959 in Puno) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician (Popular Action).	Yonhy Lescano	1959
date of birth	Alfred Spenceley (1890-?) was the Amateur Boxing Association of England lightweight champion in 1911.	Alfred Spenceley	1890
date of birth	Brian Lohan (born November 1971) is an Irish former hurler who played as a full-back for the Clare senior hurling team.	Brian Lohan	1971
date of birth	Bertrand R. Brinley (born 19 June 1917, Hudson, New York -- d. 20 October 1994, Luray, Virginia) was an American writer of short stories and children's tales.	Bertrand R. Brinley	19 June 1917
date of birth	Barbara Ewing (born 1944) is a UK-based actress, playwright and novelist.	Barbara Ewing	1944
date of birth	Dr Georges Wohlfart (13 July 1950 -- 13 February 2013) was a Luxembourgian politician.	Georges Wohlfart	13 July 1950
date of birth	Edward Combes (6 September 1830 -- 18 October 1895), was an engineer, pastoralist, politician and painter.	Edward Combes	6 September 1830
date of birth	Otto Tucker, CM, ONL (January 1, 1923 -- October 6, 2015) was a Canadian heritage activist.	Otto Tucker	1923
date of birth	Rossana Ghessa (born 24 January 1943) is an Italian actress, from Sardinia, and a naturalized Brazilian.	Rossana Ghessa	24 January 1943
date of birth	Álvaro David Montero Perales (born 29 March 1995) is a Colombian football Goalkeeper currently playing for San Lorenzo.	Álvaro David Montero	29 March 1995
date of birth	Nick Warburton (born 1947) was a primary school teacher for ten years before deciding to become a full-time writer.	Nick Warburton	1947
date of birth	David Vandenbossche (born 27 September 1980 in Dunkerque) is a French footballer, who is currently playing for Auxerre B.	David Vandenbossche	27 September 1980
date of birth	Benet Canfield, also known as Father Benet, Benoit of Canfield, or Benoît de Canfeld, (1562--1610), was an English Recusant and mystic.	Benet Canfield	1562
date of birth	Srečko Brodar (May 6, 1893 -- April 27, 1987) was a Slovene archaeologist, internationally best known for excavation of Potok Cave (Slovene: Potočka zijalka), an Upper Palaeolithic cave site in northern Slovenia.	Srečko Brodar	1893
date of birth	Maxim Lifontov (Russian: Максим Вячеславович Лифонтов; born 30 December 1986) is a Kazakh rugby union player.	Maxim Lifontov	30 December 1986
date of birth	Anita Dobson (born 29 April 1949) is an English stage, film and television actress, and singer.	Anita Dobson	29 April 1949
date of birth	Oliver Cheatham (February 24, 1948 -- November 29, 2013) was an American R&B singer who is best remembered for his 1983 hit ``Get Down Saturday Night''.	Oliver Cheatham	1948
date of birth	Xiao Hongyan (Chinese: 肖 紅艷; pinyin: Xiāo Hóngyàn; born 26 January 1965) is a former Chinese long-distance runner.	Xiao Hongyan	26 January 1965
date of birth	Cecilia Schelin Seidegård (born 18 May 1954, in Stockholm as Irene Cecilia Schelin), is a Swedish biochemist and since 1 January 2010, Governor of Gotland County.	Cecilia Schelin Seidegård	18 May 1954
date of birth	Lucy Joan Slater (5 January 1922 -- 6 June 2008) was a mathematician who worked on hypergeometric functions, and who found many generalizations of the Rogers--	Lucy Joan Slater	5 January 1922
date of birth	Serhiy Pivnenko (born 19 October 1984) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder.	Serhiy Pivnenko	19 October 1984
date of birth	Kriti Sanon (born 27 July 1990) is an Indian model and film actress.	Kriti Sanon	27 July 1990
date of birth	William Honychurch (by 1489-1530/31), of Tavistock, Devon and London, was an English politician.	William Honychurch	1489
date of birth	Maurits Robert Delchot better known by his stage name Negativ (born 8 September 1982) is a Dutch rapper, actor and radio broadcaster of Surinamese origin from Amsterdam-Oost.	Negativ	8 September 1982
date of birth	Loredana Groza (born 10 June 1970) is a Romanian pop singer-songwriter, model, actress, dancer, TV personality, media proprietor, and coach in the talent show Vocea României and new coach X Factor known for alternating music styles.	Loredana Groza	10 June 1970
date of birth	Rune Vindheim (born 15 May 1972) is a retired Norwegian football player who is currently the manager of Fana IL.	Rune Vindheim	15 May 1972
date of birth	Craig Makin (born 13 April 1973 ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at representative level for Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a Prop, i.e. number 8 or 10.	Craig Makin	13 April 1973
date of birth	John Trevor Patten (born 13 June 1936), known professionally as Johnny Jarrett, is an Australian Aboriginal elder and community leader, former rugby league player and professional boxer.	Johnny Jarrett	13 June 1936
date of birth	Jason Ross Jallet (born in 1981 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian film producer, and entrepreneur.	Jason Ross Jallet	1981
date of birth	David Lunn-Rockliffe (28 December 1924 -- 23 August 2011) was a British businessman, rowing supporter, and co-founder of the River and Rowing Museum in Henley-on-Thames, England.	David Lunn-Rockliffe	28 December 1924
date of birth	Edmund Alfred Dwyer (known as Chappie Dwyer, 19 October 1894 -- 10 September 1975) was an Australian cricketer and national selector.	Chappie Dwyer	19 October 1894
date of birth	Faouzi Al-Kach (born 1933 in Lebanon) grew up as the oldest of 6 siblings in a well-respected family of landowners going back several generations.	Faouzi Al-Kach	1933
date of birth	Cui Ning (崔寧) (723 -- November 10, 783), né Cui Gan (崔旰), was a general of the Tang dynasty of China.	Cui Ning	723
date of birth	Sonya Walger (born 6 June 1974) is an English actress, best known for her roles on American television.	Sonya Walger	6 June 1974
date of birth	Ora Namir (Hebrew: אורה נמיר‎, born 1 September 1930) is an Israeli former politician and diplomat who served as a member of the Knesset from 1974 until 1996, as well as holding the posts of Minister of the Environment and Minister of Labour and Social Welfare during the 1990s.	Ora Namir	1 September 1930
date of birth	Richard Smalbroke (1672--1749) was an English churchman, bishop of St Davids and then bishop of Coventry and Lichfield.	Richard Smalbroke	1672
date of birth	Mushtaq Kak (Dogri/Kashmiri: मुश्ताक़ काक (Devanagari), مُشتاق کاک (Nastaleeq); b. 1961 in Jammu & Kashmir, India) is an Indian actor and director.	Mushtaq Kak	1961
date of birth	General José María Yáñez (1803 -- August 10, 1880) was a Mexican hero of the war of independence from Spain and the invasions by France and the United States.	José María Yáñez	1803
date of birth	Séamus Callanan (born 15 September 1988) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a centre-forward for the Tipperary senior team.	Séamus Callanan	15 September 1988
date of birth	Margaret Jessee Warren (born in 1921, died July 27, 2001, age 79) was an American tennis player and a Napa Valley vintner.	Margaret Jessee	1921
date of birth	Yona Yahav (Hebrew: יונה יהב‎, born 19 June 1944) is an Israeli lawyer and politician.	Yona Yahav	19 June 1944
date of birth	Max Oelschlaeger (born about 1940 in Kansas) is an American ecological philosopher, active in the study of Environmental Ethics Environmental Philosophy, Ecofeminism, Deep Ecology, Philosophy of Ecology, Contemporary Environmental Issues, Postmodern Environmental Ethics, and the Philosophy of Wilderness.	Max Oelschlaeger	1940
date of birth	Marius Lyle was the pseudonym of Una Maud Lyle Smyth (10 July 1872 -- 14 July 1964), a British novelist and short story writer.	Marius Lyle	10 July 1872
date of birth	Jan Leonardus Louw (born 19 June 1959 in Cape Town, better known as Lennie Louw) is a South African-born Namibian cricketer.	Lennie Louw	19 June 1959
date of birth	Leonid Rumyantsev (Russian: Леонид Дмитриевич Румянцев) (23 February 1916--23 June 1985) was a Russian footballer.	Leonid Rumyantsev	23 February 1916
date of birth	Shimshon Rozen (Hebrew: שמשון רוזן‎;‎ 12 September 1952 -- 16 December 2011) was an Israeli Air Force weapon systems officer and a colonel in the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF).	Shimshon Rozen	12 September 1952
date of birth	Abdul-Karim Mousavi Ardebili (Persian: عبدالکریم موسوی اردبیلی‎‎, born 28 January 1926) is an Iranian politician and Twelver shi'a marja.	Abdul-Karim Mousavi Ardebili	28 January 1926
date of birth	George Gear (born 8 March 1947) is a former Australian politician and government minister.	George Gear	8 March 1947
date of birth	Lelia J. Robinson was born in 1850 to a white, middle-class family in Boston, Massachusetts.	Lelia J. Robinson	1850
date of birth	Bernard Jean (born 21 September 1948, in Jonquière, Quebec) is a Canadian oboist, english horn player, conductor, and music educator.	Bernard Jean	21 September 1948
date of birth	Manjula Guruge (Sinhalese: මංජුල ගුරුගේ; born 14 February 1981) is an Emirati cricketer.	Manjula Guruge	14 February 1981
date of birth	Charles Cozens (1784 -- August 6, 1863), politician, magistrate, was elected to the House of Assembly representing the district of Conception Bay on the first general election held in Newfoundland in 1832.	Charles Cozens	1784
date of birth	Germaine Greer (/ɡrɪər/; born 29 January 1939) is an Australian-born writer, regarded as one of the major voices of the second-wave feminist movement in the latter half of the 20th century.	Germaine Greer	29 January 1939
date of birth	George Croughly Gordon (21 June 1850 -- 20 August 1899) was a Scottish amateur footballer who played for the Scottish XI against England in the first representative match played in March 1870.	George Croughly Gordon	21 June 1850
date of birth	Eivind Nielsen (18 June 1864 -- 13 July 1939) was a Norwegian painter, illustrator and teacher.	Eivind Nielsen	18 June 1864
date of birth	Richard Lowenstein (born 1 March 1959) is an Australian film-maker.	Richard Lowenstein	1 March 1959
date of birth	Armando Evangelista Macedo Freitas (born 3 November 1973), known as Armando Evangelista, is a Portuguese football manager and former player who is a current manager.	Armando Evangelista	3 November 1973
date of birth	Joel A. Pisano (born 1949) is a former United States district court judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.	Joel A. Pisano	1949
date of birth	Irina Igorevna Nusinova (Russian: Ирина Игоревна Нусинова; born 17 September 1982), better known by her stage name Irson Kudikova (Russian: Ирсон Кудикова), is a Russian pop singer, model, saxophonist, music producer, and actress.	Irson Kudikova	17 September 1982
date of birth	Jorge Villasante Araníbar (b. 1962) has been the Peruvian Minister of Production under President Alan García since September 2010.	Jorge Villasante Araníbar	1962
date of birth	Gary Michael Voris (born 20 August 1961) is an American Roman Catholic journalist, polemicist, and apologist.	Michael Voris	20 August 1961
date of birth	Essai sur la vie et les œuvres de Georges de Brébeuf (1617 ?, 1661).	Georges de Brébeuf	1617
date of birth	Noel Hartnett (1909--1960) was an Irish politician, barrister, broadcaster and writer.	Noel Hartnett	1909
date of birth	Edward Jay Epstein (born in 1935) is an American investigative journalist and a former political science professor at Harvard, UCLA, and MIT.	Edward Jay Epstein	1935
date of birth	Gritė Maruškevičiūtė (born 18 June 1989, in Šiauliai) is Miss Lithuania 2010.	Gritė Maruškevičiūtė	18 June 1989
date of birth	David Goodwillie (born 28 March 1989) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a striker for Ross County on loan from Aberdeen in the Scottish Premiership.	David Goodwillie	28 March 1989
date of birth	Jacob Thomas ``Jack'' Grein (generally referred to as J. T. Grein; 11 October 1862 -- 22 June 1935) was a British impresario and drama critic of Dutch origin who helped establish the modern theatre in London.	J. T. Grein	11 October 1862
date of birth	Albert Dolmans (born 1928) is a Dutch-American painter.	Albert Dolmans	1928
date of birth	Aljin Abella (born 27 July 1985), also known as Alin Abella, is an Australian actor of Filipino descent, who is best known for playing Theo Martin, the Blue Ranger on Power Rangers Jungle Fury.	Aljin Abella	27 July 1985
date of birth	Zhao Zongqi (Chinese: 赵宗岐; pinyin: Zhào Zōngqí; born 1955) is a general (shang jiang) of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China and the current Commanding Officer of the Western Theater Command.	Zhao Zongqi	1955
date of birth	Geoffrey Gamble (born 1942) is an American linguist who served from 2000 to 2009 as the 11th president of Montana State University.	Geoffrey Gamble	1942
date of birth	Kate Heavenor (born 1980, Glasgow) is a Scottish children's television presenter for the BBC.	Kate Heavenor	1980
date of birth	Karl Hanisch (20 January 1900 -- 5 March 1957) was an Austrian Olympic fencer.	Karl Hanisch	20 January 1900
date of birth	Thom McGinty (1 April 1952 -- 20 February 1995), known as The Diceman, was a Scottish actor, model, and street artist specialising in mime, who spent most of his career in Ireland, where he became a landmark living statue and honorary Dubliner.	Thom McGinty	1952
date of birth	Sverre Udnæs (20 September 1939 -- 27 August 1982) was a Norwegian playwright and stage producer.	Sverre Udnæs	20 September 1939
date of birth	Wilfried Behre, (born 1956 in Hanover, Germany) is an artist and sculptor.	Wilfried Behre	1956
date of birth	Óndra Łysohorsky was the pseudonym of Ervín Goj (6 June 1905 -- 19 December 1989), a Czech poet of Silesian origin and awareness.	Óndra Łysohorsky	6 June 1905
date of birth	Henry Collen (9 October 1797 -- 8 May 1879) was a miniature portrait painter to Queen Victoria and the Duchess of Kent.	Henry Collen	9 October 1797
date of birth	Shimon Abuhatzira (or Shimon Abuhazira, Hebrew: שמעון אבו חצירא‎; born 10 October 1986) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Ironi Kiryat Shmona, as a striker.	Shimon Abuhatzira	10 October 1986
date of birth	Milena Žic-Fuchs (born 10 August 1954) is a Croatian linguist and full member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts.	Milena Žic-Fuchs	10 August 1954
date of birth	Erik Bruun (born 1926 in Viipuri) is a Finnish graphic designer.	Erik Bruun	1926
date of birth	Nikolas Papadopoulos (Greek: Νικόλας Παπαδόπουλος; born 22 April 1973) is a Greek Cypriot lawyer and politician.	Nikolas Papadopoulos	22 April 1973
date of birth	Nyi Nyi Lwin (born 11 August 1983) is Burmese footballer.	Nyi Nyi Lwin	11 August 1983
date of birth	Arthur Edward Ruark (1899--1979) was an American physicist who actively played a role in the development of quantum mechanics.	Arthur Edward Ruark	1899
date of birth	Johnson Huang (born 22 October 1974) is a Taiwanese racing driver currently competing in the TCR Asia Series.	Johnson Huang	22 October 1974
date of birth	Vincent James Turner (born 9 October 1985), better known by his stage name Frankmusik (and between 2011 and 2012, by the name Vincent Did It), is an English synthpop musician.	Frankmusik	9 October 1985
date of birth	Lama Tasi (born 3 May 1990) is a professional rugby league player who currently plays for the St Helens in the Super League.	Lama Tasi	3 May 1990
date of birth	Joseph Maurice Pambet (13 March 1854 -- 6 January 1916) was a French army general.	Joseph Maurice Pambet	13 March 1854
date of birth	María Barranco (born 11 June 1961), born Dulce Nombre de María Magdalena de los Remedios Barranco García, is a Spanish actress, who has won two Goya Awards for Best Supporting Actress.	María Barranco	11 June 1961
date of birth	Guy Veloso (born 1969) is a Brazilian documentary photographer.	Guy Veloso	1969
date of birth	Pierre-Yves Polomat (born 27 December 1993) is a Martinique-born French footballer who currently plays as a left back in Ligue 1 for Saint-Étienne.	Pierre-Yves Polomat	27 December 1993
date of birth	William Snelling Hadaway (1872--1941) was an American artist who worked in Madras, India.	William Snelling Hadaway	1872
date of birth	Silas Albertson Underhill (1840-1906) was born the son of Alexander Underhill (1810-1891) and Phebe W. Albertson (1818-1847) in a frame house on the north-east corner of Park and Bedford Avenues in Brooklyn, New York, that is no longer extant.	Silas Albertson Underhill	1840
date of birth	Elliott O'Donnell (27 February 1872 - 8 May 1965) was an author known primarily for his books about ghosts.	Elliott O'Donnell	27 February 1872
date of birth	Michele Dayan (Hebrew: מישל דיין‎, born 2 October 1961) is a former Israeli footballer who works as the manager.	Michele Dayan	2 October 1961
date of birth	Stephan Fox (born 1963 in Germany) is a former Muaythai World Champion and the current General Secretary of IFMA and Vice-President of the WMC.	Stephan Fox	1963
date of birth	David Graddol (born 1953) is a British linguist who has worked in applied linguistics, discourse analysis, sociolinguistics, and history of linguistics.	David Graddol	1953
date of birth	Profiat Duran (c. 1350 -- c. 1415) (Hebrew: פרופייט דוראן), full Hebrew name Isaac ben Moses ha-Levi; was a physician, philosopher, grammarian, and controversialist in the 14th century.	Profiat Duran	1350
date of birth	Ger O'Meara is an inter-county hurler and Gaelic footballer for Dublin born in 1985.	Ger O'Meara	1985
date of birth	Rodrigo Crespo (born 18 June 1979) is an Argentinian musician, producer, songwriter and performer based in Los Angeles.	Rodrigo Crespo	18 June 1979
date of birth	Princess Marie-Esméralda of Belgium, Lady Moncada (Marie-Esméralda Adelaide Lilian Anna Léopoldine, born 30 September 1956 in Laeken, Belgium) is a member of the Belgian Royal Family.	Princess Marie-Esméralda of Belgium	30 September 1956
date of birth	Liu Zhengwei (Chinese: 刘正威; February 1930 -- July 9, 2012) was a Chinese politician, best known for his term as Communist Party Secretary of Guizhou province.	Liu Zhengwei	1930
date of birth	Duvvuru Ramireddy (1895--1947) was an eminent Telugu poet.	Duvvuru Ramireddy	1895	1895
date of birth	Odo Botnia (d 1399) was the fourteenth potestaat (or elected governor) of Friesland, now a province in the Netherlands.	Odo Botnia	1399
date of birth	Sylwia Korzeniowska (born 25 April 1980 in Kalisz) is a Polish-born French race walker.	Sylwia Korzeniowska	25 April 1980
date of birth	Winston Choo Wee Leong (born 18 July 1941) is a Singaporean diplomat, civil servant and former general.	Winston Choo	18 July 1941
date of birth	Sir Rowland Cotton (baptized 29 January 1581 -- died 22 August 1634) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1605 and 1629.	Rowland Cotton	29 January 1581
date of birth	Luca Lagnese (born 6 September 1987) is an Italian footballer who is currently unemployed.	Luca Lagnese	6 September 1987
date of birth	Albertas Run (foaled 23 April 2001) was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in National Hunt races.	Albertas Run	23 April 2001
date of birth	Tatyana Doncheva Toteva (Bulgarian: Татяна Дончева Тотева), (born 28 January 1960) in Tryavna, is a Bulgarian politician from the PP ``Movement 21'' (Bulgarian: ПП ``Движение 21''), of which she is the chairperson.	Tatyana Doncheva	28 January 1960
date of birth	James G. Dickson, born 1891 in Yakima, Washington, died 1962 in the Philippines, was an American mycologist.	James G. Dickson	1891
date of birth	Patricia McKenzie (born 1987) is a Canadian actress, producer, dancer and singer.	Patricia McKenzie	1987
date of birth	Lyndall Ryan (born 14 April 1943) is an Australian academic and historian.	Lyndall Ryan	1943
date of birth	Duncan Baird (born 1979) is the Budget Director for Governor Asa Hutchinson of Arkansas.	Duncan Baird	1979
date of birth	Kenth Eldebrink (born 14 May 1955 in Morjärv) was a Swedish athlete who mainly competed in the men's javelin throw event.	Kenth Eldebrink	14 May 1955
date of birth	Seán Armstrong (born 20 March 1986 in Galway) is an Irish Gaelic footballer from Galway.	Seán Armstrong	20 March 1986
date of birth	Arnfinn Haga (born 10 February 1936) is a Norwegian teacher and non-fiction writer, born at Stord.	Arnfinn Haga	1936
date of birth	Pete Roe (born 20 July 1981) is a singer-songwriter based in London, UK.	Pete Roe	20 July 1981
date of birth	Richard A. Murphy (born 1944) is an American neuroscientist who built his career in administrative leadership positions for research institutions.	Richard A. Murphy	1944
date of birth	Lucrezia Sinigaglia (born 21 August 1990) is an Italian sabre fencer, team bronze medal in the 2013 European Championships at Zagreb.	Lucrezia Sinigaglia	21 August 1990
date of birth	Wajih Nahlé (in Arabic وجيه نحلة), born in 1932 in Beirut, Lebanon, is a Lebanese abstract painter and calligrapher.	Wajih Nahlé	1932
date of birth	Hương Lan, real name Trần thị Ngọc Ánh (Saigon, 9 May 1956) is a Vietnamese popular singer.	Hương Lan	9 May 1956
date of birth	Rishi Patialvi (1917--1999), born Bam Dev Sharma, hailing from Hoshiarpur District (Punjab) was a popular Urdu poet belonging to Daagh Dehlvi's lineage.	Rishi Patialvi	1917
date of birth	Gunhild Carling (born 7 May 1975) is a Swedish jazz musician and multiinstrumentalist.	Gunhild Carling	7 May 1975
date of birth	Cătălin Necula (born 12 December 1969) is a retired Romanian football player, known for his association with football manager Cosmin Olăroiu, currently working at Al Ahli as assistant manager.	Cătălin Necula	12 December 1969
date of birth	Viktor Ivančić (born 8 October 1960 in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia) is a Croatian journalist, best known as the founding member and long-time editor-in-chief of satirical weekly Feral Tribune.	Viktor Ivančić	8 October 1960
date of birth	Laurence Belcher (born 27 December 1995) is an English actor, best known for his roles as Young Kazran in Doctor Who and as Young Charles Xavier in X-Men:	Laurence Belcher	27 December 1995
date of birth	Joseph Raz (Hebrew: יוסף רז‎; born 21 March 1939) is an Israeli legal, moral and political philosopher.	Joseph Raz	21 March 1939
date of birth	Charles Eugene Fager (born 1942), known as Chuck Fager, is an American activist, an author, an editor, a publisher and an outspoken and prominent member of the Religious Society of Friends or Quakers.	Chuck Fager	1942
date of birth	Amalia Fleming, Lady Fleming (née Koutsouri-Vourekas; 28 June 1912 -- 26 February 1986) was a Greek physician, activist and politician.	Amalia Fleming	28 June 1912
date of birth	André Bucher (born 19 October 1976) is a retired Swiss 800 metres runner who ran for Adidas.	André Bucher	19 October 1976
date of birth	Jeff Barlow was a British actor who was born in Lancashire in 1871.	Jeff Barlow	1871
date of birth	Stéphane Nomis (born 23 October 1970) is a professional French judoka and a serial entrepreneur.	Stéphane Nomis	23 October 1970
date of birth	Gustav Stolpe (26 September 1833 -- 3 October 1902) was a Swedish-American composer, conductor, and performer.	Gustav Stolpe	26 September 1833
date of birth	Joel Kasubandi (born 25 May 1993) is a Congolese footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish junior club Clydebank.	Joel Kasubandi	25 May 1993
date of birth	Yiorgos Magoulas, (Greek: Γιώργος Μαγουλάς) born in Athens in 1970, is an award winning Greek composer and guitarist.	Yiorgos Magoulas	1970
date of birth	Michael Veitch (born 29 November 1962) is an Australian comedian, author and broadcaster, best known for his roles on the sketch comedy television shows The D-Generation, Fast Forward and Full Frontal, as well as for his books on Second World War aviation and the Bass Strait Islands.	Michael Veitch	29 November 1962
date of birth	Chun In-gee (Korean: 전인지, born 10 August 1994), also known as In Gee Chun, is a South Korean professional golfer.	Chun In-gee	10 August 1994
date of birth	Krishna Hariharan (born 24 September 1955) is an Indian Test cricket umpire.	Krishna Hariharan	24 September 1955
date of birth	Janet Chow (Chinese: 周家蔚) (born 25 August 1983, in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong actress.	Janet Chow	25 August 1983
date of birth	Graham McTavish (born 4 January 1961) is a Scottish television and film actor and voice actor.	Graham McTavish	4 January 1961
date of birth	Linda Rampell, born 5 December 1971, in Stockholm, Sweden, is a Swedish design theorist, critic, lecturer and author.	Linda Rampell	1971
date of birth	Florian Silbereisen (born 4 August 1981 in Passau) is a German singer and television presenter.	Florian Silbereisen	4 August 1981
date of birth	David L. Spector (born 6 December 1952, in New York City) is a cell and molecular biologist best recognized for his research on gene expression and nuclear dynamics.	David L. Spector	6 December 1952
date of birth	Władysław of Legnica (Polish: Władysław legnicki; 6 June 1296 -- after 13 January 1352), was a Duke of Legnica during 1296-1312 (with his brothers until 1311 and briefly alone during 1311-1312), of Brzeg and Wrocław during 1296-1311 (with his brothers).	Władysław of Legnica	6 June 1296
date of birth	Matti Breschel (born 31 August 1984) is a Danish professional road bicycle racer who currently rides for UCI ProTeam Cannondale-Garmin.	Matti Breschel	31 August 1984
date of birth	Jon Aurtenetxe Borde (born 3 January 1992) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Tenerife on loan from Athletic Bilbao mainly as a left back but also as a central defender.	Jon Aurtenetxe	3 January 1992
date of birth	Sam Nolan (born 1930) is the secretary of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions and a political activist.	Sam Nolan	1930
date of birth	Randy Bloom is (born 1955) is an internationally exhibited American painter.	Randy Bloom	1955
date of birth	Sara Lee Kessler (born 1951) is the former anchor for New York City's Channel 9 nightly local broadcast news program in the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Sara Lee Kessler	1951
date of birth	Fawzi Salloukh (born 1931) is a Lebanese politician, who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 19 July 2005 to 2009.	Fawzi Salloukh	1931
date of birth	Lorie Line (born 1958) is a classically trained pianist, composer, and performer from Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Lorie Line	1958
date of birth	Wayne Warren (born 6 December 1962) is a Welsh darts player who plays for the British Darts Organisation.	Wayne Warren	6 December 1962
date of birth	George of the Palatinate (10 February 1486 -- 27 September 1529) was Bishop of Speyer from 1513 to 1529.	George of the Palatinate	10 February 1486
date of birth	James N. Purcell, Jr. (b. 1938) was United States Director of the Bureau of Refugee Programs from 1983 to 1986, a bureau whose design and implementation he was charged to create in 1979.	James N. Purcell, Jr.	1938
date of birth	Alvin Yeung Ngok-kiu (Chinese: 楊岳橋, born 1981) is a barrister and politician in Hong Kong.	Alvin Yeung	1981
date of birth	James A. Ranaldson (1789 -- 17 June 1849) was a Baptist missionary who was active in the Mississippi Baptist Association and one of the founders of the Alabama Baptist Convention.	James A. Ranaldson	1789
date of birth	Bertram Walter Elles was born on 3 July 1877 in Wimbledon, London and was the son of Jamieson Elles.	Bertram Walter Elles	3 July 1877
date of birth	Anton Shelupanov (born 1978) is a Russo-British penal reformer, social innovator, musician and actor.	Anton Shelupanov	1978
date of birth	Alfred Janson (born 10 March 1937) is a Norwegian pianist and composer.	Alfred Janson	10 March 1937
date of birth	Tilman-François Suys (in French) or Tieleman Frans Suys (in Dutch) (1 July 1783 -- 22 July 1864) was a Belgian architect who also worked in the Netherlands.	Tilman-François Suys	1 July 1783
date of birth	Christopher Lima da Costa (born 19 January 1988 in Libreville, Gabon) is a Gabonese-born São Toméan athlete.	Christopher Lima da Costa	19 January 1988
date of birth	Andreas Geritzer (born 11 December 1977, Vienna) is an Austrian sailor in the Laser class.	Andreas Geritzer	11 December 1977
date of birth	Imad Ahmad Sayfour (born 1955) is a Kurdish, Iraqi politician.	Imad Ahmad Sayfour	1955
date of birth	Erez Vigodman (born 1959) is an Israeli businessman, the president and CEO of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, the largest generic drug manufacturer in the world.	Erez Vigodman	1959
date of birth	Bill Whitehouse (1 April 1909 in Plumstead -- 14 July 1957 at Reims) was a British racing driver from England.	Bill Whitehouse	1 April 1909
date of birth	Hamid Bouchnak (born 13 May 1969 in Oujda) is a Moroccan Raï singer.	Hamid Bouchnak	13 May 1969
date of birth	Jean-Pierre Garnier (born 31 October 1947) is a French businessman, and a former Chief Executive of GSK.	Jean-Pierre Garnier	October 1947
date of birth	Mohamed Trabelsi, also known as Bakkaou, (born 7 January 1968) is a retired Tunisian footballer.	Mohamed Trabelsi	7 January 1968
date of birth	Harris Franklin Rall (1870--1964), Ph. D. was the first president of Iliff School of Theology in Denver, Colorado after it reopened in 1910 till 1915, and he also served as the Henry White Warren professor of Practical Theology.	Harris Franklin Rall	1870
date of birth	George Greeley (born Georgio Guariglia; July 23, 1917 -- May 26, 2007) was an Italian-American pianist, conductor, composer, arranger, recording artist and record producer who is known for his extensive work across the spectrum of the entertainment industry.	George Greeley	1917
date of birth	Morten Thrane Brünnich (30 September 1737 -- 19 September 1827) was a Danish zoologist and mineralogist.	Morten Thrane Brünnich	30 September 1737
date of birth	Cathy Cassidy (born 13 June 1962) is a British author of young adult fiction, mainly focusing on domestic fiction.	Cathy Cassidy	13 June 1962
date of birth	Frank P. Incropera (born 12 May 1939) is an American engineer and author.	Frank P. Incropera	12 May 1939
date of birth	Aurore Mutesi Kayiranga (born 1990 in Butare) is a Rwandan and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Rwanda 2012.	Aurore Mutesi Kayiranga	1990
date of birth	Andrew Marriner (born 25 February 1954) is a British solo, chamber and orchestral clarinettist.	Andrew Marriner	25 February 1954
date of birth	Cláudio José Lima Santos, known as Claudio Kron (born June 1971) is a Brazilian percussionist, dancer, capoeirista and executive producer resident in England.	Claudio Kron	June 1971
date of birth	James W. Sire (born 1933) is a Christian author, speaker, and former editor for InterVarsity Press.	James W. Sire	1933
date of birth	Tenma Shibuya (first name=Tenma, family name=Shibuya, Japanese=渋谷天馬 /Chinese=澀谷天馬,Shibuya'Tenma, Segu'Tianma, born January 13,1969) is a Japanese actor, Japanese classical dancer, and cultural exchange activist.	Tenma Shibuya	1969
date of birth	Bernard Gallay (born 7 November 1959) is a Franco-Swiss yachtsman and businessman.	Bernard Gallay	7 November 1959
date of birth	Korede Bello (born 29 February 1996) is a Nigerian singer and songwriter currently signed to Mavin Records.	Korede Bello	29 February 1996
date of birth	Jacquet of Mantua (Jacques Colebault, dit Jachet de Mantoue) (1483 -- October 2, 1559) was a French composer of the Renaissance, who spent almost his entire life in Italy.	Jacquet of Mantua	1483
date of birth	Jacob Arlow (1912--2004) was an American teacher, scholar, and clinician who served as president of the American Psychoanalytic Association and the New York Psychoanalytic Institute.	Jacob Arlow	1912
date of birth	Jan Lötvall (also spelled Lotvall, born 7 December 1956) is a Swedish clinical allergist and scientist working on translational research primarily in the field of asthma.	Jan Lötvall	7 December 1956
date of birth	Fergal McCormack (born 1974) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Cork and Kerry senior teams.	Fergal McCormack	1974
date of birth	Annie Maloney (born 4 March 1989) is an Australian cricket player.	Annie Maloney	4 March 1989
date of birth	Makoto Sei Watanabe (born 1952) is a Japanese architect living in Tokyo.	Makoto Sei Watanabe	1952
date of birth	Atle Ørbeck Sørheim (born 9 December 1933) is a Norwegian veterinarian and civil servant.	Atle Ørbeck Sørheim	9 December 1933
date of birth	Jane Sloman (1824--after 1850) was an English pianist, singer and composer who spent most of her life in the United States.	Jane Sloman	1824
date of birth	Andrew Sentance, CBE (born 1958) is a British business economist.	Andrew Sentance	1958
date of birth	John Arthur Godley, 1st Baron Kilbracken, GCB (17 June 1847 -- 27 June 1932) was a British civil servant and the longest serving, and probably the most influential, Permanent Under-Secretary of State for India.	Arthur Godley, 1st Baron Kilbracken	17 June 1847
date of birth	Louis Marius Schoon (22 June 1937 -- 7 February 1999) was a white anti-apartheid activist of Afrikaner descent.	Louis Marius Schoon	22 June 1937
date of birth	Brian Caswell (born 13 January 1954) is an Australian author of young adult fiction.	Brian Caswell	13 January 1954
date of birth	Melissa Downes (born 1971) is an Australian broadcast journalist, who is a main anchor for QTQ-9's flagship news program Nine News Queensland, presenting alongside Andrew Lofthouse on weeknights.	Melissa Downes	1971
date of birth	Wilson Raj Perumal (born 31 July 1965) is a convicted Singaporean match-fixer.	Wilson Raj Perumal	31 July 1965
date of birth	Temba Maqubela (born 1958) is a South African educator and administrator.	Temba Maqubela	1958
date of birth	Edward Alfred Anstey (6 July 1858 - 2 July 1952) was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly multi-member seats of Adelaide from 1908 to 1915 and North Adelaide from 1915 to 1921.	Edward Alfred Anstey	6 July 1858
date of birth	Sir Archibald Edmonstone, 3rd Baronet (12 March 1795 -- 15 March 1871) was a British traveller and writer.	Sir Archibald Edmonstone, 3rd Baronet	12 March 1795
date of birth	Neil Turley (born 15 March 1980) is a retired professional rugby league footballer who played as a fullback for Leigh.	Neil Turley	15 March 1980
date of birth	Dong Bin (Chinese: 董斌; born 22 November 1988) is a Chinese track and field athlete who specialises in the triple jump.	Dong Bin	22 November 1988
date of birth	Alice Priestley (born 1962) is a children's writer and illustrator.	Alice Priestley	1962
date of birth	Jayati Bhatia is a television actress who was born in 1970.	Jayati Bhatia	1970
date of birth	Ryan O'Dwyer (born 23 July 1986) is an Irish hurling player with Dublin and Kilmacud Croke's.	Ryan O'Dwyer	23 July 1986
date of birth	Giovanni Omiccioli (born 1901), was an Italian painter belonging to the modern movement of the Scuola romana (Roman School), with a dynamic paintwork representing soccer games and sports scenes.	Giovanni Omiccioli	1901
date of birth	Brian Gross (born in 1976 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa) is an actor starring in the 1998 TV series Wind on Water as Kelly Connolly and has also appeared in numerous films and TV movies.	Brian Gross	1976
date of birth	Saša Toperić, also written as Sasha Toperich (born 1972) is a concert pianist, diplomat, and human rights advocate.	Saša Toperić	1972
date of birth	Paola Bruna (born 7 February 1973), previously Paola Åhlund, is a Swedish artist and singer of Chilean descent who grew up in Dalarna.	Paola Bruna	7 February 1973
date of birth	Lin Jianhua (simplified Chinese: 林建华; traditional Chinese: 林建華; pinyin: Lín Jiànhuá; born October 1955) is the current President of Peking University.	Lin Jianhua	1955
date of birth	Jan Staffan Normark, born 1945, is a Swedish physician, microbiologist and infectious disease researcher.	Staffan Normark	1945
date of birth	Hal Shockey (1927-2013) was a Canadian hunter.	Hal Shockey	1927
date of birth	Reginald E. Beauchamp (Dec. 8, 1910 -- Dec. 20, 2000) was an American sculptor whose works include Penny Franklin (1971), Whispering Bells of Freedom (1976), and a bust of Connie Mack that sits in the Baseball Hall of Fame.	Reginald E. Beauchamp	1910
date of birth	Edoardo De Bernardis (born 27 May 1978 in Turin) is an Italian figure skating coach and choreographer.	Edoardo De Bernardis	27 May 1978
date of birth	Fikret Emek (born 20 September 1963 in Emirdağ) is a retired soldier from the Special Forces Command (Turkish: Özel Kuvvetler Komutanlığı, ÖKK); a special forces unit active in the Kurdish--	Fikret Emek	20 September 1963
date of birth	Cláudio Ulpiano (14 November 1932 -- 4 January 1999) was a Brazilian philosopher and expert on the work of Gilles Deleuze.	Cláudio Ulpiano	1932
date of birth	Karl Willetts (born 21 September 1966) is a death metal vocalist from England.	Karl Willetts	21 September 1966
date of birth	Stephen Ip, GBS, JP (born 1955) is a former politician in Hong Kong, he was Secretary for Economic Development and Labour for the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region from 2002 to 2007.	Stephen Ip	1955
date of birth	Joseph Alexander Smith MA Cantab, MSc born 5 February 1985, is a British journalist, linguist and businessman.	Joseph Alexander Smith	5 February 1985
date of birth	Jamie Thraves (born James Thraves, 6 August 1969 in Romford, Essex) is a British film writer and director.	Jamie Thraves	1969
date of birth	Martyrdom of Rais Ali Delvari, the anti-British colonialism hero Rais Ali, son of Rais Mohammad, was born in 1882 in the suburb of Bushehr.	Rais Ali Delvari	1882
date of birth	Nike Borzov (Russian: Найк Борзов, born Nikolai Vladimirovitch Barashko, Russian: Николай Владимирович Барашко, 23 May 1972) is a Russian singer and musician.	Nike Borzov	23 May 1972
date of birth	Mats Öberg (born 1972) is a Swedish pianist perhaps best known for having played with the musician Frank Zappa as a guest in 1988 and for his part in the ``Zappa's Universe'' tribute concert series.	Mats Öberg	1972
date of birth	Martina Valcepina (born 4 June 1992) is an Italian short-track speed-skater.	Martina Valcepina	4 June 1992
date of birth	Francisco R. Almada (October 4, 1896, Chínipas, Chihuahua--June 3, 1989, Monterrey, Nuevo León) was a Mexican teacher, investigator, historian and politician.	Francisco R. Almada	1896
date of birth	Stephanie Meadow (born 20 January 1992) is a Northern Irish professional golfer who played for the University of Alabama and made her professional debut at the 2014 U.S. Women's Open at Pinehurst.	Stephanie Meadow	20 January 1992
date of birth	Maude Kegg (Ojibwa name Naawakamigookwe, meaning ``Centered upon the Ground Woman''; 1904--1996) was an Ojibwa writer, folk artist, and cultural interpreter.	Maude Kegg	1904
date of birth	Dewi Penrhyn Jones (born in Wrexham in 1994) is a current professional Cricketer season 2014/15 with Glamorgan County Cricket Club.	Dewi Penrhyn Jones	1994
date of birth	Felicity Pulman (born 1945) is an Australian author with an interest in crime, history and fantasy.	Felicity Pulman	1945
date of birth	Niall Hone (born 24 June 1970) is an English musician, best known as member of the UK space rock band Hawkwind since 2008.	Niall Hone	1970
date of birth	Elín Ebba Gunnarsdóttir is an Icelandic writer born in 1953.	Elín Ebba Gunnarsdóttir	1953
date of birth	James Jameson Dickson (17 September 1815 -- 14 November, 14 November 1885) was a Scottish Swedish logging industrialist and philanthropist.	James Jameson Dickson	17 September 1815
date of birth	Mary Meeker (born September 1959) is an American venture capitalist and former Wall Street securities analyst.	Mary Meeker	September 1959
date of birth	Wally Hillis (2 March 1938 -- 10 February 2006) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Wally Hillis	2 March 1938
date of birth	Lo Suk-ching, BBS, JP (born 22 June 1950, Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong politician.	Lo Suk-ching	22 June 1950
date of birth	Oluwadamilola Bakare known as Dami Bakare (born 22 September 1988) is a British volleyball player.	Dami Bakare	22 September 1988
date of birth	Justus Nieschlag (born 9 March 1992 in Hildesheim), is a German professional triathlete, member of the National Team (B-Kader/U23), and the Junior European Champion of the year 2011.	Justus Nieschlag	9 March 1992
date of birth	Anna-Greta Leijon (born Anna Margareta Maria Lejon, 30 June 1939) is a former Swedish social democratic politician.	Anna-Greta Leijon	30 June 1939
date of birth	Mosinet Geremew (born 12 February 1992) is an Ethiopian middle-distance and long-distance runner.	Mosinet Geremew	12 February 1992
date of birth	Ralph Jezzard (born 16 January 1966 in South London) is a British music producer based in London, England.	Ralph Jezzard	16 January 1966
date of birth	Torsten Kracht (born 4 October 1967) is a retired East German and German football player.	Torsten Kracht	4 October 1967
date of birth	Anil Potti (born 10 May 1972, Hyderabad, India) is a physician and former Duke University medical researcher, focusing on oncogenomics.	Anil Potti	10 May 1972
date of birth	Robert Thomas Flower, 8th Viscount Ashbrook (1836-1919) was an Irish aristocrat, Lieutenant-Colonel in the British Army, and inventor.	Robert Thomas Flower, 8th Viscount Ashbrook	1836
date of birth	Statz Friedrich von Fullen (6 March 1638 -- 20 July 1703) was a nobleman and a Geheimrat of war for the Polish--	Statz Friedrich von Fullen	6 March 1638
date of birth	Gediminas Motuza-Matuzevičius (born 24 August 1946 in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian geologist and author of geology textbooks.	Gediminas Motuza	24 August 1946
date of birth	William Henry Hance (circa 1952 -- March 31, 1994) was a U.S. soldier who is believed to have murdered four women in and around military bases before his arrest in 1978.	William Henry Hance	1952
date of birth	Peter Vogelzang (born 11 February 1945, Utrecht) is a Dutch businessman and member of the board of directors of Feyenoord Rotterdam.	Peter Vogelzang	11 February 1945
date of birth	Philip David Zelazo (born 1966) is a developmental psychologist and neuroscientist.	Philip David Zelazo	1966
date of birth	Katy Grannan (born 1969 Arlington, Massachusetts) is an American portrait photographer.	Katy Grannan	1969
date of birth	Brett Milano (born 1957) is a Boston-based music critic and columnist.	Brett Milano	1957
date of birth	Hamzah Idris Falatah (Arabic: حمزة أدريس‎, born 8 October 1972) is a Saudi Arabian footballer.	Hamzah Idris	8 October 1972
date of birth	Rafael Medoff (born c. 1959) is an American historian, the founding director of The David Wyman Institute for Holocaust Studies, which is based in Washington, D.C. and focuses on issues related to America's response to the Holocaust.	Rafael Medoff	1959
date of birth	Gili Landau (Hebrew: גילי לנדאו‎; born 7 May 1958) is a former Israeli footballer and currently working as a manager.	Gili Landau	7 May 1958
date of birth	Benjie Bollox (born 1972) is a musician, photographer, songwriter, DJ & artist.	Benjie Bollox	1972
date of birth	Wes Jackson (born 1936) is the founder and current president of The Land Institute.	Wes Jackson	1936
date of birth	Yuriy Shatalov (born 15 September 1963 in Tetyukhe, in the Primorsky Krai, in the Soviet Union) is a retired Ukrainian-Russian professional football player who is currently a football manager.	Yuriy Shatalov	15 September 1963
date of birth	Ioannis Christou (Greek: Ιωάννης Χρήστου; born 23 June 1983) is a Greek rower.	Ioannis Christou	23 June 1983
date of birth	Daniel Healy (born 3 May 1974) is a former Australian rules footballer, who played for St Kilda in the Australian Football League and for Central District in the South Australian National Football League.	Daniel Healy	3 May 1974
date of birth	Hina Shaheen (born 13 February 1971) is a Pakistani TV, film stage actress and stage dancer.	Hina Shaheen	13 February 1971
date of birth	Li Conghou (李從厚) (914--934), formally Emperor Min of Later Tang (後唐閔帝), nickname Pusanu (菩薩奴, ``slave of a Bodhisattva''), was an emperor of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Later Tang, ruling between 933 and 934.	Li Conghou	914
date of birth	Sir Richard Perryn (1723--1803) was a Welsh judge who became baron of the exchequer.	Richard Perryn	1723
date of birth	Mantas Adomėnas (born 1 October 1972 in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian philosopher and political activist.	Mantas Adomėnas	1 October 1972
date of birth	Charles de Croÿ Prince of Chimay (Dutch: Karel van Croij; 1506 -- 11 December 1564) was a bishop of the See of Tournai in present-day Belgium from 1524 until 1564.	Charles de Croÿ	1506
date of birth	Alf Beus (born 2 May 1954) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alf Beus	2 May 1954
date of birth	Philip Joel Urry (born 5 January 1973), known by his stage name Phil Joel, is a musician and the former bassist for the Christian rock group Newsboys.	Phil Joel	5 January 1973
date of birth	Roy Painter (born c. 1933) was a former leading figure on the British far right.	Roy Painter	1933
date of birth	Kia Silverbrook (born 1958) is an Australian inventor, scientist, and serial entrepreneur.	Kia Silverbrook	1958
date of birth	Alexandru Sahia (pen name of Alexandru Stănescu; October 11, 1908 -- August 12, 1937) was a Romanian communist journalist and short story author.	Alexandru Sahia	1908
date of birth	Dorothea Brandt (born 5 March 1984) is a German swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle and breaststroke events.	Dorothea Brandt	5 March 1984
date of birth	Curt Warburton (born 1981) is an English mixed martial artist from Coundon, County Durham.	Curt Warburton	1981
date of birth	Luigi Marzullo (born 25 July 1953), better known as Gigi Marzullo, is an Italian journalist and television presenter.	Gigi Marzullo	25 July 1953
date of birth	Sir Montague Edward Smith PC QC (25 December 1806 -- 3 May 1891) was a British barrister and judge who served as one of the last Justices of the Court of Common Pleas.	Montague Edward Smith	25 December 1806
date of birth	Sam Ayorinde (born 20 October 1974) is a Nigerian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels.	Sam Ayorinde	20 October 1974
date of birth	Sande Muhamed Kizito (born 17 October 1974) is a Ugandan light flyweight boxer.	Muhamed Kizito	17 October 1974
date of birth	Melba Tolliver (born 1939) is an American journalist and former New York City news anchor and reporter.	Melba Tolliver	1939
date of birth	Tone Peršak (born 7 January 1947) is a Slovene writer, politician, theatre director and journalist.	Tone Peršak	7 January 1947
date of birth	Jonathan Darlington (born 1956 Lapworth, England) is a British conductor and the Music Director of the Duisburg Philharmonic Orchestra and Vancouver Opera.	Jonathan Darlington	1956
date of birth	Jeremy Sosenko (born 1978) is an American screenwriter, actor, improviser, and director, best known for contributing to writing the 2013 pulp comedy Movie 43 and for writing for the cartoon TV show Brickleberry on Comedy Central.	Jeremy Sosenko	1978
date of birth	Jay P. Green, Sr. (1918 -- May 20, 2008) was an ordained minister, Bible translator, publisher, and businessman.	Jay P. Green	1918
date of birth	Shinzo Takagaki (1893--1977) was a pioneer for judo.	Shinzo Takagaki	1893
date of birth	Nicolaus Ferber (1485 -- 15 April 1534) was a German Franciscan and controversialist.	Nicolaus Ferber	1485
date of birth	John Henry Carter, also known as Jack or Jock Carter (11 November 1910 -- 2 July 1992) was a professional footballer.	Jock Carter	11 November 1910
date of birth	Merica Lane Lindell, (born February 8, 1990) from Tampa, Florida, is a United States fashion model and beauty pageant contestant.	Lane Lindell	1990
date of birth	Ian Clement (born 1965 in Bexley), was Deputy Mayor of London with responsibility for Government and External Relations.	Ian Clement	1965
date of birth	Donald M. Weisman (1924--) is an American entomologist.	Donald M. Weisman	1924
date of birth	Bill Battle (born 1941) is the Athletic Director of the University of Alabama.	Bill Battle	1941
date of birth	Johannes Weinrich (born 21 July 1947) is a German left-wing political militant and a founder of the Revolutionary Cells (RZ).	Johannes Weinrich	21 July 1947
date of birth	Lord Bernard Stewart (1623 -- 26 September 1645) was a Scottish aristocrat who served as a Royalist commander in the English Civil War.	Lord Bernard Stewart	1623
date of birth	Maria Elvins Clarke née Pountney (1869, Great Barr, Staffordshire -- June 20, 1958, Worthing, Sussex) was a British journalist based in Paris from the early 1900s until 1937 who wrote under the name Moma Clarke.	Moma Clarke	1869
date of birth	Craig Moller (born 22 August 1994) is an Australian professional basketball player and former professional Australian rules footballer.	Craig Moller	22 August 1994
date of birth	Daniel L. Smith-Christopher (born 1955) is an American Biblical theologian and author.	Daniel L. Smith-Christopher	1955
date of birth	Amaan Ali Khan (Hindi: अमान अली ख़ान; Urdu: أمان علی خان‎; IAST: Amān Alī Khān) (born 1977) is an Indian classical musician who plays the sarod.	Amaan Ali Khan	1977
date of birth	Larry Delgado (born 1936) was elected mayor of Santa Fe, New Mexico after serving two terms on the Santa Fe City Council from 1990 to 1998.	Larry Delgado	1936
date of birth	Greg Cravens (born 1965 in Jackson, Tennessee) is an American cartoonist, was born to Cecil and Bonnie Cravens.	Greg Cravens	1965
date of birth	Joe Doherty (born 20 January 1955) is a former volunteer in the Belfast Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) who escaped during his 1981 trial for killing a member of the Special Air Service (SAS) in 1980.	Joe Doherty	20 January 1955
date of birth	Simeon Nelson (born 1964) is an Australian sculptor and transdisciplinary artist.	Simeon Nelson	1964
date of birth	Jeremi Kimmakon (29 May 1994) is a French footballer who plays for Paris Saint-Germain as a winger.	Jeremi Kimmakon	29 May 1994
date of birth	Tim Leathart (born 22 September 1989) is an Australian athlete specialising in the 100 meters who has competed in the World Championships.	Tim Leathart	22 September 1989
date of birth	Joseph Weyland (born 24 April 1943) is a Luxembourgian diplomat and was Luxembourg's Ambassador to the United States from 2 March 2005 to 2008.	Joseph Weyland	24 April 1943
date of birth	Laurence Womock (also Lawrence Womach or Womack) (1612--1686) was an English bishop.	Laurence Womock	1612
date of birth	Sunny Gupta (born 27 September 1988) is an Indian cricketer from Jamshedpur, Bihar.	Sunny Gupta	27 September 1988
date of birth	Maung Thura ``Zarganar'' (also called Zaganar (Burmese: ဇာဂနာ; also Zargana; pronounced: (zàɡənà)); born 27 January 1961) is a popular Burmese comedian, film actor, and a film director as well as a fierce critic and often political prisoner of the Burmese military government.	Zarganar	27 January 1961
date of birth	Barry Cox (Chinese: 郭栢榮,born 15 January, 1977) is a British pop star in China.	Barry Cox	1977
date of birth	Johan Fredrik Paasche (né Amundsen; 3 February 1886 -- 1 September 1943) was a Norwegian literary historian.	Fredrik Paasche	1886
date of birth	Wilhelm Bauer (23 December 1822 - 20 June 1875) was a Bavarian inventor and engineer who built several hand-powered submarines.	Wilhelm Bauer	23 December 1822
date of birth	Elda Dushi (born 1989) is an Albanian beauty queen who represented Albania in the 2007 Miss World pageant.	Elda Dushi	1989
date of birth	Charles Morris Woodford (30 October 1852 -- 4 October 1927) was a British naturalist and government minister active in the Solomon Islands.	Charles Morris Woodford	30 October 1852
date of birth	Lim Eun-ji (Korean: 임은지; born 2 April 1989) is a South Korean pole vaulter.	Lim Eun-ji	2 April 1989
date of birth	Garry David, also known as Garry Webb, was an Australian criminal born on 20 November 1954 to Rupert and Betty David.	Garry David	20 November 1954
date of birth	Shirley Strum Kenny (born 1935) is an English scholar and retired university president.	Shirley Strum Kenny	1935
date of birth	Johann Gramp (28 August 1819 -- 9 August 1903) was a Bavarian-born Australian winemaker, local politician and citrus-grower.	Johann Gramp	28 August 1819
date of birth	Xavier Maassen (born 22 June 1980 in Heerlen) is a Dutch racing driver who previously competed in the FIA GT1 World Championship for Mad-Croc Racing.	Xavier Maassen	22 June 1980
date of birth	Estanislao del Canto Arteaga (1840 -- June 23, 1923) was a Chilean military figure who played a major role in the War of the Pacific (1879-1883) and the Chilean Civil War (1891).	Estanislao del Canto	1840
date of birth	Shibu Chakravarthy was born in Cochin on 17 February 1961, in Kaloor, Ernakulam District, to the late K.G. Das and Leela, a teacher.	Shibu Chakravarthy	17 February 1961
date of birth	Arne Quinze (born 15 December 1971) is a Belgian conceptual artist best known for his unconventional and controversial public art installations.	Arne Quinze	15 December 1971
date of birth	Zhang Liuhong (born 16 January 1969) is a retired Chinese shot putter, best known for her bronze medal at the 1993 World Indoor Championships.	Zhang Liuhong	16 January 1969
date of birth	Benjamin Elazari Volcani (4 January 1915 -- 1 February 1999) discovered life in the Dead Sea and pioneered biological silicon research at Scripps Institution of Oceanography at the University of California, San Diego.	Benjamin Elazari Volcani	4 January 1915
date of birth	Shaun Greatbatch (born 13 July 1969) is a former English darts player.	Shaun Greatbatch	13 July 1969
date of birth	Michael Tenzer (born 1957) is a composer, performer, and music educator and scholar.	Michael Tenzer	1957
date of birth	Devinder Pal Singh Bhullar (born 26 May 1965 in Punjab, India) is a convict in 1993 Delhi bomb blast case, whose death sentence has been commuted to life imprisonment by the Supreme Court of India on 31 March 2014.	Devinder Pal Singh Bhullar	1965
date of birth	Dino Attanasio (real name Edoardo Attanasio, born 8 May 1925) is an Italian-born Belgian author of comics.	Dino Attanasio	8 May 1925
date of birth	Yorick van Wageningen (born 16 April 1964) is a Dutch actor who has performed in Dutch and American films, including The Chronicles of Riddick.	Yorick van Wageningen	16 April 1964
date of birth	Klaus Schilde (born 1926) is a German pianist and violinist who has made numerous recordings, radio and TV broadcasts and produced 100 Henle urtext editions of fingerings.	Klaus Schilde	1926
date of birth	Gabriella Varga (born 7 April 1982) is a Hungarian foil fencer, individual European champion in 2003 and team European champion in 2007.	Gabriella Varga	7 April 1982
date of birth	Bernadette Strachan (née Gaughan, born 27 December 1962) is an English author of popular women's fiction and among the more popular writers of ``chick lit.'' Her first novel, The Reluctant Landlady, was published by Hodder & Stoughton in 2004 since when she has published a further three novels.	Bernadette Strachan	27 December 1962
date of birth	Dr. Zemaryalai Tarzi (Pashto: زمریالی طرزی‎) (born 1939) is an archaeologist from Afghanistan.	Zemaryalai Tarzi	1939
date of birth	Josiah Clowes (1735--1794) was a noted English civil engineer and canal builder.	Josiah Clowes	1735
date of birth	Brendan Schwab (born 10 March 1968) is an Australian sports administrator and lawyer, specialising in labour law, collective bargaining and dispute resolution, particularly in professional team sports.	Brendan Schwab	10 March 1968
date of birth	Electroboy (born Florian Burkhardt 13 March 1974) is a Swiss model, author, conceptioner, graphic designer, electronic musician and music producer.	Electroboy	13 March 1974
date of birth	Sir Emile Littler (9 September 1903 -- 23 January 1985), born Emile Richeux, was an English theatrical impresario, producer and author.	Emile Littler	9 September 1903
date of birth	Iris van Herpen (born 5 June 1984) is a Dutch fashion designer.	Iris van Herpen	5 June 1984
date of birth	Stan Robinson (born 13 April 1936, Salford, Lancashire, England) is an English jazz tenor saxophonist and flautist.	Stan Robinson	13 April 1936
date of birth	Gilad Segev (in Hebrew גלעד שגב; born 16 November 1974) is an Israeli singer-songwriter and musician.	Gilad Segev	16 November 1974
date of birth	Jeff Atmajian (born 1960 in Fresno, California) is an arranger and orchestrator for films.	Jeff Atmajian	1960
date of birth	Shawn Mackay (31 May 1982 -- 6 April 2009) was an Australian rugby union player with the Canberra based Brumbies in the Super 14 competition.	Shawn Mackay	31 May 1982
date of birth	Manuel de Jesús Juárez (1955 -- March 26, 2010) was a Honduran radio journalist.	Manuel de Jesús Juárez	1955
date of birth	Vlado Šmit (Serbian Cyrillic: Владо Шмит; born 6 April 1980) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Slovenian club Triglav Kranj.	Vlado Šmit	6 April 1980
date of birth	Thomas Burrow (29 June 1909 -- 8 June 1986) was an Indologist and the Boden Professor of Sanskrit at the University of Oxford from 1944 to 1976; he was also a fellow of Balliol College, Oxford during this time.	Thomas Burrow	29 June 1909
date of birth	Dmytro Boiko (Ukrainian: Дмитро Бойко; born 16 January 1986) is a Ukrainian sabre fencer.	Dmytro Boiko	16 January 1986
date of birth	Dr. Jagdish Chaturvedi (born in Bangalore, Karnataka on 27 March 1984) is an ear, nose and throat surgeon and an inventor for affordable medical devices designed for the Indian healthcare system.	Jagdish Chaturvedi	27 March 1984
date of birth	Alberto Gilardino, Ufficiale OMRI (Italian pronunciation: (alˈbɛrto dʒilarˈdino); born 5 July 1982) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Serie A club Palermo.	Alberto Gilardino	5 July 1982
date of birth	Misha Frid (22 November 1938) is a Russian-born American sculptor, artist, graphic designer, film maker.	Misha Frid	22 November 1938
date of birth	Klaus Tange (born 7 July 1962) is a Danish actor working in theatre, film, and television.	Klaus Tange	7 July 1962
date of birth	Joyce Christ (7 March 1921 in Waverley, New South Wales -- 17 October 1997 in Arncliffe, New South Wales) was an Australian cricket player.	Joyce Christ	7 March 1921
date of birth	Alan Priddy (born 7 April 1953) is a British power boat sailor and adventurer who has set several boating world records.	Alan Priddy	7 April 1953
date of birth	Brad Falchuk (born circa 1971) is an American television writer, director and producer.	Brad Falchuk	1971
date of birth	Cheng Yonghua (simplified Chinese: 程永华; traditional Chinese: 程永華; pinyin: Chéng Yǒnghuá; born September 1954) is a Chinese diplomat and currently the Chinese Ambassador to Japan.	Cheng Yonghua	September 1954
date of birth	Mohamad Ghomeyshi (in Persian: محمد قمیشی) (born 1961) is an Iranian set and costume designer.	Mohamad Ghomeyshi	1961
date of birth	Azra Sherwani (1940--2005) was a Pakistani television actress with a career spanning over 35 years who played a variety of roles.	Azra Sherwani	1940
date of birth	Thomas Pitt Langmead (1840--1882), from 1864 known as Thomas Pitt Taswell-Langmead, was an English barrister and academic, known as a writer on constitutional law and history.	Thomas Pitt Taswell-Langmead	1840
date of birth	Radu Sabo (born 13 September 1971) is a Romanian former football player, he last played for Sănătatea Cluj.	Radu Sabo	13 September 1971
date of birth	Bob Van Reeth (Temse, 26 February 1943), who usually signs as bOb Van Reeth, is a Belgian architect.	Bob Van Reeth	26 February 1943
date of birth	Serkalem Fasil (Amharic: ሰርካለም ፋሲል; born c. 1978) is an Ethiopian journalist and former co-publisher of the newspapers Asqual, Menilik, and Satenaw.	Serkalem Fasil	1978
date of birth	Ndoc Nikaj (1864-1951) was an Albanian priest, writer, and historian.	Ndoc Nikaj	1864
date of birth	Gideon Nye (1812 -- January 25, 1888) was an American diplomat, art collector, writer and merchant in the East Indian and China trade, known both for his art collection and for his books on China.	Gideon Nye	1812
date of birth	Nenad Vukčević (born 25 November 1974) is a Montenegrin former football player and current manager who played as a forward for clubs in FR Yugoslavia, Greece and Sweden.	Nenad Vukčević	25 November 1974
date of birth	Viktor Lyoskin (Russian: Виктор Лёскин; born 27 October 1953) is a retired Russian speed skater.	Viktor Lyoskin	27 October 1953
date of birth	Vincent Jay (born 18 May 1985) is a former French biathlete and non-commissioned officer.	Vincent Jay	18 May 1985
date of birth	John F. Simon Jr. (1963, Louisiana), is a new media artist who works with LCD screens and computer programming.	John F. Simon Jr.	1963
date of birth	Sir Charles Jenkinson, 10th Baronet (23 February 1779 -- 6 March 1855), known as Charles Jenkinson until 1851, was a British politician.	Sir Charles Jenkinson, 10th Baronet	23 February 1779
date of birth	Ian Mills (born 4 May 1969) is a producer, director and choreographer.	Ian Mills	4 May 1969
date of birth	Clive Driskill-Smith (born 1978) MA MPhil FRCO ARCM is an English organist.	Clive Driskill-Smith	1978
date of birth	Matthew Henry Barker (1790--1846), was an English writer of sea tales.	Matthew Henry Barker	1790
date of birth	Rhoda McDonald (born 29 April 1878) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Rhoda McDonald	29 April 1878
date of birth	Jacob Bauthumley or Bottomley (1613--1692) was a significant English radical religious writer, usually identified as a central figure among the Ranters.	Jacob Bauthumley	1613
date of birth	Paul Jay (born 1951) is a journalist and filmmaker who founded and is CEO of The Real News Network.	Paul Jay	1951
date of birth	Lavrenti Lopes (born 29 March 1986) is an Indian actor and model in Hollywood.	Lavrenti Lopes	29 March 1986
date of birth	John Cogswell (1592-1669) was a leading figure and large landowner in the early history of Ipswich, Massachusetts and a deputy for the General Court of Massachusetts.	John Cogswell	1592
date of birth	Marshall Gilmore, the 41st Bishop of the Christian Methodist Episcopal Church, was born in Hoffman, NC, January 4, 1931.	Marshall Gilmore	1931
date of birth	Mimi Herbert, painter and sculptor, was born in 1936.	Mimi Herbert	1936
date of birth	Tara Sutaria (born 19 November 1995) is an Indian singer, actor and dancer.	Tara Sutaria	19 November 1995
date of birth	Ilija Ranitović (Serbian Cyrillic: Илија Ранитовић; born 6 February 1987) is a Montenegrin former middle-distance track runner.	Ilija Ranitović	6 February 1987
date of birth	Dola Sen (born 26 March 1967 Kolkata ) is an Indian politician and trade unionist.	Dola Sen	26 March 1967
date of birth	Vicente Cuadra Chamberlain (1919--2000) was one of the pioneers of the Nicaraguan advertising industry.	Vicente Cuadra Chamberlain	1919
date of birth	Hashmat Ullah Khan, also spelled Hashmatullah Khan, (born in 1954 in Nawab Bazaar, Srinagar City) is a Kashmiri Kani shawl promoter and entrepreneur.	Hashmat Ullah Khan	1954
date of birth	Robbie Coltrane, OBE (born Anthony Robert McMillan; 30 March 1950) is a Scottish actor, comedian and author.	Robbie Coltrane	30 March 1950
date of birth	Erling Storrusten (born 28 September 1923) is a Norwegian former businessperson.	Erling Storrusten	28 September 1923
date of birth	Lynne Muthoni Wanyeki (born 1972) is a Kenyan political scientist, human rights activist and the current Regional Director of Amnesty International in East Africa.	Lynne Muthoni Wanyeki	1972
date of birth	Boris Rajewsky (Борис Раєвський) (17 July 1893 -- 22 November 1974) was a Russian-born German biophysicist, who was one of the most influential researchers on the impact of radiation on living organisms in the 20th century.	Boris Rajewsky	17 July 1893
date of birth	Joseph Kaufman (1882 - February 1, 1918) was an American silent film actor and director prominent during the WW1 years.	Joseph Kaufman	1882
date of birth	Sardar Bahadur Sir Sundar Singh Majithia CIE (17 February 1872 -- June 1941) was an Indian landowner and politician.	Sundar Singh Majithia	17 February 1872
date of birth	Lucius Caesonius Lucillus Macer Rufinianus (c. AD 195 -- c. AD 255) was a Roman military officer and senator who was appointed suffect consul possibly between AD 225 and 229.	Lucius Caesonius Lucillus Macer Rufinianus	195
date of birth	Dr Donald John Pinkava (born 1933) is a botanist, specialising in cacti and succulents, and he is the discoverer of some of their varieties.	Donald John Pinkava	1933
date of birth	Gordon Roberts (born 1928), better known as Gordon the Tramp, is a resident of Bournemouth who is famous for always knowing the correct time even though he does not own a watch.	Gordon the Tramp	1928
date of birth	Sir Ian Holm CBE (born 12 September 1931) is an English actor known for his stage work and many film roles.	Ian Holm	12 September 1931
date of birth	Tin Tokić (born 29 December 1985) is an Italian-Croatian handballer who plays as a left back for Știința Municipal Dedeman Bacău in the Romanian Liga Naţională and the Italian national team.	Tin Tokić	29 December 1985
date of birth	Dragana Pecevska (Macedonian: Драгана Пецевска) (born 11 April 1983 in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia) is a Macedonian handball player who plays for ŽRK Vardar and for the Macedonia women's national handball team.	Dragana Pecevska	11 April 1983
date of birth	James Bate (1703--1775) was an English scholar and writer.	James Bate	1703
date of birth	Kanna Lakshminarayana (Telugu: కన్నా లక్ష్మి నారాయణ) (born: 13 August 1955) is an Indian Politician and present Member of the Legislative Assembly for Guntur West constituency and Cabinet Minister for Agriculture & Agriculture Technology Mission in Sri.N.Kiran Kumar Reddy's Cabinet.	Kanna Lakshminarayana	13 August 1955
date of birth	Luigi Mion (Cattaro, Dalmatia, June 15, 1843 -- 1920) was an Italian painter, active mainly in Venice painting genre subjects.	Luigi Mion	1843
date of birth	Abdulaziz Laval (born 20 December 1992) is a Nigerian footballer playing currently for Naftan Novopolotsk.	Abdulaziz Laval	20 December 1992
date of birth	M. G. Ejaife (born I June, 1912 -- 6 March 1972) was an Urhobo nationalist from Okpara Inland and the first principal of the premier Urhobo College Effurun, Warri.	M. G. Ejaife	1912
date of birth	Bruno Toniolli (born 29 August 1943) is a retired Italian speed skater who was active internationally between 1969 and 1976.	Bruno Toniolli	29 August 1943
date of birth	Nevin Galmarini (born on 4 December 1986) is a Swiss snowboarder.	Nevin Galmarini	4 December 1986
date of birth	Daniel Veyt (born 9 December 1956) is a Belgian former football (soccer) player.	Daniel Veyt	9 December 1956
date of birth	Franz Hoffmeister (22 March 1898 -- 27 March 1943) was a German Roman Catholic priest and the founder of the Sauerländer Heimatbund and Festspiele Balver Höhle.	Franz Hoffmeister	22 March 1898
date of birth	Robert C. Gunderson (6 December 1931 -- 23 June 2003) was an American genealogist.	Robert C. Gunderson	6 December 1931
date of birth	Evarist Pinto (born 31 December 1933 in Goa, Portuguese India) is the former Archbishop of Karachi, Pakistan.	Evarist Pinto	31 December 1933
date of birth	Hicham El-Mashtoub (born May 11, 1972) is a former American football center who played two seasons with the Houston Oilers of the National Football League.	Hicham El-Mashtoub	1972
date of birth	Yoel Levi (Hebrew: יואל לוי) (born 16 August 1950) is an Israeli musician and conductor.	Yoel Levi	1950
date of birth	Nicola Wilson (née Tweddle) (born 1 October 1976 in Darlington) is a British equestrian rider specialising in three-day eventing.	Nicola Wilson	1 October 1976
date of birth	Demba Traoré (born 22 April 1982) is a Swedish football striker/midfielder who currently plays for Asker Fotball.	Demba Traoré	22 April 1982
date of birth	Kaire Indrikson (Russian: Кайре Индриксон; born 13 June 1961) is a retired Estonian backstroke swimmer who won two medals at the 1977 European Aquatics Championships.	Kaire Indrikson	13 June 1961
date of birth	David Veilleux (born 26 November 1987 in Cap-Rouge, Quebec) is a Canadian former professional cyclist, who competed as a professional between 2011 and 2013.	David Veilleux	26 November 1987
date of birth	Ernest Delaney (5 January 1889 Jackson, Michigan -- Unknown) was an American racecar driver.	Ernest Delaney	5 January 1889
date of birth	Diane Parish (born 1 November 1969) is an English actress best known for her roles as Denise Fox in the BBC Soap EastEnders and DC Eva Sharpe in The Bill.	Diane Parish	1 November 1969
date of birth	Gunnar Johannsen (born 1940) is a German cyberneticist, and Emeritus Professor of Systems Engineering and Human-Machine Systems at the University of Kassel, known for his contributions in the field of human-machine systems.	Gunnar Johannsen	1940
date of birth	Jakub Szczawiński (1577--1637) was a noble (szlachcic) in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, of Prawdzic Coat of Arms.	Jakub Szczawiński	1577
date of birth	Síle Burns (born 1985) in Cork is a camogie player and a physiotherapist, winner of All Ireland camogie medals in 2008, when she scored two goals in the final, and 2009 and a camogie All Star award winner in 2008.	Síle Burns	1985
date of birth	Juan Luis Bosch Gutierrez (born 1952) was born in Guatemala.	Juan Luis Bosch Gutierrez	1952
date of birth	John Panaretos (Greek: Γιάννης Πανάρετος; born 1948 in Kythera) is a Greek educator and statistician.	John Panaretos	1948
date of birth	Paola Saini (born 11 October 1945) is a retired Italian swimmer.	Paola Saini	11 October 1945
date of birth	Vamsy or Vamsi (Telugu: వంశీ, born Nallamilli Bamireddy on 20 November 1956) is a Telugu Indian film director, screenwriter and music director.	Vamsy	20 November 1956
date of birth	Renato Soares de Oliveira Augusto, or simply Renato Augusto (born 8 February 1988) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Beijing Guoan.	Renato Augusto	8 February 1988
date of birth	Lawrence Everhart (6 May 1755 -- 1840) was a soldier in the American Revolutionary War.	Lawrence Everhart	6 May 1755
date of birth	Saint Albert of Chiatina (1135--1202) is venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church.	Albert of Chiatina	1135
date of birth	Anthony Réveillère (French pronunciation: ​(ɑ̃.tɔ.ni ʁe.vɛ.jɛʁ); born 10 November 1979) is a retired French footballer who plays as a right back.	Anthony Réveillère	10 November 1979
date of birth	Gamal Yafai (born 4 August 1991) is an English professional boxer fighting in the 54 kg Bantamweight category.	Gamal Yafai	4 August 1991
date of birth	Nick Barraclough (born 1951 in Cambridge) is a British radio producer, presenter, musician and writer, who is best known for hosting shows related to specialist American music.	Nick Barraclough	1951
date of birth	Rachel Vail (born July 25, 1966), is an American author of children's and young adult books.	Rachel Vail	1966
date of birth	Rabbi Meshulam Zusha of Hanipol or Meshulum Zusil of Anipoli (1718--1800), Reb Zusha, Reb Zushe, The Rebbe Reb Zusha (sometimes spelled Zusil, Zoussia, Zušya, Zushya, Zushia, Zisha of Anipoli ) was an Orthodox rabbi and an early Hasidic luminary.	Zusha of Hanipol	1718
date of birth	José Luis Blanco Quevedo (born 3 June 1975 in Lloret de Mar) is a Spanish middle-distance runner, who mostly concentrates on the 3000 metres steeplechase.	José Luis Blanco	3 June 1975
date of birth	Sir John Baber, M.D. (18 April 1625 -- 1704), was an English physician to Charles II, often employed by the king to negotiate with puritans and other non-conformists on account of his sympathies with them.	Sir John Baber	18 April 1625
date of birth	Mark Brown (born 1962), better known by the stage name Brown Mark, also styled Brownmark and BrownMark, is an American musician, bassist and record producer.	Brownmark	1962
date of birth	Jodie Swallow (born 23 June 1981) is a British triathlete from Loughborough, Leicestershire.	Jodie Swallow	23 June 1981
date of birth	Jonathan Kos-Read (born 1973), also known as Cao Cao (Chinese: 曹操; pinyin: Cáo Cāo), is an American film and television actor based in the People's Republic of China.	Jonathan Kos-Read	1973
date of birth	Wikana (16 October 1914-...) was an Indonesian minister and one of independence leaders.	Wikana	16 October 1914
date of birth	David Christopher Daniel Wahlgren (born 13 July 1966), better known by the stage name Papa Dee, is a Swedish rap, ragga and dancehall musician.	Papa Dee	13 July 1966
date of birth	Erwin Fiedor (20 May 1943 -- 14 February 2012) was a Polish ski jumper and Nordic combined skier.	Erwin Fiedor	20 May 1943
date of birth	Guillaume Tranchant (French pronunciation: ​(ɡiˈjɔm tʁɑ̃ˈʃɑ̃); born 20 February 1980), better known by his stage name Gringe ((ˈɡʁɛ̃ʒ)), is a French rapper, songwriter and actor.	Gringe	20 February 1980
date of birth	David Burgess-Joyce (born 1964) was the Chief Officer of Merseyside Police Special Constabulary.	David Burgess-Joyce	1964
date of birth	Henric de la Cour born Paul Henric Dornonville de La Cour in Eskilstuna on 8 October 1974 is a Swedish songwriter, musician and singer.	Henric de la Cour	8 October 1974
date of birth	Karin von Welck (born 30 April 1947 in Buir, North Rhine-Westphalia) been Cultural Senator of the city state of Hamburg since 2004.	Karin von Welck	1947
date of birth	Rafael Palma y Velasquez (24 October 1874 -- 24 May 1939) was a Filipino politician, Rizalian, writer, educator and a famous Freemason.	Rafael Palma	24 October 1874
date of birth	Behrouz A. Forouzan (born 1944) is an emeritus professor of the Computer Information Systems department of DeAnza College.	Behrouz A. Forouzan	1944
date of birth	Jonathan Chimier (born 6 August 1982) is a Mauritian long jumper who won the 2004 African Championships in Athletics.	Jonathan Chimier	6 August 1982
date of birth	Routh Goshen, born Arthur James Caley (1824 -- February 12, 1889) was most commonly known as Colonel Routh Goshen or the Arabian Giant or the Palestine Giant.	Colonel Routh Goshen	1824
date of birth	Steve Alpert (born 1950, full name: Stephen M. Alpert) is an American entertainment executive.	Steve Alpert	1950
date of birth	Jonathan Evison (born 1968), is an American writer best known for his novels All About Lulu, West of Here, and The Revised Fundamentals of Caregiving.	Jonathan Evison	1968
date of birth	Gina Catalino (born 1984) is a New York-based folk-pop singer/songwriter.	Gina Catalino	1984
date of birth	Nils Lid Hjort (born 12 January 1953) is a Norwegian statistician, and has been a professor of mathematical statistics at the University of Oslo since 1991.	Nils Lid Hjort	12 January 1953
date of birth	Emeritus Professor Robert Maynard Jones (born 1929), generally known as Bobi Jones, is a Welsh Christian academic, one of the most prolific writers in the history of the Welsh language.	Bobi Jones	1929
date of birth	Jumber Lominadze (Georgian: ჯუმბერ ლომინაძე (dʒumbɛr lɔminɑdzɛ) ; 20 September 1930 -- 20 January 2014) was a Georgian astrophysicist associated with the Georgian Academy of Sciences.	Jumber Lominadze	20 September 1930
date of birth	Klaas Carel Faber (20 January 1922 -- 24 May 2012) was a convicted Dutch-German war criminal.	Klaas Carel Faber	20 January 1922
date of birth	Carlos Vinícius Santos de Jesus (born 22 June 1994) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a centre back for Aarau on loan from Atlético Monte Azul.	Carlos Vinícius Santos de Jesus	22 June 1994
date of birth	Munis Ansari (born 1 April 1986) is an international cricketer who debuted for the Omani national side at the 2013 World Cricket League Division Three tournament.	Munis Ansari	1 April 1986
date of birth	Mario Lavezzi (born 8 May 1948) is an Italian singer-songwriter, composer, record producer and guitarist.	Mario Lavezzi	8 May 1948
date of birth	Andres Metspalu (born 11 March 1951) is an Estonian geneticist and member of the Estonian Academy of Sciences.	Andres Metspalu	11 March 1951
date of birth	Konstantin Nahk (born Konstantin Kolbassenko; 10 February 1975) is a former Estonian professional footballer.	Konstantin Nahk	10 February 1975
date of birth	Somendra Nath Mitra (born 31 December 1943), popularly known as Somen Mitra, is an Indian politician.	Somendra Nath Mitra	31 December 1943
date of birth	Arouna Mama (1925--1974) was a Beninese politician, most active when his country was known as Dahomey.	Arouna Mama	1925
date of birth	Agnès Gosselin (born 21 November 1967) is a French former figure skater who competed in ladies' singles.	Agnès Gosselin	21 November 1967
date of birth	Gordon Kay (6 September 1916 - 8 March 2005) was an American film producer who specialised in Westerns, working mostly at Republic Studios where he produced 26 Allan ``Rocky'' Lane westerns beginning in 1947 and Universal International.	Gordon Kay	6 September 1916
date of birth	Cecilia of Brandenburg (c. 1405 -- 4 January 1449) was a princess of Brandenburg by birth and by marriage a Duchess of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel.	Cecilia of Brandenburg	1405
date of birth	Monsignor Anton Agreiter, MHM (18 March 1934 − 15 October 2002) was a Roman Catholic priest who served as the Apostolic Prefect of the Falkland Islands and Ecclesiastic Superior of St. Helena, Ascension Island and Tristan da Cunha since 1986 to 2002.	Anton Agreiter	18 March 1934
date of birth	Gary D. Forsee (born 1950) was the chairman and chief executive officer of Sprint Nextel Corporation (2003--2007) and served as president of the University of Missouri System from 2007-2011.	Gary D. Forsee	1950
date of birth	Zoltán Teszári (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈzoltaːn ˈtɛsaːri); born 1970 in Oradea) is a Romanian IT entrepreneur.	Zoltán Teszári	1970
date of birth	Fazlollah Zahedi (Persian: فضل الله زاهدی) (c. 1897- 2 September (or 1 September) 1963) was an Iranian general and statesman who replaced Iranian Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddegh through a coup d'état, in which he played a major role.	Fazlollah Zahedi	1897
date of birth	George Oros (born 1954) is an American lawyer and Republican politician from Cortlandt Manor, New York.	George Oros	1954
date of birth	Kristýna Kolocová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkrɪstiːna ˈkolotsovaː); born 1 April 1988) is a Czech beach volleyball player.	Kristýna Kolocová	1 April 1988
date of birth	Dylan Borlée (born 20 September 1992) is a Belgian track and field sprinter who competes in the 400 metres.	Dylan Borlée	20 September 1992
date of birth	Franciszek Czapek (Czech: František Čapek, French: François Czapek) (born 1811) was a master watchmaker and partner of Antoni Patek in Patek, Czapek & Cie.	Franciszek Czapek	1811
date of birth	Grant Lawrie (born 29 November 1958) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and St Kilda in the Victorian/Australian Football League (VFL/AFL).	Grant Lawrie	29 November 1958
date of birth	Zecharia Dershowitz (1865--later than 1888), known as Reb Zecharia, was a Jewish man who immigrated to the United States in 1888 from Galicia, Poland at the age of twenty three.	Zecharia Dershowitz	1865
date of birth	Eleftherios Fotiadis (Greek: Ελευθέριος Φωτιάδης; born 15 July 1965) is a former professional Greek footballer.	Eleftherios Fotiadis	15 July 1965
date of birth	Henry Kessler (1847 -- January 9, 1900) was an American Major League Baseball player who played mainly shortstop for the Brooklyn Atlantics of the National Association and the Cincinnati Reds of the National League.	Henry Kessler	1847
date of birth	Doug Muirhead (born 20 March 1962) is a former Canadian soccer player who played for the national team from 1989-1992.	Doug Muirhead	20 March 1962
date of birth	Cheney Clow (1734--1788) was a loyalist from Delaware during the American Revolution who staged a rebellion against the colonial government that was advocating separation from Great Britain.	Cheney Clow	1734
date of birth	Pandit Shankar Ghosh (1935 -- 22 January 2016) was an Indian tabla player from the Farukhabad gharana of Hindustani classical music.	Shankar Ghosh	1935
date of birth	Vladimir Sorochinskiy (Russian: Владимир Сорочинский; born 15 February 1980) is a retired Belarusian professional footballer of Kazakh origin.	Vladimir Sorochinskiy	15 February 1980
date of birth	Noel Teasdale (born 2 January 1938) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League.	Noel Teasdale	2 January 1938
date of birth	M.A. Yewdale (1908 -- 2000) was an early 20th-century, West Coast Canadian pioneer and heritage artist, who created prolifically, with a bold and colourful palate.	M.A. Yewdale	1908
date of birth	Jon Sousa (born in 1978 in New Jersey, USA) is a contemporary American musician and solo guitarist from New Jersey, currently residing in Boulder, Colorado.	Jon Sousa	1978
date of birth	Peter Cousens (born in 1955) is an Australian actor, born in Tamworth, New South Wales.	Peter Cousens	1955
date of birth	Raimondas Žutautas (born 4 September 1972) is a former Lithuanian footballer and former Lithuanian national football team head coach.	Raimondas Žutautas	4 September 1972
date of birth	Billy Rayner (May 1935 -- 18 July 2006) was an Australian rugby league footballer from the 1950s and 1960s.	Billy Rayner	May 1935
date of birth	Daniel Niell Jordaan (born 13 January 1992 in Newcastle, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with UFS Shimlas, the Free State Cheetahs and the Cheetahs.	Niell Jordaan	13 January 1992
date of birth	Calvin L. Noble, born October 13, 1813 in Trumbull County, Ohio, United States is known primarily for spelling the name of Cleveland, Ohio incorrectly.	Calvin L. Noble	1813
date of birth	Luis Felipe Henao Cardona (born 23 October 1979) is a Colombian politician who is the 3rd and current Minister of Housing, City and Territory of Colombia since 2013.	Luis Felipe Henao Cardona	23 October 1979
date of birth	Vakur Versan (1918 -- 4 April 2011) was a Turkish jurist and professor of administrative law at İstanbul University.	Vakur Versan	1918
date of birth	David Llewellyn-Smith (born 16 March 1967) is an Australian writer and independent publisher in the field of macroeconomics.	David Llewellyn-Smith	1967
date of birth	Louise Kramer (born 1923, in New York City, United States) is a New York City-based artist, known for working in a wide range of media - from printmaking to drawing, sculpture, and site-specific installation.	Louise Kramer	1923
date of birth	Özden Örnek (2 February 1943, İzmit) is a retired Turkish admiral.	Özden Örnek	2 February 1943
date of birth	Eric Sheppard (born 1 October 1950) is a British and American geographer, and Professor of Economic geography at UCLA.	Eric Sheppard	1 October 1950
date of birth	Milena Jelinek (Czech: Milena Jelínková, née Tobolová) (born 1935) is a Czech American screenwriter, playwright and teacher.	Milena Jelinek	1935
date of birth	Dov Weissglass (born 1946) is an Israeli lawyer and business man who has been closely linked with the Middle East peace process, particularly under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	Dov Weissglass	1946
date of birth	Carmel Berkson (born 1924) is an American sculptor known for her documentation and books on Indian art, aesthetics and architecture.	Carmel Berkson	1924
date of birth	Norbert De Cuyper (born 14 April 1943 in Uitkerke) is a Belgian, Flemish politician.	Norbert De Cuyper	1943
date of birth	Len Skeat (born 9 February 1937) is an English jazz double-bassist born in east London, perhaps best known for his work with the Ted Heath band and younger brother of Bill Skeat (saxes).	Len Skeat	9 February 1937
date of birth	Charles H. Seston (1840 -- September 19, 1864) was a Union Army soldier killed in action during the American Civil War.	Charles H. Seston	1840
date of birth	Raoul Cauvin (born 26 September 1938) is a Belgian comics author and one of the most popular in the humorist field.	Raoul Cauvin	26 September 1938
date of birth	Nicolas Ceolin started in football at Gaúcho, playing for other Rio Grande do Sul-based youth clubs until he was transferred to EC Vitoria (born 10 April 1986 in Passo Fundo) is a Brazilian footballer.	Nicolas Ceolin	10 April 1986
date of birth	Louis Charles Karpinski (5 August 1878 -- 25 January 1956) was an American mathematician born in Rochester, New York to Henry Hermanagle Karpinski from Warsaw, Poland and Mary Louise Engesser from Guebweiler, Alsace.	Louis Charles Karpinski	5 August 1878
date of birth	Helena Bulaja (pronounced (buˈlaja); born 6 December 1971) is a Croatian multimedia artist, film director, scriptwriter, designer and film producer.	Helena Bulaja	6 December 1971
date of birth	John Taliaferro (1768 -- August 12, 1852) was a nineteenth-century politician, lawyer and librarian from Virginia.	John Taliaferro	1768
date of birth	Carl Frederik Waage Beck (Born 1979 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Copenhagen-based community activist and artist working under the pseudonym Paintshooter.	Carl Frederik Waage Beck	1979
date of birth	Davitt Moroney (born 23 December 1950), is a British-born and educated musicologist, harpsichordist and organist.	Davitt Moroney	23 December 1950
date of birth	Nenad Adamović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Адамовић; born 12 January 1989) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Belarusian Premier League club Dinamo Minsk.	Nenad Adamović	12 January 1989
date of birth	Martin Crilly (born 1969) is a writer born in Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland.	Martin Crilly	1969
date of birth	Fernando Mastrangelo (born 13 October 1978) is a Brooklyn-based contemporary artist.	Fernando Mastrangelo	13 October 1978
date of birth	David Farmer (born 9 July 1955 in London) is a theatre director, playwright, drama consultant and yoga teacher.	David Farmer	9 July 1955
date of birth	Amore Bekker (born 11 February 1965) is a South African radio personality, author, MC and columnist.	Amore Bekker	11 February 1965
date of birth	Aileen de Graaf (born 25 April 1990) is a Dutch darts player currently ranked World No2 by the WDF playing in the British Darts Organisation.	Aileen de Graaf	25 April 1990
date of birth	Paula Byrne, Lady Bate, (born 1967), is a British author and biographer who wrote Perdita:	Paula Byrne	1967
date of birth	Renato Pozzetto (born 14 July 1940) is an Italian actor, director, stand-up comedian and singer.	Renato Pozzetto	14 July 1940
date of birth	Damian Hampson (born 27 March 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Damian Hampson	27 March 1970
date of birth	Aisea Taoka (born 1946) is a former Fijian civil servant and police officer, who served as the Commissioner of Prisons from 1996 to 2006, when he was dismissed by the military administration that seized power on 5 December that year.	Aisea Taoka	1946
date of birth	Tomasz Rząsa (Polish pronunciation: (ˈtɔmaʂ ˈʐɔ̃sa)) (born 11 March 1973) is a Polish former professional footballer.	Tomasz Rząsa	11 March 1973
date of birth	Marlies Dumbsky was born on 20 October 1985 in Volkach and comes from a Franconian vintner family that has been in the wine-growing business since 1837.	Marlies Dumbsky	20 October 1985
date of birth	Samantha Tross (born 30 June 1968) is a British consultant surgeon.	Samantha Tross	30 June 1968
date of birth	Mohammed Al-Assa (Arabic: محمد العيسى‎; born in 1971) is a well-known Saudi Arabian actor Began his artistic career in the late 1990s.	Mohammed Al-Assa	1971
date of birth	Bernard Sauer (1924 -- February 13, 1991) was an American stage actor, most prominently starring in Yiddish theater during the 1960s and 70s.	Bernard Sauer	1924
date of birth	L. Frank (born 1952) is the nom d'arte of L. Frank Manriquez, a Tongva-Acjachemen artist, writer, tribal scholar, cartoonist, and indigenous language activist.	L. Frank	1952
date of birth	Bernd Siebert (born 5 March 1964 in Berlin-Wilmersdorf) is a German mathematician who researches in algebraic geometry.	Bernd Siebert	5 March 1964
date of birth	Al-Mahdi Ahmad (1633 -- July 10, 1681) was an Imam of Yemen, who ruled in 1676--1681.	Al-Mahdi Ahmad	1633
date of birth	Jackson Mullane (born 30 January 1987) is an Australian film director, screenwriter and actor.	Jackson Mullane	30 January 1987
date of birth	Ralph Francis Scalera (June 28, 1930 -- January 27, 2011) was a former United States federal judge.	Ralph Francis Scalera	1930
date of birth	Marina Dimitrijevic (born 1981) is the executive director of the Wisconsin Working Families Party and the former chairwoman of the Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors.	Marina Dimitrijevic	1981
date of birth	Rufus May (born 1968) is a British clinical psychologist best known for using his own experiences of being a psychiatric patient to promote alternative recovery approaches for those experiencing psychotic symptoms.	Rufus May	1968
date of birth	Joost Gerardus Bernard Volmer (born 7 March 1974), simply known as Joost Volmer, is a retired Dutch footballer.	Joost Volmer	7 March 1974
date of birth	Savatije Milošević (Serbian Cyrillic: Саватије Милошевић; 1876--1905), known as Vojvoda Savatije, was a Serbian hajduk and Chetnik commander.	Savatije Milošević	1876
date of birth	K. Vijay Kumar (born 15 September 1952) is a former officer in the Indian Police Service and was the Chief of the Special Task Force that was behind the encounter with the notorious bandit Veerappan during Operation Cocoon of 2004.	K. Vijay Kumar	15 September 1952
date of birth	Amico Bignami (15 April 1862 -- 8 September 1929) was an Italian physician, pathologist, malariologist and sceptic.	Amico Bignami	15 April 1862
date of birth	Sid Barras (born 3 April 1948) is an English former professional road racing cyclist from Middlesbrough, Cleveland.	Sid Barras	3 April 1948
date of birth	Jean-Pascal Tricoire (born 11 May 1963) is the CEO and chairman of the multinational electricity company Schneider Electric.	Jean-Pascal Tricoire	11 May 1963
date of birth	David Tindle RA (born 29 April 1932) is a British painter who was made a Royal Academician in 1979.	David Tindle	29 April 1932
date of birth	Lillian Stewart Carl (born 1949) is an American author of mystery, fantasy and science-fiction novels.	Lillian Stewart Carl	1949
date of birth	Derek Clayton (born 17 November 1942) is a former Australian long-distance runner, born in Cumbria, England and raised in Northern Ireland.	Derek Clayton	17 November 1942
date of birth	Barak Fever Daniels (Holon, Israel; 27 August 1981) is a Mexican sport journalist who works for the multinational sport chain ESPN.	Barak Fever	27 August 1981
date of birth	Abiodun Oyewole (born Charles Davis, February 1948), is a poet, teacher and founding member of the American music and spoken-word group The Last Poets, which developed into what is considered to be the first hip hop group.	Abiodun Oyewole	February 1948
date of birth	Walter John Scholes (5 January 1950 -- 14 July 2003) was an Australian first-class cricketer and coach.	John Scholes	5 January 1950
date of birth	Bashir Maan CBE (born October 1926) is a Pakistani-Scottish politician, businessman, judge, community worker and writer.	Bashir Maan	October 1926
date of birth	Harry Stott (born 30 September 1995), from Henley-on-Thames, Oxfordshire, is a British stage and television actor.	Harry Stott	30 September 1995
date of birth	Philip Treacy OBE (born 26 May 1967) is an Irish milliner and designer based in London.	Philip Treacy	26 May 1967
date of birth	Soap&Skin is the experimental musical project of Austrian artist Anja Plaschg (born 5 April 1990).	Soap&Skin	5 April 1990
date of birth	William J. Lyons, Jr. (May 30, 1921 -- April 11, 2014) was an American businessman and politician.	William J. Lyons, Jr.	1921
date of birth	Peter McMullin (born 25 April 1952) was the Mayor of Geelong in 2006 and Deputy Lord Mayor of Melbourne between 1996 and 1999.	Peter McMullin	25 April 1952
date of birth	Ralph Caplan, born January 4, 1925, in Ambridge, Pennsylvania, is a design consultant, writer, and public speaker.	Ralph Caplan	1925
date of birth	Sir John Cavendish of Cavendish (c. 1346 -- 15 June 1381) was an English judge from Cavendish, Suffolk, England.	John Cavendish	1346
date of birth	Eddie Coker (born 1960, Midland, Texas) is a children's singer/songwriter from Dallas, Texas, now living in Manitou Springs, Colorado.	Eddie Coker	1960
date of birth	Bradley Joseph (born 1965) is an American composer, arranger, and producer of contemporary instrumental music.	Bradley Joseph	1965
date of birth	Jack Hui (Chinese: 許子岳; born 1988) is an alumnus from Queen's College in Hong Kong.	Jack Hui	1988
date of birth	Jeremy Gilbert-Rolfe (born 1945) is a British New Abstractionist painter, art critic, theorist, and educator.	Jeremy Gilbert-Rolfe	1945
date of birth	Eliodoro Matte Larraín (born 5 November 1945) is a Chilean billionaire businessman, president of the Chilean forestry and paper company CMPC, that he inherited from his father.	Eliodoro Matte	5 November 1945
date of birth	Helao Shityuwete (born 25 August 1934 in Evale, Angola) is a Namibian author and former politician and military commander.	Helao Shityuwete	1934
date of birth	Huang Wanli (simplified Chinese: 黄万里; traditional Chinese: 黃萬里; pinyin: Huáng Wànlǐ; 20 August 1911 − 27 August 2001) was a Chinese hydrologist.	Huang Wanli	20 August 1911
date of birth	Aviad Hacohen (1962 -) is an Israeli attorney and professor of law.	Aviad Hacohen	1962
date of birth	Petar Dobrović (Serbian pronunciation: (pêtar dǒːbrovit͡ɕ);14 January 1890 - 27 January 1942, Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Добровић, Hungarian: Dobrovits Péter) was a Serbian painter and politician born in Austro-Hungarian Empire (today Hungary).	Petar Dobrović	1890
date of birth	Mihael Brejc, also known as Miha Brejc (born 15 November 1947) is a Slovenian politician and former Member of the European Parliament.	Mihael Brejc	15 November 1947
date of birth	Belinda Schönberger (27 August 1991) is an Austrian figure skater.	Belinda Schönberger	27 August 1991
date of birth	Wu Sike (born May 1946) is a senior diplomat of the People's Republic of China.	Wu Sike	May 1946
date of birth	Dr. Theodor von Hippel (born 19 January 1890 in Toruń, date of death unknown) was the German army and intelligence officer responsible for the formation and training of the Brandenburgers commando unit.	Theodor von Hippel	19 January 1890
date of birth	Isabel Suckling (born 24 March 1998) is a British singer who upon signing a record deal with Decca Records became the youngest classical recording artist signed by Decca to date, and the first choirgirl to sign a record contract with a major music label.	Isabel Suckling	24 March 1998
date of birth	Jeannie Carson (born 23 May 1928) is a retired English-born comedienne and actress.	Jeannie Carson	23 May 1928
date of birth	Bruno Brookes (born Trevor Neil Brookes in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire 24 April 1959) is a British radio presenter who became prominent in the 1980s.	Bruno Brookes	24 April 1959
date of birth	Colonel Václav Robert Bozděch (15 July 1912 -- 27 February 1980) was a Czech fighter pilot of World War II. He was a British Royal Air Force (RAF) squadron gunner and commander of training centers.	Václav Robert Bozděch	15 July 1912
date of birth	Nick Leventis (born 31 January 1980) is a British racing driver and founder of Strakka Racing.	Nick Leventis	31 January 1980
date of birth	Dynamite MC (born Dominic Smith, 7 October 1973, Germany) is an MC from Gloucester, England.	Dynamite MC	7 October 1973
date of birth	Shahbano Bilgrami (born 1973) is a writer, editor, poet, and book/film reviewer.	Shahbano Bilgrami	1973
date of birth	Adonias Fonseca (born 1994) is a Brazilian player of Freestyle football.	Adonias Fonseca	1994
date of birth	Melvin Block (1928--June 10, 1985) was an American plaintiffs' trial lawyer from New York.	Melvin Block	1928
date of birth	Lindy Rodwell (born 13 February 1962 in Johannesburg) is a South African zoologist and conservationist who dedicated herself to ensuring viable wetland habitat and population sizes for the cranes of Africa south of the Sahara, namely the endangered blue crane and grey-crowned crane and the critically endangered wattled crane.	Lindy Rodwell	13 February 1962
date of birth	Darren Purchese (born 1975 in Guildford) is a British pastry chef, author and television personality living and working in Australia.	Darren Purchese	1975
date of birth	James Joseph Dresnok (born 1941) is an American defector to North Korea, one of six American soldiers to defect after the Korean War.	James Joseph Dresnok	1941
date of birth	Alana Boyd (born 10 May 1984) is an Australian Olympic pole vaulter.	Alana Boyd	10 May 1984
date of birth	Vahit Melih Halefoğlu (born 19 November 1919, Antakya) is a Turkish politician and former diplomat.	Vahit Melih Halefoğlu	19 November 1919
date of birth	Marina Oliver (born 1934), is a British writer of romance novels since 1974, she also wrote under the pseudonyms of Sally James, Donna Hunt, Bridget Thorn, Vesta Hathaway, Livvy West and Laura Hart.	Marina Oliver	1934
date of birth	Ed Askew (born 1940) is an American painter and singer-songwriter who first recorded in 1968 and now lives in New York City.	Ed Askew	1940
date of birth	Starkey Banton aka Starkey Super (born David Murray, 15 November 1962) is a British reggae deejay known for his ``cultural'' lyrics, active since the mid-1970s.	Starkey Banton	15 November 1962
date of birth	Steven Bishop (born 3 March 1970) is an Australian drummer, formerly of Australian band Powderfinger though he left the band before their rise to prominence because of illness.	Steven Bishop	3 March 1970
date of birth	Wyman Wong, born 21 May 1969, is one of the most important Cantopop lyricists in Hong Kong.	Wyman Wong	21 May 1969
date of birth	Ronald Frank Thiemann (1946 -- November 29, 2012) was an American theologian who was Benjamin Bussey Professor of Theology at Harvard Divinity School.	Ronald Frank Thiemann	1946
date of birth	Sergei Karimov (German:Sergej Karimow, Russian: Сергей Каримов) (born 21 December 1986 in Saran) is a Kazakh footballer who last played for Lupo Martini Wolfsburg.	Sergei Karimov	21 December 1986
date of birth	Ian Gerard (born in April, 1968 in New York City) was the co-founder of Gen Art. He served as the company's CEO (1997-2010).	Ian Gerard	1968
date of birth	Peter Chapple-Hyam (born 2 April 1963 in Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, England) is a Thoroughbred racehorse trainer.	Peter Chapple-Hyam	2 April 1963
date of birth	Billie Velisek (born 1982) is a Canadian ski mountaineer and member of the national selection.	Billie Velisek	1982
date of birth	Alan Gould (born 22 March 1949) is a contemporary Australian novelist, essayist and poet.	Alan Gould	22 March 1949
date of birth	Neil Smit (born 1959) is an American businessman and former U.S. Navy SEAL and is CEO of Comcast Cable Corporation, an American company providing cable, entertainment, and communications products and services.	Neil Smit	1959
date of birth	Geoff Heslop (born 3 June 1947 in Northumberland, England) is an English record producer and musician	Geoff Heslop	3 June 1947
date of birth	John Kickham (1847 -- January 2, 1917) was a farmer, blacksmith and political figure in Prince Edward Island.	John Kickham	1847
date of birth	Jules Moigniez (28 May 1835 -- 29 May 1894) was a French animalier sculptor who worked during the 19th century.	Jules Moigniez	28 May 1835
date of birth	Heinrich Birnbaum (1403 -- 19 February 1473), also known as De Piro (the Latinized form of his German name), was a pious and learned Carthusian German monk.	Heinrich Birnbaum	1403
date of birth	Patrick Matthews (born 29 November 1975) is the former bass guitarist of Australian garage rock band The Vines and the former bass guitarist of Youth Group.	Patrick Matthews	29 November 1975
date of birth	Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum (Arabic: حمدان بن راشد أل مكتوم‎, Hamdān bin Rāschid Āl Maktūm; born 25 December 1945) is the Deputy Ruler of Dubai and the Minister of Finance and Industry of the United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum	25 December 1945
date of birth	Humberto Guerra Allison (born 1940), is a physician and scientist.	Humberto Guerra Allison	1940
date of birth	Roger Thompson (born 19 December 1991) is a Jamaican born Canadian football player.	Roger Thompson	19 December 1991
date of birth	(Mary Ann) Elizabeth Stephansen (10 March 1872, Bergen - 23 February 1961) was a Norwegian mathematician.	Elizabeth Stephansen	10 March 1872
date of birth	Sedat Bayrak (born 10 April 1981) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a center back for Ankaragücü.	Sedat Bayrak	10 April 1981
date of birth	Leonard Dowell (born Edinburgh, 13 June 1902) was a Scottish professional association football player.	Leonard Dowell	13 June 1902
date of birth	Bjørn Benterud (22 January 1901 -- 21 March 1985) was a Norwegian businessperson and sports official.	Bjørn Benterud	22 January 1901
date of birth	Sani Ndanusa (born 5 May 1957) is a Nigerian civil servant who was appointed Minister of Youths, Sports and Social Development in December 2008.	Sani Ndanusa	5 May 1957
date of birth	Brooke Palsson (born 23 April 1993) is a Canadian actress and singer/songwriter.	Brooke Palsson	23 April 1993
date of birth	Vidas Blekaitis (born 14 April 1972) is a Lithuanian strongman.	Vidas Blekaitis	14 April 1972
date of birth	Sanita Pušpure (born 21 December 1981) is a Latvian and Irish professional rower.	Sanita Pušpure	21 December 1981
date of birth	Leigh Brown (born 23 February 1982) is a former Australian rules football player who played for Fremantle, North Melbourne and finally Collingwood in the Australian Football League.	Leigh Brown	23 February 1982
date of birth	Rt. Hon. Sir David Arnold Scott Cairns (5 March 1902 -- 8 September 1987), was a British judge and Liberal Party politician.	David Arnold Scott Cairns	5 March 1902
date of birth	Pammi Somal (born 3 October 1955) is a Bollywood journalist and a filmmaker.	Pammi Somal	3 October 1955
date of birth	Heiner Rindermann (born 1966) is a German psychologist and educational researcher.	Heiner Rindermann	1966
date of birth	Igor de Carvalho Julião (born 23 August 1994 in Rio de Janeiro), commonly known as Igor Julião, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Macaé on loan from Fluminense.	Igor Julião	23 August 1994
date of birth	Jaroslav Melichárek (born 22 December 1977) is rally driver from Slovakia.	Jaroslav Melichárek	22 December 1977
date of birth	Gerd Dudenhöffer (born 13 October 1949 in Bexbach) is a German cabaret artist and writer.	Gerd Dudenhöffer	1949
date of birth	Abdul Azim Islahi (born 1950) is a professor at the Islamic Economics Institute, Jeddah.	Abdul Azim Islahi	1950
date of birth	Holly Walsh (born 8 November 1980) is an English comedian and comedy writer, known mainly for her work on TV and radio in the UK.	Holly Walsh	8 November 1980
date of birth	Albert Vanbuel (born 5 December 1940) is a Belgian Salesian missionary and former bishop of Kaga-Bandoro in the Central African Republic.	Albert Vanbuel	5 December 1940
date of birth	Hồ Quang Minh (Hanoi, 1949) is a Vietnamese-born Swiss film director.	Hồ Quang Minh	1949
date of birth	Francisco Rodríguez Barrientos (born 1956) is a Costa Rican writer and sociologist.	Francisco Rodríguez Barrientos	1956
date of birth	Tom Cartmill (born in Ashton-Under-Lyne, 1965) is a contemporary English painter, currently living in Reading, UK.	Tom Cartmill	1965
date of birth	Fateh Muhammad Malik, (Urdu: فتح محمد ملک‎ ALA-LC: born 1936) is a Pakistani literary critic and scholar.	Fateh Muhammad Malik	1936
date of birth	George Frederick Charles Searle FRS (3 December 1864 -- 16 December 1954) was a British physicist and teacher.	George Frederick Charles Searle	3 December 1864
date of birth	Charles Halliley (5 December 1852 -- 23 March 1929) was an English first-class cricketer, who played three matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1872, against Lancashire, Nottinghamshire, and Surrey respectively.	Charles Halliley	5 December 1852
date of birth	Rajeev Bhatia (born 1962) is an urban planner, based in San Francisco, a partner in the consulting firm of Dyett & Bhatia, Urban and Regional Planners.	Rajeev Bhatia	1962
date of birth	Joseph Devine (b. 7 August 1937, Kirkintilloch) was the Roman Catholic Bishop of Motherwell in Scotland.	Joseph Devine	7 August 1937
date of birth	David Liddiment (born 20 September 1952) is Creative Director of the independent production company All3Media.	David Liddiment	20 September 1952
date of birth	Guglielmo Morisetti (18 March 1886, date of death unknown) was an Italian cyclist.	Guglielmo Morisetti	18 March 1886
date of birth	William Albert, 1st Prince of Montenuovo (8 August 1819 -- 7 April 1895) was an Italian prince and Field Marshal Lieutenant of the Austrian Empire.	William Albert, 1st Prince of Montenuovo	8 August 1819
date of birth	Armin Reutershahn (born 1 March 1960) is a German football coach and manager.	Armin Reutershahn	1 March 1960
date of birth	John Arkell (1835 -- 1923) was an English clergyman and a rower who won Silver Goblets at Henley Royal Regatta.	John Arkell	1835
date of birth	Thomas William Cowan (1840--1926) was a co-founder and president of the British Beekeepers' Association.	Thomas William Cowan	1840
date of birth	June Bevan (born 9 June 1931) is an Australian badminton player who has played on a national and international level.	June Bevan	9 June 1931
date of birth	William Larkin Stiles (September 1871 -- December 5, 1908), better known as Billy Stiles or William Larkin, was an American outlaw in the Old West who, with partner Burt Alvord, led a small gang of train robbers while serving as a deputy sheriff in Arizona Territory.	Billy Stiles	September 1871
date of birth	Frank Pope (born 13 May 1973) is the author of two books and presenter of two BBC television series.	Frank Pope	13 May 1973
date of birth	Reinhard Mecke (born 14 July 1895 in Stettin; died 30 December 1969) was a German physicist, who focused on chemical physics.	Reinhard Mecke	14 July 1895
date of birth	Yoram Marciano (Hebrew: יורם מרציאנו‎, born 31 October 1964) is an Israeli politician.	Yoram Marciano	31 October 1964
date of birth	Tasos Telloglou (Greek: Τάσος Τέλλογλου; born 1961) is a Greek investigative journalist.	Tasos Telloglou	1961
date of birth	Khader Adnan Mohammad Musa (Arabic: خضر عدنان محمد موسى; born on 24 March 1978) is a senior member of the Palestinian Islamist organization Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) and a prisoner in Israel.	Khader Adnan	24 March 1978
date of birth	Anders Blixt (born 1959) is a Swedish game designer and science journalist.	Anders Blixt	1959
date of birth	Victoria Haralabidou (Greek: Βικτώρια Χαραλαμπίδου, born 23 October 1971), is a Greek actress.	Victoria Haralabidou	23 October 1971
date of birth	Brendan Larkin (born 1943) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a centre-back for the Cork senior football team.	Brendan Larkin	1943
date of birth	Charles A. Coulombe (born 8 November 1960) is an American Catholic author and lecturer.	Charles A. Coulombe	8 November 1960
date of birth	Harry Reichenbach (1882--1931) was a US press agent and publicist who dreamed up sensational publicity stunts to promote films.	Harry Reichenbach	1882
date of birth	Shafiq Chitou (born 23 May 1985) is a Beninese boxer.	Shafiq Chitou	23 May 1985
date of birth	Colonel Robert Lilburne (1613--1665) was the older brother of John Lilburne, the well known Leveller.	Robert Lilburne	1613
date of birth	Aboubakar Camara (born Bingerville, 26 December 1965) is a former Ivorian rugby union footballer and a current coach.	Aboubakar Camara	26 December 1965
date of birth	Shabba Ranks (born Rexton Rawlston Fernando Gordon, 17 January 1966) is a Jamaican dancehall musician.	Shabba Ranks	17 January 1966
date of birth	Ronen Tzur (Hebrew: רונן צור‎, born 1969) is a former Member of Knesset.	Ronen Tzur	1969
date of birth	Liu Jianzhang (simplified Chinese: 刘建章; traditional Chinese: 劉建章; pinyin: Liú Jiànzhāng) (1910 -- February 14, 2008) was a politician of the People's Republic of China and a former Minister of Railways of China.	Liu Jianzhang	1910
date of birth	Edward Craig Morris (October 7, 1939 -- June 14, 2006) was an American archaeologist who was best known for his Inca expeditions and creating a modern understanding of the Inca civilization.	Edward Craig Morris	1939
date of birth	Michael Michai Kitbunchu (Thai: ไมเกิ้ล มีชัย กิจบุญชู; born 25 January 1929) is a Thai Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Michael Michai Kitbunchu	25 January 1929
date of birth	Ronan Sweeney (born on 15 September 1980) is a Gaelic footballer, who played inter-county football for Kildare and currently plays club football with Moorefield.	Ronan Sweeney	15 September 1980
date of birth	Anton Erhard Martinelli (1684 -- September 15, 1747) was an Austrian architect and master-builder of Italian descent.	Anton Erhard Martinelli	1684
date of birth	Chris Loudon (born 19 May 1985 in Glasgow) is a Scottish darts player currently playing for British Darts Organisation.	Chris Loudon	19 May 1985
date of birth	Foster Fyans (1790--1870), soldier, penal administrator and public servant, was acting commandant of the second convict settlement at Norfolk Island, the first police magistrate at Geelong, and commissioner of crown lands for the Portland Bay pastoral district in the Port Phillip District of New South Wales.	Foster Fyans	1790
date of birth	Humphrey Clucas (born 1941) is a British composer, singer and author.	Humphrey Clucas	1941
date of birth	Virachai Virameteekul (born 8 June 1967) is a Thai economist, university professor, and Democrat Party politician.	Virachai Virameteekul	8 June 1967
date of birth	Martin Ling (born 15 July 1966) is an English football manager and former player, who was last the manager of Swindon Town in League One.	Martin Ling	15 July 1966
date of birth	Marie-Guillaume Charles Le Roux (1814--1895) was a landscape painter of the Barbizon school.	Charles Le Roux	1814
date of birth	Paola María Elena Maltese Mongelos, known professionally as Paola Maltese (born 10 January 1984) is Paraguayan actress, presenter and entrepreneur.	Paola Maltese	10 January 1984
date of birth	Margaret of Provence (1221 -- 20 December 1295) was Queen of France as the wife of King Louis IX.	Margaret of Provence	1221
date of birth	Michael Salter (born 1967) is an American contemporary artist and educator.	Michael Salter	1967
date of birth	Vincent Zouaoui-Dandrieux (born 12 October 1980) is a French long-distance runner who specialises in the steeplechase.	Vincent Zouaoui-Dandrieux	12 October 1980
date of birth	Gustaf Peter Lundblad (26 August 1950 -- 22 December 2015) was a Swedish singer and songwriter, well known for his 1986 song Ta mig till havet.	Peter Lundblad	26 August 1950
date of birth	Michał Cała (born in 1948 in Toruń) is a Polish photographer.	Michał Cała	1948
date of birth	Betim Aliju (Macedonian: Бетим Алиу) (born 17 March 1989) is a Macedonian retired football player.	Betim Aliju	17 March 1989
date of birth	Tomáš Jablonský (born 21 June 1987) is a Czech football player who recently played for ŠK Slovan Bratislava.	Tomáš Jablonský	21 June 1987
date of birth	John H. Kunsky (1875--1952) was a Detroit area businessman who made his fortune by investing in movie theaters.	John H. Kunsky	1875
date of birth	Jonathan Walasiak (born 23 October 1982 in Mons) is a Belgian football player who has been in the national team.	Jonathan Walasiak	23 October 1982
date of birth	Valery Sigalevitch (Russian: Валерий Львович Сигалевич, Valerij Lvovič Sigalevič; born 1950) is a Russian classical concert pianist.	Valery Sigalevitch	1950
date of birth	Ashour Suleiman Shuwail (born 1954) is a retired Libyan security officer who served as the minister of interior in the cabinet that was formed after the first democratic elections in July 2012.	Ashour Suleiman Shuwail	1954
date of birth	Joseph Zohar (Hebrew: יוסף זוהר‎; born 18 April 1948) is the director of Psychiatry and the Anxiety and Obsessive Compulsive Clinic at the Sheba Medical Center in Tel HaShomer and professor of psychiatry at Tel Aviv University, Israel.	Joseph Zohar	18 April 1948
date of birth	Janet Godman (born 1966) is an English cricketer and former member of the England women's cricket team .	Janet Godman	1966
date of birth	Niels Lan Doky (born 3 October 1963) is a Danish jazz pianist, composer and producer.	Niels Lan Doky	3 October 1963
date of birth	William Herbert Laming, Baron Laming, CBE PC (born 19 July 1936) is a British social worker and member of the House of Lords.	Herbert Laming, Baron Laming	19 July 1936
date of birth	Kelly Macdonald (born 23 February 1976) is a Scottish actress, known for her roles in the films Trainspotting (1996), Gosford Park (2001), Intermission (2003), Nanny McPhee (2005), Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows --	Kelly Macdonald	23 February 1976
date of birth	Bert Fish (October 8, 1875 -- July 21, 1943) was an American judge, real-estate operator, finance director, philanthropist, and ambassador.	Bert Fish	1875
date of birth	Sire Ma born 31 July 1987 is a Chinese actress based in Hong Kong.	Sire Ma	31 July 1987
date of birth	Colonel (Res.) Adv. Daniel Reisner (born in Israel in 1963) is the former Head of the International Law Branch of the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Legal Division, and a partner with Herzog, Fox & Neeman.	Daniel Reisner	1963
date of birth	Sophia Magdalena Krag-Juel Vind, née von Gram (1734--1810), was a Danish Salon holder, landowner and noble.	Sophia Magdalena Krag-Juel Vind	1734
date of birth	David Moncoutié (born 30 April 1975) is a retired French professional road racing cyclist, who rode with the French team Cofidis, for his entire professional career.	David Moncoutié	30 April 1975
date of birth	Sharmila Nicollet (born 12 March 1991) is an Indo French professional golfer from Bangalore, India.	Sharmila Nicollet	12 March 1991
date of birth	Rafael Edri (Hebrew: רפאל אדרי‎, born 10 September 1937) is a former Israeli politician who served as Minister of the Environment and Minister without Portfolio between 1988 and 1990.	Rafael Edri	10 September 1937
date of birth	Arturo Paoletti (born 10 August 1918, date of death unknown) was an Italian boxer.	Arturo Paoletti	10 August 1918
date of birth	Gaurishankar Udayshankar, Gaurishankar, or Gaga Oza (21 August 1805 - December 1892) was chief minister of Bhavnagar state in Kathiawar, India from 1850 to 1879.	Gaurishankar Udayshankar	21 August 1805
date of birth	Meredith Miller (born 26 December 1973) is a Cyclo cross and road cyclist from United States.	Meredith Miller	26 December 1973
date of birth	Malcolm Rose (born 1953) is a British young-adult author.	Malcolm Rose	1953
date of birth	Gruffudd ap Cynan (c. 1055 -- 1137), sometimes written as Gruffydd ap Cynan, was King of Gwynedd from 1081 until his death in 1137.	Gruffudd ap Cynan	1055
date of birth	Mia Hansen-Løve (born 5 February 1981) is a French film director, screenwriter and former actress.	Mia Hansen-Løve	5 February 1981
date of birth	Sidney S. Liufau (born 22 November 1963) is an American actor best known for role of Lt. Manuele Atoa in the Star Trek:	Sidney S. Liufau	22 November 1963
date of birth	Lady Frances Manners (24 March 1753 -- 15 October 1792), Countess of Tyrconnel.	Frances Manners	24 March 1753
date of birth	Shubha Phutela (5 May 1991 -- 22 October 2012) was an Indian film actress and model.	Shubha Phutela	5 May 1991
date of birth	Romário de Souza Faria (born 29 January 1966), known simply as Romário (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʁoˈmaɾiu)), is a former Brazilian footballer, manager and politician.	Romário	29 January 1966
date of birth	Neville Graeme Marchant (born 1939) is a retired Western Australian botanist.	Neville Graeme Marchant	1939
date of birth	Alex Broun (born 16 March 1965) is an Australian playwright, who has worked extensively with Short+Sweet, a series of theatre festivals for productions of ten minutes or less.	Alex Broun	16 March 1965
date of birth	Katerina Smutna (born 13 June 1983 as Kateřina Smutná) is a former Czech national ski team member and currently an Austrian cross country skier.	Katerina Smutna	13 June 1983
date of birth	Ed Mayo (born 14 April 1964), is Secretary General of Co-operatives UK, the UK trade association for co-operatives.	Ed Mayo	14 April 1964
date of birth	Ronald Verch (born 10 February 1986) is a German sprint canoeist who has been competing since the late 2000s.	Ronald Verch	10 February 1986
date of birth	Laura Spragg (born 16 June 1982 in Yorkshire, England) is an English cricket player.	Laura Spragg	16 June 1982
date of birth	André Souste (bap. 4 April 1692 -- 12 February 1776) was a businessman and royal notary in Canada.	André Souste	4 April 1692
date of birth	Wang Maoshe (simplified Chinese: 王茂设; traditional Chinese: 王茂設; pinyin: Wāng Màoshè; born August 1957) is a former Chinese politician who served as the Communist Party Secretary of Yuncheng, a city in Shanxi province, between 2013 and 2014, and prior to that, party chief of Shuozhou.	Wang Maoshe	August 1957
date of birth	Eulabee Dix (1878 -- June 14, 1961) was an American artist, who favoured the medium of watercolours on ivory to paint portrait miniatures.	Eulabee Dix	1878
date of birth	Lieutenant General Mohammed Ahmed Mustafa al-Dabi (Arabic: محمد أحمد مصطفى الدابي‎; born February 1948) is a Sudanese military commander and intelligence officer who served as head of the Arab League observer mission in Syria from December 2011 to February 2012.	Mohammed Ahmed Mustafa al-Dabi	February 1948
date of birth	Gemechu Woyecha (born 3 February 1979) is an Australian long-distance runner who specializes in the marathon.	Gemechu Woyecha	3 February 1979
date of birth	Johnnie Schofield (1899--1955) was a British actor.	Johnnie Schofield	1899
date of birth	Kristian Haynes (Swedish pronunciation: (haɪns)) (born 20 December 1980) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Trelleborg in the Swedish third tier, Division 1.	Kristian Haynes	20 December 1980
date of birth	Jocian Bento dos Anjos, commonly known as Jocian, (born 27 August 1979) is an Brazillian football midfielder who plays for Operário.	Jocian Bento dos Anjos	27 August 1979
date of birth	Klaus Voormann (born 29 April 1938) is a German artist, musician, and record producer.	Klaus Voormann	29 April 1938
date of birth	Toussaint McCall (born 1934, Monroe, Louisiana) is an American R&B singer and organist.	Toussaint McCall	1934
date of birth	Juan Nepomuceno Rencoret (1856-?) was a Chilean doctor.	Juan Nepomuceno Rencoret	1856
date of birth	Abdelilah Saber (Arabic: عبد الإله صابر‎; born 21 April 1974) is a Moroccan retired footballer who played as a right back.	Abdelilah Saber	21 April 1974
date of birth	Paulette Randall MBE (born 1961 in London, England) is a British theatre director of Jamaican descent.	Paulette Randall	1961
date of birth	Justin Hill (born 1971) is an English novelist	Justin Hill	1971
date of birth	Chris Standring (born 1960 in Buckinghamshire, England) is a British-born soul jazz guitarist known for his heavy use of 1970s-style musical nuances.	Chris Standring	1960
date of birth	Duncan Evans (born 28 November 1959) in St Asaph, Denbighshire, Wales was a Welsh amateur golfer who won The Amateur Championship at the Royal Porthcawl Golf Club in 1980.	Duncan Evans	28 November 1959
date of birth	Piet Sielck (born 14 November 1964) is a power metal guitarist, vocalist and producer.	Piet Sielck	14 November 1964
date of birth	Anil Bordia was born on 5 May 1934 in the Indian city of Indore, in Madhya Pradesh.	Anil Bordia	1934
date of birth	Martin S. Fox (Born 1924 in Newark, New Jersey) is an American Publisher who served as President of the Jewish Telegraphic Agency an international the oldest and largest news agency and wire service serving Jewish community newspapers and media around the world.	Martin S. Fox	1924
date of birth	J. D. Frazer (born 1969), pen name Illiad, is the artist and writer of the webcomic User Friendly.	J. D. Frazer	1969
date of birth	Yreina Cervantez (born 1952) is an American artist and Chicana activist who is known for her multimedia painting, murals, and printmaking.	Yreina Cervantez	1952
date of birth	Brian Olsen (born 1975) is an American former MMA fighter who fought mainly in World Extreme Cagefighting.	Brian Olsen	1975
date of birth	Teodoro Plata (1866 -- February 6, 1897) was a Filipino patriot, and a co-founder of the Katipunan, the secret society which sparked the Philippine Revolution against Spanish rule in 1896.	Teodoro Plata	1866
date of birth	Abu Ubaidah al-Banshiri (Arabic: أبو عبيدة البنشير‎; May 1950 -- May 23, 1996) was the nom de guerre of Ali Amin al-Rashidi (علي أمين الرشيدي), one of the ``most capable and popular leaders'' of al-Qaeda.	Abu Ubaidah al-Banshiri	May 1950
date of birth	Barbara Stcherbatcheff (born 1981 in Chicago, Illinois, USA) is a best-selling author, journalist and a frequent economic commentator.	Barbara Stcherbatcheff	1981
date of birth	Princess Maria Laura of Belgium, Archduchess of Austria-Este (Maria Laura Zita Beatrix Gerhard, born 26 August 1988) is the second child and oldest daughter of Lorenz, Archduke of Austria-Este and Princess Astrid of Belgium.	Princess Maria Laura of Belgium, Archduchess of Austria-Este	26 August 1988
date of birth	Alfredo Intriago (born 4 December 1970) is an Ecuadorian international referee who refereed at the 2010 and 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.	Alfredo Intriago	4 December 1970
date of birth	Marcel Lobelle (c. 1893 - 1967) was a Belgian aeronautical engineer who spent his professional career working in Britain.	Marcel Lobelle	1893
date of birth	Joanna MacGregor OBE (born 16 July 1959) is a British concert pianist, conductor, composer and festival curator.	Joanna MacGregor	16 July 1959
date of birth	Robert Trewhella (1830--?) was a Cornish engineer.	Robert Trewhella	1830
date of birth	Ayoze Díaz Díaz (born 25 May 1982), known simply as Ayoze, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a left back.	Ayoze Díaz Díaz	25 May 1982
date of birth	Catherine Feeny (born 1976) is an American singer/songwriter based in Portland, Oregon.	Catherine Feeny	1976
date of birth	Olga Kalyuzhnaya (Ольга Калюжная; born 19 December 1982) is a Russian tennis player.	Olga Kalyuzhnaya	19 December 1982
date of birth	Jonathan Woodhouse (born 1987) is a British actor, director and producer.	Jonathan Woodhouse	1987
date of birth	Ravinder Senghera (born 25 January 1947 in Kamla Nagar, Delhi) is an Indian-born former English cricketer who played a number of times for Worcestershire in the mid-1970s; he also had one game for DH Robins' XI in 1974.	Ravinder Senghera	25 January 1947
date of birth	Milena Nikolova (Bulgarian: Милена Николова; born 31 October 1984 in Sliven) is a Bulgarian writer.	Milena Nikolova	31 October 1984
date of birth	Florence Newton (fl. 1661) was an alleged Irish witch, known as the ``Witch of Youghal''.	Florence Newton	1661
date of birth	Louis Gordon (born 1965) is an English musician notable for his collaboration with John Foxx.	Louis Gordon	1965
date of birth	Anita Kanwal (born 9 April 1954) is an Indian television actress and producer who has acted in television serials such as Chanakya, Shanti and Sonpari.	Anita Kanwal	9 April 1954
date of birth	Isa Sadriu (Serbo-Croatian: Isa Sadriju/Иса Садрију, born 27 December 1963) is a former Kosovo Albanian football player.	Isa Sadriu	27 December 1963
date of birth	Jean-Éric Vergne (born 25 April 1990) is a French racing driver who competes in Formula E for DS Virgin Racing.	Jean-Éric Vergne	25 April 1990
date of birth	Ksenia Solo (born 8 October 1987) is a Latvian-Canadian actress, best known for portraying Kenzi on Lost Girl.	Ksenia Solo	8 October 1987
date of birth	Maria Handley (born 4 October 1977) is a member-at-large of the Democratic National Committee from Colorado.	Maria Handley	4 October 1977
date of birth	Zhang Pinghua (April 1908 -- July 23, 2001 Chinese: 張平化), born to a Hakka family in Yanling County, Hunan, China, was a Chinese politician.	Zhang Pinghua	April 1908
date of birth	Fritz Baffour (born 11 March 1952) is a Ghanaian journalist, politician and communications consultant.	Fritz Baffour	11 March 1952
date of birth	Ian Hobson (born 7 August 1952) is an English pianist, conductor and teacher, and is a professor at Florida State University.	Ian Hobson	7 August 1952
date of birth	Dennis Corrigan (born 1944) is an American illustrator known for his surreal drawings.	Dennis Corrigan	1944
date of birth	Alen Markaryan, (born 27 May 1966, İstanbul) is a Turkish supporters leader (Turkish: Amigo) and sport columnist of Armenian descent.	Alen Markaryan	27 May 1966
date of birth	Eliahu Gat (Hebrew: אליהו גת‎; born 1919, died 1987) was an Israeli landscape painter.	Eliahu Gat	1919
date of birth	Panniyampilly Krishnankuty Warrier (born 5 June 1921), popularly known as P. K. Warrier, is an Indian Ayurvedic physician.	P. K. Warrier	5 June 1921
date of birth	Gianni Mazza (born 5 October 1944) is an Italian composer, conductor, arranger, singer and television personality.	Gianni Mazza	5 October 1944
date of birth	Gordon Ferry (born 22 December 1943) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Arsenal and Leyton Orient.	Gordon Ferry	22 December 1943
date of birth	Merle Nicholds (born c. 1951) served as the final mayor of Kanata, Ontario from 1991 to 2000.	Merle Nicholds	1951
date of birth	Kurt Hilscher (1904--1980) was a German commercial illustrator.	Kurt Hilscher	1904
date of birth	Zulfiqar Ahmad (born 28 February 1979) is a PhD scholar (Islamic Studies) at Minhaj University in Lahore, Pakistan.	Zulfiqar Ahmad	28 February 1979
date of birth	Shontelle Layne (born 4 October 1985), known professionally as Shontelle, is a Barbadian singer-songwriter.	Shontelle	4 October 1985
date of birth	Sir Thomas Tassell Grant KCB FRS (1795-15 October 1859) was a notable inventor in the 19th century.	Thomas Tassell Grant	1795
date of birth	Sir Polydore de Keyser (13 December 1832 -- 14 January 1898), was a lawyer and the first Roman Catholic since the Reformation to be elected Lord Mayor of London (October 1887 - November 1888).	Polydore de Keyser	13 December 1832
date of birth	Mika Poutala (born 20 June 1983) is a Finnish speed skater who held a Finnish record in the sport.	Mika Poutala	20 June 1983
date of birth	Siegmund Salfeld (24 March 1843 -- May 1926) was a German rabbi and writer.	Siegmund Salfeld	24 March 1843
date of birth	Will Merrick (born 9 April 1993) is an English screen and stage actor.	Will Merrick	9 April 1993
date of birth	Nevena Tsoneva (Bulgarian: Невена Цонева) (born 17 August 1986 in Sevlievo) is a Bulgarian singer who won the first season of the Bulgarian television series Music Idol in 2007.	Nevena Tsoneva	17 August 1986
date of birth	Avraham Abba Leifer (1918 -- 7 January 1990) was the second Rebbe of the Pittsburg Hasidic dynasty and the instigator for the relocation of the Hasidut from its original location in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to the Israeli coastal city of Ashdod.	Avraham Abba Leifer	1918
date of birth	Khải Định (Chữ Nôm: 啟定) (born Nguyễn Phúc Bửu Đảo; 8 October 1885 -- 6 November 1925) was the 12th Emperor of the Nguyễn Dynasty in Vietnam, reigning from 1916 to 1925.	Khải Định	8 October 1885
date of birth	Scottie Wilson (6 June 1888 -- 1972), born Louis Freeman, was a Scottish outsider artist known particularly for his highly detailed style.	Scottie Wilson	6 June 1888
date of birth	Sunny Seki (born 1947) is a Japanese American professional author and photographer based in Los Angeles, California.	Sunny Seki	1947
date of birth	Aleksandra Slađana Milošević Hagadone (Serbian Cyrillic: Александра Слађана Милошевић; born 1956, in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia), better known as Slađana Milošević, pronounced (slǎdʑana milǒːʃeʋitɕ), is a Serbian singer-songwriter, composer, record producer, and writer.	Slađana Milošević	1956
date of birth	Johannes Ronge (16 October 1813 -- 26 October 1887) was the principal founder of the New Catholics.	Johannes Ronge	16 October 1813
date of birth	Natalya Asanova (Наталья Асанова; born 29 November 1989 in Andijan Region) is a Uzbekistani athlete specialising in the 400 metres hurdles.	Natalya Asanova	29 November 1989
date of birth	Margit Bernhardt (born 1897) was a German figure skater.	Margit Bernhardt	1897
date of birth	Xiao Qing (蕭頃) (862-June 19, 930?), courtesy name Zicheng (子澄), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and its successor states Later Liang and Later Tang of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period, serving as a chancellor during Later Liang.	Xiao Qing	862
date of birth	Howard Trevor Tunnicliffe (born 4 March 1950) is a former cricketer who played for Nottinghamshire between 1971 and 1980.	Trevor Tunnicliffe	4 March 1950
date of birth	Cosimo Caliandro (11 March 1982 -- 10 June 2011) was an Italian middle distance runner.	Cosimo Caliandro	11 March 1982
date of birth	Orsat Miljenić (born 15 September 1968) is a Croatian lawyer, diplomat and politician, who served as Croatia's Minister of Justice.	Orsat Miljenić	15 September 1968
date of birth	Josef Petersen (16 September 1881 -- 22 November 1973) was Danish author, known for many novels with historical, often Antique or Medieval motifs written from 1910 to 1949.	Josef Petersen	16 September 1881
date of birth	Timothy Light (born 1938) is an American sinologist who took a Chinese name ``黎天睦'' (Pinyin: Lí Tíanmù).	Timothy Light	1938
date of birth	Moshe Greenwald (1853--1910), also spelled Grunwald, was the Rav of Chust, Hungary and progenitor of the Puppa Hasidic dynasty through his five sons.	Moshe Greenwald	1853
date of birth	Guy Lacombe (born 12 June 1955) is a French former professional football (soccer) player and manager.	Guy Lacombe	12 June 1955
date of birth	Laurie Yates (29 June 1922 -- 24 April 1990) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Laurie Yates	29 June 1922
date of birth	Tomasz Skweres (born 3 April 1984 in Warsaw) is a Polish composer, who lives and works in Vienna.	Tomasz Skweres	1984
date of birth	Michelle Rzepecki (born 6 November 1986) is an Australian goalball player classified as a B3 competitor.	Michelle Rzepecki	6 November 1986
date of birth	Helge Rønning (born 1 September 1943) is a Norwegian literary researcher.	Helge Rønning	1 September 1943
date of birth	Atsede Baysa Tesema, also known as Atsede Bayisa, (born 16 April 1987) is an Ethiopian long distance runner who specialises in road running events.	Atsede Baysa	16 April 1987
date of birth	Vladimir Milić (Serbian: Владимир Милић; born 23 October 1955) is a retired Serbian shot putter who represented SFR Yugoslavia.	Vladimir Milić	23 October 1955
date of birth	Agni Pratistha Arkadewi Kuswardono (born 8 December 1988) is an actress and beauty queen who has competed in the Miss Universe pageant.	Agni Pratistha	8 December 1988
date of birth	Robert Groenewegen (born 4 August 1960) is a former Australian rules footballer who played 79 matches for the Footscray Football Club between 1978 and 1986, kicking a total of 29 goals in his Victorian Football League (VFL) career.	Robert Groenewegen	4 August 1960
date of birth	Laura Torrisi (7 December 1979) is an Italian actress.	Laura Torrisi	7 December 1979
date of birth	Dimitri Konyshev (Russian Дмитрий Борисович Конышев; born 18 February 1966 in Gorky) is a Russian former road bicycle racer.	Dimitri Konyshev	18 February 1966
date of birth	Daloni Metcalfe is a Welsh television and radio presenter (born 9 February 1968), currently presenting the Ffermio and Fferm Ffactor series on S4C.	Daloni Metcalfe	9 February 1968
date of birth	Rosemary Squires (b. Joan Rosemary Yarrow, 7 December 1928, Bristol, England) is an international jazz, big band, cabaret and concert singer and recording artist.	Rosemary Squires	7 December 1928
date of birth	Marina Damlaimcourt Uceda (born 15 October 1979 in Madrid) is a Spanish professional triathlete, National Triathlon Champion of the year 2008, three times National Aquathlon Champion (2004, 2005, 2010), and member of the National Team.	Marina Damlaimcourt	15 October 1979
date of birth	Eva Mae Fleming Scott (born May 6, 1926) is a pharmacist and politician from Virginia.	Eva Mae Fleming Scott	1926
date of birth	Jon Rafman (b. 1981) is an artist, filmmaker, and essayist.	Jon Rafman	1981
date of birth	Ding Yiping (Chinese: 丁一平; born February 1951) is a retired vice-admiral (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) of China.	Ding Yiping	February 1951
date of birth	Benjamin Travers, FRS (3 April 1783 -- 6 March 1858) was a British surgeon.	Benjamin Travers	3 April 1783
date of birth	Steve Crenshaw (born Steven Michael Hidalgo, 5 December 1971) is an American blues guitarist.	Steve Crenshaw	5 December 1971
date of birth	Joe Chalmers (born 3 January 1994) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a left back for Scottish Premiership club Motherwell.	Joe Chalmers	3 January 1994
date of birth	Zhang Hengyun (born 25 October 1974) is a former Chinese sprinter who mainly competed over 400 metres.	Zhang Hengyun	25 October 1974
date of birth	Charles Frederick Palmer (9 September 1869 -- 25 October 1920) was a British journalist and newspaper editor, closely associated at the end of his career with the politician and business fraudster Horatio Bottomley.	Charles Frederick Palmer	9 September 1869
date of birth	Craig Sholl (born 30 December 1967) is a former Australian Rules footballer who played for the North Melbourne Kangaroos during the 1990s.	Craig Sholl	30 December 1967
date of birth	Henning Sommerro (born 3 May 1952 in Surnadal) is a Norwegian musician, composer and music teacher.	Henning Sommerro	3 May 1952
date of birth	Samuel Rubel (1881-1949) was an American millionaire immigrant from Russia.	Samuel Rubel	1881
date of birth	Vice-Admiral (retired) Husaini Abdullahi (born 3 March 1939) was the Military Governor of Bendel State, Nigeria from March 1976 to July 1978 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo.	Husaini Abdullahi	3 March 1939
date of birth	Max Clendinning (born 1924 in County Armagh, Northern Ireland) is an architect and interior designer.	Max Clendinning	1924
date of birth	José Fernando da Silva Gonçalves (born 21 April 1975), commonly known as Zé Nando, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a left back.	Zé Nando	21 April 1975
date of birth	Christos Maladenis (born 23 May 1974) is a former Greek footballer.	Christos Maladenis	23 May 1974
date of birth	Yan Lik Kin (Chinese: 甄力健; Jyutping: jan1 lik6 gin6, born 13 July 1961) is a Hong Kong football coach.	Yan Lik Kin	13 July 1961
date of birth	Khaled Hussain Butt (born 7 August 1976) is a Pakistani-born cricketer who has played two One Day Internationals for Hong Kong.	Hussain Butt	7 August 1976
date of birth	Hazlina Abdul Halim (born on the 17 February 1985) is a Singaporean television presenter, journalist, news reader and radio announcer.	Hazlina Abdul Halim	17 February 1985
date of birth	Sverre Rødahl (born in Oslo 7 July 1950) is a Norwegian stage producer and theatre director.	Sverre Rødahl	7 July 1950
date of birth	Henry Naylor (born 19 January 1966) is a British comedy writer, director and performer, best known for his award-winning writing and for working with comedy partner Andy Parsons in Parsons and Naylor's Pull-Out Sections.	Henry Naylor	19 January 1966
date of birth	Arthur Sachs (1953 - 2007) was a Swedish-Spanish neo-impressionist painter.	Arthur Sachs	1953
date of birth	David Sherwin (born 1942) is a British screenwriter best known for his collaborations with director Lindsay Anderson and actor Malcolm McDowell on the films if....	David Sherwin	1942
date of birth	Ian McFadyen (born 8 July 1948) is an Australian writer, actor, and director.	Ian McFadyen	8 July 1948
date of birth	Sir Ronald Urwick Cooke, FRGS (born 1 September 1941) is a Professor of geography and geomorphology who was Vice-Chancellor of the University of York from 1993 to 2002.	Ronald Urwick Cooke	1 September 1941
date of birth	Wanderson Gustavo da Silva, known as Wanderson Cafu or just Cafu (born 18 March 1986) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Campinense.	Wanderson Cafu	18 March 1986
date of birth	Francisco Ernani Lima da Silva, better known as Mirandinha (born 2 July 1959 in Brasilia), is a former professional Brazilian footballer.	Mirandinha	2 July 1959
date of birth	Omer Vered (Hebrew: עומר ורד‎; born 25 January 1990) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Maccabi Netanya.	Omer Vered	25 January 1990
date of birth	Nicholas Barnewall, 1st Viscount Barnewall (1592 -- 20 August 1663), was an Irish landowner and politician.	Nicholas Barnewall, 1st Viscount Barnewall	1592
date of birth	Phil Sigsworth (born 31 January 1959 in Newtown, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer.	Phil Sigsworth	31 January 1959
date of birth	Vhrsti (born 1 August 1975 in Rokycany, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech illustrator, writer, children's book author, comics artist and scenarist, member of the unofficial new wave of Czech and Slovak comics Generation Zero and the Czech Cartoonists' Union.	Vhrsti	1 August 1975
date of birth	Hans Ris was born in Bern, Switzerland on 15 June 1914, where he also grew up.	Hans Ris	15 June 1914
date of birth	P. Michael Conneally, Ph.D., (born 1931) is Distinguished Professor Emeritus at the Indiana University School of Medicine in the Department of Medical and Molecular Genetics.	P. Michael Conneally	1931
date of birth	Takis Loukanidis (Greek: Τάκης Λουκανίδης, born 25 September 1937) is a retired Greek footballer.	Takis Loukanidis	25 September 1937
date of birth	Marina Charlotte Kalla, (born 22 July 1987) is a Swedish cross-country skier who has been competing at international level since the 2003-2004 season.	Charlotte Kalla	22 July 1987
date of birth	Husein Huseinov (born on 22 September 1951 in Ashgabat) is a Turkmen painter and art director in films.	Husein Huseinov	22 September 1951
date of birth	Nazzareno Belfasti (born 15 July 1993) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for FeralpiSalò, on loan from Juventus F.C..	Nazzareno Belfasti	15 July 1993
date of birth	Pak Chol (Chosŏn'gŭl: 박철; born 8 November 1990) is a North Korean long-distance runner.	Pak Chol	8 November 1990
date of birth	Fereydoun Moeini (born 23 August 1946) is a retired Iranian football striker who has played all of his careers at Persepolis.	Fereydoun Moeini	23 August 1946
date of birth	Philippe Chevrier (born 17 December 1960 in Geneva) is a Swiss chef.	Philippe Chevrier	17 December 1960
date of birth	Amadou Jawo (born 29 September 1984) is a Swedish-Gambian footballer who plays for Djurgårdens IF as a striker.	Amadou Jawo	29 September 1984
date of birth	Archibald Kennedy, 4th Marquess of Ailsa DL, JP, FSRGS (22 May 1872 -- 27 February 1943), styled Earl of Cassilis until 1938, was a Scottish peer, barrister and soldier.	Archibald Kennedy, 4th Marquess of Ailsa	22 May 1872
date of birth	Augusto Farfus Jr. (born 3 September 1983) is a Brazilian BMW factory driver.	Augusto Farfus	3 September 1983
date of birth	Sarah Cracknell (born 12 April 1967; Chelmsford, Essex) is an English singer-songwriter, best known as the lead singer of the electronic music band Saint Etienne.	Sarah Cracknell	12 April 1967
date of birth	Hans Maria Kneihs (born 1943) is a leading performer and teacher of the recorder.	Hans Maria Kneihs	1943
date of birth	Kadijatu Kebbay (born in 1986 in Freetown) is a Sierra Leonean model and beauty queen who won Miss University Sierra Leone 2006 beauty contest and later represented Sierra Leone at the Miss World 2006.	Kadijatu Kebbay	1986
date of birth	Wen Yongyi (born 3 January 1987 in Liuzhou, Guangxi) is a Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres.	Wen Yongyi	3 January 1987
date of birth	Pierre Vimont (born 15 June 1949) was the Executive Secretary-General of the European External Action Service (EEAS).	Pierre Vimont	15 June 1949
date of birth	Shaul Mishal was born on 1945 in Baghdad, Iraq and made aliyah with his family in 1951 and for next 8 years they lived in ma'abara Talpiot.	Shaul Mishal	1945
date of birth	Dr. John Kassay (1919 in Bayonne, NJ -- February 17, 2004, in San Bruno, CA) was an expert in Shaker and Windsor furniture as well as a skilled craftsman, draftsman and photographer.	John Kassay	1919
date of birth	Anwar Saifullah Khan (Urdu: أنور سيف الله خان‎; born 7 June, 1946) is a Pakistani politician and industrialist.	Anwar Saifullah Khan	7 June, 1946
date of birth	Erik Hulzebosch (born 17 June 1970) is a Dutch marathon speed skater, inline speed skater and part-time singer and blogger at his own website.	Erik Hulzebosch	17 June 1970
date of birth	Richard Liversidge, naturalist, ornithologist and museum director, was born on 17 September 1926 in Blantyre, Nyasaland (now Malawi), and died on 15 September 2003 in Kimberley, South Africa.	Richard Liversidge	17 September 1926
date of birth	Esther Lanser (born 6 January 1984) is a former Dutch international cricketer who played for the Dutch national side between 2010 and 2011.	Esther Lanser	6 January 1984
date of birth	Josip Jurendić (born 26 April 1987) is a Croatian football striker, currently playing for FK Dukla Prague.	Josip Jurendić	26 April 1987
date of birth	Colonel Joel Stone (1749-1833) was a United Empire Loyalist and the founder of Gananoque, Ontario.	Joel Stone	1749
date of birth	Sven Nyhus (born 21 May 1932) is a Norwegian folk musician, fiddler, composer and musicologist.	Sven Nyhus	21 May 1932
date of birth	John Aloysius Green was born in the parish of Moore, County Roscommon, Ireland, 10 December 1844.	John Aloysius Green	10 December 1844
date of birth	Sgt Win Cho (born 10 August 1974) is a Burmese football referee.	Win Cho	10 August 1974
date of birth	Albert Drach (17 December 1902 -- 27 March 1995) was an Austrian-Jewish writer and lawyer.	Albert Drach	17 December 1902
date of birth	Abraham Kirimi (Hebrew: אברהם קירימי?; 1358, Solhat -- 15th century) was a Crimean rabbi of the 14th century.	Abraham Kirimi	1358
date of birth	Thomas Elmham (1364 -- in or after 1427) was an English chronicler.	Thomas Elmham	1364
date of birth	Ardian Bujupi (born 27 April 1991) is a Kosovar Albanian singer-songwriter.	Ardian Bujupi	27 April 1991
date of birth	Jeannine Achón (born 1973) is a Cuban abstract painter.	Jeannine Achón	1973
date of birth	Karl Barry Sharpless (born 28 April 1941) is an American chemist known for his work on stereoselective reactions.	Karl Barry Sharpless	28 April 1941
date of birth	Pedro Rómoli (born 16 July 1971) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as Goalkeeper, residing currently in Maracena.	Pedro Rómoli	16 July 1971
date of birth	Obed Mutanya (born 10 August 1981 in Chingola) is a Zambian long-distance and cross country runner.	Obed Mutanya	10 August 1981
date of birth	Victor Delhez (1902--1985), best known for his engravings, was born in Antwerp, Belgium, and died in Argentina.	Victor Delhez	1902
date of birth	Bojan Hodak (born 4 May 1971), is a former Croatian professional footballer and coach, who most recently managed Johor Darul Takzim in Malaysia Super League.	Bojan Hodak	4 May 1971
date of birth	Władysław Skierkowski (1886--1941) was a Polish priest born in the peasant village of Głużek on 12 March 1886.	Władysław Skierkowski	12 March 1886
date of birth	Sir William Murray McPherson, KBE (17 September 1865 -- 26 July 1932) was an Australian philanthropist and politician.	William Murray McPherson	17 September 1865
date of birth	Marco Aurélio dos Santos (born 7 October 1974), commonly known as Marquinho, is a former Brazilian futsal player who plays as a Pivot during his career.	Marco Aurélio dos Santos	7 October 1974
date of birth	Alfred Spinks FRS (25 February 1917-- 11 February 1982), was a British chemist and biologist who acted as president of the Chemical Society from 1979-1980.	Alfred Spinks	25 February 1917
date of birth	Sister Maria Consolata Betrone (6 April 1903 -- 18 July 1946), baptised as Pierina Maria Betrone was a Catholic mystic and nun of the Franciscan Capuchine Order.	Consolata Betrone	6 April 1903
date of birth	Zhang Chiming (simplified Chinese: 张池明; traditional Chinese: 張池明; pinyin: Zhāng Chímíng; born 7 January 1989) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League.	Zhang Chiming	7 January 1989
date of birth	Lincoln Clarkes (born 1957, in Toronto) is an award-winning photographer (National Magazine Awards, silver; Western Magazine Awards, gold ), who has published three books, Heroines (2002), Views (2005) and Cyclists (2013) and has been the subject of two documentary films.	Lincoln Clarkes	1957
date of birth	Sheikh Hassan Yousef (born in 1955, Ramallah) is one of the leaders of Hamas in the West Bank.	Hassan Yousef	1955
date of birth	Alenka Zupančič (born 1 April 1966) is a Slovenian philosopher whose work focuses on psychoanalysis and continental philosophy.	Alenka Zupančič	1 April 1966
date of birth	Hendrik-Jozef Antonissen (9 June 1737 -- 4 April 1794) was a Flemish painter of landscapes and cattle.	Hendrik-Jozef Antonissen	9 June 1737
date of birth	Henry Hamilton Beamish (2 June 1873 - 27 March 1948) was a leading British antisemite and the founder of The Britons.	Henry Hamilton Beamish	2 June 1873
date of birth	Steve Linsdell, (born 1955, in Westoning, Bedfordshire), is a British motorcycle road racer, known mainly for his achievements aboard unlikely machines and in the Isle of Man TT.	Steve Linsdell	1955
date of birth	Florent Rouamba (born 31 December 1986) is a Burkinabé professional footballer, who currently plays in France for CA Bastia.	Florent Rouamba	31 December 1986
date of birth	Jonathon Griffin (born 14 January 1986) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), he previously played for the Adelaide Football Club.	Jonathon Griffin	14 January 1986
date of birth	Margaretha Sofia Zweygberg (née Tilén; 10 July 1828 -- 19 November 1883) was a Finnish textile wholesaler.	Sofia Zweygberg	1828
date of birth	Albert Yeates (9 November 1860 -- 10 October 1941) was a pastoralist and businessman in Queensland and principal of the firm of Cudmore and Yeates.	Albert Yeates	9 November 1860
date of birth	Şükrü Sina Gürel (born 1 January 1950 in Izmir; transliterated as Sukru Sina Gurel) is a Turkish diplomat and political figure who served as the nation's foreign minister in mid-2002.	Şükrü Sina Gürel	1 January 1950
date of birth	Inaamulhaq (born 14 November 1979) is an Indian actor and screenwriter who has appeared in Bollywood films, including Filmistaan.	Inaamulhaq	14 November 1979
date of birth	Jonathan Rothschild (born 1955) is an American lawyer and politician in his second term as mayor of Tucson, Arizona.	Jonathan Rothschild	1955
date of birth	Zalman Reisen (1887-1940?) was a lexicographer and literary historian of Yiddish literature.	Zalman Reisen	1887
date of birth	Leonard Cyril Deighton (/ˈdiːtən/; born 18 February 1929), known as Len Deighton, is a British writer of novels, military history, screenplays and cookery writing, and is also a graphic artist.	Len Deighton	18 February 1929
date of birth	Christian Tell (1808 -- 24 February 1884) was a Transylvanian-born Wallachian and Romanian politician.	Christian Tell	1808
date of birth	Wolfgang Klotz (born 4 November 1951) is a German former gymnast.	Wolfgang Klotz	4 November 1951
date of birth	Robert Duncan James Shennan (born 18 March 1962, Wirral, Cheshire, better known as Bob Shennan) is a British radio executive who was appointed as Controller of BBC Radio 2 and BBC Radio 6 Music in January 2009.	Bob Shennan	18 March 1962
date of birth	Pavel Malcharek (born 16 February 1986) is a Czech football centre forward who plays for FK Fotbal Třinec.	Pavel Malcharek	16 February 1986
date of birth	Arthur Lewbel (born c. 1959) is the inaugural Patrick Roche Professor of Economics at Boston College, and is known in the fields of applied microeconomics and econometrics.	Arthur Lewbel	1959
date of birth	Henryk Cederbaum (1863--1928) was a Polish lawyer and one of the noted members of Warsaw's bar in the early 20th century.	Henryk Cederbaum	1863
date of birth	Robert Cribb (7 January 1805 -- 16 April 1893) was an Australian parliamentarian who represented the district of East Moreton in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, and the districts of Town of Brisbane and East Moreton in the Queensland Legislative Assembly after the separation of Queensland from New South Wales.	Robert Cribb	7 January 1805
date of birth	Hirofumi Miyase (Japanese: 宮瀬博文, born 11 April 1971) is a Japanese professional golfer.	Hirofumi Miyase	11 April 1971
date of birth	Armando Marenzzi (born 16 March 1963) is Croatian football manager and former player.	Armando Marenzzi	16 March 1963
date of birth	Suzon Fuks (born 1959) is an intermedia artist, choreographer and director exploring the integration and interaction of dance and moving image through performance, screen, installation and online work.	Suzon Fuks	1959
date of birth	Tamás Péchy de Pécsújfalu (6 December 1828 -- 17 September 1897) was a Hungarian nobleman and politician, who served as Minister of Public Works and Transport (1875--1880) and as Speaker of the House of Representatives (1880--1892).	Tamás Péchy	6 December 1828
date of birth	Philippa Hanna (born 29 March 1984) is a British singer-songwriter from Sheffield, England.	Philippa Hanna	29 March 1984
date of birth	Václav Fišer (born 9 July 1947) is a retired Czechoslovak and triple jumper.	Václav Fišer	9 July 1947
date of birth	John Peragallo Jr. (1932--2008) was the president of the Peragallo Pipe Organ Company.	John Peragallo Jr.	1932
date of birth	Hei Zhi Hong (born 18 September 1975) is a Hong Kong wushu athlete.	Hei Zhi Hong	18 September 1975
date of birth	Peter Fredrik Wahlberg (19 June 1800 in Gothenburg -- 22 May 1877 in Stockholm) was a Swedish entomologist and professor at the University College of Stockholm.	Peter Fredrik Wahlberg	19 June 1800
date of birth	Malcolm John Eadie Fraser (4 March 1860 -- 8 January 1886) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Queen's Park and Scotland in the 1870s and 1880s.	Eadie Fraser	4 March 1860
date of birth	Sophie Lee (born 7 August 1968) is an Australian film, stage and television actress and author.	Sophie Lee	7 August 1968
date of birth	Þór Whitehead (Thor Whitehead) (born 19 August 1943) is an Icelandic historian.	Þór Whitehead	19 August 1943
date of birth	Christopher Stollery (or Chris Stollery) (born 12 August 1965) is an Australian television actor.	Christopher Stollery	12 August 1965
date of birth	Jeremy Blackman (born c. 1987) is an American actor, singer, songwriter, and musician.	Jeremy Blackman	1987
date of birth	Akira Komatsu (born 3 April 1962) is a former Japanese football player.	Akira Komatsu	3 April 1962
date of birth	Dieter Müller (born Dieter Kaster on 1 April 1954) is a former German footballer.	Dieter Müller	1 April 1954
date of birth	Karl Wendlinger (born 20 December 1968) is an Austrian professional racing and former Formula One driver.	Karl Wendlinger	20 December 1968
date of birth	Stephen Alvarez (born 1965) is an American photojournalist who produces global stories about exploration, culture, religion, and the aftermath of conflict.	Stephen Alvarez	1965
date of birth	Anthony Mellington (born 27 July 1974) is an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and North Melbourne in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Anthony Mellington	27 July 1974
date of birth	Giovanni Nepomuceno Della Croce (Pressano di Lavis, 1736 - 1819) was an Italian painter, active in both Germany and Trentino in a late-Baroque style, depicting portraits and religious subjects.	Giovanni Nepomuceno Della Croce	1736
date of birth	Avraham Shochat (Hebrew: אברהם שוחט‎, born 14 June 1936) is a former Israeli politician who twice served as Minister of Finance.	Avraham Shochat	14 June 1936
date of birth	Michael Smiley (born 1963) is a Northern Irish comic and actor who lives in London.	Michael Smiley	1963
date of birth	Duane Akina (born c. 1958) is the defensive backs coach for the Stanford Cardinal football team.	Duane Akina	1958
date of birth	Philip Henry Gosse (6 April 1810 -- 23 August 1888), known to his friends as Henry, was an English naturalist and popularizer of natural science, virtually the inventor of the seawater aquarium, and a painstaking innovator in the study of marine biology.	Philip Henry Gosse	6 April 1810
date of birth	Colonel Epitace Bayaganakandi (born 1956) is a Burundian politician.	Epitace Bayaganakandi	1956
date of birth	Okan Yılmaz (born on 16 May 1978) is a Turkish professional footballer.	Okan Yılmaz	16 May 1978
date of birth	David Faiman (born 1944 in the United Kingdom) is an Israeli engineer and physicist.	David Faiman	1944
date of birth	Litza Bixler (born 25 August 1970) is an American and British film choreographer, Artistic Director and Writer.	Litza Bixler	25 August 1970
date of birth	John Faull (born 30 June 1933) was a Welsh international number 8 who played club rugby for Swansea.	John Faull	30 June 1933
date of birth	David Caiado Dias (born 2 May 1987), known as Caiado, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Spanish club SD Ponferradina as a winger.	David Caiado	2 May 1987
date of birth	Sengge Rinchen (Mongolian: ᠰᠡᠩᠭᠡᠷᠢᠨᠼᠡᠨ Sengerinchen, Chinese: 僧格林沁; Tibetan: སེང་གེ་རིན་ཆེན།, 1811 -- 18 May 1865) was a Mongol nobleman and general who served under the Qing dynasty during the reigns of the Daoguang, Xianfeng and Tongzhi emperors.	Sengge Rinchen	1811
date of birth	Ranko Despotović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ранко Деспотовић; born 21 January 1983) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Spanish club Cádiz CF as a striker.	Ranko Despotović	21 January 1983
date of birth	Ann Rachlin MBE (born 1933), is a pioneer of music appreciation for children in the UK, and the founder of ``Fun With Music''.	Ann Rachlin	1933
date of birth	Saima Chowdhury (Bengali: সায়মা চৌধুরী; born 5 October 1993), also known by the stage name Saimasmileslike, is an English photographer and video blogger who is best known for uploading fashion tutorials on YouTube.	Saima Chowdhury	5 October 1993
date of birth	Jonathan Jennings (March 27, 1784-- July 26, 1834) was the first governor of Indiana and a nine-term congressman from Indiana.	Jonathan Jennings	1784
date of birth	Mohammed Wali Zazi (born 1955 in Afghanistan), currently a naturalized U.S. citizen residing in Arapahoe County, Colorado, is a suspect in matters related to terrorism.	Mohammed Wali Zazi	1955
date of birth	William Denton Cox (1883 -- 15 April 1912) was a third class steward aboard RMS Titanic who died while bringing groups of third class passengers to lifeboats during the sinking.	William Denton Cox	1883
date of birth	Rose Ann Scamardella (born 1947) is a former anchorwoman of WABC-TV's Eyewitness News in New York City, and the inspiration for Gilda Radner's character ``Roseanne Roseannadanna'' on Saturday Night Live.	Rose Ann Scamardella	1947
date of birth	Ivan Perišić (Croatian pronunciation: (ǐʋan pěriʃitɕ); born 2 February 1989) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Italian club Inter.	Ivan Perišić	2 February 1989
date of birth	Wilhelm von Boldensele (c. 1285 -- 1338/1339) was a German knight and oriental traveler from Lower Saxony.	Wilhelm von Boldensele	1285
date of birth	Irina Lăzăreanu (Romanian pronunciation: (iriˈna ləzəˈre̯anu); born 8 June 1982) is a Romanian Canadian model.	Irina Lăzăreanu	8 June 1982
date of birth	Ali Sleiman (Arabic: علي سليمان‎; born 28 March 1947) is a Lebanese fencer.	Ali Sleiman	28 March 1947
date of birth	Indira Nath (born 14 January 1938) is an Indian immunologist.	Indira Nath	14 January 1938
date of birth	Imre Szekeres (born 9 September 1950) is a Hungarian politician of the Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP) and former Minister of Defense.	Imre Szekeres	9 September 1950
date of birth	Tim Progosh (1957) is a Canadian actor and producer/creator of the Canadian Comedy Awards, an annual awards show held since 2000 in Toronto (2000--2002) and London, Ontario (2003--present).	Tim Progosh	1957
date of birth	Kristin Baker (b. 1975, Stamford, Connecticut) is a painter based in New York.	Kristin Baker	1975
date of birth	Admiral Sir Archibald Lucius Douglas, GCB, GCVO (8 February 1842 -- 12 March 1913) was a Royal Navy officer of the 19th century.	Archibald Lucius Douglas	8 February 1842
date of birth	Rudi Vogt (born 30 January 1983) is a former South African rugby union footballer, who played as a full-back, fly-half and wing.	Rudi Vogt	30 January 1983
date of birth	Gil Tucker (born 23 August 1947) is an Australian television actor, most remembered for his role as Constable Roy Baker in the television crime drama Cop Shop.	Gil Tucker	23 August 1947
date of birth	Simon van der Stel (14 October 1639 -- 24 June 1712) was the last Commander and first Governor of the Cape Colony, the Dutch settlement at the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa.	Simon van der Stel	14 October 1639
date of birth	Michael Bridges (born 5 August 1978) is an English football striker who plays for Lambton Jaffas FC in the NBN State Football League.	Michael Bridges	5 August 1978
date of birth	Kim Splidsboel (born 25 November 1955) is a Danish football manager and former professional player.	Kim Splidsboel	25 November 1955
date of birth	Wayne Mardle (born 10 May 1973 in Dagenham) is an English former professional darts player for the Professional Darts Corporation, and former player in the BDO.	Wayne Mardle	10 May 1973
date of birth	Madhu Limaye, son of Ramchandra Mahadev Limaye, was born in Pune on 1 May 1922.	Madhu Limaye	1 May 1922
date of birth	Craig McAllister (born 28 June 1980) is a Scottish semi-professional footballer who plays as a striker for National League South club Sutton United.	Craig McAllister	28 June 1980
date of birth	Marieta Riera (born 23 December 1963) is a retired Venezuelan track and field athlete who competed in the women's javelin throw competition during her career.	Marieta Riera	23 December 1963
date of birth	Yevgeny Rybakov (Russian: Евгений Николаевич Рыбаков; born 27 February 1985) is a Russian long-distance runner who competes in the long-distance track and road events.	Yevgeny Rybakov	27 February 1985
date of birth	Dario Campeotto (born 1 February 1939) is a Danish singer, actor, and entertainer.	Dario Campeotto	1 February 1939
date of birth	Mortimer Sellers (M.N.S. Sellers) (born 1959) is Regents Professor of the University System of Maryland and President of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy (IVR).	Mortimer Sellers	1959
date of birth	Per Wimmer (born 1968) is a Danish philanthropist, space advocate, entrepreneur, financier and author.	Per Wimmer	1968
date of birth	Cory L. Richards (born 1948 in Omaha, Nebraska; died April 4, 2013 in Washington, District of Columbia) was an American activist for birth control and abortion rights.	Cory L. Richards	1948
date of birth	Simon Diedong Dombo (1925--1998) was a Ghanaian politician, teacher and king.	Simon Diedong Dombo	1925
date of birth	Reginald Walter Maudslay (1 September 1871 -- 14 December 1934) was a British car manufacturer and founder of the Standard Motor Company.	Reginald Walter Maudslay	1 September 1871
date of birth	Marie Anne Doublet (23 August 1677 -- May 1771), known as Doublet de Persan, Legendre, was a French scholar, writer and salonnière.	Marie Anne Doublet	23 August 1677
date of birth	Dimitris Varos (Greek: Δημήτρης Βάρος) was born in 1949 on the island of Chios.	Dimitris Varos	1949
date of birth	Ghulam Sakhi Hazara (born 1986) is a Hazara Australian artist.	Ghulam Sakhi Hazara	1986
date of birth	Matthew Warchus (born 24 October 1966) is a British director and dramatist.	Matthew Warchus	24 October 1966
date of birth	Tyler Simpson (28 August 1985 -- 26 May 2011) was an Australian football (soccer) player who played as a Central or Right Back.	Tyler Simpson	28 August 1985
date of birth	Piero Stivanello (born 26 March 1957 in Turin) is an Italian retired football player and manager.	Piero Stivanello	26 March 1957
date of birth	Lee Mitchell (born 8 September 1988 in Billinge, Merseyside) is an English rugby league player for Batley Bulldogs in the Championship.	Lee Mitchell	8 September 1988
date of birth	Kjell Magne Yri (born 5 November 1943) is a Norwegian priest, linguist and translator.	Kjell Magne Yri	5 November 1943
date of birth	Yogi Vilasnath Maharaj (born 19 September 1957) is a famous Guru of Natha Tradition, who is making a lot of efforts for the development and spreading of tradition in India and abroad.	Yogi Vilasnath Maharaj	19 September 1957
date of birth	Mary Sojourner (born 1940) is an American novelist, NPR commentator, columnist and environmental and social justice activist.	Mary Sojourner	1940
date of birth	Jan Vansina (born 14 September 1929) is a Belgian historian and anthropologist specializing in Africa.	Jan Vansina	14 September 1929
date of birth	Hilmi M. Zawati, D.C.L., Ph.D., (Arabic: حلمي زواتي; born in 1953 in Nablus) is an international criminal law and human rights jurist and the current Chair of the International Centre for Legal Accountability and Justice (ICLAJ).	Hilmi M. Zawati	1953
date of birth	Tamara Divišková (born 9 July 1934 in Brno) is a Czech ceramist and costume designer.	Tamara Divišková	9 July 1934
date of birth	Michael Semanick (born 1963) is an American sound engineer, credited as a sound re-recording mixer.	Michael Semanick	1963
date of birth	Tal Friedman (Hebrew: טל פרידמן; born 20 December 1963) is an Israeli comedian, actor and musician.	Tal Friedman	20 December 1963
date of birth	Lawrence Michael Brown FRS (born 18 March 1936) is a British material scientist.	Lawrence Michael Brown	18 March 1936
date of birth	Sir Robert Malpas CBE FREng FRSA (born 9 August 1927) is a British engineer and business man.	Robert Malpas	9 August 1927
date of birth	Paulette Jiles-Johnson (born 4 April 1943) is an American-born Canadian poet and novelist.	Paulette Jiles	4 April 1943
date of birth	Dominic Littlewood (born 29 March 1965) is a British television presenter and journalist who specialises in consumer affairs.	Dominic Littlewood	29 March 1965
date of birth	Carl Ulisses von Salis-Marschlins or Karl or Charles (28 September 1762 Marschlins -16 January 1818) was a Swiss naturalist interested in botany, entomology, and conchology.	Carl Ulisses von Salis-Marschlins	28 September 1762
date of birth	Tom Cone (born Thomas Edward Cone, 1947 -- April 2012) was a Canadian-American playwright and librettist.	Tom Cone	1947
date of birth	Jacques Bidet (French: (bidɛ); born 1935) is a French philosopher and social theorist.	Jacques Bidet	1935
date of birth	Per Mårtensson (born 1967 in Östersund) is a Swedish composer and teacher.	Per Mårtensson	1967
date of birth	Seán Mac Brádaigh, Irish genealogist and historian, born 1932.	Seán Mac Brádaigh	1932
date of birth	Trish Vradenburg (born 1946) is an American playwright, author, television writer, and advocate of research to cure Alzheimer's disease.	Trish Vradenburg	1946
date of birth	Dr. Anders Birger Bohlin (1898 -- 1990) was a Swedish palaeontologist.	Birger Bohlin	1898
date of birth	Carl Oliver Jr. (born 30 January 1969) is a Bahamian former track and field sprinter who specialised in the 400 metres.	Carl Oliver	30 January 1969
date of birth	Igor Matić (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Матић; born 22 July 1981) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a deep-lying playmaker for SuperLiga club Čukarički.	Igor Matić	22 July 1981
date of birth	Joel Monroe (1793--1877) was the man who gave Monroeville, Pennsylvania its name.	Joel Monroe	1793
date of birth	Brendon Bolton (born 18 April 1979) is the senior coach of the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Brendon Bolton	18 April 1979
date of birth	Anna Hämäläinen (born 24 March 1994, in Moscow) is a Finnish athlete who specialises in the 200 metres.	Anna Hämäläinen	24 March 1994
date of birth	Doron Weber (born 1955) is an American author best known for his memoir, Immortal Bird:	Doron Weber	1955
date of birth	Alba Trissina (born 1622) was an Italian composer.	Alba Trissina	1622
date of birth	Patrick Hürlimann (born 9 July 1963) is a Swiss curler, Olympic champion, and Vice-President of the World Curling Federation (WCF).	Patrick Hürlimann	9 July 1963
date of birth	Victoria Barnsley OBE (born 4 March 1954) is a British businesswoman and entrepreneur.	Victoria Barnsley	4 March 1954
date of birth	Margaret B. Blackman (born 1944) is an anthropologist known for her work with the Haida First Nation of the Queen Charlotte Islands of British Columbia, Canada, beginning in the 1970s.	Margaret B. Blackman	1944
date of birth	Abigail Hyndman (born 1990) is a beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss British Virgin Islands 2011, was represented of the British overseas territory in the 2012 Miss Universe pageant.	Abigail Hyndman	1990
date of birth	Johan Christian Constantin Brun (27 November 1746 -- 19 February 1836) was a German-Danish merchant.	Constantin Brun	27 November 1746
date of birth	Lee Young-min (born 1 December 1905 -- 1954) was a South Korean football, athletics, and baseball player, manager, and promoter.	Lee Young-min	1 December 1905
date of birth	Charles Edmond Henri de Coussemaker, known as Edmond de Coussemaker, born on 19 April 1805 in Belle, died on 10 January 1876 in Bourbourg, was a schooled jurist.	Edmond de Coussemaker	19 April 1805
date of birth	Ben Boloff (1893--1932) was a Soviet Russian communist who lived in Portland, Oregon.	Ben Boloff	1893
date of birth	Mikhail Turovsky (Ukrainian: Михайло Туровський; born in 1933 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is an American artist-painter, and writer-aphorist, resident in New York since 1979.	Mikhail Turovsky	1933
date of birth	Niall Lucy (11 November 1956 - 5 June 2014) was an Australian writer and scholar best known for his work in deconstruction.	Niall Lucy	11 November 1956
date of birth	Henry Allison (born 14 July 1828 in Campbell Town, Tasmania), was an Australian cricket player, who played two first-class cricket matches for Tasmania.	Henry Allison	14 July 1828
date of birth	Michael Deeley (born 6 August 1932) is a British film producer for such motion pictures as The Italian Job, The Deer Hunter and Blade Runner.	Michael Deeley	6 August 1932
date of birth	Salvador Crespo Romera (born 21 October 1983 in Albacete) is a Spanish athlete specializing in the 800 metres.	Salvador Crespo	21 October 1983
date of birth	Valmik Thapar (born 1952) is an Indian naturalist, conservationist and writer.	Valmik Thapar	1952
date of birth	Edward Stobart (21 November 1954 -- 31 March 2011) was a British haulage company owner who first became involved with his father's company aged 15 in 1969, and subsequently expanded it into one of the UK's most well known multimodal logistics companies, Stobart Group.	Edward Stobart	21 November 1954
date of birth	Arnulf Kolstad (born 23 April 1942 in Oslo) is a Norwegian social psychologist.	Arnulf Kolstad	23 April 1942
date of birth	Zygi Kamasa (born 12 November 1969) is a Swedish-British entertainment studio executive and film executive producer.	Zygi Kamasa	1969
date of birth	Fernando Trueba (born 18 January 1955) is a book editor, screenwriter, film director and producer.	Fernando Trueba	18 January 1955
date of birth	Lionel Nshole Makondi (born 25 February 1995) is a DR Congolese footballer who currently plays for Heist on loan from KV Mechelen as a striker.	Lionel Nshole Makondi	25 February 1995
date of birth	Edwin van Gelder (born 21 January 1978, Nijmegen) is a Dutch graphic designer and art director based in Amsterdam.	Edwin van Gelder	21 January 1978
date of birth	Dillon Battistini (born 3 December 1977) is an English-born racecar driver from Ewell.	Dillon Battistini	3 December 1977
date of birth	Sune Larsson (born 21 June 1930) was a former Swedish cross country skier who competed during the 1950s.	Sune Larsson	21 June 1930
date of birth	Ümit Korkmaz (born 17 September 1985) is an Austrian footballer of Turkish descent who plays as a winger for Çaykur Rizespor and the Austria national football team.	Ümit Korkmaz	17 September 1985
date of birth	Mary Kay Henry (born 1958) is an American labor union activist who was elected International President of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) on May 8, 2010.	Mary Kay Henry	1958
date of birth	Darren Barker (19 May 1982) is a British former professional boxer who held the IBF, British, Commonwealth and European middleweight titles.	Darren Barker	19 May 1982
date of birth	Manuel P. Asensio (born December 30, 1954 in La Habana, Cuba) is a money manager in New York best known for his pioneering work as an activist short-seller.	Manuel P. Asensio	1954
date of birth	Michael Ware (born 25 March 1969) is an Australian journalist formerly with CNN and was for several years based in their Baghdad bureau.	Michael Ware	25 March 1969
date of birth	Cristiano Piccini (born 26 September 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Betis as a right back.	Cristiano Piccini	26 September 1992
date of birth	Kristine Jarinovska (born 22 August 1977) is legal scientist, doctor of laws Dr. iur.	Kristine Jarinovska	22 August 1977
date of birth	Robert Trunz (born 3 April 1954) is a Swiss born music producer, businessman and sound expert.	Robert Trunz	3 April 1954
date of birth	Sergei Sarana (born 7 December 1978) is a professional footballer.	Sergei Sarana	7 December 1978
date of birth	Melissa Perello (born 1976), is an American chef best known for holding a Michelin star at her restaurant Frances.	Melissa Perello	1976
date of birth	Caroline Gibello (born 1974), is a South African fine art nature photographer.	Caroline Gibello	1974
date of birth	Guzel Khubbieva (born 2 May 1976) is an Uzbekistani sprinter who specializes in the 100 and 200 metres.	Guzel Khubbieva	2 May 1976
date of birth	Evelyn Simpson Curenton (born 1953) is a leading African-American composer, pianist, organist, and vocalist.	Evelyn Simpson Curenton	1953
date of birth	Bendik Baksaas (born 1991 in Oslo, Norway) is a jazz and electronica musician who has got some attention in the recent past, including through performances at places like Turkish Delight, Brukbar and Rockefeller.	Bendik Baksaas	1991
date of birth	Jari Vandeputte (born 14 February 1996) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for FC Eindhoven, on loan from Gent, in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Jari Vandeputte	14 February 1996
date of birth	Krzysztof Kosiński, also Kryshtof Kosynsky of Rawicz Coat of Arms (Ukrainian: Криштоф Косинський, Kryshtof Kosynsky; Polish: Krzysztof Kosiński; 1545--93) was a Polish noble of Ruthenian origin from the Podlachia region.	Krzysztof Kosiński	1545
date of birth	Mohammed Ijaz Butt (born 10 March 1938, Sialkot, Punjab, British India) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in eight Tests from 1959 to 1962.	Ijaz Butt	10 March 1938
date of birth	Kepler de Souza Oliveira Filho (born 16 February 1956), also known as S. O. Kepler, is a Brazilian astronomer primarily known for his work on white dwarfs, variable stars, and magnetars.	Kepler de Souza Oliveira	16 February 1956
date of birth	Richard William Hunt (11 April 1908-13 November 1979), was a scholar, grammarian, palaeographer, editor, and author of a number of books about medieval history and the Keeper of Western Manuscripts at the Bodleian Library, Oxford, from 1945 to 1975.	Richard William Hunt	11 April 1908
date of birth	Kim Watkins (born 22 September 1967) is an Australian television and news presenter.	Kim Watkins	22 September 1967
date of birth	Caio De Cenco (born 5 May 1989) is an Italian Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Italian Third Tier (Serie C) club Pordenone.	Caio De Cenco	5 May 1989
date of birth	Professor Jake Kaner (born 1959) is Professor of Furniture at Buckinghamshire New University, and a member of the Institute of Conservation.	Jake Kaner	1959
date of birth	Supreme Master (or ``Suma'') Ching Hai, (born 12 May 1950), is the spiritual teacher of the Quan Yin Method with an estimated 20,000 followers worldwide.	Ching Hai	12 May 1950
date of birth	Arthur C. Forbes (1866-) was an English forestry expert.	Arthur C. Forbes	1866
date of birth	Sandrine Holt (Chinese: 何家蓓; born 19 November 1972) is an English-Canadian model and actress.	Sandrine Holt	19 November 1972
date of birth	Ulisse Caputo (Salerno, 1872-1948) was an Neapolitan painter who resided in Paris.	Ulisse Caputo	1872
date of birth	Rishi Bachan (born 4 November 1986, in Barrackpore, Trinidad and Tobago), his bowling style is slow left arm offbreak, and is a right-handed batsman.	Rishi Bachan	4 November 1986
date of birth	Goran Tomić (born 18 March 1977) is a retired professional Croatian footballer, now manager of Chinese League One side Zhejiang Yiteng.	Goran Tomić	18 March 1977
date of birth	Belinda Carroll (born 22 July 1945, in Oxfordshire) is an English stage and television actress.	Belinda Carroll	22 July 1945
date of birth	Thomas Pattenden (born 5 January 1742 at East Peckham, Kent; died 10 November 1791 at East Peckham) was a noted English cricketer who played for Kent in the 1760s and 1770s.	Thomas Pattenden	5 January 1742
date of birth	Eddie Regan (11 September 1909 -- 2 April 1988) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Eddie Regan	11 September 1909
date of birth	Dr. Thomas Masterman Winterbottom (26 March 1766, South Shields -- 8 July 1859) was an English physician, philanthropist and abolitionist remembered for describing African trypanosomiasis and the associated Winterbottom's sign.	Thomas Masterman Winterbottom	26 March 1766
date of birth	Lorraine Pintal (born September 24, 1951) is a Quebec actor, director, producer and playwright.	Lorraine Pintal	1951
date of birth	James W. Nichol (born in 1940 in Toronto) is a Canadian playwright and novelist.	James W. Nichol	1940
date of birth	Rolf Göran Lennmarker (born 7 December 1943 in Norberg, Västmanland County) is a Swedish moderate politician who has been a member of the Riksdag from 1991 to 2010.	Göran Lennmarker	7 December 1943
date of birth	Jamesy Kelleher (1878 -- 10 January 1943) was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Cork senior team.	Jamesy Kelleher	1878
date of birth	Helena Hernmarck (born in Stockholm, Sweden, 1941) is a Swedish tapestry artist who lives and works in the United States.	Helena Hernmarck	1941
date of birth	Digno García (Luque, 1919 - 4 February 1984) was a Paraguayan harpist.	Digno García	1919
date of birth	Dua Lipa (/ˈduːə ˈliːpə/; born 22 August 1995) is an English singer, songwriter, and model.	Dua Lipa	22 August 1995
date of birth	Geoffrey Douglas (born 1944) is an American author and journalist and adjunct professor of writing at the University of Massachusetts/Lowell.	Geoffrey Douglas	1944
date of birth	Michalis Papakonstantinou (Greek: Μιχάλης Παπακωνσταντίνου; November 1, 1919 -- January 17, 2010) was a Greek politician and author.	Michalis Papakonstantinou	1919
date of birth	Christopher Seaman (born 7 March 1942, Faversham) is a British conductor, the son of Albert Edward Seaman and Ethel Margery Seaman.	Christopher Seaman	7 March 1942
date of birth	Zhang Zongxun (Chinese: 张宗逊; pinyin: Zhāng Zōngxùn; 1908--1998) was a general of the People's Liberation Army of China.	Zhang Zongxun	1908
date of birth	Luke Leahy (born 19 November 1992) is an English footballer who plays for Falkirk in the Scottish Championship.	Luke Leahy	19 November 1992
date of birth	Mikael Fortelius (born 1 February 1954) is Professor of Evolutionary Palaeontology at the University of Helsinki and the coordinator of the Neogene of the Old World database of fossil mammals.	Mikael Fortelius	1 February 1954
date of birth	Christine Morrow is an Australian artist, born in the UK in 1971 to a French mother and Scottish father.	Christine Morrow	1971
date of birth	Sean Thornley (born 31 May 1989) is a British tennis player, best known for playing on the doubles circuit with David Rice.	Sean Thornley	31 May 1989
date of birth	Frederick St John Newdigate Barne (5 September 1842 -- 25 January 1898) was a British army officer and a Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1876 to 1885.	Frederick St John Newdigate Barne	5 September 1842
date of birth	Vittorio Grünwald (Verona, Italy, 13 June 1855 -- Florence, Italy, March 1943) was an Italian professor of mathematics and German language.	Vittorio Grünwald	13 June 1855
date of birth	Rainer Froese, born 25 August 1950 in Wismar, Germany, is a senior scientist at the Helmholtz Center for Ocean Research (GEOMAR) in Kiel, formerly the Leibniz Institute of Marine Sciences (IFM-GEOMAR), and a Pew Fellow in Marine Conservation.	Rainer Froese	25 August 1950
date of birth	Manuel Jesualdo Ferreira (born 24 May 1946) is a Portuguese football manager who is the current manager of Qatari club Al Sadd SC.	Jesualdo Ferreira	24 May 1946
date of birth	Carlos Alberto Scolari (born 1963 Rosario, Argentina) is a communication researcher expert in digital media, interfaces and communication ecology.	Carlos Alberto Scolari	1963
date of birth	Orest Klympush (Ukrainian: Орест Дмитрович Климпуш; born 14 February 1941) is a Ukrainian engineer, politician, diplomat.	Orest Klympush	14 February 1941
date of birth	Mark Durkan MP (born 26 June 1960) is an Irish SDLP politician from Northern Ireland.	Mark Durkan	26 June 1960
date of birth	Helga Stene (8 October 1904 -- 2 October 1983) was a Norwegian educator, feminist and resistance member.	Helga Stene	8 October 1904
date of birth	Kjetil Rolness (born 13 July 1961) is a Norwegian sociologist, writer, lecturer and entertainer.	Kjetil Rolness	13 July 1961
date of birth	Douglas George Ross (born 6 April 1897) was a British police officer who served as Chief Constable of Sutherland from 1933 to 1962.	Douglas George Ross	6 April 1897
date of birth	Lee Sing-man (born 1944), commonly known as ``Uncle Man'', is a paper-tearing artist in Hong Kong.	Lee Sing-man	1944
date of birth	Luis Fernando Correa Bahamon (born 23 April 1955) is a Colombian business man, philanthropist, and investor.	Luis Fernando Correa Bahamon	23 April 1955
date of birth	Herberto Dumé (born in 1929) is best known for his theater direction.	Herberto Dumé	1929
date of birth	Ulrike Frank (born 1 February 1969) is a German actress known for her portrayal of Katrin Flemming on the daily drama Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten.	Ulrike Frank	1 February 1969
date of birth	K. T. Kunjumon (Tamil: கே.டி.குஞ்சுமோன்; born on 15 November 1953) is a Tamil film producer and writer.	K. T. Kunjumon	15 November 1953
date of birth	Draja Mickaharic (Serbian: Драја Микахарић, Bosnian: Draja Mikaharić, born 10 April 1912) is a Bosnian-born American author, occultist and authority on hoodoo.	Draja Mickaharic	10 April 1912
date of birth	Jack Train (28 November 1902 -- 19 December 1966) was a British radio and film actor popular during the Second World War.	Jack Train	28 November 1902
date of birth	Gunnel Pettersson, born 1960 in Malmö, is a Swedish artist who lives and works in Simrishamn and Malmö.	Gunnel Pettersson	1960
date of birth	Marshall Claxton (12 May 1811 -- 28 July 1881) was an English subject, genre, landscape and portrait painter.	Marshall Claxton	12 May 1811
date of birth	Nathan Pacheco (born 1980) is an American singer/songwriter born in Virginia, and is of Brazilian descent.	Nathan Pacheco	1980
date of birth	Arun Shourie (born 2 November 1941) is an Indian journalist, author and politician.	Arun Shourie	2 November 1941
date of birth	Fatma Zohra Zamoum (born 19 January 1967) is a Franco-Algerian writer, filmmaker and educator.	Fatma Zohra Zamoum	19 January 1967
date of birth	Luís Fábio Gomes (born 11 November 1975) is Brazilian football player.	Luís Fábio Gomes	11 November 1975
date of birth	Tenzin Ösel Hita (born 12 February 1985 in Bubión, Granada, Spain) is a Tibetan Buddhist tulku and an aspiring filmmaker from Spain.	Tenzin Ösel Hita	12 February 1985
date of birth	Reuben Butler (born 1890) was an English footballer who played as centre forward.	Reuben Butler	1890
date of birth	Carl Gustaf Pilo (5 March 1711 -- 2 March 1793) was a Swedish-born artist and painter, one of many 18th-century European artists who had to leave their own country in order to make a living.	Carl Gustaf Pilo	5 March 1711
date of birth	Leonor Silveira (born 28 October 1970) is a Portuguese film actress who made her film debut in The Cannibals for director Manoel de Oliveira in 1988.	Leonor Silveira	28 October 1970
date of birth	Teodor Balș (August, 1805 -- March 1, 1857) was a caimacam (temporary replacement of Prince; from Turkish: kaymakam) who ruled Moldavia between July 20, 1856 and March 1, 1857.	Teodor Balș	1805
date of birth	Will Santillo (July, 1953, White Plains, New York) is an American/Canadian photographer, known for his work in the realm of erotic fine art photography.	Will Santillo	July, 1953
date of birth	Henri Van den Bulcke (1889--1947) was a Belgian ice hockey player and administrator.	Henri Van den Bulcke	1889
date of birth	Josef Szeiler (7 August 1948 in Sankt Michael im Burgenland) is an Austrian theatre director.	Josef Szeiler	1948
date of birth	Alison Rogers (born in 1966 in Little Rock, Arkansas) is an American journalist and real estate broker.	Alison Rogers	1966
date of birth	Samuel Lapham VI was born on 23 September 1892 in Charleston, South Carolina to Samuel Lapham V and Annie Grey Soule (a direct descendant of Pilgrim George Soule).	Samuel Lapham VI	23 September 1892
date of birth	Yadigar Görür (born 16 September 1970) is a former German footballer who played as a Striker and currently the performance coach of Lokomotivi Tbilisi.	Yadigar Görür	1970
date of birth	Mansur al-Atrash (Arabic: منصور الأطرش‎; 3 February 1925 -- 14 November 2006) was a Syrian politician and journalist.	Mansur al-Atrash	3 February 1925
date of birth	Yoni Tabac (born 21 April 1980) is an Israeli actor of Romanian descent who is best known for his role in the film Polanski.	Yoni Tabac	21 April 1980
date of birth	Corrie Erickson (born 1981) in Northfield, Minnesota is an oil painter, graphic designer, Tattoo artist and former protege of famed commercial artist John Berkey.	Corrie Erickson	1981
date of birth	Gilles Ruyssen (born 18 June 1994) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for Westerlo as a center back.	Gilles Ruyssen	18 June 1994
date of birth	Luigi Visconti, better known by his stage name Fanfulla, (26 February 1913 -- 5 January 1971) was an Italian actor and comedian.	Fanfulla	26 February 1913
date of birth	Barry Stanton (born 23 January 1941) is an Australian rock'n'roll musician.	Barry Stanton	23 January 1941
date of birth	Ann Shola Orloff (born 1953) is an American sociologist, specializing in Comparative-Historical Sociology, Gender and Social Inequalities, Sociological Theory and Political Sociology.	Ann Shola Orloff	1953
date of birth	Ardian Đokaj (Montenegrin: Ардијан Ђокај, Adrijan Đokaj or Ardijan Djokaj, Albanian: Ardian Gjokaj) (born on 23 May 1979 in Titograd, Montenegro, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin-Albanian football left winger.	Ardian Đokaj	23 May 1979
date of birth	Jane Holderness-Roddam, CBE, LVO (née Bullen) was born on 1 July 1948 in Charmouth, Dorset and is a British event rider, winning Badminton Horse Trials in 1968 (on Our Nobby) and 1978 (on Warrior).	Jane Holderness-Roddam	1948
date of birth	Alfred Taylor Howard (born 12 March 1868) was a Bishop of the Church of the United Brethren in Christ, elected in 1913.	Alfred Taylor Howard	12 March 1868
date of birth	Mokdad Sifi (Arabic: مقداد سيفي‎; born 21 April 1940) is an Algerian politician.	Mokdad Sifi	21 April 1940
date of birth	Luis Gerónimo Abreu was born in Caracas on 7 September 1972 to Luis Abreu, an actor and theater director and Haydée Ascanio, television and film screenwriter and producer.	Luis Gerónimo Abreu	7 September 1972
date of birth	Humberto Rivas Mijares (1918--1981) was a Venezuelan writer, journalist and diplomat.	Humberto Rivas Mijares	1918
date of birth	Umberto Risi (born 31 December 1940) is a retired Italian steeplechase runner.	Umberto Risi	31 December 1940
date of birth	Darius Defoe (born 30 October 1984 in Dominica), is a current British Professional Basketball player.	Darius Defoe	30 October 1984
date of birth	Franchinus Gaffurius (Franchino Gaffurio; 14 January 1451 -- 25 June 1522) was an Italian music theorist and composer of the Renaissance.	Franchinus Gaffurius	14 January 1451
date of birth	DJ Trexx is a pseudonym of Swedish actor, producer and writer Michael Lindgren (born 14 March 1978 in Stockholm), who is a part of the Grotesco comedy collective.	Michael Lindgren	14 March 1978
date of birth	Alan Dinnie (born 14 May 1963) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a right back.	Alan Dinnie	14 May 1963
date of birth	Inessa Lisovskaya (also Lissovskaya; Russian: Инесса Лисовская; (Belarusian: Iнэса Лiсоуская; born 1964) is a retired Soviet individual rhythmic gymnast. She won a silver medal in the team exercise at the 1981 World Championships in Munich and three bronze medals at the 1980 European Championships in Amsterdam.	Inessa Lisovskaya	1964
date of birth	Sherif Fawzy (Arabic: شريف فوزى‎) (born 2 June 1990) is an Egyptian footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for Egyptian Premier League side Zamalek	Sherif Fawzy	2 June 1990
date of birth	Dr Israel Herbert Scheinberg (c. 1919 -- April 4, 2009) was a physician who specialized in Wilson's disease and other rare hereditary diseases.	Herbert Scheinberg	1919
date of birth	Harry Brus (born April 1949, in Graz, Austria) is an Australian bass player and guitarist, best known for his work with Matt Finish, Kevin Borich, Renée Geyer, Australian Crawl, Leo Sayer, Marcia Hines, Jimmy Barnes, Ross Wilson and Billy Thorpe.	Harry Brus	April 1949
date of birth	Marko Antila (born 1969) is a Finnish film producer and director.	Marko Antila	1969
date of birth	Joonas Miquel-Barbadillo (born 19 July 1997) is a Finnish junior ice hockey player currently playing for the Luxembourg Huskies u18 team who play in the French league, in the u18 3 division.	Joonas Miquel	19 July 1997
date of birth	Daniel Fathers (born 23 March 1966) is an English actor known for portraying Brown Cessario in the film Camp Rock and its sequel Camp Rock 2:	Daniel Fathers	23 March 1966
date of birth	Benjamín Brea (18 September 1946 -- 23 April 2014) was a Spanish-born Venezuelan musician, arranger and teacher, mostly associated with jazz, even though he had the advantage to play several music genres in various bands as a soloist as well as sideman and conductor.	Benjamín Brea	18 September 1946
date of birth	John O'Donohue (1 January 1956 -- 4 January 2008) was an Irish poet, author, priest, and Hegelian philosopher.	John O'Donohue	1 January 1956
date of birth	Steven Sivyer (born 1974) is a composer and organist currently based in Kent.	Steven Sivyer	1974
date of birth	Łukasz Różycki ((wuˈkaʂ ruˈʐɨt͡ski); born 1979 in Warsaw, Poland) is a Polish pair skater who competed with Aneta Kowalska.	Łukasz Różycki	1979
date of birth	Katherine Press (born 1992) is an English actress, best known for her role as Hannah in Stephen Poliakoff's 2013 BBC series Dancing on the Edge.	Katherine Press	1992
date of birth	Kaşif Kozinoğlu (1955, Trabzon - 13 November 2011, Istanbul) was a senior Turkish intelligence official in the National Intelligence Organization (MIT).	Kaşif Kozinoğlu	1955
date of birth	Edward Sheil (1851 -- 3 July 1915) was Irish nationalist politician.	Edward Sheil	1851
date of birth	Mícheál Ó Muircheartaigh (Irish pronunciation: (mʲiːçaːl̪ˠ oː mˠɪɾʲçaɾˠt̪ˠiː); born 20 August 1930) is an Irish Gaelic games commentator for the Irish national radio and television, RTÉ.	Mícheál Ó Muircheartaigh	20 August 1930
date of birth	John Englart (born 1955), pseudonym Takver, is an Australian citizen journalist, photojournalist, Videographer and blogger from Melbourne.	John Englart	1955
date of birth	Tilyenji Kaunda (born 1954) is a Zambian politician who is the President of the United National Independence Party (UNIP).	Tilyenji Kaunda	1954
date of birth	Pablo Pineda (born 1974) is a Spanish actor who received the Silver Shell award at the 2009 San Sebastián International Film Festival for his performance in the film Yo Tambien.	Pablo Pineda	1974
date of birth	Raven Chacon (born December 1977 in Fort Defiance, Navajo Nation, Arizona, United States) is an American composer and artist.	Raven Chacon	1977
date of birth	Sanjay Bhende (born 18 October 1970) is the Chairman of Nagpur Nagarik Sahakari Bank Ltd, Nagpur.	Sanjay Bhende	18 October 1970
date of birth	Leila Araghian (Persian: لیلا عراقیان‎‎; born in 1983), is an Iranian architect.	Leila Araghian	1983
date of birth	Gautier le Leu (born 1210?), sometimes referred to as Gautier le Long, was a French minstrel who wrote in the middle of the 13th century.	Gautier le Leu	1210
date of birth	Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty (Bengali: অজয় চক্রবর্তী; born 25 December 1952) is an Indian Hindustani classical vocalist, composer, lyricist and Guru, poised nearly as a cult figure among all the legendary Indian Classical Musicians.	Ajoy Chakrabarty	1952
date of birth	Victor Brox (born May 1940, Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire) is a British blues musician from Manchester, England.	Victor Brox	1940
date of birth	Johan Golden (born 9 June 1974) is a Norwegian comedian, musician, politician and radio and television presenter.	Johan Golden	9 June 1974
date of birth	Chung Yun-hee (Korean: 정윤희; born 3 January 1983) is a South Korean long-distance runner and marathon race specialist.	Chung Yun-hee	3 January 1983
date of birth	Andrew Mitchell Thomson (1779--1831) was a minister of the Church of Scotland, known as an evangelical activist and political reformer.	Andrew Mitchell Thomson	1779
date of birth	Eustachy Trepka (born around 1510, died October 17, 1558) was a Polish Lutheran theologian, pastor, and translator.	Eustachy Trepka	1510
date of birth	Xavier Minniecon (born 4 July 1967) is a former Australian television weather presenter.	Xavier Minniecon	4 July 1967
date of birth	Leila Nadya Sadat (born 1960 in Newark, New Jersey) is the Henry H. Oberschelp Professor of Law at Washington University School of Law and the Director of the Whitney R. Harris World Law Institute.	Leila Nadya Sadat	1960
date of birth	Paula Santiago (born 1969 in Guadalajara) is a Mexican mixed media artist whose works have been displayed at the Monterrey Museum of Modern Art and several galleries in Europe and North America.	Paula Santiago	1969
date of birth	Torgeir Vassvik (born 3 October 1962 in Gamvik) is a Norwegian Sami musician and composer.	Torgeir Vassvik	3 October 1962
date of birth	John Talbott Donoghue (1853 -- July 1, 1903) was an American artist who was born in Chicago.	John Talbott Donoghue	1853
date of birth	Luke Phillips (born 4 August 1975) is an Australian professional rugby league football referee and former player.	Luke Phillips	4 August 1975
date of birth	Susan Tom (born 1948) is a woman from Fairfield, California, who became famous when HBO aired a documentary, ``My Flesh and Blood,'' about her in 2003.	Susan Tom	1948
date of birth	Ori Gersht (born 1967) is an Israeli fine art photographer.	Ori Gersht	1967
date of birth	Marie-Claire Baldenweg (born 27 March 1954) is a Swiss--	Marie-Claire Baldenweg	27 March 1954
date of birth	Albert Midlane (23 January 1825 -- 27 February 1909) was a British poet who wrote several hundred hymns, most notably ``There's a Friend for Little Children''.	Albert Midlane	23 January 1825
date of birth	Charles Macpherson FRAM (1870--1927) was a Scottish organist, who served at St Paul's Cathedral.	Charles Macpherson	1870
date of birth	Tue Greenfort (born 1973) is a Danish artist best known for his environmentalist works.	Tue Greenfort	1973
date of birth	Mihails Smorodins (born 1952 in Saldus) is a former Latvian football striker, one of the best goalscorers in the history of the Latvian league.	Mihails Smorodins	1952
date of birth	Mostafa Ronaghi (born 1968) is an Iranian molecular biologist, specializing in DNA sequencing methodology.	Mostafa Ronaghi	1968
date of birth	Patrick D'Rozario (born 1 October 1943, Padrishibpur, Barisal, British India, now Bangladesh) is the Catholic Archbishop of the archdiocese of Dhaka, making him the highest ranked priest of the Roman Catholic Church in Bangladesh.	Patrick D'Rozario	1 October 1943
date of birth	Valerie Lilley (born 14 April 1939) is a Northern Irish actress who has played many television roles on dramas such as Doctors and Grange Hill.	Valerie Lilley	14 April 1939
date of birth	Dorothea Glenys Thornton, Baroness Thornton (born 16 October 1952), known as Glenys Thornton, is a Labour and Co-operative member of the House of Lords.	Glenys Thornton, Baroness Thornton	16 October 1952
date of birth	Chris Karagulleyan (born 1968 in Beirut, Lebanon) is a professional gambler now living in Glendale, California, United States.	Chris Karagulleyan	1968
date of birth	Lukas Biewald (born 1981 in Massachusetts) is an entrepreneur living in San Francisco, California.	Lukas Biewald	1981
date of birth	Nertil Ferraj (born 11 September 1987 in Tiranë) is an Albanian footballer who played recently for Albanian Superliga side Kukësi as a midfielder.	Nertil Ferraj	11 September 1987
date of birth	Hawise of Chester, 1st Countess of Lincoln suo jure (1180- 6 June 1241/3 May 1243), was an Anglo-Norman noblewoman and a wealthy heiress.	Hawise of Chester, 1st Countess of Lincoln	1180
date of birth	Constantine Manasses (Greek: Κωνσταντῖνος Μανασσῆς; c. 1130 - c. 1187) was a Byzantine chronicler who flourished in the 12th century during the reign of Manuel I Komnenos (1143-1180).	Constantine Manasses	1130
date of birth	Thomas Timothy Vernon-Kell (born 10 May 1981) is a self-taught multi-instrumentalist musician who works under the name of Tom Vek.	Tom Vek	10 May 1981
date of birth	Ross Batty (born 20 September 1986 in England) a former Barnard Castle School pupil, is a rugby union player for the Bath in the Aviva Premiership.	Ross Batty	20 September 1986
date of birth	Beate Jasch (born 16 January 1959) is a retired German swimmer who won a silver medal at the 1974 European Aquatics Championships.	Beate Jasch	16 January 1959
date of birth	Yehezkel Zakai (Hebrew: יחזקאל זכאי‎, born 24 April 1932) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1977 and 1984.	Yehezkel Zakai	24 April 1932
date of birth	Nick Pollard (born 1950) is a British journalist and the former head of Sky News.	Nick Pollard	1950
date of birth	Andy Cox (born Andrew Cox 25 January 1956 ) is a British guitarist, who along with Dave Wakeling, founded The Beat in 1978.	Andy Cox	25 January 1956
date of birth	Nicolas Vaporidis (Greek: Νικόλας Βαπορίδης) (born 22 December 1981) is an Italian actor, film producer, and novelist.	Nicolas Vaporidis	22 December 1981
date of birth	Ramajogayya Sastry Darivemula (born 24 August 1970) is an Indian film lyricist, known for his works in Telugu Cinema.	Ramajogayya Sastry	24 August 1970
date of birth	Luo Pinchao (June 1912 -- July 15, 2010) was a Cantonese opera stage actor who started to perform in 1930.	Luo Pinchao	June 1912
date of birth	Nina Serrano (born 1934) is an American poet, writer, storyteller, and independent media producer who lives in Oakland, California.	Nina Serrano	1934
date of birth	Zsuzsa Mary also known as Zsuzsi Mary (13 October 1947 -- 24 December 2011) was a Hungarian pop singer.	Zsuzsi Mary	13 October 1947
date of birth	Richard Martini (born 12 March 1955) is an award-winning American film director, producer, screenwriter and freelance journalist.	Richard Martini	12 March 1955
date of birth	Margaret Sibthorp, née Shurmer, (c. 1835 -- 23 May 1916) edited the ``pioneering women's periodical'' Shafts from 1892 until 1899.	Margaret Sibthorp	1835
date of birth	Ming Kipa (Nepali: मिङ किपा शेर्पा) (born 1988) is a Nepalese Sherpa girl who held the record as the youngest person to climb Mount Everest from 2003 to 2010.	Ming Kipa	1988
date of birth	Dame Denise Platt, DBE, FRSA (born 21 February 1945) is a British civil servant.	Denise Platt	21 February 1945
date of birth	Arthur Disbrowe Cotton, OBE (15 January 1879 -- 27 December 1962) was an English plant pathologist, mycologist, phycologist, and botanist.	Arthur Disbrowe Cotton	1879
date of birth	Norberto do Amaral (born 17 February 1956) is the Bishop of Diocese of Maliana, East Timor.	Norberto do Amaral	17 February 1956
date of birth	Peter Penzoldt (18 January 1925 in Munich -- 21 August 1969 in Geneva) was the author of The Supernatural in Fiction (1952), a major critical study of the weird tale.	Peter Penzoldt	18 January 1925
date of birth	Keith Dewhurst (born 24 December 1931) is an English playwright and television scriptwriter.	Keith Dewhurst	24 December 1931
date of birth	Marguerite Burke (born 29 December 1965) is a former Irish international cricketer whose career for the Irish national team spanned from 1993 to 2000.	Marguerite Burke	29 December 1965
date of birth	Ruthe Jackson was born 29 October 1920 Fort Worth, Texas, the oldest daughter of Florence Ector Thompson and John Lyle Thompson.	Ruthe Jackson	29 October 1920
date of birth	Pankaj Pachauri (Hindi: पंकज पचौरी) (born 24 September 1963) is an Indian TV anchor and journalist.	Pankaj Pachauri	24 September 1963
date of birth	Febby Angguni (born 8 July 1991 in Bandung is an Indonesian badminton player.	Febby Angguni	8 July 1991
date of birth	Amrit Singh (born 1969) is a human rights lawyer for the National Security and Counterterrorism program at the Open Society Justice Initiative.	Amrit Singh	1969
date of birth	Sir Hector Munro, 2nd Baronet of Foulis (born August 1635) was a Scottish noble and clan chief of the highland Clan Munro.	Sir Hector Munro, 2nd Baronet	1635
date of birth	Eric Moonman (born 29 April 1929, Liverpool) was a British Labour politician.	Eric Moonman	29 April 1929
date of birth	Sir Jacob Bancks (also Banks, Bankes, Banckes) (1662--1724) was a Swedish naval officer in the British service.	Jacob Bancks	1662
date of birth	Rogério Zimmermann, (born 10 June 1965) is a Brazilian coach of Campeonato Brasileiro Série B club Brasil de Pelotas.	Rogério Zimmermann	10 June 1965
date of birth	Angelo Pizzi (1775 -- Venice, 1819) was an Italian sculptor, active in a Neoclassical style.	Angelo Pizzi	1775
date of birth	Shimon Levinson (born 1933) was a senior Israeli intelligence officer who was arrested for spying for the Soviet Union in 1991.	Shimon Levinson	1933
date of birth	Lloyd Dugger (1926--May 26, 2005), better known as Doug Dugger, was an American country music singer with a religious style that led him to be dubbed the ``Chaplain of Country Music.''	Doug Dugger	1926
date of birth	Jannie Boshoff (born 13 January 1986) is a South African rugby union footballer.	Jannie Boshoff	13 January 1986
date of birth	Yang Yuliang (simplified Chinese: 杨玉良; traditional Chinese: 楊玉良; pinyin: Yáng Yùliáng; born November 1952) is a Chinese educator and chemist.	Yang Yuliang	1952
date of birth	Dimitrios Kalapothakis (1865 -- 27 May 1921) was a Greek reporter and founder of the newspaper Embros (``Forward'').	Dimitrios Kalapothakis	1865
date of birth	Julia Blackburn (born 1948) is a British author of both fiction and non-fiction.	Julia Blackburn	1948
date of birth	Igor Bobček (born 6 October 1983 in Myjava) is a Slovak ice hockey defenceman who last played for the Manchester Storm of the Elite Ice Hockey League (UK).	Igor Bobček	6 October 1983
date of birth	Dame Anne Mandall Johnson (born 30 January 1954) is a British epidemiologist, known for her work in the areas of HIV, sexually transmitted infections and infectious diseases.	Anne Mandall Johnson	30 January 1954
date of birth	Damien Robitaille (born 1981) is a Franco-Ontarian musician from the village of Lafontaine, Ontario, which is located in the Georgian Bay area, two hours north-west of Toronto.	Damien Robitaille	1981
date of birth	Anastasia, Princess of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg, née Princess Anastasia of Prussia (14 February 1944) is the consort of Alois-Konstantin, 9th Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg.	Anastasia, Princess of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg	14 February 1944
date of birth	Eric Honegger Pierre Antoine (born 29 April 1946 in Zurich, a native of Rüschlikon and Fischenthal ) is a Swiss politician member of the FDP.The Liberals party, and manager.	Eric Honegger	29 April 1946
date of birth	Ioan Lemeni (22 April, 1780 -- 29 March, 1861) was Bishop of Făgăraş and Primate of the Romanian Greek Catholic Church from 1833 to his resignation in 1850.	Ioan Lemeni	22 April, 1780
date of birth	Eumone Baratta (born 1823) was an Italian sculptor.	Eumone Baratta	1823
date of birth	Mohammad Hanif Atmar (Pashto:محمد حنیف اتمر; born 1968) was the Interior Minister of Afghanistan.	Mohammad Hanif Atmar	1968
date of birth	Michèle Bernard (French: (miʃɛl bɛʁnaʁ), born 26 October 1947) is a French singer and songwriter.	Michèle Bernard	26 October 1947
date of birth	Tito Falaschi (born Rodrigo Falaschi in Rio de Janeiro, 8 May 1977) is a Brazilian multi-instrumentalist and a heavy metal singer.	Tito Falaschi	8 May 1977
date of birth	George Fayerweather III (1802--1869) was a blacksmith and activist for abolitionism.	George Fayerweather	1802
date of birth	Leo Green (30 August 1972) is a British musician, broadcaster, producer, actor, musical arranger and concert promoter.	Leo Green	30 August 1972
date of birth	Randy Fischer (born c. 1951) is a legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado.	Randy Fischer	1951
date of birth	Francesco Brancati (1607 in Sicily -- 1671 in China) was an Italian Jesuit missionary.	Francesco Brancati	1607
date of birth	Carlos Reynaldo Lacayo Lacayo (born 1950 in Diriamba, Nicaragua).	Carlos Reynaldo Lacayo	1950
date of birth	Charles Cottier (born 27 October 1992) is an Australian actor, perhaps best known for portraying Dexter Walker on the Australian soap opera Home and Away.	Charles Cottier	27 October 1992
date of birth	Kadar Brock (born May 28, 1980) is a contemporary abstract artist.	Kadar Brock	1980
date of birth	William Thomas Gilcrease (1890--1962) was an American oilman, art collector and philanthropist.	Thomas Gilcrease	1890
date of birth	Katalin Nemes (born Katalin Frieder on 5 October 1915) was a pianist and teacher.	Katalin Nemes	5 October 1915
date of birth	Jean Bouillet de la Chassaigne (June 1654 -- January 31, 1733) was a soldier in New France.	Jean Bouillet de la Chassaigne	June 1654
date of birth	Conrad Wolfram (born 10 June 1970) is a British technologist and businessman known for his work in information technology and its application.	Conrad Wolfram	10 June 1970
date of birth	Paul Ross (born 31 December 1956) is a British television and radio presenter, journalist and media personality.	Paul Ross	31 December 1956
date of birth	Andrew Parnell (born 17 February 1954, in Buxton, Derbyshire, England) is an organist and harpsichordist.	Andrew Parnell	17 February 1954
date of birth	Gitanjali Rao (born 1972) is an Indian theatre artist, animator and film maker.	Gitanjali Rao	1972
date of birth	William Douglas, 2nd Lord Mordington (27 September 1626 - after 1671) was the eldest son and heir of Sir James Douglas, 1st Lord Mordington (died 1656) by his spouse Anne, daughter of Lawrence Oliphant, 5th Lord Oliphant.	William Douglas, 2nd Lord Mordington	27 September 1626
date of birth	Helga Margrét Þorsteinsdóttir (born 15 November 1991 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic heptathlete.	Helga Margrét Þorsteinsdóttir	15 November 1991
date of birth	John Cordes (1890 - ?) was a detective in the New York Police Department and the only detective to win the department's Medal of Honor twice.	John Cordes	1890
date of birth	Mary Onyali-Omagbemi (née Onyali, born 3 February 1968) is a Nigerian sprinter, who won the bronze medal in the 4 × 100 m relay at the 1992 Olympic Games and in the 200 m at the 1996 Olympic Games.	Mary Onyali-Omagbemi	3 February 1968
date of birth	Pieter de Carpentier (19 February 1586 -- 5 September 1659) was a Dutch, or Flemish, administrator of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) who served as Governor-General there from 1623 to 1627.	Pieter de Carpentier	1586
date of birth	Jacob Mar Theophilos (born 21 February 1891, Olassa, Kottayam, Kerala - died 27 June 1956, Tiruvalla, Kerala) was the co-builder of the Reunion Movement and the first bishop of Eparchy of Tiruvalla of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church.	Jacob Mar Theophilos	21 February 1891
date of birth	Herman or Hermann Ziegner (1864 -- September 9, 1898) was a German-American soldier who served in the U.S. Army during the Indian Wars and the Spanish--	Hermann Ziegner	1864
date of birth	Zef Gashi (Serbian: Зеф Гаши, Zef Gaši) (born 4 December 1938) is an ethnic Albanian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church in Montenegro.	Zef Gashi	4 December 1938
date of birth	Wang Beixing (Chinese: 王北星; pinyin: Wáng Běixīng; born 10 March 1985) is a Chinese long track speed skater, specializing in short distances (500 m and 1000 m).	Wang Beixing	10 March 1985
date of birth	Helen Latham (born 2 March 1976, in the UK) is a British actress.	Helen Latham	2 March 1976
date of birth	Alex Bailin QC, born 23 January 1969, is an English barrister specialising in human rights at Matrix Chambers.	Alex Bailin	23 January 1969
date of birth	Sally Pilbeam (1978) is an arm amputee Australian paratriathlete.	Sally Pilbeam	1978
date of birth	Toffael Rashid (Bengali: তুফায়েল রশিদ; born May 1973) is an English global marketing professional who works for Robi Axiata Limited as Executive Vice President, and Head of Brand and Market Communications.	Toffael Rashid	May 1973
date of birth	George Coles Stebbins (1846--1945) gospel song writer.	George Coles Stebbins	1846
date of birth	Halyna Kolotnytska (Ukrainian: Галина Колотницька, née Halyna Koschiy; b. 1972) is a Ukrainian nurse and a former member of her country's Antarctic research mission.	Halyna Kolotnytska	1972
date of birth	Ibon Begoña Zubiaur (born 17 November 1973) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back, and the current assistant coach of UD Atlético Isleño.	Ibon Begoña	17 November 1973
date of birth	Zoe Arancini (born 14 July 1991) is an Australian club water polo player who plays driver, counter-attacker, or outside shooter.	Zoe Arancini	14 July 1991
date of birth	Marti Emerald (born 1955) is a California politician and former television journalist.	Marti Emerald	1955
date of birth	Sally Chen or Chen Shali (陳莎莉) (born 1948 in Qingdao, China) is a Taiwanese actress.	Sally Chen	1948
date of birth	Ohad Meromi, sculptor, born 1967, Kibbutz Mizra, Israel.	Ohad Meromi	1967
date of birth	Louis Theodor Kipp (7 March 1862 -- 2 April 1931) was a German jurist who is perhaps best known for his theory of ``double nullity'', under which a null contract can be challenged in some circumstances.	Theodor Kipp	1862
date of birth	Dino Dibra (18 April 1975 -- 14 October 2000) was an Albanian-Australian suspected murderer and a victim of the infamous Melbourne gangland killings.	Dino Dibra	18 April 1975
date of birth	David Alan Ezra (born 1947) is a Senior District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii.	David Alan Ezra	1947
date of birth	Nell Ní Chróinín (born 1990) is an Irish sean-nós singer from the Muskerry Gaeltacht in County Cork.	Nell Ní Chróinín	1990
date of birth	Anat Biletzki (Hebrew: ענת בילצקי‎, born 1952) is a professor of philosophy at Tel Aviv University and Quinnipiac University in Hamden, CT.	Anat Biletzki	1952
date of birth	Sara Rudner (born 16 February 1944) is an American dancer, choreographer and dance educator.	Sara Rudner	16 February 1944
date of birth	Patricia DuBose Duncan (born 1932) is an artist living in Topsham, Maine.	Patricia DuBose Duncan	1932
date of birth	Kyai Hajji Mas Mansoer (Perfected Spelling: Mas Mansur; 25 June 1896 -- 25 April 1946) was an Indonesian Islamic scholar and a national hero.	Mas Mansoer	25 June 1896
date of birth	Lam Hok Hei (Chinese: 林學曦; Jyutping: lam4 hok6 hei1, born 18 September 1991 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player who plays for Hong Kong side South China.	Lam Hok Hei	18 September 1991
date of birth	Simon Conway Morris FRS (born 6 November 1951; note that his surname is ``Conway Morris'') is an English palaeontologist who is best known for his detailed and careful study of the fossils of the Burgess Shale, and of the scientific concept of Cambrian explosion.	Simon Conway Morris	6 November 1951
date of birth	Dr. Otho Fulton (1868--1938) was an American inventor with a number of inventions in facsimile transmissions, including the fultograph.	Otho Fulton	1868
date of birth	Ali Ghazal (Arabic; علي احمد علي محمد غزال ; born 1 February 1992) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Portuguese club Nacional.	Ali Ghazal	1 February 1992
date of birth	William Henry Thomas (1920--2009) was a delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates representing District 35, which covered Dorchester, Talbot, and Wicomico Counties.	William Henry Thomas	1920
date of birth	Henning Dahl Mikkelsen (1915 - June 4, 1982) was a Danish cartoonist, best known for creation of the long running newspaper comic strip Ferd'nand, which he signed as Mik.	Henning Dahl Mikkelsen	1915
date of birth	Daniel Ford (born 1931) is an American journalist, novelist, and historian.	Daniel Ford	1931
date of birth	Annisette Koppel (born 29 August 1948, née Annisette Hansen) is a Danish singer.	Annisette Koppel	29 August 1948
date of birth	Brother Adrien Rivard (1890-1969) was a Canadian botanist.	Brother Adrien Rivard	1890
date of birth	Luca Zingaretti (Italian pronunciation: (ˈluːka ddziŋɡaˈretti); born 11 November 1961) is an Italian actor, known for playing Salvo Montalbano in Il commissario Montalbano mystery series based on the character and novels created by Andrea Camilleri.	Luca Zingaretti	11 November 1961
date of birth	Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri (Malayalam: കൈതപ്രം ദാമോദരന്‍ നമ്പൂതിരി) (born 1 January 1950), popularly known as Kaithapram, is a lyricist, music director, actor, singer, screenwriter, and performer of Carnatic music.	Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri	1 January 1950
date of birth	Alastair Seeley (born 4 October 1979 in Carrickfergus) is a motorcycle road racer, currently competing in the British Superbike Championship aboard a BMW S1000R.	Alastair Seeley	4 October 1979
date of birth	Sir Sydney Russell-Wells, FRCP (25 September 1869-- 14 July 1924) was a British physician and politician.	Sydney Russell-Wells	25 September 1869
date of birth	Abbi Glines (Abigail Glines) (B. 16 April 1977) is an American New York Times, USA Today, and Wall Street Journal bestselling novelist.	Abbi Glines	16 April 1977
date of birth	Mani Nagappa (born 1925) is an Indian sculptor who is known for creating statues of prominent personalities and political leaders of Tamil Nadu.	Mani Nagappa	1925
date of birth	David Hulin (born 1975) is a British born Animation Director and VFX Director based in New York, best known for his work with iconic animated characters such as the GEICO Gecko, and his contribution to the Computer Graphics and Visual Effects industry.	David Hulin	1975
date of birth	Richard Sakwa (born 1953) is Professor of Russian and European politics at the University of Kent.	Richard Sakwa	1953
date of birth	Al-Mansur al-Qasim al-Iyyani (922? -- July 11, 1003) was an imam of the Zaidi state in Yemen who briefly reestablished a comprehensive Zaidi realm in the years 999--1002.	Al-Mansur al-Qasim al-Iyyani	922
date of birth	Iana Salenko (Ukrainian: Яна Саленко; born 19 July 1983) is a Ukrainian ballerina.	Iana Salenko	19 July 1983
date of birth	William Michael Albert Broad (born 30 November 1955), known professionally by his stage name Billy Idol, is an English rock musician, songwriter and actor.	Billy Idol	30 November 1955
date of birth	Chrétien Waydelich (born 28 November 1841, date of death unknown) was a French croquet player and Olympic champion.	Chrétien Waydelich	28 November 1841
date of birth	Sara Soskolne (born 1970) is a Canadian type designer best known for her work at Hoefler & Frere-Jones (H&FJ) type foundry on typefaces such as Gotham.	Sara Soskolne	1970
date of birth	Jamie Redfern (born 9 April 1957) is an English-born Australian television presenter and pop singer.	Jamie Redfern	1957
date of birth	Maurice Moore (1897 -- 28 April 1921) was an Irish republican who fought in the Irish War of Independence.	Maurice Moore	1897
date of birth	Thomas Ingmire is an American calligrapher, born in 1942 in Fort Wayne, Indiana.	Thomas Ingmire	1942
date of birth	Kenn Kaufman (born 1954) is an American author, artist, naturalist, and conservationist, known for his work on several popular field guides of birds and butterflies in North America.	Kenn Kaufman	1954
date of birth	Bassam Abu Sharif (Arabic: بسام أبو شريف‎; born 1946) is a former senior adviser to Yasser Arafat and leading cadre of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO).	Bassam Abu Sharif	1946
date of birth	Josep Gausachs Armengol (1889--1959), better known as Josep Gausachs or José Gausachs, was a Catalan artist active in Spain, France and the Dominican Republic.	Josep Gausachs	1889
date of birth	Rabbi Benzion Rakow, (1925-1985), was a communal rabbi and rosh yeshiva of Chayei Olam Yeshiva in Golders Green, London.	Benzion Rakow	1925
date of birth	Patrice Meyer (b. 18 December 1957) is a French electric guitarist active in Jazz, Jazz rock, Progressive rock and Canterbury scene bands.	Patrice Meyer	18 December 1957
date of birth	Perry Groves (born 19 April 1965) is a former English footballer, known chiefly for his time at Arsenal.	Perry Groves	19 April 1965
date of birth	Andrea Chen, also known as Chen Kuangyi, (traditional Chinese: 陳匡怡; simplified Chinese: 陈匡怡; pinyin: Chén Kuāngyí) was born on 20 November 1987, in Taiwan.	Andrea Chen	20 November 1987
date of birth	Eleri Siôn (Welsh pronunciation: (ɛˈleːri ˈʃoːn); born Eleri Jones in 1971) is a Welsh radio and television presenter.	Eleri Siôn	1971
date of birth	Mark Griskey (born in 1963) is an American composer who has composed for such popular games as Marvel Heroes (video game), Star Wars:	Mark Griskey	1963
date of birth	Gunilla Tjernberg (1950--) is a Swedish Christian Democratic politician.	Gunilla Tjernberg	1950
date of birth	Jens Härtel (born 7 June 1969) is a retired German football player who manages 1.	Jens Härtel	7 June 1969
date of birth	He Shu (Chinese: 何蜀; born 1948 in Chongqing) is a magazine editor and historian of the Chinese Cultural Revolution.	He Shu	1948
date of birth	Remigius van Rheni (1560, Brussels -- c.1620), was a Flemish Baroque painter.	Remigius van Rheni	1560
date of birth	Tim Matavž (born 13 January 1989) is a Slovenian football player who plays as a striker for Genoa, on loan from FC Augsburg.	Tim Matavž	13 January 1989
date of birth	Wang Xinxian (Chinese: 王新宪; born November 1954) is a Chinese public figure, currently serving as the Director-General of the China Disabled Persons' Federation.	Wang Xinxian	November 1954
date of birth	Candice Yu (Yu On On) born Yu De Ying on 22 October 1959) is a Hong Kong film actress and occasional singer, best known for her films with Shaw Brothers Studio of the 1970s and 1980s.	Candice Yu	22 October 1959
date of birth	Peter Schöttel (born 26 March 1967) is a retired Austrian footballer and now a manager.	Peter Schöttel	26 March 1967
date of birth	John Rumbiak (born 1962), is a West Papuan human rights and environment activist.	John Rumbiak	1962
date of birth	Harold Henning (3 October 1934 -- 1 January 2004) was a South African professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and the Senior PGA Tour.	Harold Henning	3 October 1934
date of birth	C. P. Sadashivaiah (Chikkanayakanahalli Prabhanna Sadashivaiah) (9 January 1931 - 2 June 2007) was an Indian freedom fighter who later became an industrialist, philanthropist and inventor.	C. P. Sadashivaiah	9 January 1931
date of birth	Rao Xueman (simplified Chinese: 饶雪漫; traditional Chinese: 饒雪漫; pinyin: Ráo Xuĕmàn; born 11 December 1972) is a Chinese best-selling author, novelist, short story writer.	Rao Xueman	11 December 1972
date of birth	Tsogto Garmayevich Badmazhapov (1879-1937) was a translator, Mongolist, and discoverer of the city of Khara-Khoto.	Tsogto Garmayevich Badmazhapov	1879
date of birth	Silke Gnad also known as Silke Fittinger (born 20 November 1966) is a German handball player.	Silke Gnad	20 November 1966
date of birth	Arkadiusz Bąk (Polish pronunciation: (arˈkadjuʂ ˈbɔŋk)) (born 6 October 1974) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Flota Świnoujście.	Arkadiusz Bąk	6 October 1974
date of birth	Sir John Graham Dalyell (August 1775 -- 7 June 1851) was a Scottish advocate, antiquary and naturalist	John Graham Dalyell	1775
date of birth	Joan Daemen (Dutch pronunciation: (joːˈɑn ˈdaːmə(n)); born 1965) is a Belgian cryptographer who co-designed the Rijndael cipher with Vincent Rijmen, which was selected as the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) in 2001.	Joan Daemen	1965
date of birth	J. Budziszewski (born 1952) is professor of government at the University of Texas, Austin, where he has taught since 1981.	J. Budziszewski	1952
date of birth	Dr. Thomas F. Collura, Ph.D., PE (born 1952) is President of BrainMaster Technologies Incorporated, and Clinical Director of the Brain Enrichment Center, both located in Bedford, Ohio and is a past president of the International Society for Neurofeedback & Research (ISNR).	Thomas F. Collura	1952
date of birth	Major Ridge, The Ridge (and sometimes Pathkiller II) (c. 1771 -- June 22, 1839) (also known as Nunnehidihi, and later Ganundalegi) was a Cherokee leader, a member of the tribal council, and a lawmaker.	Major Ridge	1771
date of birth	Rajeev Masand (born 1979) is an Indian film critic and entertainment reporter for Noida, Uttar Pradesh-based English language news channel CNN-Indian Broadcasting Network (CNN-IBN).	Rajeev Masand	1979
date of birth	Sir Dominick Daly (11 August 1798 -- 19 February 1868) was the Governor of Prince Edward Island from 11 July 1854 to 25 May 1859 and later Governor of South Australia from 4 March 1862 until his death on 19 February 1868.	Dominick Daly	11 August 1798
date of birth	Navakana Shankaranarayana Bhat (Kannada:ಶಂಕರ ನಾರಾಯಣ ಭಟ್) (1927--2013) was a renowned school head-master, social worker and scholar.	Navakana Shankaranarayana Bhat	1927
date of birth	Paul Yao N'Dré (born 29 December 1956) is an Ivorian politician and magistrate who was President of the Constitutional Council of Côte d'Ivoire from 2009 to 2011.	Paul Yao N'Dré	29 December 1956
date of birth	Robert Baća (born 19 September 1949 in Zagreb, Croatia) is a sculptor and painter.	Robert Baća	19 September 1949
date of birth	Roberto Morandotti (born 29 November 1967) is a physicist and full Professor, working in the Energy Materials Telecommunications Department of the Institut National de la Recherche Scientifique (INRS-EMT, Montreal, Canada).	Roberto Morandotti	29 November 1967
date of birth	Maciej Rosiewicz (born 31 July 1977) is a Polish race walker representing Georgia.	Maciej Rosiewicz	31 July 1977
date of birth	Jane McCrea (sometimes spelled McCrae or MacCrae, 1752 -- July 27, 1777) was a young woman who was slain by Native Americans associated with the British army of Lieutenant General John Burgoyne during the American Revolutionary War.	Jane McCrea	1752
date of birth	Rok Baskera (born 26 May 1993) is a Slovenian footballer playing for Olimpija as a winger.	Rok Baskera	26 May 1993
date of birth	Ahmed Salama (Arabic: أحمد سلامة‎; born 5 February 1981) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Al-Khabourah SC in Oman Professional League.	Ahmed Salama	5 February 1981
date of birth	Tamaryn Hendler (born 12 August 1992), better known as Tammy Hendler, is a Belgian tennis player.	Tamaryn Hendler	12 August 1992
date of birth	Thomson Jay Hudson (born Windham, Ohio, USA, February 22, 1834) was chief examiner of the US Patent Office and psychical researcher, known for his three laws of psychic phenomena, which were first published in 1893.	Thomson Jay Hudson	1834
date of birth	Muminjon Abdullaev (born 24 December 1989) is a Uzbekistani Greco-Roman wrestler who won a bronze medal at the 2010 Asian Wrestling Championships in the 96 kg division.	Muminjon Abdullaev	24 December 1989
date of birth	Nita Bahtiri (born 26 February 1993 in Prishtinë, Kosovo) is a Kosovo Albanian singer and pianist.	Nita Bahtiri	26 February 1993
date of birth	Allen Kearns (14 August 1894 -- 20 April 1956) was a Canadian-born singer and actor.	Allen Kearns	14 August 1894
date of birth	Caroline Warner Hightower (born 1935) is an American development and fundraising consultant and former executive director of the American Institute of Graphic Arts (AIGA).	Caroline Warner Hightower	1935
date of birth	Paul Nagle (born 29 August 1978) is an Irish rally co-driver.	Paul Nagle	29 August 1978
date of birth	Sandra Perković (born 21 June 1990) is a Croatian discus thrower, reigning European and Olympic champion.	Sandra Perković	21 June 1990
date of birth	Leona Paraminski (born 22 August 1979) is a Croatian theatre, film and television actress.	Leona Paraminski	22 August 1979
date of birth	Mark Coulier (born 1964) is a British make-up artist and prosthetic makeup expert, who has worked in Harry Potter film series, X-Men and The Mummy Returns.	Mark Coulier	1964
date of birth	Simon Paulli (6 April 1603 -- 25 April 1680), was a Danish physician and naturalist.	Simon Paulli	6 April 1603
date of birth	Hieronymus Bock (Latinised Tragus) (1498 -- February 21, 1554) was a German botanist, physician, and Lutheran minister who began the transition from medieval botany to the modern scientific worldview by arranging plants by their relation or resemblance.	Hieronymus Bock	1498
date of birth	Sophia Danenberg (born 1972) is an American mountain climber best known as the first African American and the first black woman to climb to the summit of Mount Everest, the world's tallest mountain.	Sophia Danenberg	1972
date of birth	Irena Žerjal (born 20 April 1940) is a Slovene poet, writer and translator who also used the pen name Maja Tul in her early work.	Irena Žerjal	20 April 1940
date of birth	August Schmölzer (born 27 June 1958) is an Austrian actor and writer.	August Schmölzer	27 June 1958
date of birth	Karim Fegrouche (Arabic: كريم فجرك‎; born 14 February 1982) is a Moroccan footballer.	Karim Fegrouche	14 February 1982
date of birth	Chief Oshkosh (also spelled Os-kosh or Oskosh) (1795--August 29, 1858) was the chief of the Menominee American Indians from 1827 until his death.	Chief Oshkosh	1795
date of birth	Lior Miller (born 13 February 1972) is an Israeli film and television actor.	Lior Miller	13 February 1972
date of birth	Ferdinand Leon (born 1922) was an African American writer who wrote for television shows.	Ferdinand Leon	1922
date of birth	Rebecca Stott (born 1964) is a British academic, broadcaster, novelist and a professor at the University of East Anglia.	Rebecca Stott	1964
date of birth	Iver C. Olsen (1904 -- November 5, 1960) was an accountant for the Office of Strategic Services and the War Refugee Board in Stockholm during World War II. In that latter capacity he provided WRB funds to Raoul Wallenberg in his efforts to rescue the Hungarian Jews.	Iver C. Olsen	1904
date of birth	Ian Krykorka (born 1975) is a Toronto-based children's author.	Ian Krykorka	1975
date of birth	Rani Taj (Urdu: رانی تاج) (born 3 October 1993) is a British Pakistani dhol player from Birmingham, United Kingdom.	Rani Taj	3 October 1993
date of birth	Kim Chol (ca. 1960--2012) was a Vice Minister in the North Korean Army who was allegedly purged and executed in spectacular fashion for ``drinking and carousing'' during the period of mourning for Kim Jong-il.	Kim Chol	1960
date of birth	Paul Beynon-Davies (born 1957) is a British academic, author and consultant.	Paul Beynon-Davies	1957
date of birth	Vivian Hösch (born 18 March 1991) is a visually impaired German biathlete and cross-country skier.	Vivian Hösch	18 March 1991
date of birth	Domenico Manetti (1609--1663) was at Italian painter.	Domenico Manetti	1609
date of birth	Alicia Aberley (born 29 March 1984) is an Australian swimmer with an intellectual disability.	Alicia Aberley	29 March 1984
date of birth	John C. Sanford (born 1950) is an American plant geneticist, and an advocate of intelligent design and creationism.	John C. Sanford	1950
date of birth	Sergey Gomonov (Belarusian: Сяргей Гоманаў (Syarhey Homanaw), Russian: Серге́й Гомонов; 29 June 1961 -- 19 September 2010) was a Soviet and Belarusian footballer and later a coach.	Sergey Gomonov	29 June 1961
date of birth	Salesh Kumar (born 28 July 1981) is a Fijian football midfielder who currently plays for Mangere United in the Northern League (New Zealand).	Salesh Kumar	28 July 1981
date of birth	Eden Kane is the stage name of Richard Graham Sarstedt (born 29 March 1940).	Eden Kane	29 March 1940
date of birth	Tommy Hays (born Thomas Avery Hays in Hartshorne, Oklahoma, in 1929) is a guitarist, band leader and vocalist; and is one of the last living members of the great musicians who created The Bakersfield Sound.	Tommy Hays	1929
date of birth	Simon Dushinsky (born 1972) is an American real estate developer who co-owns the New York City-based Rabsky Group with his partner, Isaac Rabinowitz.	Simon Dushinsky	1972
date of birth	Franciszek Ksawery Liske (18 October 1838 -- 27 February 1891) was a Polish historian, a founder of the Lwów's historical school (lwowska szkoła historyczna), a founder and first chairman of the Polish Historical Society (Polskie Towarzystwo Historyczne), director of the Archiwum Krajowe Aktów Grodzkich i Ziemskich we Lwowie.	Ksawery Liske	18 October 1838
date of birth	Barrie Leadbeater (born 14 August 1943, Harehills, Leeds, Yorkshire, England) is a retired English first-class cricketer and umpire.	Barrie Leadbeater	14 August 1943
date of birth	Zouhair Feddal Agharbi (born 1 January 1989), also known as Zou Feddal, is a Moroccan international footballer who plays for Spanish club Levante.	Zouhair Feddal	1 January 1989
date of birth	Madjid Bougherra (Arabic: مجيد بوغرة‎; born 7 October 1982) an Algerian professional footballer who currently plays for Al-Fujairah in the UAE Arabian Gulf League.	Madjid Bougherra	7 October 1982
date of birth	Peggy Feury (30 June 1924 -- 20 November 1985) (born Margaret Feury) was an actress on Broadway, in films, and on television.	Peggy Feury	30 June 1924
date of birth	Caroline Feraday (born 25 May 1977) is an English television and radio broadcaster currently living and working in Los Angeles.	Caroline Feraday	25 May 1977
date of birth	Helge Midttun (born 1955) is a Norwegian businessperson and since 2006 CEO of Aker BioMarine and Chairman of Rieber & Søn.	Helge Midttun	1955
date of birth	Allan Olesen (born 25 January 1974) is a former Danish professional football (soccer) defender.	Allan Olesen	25 January 1974
date of birth	Abraham Frumkin (1872--1946), the son of Israel Dov Frumkin, was a prominent Jewish anarchist best known as a contributor to the daily Yiddische Welt of New York.	Abraham Frumkin	1872
date of birth	Frank Hackinson (né Francis J. Hackinson; 7 July 1927) was the CEO and president of Columbia Pictures Publications.	Frank Hackinson	7 July 1927
date of birth	Muhammed Zakaria Goneim (زكريا غنيم) (alt. spelling: Muhammad Zakarīya Ghunaim, 1905--1959) was an Egyptian archaeologist, known for his discoveries in and around Saqqara.	Zakaria Goneim	1905
date of birth	Kinaryosih (born 3 March 1979) is an Indonesian actress and model.	Kinaryosih	3 March 1979
date of birth	Nanya was born around 1835 and was of the Maraura tribe of the lower Darling area in the south-western corner New South Wales.	Nanya	1835
date of birth	Mirjana Božović (born 1987) was the first official ``Miss Serbia,'' in 2007.	Mirjana Božović	1987
date of birth	Kerstin Ringberg, born March 27, 1925 was the first woman to win the Miss Sweden pageant in 1949.	Kerstin Ringberg	1925
date of birth	André Medici (born 28 February 1956, in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian health economist with a background in health strategy, public and private health financing in Latin America and the Caribbean, social security and pensions, economic reform, gender health issues, environmental protection, and globalization.	André Medici	28 February 1956
date of birth	Abdul Majeed Khan Achakzai (born 22 December 1962) is a Pakistani politician from Balochistan affiliated with the Pakhtunkhwa Milli Awami Party.	Abdul Majeed Khan Achakzai	22 December 1962
date of birth	Nadine Beiler (born 27 May 1990) is an Austrian R&B and Pop singer, who won the 3rd season of the Austrian casting show Starmania in 2007.	Nadine Beiler	27 May 1990
date of birth	Graeme Frost (born 1995) gained notoriety in 2007 as a then seventh-grade student from Baltimore who gave the United States Democratic Party weekly radio address on September 28, 2007 promoting the State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) as a living example of someone helped by the program.	Graeme Frost	1995
date of birth	Kei Miller (born 24 October 1978) is an award-winning Jamaican poet, fiction writer, essayist and blogger.	Kei Miller	24 October 1978
date of birth	Joan Elizabeth Rees-Williams, The Hon. Mrs. Aitken (born 1 May 1936) is a Welsh socialite.	Elizabeth Rees-Williams	1 May 1936
date of birth	Gianmarco Gerevini (born 11 May 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays for Portuguese club Atlético CP, on loan from Italian Serie B club Bologna.	Gianmarco Gerevini	11 May 1993
date of birth	John Barraclough Fell (1815 -- 18 October 1902), was a British railway engineer and inventor of the Fell mountain railway system.	John Barraclough Fell	1815
date of birth	Shrikar Madiraju, (born 17 July 1975) is an Indian film director.	Shrikar Madiraju	17 July 1975
date of birth	Lilly Scholz (married name Gaillard) (born 18 April 1903; date of death unknown) was an Austrian pair skater.	Lilly Scholz	18 April 1903
date of birth	Andrew Himes (born 1950) is the coordinator of the Business Alliance for the Future.	Andrew Himes	1950
date of birth	Okan Ersan (born 27 April 1972) is a Turkish Cypriot jazz fusion guitarist, composer and record artist.	Okan Ersan	27 April 1972
date of birth	Vyacheslav Knyazev (born on 22 May 1974) is a retired Tajikistani footballer who played for the Tajikistan national football team.	Vyacheslav Knyazev	22 May 1974
date of birth	José María Benítez (1790--1855) was a Venezuelan physician and botanist known for his efforts to prevent and combat cholera, and for recognition of the medicinal properties of Cinchona trees to treat malaria.	José María Benítez	1790
date of birth	Michael Bolster (born 1967) is an Irish head chef.	Michael Bolster	1967
date of birth	Grzegorz Walasek (ˈɡrzɛɡɔrz vaˈlasɛk) (born 29 August 1976) is a Polish speedway rider who has ridden for the Polish national team and has also competed in the Speedway Grand Prix series.	Grzegorz Walasek	29 August 1976
date of birth	Nathan Burgers (born May 1979 in Ayr, Queensland) is an Australian professional field hockey goalkeeper.	Nathan Burgers	May 1979
date of birth	Michaela Konrad (born 1972 in Graz) is an Austrian illustrator and artist.	Michaela Konrad	1972
date of birth	Jeff Matsuda (born 1970) is a Japanese-American concept artist, comics artist, and animator.	Jeff Matsuda	1970
date of birth	Sangeet Verma (born 1971) is an Indian photographer and photojournalist.	Sangeet Verma	1971
date of birth	Owen Abrahams (25 July 1933 -- 31 January 2006) was an Australian rules footballer in the VFL.	Owen Abrahams	25 July 1933
date of birth	Jean Zimmerman (born 1957) is an American author, poet and historian.	Jean Zimmerman	1957
date of birth	Alain Gaspoz (born 16 May 1970 in Versegères) is a Swiss-Beninese football player who, is playing for FC Bagnes.	Alain Gaspoz	16 May 1970
date of birth	Petrus Wijtse Winkel (13 June 1909 -- 21 April 2012) was a Dutch colonial administrator in the Netherlands East Indies and centenarian.	Petrus Wijtse Winkel	13 June 1909
date of birth	John Joseph Wardle (born 11 August 1958), known by the stage name Jah Wobble, is an English bass guitarist, singer, poet and composer.	Jah Wobble	11 August 1958
date of birth	Morris Possoni (born 1 July 1984) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer, who last rode for UCI ProTeam Lampre-ISD.	Morris Possoni	1 July 1984
date of birth	Branislav Jovanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранислав Јовановић; born 21 September 1985) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Israeli club Hapoel Acre, as a defensive midfielder.	Branislav Jovanović	21 September 1985
date of birth	Majid Motalebi (Persian: مجید مطلبی, born 29 May 1979) is an Iranian Producer and Executive Producer.	Majid Motalebi	29 May 1979
date of birth	Tim McIntyre (born 9 April 1989) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Tim McIntyre	9 April 1989
date of birth	Ted Fang (Chinese: 方庆文; pinyin: Fāng Qìngwén, born 6 January 1967) is a Singaporean businessman, investor and hotelier.	Ted Fang	6 January 1967
date of birth	Abou Diop (born 6 October 1993) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Italian club Lecce on loan from Torino.	Abou Diop	6 October 1993
date of birth	Lou Andreas-Salomé (born either Louise von Salomé or Luíza Gustavovna Salomé, Russian: Луиза Густавовна Саломе; 12 February 1861 -- 5 February 1937) was a Russian-born psychoanalyst and author.	Lou Andreas-Salomé	12 February 1861
date of birth	Beena Kak (born 15 February 1954) is an Indian politician and Bollywood actress.	Beena Kak	15 February 1954
date of birth	Papa Eftim II (born Yiorghos Karahisarithis (Greek: Γιώργος Καραχισαρίδης), later changed to Turgut Erenerol; 1920, Ankara - 1991, Istanbul) was the elder son of Papa Eftim I, the founder of the Autocephalous Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate, an unrecognised Orthodox Christian denomination, with strong influences from Turkish nationalist ideology.	Papa Eftim II	1920
date of birth	Paul Seed (born 18 September 1947) is a British television director and former actor.	Paul Seed	18 September 1947
date of birth	Molly Giles (born in 1942) is a short story writer, novelist, and professor at the University of Arkansas.	Molly Giles	1942
date of birth	Elke König (born 28 January 1954) is a German MBA in Business and auditor.	Elke König	28 January 1954
date of birth	Nicole Mones (born 1952) is an American novelist and food writer.	Nicole Mones	1952
date of birth	Subhan Ali Khan Kamboh (born 1766) was an Indian Muslim scholar, son of Ali Hussain Khan Kamboh of Bareilly in Rohilkhand.	Subhan Ali Khan Kamboh	1766
date of birth	Neamat Imam (Bengali: নেয়ামত ইমাম; born 5 January 1971) is a Bangladeshi-Canadian author of literary fiction.	Neamat Imam	5 January 1971
date of birth	Đặng Hữu Phúc (born 1953) is a Vietnamese pianist and composer best known for his film scores.	Đặng Hữu Phúc	1953
date of birth	Kim Donaldson (born 1952 in Southern Rhodesia) is a Zimbabwean artist who specializes in painting the peoples and wildlife of Africa.	Kim Donaldson	1952
date of birth	Miki Yeung (born 14 February 1985) is a Hong Kong cantopop singer and actress.	Miki Yeung	14 February 1985
date of birth	Alice Roth (6 February 1905 -- July 1977) was a Swiss mathematician who made significant contributions to approximation theory.	Alice Roth	6 February 1905
date of birth	Mary Melone, S.F.A. (born 1964) is an Italian Franciscan religious sister and theologian specialising in the life and thought of Saint Anthony of Padua.	Mary Melone	1964
date of birth	E.J. Miller Laino (born 1948) is an American poet, author of Girl Hurt (Alice James Books, 1995).	E.J. Miller Laino	1948
date of birth	Barbara Rütting (born 21 November 1927) is a German film actress, politician and author.	Barbara Rütting	21 November 1927
date of birth	Albert Beckford Jones (born 1958) is an American executive, entrepreneur, chief adviser for the U.S. CRDF, and trustee/CEO to several international boards.	Albert Beckford Jones	1958
date of birth	Marc de Mauny (born March 1, 1971) is a theatre manager and opera producer, currently General Manager of Perm Opera and Ballet Theatre and Executive Producer of the International Diaghilev Festival.	Marc de Mauny	1971
date of birth	Sheila Quigley (born 18 July 1947) is a British author of thrillers.	Sheila Quigley	18 July 1947
date of birth	Riccardo Bergonzi (born 1961) is a contemporary luthier.	Riccardo Bergonzi	1961
date of birth	Charles L. Swain (April 19, 1866 -- February 28, 1933) was a Democratic politician from Cincinnati, Ohio, United States who was Speaker of the Ohio House of Representatives, and an unsuccessful candidate for Ohio's 2nd congressional district.	Charles L. Swain	1866
date of birth	Donald Weilerstein (born 1940) is an American violinist and pedagogue.	Donald Weilerstein	1940
date of birth	Roberto T. Añonuevo (born 1968 Manila) is a Filipino poet and author of award-winning anthologies.	Roberto T. Añonuevo	1968
date of birth	Michael Pinsky (born in 1967) is a visual artist who uses diverse media such as video, performance, mapping systems and sculpture to explore geopolitical aspects of a site.	Michael Pinsky	1967
date of birth	Petter Salsten (born 11 March 1965) is a Norwegian ice hockey player, coach and sports official.	Petter Salsten	11 March 1965
date of birth	Sam Nover (born August 1942) is a retired American sportscaster.	Sam Nover	1942
date of birth	Korvettenkapitän Paul Jacobi (14 July 1887 -- 13 February 1915) was a German Naval officer killed during World War I. He commanded the 8th Torpedo boat half flotilla and was killed when his ship, Torpedoboot V25 hit a British mine in the North Sea.	Paul Jacobi	14 July 1887
date of birth	David Sheffield (born 1948) is an American comedy writer best known for his writing on Saturday Night Live and the screenplays for Coming to America and The Nutty Professor all written in collaboration with Barry W. Blaustein.	David Sheffield	1948
date of birth	Panagiotis Tzanavaras (Greek: Πναγιώτης Τζαναβάρας; born 30 October 1964 in Korinthos, Greece), is a former football player and currently a manager.	Panagiotis Tzanavaras	30 October 1964
date of birth	Wendy Cope, OBE (born 21 July 1945) is a contemporary English poet.	Wendy Cope	21 July 1945
date of birth	Bharath Sriraman (भारतः स्रिरामान) (b. 1971 Bangalore) is an Indian-born mathematician, educator and academic editor, known for his interdisciplinary contributions at the nexus of math-science-arts and theory development in mathematics education, creativity research, and gifted education.	Bharath Sriraman	1971
date of birth	Johann Ewald was born in Kassel, the capital city of the Landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel, on 30 March 1744.	Johann Ewald	30 March 1744
date of birth	Phil Coulter (born 19 February 1942) is an Irish musician, songwriter and record producer.	Phil Coulter	19 February 1942
date of birth	Ya'akov Tzur (Hebrew: יעקב צור‎, born Ya'akov Steinberg on 4 April 1937) is a former Israeli politician who held several ministerial portfolios in the 1980s and 1990s.	Ya'akov Tzur	4 April 1937
date of birth	Laco Déczi (29 March 1938, Bernolákovo, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak-American jazz trumpeter and composer, leader of Jazz Celula New York.	Laco Déczi	29 March 1938
date of birth	Alisdair McLaren (born 1979) is a world champion bagpipe player and the current director of The National Youth Pipe Band of Scotland.	Alisdair McLaren	1979
date of birth	Luke Jericho (born 18 October 1984) is an Australian rules footballer, formerly for Adelaide in the AFL.	Luke Jericho	18 October 1984
date of birth	Sandra Nikčević (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Сандра Никчевић, born 16 November 1984 in Titograd, SR Montenegro, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin handballer, who plays for Osmangazi Belediyespor in Turkey.	Sandra Nikčević	16 November 1984
date of birth	David Whiston (born 8 October 1941) grew up in Yorkshire, England and received violin lessons from his early childhood.	David Whiston	8 October 1941
date of birth	Kumar Rupesinghe (born 1943)is an academic and activist involved in social issues, particularly Human Rights, development issues, processes of globalisation, conflict prevention, conflict resolution and conflict transformation in the light of peacekeeping and peacebuilding for a harmonious coexistence among all peoples in the world.	Kumar Rupesinghe	1943
date of birth	Roberto Quarta (born 1949) is an Italian-American businessman.	Roberto Quarta	1949
date of birth	Adnan Babajić (born 28 May 1988) is a Bosnian singer and television personality, who came to media attention as the winner of talents show Operacija trijumf, and thus signed a recording contract for an album for foreign market with Universal Music Group.	Adnan Babajić	28 May 1988
date of birth	Tom Hornsey (born 17 February 1989) is an Australian-born punter who is currently a free agent.	Tom Hornsey	17 February 1989
date of birth	José da Avé-Maria Leite da Costa e Silva (10 February 1727, Santo Antão -- 30 October 1799, Angra) was the 23rd Bishop of the Diocese of Angra, governing from 1783 to 1799.	José da Avé-Maria Leite da Costa e Silva	10 February 1727
date of birth	Rong Zi is the pen name of Wang Rongzi (born 1928), a Chinese-Taiwanese writer who is considered one of the leading modern day Taiwanese poets.	Rong Zi	1928
date of birth	Taqele Naiyaravoro (born 7 December 1991 in Yasawa Island, Fiji) is an Australian professional rugby union and rugby league footballer.	Taqele Naiyaravoro	7 December 1991
date of birth	Humayun Farkhan (born 4 April 1947, Lyallpur, India) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1964 to 1985.	Humayun Farkhan	4 April 1947
date of birth	Nolan Clark (born 18 March 1984) is a South African rugby union player whose usual playing position is lock.	Nolan Clark	18 March 1984
date of birth	Sir Ken Collins (* 12 August 1939 in Hamilton, Lanarkshire, Scotland) is a former Member of the European Parliament and Chairman of the Scottish Environment Protection Agency.	Ken Collins	12 August 1939
date of birth	Elizabeth Key Grinstead (b. 1630 - d. c. after 1665) was one of the first women of African ancestry in the North American colonies to sue for her freedom from slavery and win.	Elizabeth Key Grinstead	1630
date of birth	Charles Gordon-Lennox, Earl of March and Kinrara DL (born 8 January 1955) is a British aristocrat, eldest son and heir-apparent of the Duke of Richmond, and owner of Goodwood Estate in West Sussex.	Charles Gordon-Lennox, Earl of March and Kinrara	8 January 1955
date of birth	Neil Landon (born Patrick Cahill, 26 July 1941) is an English singer, who has been credited with singing on a number of hits in the UK Singles Chart.	Neil Landon	26 July 1941
date of birth	Noah Mann (15 November 1756 at Northchapel, Sussex -- December 1789 at Northchapel) was a famous English cricketer who played for the Hambledon Club.	Noah Mann	15 November 1756
date of birth	Sophie Heathcote (25 December 1972 -- 5 January 2006) was an Australian actress, primarily known for her television roles, particularly A Country Practice and Water Rats	Sophie Heathcote	25 December 1972
date of birth	Robert Sara (born 9 June 1946) is a former Austrian football player, born in Oberlainsitz, near St. Martin im Waldviertel.	Robert Sara	9 June 1946
date of birth	Johan Puke (1726--1756), was a Swedish officer.	Johan Puke	1726
date of birth	Gérson Alencar de Lima Júnior, better known as Gérson Magrão (born 13 June 1985), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a left winger for CRB.	Gérson Magrão	13 June 1985
date of birth	Orlando Fernández, a.k.a. ``The Puerto Rican Aquaman'' (born 1971), is the first Puerto Rican swimmer to cross the Strait of Gibraltar.	Orlando Fernández	1971
date of birth	Marcus Huxley (born 1949) is an English cathedral organist, who serves in St. Philip's Cathedral, Birmingham.	Marcus Huxley	1949
date of birth	William Douglas, 7th Earl of Morton (1582 -- 7 August 1648) was a grandson of the 6th Earl of Morton.	William Douglas, 7th Earl of Morton	1582
date of birth	Helena Flam (born 2 May 1951) is a Polish-born sociologist and Professor of Sociology at the University of Leipzig, Germany, known for her work on social organization, emotions and social movements.	Helena Flam	2 May 1951
date of birth	Alan Longmuir (born 20 June 1948, Edinburgh, Scotland) was the Scottish bass guitarist for the 1970s pop group, the Bay City Rollers.	Alan Longmuir	20 June 1948
date of birth	Nir Klinger (Hebrew: ניר קלינגר‎; born 25 May 1966) is an Israeli former footballer, Manager and current sports director.	Nir Klinger	25 May 1966
date of birth	Thoniyan Puthiyapurayil Shihabuddin, better known as Shihabuddin Poythumkadavu,(Malayalam: ശിഹാബുദ്ധീൻ പൊയ്ത്തുംകടവ് ; born 29 October 1963) is an Indian writer, journalist, poet, speaker and television personality.	Shihabuddin Poythumkadavu	29 October 1963
date of birth	Astrid Melissa Edwarda Horn Weitzberg (born 8 April 1987), known as Melissa Horn, is a Swedish pop artist.	Melissa Horn	8 April 1987
date of birth	Irina Slyusar (Russian: Ірина Слюсар; born 19 March 1963) is a Ukrainian former track and field sprinter.	Irina Slyusar	19 March 1963
date of birth	Barend Mons (born 1957, The Hague) is a molecular biologist and biosemantics specialist.	Barend Mons	1957
date of birth	Ramachandru Tejavath, born on 9 September 1953, is from Collector Thanda of Warangal district.	Ramachandru Tejavath	9 September 1953
date of birth	Nikolay Vasilyevich Komarov (Russian: Никола́й Васи́льевич Комаро́в; 1831 - after 1875) was a Russian junior commissioned officer (praporshchik) who is commonly considered to be the founder of the city of Vladivostok.	Nikolay Vasilyevich Komarov	1831
date of birth	Jonathan Brent (born 1949) is an American academic, author, and publisher.	Jonathan Brent	1949
date of birth	Luca Baldisserri (born 11 December 1962) is an Italian engineer, currently the chief track engineer for the Ferrari Formula One team.	Luca Baldisserri	11 December 1962
date of birth	Seema Malhotra (born 7 August 1972) is a British Labour and Co-operative Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Feltham and Heston since a by-election was held following the death of Alan Keen in 2011.	Seema Malhotra	7 August 1972
date of birth	Cecilia Dazzi (born 17 October 1969) is an Italian actress, television personality and songwriter.	Cecilia Dazzi	17 October 1969
date of birth	Lawrence Upton (born London 1949, of Cornish origins) is a poet, graphic artist and sound artist, currently directing Writers Forum.	Lawrence Upton	1949
date of birth	Sébastien Izambard (born 7 March 1973) is a French musician, singer, composer, and record producer.	Sébastien Izambard	7 March 1973
date of birth	Miguel Salis (born 1958) is a Spanish entrepreneur and the founder of Eolia Renovables, where he is partner and CEO.	Miguel Salis	1958
date of birth	Jan van Huysum, also spelled Huijsum (15 April 1682 -- 8 February 1749), was a Dutch painter.	Jan van Huysum	15 April 1682
date of birth	Sam Akoitai, born 5 May 1961 in Bougainville, is a Papua New Guinean politician, a member of the United Resources Party.	Sam Akoitai	5 May 1961
date of birth	Viljar Loor (1 October 1953 -- 22 March 2011) was the most successful Estonian volleyball player.	Viljar Loor	1 October 1953
date of birth	Dovilė Dzindzaletaitė (born 14 July 1993) is a Lithuanian track and field athlete, who competes as long and triple jumper.	Dovilė Dzindzaletaitė	14 July 1993
date of birth	Max Hopp (born 20 August 1996) is a German darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation events.	Max Hopp	20 August 1996
date of birth	Vladimir Karabutov (born 22 April 1967) is a Russian former water polo player.	Vladimir Karabutov	22 April 1967
date of birth	Thomas Whittemore (January 2, 1871 -- June 8, 1950) was an American scholar and archaeologist who founded the Byzantine Institute of America.	Thomas Whittemore	1871
date of birth	Ronald Alan Waldron born 9 January 1927 is an English medievalist, considered a pre-eminent expert in the field of early English literature.	Ronald Alan Waldron	9 January 1927
date of birth	Daniel Rirdan (born 1965 in Bene Brak, Israel) is an American author, global strategist, environmentalist, and the Director of Product Development at The Exploration Company.	Daniel Rirdan	1965
date of birth	Jack Revill, better known as Jackmaster, (born 11 January 1986) is a Scottish DJ from Glasgow.	Jackmaster	11 January 1986
date of birth	Nitzan Kaikov (Hebrew: ניצן קייקוב‎; born 11 October 1987), also known as K-KOV, is an Israeli songwriter and music producer.	K-KOV	11 October 1987
date of birth	Darren Mapp (born 8 October 1980 in Albury, New South Wales) is a professional rugby league footballer for the Central Comets in the Queensland Cup.	Darren Mapp	8 October 1980
date of birth	Henrik Norrthon (born 23 November 1979) is a Swedish Director.	Henrik Norrthon	23 November 1979
date of birth	Basnayaka Ralalage Ranjith Siyambalapitiya (born 1 May 1961) (known as Ranjith Siyambalapitiya) is a Sri Lankan politician, member of parliament for the Kegalle District and Cabinet Minister of Telecommunication and Information Technology.	Ranjith Siyambalapitiya	1 May 1961
date of birth	Roelant Savery (or Roeland(t) Maertensz Saverij, or de Savery, or many variants ) (1576 - buried 25 February 1639), was a Flanders-born Dutch Golden Age painter.	Roelant Savery	1576
date of birth	Judith Jacob (born 13 December 1961) is a British actress best known for her role as the health visitor Carmel Roberts in the BBC soap opera EastEnders, a role she played from 1986 to 1989.	Judith Jacob	13 December 1961
date of birth	Mohammad Abdi (Persian:محمد عبدی, Tehran, Iran, 1974 ) is a writer, film critic, and art researcher.	Mohammad Abdi	1974
date of birth	Selina Chilton (born 19 September 1981) is an English actress who has appeared in theatre and television productions.	Selina Chilton	19 September 1981
date of birth	Fala Chen (Chinese: 陳法拉; born 24 February 1982) is a Chinese-born American actress and singer.	Fala Chen	24 February 1982
date of birth	Terry Schreiber (born 7 March 1937) is an American theater director, acting teacher, and founder of the T. Schreiber Studio, in New York.	Terry Schreiber	7 March 1937
date of birth	Erik Holmey (born 25 February 1942) is a Danish actor of the stage and screen with a tall, rugged, handsome presence, often seen as dangerous, high-ranking sidekicks.	Erik Holmey	25 February 1942
date of birth	William Henry Gilder (16 August 1838 -- 1900), was an American soldier, journalist, explorer and writer.	William Henry Gilder	16 August 1838
date of birth	Ana Lovrin (Croatian pronunciation: (âna lǒːʋrin) or (ǎːna-); born 2 December 1953), is a Croatian politician.	Ana Lovrin	2 December 1953
date of birth	Kenneth Kimberlin Brimer, Jr., known as Kim Brimer (born 5 March 1945), is a Republican former member of the Texas State Senate from Fort Worth, Texas.	Kim Brimer	5 March 1945
date of birth	Penny Thomson (14 November 1950, Manila -- 9 July 2007, Edinburgh) was a producer for Britain's Channel Four and former EIFF director.	Penny Thomson	14 November 1950
date of birth	Charles J. Lister (born 1820, London d. 1912, Owen Sound, Ontario) was a central figure in the Restoration Movement in 19th century Canada.	Charles J. Lister	1820
date of birth	Sahibzada Abbas Ali Khan (born 23 November 1978), better known as Abbas Ali Khan is Pakistani singer, songwriter and music producer from Islamabad.	Abbas Ali Khan	23 November 1978
date of birth	Radovan Nastić (Serbian Cyrillic: Радован Настић), also known as Bensedin, born 15 February 1975, in Belgrade (Serbia).	Radovan Nastić	15 February 1975
date of birth	Matthias Quad (1557--1613) was an engraver and cartographer from Cologne.	Matthias Quad	1557
date of birth	Sanchari Vijay (born c. 1983) is an Indian theatre and film actor who primarily works in Kannada cinema, in addition to having worked in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi cinema.	Sanchari Vijay	1983
date of birth	Kayce Freed (born 1958) is a television producer.	Kayce Freed	1958
date of birth	Andrew Orlowski (born 1966) is a British columnist, investigative journalist and the executive editor of the IT news and opinion website The Register.	Andrew Orlowski	1966
date of birth	Karen Henthorn (born 1963) is a British character actress who portrayed the role of Teresa Bryant in the long-running British soap opera Coronation Street.	Karen Henthorn	1963
date of birth	Clive Edwards (born 19 January 1953, Hounslow, Middlesex, England) is a drummer, who is best known as a former member of the British band, UFO (from August 1989 to June 1993).	Clive Edwards	19 January 1953
date of birth	Win Pe Myint (Burmese: ဝင်းဖေမြင့်, pronounced: (wɪ́ɴ pʰè mjɪ̰ɴ); born 1948) is a noted Burmese painter.	Win Pe Myint	1948
date of birth	Herman Peters (1899-1989) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1920s.	Herman Peters	1899
date of birth	Mamdouh Hosny Khalil or Mamdouh Hosni Khalil (born 7 November 1964) is an Egyptian politician.	Mamdouh Hosny Khalil	7 November 1964
date of birth	Jennifer Musa (11 November 1917 -- 13 January 2008) was an Irish-born nurse, second wife of Qazi Musa,is often nicknamed the ``Queen of Baluchistan'' Jennifer Musa was born Bridget Wren at Tarmons, County Kerry in 1917.	Jennifer Musa	11 November 1917
date of birth	Dominique Darel (1950--1978) was a French model and actress, mainly active in Italian cinema.	Dominique Darel	1950
date of birth	Thomas Krol (born 16 August 1992) is a Dutch speed skater who is specialized in the sprint distances and the 1500m.	Thomas Krol	16 August 1992
date of birth	Prakash Puram (born 1955) is President and CEO of iXmatch, and a member of President Bush's Export Council.	Prakash Puram	1955
date of birth	Slobodan Goračinov (Macedonian and Serbian Cyrillic: Cлoбoдaн Гopaчинов ; born 20 January 1963) is a Macedonian football manager and former player.	Slobodan Goračinov	20 January 1963
date of birth	Tatiana Sorokko (Russian: Татьяна Николаевна Сорокко, pronunciation Tatj'ana Nikol'ajevna Sorokko; born 26 December 1971) is a Russian-born American model, fashion journalist and haute couture collector.	Tatiana Sorokko	26 December 1971
date of birth	Rareș Takács (born 10 December 1991) is a Romanian professional football player who plays as a defender for Olimpia Satu Mare.	Rareș Takács	10 December 1991
date of birth	Marcus Steegmann (born 4 February 1982) is a German football player for Viktoria Köln.	Marcus Steegmann	4 February 1982
date of birth	John Breslin (born 1973 in Dublin) is an Irish engineer and lecturer at the National University of Ireland, Galway.	John Breslin	1973
date of birth	Zaine Francis-Angol (born 30 June 1993) is a professional footballer who plays as a left back or left winger for Kidderminster Harriers.	Zaine Francis-Angol	30 June 1993
date of birth	Ceca Krasimirova Dimitrova (born 24 January 1980) more commonly known as Ceci Krasimirova, has been a Bulgarian fashion model since 1990.	Ceci Krasimirova	24 January 1980
date of birth	Michele O'Brien (born 28 June 1980) is a soccer striker who plays for the W-League club Chicago Red Eleven.	Michele O'Brien	28 June 1980
date of birth	Walter Segal (1907 -- 1985) was an architect who developed a system of self-build housing, the Segal self-build method.	Walter Segal	1907
date of birth	Jean Scrivens (Jean Eileen Scrivens; born 15 October 1935 in Camberwell, south London) is a retired British track and field athlete, who competed in the 100 metres.	Jean Scrivens	15 October 1935
date of birth	Yasmina Omrani (Arabic: ياسمينة عمراني‎;born 1 January 1988) is a French-born Algerian track and field athlete who specialises in the heptathlon.	Yasmina Omrani	1 January 1988
date of birth	Willy Kutschbach (27 May 1907 -- 24 June 1978) was a German racing cyclist.	Willy Kutschbach	27 May 1907
date of birth	Elle King (born Tanner Elle Schneider; July 3, 1989) is an American singer, songwriter, and actress.	Elle King	1989
date of birth	Charlotte Mandell (born 1968) is an American literary translator.	Charlotte Mandell	1968
date of birth	Gabriel Gotthard Sweidel, also Sveidel or Sweidell, (1744 - March 22, 1813 Turku) was a Finnish church painter.	Gabriel Gotthard Sweidel	1744
date of birth	Carol Iovanna (born 1952) was a newscaster on Fox News from 1996 to 2006.	Carol Iovanna	1952
date of birth	Shmuel Zakai (born 1963) is an Israeli Brigadier-General who was forcibly discharged from the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) in November 2004 by order of Chief of Staff Moshe Yaalon.	Shmuel Zakai	1963
date of birth	Alberto Arenas de Mesa (born 5 October 1965) is a Chilean economist, academic, and Socialist politician.	Alberto Arenas	5 October 1965
date of birth	Jeanne Camus de Pontcarré, marquise d’Urfé (1705-1775), was a French aristocrat and eccentric widow, with a passion for the occult and alchemy.	Jeanne Camus de Pontcarré	1705
date of birth	Achal Bakeri (born 1960) is an Indian entrepreneur and founder, chairman and managing director of Symphony Limited, the world's largest air-cooler manufacturing company.	Achal Bakeri	1960
date of birth	Catherine Feuillet (born July 1965) is a French geneticist who is the head of trait research at Bayer CropScience and a co-chair of the International Wheat Genome Sequencing Consortium (IWGSC).	Catherine Feuillet	1965
date of birth	Jordan Waring (born 1964, New York) is an American composer.	Jordan Waring	1964
date of birth	Richard Blackstock (born 13 July 1838 -- 3 February 1893) was an English cricketer active in first-class cricket, making four appearances in the 1850s and 1860s.	Richard Blackstock	13 July 1838
date of birth	Gavin Hood (born 12 May 1963) is a South African filmmaker, screenwriter, producer and actor, best known for writing and directing Tsotsi (2005), which won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.	Gavin Hood	12 May 1963
date of birth	John Baragrey (15 April 1918 -- 4 August 1975) was an American film, television, and stage actor who appeared in virtually every dramatic television series of the 1950s and early 1960s.	John Baragrey	1918
date of birth	Edmilson de Carvalho Barbosa (born 5 May 1979 in Sao Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer who currently played for Federação de Futebol de Mato Grosso do Sul.	Edmilson de Carvalho Barbosa	5 May 1979
date of birth	Regret Iyer alias Satyanarayana Iyer (born 28 September 1950) is a writer, photographer, publisher and regret slip collector, residing in Bangalore, India.	Regret Iyer	28 September 1950
date of birth	Osman Nuri Gündeş (born 1925) was a Turkish intelligence official in the National Intelligence Organization (MIT).	Nuri Gündeş	1925
date of birth	Tommy Prim (born 29 July 1955) is a retired Swedish professional cyclist who rode for the Italian Bianchi team between the years of 1980 and 1986.	Tommy Prim	29 July 1955
date of birth	John Leijten (born 1 October 1965) is an American football coach and former player from the Netherlands.	John Leijten	1 October 1965
date of birth	Bako Sahakyan (Armenian: Բակո Սահակյան, born 30 August 1960, sometimes transcribed as Bako Sahakian or Saakian) is the fourth president of the unrecognized Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.	Bako Sahakyan	30 August 1960
date of birth	Beth Denisch (born Augusta, Georgia, Feb. 25, 1958) is an American composer.	Beth Denisch	1958
date of birth	Yosif Shutev (first name also sometimes transliterated as Iosif) (Bulgarian: Йосиф Шутев) (born 6 February 1986) is a Bulgarian footballer.	Yosif Shutev	6 February 1986
date of birth	William Kyffin Thomas (4 November 1821 -- 4 July 1878) was a newspaper proprietor in South Australia.	William Kyffin Thomas	4 November 1821
date of birth	Deniz Hümmet (born 13 September 1996) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Troyes AC. He made his Ligue 2 debut on 13 February 2015.	Deniz Hümmet	13 September 1996
date of birth	Michael Guy Chislett (born 6 April 1982) is an Australian born musician and producer.	Michael Guy Chislett	6 April 1982
date of birth	Sir Benjamin Keene, KB, (King's Lynn, 1697 -- Madrid, 1757) was a British diplomat known for his service as British Ambassador to Spain.	Benjamin Keene	1697
date of birth	Jonathan Jack Sealy (born 4 May 1987), commonly known as Jack Sealy (traditional Chinese: 積施利; simplified Chinese: 积施利; Jyutping: Zik1 Si1 Lei6), is an English-born Hong Kong professional footballer currently playing for Chinese Super League club Changchun Yatai.	Jack Sealy	4 May 1987
date of birth	Wael Nazha (born 26 March 1974) is a retired Lebanese-Tajik footballer.	Wael Nazha	26 March 1974
date of birth	Lonnie Vigil (born 1949) is an American potter.	Lonnie Vigil	1949
date of birth	Sabine Steinbach (later Sabine Klemm, born 18 July 1952) is a German former swimmer.	Sabine Steinbach	18 July 1952
date of birth	Russ Parr (born 1959 in California) is an American radio DJ, film director, writer, actor and television personality known for such television shows as Rock 'N' America.	Russ Parr	1959
date of birth	Captain Frodo (born 1976 in Haugesund, Norway), also known as ``The Incredible Rubberman'', is a Guinness World Record breaking contortionist living in Australia.	Captain Frodo	1976
date of birth	Vince Vozzo (born 1954, Sydney, Australia), is a multidisciplinary Australian artist famous for his monumental stone & bronze sculptures.	Vince Vozzo	1954
date of birth	Jan Heller Levi (born 1954, New York City) is a poet who teaches at CUNY Hunter College's MFA Program in Creative Writing.	Jan Heller Levi	1954
date of birth	Wu Ningkun (巫宁坤; born 1920, in Yangzhou, China), is Professor Emeritus of English at the Institute of International Relations in Beijing, where he has taught since 1956.	Wu Ningkun	1920
date of birth	Jeremy Allan Ryder, better known as Jack Hues, (born 10 December 1954) is an English musician, who is best known for forming the 1980s British new wave band, Wang Chung.	Jack Hues	10 December 1954
date of birth	John Lancelot Todd (10 September 1876 -- 27 August 1949) was a Canadian physician and parasitologist.	John Lancelot Todd	10 September 1876
date of birth	Cornelis de Bruijn (also spelled Cornelius de Bruyn, pronounced (də ˈbrœy̯n); 1652 -- 1726/7) was a Dutch artist and traveler.	Cornelis de Bruijn	1652
date of birth	Silvetty Montilla (born 10 July 1967, São Paulo) is a Brazilian drag queen performer, born as born Silvio Cássio Bernardo.	Silvetty Montilla	1967
date of birth	Rick Lamar Farrar, known as Rick L. Farrar (born 1960), is an attorney in Pineville, Louisiana, who served as the Democratic state representative from District 27 in Rapides Parish from 1992--1996 and again from 2000-2008.	Rick L. Farrar	1960
date of birth	Samuel Annesley (c. 1620 -- 1696) was a prominent Puritan and nonconformist pastor, best known for the sermons he collected as the series of Morning Exercises.	Samuel Annesley	1620
date of birth	Thomas Jennefelt is a Swedish composer born 1954.	Thomas Jennefelt	1954
date of birth	Harvey Anderson (born 10 October 1972) is an English first class cricketer who played all his games for Galle Cricket Club.	Harvey Anderson	10 October 1972
date of birth	Don Murphy (born April 1967) is an American film producer who produced Natural Born Killers and many other films, including Transformers and Transformers:	Don Murphy	April 1967
date of birth	Kazi M Badruddoza (born 1 January 1927 in Bogra District), is a National Emeritus Scientist working for the National Agricultural Research System of Bangladesh.	Kazi M Badruddoza	1 January 1927
date of birth	Robert Stephen John Sparks, FRS, CBE (b. 15 May 1949), is Chaning Wills Professor of Geology in the Department of Earth Sciences at the University of Bristol.	Robert Stephen John Sparks	15 May 1949
date of birth	Carmine Agnello (born 1960 in Ozone Park, Queens) is a New York mobster from the Gambino crime family who ran a scrap metal recycling operation.	Carmine Agnello	1960
date of birth	Celil Oker (born 1952 in Kayseri) is a Turkish crime fiction writer.	Celil Oker	1952
date of birth	Vyacheslav Sakayev (Сакаев Вячеслав, born 12 January 1988 in Novosibirsk Oblast) is a Russian athlete, specialized in 400 m hurdles.	Vyacheslav Sakayev	12 January 1988
date of birth	Felicitas Kuhn (born 3 January 1926) is an Austrian children's book illustrator from the 1940s onward.	Felicitas Kuhn	3 January 1926
date of birth	Paul Harries (born 20 October 1977) is an Australian footballer who played professionally in England.	Paul Harries	20 October 1977
date of birth	Mohammed Shabir, sometimes written Mohammed Shbeir, Mohammed Shubair or Mohammed Shubeir, (Arabic: محمد شبير; born 1946) is the Prime Minister-in-waiting for the next Palestinian unity government.	Mohammed Shabir	1946
date of birth	Omid Hajili (Persian: امید حاجیلی, born 24 September 1983) is an Iranian trumpet player pop singer, musician, composer and music arranger.	Omid Hajili	24 September 1983
date of birth	Sam Valcke (born 16 December 1992) is a Belgian footballer who plays with Belgian football association Cercle Brugge as a striker.	Sam Valcke	16 December 1992
date of birth	Baron Pierre-Jacques-Nicolas Rolland (17 June 1769 -- 9 December 1837) was a French naval architect and engineer.	Pierre-Jacques-Nicolas Rolland	1769
date of birth	George Baptist (7 January 1808 -- 11 May 1875) was a logging contractor, born in Scotland and emigrated to Canada in 1832.	George Baptist	7 January 1808
date of birth	Ragini Trivedi (born 22 March 1960) is an Indian classical musician performing on vichitra veena, sitar and jal tarang.	Ragini Trivedi	22 March 1960
date of birth	Dr. Herbert Gastineau Earle (10 August 1882 -- 5 June 1946) was an English physiologist.	Herbert Gastineau Earle	10 August 1882
date of birth	Anna Lee Walters (born September 9, 1946, Pawnee, Oklahoma) is an award-winning Pawnee/Otoe-Missouria author.	Anna Lee Walters	1946
date of birth	Princess Margaret of Connaught (Margaret Victoria Charlotte Augusta Norah; 15 January 1882 -- 1 May 1920) was Crown Princess of Sweden and Duchess of Skåne as the first wife of the future King Gustaf VI Adolf.	Princess Margaret of Connaught	15 January 1882
date of birth	James John Floyd (1750 -- April 10, 1783), better known as John Floyd, was a pioneer of the Midwestern United States around the Louisville, Kentucky area where he worked as a surveyor for land development and as a military figure.	James John Floyd	1750
date of birth	Margarita Xhepa (born 2 April 1932) is an Albanian stage and film actress.	Margarita Xhepa	2 April 1932
date of birth	Veerappan Murugan or V. Murugan (born 3 April 1965) is a former Malaysian goalkeeper.	V. Murugan	3 April 1965
date of birth	Don Barton (May 29, 1930 -- July 16, 2006) was a former halfback in the National Football League.	Don Barton	1930
date of birth	Lee Jae-oh (Korean: 이재오, RR: Yi Jae-o, Hanja: 李在伍; born 11 January 1945) is a conservative South Korean politician of the Saenuri Party.	Lee Jae-oh	11 January 1945
date of birth	Russell James (born 1962 in Perth) is a fashion, celebrity and beauty photographer.	Russell James	1962
date of birth	Cristiano Bortone (born 2 July 1968) is an Italian director, screenwriter and producer.	Cristiano Bortone	2 July 1968
date of birth	Derryck Gleaton (born 30 August 1988), better known as DSharp, is an American violinist, DJ, singer and producer based in Atlantic City, New Jersey.	DSharp	30 August 1988
date of birth	Ann Maria Bradshaw (1801--1862), was an English actress and vocalist.	Ann Maria Bradshaw	1801
date of birth	Agostino Lamma (1636--1700) was an Italian painter, active in Venice and specializing in battle paintings.	Agostino Lamma	1636
date of birth	Maurice Ewens, alias Newport (1611--1687) was an English Jesuit and author.	Maurice Ewens	1611
date of birth	Callum Paterson (born 13 October 1994) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Hearts in the Scottish Premiership, as a right back but has also played as a striker.	Callum Paterson	13 October 1994
date of birth	Esther Perel (born 1958) is a Belgian psychotherapist notable for exploring the tension between the need for security (love, belonging and closeness) and the need for freedom (erotic desire, adventure and distance) in human relationships.	Esther Perel	1958
date of birth	Henry Cluney (born 4 August 1957, Belfast, Northern Ireland) was a guitarist in Highway Star, the school band that became Stiff Little Fingers in 1977.	Henry Cluney	4 August 1957
date of birth	George Hooper (18 November 1640 -- 6 September 1727) was a learned and influential English High church cleric of the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries.	George Hooper	18 November 1640
date of birth	Enda Oates (born 1962), occasionally credited as Enda Oats, is an Irish stage, film, and television actor.	Enda Oates	1962
date of birth	Sarah Hay (born 1987) is an American actress and ballet dancer with the Semperoper in Dresden.	Sarah Hay	1987
date of birth	Catherine Dulac (born 1963) is a French-American biologist notable for research on the molecular biology of olfactory signaling in mammals, particularly including pheromones.	Catherine Dulac	1963
date of birth	Colonel Taliaferro Preston Shaffner (1811 in Smithfield, Virginia -- December 11, 1881 in Troy, New York) was an American inventor and entrepreneur who promoted telegraphy during its infancy.	Taliaferro Preston Shaffner	1811
date of birth	May Blood, Baroness Blood, MBE (born 26 May 1938) is a Labour member of the British House of Lords.	May Blood, Baroness Blood	26 May 1938
date of birth	Francesco Finocchio (born 30 April 1992) is an Italian footballer, who is currently playing for Pordenone.	Francesco Finocchio	30 April 1992
date of birth	Edward John Hemming, (30 August 1823 -- 17 September 1905), was a lawyer, politician and author.	Edward John Hemming	30 August 1823
date of birth	Larry Burnett was born on November 8, 1951 and wrote his first song when he was sixteen.	Larry Burnett	1951
date of birth	Bend Or (1877--1903) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1880 Epsom Derby.	Bend Or	1877
date of birth	Rafiq Hilmi (1898--1960) was a Kurdish historian, writer and politician born in Kirkuk.	Rafiq Hilmi	1898
date of birth	Desmond Tester (17 February 1919 -- 31 December 2002) was an English film and television actor, host and executive.	Desmond Tester	17 February 1919
date of birth	Patrick Skene Catling (born 14 February 1925) is a British journalist, author and book reviewer best known for writing The Chocolate Touch in 1952.	Patrick Skene Catling	14 February 1925
date of birth	Jeremy Bobb (born 1981) is an American actor who has appeared on stage, television and in feature films.	Jeremy Bobb	1981
date of birth	Chuan-Chih Hsiung (Chinese: 熊全治, Pinyin: Xióng Quánzhì) (1916--2009), also known as Chuan-Chih Hsiung, C C Hsiung, or Xiong Quanzhi, was a Chinese-born American mathematician specializing in differential geometry.	Chuan-Chih Hsiung	1916
date of birth	John M. Goodell (August 3, 1823, New York state - c. 1877) was an early and prominent citizen of DeKalb, Illinois.	John M. Goodell	1823
date of birth	Boro Vučinić (born 1954 in Titograd) is the current head of the Montenegrin National Security Agency, as well as the former Minister of Defense and the former Minister of Urban Planning of Montenegro.	Boro Vučinić	1954
date of birth	Melek Ahmed Pasha (c. 1604--1662) was an Ottoman statesman and grand vizier during the reign of Mehmed IV.	Melek Ahmed Pasha	1604
date of birth	Mirco Antenucci (born 8 September 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for English side Leeds United.	Mirco Antenucci	8 September 1984
date of birth	Christian Timm (born 27 February 1979) is a German football striker who is currently a free agent.	Christian Timm	27 February 1979
date of birth	Esko Tommola (3 August 1930 -- 7 April 2008) was a Finnish newsreader.	Esko Tommola	3 August 1930
date of birth	Giannis Siderakis (Greek: Γιάννης Σιδεράκης, born 16 November 1987) is a professional Greek football player, who plays for Aris.	Giannis Siderakis	16 November 1987
date of birth	Jonathan Richard Maden (born 21 September 1972) is an English former competitive swimmer who specialised in breaststroke events.	Richard Maden	21 September 1972
date of birth	Ognjen Ožegović (Serbian Cyrillic: Огњен Ожеговић; born 9 June 1994) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays for Vojvodina in Serbian SuperLiga.	Ognjen Ožegović	9 June 1994
date of birth	Martin Jetter (1959- ), born in Germany, is a computer engineer and businessman.	Martin Jetter	1959
date of birth	Andriy Naumov (born 21 December 1973) is a Ukrainian athlete who specialises in long distance running, principally the marathon.	Andriy Naumov	21 December 1973
date of birth	Per Kågeson', (born 14 April 1947) in Trollhättan is a Swedish author, scientist, debater and consultant within the area of environmental protection.	Per Kågeson	14 April 1947
date of birth	Leonard J. Russell (1932 -- June 16, 1985) was a mayor (council chairman) of Cambridge, Massachusetts and husband of mayor Sheila Russell.	Leonard J. Russell	1932
date of birth	Jordan Kerby (born 15 August 1992) is an Australian professional racing cyclist who is currently riding for Drapac Professional Cycling.	Jordan Kerby	15 August 1992
date of birth	Ilias Spathas (Greek: Ηλίας Σπάθας; born 18 February 1980) is a Greek international referee who refereed at 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, beginning with the Group H match between Poland and Moldova.	Ilias Spathas	18 February 1980
date of birth	Alison Croggon (born 1962 ) is a contemporary Australian poet, playwright, fantasy novelist, and librettist.	Alison Croggon	1962
date of birth	Roy Moss (b. August, 1929) was an American rockabilly singer.	Roy Moss	1929
date of birth	Danny Finkleman (born 1942 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian journalist and radio host, best known for his work on CBC Radio.	Danny Finkleman	1942
date of birth	Leandro Damião da Silva dos Santos (Brazilian Portuguese: (leˈɐ̃dɾu daˈmjɐ̃w̃); born 22 July 1989), known as Leandro Damião or simply Damião, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Betis as a striker.	Leandro Damião	22 July 1989
date of birth	Antonio di Puccio Pucci (c. 1350 -- after 1416) was an Italian architect and politician from the Pucci family.	Antonio di Puccio Pucci	1350
date of birth	Diogo Villarinho (born 11 March 1994) is a Brazilian swimmer, who specialized in open water marathon.	Diogo Villarinho	11 March 1994
date of birth	Änis Ben-Hatira (born 18 July 1988) is a German-born Tunisian footballer who currently plays for Eintracht Frankfurt.	Änis Ben-Hatira	18 July 1988
date of birth	Bergur Elías Ágústsson (born 7 July 1963) was the mayor of Norðurþing municipality.	Bergur Elías Ágústsson	7 July 1963
date of birth	Richard Gilbert Scott (born 12 December 1923) is a British architect, the son of Giles Gilbert Scott and great-grandson of the great Gothic Revival architect George Gilbert Scott.	Richard Gilbert Scott	12 December 1923
date of birth	Nick Jooste (born 7 July 1997) is an Australian people Rugby Union player who currently plays for the Brumbies in the international Super Rugby competition.	Nick Jooste	7 July 1997
date of birth	Łukasz Rzepecki (born 5 September 1992) is a Polish parliamentarian.	Łukasz Rzepecki	5 September 1992
date of birth	Ursula de Jesus (1604--1668) She was born in Lima, Peru and was the legitimate daughter of Juan Castilla and Isabel de los Rios.	Ursula de Jesus	1604
date of birth	Sir Miles Stapleton, KG (c. 1408 -- 1 October 1466) was Lord of the Manor of Ingham, Norfolk and de jure Baron Ingham of Ingham, Norfolk, and Lord of the Manor of Bedale, Yorkshire.	Miles Stapleton	1408
date of birth	Elizabeth Cailo (born 2 July 1987) is an Angolan handball player who plays for the club Primeiro de Agosto.	Elizabeth Cailo	2 July 1987
date of birth	Michelle Wibowo (born 1978, Indonesia) is a British sugar craft artist whose specialty is making sculpted cakes and sugar sculpture	Michelle Wibowo	1978
date of birth	Clara Sue Kidwell (born July 8, 1941) is an academic scholar, historian, feminist and Native American author who is of White Earth Chippewa and Choctaw descent.	Clara Sue Kidwell	1941
date of birth	Joseph Edward Penny, Jr., credited as Joe Penny (born 24 June 1956) is an actor best known for his roles as Nick Ryder on the detective series Riptide from 1984--86, and as Jake Styles in the CBS television series Jake and the Fatman from 1987-92.	Joe Penny	24 June 1956
date of birth	Janee Michelle (born Geneva Leona Mercadel; 1946), also known as Gee Tucker, is an American actor, model, dancer, and businessperson, best known for her role in the 1974 horror film The House on Skull Mountain.	Janee Michelle	1946
date of birth	Patricia Gibson-Howell (born 1966) is a British actress of stage and screen.	Patricia Gibson-Howell	1966
date of birth	Cristóbal Martí Batalla (born 22 May 1903, date of death unknown) is a Spanish former football player and manager.	Cristóbal Martí	22 May 1903
date of birth	Scott Morphett (born 24 March 1965) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and Woodville-West Torrens in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Scott Morphett	24 March 1965
date of birth	Seyed Ahmed Seyed Alavi Moulana (born 1 January 1932) was the 5th Governor of Western Province, having assumed office on 1 February 2002.	Alavi Moulana	1 January 1932
date of birth	Davis Filfred (born 1967) is an American politician for the Navajo Nation Council Delegate in the Utah Navajo Section.	Davis Filfred	1967
date of birth	Thierry Martens (29 January 1942 -- 27 June 2011) was a Belgian author who wrote under the pen name Yves Varende, writer of science fiction and detective novels, short stories and comics.	Thierry Martens	29 January 1942
date of birth	Santhosh Narayanan (born 15 May 1983) is an Indian film composer and musician in the Tamil film industry.	Santhosh Narayanan	15 May 1983
date of birth	Cláudio Hummes, OFM (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈklawdʒu ˈʁum(i)s), born 8 August 1934) is a Brazilian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Cláudio Hummes	8 August 1934
date of birth	Nelson Elder (born January 1923) was a unionist politician in Northern Ireland.	Nelson Elder	1923
date of birth	Olivier Doleuze (born April 1972) is a French born jockey and is considered to be one of the world's premier jockeys.	Olivier Doleuze	April 1972
date of birth	Matthew Ryan Hoge (born 1974) is an American writer and film director, known for writing and directing The United States of Leland (2003).	Matthew Ryan Hoge	1974
date of birth	Ernst Welteke (born 21 August 1942) was the president of Deutsche Bundesbank from September 1999 until he resigned in 2004.	Ernst Welteke	21 August 1942
date of birth	Melissa Chiu (born 1972) is a museum director, curator and author, and the Director of the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.	Melissa Chiu	1972
date of birth	Julien N'Da (born 15 August 1985) is an Ivorian/French footballer.	Julien N'Da	15 August 1985
date of birth	Stephen Corey (born 1948) is the editor of the Georgia Review.	Stephen Corey	1948
date of birth	Angelos Charisteas (Greek: Άγγελος Χαριστέας, pronounced (ˈaɲɟelos xariˈste.as); born 9 February 1980) is a retired Greek footballer.	Angelos Charisteas	9 February 1980
date of birth	Areliz Benel Bolaños (born 28 October 1988) is a Peruvian actress, best known for her role as Shirley Gonzales in the TV series Al Fondo Hay Sitio.	Areliz Benel	28 October 1988
date of birth	Des Collins (born 15 April 1923) is an English retired professional footballer who played as a winger in the Football League.	Des Collins	15 April 1923
date of birth	Basil Cameron, CBE (18 August 1884 -- 26 June 1975) was an English conductor.	Basil Cameron	18 August 1884
date of birth	Dean Shomshak (born 1964) is the author of supplements for role playing games.	Dean Shomshak	1964
date of birth	Paul Darmanin (born 6 November 1940) is a Maltese catholic prelate who currently serves as the Bishop of Garissa in Kenya.	Paul Darmanin	6 November 1940
date of birth	Ye Qiuyu (Chinese: 叶秋语; pinyin: Yè Qiūyǔ; born 29 November 1997) is a Chinese tennis player.	Ye Qiuyu	29 November 1997
date of birth	Eleanor Kasrils (b. March 1936, Kilmarnock - d. 2009) was a Scottish-South African anti-apartheid activist who created ANC cells in Scotland, and opposed the activities of the UK government in Africa in the 1980s.	Eleanor Kasrils	1936
date of birth	Karl Schubert (20 May 1908 -- March 1991) was a German swimmer who won a silver medal at the 1931 European Aquatics Championships.	Karl Schubert	20 May 1908
date of birth	Nirmala Devi was born on 7 June 1927, in the holy city of Varanasi (then known as Banares), in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Nirmala Devi	7 June 1927
date of birth	Majid Torkan (born 1965 in Sari) is an Iranian freestyle wrestler in Flyweight class, who won the gold medal by World Championship 1990.	Majid Torkan	1965
date of birth	Darren Debono (born 9 January 1974) is one of Maltese's most experienced football players.	Darren Debono	9 January 1974
date of birth	Paul Gagnon (born 17 September 1937, in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Paul Gagnon	17 September 1937
date of birth	Sheila Chipperfield (born 17 June 1975 in Coventry, England) was, from 1996 to 1998, the bassist in the London-based rock band, Elastica.	Sheila Chipperfield	17 June 1975
date of birth	Keon Kenroy Peters (born on 24 February 1982) is a St Vincent-born cricketer who played in the Under-19 Cricket World Cup for the West Indies in 2000.	Kenroy Peters	24 February 1982
date of birth	Rolando Sarraff Trujillo (born 22 August 1963) is a Cuban intelligence officer who was convicted for espionage for the United States Central Intelligence Agency.	Rolando Sarraff Trujillo	22 August 1963
date of birth	Madeline Obrigewitsch (born 11 August 1995), better known by her stage name Madeline Juno, is a German singer-songwriter.	Madeline Juno	11 August 1995
date of birth	Sir John Smith, 1st Baronet (1744 -- 1807) was High Sheriff of Dorset in 1772 and the progenitor of the Smith-Marriott Baronetcy.	Sir John Smith, 1st Baronet	1744
date of birth	Colin Sleep (born 8 October 1944) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1960s.	Colin Sleep	8 October 1944
date of birth	James Hugh Keeley, Jr. (1898--1975) was an American diplomat.	James Hugh Keeley, Jr.	1898
date of birth	Anthonie Andriessen, who was born at Amsterdam in 1746, painted, in conjunction with his brother Jurriaan, under whom he studied, landscapes and figure-pieces.	Anthonie Andriessen	1746
date of birth	David Florimbi (1961) is an American-born artist living in Santa Barbara, California.	David Florimbi	1961
date of birth	Humbert I of Viennois (c. 1240 -- 12 April 1307) was baron of la Tour-du-Pin and then also became, by his marriage, dauphin of Viennois.	Humbert I of Viennois	1240
date of birth	Simon Faeh (sometimes listed as Simon Fäh, born 10 May 1982) is a Swiss sprint canoer who competed in the mid-2000s.	Simon Faeh	10 May 1982
date of birth	William Parker Foulke (1816 -- 1865) discovered the first full dinosaur skeleton in North America (Hadrosaurus foulkii, which means ``Foulke's big lizard'') in Haddonfield, New Jersey in 1858.	William Parker Foulke	1816
date of birth	David Mindich (born 1963 in New York City) is a press critic, media historian, and professor at Saint Michael's College in Colchester, Vermont where he served as the chair of the journalism and mass communication department from 2000 to 2006.	David Mindich	1963
date of birth	Kalamandalam Hyderali (5 September 1946 -- 5 January 2006) (Malayalam: കലാമണ്ഡലം ഹൈദരാലി) was one of the best Kathakali singers of his generation, and the first non-Hindu artiste to make a mark in the four-century-old classical dance-drama from Kerala in south India.	Kalamandalam Hyderali	5 September 1946
date of birth	David William Boyd (born 17 September 1941) is a Canadian mathematician who does research on harmonic and classical analysis, inequalities related to geometry, number theory, and polynomial factorization, sphere packing, number theory involving Diophantine approximation and Mahler's measure, and computer computations.	David William Boyd	17 September 1941
date of birth	Anatoly Bogovik (Ukrainian: Анатолій Боговик; born 6 October 1947) is a Soviet and Ukrainian football manager and former player.	Anatoly Bogovik	6 October 1947
date of birth	Douglas Simmonds (18 February 1958 -- 15 March 2011) was a British child actor, who played the part of Doughnut in the British television show Here Come the Double Deckers.	Douglas Simmonds	18 February 1958
date of birth	Herb Drinkwater (1936 -- December 28, 1997) was an American politician from the state of Arizona.	Herb Drinkwater	1936
date of birth	Kate Victoria Tunstall (born 23 June 1975), known by her stage name KT Tunstall, is a Scottish singer-songwriter and musician.	KT Tunstall	23 June 1975
date of birth	Dave Seaman (born 29 April 1968) is a British dance music DJ and record producer.	Dave Seaman	29 April 1968
date of birth	Cătălin Anghel (born 4 October 1974) is a former Romanian footballer who currently works as assistant manager.	Cătălin Anghel	4 October 1974
date of birth	Neal Menzies (born 7 December 1959) is an Australian professor of soil science at the University of Queensland.	Neal Menzies	7 December 1959
date of birth	Susan Loy (born 1951) is an American artist, calligrapher, and author best known for her ``Literary Calligraphy'' watercolor paintings of the Language of Flowers and the White House Easter Egg Roll.	Susan Loy	1951
date of birth	Michael Lessac (born 1940) is a theatre, television, and film director and screenwriter.	Michael Lessac	1940
date of birth	Matteo Busato (born 20 December 1987) is an Italian racing cyclist, currently riding for Southeast Pro Cycling team.	Matteo Busato	20 December 1987
date of birth	Konangi (Tamil: கோணங்கி) (born 1 November 1956) is the pen name of the Tamil writer Ilangovan.	Konangi	1 November 1956
date of birth	Abdulla Shamaal MA MSc psc (born 5 July 1969) is a Brigadier General in the Maldives National Defence Force (MNDF) and has a military service of more than 25 years.	Abdulla Shamaal	5 July 1969
date of birth	Mark L. Grover (born 1947) is an expert on Mormonism in Brazil and an author on religion in Latin America.	Mark L. Grover	1947
date of birth	Boris Malagurski (Serbian Cyrillic: Борис Малагурски; born 11 August 1988) is a Serbian-Canadian film director, producer, writer, television host and activist.	Boris Malagurski	11 August 1988
date of birth	John Crumplin (born 26 May 1967 in Bath) is a former professional football player who played for the English club Brighton & Hove Albion in the late 80s and early 90s.	John Crumplin	26 May 1967
date of birth	Eva-Maria Brem (born 13 September 1988) is an Austrian World Cup alpine ski racer, and specialises in giant slalom.	Eva-Maria Brem	13 September 1988
date of birth	António Conceição da Silva Oliveira (born 6 December 1961), known as Toni Conceição, is a former Portuguese professional footballer who played as a right back, and the current manager of Romanian club CFR Cluj.	António Conceição da Silva Oliveira	6 December 1961
date of birth	Ryan Farquhar (born 2 February 1976 Dungannon, Northern Ireland) is a professional motorcycle racer who primarily competes in road racing.	Ryan Farquhar	2 February 1976
date of birth	Małgorzata Dawidek Gryglicka (13 July 1976) is a Polish visual artist, writer and art historian, currently based in the UK.	Małgorzata Dawidek Gryglicka	13 July 1976
date of birth	Mateja Svet ( pronunciation ) (born 16 August 1968) is a former Slovenian alpine skier.	Mateja Svet	16 August 1968
date of birth	Edmund T. Pratt, Jr. (1927 - September 5, 2002) was the Chairman and CEO of Pfizer Inc..	Edmund T. Pratt, Jr.	1927
developer	DxO OpticsPro is a commercial and proprietary raw image processing software by DxO Labs, first released in 2004 or earlier.	DxO OpticsPro	DxO Labs
developer	Grand Prix Story is an auto racing management simulation video game developed and published by Kairosoft for the Android and iOS operating systems.	Grand Prix Story	Kairosoft
developer	WWE 2K14 is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke's & Visual Concepts and published by 2K Sports for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.	WWE 2K14	Yuke
developer	Major Havoc (or The Adventures of Major Havoc) is an upright cabinet vector-based arcade game made by Atari in 1983.	Major Havoc	Atari
developer	The Order: 1886 is a third-person action-adventure video game developed by Ready at Dawn and SCE Santa Monica Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.	The Order: 1886	Ready at Dawn
developer	Privacy Badger is a free software web browser extension for Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox, created by the Electronic Frontier Foundation.	Privacy Badger	Electronic Frontier Foundation
developer	Monster Hunter Dynamic Hunting is a fighting game developed and published by Capcom for iOS.	Monster Hunter Dynamic Hunting	Capcom
developer	AlphaGo is a computer program developed by Google DeepMind to play the board game Go.	AlphaGo	Google DeepMind
developer	The Compu-Math series are mathematics tutorials developed and published by Edu-Ware Services in the 1980s.	Compu-Math series	Edu-Ware
developer	Microsoft Train Simulator (abbreviated to MSTS) is a train simulator for Microsoft Windows, released in July 2001 and developed by UK-based Kuju Entertainment.	Microsoft Train Simulator	Kuju Entertainment
developer	NI Measurement Studio is a set of test and measurement components built by National Instruments, that integrates into the Microsoft Visual Studio environment.	Measurement Studio	National Instruments
developer	Instead, whilst they were focusing on other projects, Magicland Dizzy was designed by Neal Vincent and coded by external developer Big Red Software.	Magicland Dizzy	Big Red Software
developer	Mr. Heli, fully titled in Japan as Mr. HELI no Daibōken (Ｍｒ．ＨＥＬＩの大冒険, ``Mr. Heli's Great Adventure'') and known in North America as Battle Chopper, is a 1987 multidirectional scrolling shoot 'em up arcade game developed and published by Irem.	Mr. Heli	Irem
developer	JumpStart Kindergarten (known as Jump Ahead Classic Kindergarten in the UK version) is an educational personal computer game released by Knowledge Adventure in 1994.	JumpStart Kindergarten	Knowledge Adventure
developer	MSN QnA (formerly Live Search QnA and Windows Live QnA, codenamed Answers), was a question and answer service, part of Microsoft's MSN group of services.	MSN QnA	Microsoft
developer	Dragon Wars is a fantasy role-playing video game developed by Rebecca Heineman and published by Interplay Entertainment in 1989, and distributed by Activision.	Dragon Wars	Interplay Entertainment
developer	Protect Me Knight (also known as Protect Me Knight: Mamotte Kishi) is a retro style action tower defense video game developed by Ancient for the Xbox 360's Xbox Live Indie Games service.	Protect Me Knight	Ancient
developer	Kar2ouche was an educational software product developed by Immersive Education, a joint project between Oxford University and Intel that started in 1999.	Kar2ouche	Immersive Education
developer	Gravitar is a color vector graphics arcade game released by Atari, Inc. in 1982.	Gravitar	Atari, Inc.
developer	Shadowgrounds is a top-down shooter for Microsoft Windows, Linux and Mac OS X, developed by Frozenbyte.	Shadowgrounds	Frozenbyte
developer	Cute Knight was originally developed by Hanako Games and is based on the Princess Maker series.	Cute Knight	Hanako Games
developer	Dragon Age is a high fantasy role-playing video game series created by BioWare.	Dragon Age	BioWare
developer	Nightmare Creatures II is a survival horror video game developed by Kalisto Entertainment and published by Konami for the PlayStation and Dreamcast.	Nightmare Creatures II	Kalisto Entertainment
developer	Developed by Naked Sky Entertainment, Twister Mania is published by Majesco Entertainment Company and is rated E for Everyone by the ESRB.	Twister Mania	Naked Sky Entertainment
developer	Highway Patrol 2 is a vehicle simulation and racing game developed by Microïds in 1991.	Highway Patrol 2	Microïds
developer	Family Slot Car Racing (Okiraku Slot Car Racing in Japan) is a racing game developed by Arc System Works for WiiWare.	Family Slot Car Racing	Arc System Works
developer	EPrints has been developed at the University of Southampton School of Electronics and Computer Science and released under a GPL license.	EPrints	University of Southampton
developer	Monster Lab is a video game for the Wii, PlayStation 2 and Nintendo DS that was developed by Backbone Entertainment's Vancouver, British Columbia-based studio and published by Eidos.	Monster Lab	Backbone Entertainment
developer	Trade Nations is a trading simulation social network game developed and published by Z2Live.	Trade Nations	Z2Live
developer	10,000 Bullets was directed by Suikoden franchise creator Yoshitaka Murayama, who left Konami in 2002 and started his own development firm, Blue Moon Studio, shortly thereafter.	10,000 Bullets	Yoshitaka Murayama
developer	NeuroSolutions is a neural network development environment developed by NeuroDimension.	NeuroSolutions	NeuroDimension
developer	Quadrun is a video game published in 1983 by Atari for the Atari 2600 console.	Quadrun	Atari
developer	TOCA Race Driver 3 (also known as DTM Race Driver 3 in mainland Europe, V8 Supercars 3 in Australia, and TOCA Race Driver 3 Challenge in the PlayStation Portable version) is the third title of TOCA racing video game series, developed and published by Codemasters, and released in 2006.	TOCA Race Driver 3	Codemasters
developer	Wreckateer is a puzzle video game developed by Iron Galaxy Studios and published by Microsoft Studios for the Xbox 360 gaming console.	Wreckateer	Iron Galaxy Studios
developer	101 MiniGolf World is an arcade sports game developed by Teyon for the Nintendo DSiWare.	101 MiniGolf World	Teyon
developer	Otto Matic is a 2001 action-adventure video game originally developed by Pangea Software and published by Aspyr Media for the Mac OS X. Soon after the release, it was bundled with certain newly released computers.	Otto Matic	Pangea Software
developer	Marvel Pinball is an arcade pinball video game developed by Zen Studios.	Marvel Pinball	Zen Studios
developer	XMLBeans is a Java-to-XML binding framework which is part of the Apache Software Foundation XML project.	XMLBeans	Apache Software Foundation
developer	Pocket Trains is a business simulation video game developed by NimbleBit for iOS and Android.	Pocket Trains	NimbleBit
developer	HomeOS is the working title of a home automation operating system under development by Microsoft Research.	HomeOS	Microsoft
developer	Trials HD is an Xbox Live Arcade game developed by RedLynx and published by Microsoft Game Studios.	Trials HD	RedLynx
developer	Amnesia Fortnight 2012 is a bundle of prototypes made during a two-week public prototyping session in 2012 by Double Fine Productions, which was held in conjunction with the Humble Bundle group in 2012.	Amnesia Fortnight 2012	Double Fine Productions
developer	Sneak King is one of three titles released by Burger King and developed by Blitz Games as part of five week promotional campaign between November 19 and December 24, 2006.	Sneak King	Blitz Games
developer	The Open Packaging Conventions (OPC) is a container-file technology initially created by Microsoft to store a combination of XML and non-XML files that together form a single entity such as an Open XML Paper Specification (OpenXPS) document.	Open Packaging Conventions	Microsoft
developer	FIFA World was a free-to-play massively multiplayer online football game developed by Electronic Arts.	FIFA World	Electronic Arts
developer	Jtest is an automated Java software testing and static analysis product that is made by Parasoft.	Jtest	Parasoft
developer	Steel Storm is an independent video game series developed by Kot-in-Action Creative Artel using the free software DarkPlaces engine that were released for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux platforms.	Steel Storm	Kot-in-Action Creative Artel
developer	Cloning Clyde is a side-scroller platform computer game developed by NinjaBee.	Cloning Clyde	NinjaBee
developer	Sierra Championship Boxing is a boxing video game developed by Evryware and published by Sierra On-Line in 1983.	Sierra Championship Boxing	Evryware
developer	Android Wear is a version of Google's Android operating system designed for smartwatches and other wearables.	Android Wear	Google
developer	Dr. Luigi, released in Japan as Dr. Luigi & Saikin Bokumetsu (Dr. LUIGI & 細菌撲滅 Dr. Luigi & Bacterial Eradication), is a puzzle video game for the Wii U console, developed by Nintendo and Arika.	Dr. Luigi	Arika
developer	Hanging with Friends is a multi-player word game developed by Zynga with Friends (formerly Newtoy, Inc.), which also developed Words with Friends.	Hanging with Friends	Zynga
developer	WeBWorK was originally developed at the University of Rochester by professors Michael Gage, and Arnold Pizer.	WeBWorK	University of Rochester
developer	CatChum was written by Yahoo Software of Los Angeles, California.	CatChum	Yahoo Software
developer	Immune Attack is an educational video game created by the Federation of American Scientists and Escape Hatch Entertainment.	Immune Attack	Federation of American Scientists
developer	Windows Marketplace for Mobile was a service by Microsoft for its Windows Mobile platform that allowed users to browse and download applications that had been developed by third parties.	Windows Marketplace for Mobile	Microsoft
developer	Midnight Rescue! is an educational and entertainment hybrid computer game created by The Learning Company in 1989 for Windows and Macintosh PCs. The program is designed to help strengthen the reading and critical thinking skills of children grades three to five.	Midnight Rescue!	The Learning Company
developer	Alan Hansen's Sports Challenge is a sports based quiz video game for Wii, PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Windows platforms developed by Oxygen Studios and published by Oxygen Games.	Alan Hansen's Sports Challenge	Oxygen Studios
developer	GNU GRUB (short for GNU GRand Unified Bootloader) is a boot loader package from the GNU Project.	GNU GRUB	GNU Project
developer	Beat Head is a prototype platform arcade game unreleased by Atari Games.	Beat Head	Atari Games
developer	Xenix is a discontinued version of the Unix operating system for various microcomputer platforms, licensed by Microsoft from AT&T Corporation in the late 1970s.	Xenix	Microsoft
dissolved or abolished	In March 1938, a few days after the Anschluss of Austria into the German Reich, the administration of both the Hagenbund and the Secession were brought into in to line with the thinking of the Nazi party by existing members of the respective organisation.	Hagenbund	1938
dissolved or abolished	Since 1 July 2007, it is part of the new city of Dessau-Roßlau.	Dessau	2007
employer	Sidney Gottlieb (born as Joseph Scheider; August 3, 1918 -- March 7, 1999) was an American chemist and spymaster best known for his involvement with the Central Intelligence Agency's 1950s and '60s assassination attempts and mind control program, known as Project MKUltra.	Sidney Gottlieb	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	Ulrike Schaede (born 1962) is Professor of Japanese Business at the Graduate School of International Relations and Pacific Studies at the University of California, San Diego.	Ulrike Schaede	University of California, San Diego
headquarters location	Springland International is a Publicly Traded retail company in Hong Kong.	Springland International	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Mushroom Records was an Australian independent record label, founded in 1972 in Melbourne.	Mushroom Records	Melbourne
inception	Suksun was first mentioned as a settlement in 1651.	Suksun	1651
inception	The National Rail Corporation was an Australian rail operator established by the Federal, New South Wales and Victoria governments in February 1992.	National Rail Corporation	February 1992
inception	Vidyalankar Institute of Technology was started in the year 1999 after having secured permission from the AICTE and University of Mumbai.It has slowly gained popularity and today attracts top talent.	Vidyalankar Institute of Technology	1999
inception	Swedish Swedish thrash/death metal band Impious was formed by Valle Adzic and Martin Åkesson in April 1994.	Impious	1994
inception	Carbon Leaf got their start at Randolph-Macon College in Virginia in 1992, practicing in an auditorium on campus.	Carbon Leaf	1992
inception	Daou Technology Inc. (Korean: 다우기술, KRX: 023590), Republic of Korea, was founded in 1986 as an information technology (IT) company, providing and conducting enterprise software development, System Integration (SI), IT consulting, IT outsourcing and Internet service business.	Daou Technology Inc.	1986
inception	The IFT Research & Development Award has been awarded since 1997.	IFT Research & Development Award	1997
inception	FA Sápmi was established in March 2014 as the successor of the 2003 founded Sámi Football Association (SSL, Northern Sami: Sámi Spábbáčiekčanlihttu), which had not been active in few years and had some financial trouble.	FA Sápmi	2014
inception	Allied Wallet was founded by businessman Andy Khawaja (then Ahmad Khawaja) in California in 2002.	Allied Wallet	2002
inception	Agent Steel is an American speed metal band from Los Angeles, California that was formed in 1984 by singer John Cyriis (birth name disputed, possibly João Campos or Jean Pierre), and drummer Chuck Profus.	Agent Steel	1984
inception	Mosaddek Ali Falu, a BNP politician, and Enayetur Rahman Bappi, ntv's managing director, officially launched Amar Desh on 23 September 2004.	Amar Desh	23 September 2004
inception	The Creeping Nobodies were a Canadian rock band formed in Toronto, Ontario in 2001.	The Creeping Nobodies	2001
inception	FK Ventspils was founded in 1997 with the merger of two former Ventspils clubs --	FK Ventspils	1997
inception	In September, 2009, Ecosia received $21,500 in seed capital, and the search engine launched on 7 December, 2009, to coincide with UN climate talks in Copenhagen.	Ecosia	2009
inception	New York Feminist Art Institute opened in June 1979 at 325 Spring Street in the Port Authority Building.	New York Feminist Art Institute	June 1979
inception	Front Line Assembly (FLA) is a Canadian electro-industrial band formed by Bill Leeb in 1986 after leaving Skinny Puppy.	Front Line Assembly	1986
inception	Mister Bahamas is pageant that was established in 2012.	Mister Bahamas	2012
inception	The club SC Borussia Neunkirchen was founded out of the 1907 merger of FC 1905 Borussia and SC Neunkirchen.	Borussia Neunkirchen	1905
inception	Parfums Caron is a French perfume house, established by Ernest Daltroff (1867--1941) in 1904.	Parfums Caron	1904
inception	Pacari Chocolate was founded in 2002 by Santiago Peralta and Carla Barboto, who own and operate the company.	Pacari Chocolate	2002
inception	Boies, Schiller & Flexner L.L.P. is an American law firm founded by David Boies and Jonathan D. Schiller in 1997.	Boies, Schiller & Flexner	1997
inception	Prior to 9 October 2006, Movies4Men 2 was previously known as ACTIONMAX.	Movies4Men 2	2006
inception	The Giustino Fortunato University (Italian: Università degli Studi Giustino Fortunato), often simply abbreviated as ``Unifortunato'' is a private university founded in 2006 in Benevento, Italy.	Università degli Studi Giustino Fortunato	2006
inception	Wildlife Alliance was originally founded in 1994 by a group of American and British conservationists under the name Global Survival Network, and reorganized in 1999 as WildAid.	Wildlife Alliance	1994
inception	Flying Fish Brewing Company is a small craft beer brewer founded in Cherry Hill, New Jersey (approximately seven miles east of Philadelphia) in 1995 and opened for business in late 1996.	Flying Fish Brewing	1995
inception	Mira Costa High School (MCHS, ``Costa'') is a four-year public high school located in Manhattan Beach, California, United States that first began operating in 1950.	Mira Costa High School	1950
inception	SÍF Sandavágur was founded in 1906; although the club is one of oldest in the Faroe Islands, SÍF only played in the top division (now Vodafonedeildin) three times: 1989, 1990 and 1992, since the league's creation in 1942.	SÍF Sandavágur	1906
inception	Capstone Turbine Corporation, incorporated in 1988, is a California based gas turbine manufacturer that specializes in microturbine power along with heating and cooling cogeneration systems.	Capstone Turbine	1988
inception	Rajadhani Institute of Engineering and Technology (RIET), established in 2009, is a private self-financing technical institution in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India.	Rajadhani Institute of Engineering and Technology	2009
inception	ViiV Healthcare is a pharmaceutical company specialising in the development of therapies for HIV that was created as a joint venture by Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline in November 2009 with both companies transferring their HIV assets to the new company.	ViiV Healthcare	2009
inception	Les Wriggles is a French music group that formed in 1995 made up of five members, Christophe Gendreau, Stéphane Gourdon, Frédéric Volovitch, Antoine Réjasse, and Franck Zerbib.	Les Wriggles	1995
inception	Keyhole, Inc., founded in 2001, was a pioneering software development company specializing in geospatial data visualization applications and was acquired by Google in 2004.	Keyhole, Inc	2001
inception	Kemppi, is a Finnish company, founded in 1949 by Martti Kemppi.	Kemppi	1949
inception	First launched in 2012 at the National Association of Realtors (NAR) Convention in Washington, D.C., Qazzoo owns several patents on and also has several patent applications on file with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office relating to online advertising and is continuing to expend the IP portfolio.	Qazzoo	2012
inception	In 1991, following the split of the old Anambra State into Anambra and Enugu States, the Awka and Nnewi campuses of the former ASUTECH were constituted into Nnamdi Azikiwe University by the Anambra State Edict No.5 of November 26, 1991.	Nnamdi Azikiwe University	1991
inception	The Melos Ensemble is a group of musicians who started in 1950 in London to play chamber music in mixed instrumentation of string instruments, wind instruments and others.	Melos Ensemble	1950
inception	Quicksilver Software, Inc. was founded in 1984 by three Intellivision programmers from Mattel Electronics.	Quicksilver Software	1984
inception	On the basis of an independence referendum held on 21 May 2006, Montenegro declared independence on 3 June of that year.	Montenegro	2006
inception	Hackerspace.gr ('hsgr') is a hackerspace in Athens, Greece, established in 2011.	Hackerspace.gr	2011
inception	The Rifles was formed on 1 February 2007 by the amalgamation of the four Light Infantry and Rifle Regiments of the Light Division:	The Rifles	1 February 2007
inception	The Pentax K-50 is a 16.3-megapixel mid-level Pentax digital single-lens reflex camera, announced on 12 June 2013.	Pentax K-50	2013
inception	The Armed is a band from Detroit, Michigan playing a blend of hardcore punk and extreme metal since 2009.	The Armed	2009
inception	A new side, Chester Gladiators Rugby League Football Club, was formed in April 2008 by a group of enthusiasts who shared a belief that the sport could prosper in the area.	Chester Gladiators	2008
inception	Gravitas Ventures, LLC is an international film distribution company formed in 2006 by Nolan Gallagher.	Gravitas Ventures	2006
inception	Founded in Stockbridge, Edinburgh in 1947 by the Scottish bakery owner William Alexander, the company was named after the Golden Wonder potato.	Golden Wonder	1947
inception	Intertek can trace its origins from a marine surveying business formed by Caleb Brett in the 1890s, a testing laboratory formed by Milton Hersey in Montreal in 1888 and a lamp testing centre established by Thomas Edison in 1896.	Intertek	1888
inception	The Pakokku U Ohn Pe literary award (Burmese: ပခုက္ကူ ဦးအုန်းဖေ စာပေဆု) is a literary award for Burmese writers that was established in 1992 by the businessman Pakokku U Ohn Pe, who initially provided K7.6 million to be used for prizes.	Pakokku U Ohn Pe literary award	1992
inception	Founded in 1903, it publishes three academic journals (American Political Science Review, Perspectives on Politics, and PS: Political Science & Politics).	American Political Science Review	1903
inception	Innopolis was established on December 24, 2012 as a technology park.	Innopolis	2012
inception	Schon Properties entered the UAE real estate market in 1996.	Schon Properties	1996
inception	The Roanoke Express were a team in the ECHL from 1993 until 2004.	Roanoke Express	1993
inception	Swindon 105.5 was launched on Saturday the 15th of March 2008 at The County Ground, Home of Swindon Town F.C. with the Town Crier of Swindon, Fred Ferris.	Swindon 105.5	2008
inception	SM City Tarlac was opened to the public on April 30, 2010 after almost 2 years of planning and construction.	SM City Tarlac	2010
inception	Project Damage Control (PDC) was formed by Alan Sandifer and Brent Handy in 2004.	Project Damage Control	2004
inception	FC Arsenal-2 Tula (Russian: ФК ``Арсенал-2'' Тула) is a Russian football team from Tula, founded in 2012.	FC Arsenal-2 Tula	2012
inception	The Scottish Senior Citizens Unity Party (SSCUP) was formed on 3 February 2003, in time to contest that year's elections to the Scottish Parliament.	Scottish Senior Citizens Unity Party	3 February 2003
inception	On September 9, 2013, NCG Banco announced that it would sell the EVO Banco division to the American private equity firm Apollo Global Management for 60 million euros.	EVO Banco	2013
inception	Founded in 1926 by the Radio Corporation of America (RCA), NBC is the oldest major broadcast network in the United States.	NBC	1926
inception	Dark Fortress is a melodic black metal band from Landshut, Germany, formed in 1994.	Dark Fortress	1994
inception	Slant Six Games was a Canadian Independent video game developer founded in 2005.	Slant Six Games	2005
inception	The Morgenland Festival Osnabrück is a German music festival that has taken place since 2005 at various venues in Osnabrück, Germany.	Morgenland Festival Osnabrück	2005
inception	Founded by film majors from William Paterson University in 2008, Killer Goose Films has produced and co-produced nine short films and is currently in production on a feature-length documentary about College Radio Day.	Killer Goose Films	2008
inception	East African Safari Air Limited was founded by Anthony A Kegode, and derived from a company known as Car Hire Services (Aviation) Limited, which was incorporated on or about 16 May 1989 in the Companies Registry as No. C. 40158.	East African Safari Air	1989
inception	Founded in Clearwater, FL by Edward C. Raymund in November 1974, Tech Data Corporation marketed data processing supplies for mini and mainframe computers.	Tech Data	1974
inception	Mossimo is a mid-range American clothing company, founded in 1986 by designer Mossimo Giannulli, and currently owned by Iconix Brand Group.	Mossimo	1986
inception	Köpenicker Blues und Jazz Festival is an open air jazz festival held every summer since 1996 in Berlin, Germany.	Köpenicker Blues und Jazz Festival	1996
inception	Ecologists Without Borders Association (Slovene: Društvo Ekologi brez meja) is a non-profit environmentalist organization founded in March 2009 in Slovenia with the intent of organizing environmental projects.	Ecologists Without Borders	2009
inception	The Belizean Writers and Poets Society is a literary organization established in 2005 to promote Belizean writing and poetry.	Belizean Writers and Poets Society	2005
inception	Beginning in 2013, the promotion began to produce Life in Color Festival, a music festival with multiple stages and a larger lineup of performers.	Life in Color	2013
inception	Joplin Demize is an American amateur soccer club based in Joplin, Missouri, which began play in the fourth-tier National Premier Soccer League (NPSL) in May 2014 with the 2014 NPSL season.	Joplin Demize	2014
inception	Following early testing based on Klingberg's research, Cogmed was founded in 2001 at the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm.	Cogmed	2001
inception	Founded in July 2008 by a group of former Ardence executives, IntervalZero is headed by CEO Jeffrey D. Hibbard.	IntervalZero	2008
inception	Founded in 1971 1973 Establishment of the Institute of Livestock Processing Co., Ltd. 1975 Change of the company name to Nihon Shokken Co., Ltd. 1989 start ``BANSANKAN''	Nihon Shokken	1971
inception	In 1995, Jay T. Deakins, founder and President, formed Deacom in his mother-in-law's basement.	Deacom	1995
inception	PlanetLove was an annual Northern Irish electronic music festival which was held since 1998 - with a skipped year in 2004.	PlanetLove	1998
inception	Survata was a member of the Summer 2012 Y Combinator class.	Survata	2012
inception	In 1991, high-schoolers Mac Powell and Mark Lee formed Third Day as a Christian music group with pianist Billy Wilkins and guitarist August McCoy.	Third Day	1991
inception	In 2011, it was announced that Hell Within would be breaking up, with their last show taking place on November 11 in their hometown of Lowell.	Hell Within	2011
inception	Uncaged Campaigns was established in 1993 by Angela Roberts and Lynn Williamson.	Uncaged Campaigns	1993
inception	In 1968 the electronics business of Thomson-Brandt merged with Compagnie Générale de Télégraphie Sans Fil (CSF) to form Thomson-CSF.	Thomson-CSF	1968
inception	CommerceHub was formed in 1997 to develop e-commerce integration services for the sharing of data and business processes between trading partners.	CommerceHub	1997
inception	Kremenchuk was supposedly founded in 1571.	Kremenchuk	1571
inception	Irving Tissue was started in 1988 in Saint John, New Brunswick after J.D. Irving acquired a tissue paper mill from Kimberly-Clark in the city's west side (adjacent to Irving Pulp and Paper).	Irving Tissue	1988
inception	In 2014, the unit was again renamed into the Light Reaction Regiment due to its heroic stand in Zamboanga in September 2013.	Light Reaction Regiment	2014
inception	FC Vestsjælland was founded in January 2008 as the professional structure comprising the first team of the mother club, Slagelse B&I (SBI).	FC Vestsjælland	2008
inception	The English Shinty Association was founded in 2013 by three ex-University Shinty players with a passion for reviving the game in England.	English Shinty Association	2013
inception	Fieldhead are a British band formed in Leeds, England, in 2008 and led by Paul Elam, a member of The Declining Winter.	Fieldhead	2008
inception	The Citizens Centre for Freedom and Democracy was established in 2003, by Link Byfield, a journalist and businessman best known as a writer, editor, and publisher of the Alberta Report magazine, and one of Alberta's senators-in-waiting.	Citizens Centre for Freedom and Democracy	2003
inception	The National Order of the Southern Cross (Portuguese: Ordem Nacional do Cruzeiro do Sul) is a Brazilian order of chivalry founded by Emperor Pedro I on 1 December 1822.	Order of the Southern Cross	1822
inception	The first Miss Mongolia competition took place in 2001.	Miss Mongolia	2001
inception	The New York International Independent Film and Video Festival was a film, music and art series of events at various American cities, founded in 1993.	New York International Independent Film and Video Festival	1993
inception	The Amphi Festival is a music festival that has been taking place since 2005 featuring a wide-ranging program for a heterogeneous audience, albeit primarily fans of alternative, electronic music, and dark music.	Amphi Festival	2005
inception	FC Wels is an Austrian association football club founded in 2003 by the merger of the traditional clubs SK Eintracht Wels and FC Union.	FC Wels	2003
inception	Les Dissonances (The Dissonances) is a European classical music orchestra created in 2004 by the violinist David Grimal.	Les Dissonances	2004
inception	In 1997, a group of state-based LGBT advocacy organizations came together to form the Equality Federation, which originally operated as a volunteer-run coalition.	Equality Federation	1997
inception	Prismacolor is a brand of professional artists' supplies originated by Berol in 1938, and now manufactured by Newell Rubbermaid.	Prismacolor	1938
inception	The Gersch was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1996.	The Gersch	1996
inception	EurActiv.com was founded in 1999 by Christophe Leclercq, following which EurActiv.fr was launched to cater EU news to the French population.	EurActiv	1999
inception	The Amateurliga Saarland was the highest football league in the state of Saarland and the third tier of the German football league system from 1951, when the clubs from the Saar returned to Germany, till the formation of the Oberliga Südwest and the Verbandsliga Saarland below it in 1978.	Amateurliga Saarland	1951
inception	Aeon Zen are a progressive metal band formed in 2008, led by founding member Rich Hinks.	Aeon Zen	2008
inception	Schiersteiner Kantorei (Schierstein Chorale) is a German concert choir, founded in 1962 at the Christophoruskirche in Wiesbaden-Schierstein.	Schiersteiner Kantorei	1962
inception	Zyklon was a Norwegian blackened death metal band formed in 1998 by Samoth and Trym of Emperor, along with members of Myrkskog.	Zyklon	1998
inception	RenewableUK Cymru's activities commenced in 2006 with the appointment of a full time Wales officer, Llywelyn Rhys.	RenewableUK Cymru	2006
inception	Spare Change Payments was founded in 2007 by Mark Rose, Simon Ru and Lex Bayer, with offices in Cupertino, California.	Spare Change Payments	2007
inception	The company was founded in 2008 by Karnika E. Yashwant and branded as KEY Difference.	KEY Difference	2008
inception	The Bradenton Explorers were one of the eight original franchises that began play in the Senior Professional Baseball Association in 1989.	Bradenton Explorers	1989
inception	The Van Riebeeck Society is a South African organisation founded in 1918, setting itself the goal of republishing historical primary sources and making these available to the average reader.	Van Riebeeck Society	1918
inception	Avantel was founded in October 1994 by Mexican investors partnered with Banamex and MCI (acquired by Verizon Communications) after the deregulation of the communications industry in Mexico.	Avantel	1994
inception	106.9 West Hull FM formerly known as (WHCR FM) West Hull Community Radio, is a local community radio station, which launched in 2007, as the first community station in the city of Kingston upon Hull, England.	106.9 West Hull FM	2007
inception	The Hollywood Book Festival, which includes an awards ceremony and daytime festival, has been in existence since 2006.	Hollywood Book Festival	2006
inception	Codeseven was formed in 1995 as a melodic hardcore band in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.	Codeseven	1995
inception	The Simone de Beauvoir Prize (French: Prix Simone de Beauvoir pour la liberté des femmes) is an international human rights prize for women's freedom, awarded since 2008 to individuals or groups fighting for gender equality and opposing breaches of human rights.	Simone de Beauvoir Prize	2008
inception	Modern High School for Girls was founded by Mrs. B.M. Birla on January 3, 1952.	Modern High School for Girls	1952
inception	The Northern Transylvania Holocaust Memorial Museum is located in Șimleu Silvaniei, Romania and was opened September 11, 2005.	Northern Transylvania Holocaust Memorial Museum	2005
inception	Rire & Chansons is created by Jean-Paul Baudecroux in 1989 in Paris on the Parisian frequency of the defunct radio station Pacific FM, which was acquired by the NRJ Group and the frequencies were redistributed to Chérie FM.	Rire & Chansons	1989
inception	Churchill Investments Group, also known as CIG Investments, was launched in 1986 as an energy trading and communications company.	Churchill Investments Group	1986
inception	Cavendish Corporate Finance was co-founded in 1988 by Lord Leigh of Hurley, Senior Partner at Cavendish and Hugo Haddon-Grant, who currently acts as a business consultant for the company.	Cavendish Corporate Finance	1988
inception	In 2001, the Nanhai Neusoft Institute of Information opened at Nanhai Software Park in Foshan (Guangdong province), as well as the Chengdu Neusoft University in Dujiangyan, near Chengdu (Sichuan Province).	Neusoft Institute of Information	2001
inception	Adam Pressley and Ryan Spencer formed Jamaican Queens in Detroit in 2011.	Jamaican Queens	2011
inception	On May 30, 2013, the Federal Government of Somalia announced that the Cabinet had approved draft legislation on a new Somali Disaster Management Agency (SDMA), which had originally been proposed by the Ministry of Interior.	Somali Disaster Management Agency	2013
inception	Tormentor is a black metal band formed in 1986 in Budapest, Hungary.	Tormentor	1986
inception	The Polish Rifle Squads (Polskie Drużyny Strzeleckie, PDS) was a Polish pro-independence paramilitary organization, founded in 1911 by the Youth Independence Organization Zarzewie in the Austro-Hungarian sector of partitioned Poland.	Polish Rifle Squads	1911
inception	Big Ten Network was launched at 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time on August 30, 2007, with Big Ten Tonight as its inaugural program.	Big Ten Network	2007
inception	Rockland Records is an American record label founded by R&B recording artist and record producer R. Kelly in 1998, Having distribution from Interscope Records.	Rockland Records	1998
inception	Belmont Books was an American publisher of paperback books founded in 1960.	Belmont Books	1960
inception	Sally Cruise was a wholly owned subsidiary of Rederi Ab Sally, Finland that operated cruise ships on the Baltic Sea between the years 1986 and 1992.	Sally Cruise	1986
inception	The Virginia Discovery Museum was incorporated in 1981.	Virginia Discovery Museum	1981
inception	Ford Field was constructed after Comerica Park, opening in 2002.	Ford Field	2002
inception	Larry Sherman and Screamin'' Rachael Cain, co-owners and founders of Trax Records, began operations in 1983 by purchasing Musical Products, and Trax Records began in 1984.	Trax Records	1984
inception	Between 2005 and 2011, the company was called Fiat Powertrain Technologies S.p.A. and included industrial and commercial power train activities that are now a separate entity called FPT Industrial and a subsidiary of Fiat Industrial.	Fiat Powertrain Technologies	2005
inception	Steppenwolf Theatre Company is a Tony Award-winning Chicago theatre company founded in 1974 by Gary Sinise, Terry Kinney, Jeff Perry, and H.E. Baccus in the Unitarian church on Half Day Road in Deerfield.	Steppenwolf Theatre Company	1974
inception	He became a pilot, and the loss of his first wife and son in a plane crash did not stop him from moving to Compton, California, in 1947 and establishing Arrow Air.	Arrow Air	1947
inception	Winner of the 2006 Billy Hyde Drum Championships 2x Winner at the 2007 JB Hi-Fi Awards, Best Alternative Rock Song - ``Someone Sued Superman'' and Best Artist - Tom Ugly.	Tom Ugly	2006
inception	Nord University is a Norwegian state university, which was established by the King-in-Council on 9 October 2015.	Nord University	2015
inception	Matsieng is a Setswana traditional music trio formed in 2005 in Gaborone Botswana.	Matsieng	2005
inception	Performance Channel launched in 1985 and was an evening cable-only service for many years.	Performance Channel	1985
inception	The Argentine Fascist Party (Partido Fascista Argentino, PFA) was a fascist political party in Argentina from 1932 until its official disbandment in 1936, when it was succeeded by the National Fascist Union (Union Nacional Fascista, UNF).	Argentine Fascist Party	1932
inception	The company was started as a home business in 1893 by Cesira and Costantino Carapelli.	Carapelli	1893
inception	CNN Türk is a nationwide channel broadcasting exclusively in Turkey, owned by Doğan Medya Grubu, broadcasting since October 11, 1999.	CNN Türk	1999
inception	Alec Bradley is the name of a popular brand of handmade cigars established in 1996 by Alan Rubin, the son of an importer of hardware supplies.	Alec Bradley	1996
inception	Hindu Munnani was founded in 1980 or 1982 by Shri Ramagopalan in the backdrop of the Meenakshipuram conversions.	Hindu Munnani	1980
inception	Auto-Train Corporation's new service began operations on December 6, 1971, between Lorton, Virginia, and Sanford, Florida.	Auto-Train Corporation	1971
inception	The first PGF was developed by TrackingPoint, an Austin, Texas-based applied technology company formed by John McHale in February 2011.	TrackingPoint	2011
inception	Wild Wing Cafe was started by Atlanta native Cecil Crowley and his wife Diane, who opened the chain's first location in Hilton Head, South Carolina in June 1990.	Wild Wing Cafe	1990
inception	Mövenpick Hotels & Resorts traces its roots back to the privately owned Mövenpick Group, which was founded by the late Ueli Prager in 1948 when he opened his first restaurant --	Mövenpick Hotels & Resorts	1948
inception	The National Socialism Association (NSA) (Chinese: 國家社會主義學會) is a neo-fascist political organization founded in Taiwan in September 2006 by Hsu Na-chi (Chinese: 許娜琦), at that time a 22-year-old female political science graduate of Soochow University.	National Socialism Association	2006
inception	Darashaw is an Indian brokering and investment banking company founded in 1926.	Darashaw	1926
inception	Imperial Airways Limited was formed on 31 March 1924 with equipment from each contributing concern:	Imperial Airways	31 March 1924
inception	Vineyard Vines is an American clothing and accessory retailer founded in 1998 near Martha's Vineyard in Massachusetts, by brothers Shep and Ian Murray.	Vineyard Vines	1998
inception	KFOG KaBoom was an annual outdoor concert held by KFOG in San Francisco and which occurred in May from 1994 to 2010.	KFOG KaBoom	1994
inception	Since its inception in 1992, Toronto Institute of Pharmaceutical Technology has provided education to science graduates and industry employees pharmaceutical multinationals such as GlaxoSmithKline, Patheon, Teva and Biovail.	Toronto Institute of Pharmaceutical Technology	1992
inception	The Bank of Greenland was founded on 26 May 1967 by a number of Danish banks, during the era when Greenland was still a province of Denmark.	Bank of Greenland	1967
inception	The One World Singers was formed in 2010 when the Denver Turnverein Chorus changed its name.	One World Singers	2010
inception	Dhulikhel Medical Institute (DMI ), in Dhulikhel, Nepal, was created in 1998 through a partnership between Dhulikhel Hospital, Kathmandu University, and Til Ganga Eye Care Centre with the assistance of DANIDA, Dhulikhel Municipality Quality Education Project.	Dhulikhel Medical Institute	1998
inception	The Pennsylvania Railroad (reporting mark PRR) was an American Class I railroad, founded in 1846.	Pennsylvania Railroad	1846
inception	In 1951, the Italian army raised the Lagunari as an amphibious infantry unit.	Lagunari	1951
inception	The sloboda of Grayvorony (Грайвороны) was founded on August 5, 1678.	Grayvoron	1678
inception	Founded in 1995 with assistance from the Jewish Agency, Shir Appeal is one of the nation's oldest collegiate Jewish a cappella groups.	Shir Appeal	1995
inception	The duo debuted on Black Moon's 1993 album Enta da Stage, appearing on the tracks ``Blac Smif-N-Wessun'' and ``U Da Man''.	Smif-N-Wessun	1993
inception	The Alois Kottmann Award was founded and donated in 2001.	Alois Kottmann Award	2001
inception	EE-Media is a C-pop (Mandopop) record label, founded in China 2004 by Long Danni under the parent company Hunan Broadcasting System.	EE-Media	2004
inception	Takaud Savings and Pensions B.S.C. was launched in 2011 and is considered the MENA region's specialist provider of savings and pensions.	Takaud Savings and Pensions B.S.C.	2011
inception	The Non-Proliferation and Disarmament Initiative (NPDI) is a coalition of states within the framework of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) formed in 2010.	Non-Proliferation and Disarmament Initiative	2010
inception	In 1993, Dovrat led Tecnomatix's IPO on the NASDAQ (TCNO).	Tecnomatix	1993
inception	DoubleBear Productions is an indie game studio founded in June 2009 by writer and game designer Brian Mitsoda.	DoubleBear Productions	2009
inception	Ust-Maya was founded in 1930 as a base for gold mining activities on the Allakh-Yun and Yudoma Rivers to the east.	Ust-Maya	1930
inception	Grameen Danone Foods, popularly known as Grameen Danone, is a social business enterprise, launched in 2006, which has been designed to provide children with many of the key nutrients that are typically missing from their diet in rural Bangladesh.	Grameen Danone	2006
inception	Universiti Malaysia Sarawak (English: University of Malaysia, Sarawak) or UNIMAS was officially incorporated on 24 December 1992.	Universiti Malaysia Sarawak	1992
inception	Green Man Gaming officially started trading on 10 May 2010 with a launch catalogue of 500 games from 26 publishers.	Green Man Gaming	2010
inception	The Green Party of New Brunswick (Français: Parti vert du Nouveau-Brunswick) was formed in November 2008 to run in provincial elections.	Green Party of New Brunswick	2008
inception	G7 Welcoming Committee Records was a Canadian independent record label started by Chris Hannah and Jord Samolesky of punk band, Propagandhi, and their friend, Regal, in 1997.	G7 Welcoming Committee Records	1997
inception	Totem Acoustic was founded in 1987 by Vince Bruzzese, also the company's chief designer.	Totem Acoustic	1987
inception	The Viper Label is an independent record label from Liverpool, England and was founded in 1999 by musicians Mike Badger and Paul Hemmings both former members of The La's and The Onset.	The Viper Label	1999
inception	The Modern Left (La Gauche moderne, LGM), is a French centrist political party founded in 2007.	Modern Left	2007
inception	TNL Onstage commenced in 1999.	TNL Onstage	1999
inception	The Arizona Association of Counties (AACo) was established in 1968 as a member association for all elected officials of Arizona's 15 counties.	Arizona Association of Counties	1968
inception	Sonali Bank was established in 1972 under the Bangladesh Banks (Nationalisation) Order, through the amalgamation and nationalisation of the branches of National Bank of Pakistan, Bank of Bhowalpur and Premier Bank branches located in East Pakistan until the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation War.	Sonali Bank	1972
inception	The University of Maribor (Slovene: Univerza v Mariboru) is Slovenia's second largest university, established in 1975 in Maribor, Slovenia.	University of Maribor	1975
inception	The Big Lobster was opened on 15 December 1979 after six months of construction.	Big Lobster	1979
inception	Founded in 1989 as Bancredicard FC, the team changed its name to Club Barcelona Atlético in 2003.	Club Barcelona Atlético	1989
inception	The Republican National Lawyers Association (RNLA) was founded in 1985 and is the national organization of Republican lawyers in the United States.	Republican National Lawyers Association	1985
inception	Tapton Youth Brass Band is a brass band formed in 1994 in Sheffield, England as the Tapton School band.	Tapton Youth Brass Band	1994
inception	The Oxymorrons were formed in 2009 by Ashmy ``KI'' Bellevue, Anthony ``Ony'' Irvin and Omar Hernandez in Queens, NY.	Oxymorrons	2009
inception	On March 30, 2011, WeatherNation TV, Inc. announced that it would launch a new national weather channel, to be named WeatherNation TV, beginning in the second quarter of 2011, with cable television providers that were members of the National Cable Television Cooperative being the first to offer the new network.	WeatherNation TV	2011
inception	The result was the creation of the Friends of New Germany in July 1933.	Friends of New Germany	July 1933
inception	In 1963, the Ethiopian government split the State Bank of Ethiopia into two banks, the National Bank of Ethiopia (the central bank), and the Commercial Bank of Ethiopia (CBE).	Commercial Bank of Ethiopia	1963
inception	CSKA Samara is a Russian women's basketball team from Samara, Russia, founded in 2002.	CSKA Samara	2002
inception	In March 2012, shortly after the Katavi Region was created, Dr. Rajab Mtumwa Rutengwe was appointed Katavi Regional Commissioner.	Katavi Region	2012
inception	Within the Bundesland Schleswig-Holstein, the area remained divided into the districts of Norderdithmarschen (Northern Ditmarsh) and Süderdithmarschen (Southern Ditmarsh) before they were united in 1970 as the district of Dithmarschen.	Dithmarschen	1970
inception	The Corn Sisters were a Canadian-U.S. alternative country act formed in Vancouver in 1998 as a side project by Neko Case and Carolyn Mark.	The Corn Sisters	1998
inception	Bennet and the Band is a backing band founded in 1998 by Bennet Roland, Guitarist/Music Director, from Kerala.	Bennet and the Band	1998
inception	Formerly ``Jiangsu Shagang Group Company Limited'', it was established in 1975 with self-financing of only 450,000 Yuan.	Shagang Group	1975
inception	The Golden Jubilee National Hospital was built in 1994, as a private hospital by Health Care International.	Golden Jubilee National Hospital	1994
inception	Les Musiciens du Louvre (literally The Musicians of the Louvre) is a French period instrument ensemble, formed in 1982.	Les Musiciens du Louvre	1982
inception	The Cable Consortium of Liberia (CCL) is a public-private partnership formed in 2010 to own and operate Liberia's cable landing point for the ACE cable system.	Cable Consortium of Liberia	2010
inception	PAE Motorsport was a V8 Supercar team that contested the 1999 V8 Supercars Series	PAE Motorsport	1999
inception	Spacious was founded in 2013 by Asif Ghafoor, former Goldman Sachs and Standard Chartered Bank development manager, senior IT director and application architect, and was part of Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation incubator program.	Spacious	2013
inception	From 1803 to 1851, the Ohio Secretary of State was elected by the Ohio General Assembly to a three-year term.	Ohio Secretary of State	1803
inception	In 1096 the Count of Toulouse, leaving for the Crusade, transmitted his rights on the eastern part of Gévaudan to the Bishop of Mende.	Gévaudan	1096
inception	The Society was registered on May 28, 1993 with the Bundespolizeidirektion in Vienna as the ``Europäische Gesellschaft für Translationswissenschaft (European Society for Translation Studies - EST)''.	European Society for Translation Studies	1993
inception	The Elliott School of International Affairs at the George Washington University (GWU) is a professional school of international relations founded in 1898 as the School of Comparative Jurisprudence and Diplomacy.	Elliott School of International Affairs	1898
inception	Ensoniq was founded in 1982 by former MOS Technology engineers Robert ``Bob'' Yannes (designer of the MOS Technology SID chip for the Commodore 64 home computer), Bruce Crockett, and Al Charpentier.	Ensoniq	1982
inception	Rytmihäiriö is a Finnish hardcore punk, thrash metal, grindcore and surmacore Helsinki-based band established in 1988 until 1992, when the band was put on a hiatus.	Rytmihäiriö	1988
inception	Monash South Africa is a private university founded in 2001, located on a 100 hectare site in Ruimsig in north-west Johannesburg, in the province of Gauteng.	Monash South Africa	2001
inception	The Iona Community, founded in 1938 by the Rev George MacLeod, is an ecumenical Christian community of men and women from different walks of life and different traditions in the Christian church.	Iona Community	1938
inception	The Wisconsin Film Festival is an annual film festival, founded in 1999.	Wisconsin Film Festival	1999
inception	Infected Mushroom is an Israeli psytrance/electronica/psychedelic duo formed in Haifa in 1996 by producers Erez Eisen and Amit Duvdevani.	Infected Mushroom	1996
inception	Cross Generation Entertainment, or CrossGen, was an American comic book publisher and entertainment company that operated from 1998 to 2004.	CrossGen	1998
inception	Mamoun University for Science and Technology (MUST) (Arabic: جامعة المأمون للعلوم والتكنولوجيا‎), is a private university in Syria, established in 2003.	Mamoun University for Science and Technology	2003
inception	Miss Sixty (stylized as MISS SIXTY or MISS 60) is an Italian fashion brand, launched in 1991.	Miss Sixty	1991
inception	Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (KVASU) is a university established by the Government of Kerala in December 2010 to further education, research and extension services in the field of Veterinary and Animal Sciences.	Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University	2010
inception	Peter Bray Gallery (a commercial gallery) was established at 435 Bourke Street, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia in 1951, and closed in 1957.	Peter Bray Gallery	1951
inception	Since Dame-Nation Redux 2010, the festival has been sponsored by United Kingdom based Femme Metal Records.	Dame-Nation	2010
inception	Pineapple Air was founded in 1999 by K. Michael Carey CEO and president of Pineapple Air Limited.	Pineapple Air	1999
inception	Acrobat Records is the independent record label of American songwriter Matt Nathanson formed in 1993.	Acrobat Records	1993
inception	Thee Headcoats was a band formed in Chatham, Kent, England in 1989, that was well known for its garage rock sound, explicitly sticking to this style on almost all of their albums.	Thee Headcoats	1989
inception	They began as studio engineers and in 1997 formed the group Zero 7.	Zero 7	1997
inception	Voigtländer (German pronunciation: (ˈfoːktlɛndɐ)) is an optical company founded by Johann Christoph Voigtländer in Vienna in 1756 and is thus the oldest name in cameras.	Voigtländer	1756
inception	Concerto Copenhagen, also known as CoCo, is a Danish period instrument orchestra, established in 1991 and directed since 1999 by harpsichordist Lars Ulrik Mortensen.	Concerto Copenhagen	1991
inception	Founded in 1996 in the ``evening of the postmodern day,'' Dactyl Foundation supports an aesthetic that is informed by science, history, and philosophy.	Dactyl Foundation	1996
inception	Sociedade Esportiva do Gama is a Brazilian football team, based in the city of Gama, in the Distrito Federal, founded on November 15, 1975.	Sociedade Esportiva do Gama	1975
inception	Plus TV (Chinese: 文化資訊頻道, aTV5) is a television channel produced by Asia Television which was broadcast during December 31, 2007 till April 1, 2009.	Plus TV	2007
inception	Masbia is the brainchild of Mordechai Mandelbaum, a Hasidic Jewish resident of Brooklyn who donated the seed money for the first restaurant in Borough Park in 2005.	Masbia	2005
inception	Simon & Schuster, Inc., a division of CBS Corporation, is a publisher founded in New York City in 1924 by Richard L. Simon and M. Lincoln (``Max'') Schuster.	Simon & Schuster	1924
inception	As of December 2006, Costcutter (Ireland) was owned by James A. Barry and Co. Costcutter was founded in 1986 by Colin Graves.	Costcutter	1986
inception	Moody's Analytics is a subsidiary of Moody's Corporation established in 2007 to focus on non-rating activities, separate from Moody's Investors Service.	Moody's Analytics	2007
inception	The Madras Observatory was founded by the British East India Company in 1786 in Chennai (then Madras).	Madras Observatory	1786
inception	Sree Narayana Gurukulam College of Engineering ( SNGCE ) was established in the year 2002 by Kunnathunadu S.N.D.P Union, headquartered at Perumbavoor with a view to accomplish the ideals of Sree Narayana Guru (1855--1928), the social reformer who is considered as the leader of Indian Renaissance movement.	Sree Narayana Gurukulam College of Engineering	2002
inception	Sacred Oath was originally formed in 1985 by Rob Thorne and Pete Altieri while the two were classmates at Bethel High School.	Sacred Oath	1985
inception	Bus Queensland Toowoomba was formed in April 2009 when the Pulitano Group purchased both the Garden City Sunbus and Kynoch Coaches operations.	Bus Queensland Toowoomba	2009
inception	Åkers IF, abbreviated ÅIF, is a Swedish sports club founded in 1918 and based in Åkers styckebruk.	Åkers IF	1918
inception	Imagitec Design Limited was a video games development company from 1989 to 1992, based in the UK.	Imagitec Design	1989
inception	Optus can trace its beginnings back to the formation of the Government-owned AUSSAT Pty Limited in 1981.	Optus	1981
inception	Akhil Bharatiya Itihas Sankalan Yojana (translation: All-India history reform project) is a subsidiary organisation of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), founded in 1978-79 with the stated objective of writing, or rewriting, Indian history from a national perspective.	Akhil Bharatiya Itihas Sankalan Yojana	1978
inception	The Durrës Archaeological Museum (Albanian: Muzeu Arkeologjik) in Durrës, Albania, established in 1951, is the largest archaeological museum in the country.	Durrës Archaeological Museum	1951
inception	Ferromex began operating on February 19, 1998, following the privatization of most of the government-owned railways by then President of Mexico Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon.	Ferromex	1998
inception	The Order of the White Rose of Finland was established by Gustaf Mannerheim in his capacity as regent (temporary head of state) on January 28, 1919.	Order of the White Rose of Finland	1919
inception	Tin Ka Ping Secondary School (Chinese: 田家炳中學) is an English as the medium of instruction (EMI) secondary school located in Fanling, Sheung Shui, founded in 1994.	Tin Ka Ping Secondary School	1994
inception	The Sterling Foundation School, established in 1997, is a non-profit school in Lahore, Pakistan.	The Sterling Foundation School	1997
inception	They met each other in 2002 and formed WaT, playing live street performances with their guitars.	WaT	2002
inception	One Day as a Lion is a power duo that was started in 2008 by Zack de la Rocha, the vocalist of Rage Against the Machine and Jon Theodore, former drummer of The Mars Volta and current drummer of Queens of the Stone Age.	One Day as a Lion	2008
inception	Haier Road Station (Chinese: 海尔路) is a station of the Qingdao Metro on Line 3, which opened on 16 December 2015.	Haier Road Station	2015
inception	Established in 1976, the Multicultural History Society of Ontario collects, preserves, and makes available irreplaceable records of our histories of migration and ethnicity.	Multicultural History Society of Ontario	1976
inception	Borealis Records is a Canadian record label, founded in 1996 by four Canadian musicians.	Borealis Records	1996
inception	VyOS version 1.0.0 (Hydrogen) was released on December 22, 2013.	VyOS	2013
inception	WWTO-TV began broadcasting operations in early December 1986.	WWTO-TV	1986
inception	Under the leadership of Governor Thomas J. Meskill, the General Assembly created the Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority in 1973 with the passage of Public Act 73-549.	Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority	1973
inception	GospoCentric Records is an Inglewood, California based Gospel music record label started as an independent label by Vicki Mack Lataillade and Claude Lataillade in 1993.	GospoCentric Records	1993
inception	Mistral Air was established in 1981 by actor and former swimmer Bud Spencer and started operations in 1984.	Mistral Air	1981
inception	L'Auto-Journal is a bimonthly magazine created in 1950 by Robert Hersant and editor-in-chief Gilles Guérithault, devoted to automobiles.	L'Auto-Journal	1950
inception	The station was assigned the call sign ``KXEA'' by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on February 25, 2010.	KXEA	2010
inception	Joe Tea is a Montclair, New Jersey based producer of iced tea and chips founded in 1998 by Steven Prato.	Joe Tea	1998
inception	Miss Universe Kenya is a national pageant in Kenya that was first held in 2004 and an annual national contest to choose ambassador for the Miss Universe pageant.	Miss Universe Kenya	2004
inception	Cofix (Hebrew: קופיקס‎, a portmanteau of coffee and fix) is an Israeli coffee shop, bar and supermarket chain established in 2013 by Avner ``Avi'' Katz.	Cofix	2013
inception	Pink Soap is a cable television channel available in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and Serbia, owned by Pink Media Group launched on May 1, 2013.	Pink Soap	2013
inception	Streetkind is an American rock band from Miami Beach, Florida that was formed in 2004.	Streetkind	2004
inception	American Management Systems (previous NASDAQ symbol: AMSY) was a high technology and management consulting firm, founded in 1970 by a group of five former Defense Department officials who had worked under Robert McNamara in the Kennedy and Johnson administration.	American Management Systems	1970
inception	The first Pan-Armenian Games took place from August 28, 1999 to September 5, 1999.	Pan-Armenian Games	1999
inception	The City Spectacular opened in 2006 and takes place over three days in mid-June.	City Spectacular	2006
inception	The Oxford Manifesto, drawn up in April 1947 at Wadham College in Oxford by representatives from 19 liberal political parties, led by Salvador de Madariaga, is a document describing the basic political principles of the Liberal International.	Liberal International	April 1947
inception	Reason Foundation's primary publication is the magazine Reason, which began publishing in 1968 by Lanny Friedlander, and was originally an infrequently published mimeographed magazine.	Reason Foundation	1968
inception	Manor House Publishing Incorporated is a small Canadian publishing company, established in 1998 and based in the Ancaster neighborhood of Hamilton Ontario.	Manor House Publishing	1998
inception	WNND was first assigned the call sign WSWZ on May 11, 1989, and aired an oldies format targeting Lancaster.	WNND	1989
inception	Racing Engineering is a Spanish racing team founded in 1999 by Alfonso de Orléans-Borbón.	Racing Engineering	1999
inception	Jazz Semiconductor Systems was founded on February 15, 2002, renamed itself Specialtysemi, Inc. later in February 2002 and to Jazz Semiconductor, Inc. in May 2002.	Jazz Semiconductor	February 2002
inception	Street Rhymes Studios is a Port Harcourt-based independent, sound recording studio founded by singer and record producer Slim Burna, after he quit working for record label Grafton Records in late 2008.	Street Rhymes Studios	2008
inception	Austel Motorcycles were produced by Austel Engineering of Maidenhead, Berkshire, England between 1985 and 1991.	Austel Motorcycles	1985
inception	Air France was formed on 7 October 1933 from a merger of Air Orient, Air Union, Compagnie Générale Aéropostale, Compagnie Internationale de Navigation Aérienne (CIDNA), and Société Générale de Transport Aérien (SGTA).	Air France	1933
inception	The Mighty Fishers is a Hungarian band formed in Budapest, in 2011 and is playing traditional rocksteady, early reggae and lovers rock as the one and only band in the country.	The Mighty Fishers	2011
inception	Sturm Café started out by the two teenage boys Gustav (born 1985) and Jonatan (born 1985) in 2001 under the name The Xenophobian Alliance.	Sturm Café	2001
inception	Folksamhuset (Swedish for ``Folksam Building'') is a high-rise office building at Skanstull on Södermalm, Stockholm and was erected in 1959 as the head office for the insurance company Folksam.	Folksamhuset	1959
inception	Slyce was founded by Cameron Chell and Erika Racicot in January 2012 through their business consulting firm that they founded together, Business Instincts.	Slyce	2012
inception	Along with their sister channel, Vettri TV, the Voice of Asia Network (Pvt) began broadcasting Siyatha TV on September 17, 2009 on E32 UHF.	Siyatha TV	2009
inception	Scient was a San Francisco-based Internet consulting company, founded in 1997, that was one of the large American consulting firms during the dot-com bubble.	Scient	1997
inception	ML Motorsports debuted in 1999 in what is now the ARCA RE/MAX Series.	ML Motorsports	1999
inception	The Rights and Justice Party (Turkish: Hak ve Adalet Partisi, abbreviated HAP) is a political party in Turkey led by Yiğit Zeki Öztürk since 2012.	Rights and Justice Party	2012
inception	Disabled Sports USA is a United States-based nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization founded in 1967 and based in Rockville, Maryland providing opportunities youth and adults with disabilities to develop independence, confidence and fitness through participation in disabled sports.	Disabled Sports USA	1967
inception	Institute of Modern Politics Since December 2009 the Institute publishes periodic monitoring reports ``State of the Parliamentary Rule''.	Institute of Modern Politics	2009
inception	The Society of Polymer Science was established in 1951 and currently has about 12,000 members.	Society of Polymer Science	1951
inception	Sky 2 is a British television channel originally launched in September 1996 and relaunched December 2002.	Sky 2	2002
inception	Q Beck founded Famigo in the fall of 2009, serving as the CEO.	Famigo	2009
inception	In 2014, ISRA (International Sport Racing Association), took 2005--08 A1 Grand Prix racing cars (Lola-Zytek) and created a new single-seater competition named Formula Acceleration 1, which is part of Acceleration 2014.	A1 Grand Prix	2005
inception	From 2006-2009 KWMY FM was KPBR FM branded as ``Rockin' Country 105.9 The Bar''.	KWMY	2006
inception	Hollywood Entertainment Corporation (Nasdaq: HLYW), known as Hollywood Video, was a VHS, DVD, and video game rental shop company started in 1988.	Hollywood Video	1988
inception	Veeker was one of the first platforms supporting near-real-time upload and sharing of mobile video, back in 2006, just prior to the arrival of the iPhone.	Veeker	2006
inception	The Greenguard Environmental Institute was founded in 2001 by indoor air quality scientist Dr. Marilyn Black.	Greenguard Environmental Institute	2001
inception	Established in 2009, American Solar Direct was co-founded by Brennan R. Mulcahy, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman.	American Solar Direct	2009
inception	In 2002, he formed DeathBoy as a live project after rejecting several alternative names, including ``DeathBoy and the Bomb Puppets''.	DeathBoy	2002
inception	Eyes of Fire is a California-based American sludge metal band formed in 1998 originally under the name Shiva.	Eyes of Fire	1998
inception	The Internet Hall of Fame (est. 2012) is an honorary lifetime achievement award administered by the Internet Society (ISOC) in recognition of individuals who have made significant contributions to the development and advancement of the Internet.	Internet Hall of Fame	2012
inception	The Stanley Park Ecology Society (SPES) is a non-profit organization founded in 1988 that works alongside of the Vancouver Board of Parks and Recreation to promote stewardship and conservation in Stanley Park.	Stanley Park Ecology Society	1988
inception	Sri Krishnadevaraya University College of Engineering And Technology came into existence in 2006 to mark the Silver Jubilee celebrations of the Sri Krishnadevaraya University.	Sri Krishnadevaraya University	2006
inception	The Best U.S. Female Olympian ESPY Award has been presented annually since 2009 to the sportswoman or team affiliated with the United States Olympic Committee and contesting sport internationally adjudged to be the best.	Best U.S. Female Olympian ESPY Award	2009
inception	Volgodonsk was founded on July 27, 1950 as a small settlement for the Tsimlyansk hydroelectric dam maintenance personnel.	Volgodonsk	1950
inception	The Mirisch Company was founded in August 1957 at which time it signed a 12-picture deal with United Artists (UA), which was extended to 20 films two years later.	Mirisch Company	1957
inception	Absolutely Productions is a television production company formed in 1988 by Morwenna Banks, Jack Docherty, Moray Hunter, Pete Baikie, John Sparkes and Gordon Kennedy, all of whom were the cast of British television comedy sketch show Absolutely.	Absolutely Productions	1988
inception	Darling Parade is an American Alternative Rock band from Nashville, formed in early 2007.	Darling Parade	2007
inception	Ikenna Stars Academy was established by Eze Ikenna Onuegbu in 2004 as a co- educational primary and secondary school with an initial intake of about 28 pioneer students and six experienced teachers.	Ikenna Stars Academy	2004
inception	RBD was a Mexican musical group that gained popularity from Televisa's teen series Rebelde, and found international success from 2004 until their separation in 2009.	RBD	2004
inception	FutureLearn is a massive open online course (MOOC) learning platform founded in December 2012.	FutureLearn	2012
inception	The Stéphane Ratel Organisation (abbreviated as SRO) is a motorsport organization founded by French driver Stéphane Ratel in 1995.	Stéphane Ratel Organisation	1995
inception	The Corps Marko-Guestphalia Aachen is a fraternity (Studentenverbindung) in Aachen, Germany, founded on December 2, 1871.	Corps Marko-Guestphalia Aachen	1871
inception	After Midnight Project began in 2004 in Los Angeles, California.	After Midnight Project	2004
inception	The SubAntarctic Foundation for Ecosystems Research (aka SAFER), founded in 1996 by New Zealand-based zoologist Dr. Peter Carey, is working on several habitat restoration projects on four small islands that SAFER owns in the western Falkland Islands.	SubAntarctic Foundation for Ecosystems Research	1996
inception	The Legion of Mary was founded by Duff on September 7, 1921 at Myra House, Francis Street, in Dublin.	Legion of Mary	1921
inception	Erasmus University College (or EUC) is a residential undergraduate college that started in 2013 with 85 students in four departments:	Erasmus University College	2013
inception	Emergenetics International was founded by CEO Geil Browning, Ph.D. in 1991.	Emergenetics International	1991
inception	AEK Larnaca B.C. was formed in 1994 after a merger of two Larnaca clubs:	AEK Larnaca B.C.	1994
inception	Majbølle Mølle is a smock mill at Majbølle, Denmark which was built in 1896 and has been restored to working order.	Majbølle Mølle	1896
inception	The Centre Union (EK, Greek: Ένωσις Κέντρου, Enosis Kentrou) was a Greek political party, created in 1961 by George Papandreou, senior.	Centre Union	1961
inception	Scouting in Kyrgyzstan was founded in November 1994 and is not yet a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, but is working toward WOSM recognition.	Scouting in Kyrgyzstan	1994
inception	Geewa was founded in 2005 and shortly afterwards launched the games portal Geewa.com with six initial games.	Geewa	2005
inception	Schlitterbahn began its first park, Schlitterbahn Waterpark Resort, in 1979.	Schlitterbahn	1979
inception	Untitled (Jazz Musicians) was fabricated in 1995 and was commissioned by the Sexton Companies.	Untitled (Jazz Musicians)	1995
inception	Universal Robots was founded in 2005 by the engineers Esben Østergaard, Kasper Støy, and Kristian Kassow.	Universal Robots	2005
inception	The Royal Park Hotel (Chinese: 帝都酒店), established in 1989, is one of the largest hotels in Sha Tin, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Royal Park Hotel	1989
inception	FemBots are a Canadian indie rock band from Toronto formed in 1998.	FemBots	1998
inception	The number one football sides of SC Turbine Erfurt and BSG Optima Erfurt were merged in 1966 and revived the name FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt, while the more junior sides stayed with their original clubs.	FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt	1966
inception	Cinema Prague are an Australian funk metal band, formed in Perth in 1986.	Cinema Prague	1986
inception	Frederick Taylor University was established in 1994 to cater to mature adult learners, 20 years or older.	Frederick Taylor University	1994
inception	Astron-6 is a Canadian film production and directing company founded in 2007 by Adam Brooks and Jeremy Gillespie.	Astron-6	2007
inception	La Roux's debut single, ``Quicksand'', was released by French independent record label Kitsuné Music in December 2008.	La Roux	2008
inception	On March 13, 1968, Chancellor George L. Simpson, Jr. recommended that the Board of Regents establish a University System Student Advisory Council.	Student Advisory Council	1968
inception	Nunaoil is the national oil company of Greenland founded in 1985 as an equal partnership between the Greenland Home Rule Government and DONG Energy.	Nunaoil	1985
inception	Rockwatch is the junior club of the Geologists' Association, and has been established under its auspices in November 2001.	Rockwatch	2001
inception	SentinelOne was founded in 2013 by security veterans from Intel, McAfee, Checkpoint, IBM and the Israel Defense Forces and financed with venture funding.	SentinelOne	2013
inception	The Fort Garry Historical Society is a non-profit organization formed in 1971 to foster the preservation of heritage sites in St. Norbert and Fort Garry in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Fort Garry Historical Society	1971
inception	After four years building Seaside FM from scratch and gaining charity status for the Social Enterprise, Turner stood down as Station Manager in September 2007, after obtaining all licences.	Seaside FM	2007
inception	Techno Animal's debut album Ghosts was released in 1991.	Techno Animal	1991
inception	Siskel/Jacobs Productions was founded in 2005 by filmmakers Jon Siskel and Greg Jacobs.	Siskel/Jacobs Productions	2005
inception	Critical Links was founded by Joao Carreira and began operations in 2006.	Critical Links	2006
inception	Sher-e-Kashmir University of Agricultural Sciences and Technology of Jammu (Hindi: शेर-ए-कश्मीर कृषि विज्ञान एवं प्रौद्योगिकी विश्वविद्यालय) came into existence on 20 September 1999 following the amendment in Sher-e-Kashmir University of Agricultural Sciences and Technology Act 1982 through the State legislature.	Sher-e-Kashmir University of Agricultural Sciences and Technology	20 September 1999
inception	The National Center for Data Mining (NCDM) is a center of the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC), established in 1998 to serve as a resource for research, standards development, and outreach for high performance and distributed data mining and predictive modeling.	National Center for Data Mining	1998
inception	The Open Forum of Cambodia (OFC) was formed in 1994 and is a not-for-profit organisation that aims to promote dialogue in Cambodian society.	Open Forum of Cambodia	1994
inception	Originally known as MX BookFinder, it was relaunched as BookFinder.com in 1998, and established as a standalone company based in Berkeley, California in 1999.	BookFinder.com	1999
inception	Glass Candy is an American electronic music duo from Portland, Oregon, formed in 1996 by vocalist Ida No and producer and multi-instrumentalist Johnny Jewel.	Glass Candy	1996
inception	The Sunday Express Book of the Year also known as The Sunday Express Fiction Award was awarded between 1987 and 1993.	The Sunday Express Book of the Year	1987
inception	The Ernst Jung Foundation, funded by Hamburg merchant Ernst Jung in 1967, grants the Ernst Jung Prize in Medicine, now € 300,000, since 1976 and the lifetime achievement Ernst Jung Gold Medal for Medicine since 1990.	Ernst Jung Prize	1976
inception	Walton Chaintech Corporation (Chaintech; Chinese: 承啟科技股份有限公司; pinyin: Chéngqǐ Kējì Gǔfèn Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī), founded in November 1986, is a Taiwanese computer hardware manufacturer.	Chaintech	November 1986
inception	The Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) is a non-profit legal advocacy organization based in New York City, U.S., co-founded in 1966 by William Kunstler and others.	Center for Constitutional Rights	1966
inception	Established in 1796, Hauck & Aufhäuser operated as a limited partnership (Kommanditgesellschaft) with personally liable partners.	Hauck & Aufhäuser	1796
inception	Theta Nu Xi Multicultural Sorority, Inc. (ΘNΞ) is a historically multicultural sorority founded on April 11, 1997, at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, by seven women who sought to bridge cultural gaps.	Theta Nu Xi	1997
inception	Yes Sir Boss! is a Bristol-based ska punk band founded in 2007 at Falmouth University.	Yes Sir Boss	2007
inception	Socialist March (Greek: Σοσιαλιστική Πορεία, Sosialistiki Poreia) was a Greek short-lived political party founded in 1975 by former members of PASOK who was expelled due to their disagreement with the party's leader, Andreas Papandreou.	Socialist March	1975
inception	On 1 April 2006 Expeditionary Air Wings (EAWs) were formed at nine of the RAF's Main Operating Bases.	Expeditionary Air Wing	2006
inception	Selle Royal (est 1956) is an Italian manufacturer of bicycle saddles.	Selle Royal	1956
inception	The Singapore Dance Theatre is Singapore's national dance company, founded in 1988 by the late Anthony Then and Goh Soo Khim.	Singapore Dance Theatre	1988
inception	Universidad Monteávila is a private, Roman Catholic - Opus Dei - University in Caracas, Venezuela, founded in 1998.	Universidad Monteávila	1998
inception	The Tchaikovsky Symphony Orchestra is a Russian classical music orchestra established in 1930.	Tchaikovsky Symphony Orchestra	1930
inception	Perpetual Entertainment, founded in March 2002, was an American developer, publisher and operator of networked multiplayer games and MMORPGs.	Perpetual Entertainment	2002
inception	AMAG Automobil- und Motoren AG is a Swiss car importer and dealer for Audi, Volkswagen, Skoda, SEAT and until about mid-2008 Porsche cars founded on January 3, 1945, by Walter Haefner.	AMAG Automobil- und Motoren	1945
inception	Hexis Racing was founded by Michel Mateu, CEO of Hexis S.A. in 2001, initially for participation in the French Formula Renault Championship.	Hexis Racing	2001
inception	East Horizon Airlines is an Afghan airline which began operation in December 2013.	East Horizon Airlines	2013
inception	In 1999, it became the conglomerate China Film Group Corporation built to develop and distribute films in the Chinese industry.	China Film Group Corporation	1999
inception	Solefald is a Norwegian avant-garde metal/black metal band that was formed by members Lars Are ``Lazare'' Nedland and Cornelius Jakhelln in August 1995, with Lars singing and playing keyboard/synthesizer/piano and drums, and Cornelius singing and playing guitar and bass.	Solefald	1995
inception	IHC Leuven was founded in 1993, and won their first Belgian Championship in 2005.	IHC Leuven	1993
inception	After 10 years of negotiations with the other groups, WRCM was granted the license and was signed on the air by founding general manager Ken Mayfield at 12 noon on June 14, 1993.	WRCM	1993
inception	It was re-designated as the Cheyenne Mountain Division on July 28, 2006, previously having been designated the Cheyenne Mountain Directorate.	Cheyenne Mountain Division	2006
inception	Over the years the two parks were gradually enlarged and then merged as the Tarra-Bulga National Park, proclaimed on 17 June 1986.	Tarra-Bulga National Park	1986
inception	Compass Group has its origins in a company which was founded by Jack Bateman in 1941 as Factory Canteens Limited and which subsequently became known as Bateman Catering.	Compass Group	1941
inception	The Internet Party and Mana Movement, also stylised as Internet Party and MANA Movement, was a coalition of the Internet Party and the Mana Movement formed to contest the party vote in the 2014 New Zealand general election.	Internet Party and Mana Movement	2014
inception	The university adopted the name Adama University on July 9, 2005.	Adama University	2005
inception	In 2005 the duo formed The Bitter Twins and the Last of the Lovers with plans to release an album to record an album following year as a 20th anniversary of the two playing together, however the name was soon shortened to The Bitter Twins.	The Bitter Twins	2005
inception	Nova Air started operations in 2005 and was owned by Administración Profesional Aeronáutica and Polar Airlines de México.	Nova Air	2005
inception	Trance Mission is a world fusion ensemble co-founded in San Francisco by American clarinetist and composer Beth Custer and British-born didgeridoo player Stephen Kent in 1992, with Canadian musician Kenneth Newby and American percussionist John Loose.	Trance Mission	1992
inception	In 2006 SomosTV, a media company based in Miami, Fl announced the launch of ViendoMovies then under the name VeneMovies.	ViendoMovies	2006
inception	Debu is a group of Muslim musicians formed in 2001 and currently based in South Jakarta, Indonesia.	Debu	2001
inception	Former NFL quarterback Rodney Peete and his wife actress Holly Robinson Peete established the HollyRod Foundation in 1997 in honor of Holly's father, late actor and television producer Matt Robinson who lost his battle with Parkinson's Disease in 2002.	HollyRod Foundation	1997
inception	Bengur Bryan & Co., Inc. is an investment banking firm founded in 1991 with offices in Baltimore, MD.	Bengur Bryan	1991
inception	Finspreads first offered interactive online spread betting in 1999, before the company was acquired by the City Index Group.	Finspreads	1999
inception	Since becoming a formal performance ensemble in 2003, Time for Three has appeared alone and with symphonic and chamber orchestras all across the U.S.A. and in Europe.	Time for Three	2003
inception	The Ottoman Socialist Party (Turkish: Osmanlı Sosyalist Fırkası, OSF) was the first Turkish socialist political party, founded in the Ottoman Empire in 1910.	Ottoman Socialist Party	1910
inception	Sarsuna College, established in 1999, is the undergraduate college in Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	Sarsuna College	1999
inception	Porto Editora was founded in 1944 in Porto by a group of teachers within different areas of education.	Porto Editora	1944
inception	Icelandic New Energy Ltd (Íslensk NýOrka ehf) is a company that promotes the use of hydrogen fuel in Iceland founded in 1999 following a decision in 1998 by the Icelandic Parliament to convert vehicle and fishing fleets to hydrogen produced from renewable energy by 2050.	Icelandic New Energy	1999
inception	The All-American Association was an independent minor league that existed in the southern United States in 2001.	All-American Association	2001
inception	Duke Records was an American record label, started in Memphis, Tennessee, in 1952 by David James Mattis (WDIA program director and DJ) and Bill Fitzgerald, owners of Tri-State Recording Company.	Duke Records	1952
inception	On 20 July 2008, the Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Prime Minister Ferdi Sabit Soyer, Star Media Group Chairman Ali Özmen Safa attended the opening ceremony of Ada TV which took place in front of the offices of Star Media Group.	Ada TV	2008
inception	Transgressive Records is an independent record label based in London, England, formed in 2004.	Transgressive Records	2004
inception	Tarkastad was established in 1862 as a church centre and became a municipality in 1864.	Tarkastad	1862
inception	1992-1993 FC Partizan Bryansk 1994-1998 FC Spartak Bryansk 1999 FC Spartak-Peresvet Bryansk	FC Spartak-Peresvet Bryansk	1992
inception	In 1924, members of the Kalamazoo Chapter of the American Federation of the Arts established the Kalamazoo Institute of Arts ``to further the development of interest and education in and of regard and appreciation for the various arts.''	Kalamazoo Institute of Arts	1924
inception	As of December 2014, Zencap had facilitated 5 million Euro in loans to small and medium sized firms.	Zencap	2014
inception	Sixpack France, (also known as Sixpack), is a French clothing brand, created in 1998 by the couple Lionel Vivier and Fanny Baglieto.	Sixpack France	1998
inception	Peramatos Ermis B.C. is a Greek professional basketball team that was founded in 1993.	Peramatos Ermis B.C.	1993
inception	The British Indian Psychiatric Association (a.k.a. bipa or B.I.P.A) is a non-profitable charitable association founded in 1995 by Indian psychiatrists working in United Kingdom.	British Indian Psychiatric Association	1995
inception	Amstel Brewery (Amstelbrouwerij, Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɑmstəlbrʌwəˌrɛi̯)) is a Dutch brewery founded in 1870 on the Mauritskade in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Amstel Brewery	1870
inception	Founded in 2003 as Kabul International Academy (KIA), the International School of Kabul provided a college-prep level U.S. (English speaking) curriculum to the children of expatriate families within the international development community and to repatriated and resident Afghans.	International School of Kabul	2003
inception	The Privatization Board of Turkey (Turkish: T.C. Başbakanlık Özelleştirme İdaresi Başkanlığı), founded on 27 November 1994, Law No.4046, is a government structure under Prime Minister of Turkey.	Privatization Board of Turkey	1994
inception	Course of Nature was an alternative rock band formed in Enterprise, Alabama in 2001, and now based in Los Angeles.	Course of Nature	2001
inception	Hour of Penance is a technical death metal band from Rome, Italy that was formed in 1999.	Hour of Penance	1999
inception	Although the TC Beirne School of Law began teaching in 1936, a Faculty of Law was established with the foundation of the University of Queensland in 1910.	TC Beirne School of Law	1910
inception	KVEG originally signed on the air in 2001 as a Mainstream Urban outlet targeting the African-American audience.	KVEG	2001
inception	Boom Crash Opera are an Australian pop rock band formed in early 1985.	Boom Crash Opera	1985
inception	In 1951, San Marino conducted extensive research and planning in the same year, and received the approval of the State Board of Education to hold an election to create the San Marino Unified School District.	San Marino Unified School District	1951
inception	The Progressive Jewish Alliance (PJA) was founded in 1999 by Jewish Angelenos who broke away from the Los Angeles chapter of the American Jewish Congress.	Progressive Jewish Alliance	1999
inception	PEN International (known as International PEN until 2010) is a worldwide association of writers, founded in London in 1921 to promote friendship and intellectual co-operation among writers everywhere.	PEN International	1921
inception	Sri Sri University has been established under the Sri Sri University Act, 2009 No15024-I-Legis.	Sri Sri University	2009
inception	Somers Limited was founded in 2012 under the name of Bermuda National Limited.	Somers Limited	2012
inception	YTL Corporation Berhad (MYX: 4677, TYO: 1773) is a Malaysian infrastructure conglomerate, founded in 1955 by Tan Sri Dato' Seri Yeoh Tiong Lay, after whom the group is named.	YTL Corporation	1955
inception	The office of the Deputy Prime Minister of Montenegro was established on 15 February 1991, during the first government of Milo Đukanović.	Deputy Prime Minister of Montenegro	15 February 1991
inception	WFHW-LP was a low-powered community-oriented television station licensed to Buffalo, New York, founded by consumer rights advocate Ralph Nader in late 1988 as W58AV on UHF 58.	WFHW-LP	1988
inception	The People's Movement for Justice and Welfare (Danish: Folkebevægelsen Ret- & Velfærd) is a Danish political movement, founded December 21, 2006 by former leading members of the Danish Progress Party.	People's Movement for Justice and Welfare	2006
inception	The Canons Regular of Saint John Cantius (SJC) is a clerical Institute of Consecrated Life in the Catholic Church, founded in 1998 in the Archdiocese of Chicago as the Society of St. John Cantius (SSJC) by Fr. C. Frank Phillips, C.R., the pastor of St. John Cantius Church in Chicago.	Canons Regular of Saint John Cantius	1998
inception	Algoryx Simulation AB was formed in 2007 in Umeå, Sweden as a spin-off company from Umeå University.	Algoryx Simulation AB	2007
inception	The GfK SE, established in 1934 as Gesellschaft für Konsumforschung (Society for Consumer Research) is Germany's largest market research institute, and the fourth largest market research organisation in the world, after Nielsen Company, Kantar Group and Ipsos.	GfK	1934
inception	American George G. Blaisdell founded Zippo Manufacturing Company in 1932, and produced the first Zippo lighter in early 1933, being inspired by an Austrian cigarette lighter of similar design made by IMCO.	Zippo	1932
inception	Inter Island Airways, a privately owned company, was established in August 1993 as an FAA Part 135 On-Demand Air Taxi Carrier.	Inter Island Airways	1993
inception	AllSaints was founded in 1994 by Stuart Trevor, and Kait Bolongaro, who was the original womenswear designer at AllSaints, and who have since gone on to found the Bolongaro Trevor label.	AllSaints	1994
inception	The ECHL Hall of Fame was established by the ECHL ice hockey league in 2008.	ECHL Hall of Fame	2008
inception	Acte Préalable is a Polish classical music record label founded in 1997.	Acte Préalable	1997
inception	Founded on 1 October 1920, the Surinamese Football Association was not the first official football association of Suriname, their main competitor as governing body of football in the country was the NGVB (Dutch Guyanese Football Association).	Surinamese Football Association	1920
inception	Manor House Museum, Ilkley, England, is a local heritage museum, art gallery and education centre, established in 1892 to preserve local archaeological artefacts after the spa town expanded and much Roman material was lost.	Manor House Museum	1892
inception	Since its foundation in 1981 as a French pop music radio station it has grown and evolved to become the NRJ Group.	NRJ Group	1981
inception	The Golden Turk Awards, established in 2008, is the only independent organization created to reward successful Turks and Turkish companies, as well as those individuals and institutions that support Turkey.	Golden Turk Awards	2008
inception	The Navotas Polytechnic College (or commonly abbreviated as NPC), which was founded in 1994, is a public college being run by the city government of Navotas.	Navotas Polytechnic College	1994
inception	The Social-National Assembly of Ukraine (S.N.A.) is an assemblage of the ultra-nationalist and neo-Nazi radical organizations and groups founded in 2008 that share the social-national ideology and agree upon building a social-national state in Ukraine.	Social-National Assembly	2008
inception	The Black Ghosts are a United Kingdom-based electronic music duo composed of Theo Keating and Simon William Lord, formed in 2006.	The Black Ghosts	2006
inception	Dog's Eye View is an American rock band formed in 1994, best known for their 1995 Top 40 single ``Everything Falls Apart''.	Dog's Eye View	1994
inception	In November 1991, the Workgroup for Electronic Data Interchange (WEDI) was established in response to the challenge from the Bush administration, specifically, Louis Sullivan MD, Secretary of HHS, to reduce administrative costs in the nation's health care system by up to 10%.	Workgroup for Electronic Data Interchange	1991
inception	The Association of African Universities was established in 1967 to facilitate co-operation between its members and with the international academic community.	Association of African Universities	1967
inception	The International Horror Guild Award (also known as the IHG Award) was an accolade recognizing excellence in the field of horror/dark fantasy, presented by the International Horror Guild (IHG) from 1995 to 2008.	International Horror Guild Award	1995
inception	Loituma's initial incarnation was in the autumn of 1989 as a septet called Jäykkä Leipä (``Stiff Bread''), born in the Sibelius Academy's Folk music department.	Loituma	1989
inception	Şirvan Şamaxı FK (Azerbaijani: Şirvan Şamaxı Futbol Klubu) was an Azerbaijani football club from Şamaxı founded in 1990, as İnşaatçı Şamaxı.	Şirvan Şamaxı FK	1990
inception	Discovery Channel Europe was launched from the UK in 1989.	Discovery Channel Europe	1989
inception	The Liberal Democratic Pole (Italian: Polo Liberal Democratico, PLD) was a political party in Italy active during 1994.	Liberal Democratic Pole	1994
inception	The Chicago Stock Exchange was founded in a formal meeting on March 21, 1882.	Chicago Stock Exchange	1882
inception	Silver Jeans Co. is a designer denim company founded in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada in 1991 by Michael Silver.	Silver Jeans Co.	1991
inception	Ora Recordings is a Canadian independent record label founded in 2007 and operated by DJ and electronic music producer Gabriel Batz.	Ora Recordings	2007
inception	English barrister Roland Brown succeeded J. S. R. Cole to serve as the first Attorney General of independent Tanganyika from 1961 to 1964; and as the first Attorney General of Tanzania following the merger of Tanganyika with the People's Republic of Zanzibar.	Attorney General of Tanzania	1964
inception	The Wreckers were an American country duo formed in 2005 by Michelle Branch and Jessica Harp, both of whom had solo recordings before the duo's foundation.	The Wreckers	2005
inception	Nine Inch Nails (abbreviated NIN; stylized as NIИ) is an American industrial rock band, founded in 1988 by Trent Reznor in Cleveland, Ohio.	Nine Inch Nails	1988
inception	Gannon and Hands, founded in 1894, was the first partnership of women architects in America.	Gannon and Hands	1894
inception	Canvass for a Cause was founded in 2009, by a group of activists specializing in political organizing who were seeking grassroots tools to help fight back on progressive issues.	Canvass for a Cause	2009
inception	Operation Kids is a public 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded in 1999 in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Operation Kids	1999
inception	GMA Pinoy TV, is a Filipino television channel incorporated in February 2004 by GMA Network and its subsidiaries, GMA International & GMA Worldwide; it was launched in 2005, primarily in Japan and USA, as a 24-hour international Filipino television station.	GMA Pinoy TV	2005
inception	Heritage Trust for the North West / Heritage Trust North West is a registered Building Preservation Trust, established in 1978 as a charity and company.	Heritage Trust for the North West	1978
inception	The Open Mathematical Olympiad of the Belarusian-Russian University is an annual mathematical contest for the students of higher educational institutions, which has been annually held at the Belarusian-Russian University based in Mogilev, Belarus, since 2010.	Open Mathematical Olympiad of the Belarusian-Russian University	2010
inception	Moncove Lake State Park was created in 1990 by setting aside 250 acres (1.0 km2) of the Moncove Lake Wildlife Management Area to be operated as a state park.	Moncove Lake State Park	1990
inception	The Sins of Thy Beloved was a Death-doom/gothic metal band from Bryne, Norway, founded in 1996.	The Sins of Thy Beloved	1996
inception	Gentlemans Pistols are a British rock band based in Leeds, England, formed in 2003.	Gentlemans Pistols	2003
inception	Consip S.p.A. is a joint-stock company, set up in 1997, held by the Italian Ministry of economy and finance (MEF), which is the sole shareholder.	Consip	1997
inception	Sri Lanka Campaign for Peace and Justice is an international, non profit, human rights group founded in 2009 to seek justice for thousands of Tamils killed during the final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War and promote lasting peace.Edward Mortimer is the Chair of the Group and advisory council members include Lakhdar Brahimi.	Sri Lanka Campaign for Peace and Justice	2009
inception	The group was formed in 2002 and released their self-titled debut album Vanilla Ninja, containing songs in both English and Estonian, the following year.	Vanilla Ninja	2002
inception	Buffalocomotive is an American rock band formed in 2012, in Joliet, Illinois--a suburb of Chicago.	Buffalocomotive	2012
inception	Marginal Consort is a Japanese collective/free improvisation group made of sound and visual artists, who have played one concert annually since 1997.	Marginal Consort	1997
inception	The Hattendorf Prize was established on 7 December 2010 and first awarded in 2011.	Hattendorf Prize	2010
inception	The Palestine Children's Relief Fund (P.C.R.F.) is a registered 501(c)(3) non-governmental organization established in 1991, by, according to its website, ``concerned people in the U.S. to address the medical and humanitarian crisis facing Palestinian youths in the Middle East...	Palestine Children's Relief Fund	1991
inception	Army Group E (Heeresgruppe E) was a German Army Group active during World War II. Army Group E was created on 1 January 1943 from the 12th Army.	Army Group E	1943
inception	Williams Interactive was formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of WMS Industries in July 2012 ``to focus on the growth, development and operational execution of the company's worldwide online wagering, social, casual and mobile gaming initiatives.''	Williams Interactive	2012
inception	MAVTV launched on October 1, 2004 based out of Atlanta with distribution limited to select cable companies, with the name a shortening of Maverick Television (the network's name at launch).	MAVTV	2004
inception	VENCorp, which was established in December 1997, was a Victorian State Government-owned entity within Victoria's privatised energy industries.	VENCorp	1997
inception	Established on 1 April 1888, Sparta Rotterdam is the oldest professional football team in the Netherlands.	Sparta Rotterdam	1888
inception	The Independence Party of America (IPA) was a political party in the United States, founded on September 23, 2007 by activists from the Independence Party of New York.	Independence Party of America	2007
inception	Glurp Records is a U.S. independent record label started in Austin, TX in 2001 and now located in Seattle, WA.	Glurp Records	2001
inception	Lilla Akademien is a school, founded 1994, which is specially focused on developing musical talent in children, located in Stockholm, Sweden.	Lilla Akademien	1994
inception	WUSH originally signed on the air in 2001 as WEXM in Exmore, Virginia on the Eastern Shore.	WUSH	2001
inception	Kroyer Films is a pioneering animation studio formed in 1986 by animator Bill Kroyer and his wife Susan Kroyer and is one of the earliest studios to combine computer and hand-drawn animation.	Kroyer Films	1986
inception	On 11 July 1888 the Eduard Vossloh Company was registered.	Vossloh	1888
inception	DataWind was founded in Montreal in 2001 by brothers Suneet and Raja Tuli.	DataWind	2001
inception	University College of Medicine and Dentistry (abbreviated as UCMD), established in 2001, is a private college of medicine and dentistry taking examinations under University of Lahore.	University College of Medicine and Dentistry	2001
inception	Baron Beaumont is an ancient title in the Peerage of England, created in 1309 for a younger part of the de Brienne-family.	Baron Beaumont	1309
inception	Halo James were a British pop group active from 1988 to 1991.	Halo James	1988
inception	The Egyptian Socialist Party (Arabic: الحزب الاشتراكي المصري‎) was a socialist political party in Egypt, founded in 1921.	Egyptian Socialist Party	1921
inception	Founded in 2002 by Francis Ayley and a group of like minded friends, Fourth Corner Exchange started trading in January 2004, utilizing a basic Time Dollar system that has some features of LETS, but with important differences from both which are described on their website.	Fourth Corner Exchange	2002
inception	Rock Choir was established in 2005 by musician and singer Caroline Redman Lusher.	Rock Choir	2005
inception	The MendelssohnKammerChor Berlin arose from the Kreuzberger Kantorei, which was founded by him in 1986.	MendelssohnKammerChor	1986
inception	DZWI, branded as Power 108 FM, was an FM radio station in the Philippines which operated from 2001 to 2004.	DZWI	2001
inception	Science City Chennai is an autonomous organization established in 1998 under the Department of Higher Education of the Government of Tamil Nadu, India, for the promotion and popularization of science and technology.	Science City Chennai	1998
inception	Sonesta Records is an independent record label that was founded in 2007 by Israeli DJ Lior Lahav a.k.a. ``Solar System'', who achieved international recognition in 2008 at the DJ Magazine Top 100 DJs Poll, and continuously releases records in the fields Electronic Dance Music.	Sonesta Records	2007
inception	The Order of the Netherlands Lion (Dutch: De Orde van de Nederlandse Leeuw, French: L'Ordre du Lion Belgique / Néerlandais) is a Dutch order of chivalry founded by King William I of the Netherlands on 29 September 1815.	Order of the Netherlands Lion	29 September 1815
inception	The second Cumann na nGaedheal did not come into existence until more than a year later, on 27 April 1923 when the pro-Treaty TDs recognised the need for a party organisation to win elections.	Cumann na nGaedheal	27 April 1923
inception	Scientific Data Systems, or SDS, was an American computer company founded in September 1961 by Max Palevsky and Robert Beck, veterans of Packard Bell and Bendix, along with eleven other computer scientists.	Scientific Data Systems	1961
inception	In 1991, Brahma Vision Private Limited was established in Mumbai as an advertising agency specializing in advertising airtime marketing.	Brahma Vision Private Limited	1991
inception	In 2003, Sriwijaya Air was founded by Chandra Lie, Hendry Lie, Andi Halim and Fandy Lingga, who named it after the historical Srivijaya empire.	Sriwijaya Air	2003
inception	The Education Foundation is a cross-sector UK think tank, created in 2011, based in London and focused on education reform, technology & innovation.	The Education Foundation	2011
inception	The University of Alaska Anchorage traces its origins back to 1954, five years before Alaska became the 49th U.S. state.	University of Alaska Anchorage	1954
inception	Fornosovo was founded in 1948 to serve peat extraction in the area.	Fornosovo	1948
inception	OII-USA was founded in February 2011 The director of OII-USA is author and activist Hida Viloria.	OII-USA	February 2011
inception	BotCon has been held annually since 1994.	BotCon	1994
inception	The Depth Corps (Hebrew: מפקדת העומק‎, lit. Depth Headquarters) of the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) is a command formed in 2011 to coordinate the IDF's long range operations and operations deep in enemy territory.	Depth Corps	2011
inception	Teenage USA Recordings is a Canadian independent record label, founded by Phil Klygo and Mark DiPietro in the fall of 1997 on the back of Klygo's Skull Geek record label and fanzine.	Teenage USA Recordings	1997
inception	Nabuur started operating on 30 October 2001.	Nabuur	2001
inception	Equality Illinois (EI) was founded in 1991 to work towards building a better Illinois by advancing equal treatment and social justice through education, advocacy, and protection of the rights of the LGBT community.	Equality Illinois	1991
inception	FAX +49-69/450464 (also known as simply FAX or FAX Label) was a German record label founded in Frankfurt in 1992 by ambient musician Peter Kuhlmann (who recorded as Pete Namlook, a phonetic inversion of his surname).	FAX +49-69/450464	1992
inception	Prime Minister's Awards for Literary Achievement is a New Zealand literary award established in 2003 by the Arts Council of New Zealand Toi Aotearoa (Creative New Zealand), the national arts development agency of the New Zealand government.	Prime Minister's Awards for Literary Achievement	2003
inception	The Laundronauts are a Canadian indie rock music trio formed in late 2007 from Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.	The Laundronauts	2007
inception	ILGA-Europe was founded in 1996, when its parent organisation, the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association, established separate regions.	ILGA-Europe	1996
inception	Hong Kong 2020 is a political group launched on 24 April 2013 by Anson Chan, former Chief Secretary for Administration to provide a platform for soliciting views towards consensus on the constitutional changes to achieve full universal suffrage for election of the Chief Executive in 2017 and all members of the Legislative Council by 2020.	Hong Kong 2020	2013
inception	The Maple Blues Awards have been presented by the Toronto Blues Society since their inception in 1997.	Maple Blues Awards	1997
inception	Deadly Apples is a Canadian post-industrial and industrial rock act, founded in 2002 by Alex Martel (sometimes referred to as Freak) in Montreal, Quebec.	Deadly Apples	2002
inception	Miss Diva is a part of Femina Miss India pageant that sends India's representatives to Miss Universe and other pageants after Miss Universe Organization awarded back the franchise to Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. A separate pageant Miss Diva - 2013 was conducted to send representative to Miss Universe.	Miss Diva	2013
inception	After French soldiers had occupied Turin at the end of the 18th century and later abandoned it to the Kingdom of Piedmont, the corps of Royal Carabinieri was instituted under the Royal Patents of 13 July 1814.	Carabinieri	13 July 1814
inception	Burn Witch Burn were an American Celtic rock/goth/Appalachian/Gypsy/folk/punk rock band based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and active between 1994-2001.	Burn Witch Burn	1994
inception	The Royal Canadian Air Force Association was formed by a government order-in-council in May 1948.	Royal Canadian Air Force Association	1948
inception	Established in July 1999, Han Chiang College is a not-for-profit institution of higher learning.	Han Chiang College	1999
inception	The roots of Korpiklaani can be traced back to a Sami folk music group under the name of ``Shamaani Duo'', an ``in house restaurant band'' created by Jonne Järvelä in 1993.	Korpiklaani	1993
inception	Check Point was established in Ramat-Gan, Israel in 1993, by Gil Shwed (CEO as of 2015), Marius Nacht (Chairman as of 2015) and Shlomo Kramer (who left Check Point in 2003).	Check Point	1993
inception	Forest Peoples Programme (FPP) was founded in 1990 in response to the forest crisis, specifically to support indigenous forest peoples'' struggles to defend their lands and livelihoods.	Forest Peoples Programme	1990
inception	The Environment Agency (EA) is a non-departmental public body, established in 1996 and sponsored by the United Kingdom government's Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA), with responsibilities relating to the protection and enhancement of the environment in England (and until 2013 also Wales).	Environment Agency	1996
inception	Suicide Commando is a Belgian electro-industrial act created by Johan van Roy in 1986.	Suicide Commando	1986
inception	One Voice Virgin Islands is a community group formed in June 2014 to oppose same-sex marriage in the United States Virgin Islands.	One Voice Virgin Islands	2014
inception	Samuda Brothers began work at Orchard Place, Leamouth, London in 1843, by the mouth of Bow Creek.	Samuda Brothers	1843
inception	The Call of Duty World League is a Call of Duty eSports league that began in January 2016.	Call of Duty World League	2016
inception	Symphorce was a German progressive power metal band, originally assembled in 1998.	Symphorce	1998
inception	Gotland Game Conference was initiated by Don Geyer, Program Director at the Department of Game Design at the time, in 2006.	Gotland Game Conference	2006
inception	In 1982, Winners was founded in Toronto, Ontario by David Margolis and Neil Rosenberg.	Winners	1982
inception	Newberry National Volcanic Monument was designated on November 5, 1990, to protect the area around the Newberry Volcano in the United States.	Newberry National Volcanic Monument	1990
inception	The first section of the Pasing Arcaden was opened on the 15 of March 2011.	Pasing Arcaden	2011
inception	GrocerKey is a Madison, Wisconsin company, founded in 2015, that creates e-commerce software for grocery stores to sell products online at their in-store prices.	GrocerKey	2015
inception	Contact Telecom is a telecommunications and IT Services company that develops data processing and software services for the telecommunications industry, established in 1998.	Contact Telecom	1998
inception	Nansenhjelpen (formally called Nansen Hjelp, variously called the Nansen Relief in English and Nansenhilfe in German) was a Norwegian humanitarian organization founded by Odd Nansen in 1936 to provide safe haven and assistance in Norway for Jewish refugees from areas in Europe under Nazi control.	Nansenhjelpen	1936
inception	The Friends Life t20 (previously known as the Friends Provident t20) was a Twenty20 cricket league in England and Wales run by the ECB from 2010 to 2013.	Friends Life t20	2010
inception	Jolly Cola is an original Danish soft drink dating back to 1959.	Jolly Cola	1959
inception	Poliça (often written as Polica) is an American synthpop and alternative rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota founded in 2011 by Ryan Olson (production) and Channy Leaneagh (vocals).	Poliça	2011
inception	The Republican Democrats are a South African political party formed by Mosotho Motau in November 2013.	Republican Democrats	2013
inception	Built between 1792 and 1798, the Duff Baby House is considered to be the oldest building in Windsor.	Duff Baby House	1798
inception	The Amelia Elizabeth Walden Award was established in 2008 to honor the wishes of Amelia Elizabeth Walden.	Amelia Elizabeth Walden Award	2008
inception	The Magnes Collection of Jewish Art and Life at the Bancroft Library, formerly known as the Judah L. Magnes Museum from 1961 until its reopening in 2012, is a museum of Jewish history, art, and culture in Berkeley, California.	Magnes Collection of Jewish Art and Life	1961
inception	Svartidauði are an Icelandic black metal band from Kópavogur, Reykjavík that formed in 2002.	Svartidauði	2002
inception	The World Sleep Day (Friday of the second full week of March) is an annual event organized by the World Sleep Day Committee of the World Association of Sleep Medicine (WASM) since 2008.	World Sleep Day	2008
inception	Stonebridge International Insurance Ltd. is an insurance company that was founded in 1998, and is a member of the AEGON group of companies.	Stonebridge International Insurance Ltd	1998
inception	Kainos was founded as a joint venture between Fujitsu and The Queen's University of Belfast business incubation unit (QUBIS Ltd) on 14 April 1986, and became one of Northern Ireland's first campus companies.	Kainos	1986
inception	Sri Krishna Arts and Science College, also known as the SKASC Coimbatore, was established by the V.L.B. Trust in 1997 and is an ISO certified co-educational institution.	Sri Krishna Arts and Science College	1997
inception	The Central Hawks were formed in 2005 following the merger of Bothwell, Oatlands and Kempton Football Clubs from the Oatlands District Football Association.	Central Hawks	2005
inception	In 1999, BigWorld ran a test, simulating 900 entities on the same server.	BigWorld	1999
inception	The Primavera Rosa was an elite women's professional one-day road bicycle race held between 1999 and 2005 in Liguria, Italy as part of the UCI Women's Road Cycling World Cup.	Primavera Rosa	1999
inception	The band was formed in 1995 under the name Luke Warm, but the name was later changed to Lukestar.	Lukestar	1995
inception	Wizards of OS (Wizards of Operating Systems, or ``WOS'') was a semi-annual Berlin-based conference that was held four times between 1999 and 2006.	Wizards of OS	1999
inception	The Gandharvas was a Canadian alternative rock band formed in 1989 in London, Ontario.	The Gandharvas	1989
inception	Since its formation in 1997, the original Tin Hat Trio has often expanded its trio format by inviting other musicians to join them.	Tin Hat	1997
inception	SOHO China Limited (SEHK: 0410), founded in 1995, is the largest prime office real-estate developer in China, with corporate headquarters in Chaowai SOHO in Chaoyang District.	SOHO China	1995
inception	Real Tonga commenced operations on 4 March 2013, taking over services previously operated by Chathams Pacific, a subsidiary of New Zealand-based airline Air Chathams.	Real Tonga	4 March 2013
inception	The company was founded in July 1983 by Timothy S. Leatherman and Steve Berliner in order to market his idea of a capable, easily portable hand tool with multiple functions.	Leatherman	1983
inception	The Russian Ski Association (RSA) was founded in 2005 on the basis of The Russian Ski Union.	Russian Ski Association	2005
inception	VakıfBank was founded on April 13, 1954 under the special law Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası Türk Anonim Ortaklığı Kanunu.	VakıfBank	1954
inception	Global Trust Bank (India) (GTB) was founded on 21 October 1994 and commenced operations at Secunderabad.	Global Trust Bank (India)	1994
inception	Founded in 2007 by long-time friends Dan Yates and Alex Laskey, Opower is headquartered in Arlington, Virginia.	Opower	2007
inception	The El Paso Marathon is an annual running event held in El Paso, Texas since 2007.	El Paso Marathon	2007
inception	Vendlus Records is an American independent record label currently based in Washington, DC. It was founded in 2002 by Joseph Cortese.	Vendlus Records	2002
inception	Gender Rights Maryland was founded in May 2011 with an original goal of passing a comprehensive gender identity anti‐discrimination bill in Maryland by the end of the 2012 legislative session.	Gender Rights Maryland	2011
inception	The Oceanium is a public aquarium that opened in 2001 in Diergaarde Blijdorp, a zoo in Rotterdam, Netherlands.	Oceanium	2001
inception	1993-1994 FC Rossiya Moscow 1995-1999 FC Monolit Moscow	FC Monolit Moscow	1993
inception	The Dynamis Ensemble originated in 1999 in Milan, Italy, from a group of musicians already active within the framework of international concerts, joined by an intense passion for the knowledge and diffusion of contemporary music and 20th-century composers.	Dynamis Ensemble	1999
inception	MTI Home Video was founded in 1984 by music industry veteran Larry Brahms.	MTI Home Video	1984
inception	El Peyote Asesino is an Uruguayan hip-hop and hard rock band that was active from 1994 to 1999.	El Peyote Asesino	1994
inception	The Global Ocean Race (GOR, previously known as Portimão Global Ocean Race) is a yachting race for Class40 yachts which was held in 2008--09 for the first time.	Global Ocean Race	2008
inception	British North West Airlines Limited (traded as British NorthWest Airlines) was incorporated in October 2001, the airline had a Civil Aviation Authority Type B Operating licence (they were permitted to carry passengers, cargo and mail on aircraft with fewer than 20 seats and/or weighing less than 10 tonnes).	British NorthWest Airlines	2001
inception	FC Gold Pride was founded on 3 September 2008 as the seventh and final team to join the new top tier Women's Professional Soccer league.	FC Gold Pride	2008
inception	The Detroit Windsor International Film Festival (DWIFF), launched in 2008, is a publicly attended film festival held each June in the Detroit--	Detroit Windsor International Film Festival	2008
inception	The Love and Rage Revolutionary Anarchist Federation was formed in the United States in 1993 out of the remaining groups in the Love and Rage Network.	Love and Rage	1993
inception	Manoir Industries was created in 1917 in Pîtres and was built between the towns of Pîtres and Le Manoir from which it derives its trade name.	Manoir Industries	1917
inception	The Bofrost Cup on Ice (the Fujifilm Trophy (1986--1987), the Nations Cup (1989--1997), the Sparkassen Cup on Ice (1998--2001)) was a senior international figure skating competition held in Germany from 1986 to 2004.	Bofrost Cup on Ice	1986
inception	Data Link Solutions (DLS) is a joint venture entity that was created in 1996 between GEC-Marconi Hazeltine (now known as BAE Systems) and Rockwell Collins for the purpose of developing, manufacturing and supporting the Joint Tactical Information Distribution System (JTIDS).	Data Link Solutions	1996
inception	Clann na Poblachta ((kˠɫan̪ˠ n̪ˠə pʷɔbʷɫəxt̪ˠə) -- English: Family (or Children) of the Republic) was an Irish republican political party founded by former Irish Republican Army Chief of Staff Seán MacBride in 1946.	Clann na Poblachta	1946
inception	The University of Dubai was established in 1997 by the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and Industry (DCCI) to address skills and qualifications gaps in the workforce and to support the government's human resources development programs in the private and public sectors.	University of Dubai	1997
inception	Created in April 1996, AB Animaux was a channel which showed animal documentaries.	Animaux	1996
inception	Rank Xerox was formed in 1956 as a joint venture between the Xerox Corporation of United States (aka Haloid Photographic) and the Rank Organisation of the United Kingdom, to manufacture and market Xerox equipment initially in Europe and later in Africa and Asia.	Rank Xerox	1956
inception	Kotiteollisuus is a Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band that was formed in 1991 in Lappeenranta.	Kotiteollisuus	1991
inception	The Fabulous Ones were a professional wrestling Tag team consisting of Stan Lane and Steve Keirn that was active between 1982 and 1987 with brief reunions during the 1990s.	The Fabulous Ones	1982
inception	Les Cowboys Fringants (The Frisky Cowboys) are a folk rock music group formed in 1997 in Repentigny, Quebec.	Les Cowboys Fringants	1997
inception	Americans for Prosperity (AFP), founded in 2004, is a conservative political advocacy group in the United States.	Americans for Prosperity	2004
inception	The Academy of Technology, Engineering, Mathematics, and Science (ATEMS) is a STEM high school founded in 2009 located in Abilene, Texas.	Academy of Technology, Engineering, Mathematics, and Science	2009
inception	Beborn Beton is a German synthpop band founded in 1989, with their first album release in 1993.	Beborn Beton	1989
inception	Lust Control is a Christian thrash punk band, originally formed in 1988.	Lust Control	1988
inception	The ground floor of the building has been in use as the Inkijkmuseum since March 21, 2004.	Inkijkmuseum	2004
inception	The Maldivian Youth Climate Network (MYCN), founded on 29 August 2010, is a Non-Governmental Organisation from Maldives which is primarily involved in raising awareness on and empowering youth to combat Climate Change.	Maldivian Youth Climate Network	29 August 2010
inception	MGM-Pathé Communications was a movie production company that operated in the United States in 1990 and 1992.	MGM-Pathé Communications	1990
inception	A new holding company, Southern Company was incorporated in Delaware on November 9, 1945, and moved to Georgia in 1950.	Southern Company	1945
inception	FC Kaluga (Russian: ФК Калуга) is an association football club from Kaluga, Russia, founded in 2006.	FC Kaluga	2006
inception	The Operations Research Office (ORO) was a civilian military research center founded in 1948 by the United States Army.	Operations Research Office	1948
inception	The institution was renamed Indumil in 1954 as an autonomous organisation.	Indumil	1954
inception	In 1975 the Lao People's Navy (LPN) was established with the remnants of the Royal Lao Navy.	Lao People's Navy	1975
inception	Smallman Records is a Winnipeg based record label created in 1997 by Rob Krause and Jason Smith as an avenue for releasing albums from their own bands.	Smallman Records	1997
inception	It has been organized since 2012 by Heikki Liimatainen and Alex Kunnari - the founders of Summer Sound Festival Oy.	Summer Sound Festival	2012
inception	Diabetes UK was founded in 1934 as The Diabetic Association, by the author H. G. Wells and Dr R. D. Lawrence.	Diabetes UK	1934
inception	Postbanken was founded in 1948 after major political battle as Norges Postsparebank with the goal to incurate to savings, though the maximum amount allowed to be saved per person was set to NOK 10,000.	Postbanken	1948
inception	The Prémio Leya is a Portuguese literary award established in 2008 and awarded annually by the Portuguese book publishing company Leya to an unpublished Portuguese-language novel.	Prémio Leya	2008
inception	Winding Stair Mountain National Recreation Area and the nearby Upper Kiamichi River and Black Fork Mountain Wilderness areas were created by an act of Congress on October 18, 1988.	Winding Stair Mountain National Recreation Area	1988
inception	The Anglesey Sea Zoo was opened in 1983 when the owners of a lobster shop wholesale business realized lobster tanks had become attractions in themselves.	Anglesey Sea Zoo	1983
inception	The Perak Farmcochem B.C. home venue list is as follows:- Indera Mulia Stadium - 2006--present	Perak Farmcochem B.C.	2006
inception	Daejeon Samsung Bluefangs (Korean: 대전 삼성 블루팡스) is a South Korean professional volleyball team founded in 1995 and changed as a professional in 2005.	Daejeon Samsung Bluefangs	1995
inception	The Spice Girls are an English pop girl group formed in 1994.	Spice Girls	1994
inception	In 1997, it merged with Lloyd Thompson Group to form Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group.	Jardine Lloyd Thompson	1997
instrument	Eddie Shu (né Edward Shulman; 18 March 1918 New York City -- 4 July 1986 St. Petersburg, Florida, though he lived in Tampa) was an American swing and jazz multi-instrumentalist with high proficiency on tenor and alto saxophone, clarinet, trumpet, harmonica, and accordion.	Eddie Shu	saxophone
instrument	Otto Olsson was one of the greatest organ virtuosos of his time.	Otto Olsson	organ
languages spoken or written	Verena Reichel (born in Grimma, Saxony, 21 March 1945) is a German literary translator.	Verena Reichel	German
languages spoken or written	Monu Mukhopadhyay or Monu Mukherjee (born 1 March 1930) is a Bengali film and television actor.	Monu Mukhopadhyay	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Martín Garatuza (born 1601, Puebla, Mexico) was a famous trickster whose frauds and escapes became legendary in colonial New Spain and whose name has passed into Spanish language, folklore and literature.	Martín Garatuza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Axel Olrik (3 July 1864 -- 17 February 1917) was a Danish folklorist and scholar of mediaeval historiography, and a pioneer in the methodical study of oral narrative.	Axel Olrik	Danish
languages spoken or written	Urmas Sutrop (born 7 June 1956) is an Estonian linguist.	Urmas Sutrop	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Ramón Pereda (1897--1986) was a Spanish-born Mexican actor, screenwriter film producer and director.	Ramón Pereda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alexandru Ioan Morțun (born July 16, 1951) is a Romanian physician, politician, and Member of the European Parliament.	Alexandru Ioan Morțun	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Juan Manuel Martínez Ugarte (1 June 1735 -- 30 April 1801), known as Manuel Risco or Padre Risco, was a Spanish historian.	Manuel Risco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Marguerite Jeanne Carpentier (8 September 1886 -- November 1965) was a French painter and sculptor.	Marguerite Jeanne Carpentier	French
languages spoken or written	Chandra Lakshman(Malayalam:ചന്ദ്രാ ലക്ഷ്മണ്‍)is an Indian film and television actress.	Chandra Lakshman	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Rodrigo Cortés Giráldez (born May 31, 1973) is a Spanish film director, producer, screenwriter, editor, and occasional actor.	Rodrigo Cortés	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Juan Nepomuceno Carlos Pérez Rulfo Vizcaíno, best known as Juan Rulfo (Spanish: (ˈxwan ˈrulfo) audio ; 16 May 1917 -- 7 January 1986), was a Mexican writer, screenwriter and photographer.	Juan Rulfo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alvydas Nikžentaitis (born on October 18, 1961) is a Lithuanian historian, senior research fellow of the Lithuanian Institute of History and president of Lithuanian National Historians Committee.	Alvydas Nikžentaitis	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Juhani Aho, originally Johannes Brofeldt (11 September 1861 -- 8 August 1921), was a Finnish author and journalist.	Juhani Aho	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Georg Mehlis (8 March 1878 -- 13 November 1942) was a German neo-Kantian philosopher.	Georg Mehlis	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre Guillaumat (5 August 1909 -- 28 August 1991) was a Minister of National Education and Minister of the Armies under French President Charles De Gaulle and founder of the Elf Aquitaine oil company in 1967.	Pierre Guillaumat	French
languages spoken or written	Liao Yiwu (Chinese: 廖亦武; also known as Lao Wei) (born 1958 in Sichuan), is a Chinese author, reporter, musician, and poet.	Liao Yiwu	Chinese
languages spoken or written	René Lourau (1933, Gelos -- 11 January 2000) was a French sociologist and educator.	René Lourau	French
languages spoken or written	Georg Anton Friedrich Ast (29 December 1778 -- 31 October 1841) was a German philosopher and philologist.	Georg Anton Friedrich Ast	German
languages spoken or written	José Tragó y Arana (Madrid, 1857--1934) was a Spanish pianist and composer.	José Tragó	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Édouard Boubat (French: (buba); 1923--1999) was a French photojournalist and art photographer.	Édouard Boubat	French
languages spoken or written	Gaspar Cassadó i Moreu (30 September 1897 -- 24 December 1966) was a Spanish cellist and composer of the early 20th century.	Gaspar Cassadó	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hedwig Pringsheim (born Gertrud Hedwig Anna Dohm; 13 July 1855 -- 27 July 1942) was a German actress.	Hedwig Pringsheim	German
languages spoken or written	Alfred Willi Rudi Dutschke (March 7, 1940 -- December 24, 1979) was the most prominent spokesperson of the German student movement of the 1960s.	Rudi Dutschke	German
languages spoken or written	Lima de Freitas (1927--98) was a Portuguese painter, illustrator, ceramicist and writer.	Lima de Freitas	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Karl Pilkington (born 23 September 1972) is an English travel show presenter, author, former radio producer and occasional actor.	Karl Pilkington	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-Luc Masbou (born in Figeac on 14 March 1963) is a French cartoonist.	Jean-Luc Masbou	French
languages spoken or written	Nicolas de Herberay des Essarts (d. about 1557), French translator, was born in Picardy.	Nicolas de Herberay des Essarts	French
languages spoken or written	Ramón Sampedro Cameán (5 January 1943 -- 12 January 1998) was a Spanish fisherman and writer.	Ramón Sampedro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Paolo Angelo Ballerini (14 September 1814 -- 27 March 1897) was an Italian prelate who was named by Pope Pius IX as the Archbishop of Milan.	Paolo Angelo Ballerini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Fernando Guillén Cuervo (born March 11, 1963) is a Spanish actor, film director and scriptwriter.	Fernando Guillén Cuervo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Suzanne Lamy (September 30, 1929 -- February 25, 1987) was a French-born educator, essayist and critic in Quebec.	Suzanne Lamy	French
languages spoken or written	Carl Laufs (1858-1900) was a German playwright who concentrated largely on creating farces, notably the 1890 work Pension Schöller which he co-authored with Wilhelm Jacoby.	Carl Laufs	German
languages spoken or written	Karl Wilhelm Dindorf (Latin: Guilielmus Dindorfius; January 2, 1802 -- August 1, 1883) was a German classical scholar.	Karl Wilhelm Dindorf	German
languages spoken or written	Thomas Henry Bolton (February 1841 -- 24 September 1916) was an English solicitor and a Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1885 and 1895.	Thomas Henry Bolton	English
languages spoken or written	Franciszek Zabłocki (January 2, 1754, Volhynia--September 10, 1821, Końskowola), is considered the most distinguished Polish comic dramatist and satirist of the Enlightenment period.	Franciszek Zabłocki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Perrot (c.1644--1717), a French explorer, fur trader, and diplomat, was one of the first European men to travel in the Upper Mississippi Valley, in what is now Wisconsin and Minnesota.	Nicolas Perrot	French
languages spoken or written	Abel Boyer (1667? -- 16 November 1729) was a French-English lexicographer, journalist and miscellaneous writer.	Abel Boyer	French
languages spoken or written	Chi Zijian (Chinese: 迟子建; born 27 February 1964) is a Chinese novelist.	Chi Zijian	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Georg Friedrich Kersting (31 October 1785 -- 1 July 1847) was a German painter, best known for his Biedermeier-style interior paintings and his association with fellow artist Caspar David Friedrich.	Georg Friedrich Kersting	German
languages spoken or written	Gustav Cohn (December 12, 1840, Marienwerder, West Prussia, September 17, 1919) was a German economist, noted for his pioneering contributions to the theory and policy of transportation and public finance.	Gustav Cohn	German
languages spoken or written	Patrick Senécal is a French-Canadian writer and scenarist known for his horror oriented drama novels.	Patrick Senécal	French
languages spoken or written	Nicola Barker (born 30 March 1966) is an English novelist and short story writer.	Nicola Barker	English
languages spoken or written	Rekha Ganesan (born 10 October 1954), better known by her stage name Rekha, is an Indian film actress who has mainly appeared in Hindi films.	Rekha	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Erich Loest (German pronunciation: (ˈeːʁɪç ˈløːst); 24 February 1926 -- 12 September 2013) was a German writer born in Mittweida, Saxony.	Erich Loest	German
languages spoken or written	Manuk Abeghian (Armenian: Մանուկ Աբեղյան, alternatively Manouk Abeghian, or Manuk Abeghyan, March 15, 1865, Astapat, Nakhichevan - September 26, 1944) was a scholar of Armenian literature and folklore.	Manuk Abeghian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Mario Levi (born 1957 in Istanbul is one of the most important modern novelists of Turkish literature.	Mario Levi	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Diego Duque de Estrada (August 15, 1589 in Toledo, Spain -- 1647?) was a Spanish memoir writer, soldier and adventurer.	Diego Duque de Estrada	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Valerian Pidmohylny (Валеріан Підмогильний, February 2, 1901 - November 3, 1937) was an important Ukrainian novelist, most famous for the realist novel Misto (The City).	Valerian Pidmohylny	Ukrainian
languages spoken or written	Luis Miguel Seguí (born October 4, 1972) is a Spanish actor and producer, best known for his role as Leo in La que se avecina.	Luis Miguel Seguí	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lothar Bucher (October 25, 1817 -- October 12, 1892) was a German publicist and trusted aide of German chancellor Otto von Bismarck.	Lothar Bucher	German
languages spoken or written	Henri Désiré Landru (12 April 1869 -- 25 February 1922) (French pronunciation: ​(ɑ̃ʁi deziʁe lɑ̃dʁy)) was a French serial killer and real-life ``Bluebeard''.	Henri Désiré Landru	French
languages spoken or written	Paul Tabori (1908-1974) was a Hungarian author, novelist, journalist and psychical researcher.	Paul Tabori	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Michel Jazy (born 13 June 1936) is a former French middle-distance runner and long-distance runner.	Michel Jazy	French
languages spoken or written	Elise Ottesen-Jensen, also known as Ottar, (2 January 1886 − 4 September 1973) was a Norwegian-Swedish sex educator, journalist and anarchist agitator, whose main mission was to fight for women's rights to understand and control their own body and sexuality.	Elise Ottesen-Jensen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Charles Brisard (born May 13, 1968 in Dijon, France) is a French international consultant and expert on terrorism.	Jean-Charles Brisard	French
languages spoken or written	Anselme Gaëtan Desmarest (March 6, 1784 -- June 4, 1838) was a French zoologist and author.	Anselme Gaëtan Desmarest	French
languages spoken or written	Alyn Shipton (born 24 November 1953) is an English jazz author, presenter, critic, and jazz bassist.	Alyn Shipton	English
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Joop (born November 18, 1944 in Potsdam) is a German fashion designer.	Wolfgang Joop	German
languages spoken or written	Dmitri Tcherniakov (Russian: Дмитрий Черняков) (born May 11, 1970) is a Russian theatre director, and winner of numerous national Golden Mask theatre awards, who works with many European opera houses.	Dmitri Tcherniakov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Cristóbal Suárez de Figueroa (1571 in Valladolid, Spain -- after 1644) was a Spanish writer and jurist.	Cristóbal Suárez de Figueroa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Maria Valtorta (14 March 1897 -- 12 October 1961) was a Roman Catholic Italian writer and poet, considered by many to be a mystic.	Maria Valtorta	Italian
languages spoken or written	Tadeusz Miciński (9 November 1873 in Łódź -- February 1918 in Cherykaw Raion, Belarus) was an influential Polish poet, gnostic and playwright, and was a forerunner of Expressionism and Surrealism.	Tadeusz Miciński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Araceli Navarro Laso (born August 9, 1989 in Madrid) is a Spanish sabre fencer.	Araceli Navarro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pablo González Cuesta (Pablo Gonz) is a Spanish writer born in Seville (1968).	Pablo González Cuesta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Nechama Leibowitz (Hebrew: September 3, 1905 -- 12 April 1997 ,נחמה ליבוביץ׳‎) was a noted Israeli Bible scholar and commentator who rekindled interest in Bible study.	Nechama Leibowitz	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Geoffroi Jacques Flach (February 16, 1846 -- December 4, 1919) was a French jurist and historian born at Strasbourg, Alsace, of a family known at least as early as the 16th century, when Sigismond Flach was the first professor of law at University of Strasbourg.	Geoffroi Jacques Flach	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Michel Berthelot (1945--2006) was a French sociologist, philosopher, epistemologist and social theorist, specialist in philosophy of social sciences, history of sociology, sociology of education, sociology of knowledge, sociology of science and sociology of body.	Jean-Michel Berthelot	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Hedworth Williamson, 7th Baronet (1 November 1797 -- 24 April 1861) was an English Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1831 and 1852.	Sir Hedworth Williamson, 7th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Susanna Kubelka von Hermanitz is a German-speaking writer living in France.	Susanna Kubelka	German
languages spoken or written	Julia Channel (born 3 November 1973) is the stage name of a French former pornographic and mainstream actress, singer and entrepreneur.	Julia Channel	French
languages spoken or written	Marcin Świetlicki (born 24 December 1961) is a Polish poet, writer, and musician.	Marcin Świetlicki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Kornel Makuszyński (Polish pronunciation: (ˈkɔrnɛl makuˈʂɨɲskʲi); 8 January 1884 -- 31 July 1953) was a Polish writer of children's and youth literature.	Kornel Makuszyński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Eliza Haywood (c. 1693 -- 25 February 1756), born Elizabeth Fowler, was an English writer, actress and publisher.	Eliza Haywood	English
languages spoken or written	Ramon Enrich (Igualada, 1968) is a Catalan painter and sculptor.	Ramon Enrich	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Michel Serres (born 1 September 1930) is a French philosopher and author.	Michel Serres	French
languages spoken or written	Maarouf Al Rasafi (1875--1945) (Arabic: معروف الرصافي) was an Iraqi poet who was born in Baghdad in 1875 and died in Baghdad as well in 1945.	Maarouf Al Rasafi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Josip Osti (born 19 March, 1945) is a Bosnian poet, prose writer and essayist, literary critic, anthologist and translator.	Josip Osti	Bosnian
languages spoken or written	Charles-Étienne Gaucher, a French engraver, born in Paris in 1740, was first a pupil of Basan, and afterwards of J. P. Le Bas.	Charles-Étienne Gaucher	French
languages spoken or written	Georg Matthäus Seutter (also Matthias Seutter; 1678-1757) was one of the most important and prolific German map publishers of the 18th century.	Matthäus Seutter	German
languages spoken or written	Harald Mante (born March 29, 1936 in Berlin), German photographer, artist, and designer.	Harald Mante	German
languages spoken or written	Sir John Osborn, 5th Baronet (3 December 1772 -- 28 August 1848), of Chicksands Priory in Bedfordshire, was an English politician.	Sir John Osborn, 5th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Prajin Padmanabhan, popularly known as Prajin is an Indian film actor concentrating in Tamil and Malayalam language films.	Prajin	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Henryk Arctowski (15 July 1871 -- 21 February 1958; Polish pronunciation: (ˈxɛnrɨk art͡sˈtɔfskʲi)), born Henryk Artzt, was a Polish scientist and explorer.	Henryk Arctowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Qu Yuan (c. 339 BC--unknown; alt. c. 340--278 BC) was a Chinese poet and minister who lived during the Warring States period of ancient China.	Qu Yuan	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Narcisse Henri François Desportes (December 1776 -- June 7, 1856) was a French botanist and bibliographer who was a native of Champrond.	Narcisse Henri François Desportes	French
languages spoken or written	Arsène Roux (February 5, 1893--July 19, 1971) was a French Arabist and Berberologist.	Arsène Roux	French
languages spoken or written	Henri Padovani (born 13 October 1952, Bastia, Santo-Pietro-di-Venaco, Corsica, France) commonly known as Henry Padovani, is a musician from the Mediterranean French isle of Corsica, noted for being the original guitarist with The Police.	Henry Padovani	French
languages spoken or written	Hans-Werner Fischer-Elfert (abbreviated Hans-W.; born 2 September 1954) is a German professor of Egyptology at the Institut für Ägyptologie, University of Leipzig, Germany.	Hans-Werner Fischer-Elfert	German
languages spoken or written	David Schirmer (29 May 1623 -- 1686) was a German lyric poet and librarian, who also used the pseudonyms Der Bestimmende, Der Beschirmende and DiSander.	David Schirmer	German
languages spoken or written	Paul Preston CBE (born 1946 in Liverpool) is an English historian and Hispanist, biographer of Franco, specialist in Spanish history, in particular the Spanish Civil War, which he has studied for more than 30 years.	Paul Preston	English
languages spoken or written	José Benito de Churriguera (March 21, 1665 -- March 2, 1725) was a Spanish architect, sculptor and urbanist of the late-Baroque or Rococo style.	José Benito de Churriguera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Rosario de Acuña Villanueva de la Iglesia, better known by the short name Rosario de Acuña and the masculine pseudonym used for her writings, Remigio Andrés Delafón (1850 -- 5 May 1923) was a Spanish author of dramas, essays, short stories, and poetry.	Rosario de Acuña Villanueva de la Iglesia	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Giora Leshem (born Moshe Giora Rotstein, Hebrew: גיורא לשם‎; February 3, 1940-- March 14, 2011) was an award-winning Israeli poet and translator and one of the founders of the Keshev poetry publishing house.	Giora Leshem	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Jonathan Stokes (c. 1755 -- 30 April 1831) was an English physician and botanist, a member of the Lunar Society of Birmingham, and an early adopter of the heart drug digitalis.	Jonathan Stokes	English
languages spoken or written	Manu Brabo (1981) is a Spanish photojournalist who was captured in Libya along with three other journalists while covering the Libyan Civil War in 2011 and who was part of the Associated Press team to win the Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Photography in 2013.	Manu Brabo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Preisigke (14 February 1856 in Dessau -- 8 February 1924 in Heidelberg) was a German Egyptologist and papyrologist.	Friedrich Preisigke	German
languages spoken or written	George Alexander Albrecht (15 February 1935) is a German conductor.	George Alexander Albrecht	German
languages spoken or written	Umberto Bossi (born September 19, 1941) is an Italian politician, former leader of the Lega Nord, a party seeking autonomy or independence for Northern Italy or Padania.	Umberto Bossi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Frédéric Cottier (born 5 February 1954) is a French equestrian and Olympic medalist.	Frédéric Cottier	French
languages spoken or written	Ecaterina Andronescu (Romanian pronunciation: (ekateˈrina androˈnesku); born 7 April 1948) is a Romanian engineer, professor and politician.	Ecaterina Andronescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Colin Matthews, OBE (born 13 February 1946) is an English composer of classical music.	Colin Matthews	English
languages spoken or written	Bolesław Leśmian (born Bolesław Lesman; January 22, 1877 -- November 7, 1937) was a Polish poet, artist and member of the Polish Academy of Literature.	Bolesław Leśmian	Polish
languages spoken or written	Harry Fett (8 September 1875 -- 13 September 1962) was a Norwegian art historian and factory owner.	Harry Fett	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Penelope Fitzgerald (17 December 1916 -- 28 April 2000) was a Booker Prize--winning English novelist, poet, essayist and biographer.	Penelope Fitzgerald	English
languages spoken or written	José Mira Mira (December 31, 1944 -- August 13, 2008) Spanish scientist, Professor of Computational Sciences and Artificial Intelligence and Director of the Artificial Intelligence Department of the Computational Science Engineering's ETS in the UNED, until his death.	José Mira Mira	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jytte Rex (born 19 March 1942) is a Danish artist, writer and film director.	Jytte Rex	Danish
languages spoken or written	Claudia Soberón (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈklauðja soˈβeɾon); born September 29, 1977) is a mexican singer and an actress.	Claudia Soberón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	David Tremlett (born 13 February 1945 in Dartford, Kent) is an English sculptor, installation artist and photographer.	David Tremlett	English
languages spoken or written	Ion Mihalache (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈon mihaˈlake); March 3, 1882 -- March 1963) was a Romanian agrarian politician, the founder and leader of the Peasants' Party (PȚ) and a main figure of its successor, the National Peasants' Party (PNȚ).	Ion Mihalache	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Marie Duthilleul (born 1952) is a French architect and civil engineer.	Jean-Marie Duthilleul	French
languages spoken or written	Félix Mantilla Botella (Catalan: Fèlix Mantilla Botella (ˈfɛɫiɡz mənˈtiʎə βuˈteʎə); 23 September 1974) is a Spanish former professional tennis player, born in Barcelona.	Félix Mantilla Botella	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Étienne-Pierre-Adrien Gois, also Étienne Gois le père, (January 1, 1731 -- February 3, 1823) was a French sculptor.	Étienne-Pierre-Adrien Gois	French
languages spoken or written	Manuel Casal y Aguado (April 20, 1751 -- April 6, 1837), better known by his anagrammatic pseudonym Lucas Alemán y Aguado, was a Spanish polymath and poet.	Manuel Casal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Dominik Gross is a German bioethicist and historian of medicine.	Dominik Gross	German
languages spoken or written	Henry Clark Barlow, M.D. (12 May 1806 -- 8 November 1876) was an English writer on Dante.	Henry Clark Barlow	English
languages spoken or written	Francesco Brizio (1574--1623) was an Italian painter and engraver of the Bolognese School, active in the early-Baroque.	Francesco Brizio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Eugène Henri Paul Gauguin (French: (øʒɛn ɑ̃ʁi pɔl ɡoɡɛ̃); 7 June 1848 -- 8 May 1903) was a French post-Impressionist artist who was not well appreciated until after his death.	Paul Gauguin	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Joseph de Mondonville (25 December 1711 (baptised) -- 8 October 1772), also known as Jean-Joseph Cassanéa de Mondonville, was a French violinist and composer.	Jean-Joseph de Mondonville	French
languages spoken or written	Albrecht Goes (March 22, 1908 -- February 23, 2000) was a German writer and Protestant theologian.	Albrecht Goes	German
languages spoken or written	André Félibien (May 1619 -- 11 June 1695), sieur des Avaux et de Javercy, was a French chronicler of the arts and official court historian to Louis XIV of France.	André Félibien	French
languages spoken or written	Meredith Haaf (born 1983) is a German feminist writer.	Meredith Haaf	German
languages spoken or written	Raphael Eduard Liesegang (/ˈliːzəɡɑːŋ/) (November 1, 1869 -- November 13, 1947) was a German chemist, photographer and entrepreneur born in Elberfeld.	Raphael Eduard Liesegang	German
languages spoken or written	Joseph Hubert Reinkens (March 1, 1821 -- January 4, 1896) was the first German Old Catholic bishop.	Joseph Hubert Reinkens	German
languages spoken or written	Helen Maria Williams (17 June 1759 -- 15 December 1827) was a British novelist, poet, and translator of French-language works.	Helen Maria Williams	French
languages spoken or written	Per Agne Erkelius (1935 -- 24 February 2010) was a Swedish novelist, playwright and teacher.	Per Agne Erkelius	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Francisco de la Cuesta (1661 -- May 30, 1724), O.S.H. was the 12th Archbishop of Manila from 1707 to 1722, and Spanish Governor-General of the Philippines from 1719 to 1721.	Francisco de la Cuesta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	René Sédillot (2 November 1906 -- 21 October 1999) was a French journalist and historian.	René Sédillot	French
languages spoken or written	Ion Rațiu (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈon ˈrat͡sju); 6 June 1917 -- 17 January 2000) was a Romanian politician and the presidential candidate of the Christian Democratic National Peasants' Party (PNȚ) in the 1990 elections, in which he ranked third with 4.29% of the vote.	Ion Rațiu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Adela Florence Nicolson (née Cory) (9 April 1865 -- 4 October 1904) was an English poet who wrote under the pseudonym Laurence Hope.	Adela Florence Nicolson	English
languages spoken or written	María Isbert (21 April 1917 -- 25 April 2011) was a Spanish actress whose credits included more than 250 Spanish films during her career.	María Isbert	Spanish
languages spoken or written	René Quillivic (1879--1969) was a French sculptor whose art expressed Breton cultural identity.	René Quillivic	French
languages spoken or written	Auguste François Le Jolis (1 December 1823, Cherbourg - 20 August 1904, Cherbourg) was a French merchant, judge and botanist.	Auguste François Le Jolis	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Michel Delpech (26 January 1946 -- 2 January 2016), known as Michel Delpech, was a French singer-songwriter and actor.	Michel Delpech	French
languages spoken or written	Luigi Ferdinando Tagliavini (born 7 October 1929 in Bologna), is an Italian organist, harpsichordist, musicologist and composer.	Luigi Ferdinando Tagliavini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Toussaint Rose (French pronunciation: ​(tusɛ̃ ʁoz); 3 September 1611 -- 6 January 1701) was a French court secretary to Cardinal Mazarin and Louis XIV of France.	Toussaint Rose	French
languages spoken or written	Luz Casal (Spanish pronunciation: (luθ kaˈsal); born November 11, 1958 at Boimorto) is a Spanish pop singer.	Luz Casal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Simon Heinrich Adolf Herling (13 October 1780, Detmold -- 1 April 1849, Frankfurt am Main) was a German philologist and grammarian known for his scholastic treatment of German syntax.	Simon Heinrich Adolf Herling	German
languages spoken or written	Tzvetana Maneva (Bulgarian: Цветана Манева) (born in Plovdiv, Bulgaria on 30 January 1944) is a Bulgarian actress.	Tzvetana Maneva	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Sergi Bellver (born 1971 in Barcelona) is a Spanish short story writer.	Sergi Bellver	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Henry Sweet (15 September 1845 -- 30 April 1912) was an English philologist, phonetician and grammarian.	Henry Sweet	English
languages spoken or written	Ulli Lommel (born 21 December 1944) is a German actor and director, noted for his many collaborations with Rainer Werner Fassbinder and his association with the New German Cinema movement.	Ulli Lommel	German
languages spoken or written	Tomas Venclova (born 11 September 1937, Klaipėda) is a Lithuanian poet, prose writer, scholar, philologist and translator of literature.	Tomas Venclova	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	The abbé Antoine Banier (2 November 1673 -- 2 November 1741), a French clergyman and member of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres from 1713, was a historian and translator, whose rationalizing interpretation of Greek mythology was widely accepted until the mid-nineteenth century.	Antoine Banier	French
languages spoken or written	Rolf Schübel (born 11 November 1942 in Stuttgart, Germany) is a German film director and screenwriter.	Rolf Schübel	German
languages spoken or written	André Vaillant (November 3, 1890 -- March 23, 1977), was a French linguist, philologist and grammarian who specialized in Slavic languages.	André Vaillant	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Hani (1917-2012) was a French philosopher and Traditionalist author, and a professor of Greek civilization and literature at the University of Amiens.	Jean Hani	French
languages spoken or written	Karol Irzykowski (Błaszkowa, near Pilzno, 23 January 1873 -- 2 November 1944, Żyrardów) was a Polish writer, literary critic, film theoretician, and chess player.	Karol Irzykowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Pietro Verri (12 December 1728 -- 28 June 1797) was an Italian philosopher, economist, historian and writer.	Pietro Verri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Steinunn Sigurðardóttir (born 1950 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic poet and novelist.	Steinunn Sigurðardóttir	Icelandic
languages spoken or written	Giorgio Stegani (October 13, 1928 - ) is an Italian film and television writer, film director and second unit director.	Giorgio Stegani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Charlotte de Rothschild (May 6, 1825 -- July 20, 1899) was a French socialite, painter, and a member of the prominent Rothschild banking family of France.	Charlotte de Rothschild	French
languages spoken or written	Claude Hardy (1604 -- 5 April 1678) was a French linguist, mathematician, and lawyer known for translating the works of Erasmus and Euclid into 36 different languages.	Claude Hardy	French
languages spoken or written	S. Krishnamoorthy (born 9 October), better known by his screenname Madhan Bob, is a popular comedian and Tamil film actor from Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.	Madhan Bob	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Claudine Bouzonnet-Stella (1636--1697) was a French engraver, most of whose prints were after works by Nicholas Poussin, or by her uncle Jacques Stella, from whom she received her artistic education.	Claudine Bouzonnet-Stella	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Eustache (French: (øs.taʃ); 30 November 1938 -- 5 November 1981) was a French filmmaker.	Jean Eustache	French
languages spoken or written	Kim Jee-woon (Hangul: 김지운; born July 6, 1964) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter.	Kim Jee-woon	Korean
languages spoken or written	Jean-Marie Abgrall (born April 12, 1950 in Toulon, France), where he still lives., is a French psychiatrist, criminologist, specialist in forensic medicine, cult consultant, graduate in criminal law and well-known anti-cultist.	Jean-Marie Abgrall	French
languages spoken or written	Jindřich Štreit (born 5 September 1946 in Vsetín) is a Czech photographer and pedagogue known for his documentary photography.	Jindřich Štreit	Czech
languages spoken or written	Franz Wilhelm Schweigger-Seidel (16 October 1795 -- 5 June 1838); born as Franz Wilhelm Seidel was a German physician and chemist born in Weißenfels.	Franz Wilhelm Schweigger-Seidel	German
languages spoken or written	Sir William Elford, 1st Baronet (August 1749 -- 30 November 1837) was an English banker, politician, and amateur artist.	William Elford	English
languages spoken or written	Sonja Biserko (Serbian Cyrillic: Соња Бисерко; born 14 February 1948, Belgrade, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian campaigner for human rights.	Sonja Biserko	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Pietro Germi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpjɛtro ˈdʒɛrmi); 14 September 1914 -- 5 December 1974) was an Italian actor, screenwriter, and director.	Pietro Germi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Diego de Almagro II (1520 -- September 16th, 1542) called El Mozo (the lad), was the assassin of Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro.	Diego de Almagro II	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sönke Wortmann (August 25, 1959 in Marl, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German film director and producer.	Sönke Wortmann	German
languages spoken or written	David Toop (born 5 May 1949) is an English musician and author, and professor and chair of audio culture and improvisation at the London College of Communication.	David Toop	English
languages spoken or written	José Victoriano Huerta Márquez (Spanish pronunciation: (biktoˈɾjano ˈwerta); 22 December 1850 -- 13 January 1916) was a Mexican military officer and president of Mexico.	Victoriano Huerta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gaius Valerius Flaccus (Setinus Balbus) (in English: /ˈflækəs/; died c. AD 90) was a Roman poet who flourished in the ``Silver Age'' under the emperors Vespasian and Titus and wrote a Latin Argonautica that owes a great deal to Apollonius of Rhodes' more famous epic.	Gaius Valerius Flaccus	Latin
languages spoken or written	José Antonio Plaza (Segovia, 23 May 1939 -- Madrid, 22 November 1998) was a Spanish journalist, and television director and host.	José Antonio Plaza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Blanche Reverchon (1879 - 1974) was a French psychoanalyst.	Blanche Reverchon	French
languages spoken or written	Margrit Läubli (born 3 April 1928) is a Swiss dancer, stage, television and film actress, comedian, cabarettist and radio personality, starring usually in Swiss German language productions.	Margrit Läubli	German
languages spoken or written	In December 1939 at St. Mary the Virgin Church, Oxford University, Nicholas Mansergh married Diana Mary Keeton (1919--2001), the daughter of George Keeton of Fleet, Hampshire, an English public school headmaster and former England Rugby international.	Nicholas Mansergh	English
languages spoken or written	Charles Joseph Minard (French: (minaʁ); 27 March 1781 -- 24 October 1870) was a French civil engineer recognized for his significant contribution in the field of information graphics in civil engineering and statistics.	Charles Joseph Minard	French
languages spoken or written	John Baldwin Buckstone (14 September 1802 -- 31 October 1879) was an English actor, playwright and comedian who wrote 150 plays, the first of which was produced in 1826.	John Baldwin Buckstone	English
languages spoken or written	Theobald Ziegler (February 9, 1846 -- September 1, 1918) was a German philosopher and educator born in Göppingen, Württemberg.	Theobald Ziegler	German
languages spoken or written	Phùng Quán (Hương Thủy, Thừa Thiên-Huế, 1932--22 January 1995) was a Vietnamese novelist and poet.	Phùng Quán	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Paolo Volponi (6 February 1924, Urbino -- 23 August 1994, Ancona) was an Italian writer, poet and politician.	Paolo Volponi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Umberto Barbaro was an Italian film critic and essayist.	Umberto Barbaro	Italian
languages spoken or written	Andreu Fontàs Prat (Catalan pronunciation: (ənˈdɾew funˈtas); born 14 November 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Celta de Vigo.	Andreu Fontàs	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Hans Janowitz (December 2, 1890 in Podiebrad, Bohemia -- May 25, 1954 in New York) was a Bohemian-born German author.	Hans Janowitz	German
languages spoken or written	Pietro Annigoni (7 June 1910 -- 28 October 1988) was an Italian portrait and fresco painter, who became world famous after painting Queen Elizabeth II in 1956.	Pietro Annigoni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hıfzı Topuz (born 1923) is a Turkish veteran journalist, travel writer and novelist.	Hıfzı Topuz	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Ester Boserup (May 18, 1910 -- September 24, 1999), was a Danish economist.	Ester Boserup	Danish
languages spoken or written	Marija Lucija Stupica (13 December 1950 - 28 May 2002) was a Slovene children's book illustrator.	Marija Lucija Stupica	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Joseph-Eugène-Anatole de Baudot (14 October 1834 - 28 February 1915) was a French architect and a pioneer of reinforced-concrete construction.	Anatole de Baudot	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Martin Charcot (/ʃɑːrˈkoʊ/; French: (ʃaʁko); 29 November 1825 -- 16 August 1893) was a French neurologist and professor of anatomical pathology.	Jean-Martin Charcot	French
languages spoken or written	Wulf Kirsten (born 21 June 1934) is a German poet, novelist, and publisher.	Wulf Kirsten	German
languages spoken or written	Lorenzo Hammarsköld (b. Lars Hammarskjöld, 7 April 1785 -- 15 October 1827) was a Swedish critic and literary historian.	Lorenzo Hammarsköld	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Michel Hazanavicius (French pronunciation: ​(mi.ʃɛl a.za.na.vi.sjys); born 29 March 1967) is a French film director, producer, screenwriter and film editor best known for his 2011 film, The Artist, which won the Academy Award for Best Picture at the 84th Academy Awards.	Michel Hazanavicius	French
languages spoken or written	Juan Carlos Mortensen (born April 13, 1972 in Ambato, Ecuador) is a Spanish professional poker player of Danish descent and the only Hispanic Main Event winner of the World Series of Poker.	Carlos Mortensen	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Nanditha Bose is an Indian film actress in Malayalam movies.	Nanditha Bose	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Pavel Jozef Šafárik (13 May 1795-- 26 June 1861) was a Slovak philologist, poet, one of the first scientific Slavists; literary historian, historian and ethnographer.	Pavel Jozef Šafárik	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Annemarie Reinhard (official name after marriage Annemarie Gode) (29 November 1921 -- 10 November 1976) was a German writer.	Annemarie Reinhard	German
languages spoken or written	Cristina García Rodero is a Spanish photographer and member of Magnum Photos and Agence Vu photo agencies.	Cristina García Rodero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Henri Meilhac (21 February 1831 -- 6 July 1897), was a French dramatist and opera librettist.	Henri Meilhac	French
languages spoken or written	António Maria de Fontes Pereira de Melo GCTE KGF (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈfõtɨʃ pɨˈɾɐjɾɐ dɨ ˈmɛlu); Lisbon, 1819 -- Lisbon, 1887) was a Portuguese statesman, politician, and engineer.	Fontes Pereira de Melo	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Professor Shulamit Elizur (Hebrew: שולמית אליצור‎), born April 6, 1955, is a scholar of ancient and medieval piyyut (Hebrew poetry).	Shulamit Elizur	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Constant Marie, known as Le Père Lapurge (17 August 1838 -- 5 August 1910) was a French communard, shoemaker, anarchist and poet.	Constant Marie	French
languages spoken or written	Emily Gravett (born 1972) is an English author and illustrator of children's picture books.	Emily Gravett	English
languages spoken or written	Mihailo Petrović Alas (Serbian Cyrillic: Михаило Петровић Алас; 6 May 1868 -- 8 June 1943), was an influential Serbian mathematician and inventor.	Mihailo Petrović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Laurence Parisot (born on 31 August 1959 in Luxeuil-les-Bains, Haute-Saône) was head of the French MEDEF employers' union between 5 July 2005 and 3 July 2013.	Laurence Parisot	French
languages spoken or written	Ariadna Sintes (Havana, October 7, 1986) is a Cuban-Spanish actress.	Ariadna Sintes	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Guglielmo Cavallo (born 18 August 1938 in Carovigno) is an Italian Greek palaeographer and professor from the Sapienza University of Rome.	Guglielmo Cavallo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Kazimierz Ajdukiewicz (12 December 1890 -- 12 April 1963) was a Polish philosopher and logician, a prominent figure in the Lwów--	Kazimierz Ajdukiewicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	James Lowther, 1st Earl of Lonsdale (5 August 1736 -- 24 May 1802) was an English politician and landowner.	James Lowther, 1st Earl of Lonsdale	English
languages spoken or written	Nimmi (born 18 February 1933) is a former Indian screen actress who achieved stardom in the 1950s and early 1960s in Hindi films.	Nimmi	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Amparo Muñoz Quesada (June 21, 1954 -- February 27, 2011) was a Spanish actress who won the Miss Universe 1974 pageant.	Amparo Muñoz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Olivia Hetreed studied English at university.	Olivia Hetreed	English
languages spoken or written	Louis-Adolphe Paquet (French pronunciation: ​(pɑkɛt); also Pâquet; August 4, 1859--February 4, 1942) was an influential French-Canadian theologian from the late 19th early 20th century, and a major North American proponent and actor in the rebirth of Neo-Scholasticism.	Louis-Adolphe Paquet	French
languages spoken or written	Robert Fortet (1 May 1912, Boulazac, France -- 3 July 1998, Paris) was a French mathematician working on analysis.	Robert Fortet	French
languages spoken or written	Pēteris Plakidis (born March 4, 1947 in Riga, Latvia) is a Latvian composer and pianist.	Pēteris Plakidis	Latvian
languages spoken or written	Vigdis Ystad (born 13 January 1942, Verdal) is a Norwegian literary historian.	Vigdis Ystad	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Armand de Vignerot du Plessis (13 March 1696 -- 8 August 1788) was a French soldier, diplomat and statesman.	Armand de Vignerot du Plessis	French
languages spoken or written	Clara Ng (born 28 July 1973; née Clara Regina Juana, last name pronounced (ŋ̍)) is an Indonesian writer who is known for both adult fiction and children's literature.	Clara Ng	Indonesian
languages spoken or written	Narendra Kohli (नरेन्द्र कोहली)(born 6 January 1940, Sialkot) is a Hindi-language author.	Narendra Kohli	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Mark Goldie is an English historian and Professor of Intellectual History at Churchill College, Cambridge.	Mark Goldie	English
languages spoken or written	Gala Gonzalez (born March 16, 1986 in A Coruña, Galicia, Spain) is a Spanish model, socialite, blogger, fashion designer and DJ. She is considered as the first Spanish fashion blogger.	Gala Gonzalez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ángela Vallvey Arévalo (San Lorenzo de Calatrava, Ciudad Real, 1964) is a Spanish writer.	Ángela Vallvey	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jordi Bosch i Palacios (Mataró, Barcelona; 1956) is a Spanish actor.	Jordi Bosch	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Harun Farocki (9 January 1944 -- 30 July 2014) was a German filmmaker, author, and lecturer in film.	Harun Farocki	German
languages spoken or written	Kjell Bækkelund (6 May 1930 -- 13 May 2004) was a Norwegian classical pianist, born in Oslo.	Kjell Bækkelund	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Guildo Horn (German pronunciation: (ˈɡɪldo ˈhɔʁn); born 15 February 1963 in Trier as Horst Köhler) is a German Schlager singer.	Guildo Horn	German
languages spoken or written	Joaquim Ibarz Melet (25 May 1943 -- 12 March 2011) was a Spanish journalist who for 28 years was a Latin America correspondent for the Barcelona newspaper La Vanguardia.	Joaquim Ibarz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	(Percy) Paul Selver (22 March 1888 -- 6 April 1970) was an English writer and translator.	Paul Selver	English
languages spoken or written	Jürgen Gmehling (born January 13, 1946 in Duisburg) is a retired German professor of technical and industrial chemistry at the Carl von Ossietzky University of Oldenburg.	Jürgen Gmehling	German
languages spoken or written	Alex Jennings (born 10 May 1957) is an English actor, who has worked extensively with the Royal Shakespeare Company and National Theatre.	Alex Jennings	English
languages spoken or written	Tanneguy Le Fèvre (Tanaquil(lus) Faber) (1615 -- 12 September 1672) was a French classical scholar.	Tanneguy Le Fèvre	French
languages spoken or written	Georg Kükenthal (30 March 1864 -- 20 October 1955) was a German pastor and botanist who specialized in the field of caricology.	Georg Kükenthal	German
languages spoken or written	Constantin-Grigore Dumitrescu, also known as Constantin Ticu Dumitrescu or Ticu Dumitrescu (27 May 1928 - 5 December 2008), Olari, Prahova, was a Romanian politician and president of the Association of Romanian Former Political Prisoners.	Constantin Ticu Dumitrescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	T. V. Chandran (Malayalam: ടി.വി. ചന്ദ്രൻ; born 23 November 1950) is an Indian film director, screenwriter, and actor, predominantly working in Malayalam cinema.	T. V. Chandran	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Émile Durand (French: (emil dyʁɑ̃); 16 February 1830 -- 7 May 1903) was a French musical theorist, teacher and composer.	Émile Durand	French
languages spoken or written	Élisabeth Roudinesco (Romanian: Rudinescu; born 10 September 1944) is a French academic psychoanalyst.	Élisabeth Roudinesco	French
languages spoken or written	Norica Nicolai (born Norica Clinci; January 27, 1958) is a Romanian lawyer and politician.	Norica Nicolai	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Segundo Llorente Villa, S.J. (November 18, 1906 -- January 26, 1989) was a Spanish Jesuit, philosopher and author who spent 40 years as a missionary among the Yup'ik in the most remote parts of Alaska.	Segundo Llorente	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Samuel Johnson (18 September 1709 (O.S. 7 September) -- 13 December 1784), often referred to as Dr Johnson, was an English writer who made lasting contributions to English literature as a poet, essayist, moralist, literary critic, biographer, editor and lexicographer.	Samuel Johnson	English
languages spoken or written	Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou (born 25 June 1963), better known by his stage name George Michael, is an English singer, songwriter and record producer.	George Michael	English
languages spoken or written	Jean Auguste Berthaut (29 March 1817, Genlis, Côte-d'Or -- 24 December 1881, Paris) was a French general and French politician.	Jean Auguste Berthaut	French
languages spoken or written	Lina Ramann (July 24, 1833 -- March 30, 1912) was a German writer and teacher known for her books on the Hungarian composer and pianist Franz Liszt.	Lina Ramann	German
languages spoken or written	Jean Tordeur (French: (tɔʁdœr); 5 September 1920 -- 27 January 2010) was a Belgian writer writing in French.	Jean Tordeur	French
languages spoken or written	Jacques de Larosière de Champfeu (born 12 November 1929 in Paris) is a French civil servant.	Jacques de Larosière	French
languages spoken or written	Petr Skoumal (7 March 1938 -- 28 September 2014) was a Czech musician and composer.	Petr Skoumal	Czech
languages spoken or written	Giorgio Celli (16 July 1935 -- 11 June 2011) was an Italian entomologist, ecologist, professor, writer, and politician.	Giorgio Celli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Levi Collison (1875 -- 22 October 1965) was an English art publisher and printer and Liberal Member of Parliament.	Levi Collison	English
languages spoken or written	Ziya' al-Din Nakhshabi was a 14th-century Persian physician and Sufi living in India.	Nakhshabi	Persian
languages spoken or written	Øyvind Rimbereid (born 2 May 1966 in Stavanger) is a Norwegian author and composer of lyric poetry.	Øyvind Rimbereid	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Al-Harith ibn Abi’l-ʿAlaʾ Saʿid ibn Hamdan al-Taghlibi (932--968), better known by his nom de plume of Abu Firas al-Hamdani (Arabic: أبو فراس الحمداني‎), was an Arab prince and poet.	Abu Firas al-Hamdani	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Daniel Balavoine (5 February 1952 -- 14 January 1986), also known as Bala, was a French singer and songwriter.	Daniel Balavoine	French
languages spoken or written	Mikołaj Gomółka (c. 1535 -- after 30 April 1591, most probably 5 March 1609) was a Polish Renaissance composer, member of the royal court of Zygmunt II August, where he was a singer, flautist and trumpeter.	Mikołaj Gomółka	Polish
languages spoken or written	Eugène Séguy (1890 -- 1 June 1985) was a French entomologist / artist who specialised in Diptera.	Eugène Séguy	French
languages spoken or written	Simon Gribelin (1661-1733) was a French line engraver.	Simon Gribelin	French
languages spoken or written	Roque Baños López (born 1968) is a Spanish music composer whose place of birth is Jumilla, a municipality in the Spanish region of Murcia.	Roque Baños	Spanish
languages spoken or written	François-Joseph Gossec (17 January 1734 -- 16 February 1829) was a French composer of operas, string quartets, symphonies, and choral works.	François-Joseph Gossec	French
languages spoken or written	Stanisław Żaryn (5 October 1913 -- 15 July 1964) was a Polish architect and monument conservator.	Stanisław Żaryn	Polish
languages spoken or written	Sir Henry Peyton, 2nd Baronet (1779-1854), of Doddington, Cambridgeshire and Swift's House, Bicester, Oxfordshire was an English politician.	Sir Henry Peyton, 2nd Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Serge Clerc (born 12 October 1957 in Roanne, Loire) is a French comic book artist and illustrator.	Serge Clerc	French
languages spoken or written	Arnoldo Foà (Italian pronunciation: (arˈnoldo foˈa); 24 January 1916 -- 11 January 2014) was an Italian film actor.	Arnoldo Foà	Italian
languages spoken or written	Johannes Scherr (3 October 1817 -- 21 November 1886), was a German-born novelist and literary critic most of whose working life was spent in Switzerland.	Johannes Scherr	German
languages spoken or written	Joan Oriol i Gràcia (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈan uɾiˈɔɫ); born 5 November 1986) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for RCD Mallorca as a left back.	Joan Oriol	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Gotthold Julius Rudolph Sohm (29 October 1841 in Rostock -- 16 May 1917 in Leipzig) was a German jurist and Church historian as well as a theologian.	Rudolph Sohm	German
languages spoken or written	Angeliki Palli (1798 -- 1875) was a Greek-Italian writer, translator and early feminist.	Angeliki Palli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Maurice Arthus (English pronunciation: /ˌɑrˈtuːs/, /ˌɑrˈtjuːs/) was a French immunologist and physiologist.	Nicolas Maurice Arthus	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Kegan Paul (1828 -- July 1902) was an English publisher and author.	Charles Kegan Paul	English
languages spoken or written	David Lesley Goatham, better known by his pen name David Lambkin, is an English novelist.	David Lambkin	English
languages spoken or written	Johann Georg Ebeling (8 July 1637 -- 4 December 1676) was a German composer who was born in Lüneburg and died in Stettin.	Johann Georg Ebeling	German
languages spoken or written	Juan Víctor Pradera Larumbe (1872--1936) was a Spanish political theorist and a Carlist politician.	Víctor Pradera Larumbe	Spanish
languages spoken or written	George Warwick Deeping (28 May 1877 -- 20 April 1950) was a prolific English novelist and short story writer, whose best-known novel was Sorrell and Son (1925).	Warwick Deeping	English
languages spoken or written	Joseph von Auffenberg (25 August 1798 Freiburg -- 25 December 1857 Freiburg) was a German dramatist.	Joseph von Auffenberg	German
languages spoken or written	George Alexander Hardy (29 December 1851 -- 2 October 1920) was an English businessman and Liberal Party politician who served for many years as a councillor in South London, and briefly as a Member of Parliament (MP) for the Stowmarket division of Suffolk.	George Alexander Hardy	English
languages spoken or written	Hereford Brooke George (1838--1910) was an English barrister, academic and historian, also known as an alpinist.	Hereford Brooke George	English
languages spoken or written	Paul Alfred Kleinert is a German writer, editor and translator.	Paul Alfred Kleinert	German
languages spoken or written	Kang-i Sun Chang (born Sun K'ang-i, Chinese: 孫康宜; 21 February 1944), is a Chinese-born American scholar of classical Chinese literature.	Kang-i Sun Chang	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Olivo Barbieri (born 1954 in Carpi, Emilia-Romagna) is an Italian artist and photographer of urban environments.	Olivo Barbieri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Emanuel Zisman (Bulgarian: Емануел Зисман; Hebrew: עמנואל זיסמן‎, 11 February 1935 -- 11 November 2009) was an Israeli politician and ambassador.	Emanuel Zisman	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	William Henry Bliss (26 April 1835 -- 8 March 1911) was an English scholar and Anglican convert to Catholicism.	William Henry Bliss	English
languages spoken or written	Ivan Gutman (born in 1947) is a Serbian chemist and mathematician.	Ivan Gutman	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Mauricio Kagel (Spanish pronunciation: (mauˈɾisjo ˈkaɣel); December 24, 1931 -- September 18, 2008) was a German-Argentine composer.	Mauricio Kagel	German
languages spoken or written	Charles-Claude Genest (17 October 1639 -- 19 November 1719) was a French clergyman, poet and playwright.	Charles-Claude Genest	French
languages spoken or written	Reginald Heber (21 April 1783 -- 3 April 1826) was an English bishop, traveller, man of letters and hymn-writer who, after working as a country parson for 16 years, served as the Bishop of Calcutta until his sudden death at the age of 42.	Reginald Heber	English
languages spoken or written	Erchempert (also Herempert, Latin: Erchempertus) was a Benedictine monk of the Abbey of Monte Cassino in the south of Italy in the final quarter of the ninth century.	Erchempert	Latin
languages spoken or written	Helen Craig (born 30 August 1934 in London) is an English children's book illustrator and author, best known for creating the Angelina Ballerina series of children's books with writer Katharine Holabird.	Helen Craig	English
languages spoken or written	Henry Barraud (sometimes Henri) (23 April 1900 -- 28 December 1997) was a French composer.	Henry Barraud	French
languages spoken or written	General Adolf Heusinger (August 4, 1897 -- November 30, 1982) was a German general officer who served as Adolf Hitler's Chief of the General Staff of the Army during World War II and then served as the first Inspector General of the Bundeswehr, the West German armed forces, from 1957 to 1961.	Adolf Heusinger	German
languages spoken or written	Manfred Noa (1893--1930) was a German film director.	Manfred Noa	German
languages spoken or written	As the work of a gentleman rather than a gardener, as previous French books on gardening had all been, Dezallier d'Argenville's work was laid out like a treatise of architecture, addressed as much to the architect and the patron as to the practicing gardener.	Dezallier d'Argenville	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Sabourin (19 June 1849 -- 6 November 1920) was a French pathologist and pulmonologist born in Châtellerault, Vienne.	Charles Sabourin	French
languages spoken or written	Johann Friedrich von Schulte (April 23, 1827 -- December 19, 1914) was a German legal historian and professor of canon law who was born in Winterberg, Westphalia.	Johann Friedrich von Schulte	German
languages spoken or written	Armand-Albert Rateau (1882 - 1938) was a French furniture maker and interior designer.	Armand-Albert Rateau	French
languages spoken or written	Samuel Homfray (1762 -- 22 May 1822) was an English industrialist during the Industrial Revolution in Great Britain, associated with the early iron industry in South Wales.	Samuel Homfray	English
languages spoken or written	Ausiàs March (Valencian pronunciation: (awziˈaz ˈmaɾk)) (1400 -- March 3, 1459) was a medieval Valencian poet and knight from Gandia, Valencia.	Ausiàs March	Valencian
languages spoken or written	Magnús Kjartansson (25 February 1919 -- 28 July 1981) was an Icelandic journalist, writer, politician and former minister.	Magnús Kjartansson	Icelandic
languages spoken or written	Andrew Lloyd Webber, Baron Lloyd-Webber Kt (born 22 March 1948) is an English composer and impresario of musical theatre.	Andrew Lloyd Webber	English
languages spoken or written	Gaston Frommel (November 25, 1862 in Altkirch, France -- May 18, 1906 in Geneva), French theologian, professor of theology in the University of Geneva from 1894 to 1906.	Gaston Frommel	French
languages spoken or written	José de Castro y Orozco (1808 in Granada -- 1869 in Madrid) was a Spanish politician, poet and playwright whose literary work is associated with the Romantic movement.	José de Castro y Orozco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Cho Chi-hun (December 3, 1920 -- May 17, 1968) was a Korean poet, critic, and activist.	Cho Chi-hun	Korean
languages spoken or written	Karol Modzelewski (born 23 November 1937 in Moscow) is a Polish historian, writer and politician.	Karol Modzelewski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Fernand Lataste (1847 - 1934) was a French zoologist and herpetologist born in Cadillac, Gironde.	Fernand Lataste	French
languages spoken or written	Miranda Carter (born 1965) is an English historian, writer and biographer who now publishes under the name MJ Carter.	Miranda Carter	English
languages spoken or written	Einar Økland (born 17 January 1940) is a Norwegian poet, playwright, essayist and children's writer.	Einar Økland	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Briggs Priestley (16 March 1831 -- 21 October 1907) was an English cloth manufacturer and Liberal Party politician from Bradford in West Yorkshire.	Briggs Priestley	English
languages spoken or written	Michel Murat is best known as a specialist of twentieth-century French literature, with an emphasis on modernity, style, poetics, and versification.	Michel Murat	French
languages spoken or written	Sir John Hobbis Harris (29 July 1874 -- 30 April 1940) was an English missionary, campaigner against slavery and Liberal Party politician.	John Hobbis Harris	English
languages spoken or written	Chriet Titulaer (born May 9, 1943 in Hout-Blerick, Venlo, Limburg province) is a Dutch astronomer, former television presenter and popular science and technology writer.	Chriet Titulaer	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Yigael Yadin (Hebrew: יִגָּאֵל יָדִין, born Yigael Sukenik (Hebrew: יגאל סוקניק‎) 20 March 1917 -- 28 June 1984) was an Israeli archeologist, politician, and the second Chief of Staff of the Israel Defense Forces.	Yigael Yadin	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Gaspar Ibáñez de Segovia Peralta y Mendoza (1628--1708), Marqués de Mondéjar, was a Spanish historian and bibliophile.	Gaspar Ibáñez de Segovia	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Charles-Marie Christian de Chergé, O.C.S.O (Colmar, 18 January 1937 - 21 May 1996), was a French Roman Catholic Cistercian monk.	Christian de Chergé	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Bellmer (13 March 1902 -- 23 February 1975) was a German artist, best known for the life-sized pubescent female dolls he produced in the mid-1930s.	Hans Bellmer	German
languages spoken or written	Xavier Tilliette (born July 23, 1921, Corbie) is a French philosopher, historian of philosophy and theologian, Somme.	Xavier Tilliette	French
languages spoken or written	Lucien Deslinières (1857 in Vierzon -- 1937 in Vernouillet) was a French journalist, writer and socialist.	Lucien Deslinières	French
languages spoken or written	Daniel Marot (1661--1752) was a French Protestant, an architect, furniture designer and engraver at the forefront of the classicizing Late Baroque ``Louis XIV'' style.	Daniel Marot	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Gaumy (born 1948) is a French photographer and filmmaker who has been associated with Magnum Photos since 1977.	Jean Gaumy	French
languages spoken or written	Stella Isaacs, Marchioness of Reading, Baroness Swanborough, GBE (6 January 1894 - 22 May 1971), née Stella Charnaud, was an English philanthropist who is best remembered as the founder and chairman of the Women's Voluntary Service (WVS), now known as Royal Voluntary Service.	Stella Isaacs, Marchioness of Reading	English
languages spoken or written	Max Bonnafous (21 January 1900 -- 16 October 1975) was a French sociologist who was Minister of Agriculture and Supplies from 1942 to 1944 in the Vichy government.	Max Bonnafous	French
languages spoken or written	Čedomir Mirković (Serbian Cyrillic: Чедомир Мирковић; January 18, 1944 -- April 25, 2005) was a Serbian writer.	Čedomir Mirković	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Colette Caillat (1921--2007) was a French professor of Sanskrit and comparative grammar.	Colette Caillat	French
languages spoken or written	César Fernández García (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsesar ferˈnandes ɣarˈθi.a); born on 22 April 1967) is a Spanish novelist.	César Fernández García	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gérard Patris (1931 − 1990) was a French film director and television director who died in a car accident in 1990 in Chailles.	Gérard Patris	French
languages spoken or written	Surekha Vani is an Indian comedian and supporting actress who performs in the Telugu language.	Surekha Vani	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Robert McLellan OBE (1907--1985) was a Scottish dramatist, poet and writer of the Linmill Stories, working principally in the Scots language.	Robert McLellan	Scots language
languages spoken or written	See Geotrigona joearroyoi, a new species of bee from Colombia named in tribute to Joe Arroyo Info and Images Video of Joe Arroyo Obituary in El Tiempo (in Spanish)	Joe Arroyo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Francesca Marinaro, is an Italian politician.	Francesca Marinaro	Italian
languages spoken or written	Luigi Aloysius Colla (30 April 1766 -- 23 December 1848) was an Italian botanist of the late 18th and early 19th Centuries.	Luigi Aloysius Colla	Italian
languages spoken or written	Émile Munier (2 June 1840 -- 29 June 1895) was a French academic artist and student of William-Adolphe Bouguereau.	Émile Munier	French
languages spoken or written	Karl Heinrich von Nassau-Siegen (5 January 1743 - 10 April 1808) was a French-born fortune-seeker best known as Catherine II's least successful naval commander.	Karl Heinrich von Nassau-Siegen	French
languages spoken or written	Jorge Guardiola (born 1963) is a Spanish sports shooter and Olympic medalist.	Jorge Guardiola	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Leopoldo Ortiz Climent (Catadau, Spain, 1941) is a Spanish engineer and politician who belongs to the People's Party (PP).	Leopoldo Ortiz Climent	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Charles Clémencet (1703 -- 5 August 1778) was a French Benedictine historian.	Charles Clémencet	French
languages spoken or written	Peter Constantine (born 1963) is a British and American award-winning literary translator who has translated literary works from German, Russian, French, Modern Greek, Ancient Greek, Italian, Albanian, Dutch, and Slovene.	Peter Constantine	German	Italian
languages spoken or written	Mariusz Hermanowicz (1950--2008) was a Polish - French photographer, known for his ironic style documenting Poland of the communist years.	Mariusz Hermanowicz	French
languages spoken or written	Krishna Kanta Handique (Assamese: কৃষ্ণকান্ত সন্দিকৈ Krishnô Kantô Xôndikoi) (July 20, 1898 -- June 7, 1982) was a Sanskrit scholar, an Indologist and philanthropist from Assam.	Krishna Kanta Handique	Assamese
languages spoken or written	Rudolf Chmel (born 11 February 1939) is a Slovak politician who was Minister of Culture in the government of Slovakia from 2002 to 2005 and again in 2006.	Rudolf Chmel	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Johannes Masing (born 9 January 1959 in Wiesbaden) is a German judge, jurisprudent and public law scholar.	Johannes Masing	German
languages spoken or written	Horst Bartel (16 January 1928 -- 22 June 1984) was a German historian and university professor.	Horst Bartel	German
languages spoken or written	Subair (25 May 1962 -- 18 August 2010) was an Indian film actor in Malayalam cinema industry.	Subair	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Jacques-Gérard Milbert (18 November 1766 -- 5 June 1840) was a French naturalist and artist.	Jacques-Gérard Milbert	French
languages spoken or written	Rudolf Medek (8 January 1890 in Hradec Králové -- 22 August 1940) was a Czech poet, army-related prose writer, and a general in the Czechoslovak Legions in Russia.	Rudolf Medek	Czech
languages spoken or written	Albert Schwegler (February 10, 1819 -- January 5, 1857), was a German philosopher and Protestant theologian.	Albert Schwegler	German
languages spoken or written	Alexandru Ioan Cuza (pronounced (alekˈsandru iˈo̯an ˈkuza), or Alexandru Ioan I, also anglicised as Alexander John Cuza; 20 March 1820 -- 15 May 1873) was Prince of Moldavia, Prince of Wallachia, and later Domnitor (ruler) of the Romanian Principalities.	Alexandru Ioan Cuza	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Ernst Engelberg (5 April 1909 -- 18 December 2010) was a German university professor and historian.	Ernst Engelberg	German
languages spoken or written	Ramya Sri is South Indian Actress who has acted 250 films in Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam, Hindi and Bhojpuri Languages.	Ramya Sri	Malayalam	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Dragomir Brajković (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгомир Брајковић; 10 December 1947 -- 29 November 2009) was a Montenegrin Serb writer, journalist, editor of Radio Belgrade and poet.	Dragomir Brajković	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Jacob Bouverie, 1st Viscount Folkestone (bapt. 14 October 1694 -- 17 February 1761) was an English politician of huguenot descent, known as Sir Jacob Bouverie, 3rd Baronet from 1737 to 1747.	Jacob Bouverie, 1st Viscount Folkestone	English
languages spoken or written	Thomas Campion (sometimes Campian) (12 February 1567 -- 1 March 1620) was an English composer, poet, and physician.	Thomas Campion	English
languages spoken or written	Suruli Rajan was a Tamil film comedian.	Suruli Rajan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Marie and Robert Weatherall were a married couple who collaborated in translating the work of Karel Čapek into English.	Marie and Robert Weatherall	English
languages spoken or written	Sarah Moon (born 1941), previously known as Marielle Warin, is a French photographer.	Sarah Moon	French
languages spoken or written	Favell Lee Mortimer, born Favell Lee Bevan (14 July 1802 -- 22 August 1878) was an English Evangelical author of educational books for children.	Favell Lee Mortimer	English
languages spoken or written	John Timbs (17 August 1801 -- 6 March 1875) was an English author and antiquary.	John Timbs	English
languages spoken or written	Antonio Albacete (born 15 January 1965) is a Spanish racing driver.	Antonio Albacete	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Potier de Novion (1618 -- 1 September 1693) was a French magistrate of the Ancien Régime.	Nicolas Potier de Novion	French
languages spoken or written	Mary Elizabeth Braddon (4 October 1835 -- 4 February 1915) was an English popular novelist of the Victorian era.	Mary Elizabeth Braddon	English
languages spoken or written	Rosa Porten (February 18, 1884 - May 7, 1972) was a prolific German screenwriter, actor, and director during the nitrate film era.	Rosa Porten	German
languages spoken or written	Manuel Broseta Pont (13 October 1932 -- 15 February 1992) was a Spanish academic and politician.	Manuel Broseta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ryszard Kornacki (born 1940 in Lublin) it a Polish poet and essayist from Międzyrzec Podlaski.	Ryszard Kornacki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Pam Gems (1 August 1925 -- 13 May 2011) was an English playwright.	Pam Gems	English
languages spoken or written	Marie Jules Constant Robert Courrier ForMemRS (6 October 1895 -- 13 March 1986) was a French biologist, and doctor.	Robert Courrier	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Bernard Renouvier (French: (ʁənuvje); January 1, 1815 -- September 1, 1903) was a French philosopher.	Charles Bernard Renouvier	French
languages spoken or written	André Comte-Sponville (born 12 March 1952) is a French philosopher born in Paris, France.	André Comte-Sponville	French
languages spoken or written	Gianluigi Zuddas (born 1943) is an Italian author and translator of science fiction.	Gianluigi Zuddas	Italian
languages spoken or written	Czesław Kiszczak (ˈt͡ʂɛswaf ˈkiʂt͡ʂak) (19 October 1925 -- 5 November 2015) was a Polish communist-era soldier and Communist politician.	Czesław Kiszczak	Polish
languages spoken or written	Hippolyte Fontaine (born François-Hypolite Fontaine, 12 April 1833 in Dijon -- 17 February 1910 in Hyères) was a French electrical engineer who worked with Zénobe Gramme on the development of the Gramme machine (the first industrially viable electrical generator), and whose contributions were essential to the creation of the dynamo.	Hippolyte Fontaine	French
languages spoken or written	Mahmoud Messadi (Tunisian Arabic: محمود المسعدي‎; 28 January 1911 -- 16 December 2004) was a Tunisian author and intellectual.	Mahmoud Messadi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Alonso Gutiérrez, also known as Alonso de la Vera Cruz (c.1507--1584) was a Spanish philosopher and Augustinian, who took the religious name da Vera Cruz.	Alonso Gutiérrez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Dieter Senghaas (born August 27, 1940, in Geislingen an der Steige) is a German social scientist and peace researcher.	Dieter Senghaas	German
languages spoken or written	Marco Tarchi (born October 11, 1952 in Rome) is an Italian political scientist.	Marco Tarchi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Don Antonio de Benavides y Fernández de Navarrete (Baeza, Spain, 20 June 1807 -- Madrid, Spain, 23 January 1884) was a Spanish noble, historian and politician who served as Minister of State between 1864 and 1865, in the reign of Queen Isabella II of Spain.	Antonio de Benavides y Fernández de Navarrete	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Prince Adam Jerzy Czartoryski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈadam ˈjɛʐɨ t͡ʂartɔˈrɨskʲi), Lithuanian: Аdomas Jurgis Čartoriskis, also known as Adam George Czartoryski in English; 14 January 1770 -- 15 July 1861) was a Polish noble, statesman and author.	Adam Jerzy Czartoryski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Edward Carpenter (29 August 1844 -- 28 June 1929) was an English socialist poet, philosopher, anthologist, and early LGBT activist.	Edward Carpenter	English
languages spoken or written	Hippolyte Morestin (1 September 1869 -- 12 February 1919) was a French surgeon, and associate professor of anatomy at the University of Paris.	Hippolyte Morestin	French
languages spoken or written	Emil Kraepelin (/ˈɛ:.mil ˈkrɛ:pɛ.lin/; 15 February 1856 -- 7 October 1926) was a German psychiatrist.	Emil Kraepelin	German
languages spoken or written	Atom Yarjanian (Armenian: Ատոմ Եարճանեան), better known by his pen name Siamanto (Սիամանթօ) (15 August 1878 -- August 1915), was an influential Armenian writer, poet and national figure from the late 19th century and early 20th century.	Siamanto	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Philomina (1926 -- 2 January 2006) was a veteran Malayalam film actress.	Philomina	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Alain Chenciner (23 October 1943, Villeneuve-sur-Lot) is a French mathematician, specializing in dynamical systems with applications to celestial mechanics.	Alain Chenciner	French
languages spoken or written	Fra' Annibale Caro, K.M., (6 June 1507 -- 17 November 1566) was an Italian writer and poet.	Annibale Caro	Italian
languages spoken or written	Juan Ramírez Mejandre (March 23, 1680 -- July 15, 1739), was a Spanish Baroque sculptor.	Juan Ramírez Mejandre	Spanish
languages spoken or written	David Callejón (Barcelona, Spain, 1981), known artistically as David Guapo, is a Spanish comedian and singer.	David Guapo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jerzy Karol Kurnatowski (1 July 1874 -- 22 May 1934) was a Polish lawyer, economist, academic, author, politician, public official, and political scientist.	Jerzy Karol Kurnatowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	François Brochet (3 January 1925 -- 10 August 2001) was a French sculptor, painter and printer.	François Brochet	French
languages spoken or written	Teuvo Kohonen (born July 11, 1934) is a prominent Finnish academician (Dr. Eng.) and researcher.	Teuvo Kohonen	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Otto Sutermeister was a friend of the German poet Friedrich Rückert, the father of Werner Sutermeister and the grandfather of Heinrich and Hans Martin Sutermeister.	Otto Sutermeister	German
languages spoken or written	Tadeusz Mazowiecki (taˈdɛuʂ mazɔˈvʲɛt͡skʲi); (18 April 1927 -- 28 October 2013) was a Polish author, journalist, philanthropist and Christian-democratic politician, formerly one of the leaders of the Solidarity movement, and the first non-communist Polish prime minister since 1946.	Tadeusz Mazowiecki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Lars Sund's five latest books have been translated to Finnish.	Lars Sund	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Corneliu Baba (Romanian pronunciation: (korˈnelju ˈbaba); November 18, 1906, Craiova -- December 28, 1997) was a Romanian painter, primarily a portraitist, but also known as a genre painter and an illustrator of books.	Corneliu Baba	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Armand Dayot, (19 October 1851 -- 2 October 1934), was a French art critic, art historian and leftist politician.	Armand Dayot	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Claude Romand (born 11 February 1954) is a French murderer and impostor who pretended to be a medical doctor for 18 years before killing his family when he was about to be exposed.	Jean-Claude Romand	French
languages spoken or written	Vlado Perlemuter (26 May 1904 -- 4 September 2002) was a Lithuanian-born French pianist and teacher.	Vlado Perlemuter	French
languages spoken or written	Albena Bakratcheva received her master's degree in Bulgarian and English literature from the St Kliment Ohridski University of Sofia in 1984.	Albena Bakratcheva	English
languages spoken or written	Sir Robert Dallington (1561--1637) was an English courtier, travel writer and translator, and master of the London Charterhouse.	Robert Dallington	English
languages spoken or written	Begum Para (1926--2008) was an Indian Hindi film actress who was active mostly in the 1940s and 1950s.	Begum Para	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Haruhiko Kindaichi (金田一 春彦, Kindaichi Haruhiko; April 3, 1913 -- May 19, 2004) was a Japanese linguist and a scholar of Japanese linguistics (known as kokugogaku).	Haruhiko Kindaichi	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Benjamin Ulmann, French (Alsatian) Jewish painter, born at Blotzheim (Haut Rhin) in 1829, was a pupil of Michel Martin Drolling and of François-Édouard Picot, and entered the Ecole des Beaux Arts in 1849.	Benjamin Ulmann	French
languages spoken or written	Jonathan Boakes is an English game designer, born in November 7, 1973 in Kent, UK.	Jonathan Boakes	English
languages spoken or written	Philippe Ariès (French: (aʁjɛs); 21 July 1914 -- 8 February 1984) was a French medievalist and historian of the family and childhood, in the style of Georges Duby.	Philippe Ariès	French
languages spoken or written	Ernest Christophe (1827 -- 1892) was a French sculptor, a student of François Rude and a friend of Charles Baudelaire.	Ernest Christophe	French
languages spoken or written	K. S. Ravikumar (Tamil: கே. எஸ். ரவிகுமார்; born 30 May 1958) is an Indian film director and actor, primarily working in Tamil cinema.	K. S. Ravikumar	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Hernando de Alarcón, a Spanish navigator of the 16th century, born in Trujillo, Extremadura, noted for having led an early expedition to the Baja California Peninsula, meant to be coordinated with Francisco Vasquéz de Coronado's overland expedition, and for penetrating the Colorado River into California.	Hernando de Alarcón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Josep Lluís Sert i López (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛb ʎuˈis ˈsɛrt)) (July 1, 1902 -- March 15, 1983) was a Spanish architect and city planner.	Josep Lluís Sert	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Walther von der Vogelweide (c. 1170 -- c. 1230) is the most celebrated of the Middle High German lyric poets.	Walther von der Vogelweide	Middle High German
languages spoken or written	Dzidra Rinkule-Zemzare (born 8 July 1920, died 4 November 2007), was a Latvian poet and children's book author.	Dzidra Rinkule-Zemzare	Latvian
languages spoken or written	Graciano Antuña (1903, San Martín del Rey Aurelio, Asturias -- May 13, 1937) was a Spanish union socialist politician.	Graciano Antuña	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Terenzio, Count Mamiani della Rovere (1799--1885) was an Italian writer and statesman.	Terenzio, Count Mamiani della Rovere	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sheikh Ibrahim Sarsur (Arabic: ابراهيم صرصور‎, Hebrew: אִבְרָהִים צַרְצוּר; born 2 February 1959) is an Israeli Arab politician.	Ibrahim Sarsur	Arabic	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Urmas Paet (born 20 April 1974) is an Estonian politician who was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Estonia from 2005 to 2014.	Urmas Paet	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Hans Günter Merz, better known as HG Merz (* 1947 in Tailfingen) is a German architect and museum designer.	HG Merz	German
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Laube (September 18, 1806 - August 1, 1884), German dramatist, novelist and theatre-director, was born at Sprottau in Prussian Silesia.	Heinrich Laube	German
languages spoken or written	Jef Friboulet, born Émile Jean Jules Friboulet (Fécamp, November 11, 1919-Yport, May 13, 2003) was a Norman-French painter and sculptor.	Jef Friboulet	French
languages spoken or written	Benito Zambrano (Lebrija, 20 March 1965), is an awarded Spanish screenwriter and film director.	Benito Zambrano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ana Patricia Botín-Sanz de Sautuola O'Shea, DBE (born 4 October 1960) is a Spanish banker.	Ana Patricia Botín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gangadhar Gopal Gadgil (25 August 1923 -- 15 September 2008) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Gangadhar Gopal Gadgil	Marathi
languages spoken or written	Shmuel Yeivin (Hebrew: שמואל ייבין) (September 2, 1896 - February 28, 1982) was an Israeli archaeologist.	Shmuel Yeivin	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Zadie Smith FRSL (born on 25 October 1975) is an English novelist, essayist, and short story writer.	Zadie Smith	English
languages spoken or written	Raphael Patkanian (Armenian: Ռափայել Պատկանյան; also known as Kamar Katiba, 8 November 1830 - 22 August 1892) was one of the most popular Armenian poets.	Raphael Patkanian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Filippo Scòzzari (Bologna, 1946), is an Italian comics artist, painter and writer, one of the main figures of the 1970s underground art movement.	Filippo Scòzzari	Italian
languages spoken or written	Acharya Shivpujan Sahay was a noted Hindi Novelist, editor and a Prose Writer.	Acharya Shivpujan Sahay	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Émile Armand (pseudonym of Ernest-Lucien Juin Armand; 26 March 1872 -- 19 February 1963) was an influential French individualist anarchist at the beginning of the 20th century and also a dedicated free love/polyamory, intentional community, and pacifist/antimilitarist writer, propagandist and activist.	Émile Armand	French
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Wilhelm Hackländer, in later life von Hackländer (1 November 1816 -- 6 July 1877), was a successful German author.	Friedrich Wilhelm Hackländer	German
languages spoken or written	Gregor Wilhelm Nitzsch (November 22, 1790 -- July 22, 1861) was a German classical scholar known chiefly for his writings on Homeric epic.	Gregor Wilhelm Nitzsch	German
languages spoken or written	William Ames (/eɪmz/; Latin: Guilielmus Amesius; 1576 -- 14 November 1633) was an English Protestant divine, philosopher, and controversialist.	William Ames	English
languages spoken or written	Óscar Pérez Solís (24 August 1882 -- 26 October 1951) was a Spanish artillery officer, engineer, journalist and politician.	Óscar Pérez Solís	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ludwig Meidner (18 April 1884 -- 14 May 1966) was a German expressionist painter and printmaker born in Bernstadt, Silesia.	Ludwig Meidner	German
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Tiedemann (23 August 1781 -- 22 January 1861) was a German anatomist and physiologist.	Friedrich Tiedemann	German
languages spoken or written	Peter Stephan Jungk (born December 19, 1952, in Santa Monica, California) is an American German-speaking novelist.	Peter Stephan Jungk	German
languages spoken or written	Helene Uri (born 11 December 1964) is a Norwegian linguist, novelist and children's writer.	Helene Uri	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Marcel Blistène, born Marcel Blitstein (June 3, 1911, Paris - August 2, 1991), was a French film director.	Marcel Blistène	French
languages spoken or written	Paolo Virno (born 1952) is an Italian philosopher, semiologist and a figurehead for the Italian Marxist movement.	Paolo Virno	Italian
languages spoken or written	Valentin Ernst Löscher (born at Sondershausen 29 December 1673; died at Dresden 12 December 1749) was a German orthodox Lutheran theologian.	Valentin Ernst Löscher	German
languages spoken or written	Marc Trévidic, born on 20 July 1965 in Bordeaux, is a French magistrate.	Marc Trévidic	French
languages spoken or written	Nicholas Moore (16 November 1918 -- 26 January 1986) was an English poet, associated with the New Apocalyptics in the 1940s, whose reputation stood as high as Dylan Thomas's.	Nicholas Moore	English
languages spoken or written	Gonzalo García Téllez, known as Lalo García (20 March 1971 -- March 2015) was a Spanish basketball player who played for CB Valladolid and the national team.	Lalo García	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Wacław Seweryn Rzewuski (1784--1831) was a Polish explorer, poet, orientalist and horse expert.	Wacław Seweryn Rzewuski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Antonio Giménez-Rico (born 20 November 1938), is a Spanish film director and screenwriter.	Antonio Giménez-Rico	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Carlo Formichi (1871-1943) was an Italian orientalist and Sanskrit Scholar.	Carlo Formichi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Frutos Baeza (1861--1918) was a Spanish poet and writer of the Murcian dialect.	Frutos Baeza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Étienne de Flacourt (1607--1660) was a French governor of Madagascar, born at Orléans in 1607.	Étienne de Flacourt	French
languages spoken or written	Werner Stötzer (born Sonneberg 2 April 1931: died Altlangsow 22 July 2010) was a German Artist and Sculptor.	Werner Stötzer	German
languages spoken or written	Tadashi Kawamata (川俣正) is a Japanese artist, born in Hokkaido, he lives in Paris and Tokyo.	Tadashi Kawamata	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Andrés Niño (born in Moguer in 1475; died about 1530) was a Spanish navigator.	Andrés Niño	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Samuel Milles (c. 1669 -- 10 December 1727) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1722 to 1727.	Samuel Milles	English
languages spoken or written	Diego de Almagro, (c. 1475 -- July 8, 1538), also known as El Adelantado and El Viejo (The Elder), was a Spanish conquistador and a companion and later rival of Francisco Pizarro.	Diego de Almagro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jacques Antoine (14 March 1924 -- 14 September 2012) was a French creator and producer of game shows.	Jacques Antoine	French
languages spoken or written	Robert Desoille (May 29, 1890 - October 10, 1966) was a French psychotherapist.	Robert Desoille	French
languages spoken or written	Zoran Bujas (27 December 1910 -- 11 January 2004) was a Croatian psychologist.	Zoran Bujas	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Irena Bobowska (3 September 1920 - 27 September 1942) was a Polish poet and member of the Polish resistance.	Irena Bobowska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Kurt Schneider (7 January 1887 -- 27 October 1967) was a German psychiatrist known largely for his writing on the diagnosis and understanding of schizophrenia, as well as personality disorders then known as psychopathic personalities.	Kurt Schneider	German
languages spoken or written	Mercè Pons is a known Spanish TV, dubbing, theatre and movie actress born in 1966.	Mercè Pons	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Amédée Louis Michel le Peletier, comte de Saint-Fargeau (October 9, 1770 -- August 23, 1845), also spelled Lepeletier or Lepelletier, was a French entomologist, and specialist in the Hymenoptera.	Amédée Louis Michel le Peletier, comte de Saint-Fargeau	French
languages spoken or written	Austin Harvey Gomme known as Andor Gomme (7 May 1930 -- 19 September 2008) was a British scholar of English literature and architectural history.	Andor Gomme	English
languages spoken or written	Sir Derek Jules Gaspard Ulric Niven van den Bogaerde, known as Dirk Bogarde (28 March 1921 -- 8 May 1999) was an English actor and writer.	Dirk Bogarde	English
languages spoken or written	Kullamani was a Tamil film actor comedian who appeared in South Indian films.	Kullamani	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Hans Carl Friedrich von Mangoldt (1854--1925) was a German mathematician who contributed to the solution of the prime number theorem.	Hans Carl Friedrich von Mangoldt	German
languages spoken or written	Léon Barsacq (18 October 1906 -- 23 December 1969) was a Russian-born and naturalized French production designer, art director and set decorator.	Léon Barsacq	French
licensed to broadcast to	WHBX, or 96.1 Jamz, is an urban contemporary radio station in the Tallahassee, Florida market owned by Cumulus Licensing, LLC. According to AllAccess.com, WHBX is the highest rated station in the Tallahassee, FL market, joining sister stations Blazin 102.3 and Star 98 as the market's highest rated stations.	WHBX	Tallahassee
licensed to broadcast to	WYYU FM 104.5 (``Mixx 104-5'', pronounced ``mix one oh four five'') is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary music format, and licensed to serve Dalton, Georgia, USA.	WYYU	Dalton
licensed to broadcast to	WSML is located in Graham, North Carolina, and broadcasts at 1200 AM.	WSML	Graham, North Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	WKGV (104.1 FM) is a Contemporary Christian radio station licensed to Swansboro, North Carolina.	WKGV	Swansboro, North Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	WHIT (``Hank on AM 1550'' AM) is a radio station based in Madison, Wisconsin and broadcasting a classic country format.	WHIT	Madison
licensed to broadcast to	Jazz Radio is based in Lyon, France and it is broadcasting nationally with around 45 frequencies throughout France including Monaco.	Jazz Radio	Lyon
licensed to broadcast to	KPEZ, known on-air as ``102.3 The Beat'', is a radio station licensed to and serving Austin, Texas, operating a Rhythmic Contemporary format.	KPEZ	Austin
licensed to broadcast to	CFIT-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a hot adult contemporary/adult top 40 format at 106.1 FM in Airdrie, Alberta.	CFIT-FM	Airdrie, Alberta
licensed to broadcast to	WQBT (94.1 FM), known as ``94.1 The Beat'', is an Urban Contemporary radio station targeted towards Savannah, Georgia.	WQBT	Savannah
licensed to broadcast to	CKWF-FM is a radio station in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada, broadcasting at 101.5 FM, with an active rock format branded as The Wolf 101.5.	CKWF-FM	Peterborough
licensed to broadcast to	WDNC is a sports talk radio station licensed to Durham, North Carolina but based in Raleigh, North Carolina with a frequency of 620 AM.	WDNC	Durham
licensed to broadcast to	WBLM 102.9 FM is a classic rock radio station serving the central and southern Maine and southeastern New Hampshire listening areas from Portland, Maine.	WBLM	Portland
licensed to broadcast to	Licensed to Bolivia, North Carolina, USA, and Topsail Beach, North Carolina, USA, respectively, WUDE and WNTB serve the Wilmington area.	WUDE	Bolivia, North Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	KZRR (94.1 FM, ``94 Rock'') is a commercial radio station located in Albuquerque, New Mexico, broadcasting to the Albuquerque-Santa Fe, New Mexico, area.	KZRR	Albuquerque
licensed to broadcast to	KVGS is a commercial radio station located in Meadview, Arizona, broadcasting to the Las Vegas metropolitan area on 107.9 FM.	KVGS	Meadview
licensed to broadcast to	CIRK-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts classic rock on 97.3 MHz FM in Edmonton, Alberta.	CIRK-FM	Edmonton
licensed to broadcast to	Radio West Fife is one of Scotland's oldest hospital radio stations and broadcasts by landline to the Queen Margaret Hospital in Dunfermline.	Radio West Fife	Dunfermline
licensed to broadcast to	WPOP (1410 AM; ``News Radio 1410'') is a radio station in Hartford, Connecticut, USA broadcasting a talk, news, and sports format.	WPOP	Hartford
licensed to broadcast to	KZZO (100.5 FM) is a hot adult contemporary radio station in Sacramento, California, known as Now 100 FM.	KZZO	Sacramento
licensed to broadcast to	WBGK is an FM radio station licensed to Newport (village), New York.	WBGK	Newport (village), New York
licensed to broadcast to	KXLE-FM is a radio station located in Ellensburg, Washington, USA, operating on a frequency of 95.3 MHz with an effective radiated power of 51,000 watts.	KXLE-FM	Ellensburg
licensed to broadcast to	WRDF (106.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Columbia City, Indiana located near Fort Wayne, Indiana.	WRDF	Columbia City, Indiana
licensed to broadcast to	CHMB is a Canadian AM radio station, broadcasting from Vancouver, British Columbia on 1320 kHz.	CHMB	Vancouver
licensed to broadcast to	CJUL was an English-language Canadian radio station located in Cornwall, Ontario.	CJUL	Cornwall
licensed to broadcast to	WLUR is a Public Radio and Variety formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Lexington, Virginia.	WLUR	Lexington
licensed to broadcast to	CJMJ-FM is an adult contemporary radio station at 100.3 FM in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	CJMJ-FM	Ottawa
licensed to broadcast to	CHMN-FM is a Canadian radio station serving Canmore and Banff, Alberta at 106.5 FM, and airs an adult contemporary format under the name 106.5 Mountain FM.	CHMN-FM	Canmore
licensed to broadcast to	WKKF (102.3 FM) - branded as Kiss 102.3 - is a contemporary hit radio station licensed to Ballston Spa, New York and serving the Capital District and Adirondacks.	WKKF	Ballston Spa, New York
licensed to broadcast to	KWCE-LP, channel 27, is a television station in Alexandria, Louisiana.	KWCE-LP	Alexandria
licensed to broadcast to	CJRT-FM is a Canadian public radio station, which broadcasts at 91.1 on the FM dial in Toronto, Ontario.	CJRT-FM	Toronto
licensed to broadcast to	WRBA (95.9 FM), known as ``Classic Rock 95.9'', is a radio station that broadcasts out of Springfield, Florida, in the Panama City market.	WRBA	Springfield
licensed to broadcast to	KMCN (94.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Clinton, Iowa and broadcasting an Adult Hits format under the branding Mac 94.7 - 93.1 along with its sister station, KMCS in Muscatine, Iowa.	KMCN	Clinton, Iowa
licensed to broadcast to	KIDR, 740 AM, is a Spanish Language Catholic radio station serving the Phoenix, Arizona, area.	KIDR	Phoenix
licensed to broadcast to	WHIN (1010 AM), licensed to Gallatin, Tennessee, is a radio station broadcasting a country music format.	WHIN	Gallatin, Tennessee
licensed to broadcast to	KOAR (101.5 FM) is a non-commercial educational radio station licensed to serve Beebe, Arkansas, USA.	KOAR	Beebe
licensed to broadcast to	The station is a class A licensed station transmitting from Rantoul, Illinois, at 3,800 watts and is owned by SJ Broadcasting, LLC. WQQB was granted a broadcast license renewal on February 9, 1996 with that license expiring on December 1, 2012.	WQQB	Rantoul
licensed to broadcast to	CIQM-FM is an FM radio station broadcasting at 97.5 FM in London, Ontario, Canada, branded as 97-5 Virgin Radio.	CIQM-FM	London
licensed to broadcast to	WTQR (Q104.1 FM) is a country music station licensed to Winston-Salem, North Carolina and serves the Piedmont Triad region, including Greensboro and High Point.	WTQR	Winston-Salem
licensed to broadcast to	WYVC (102.3 FM) was a radio station formerly licensed to serve Camden, Alabama.	WYVC	Camden
manufacturer	The Schwartzkopff torpedo was a torpedo manufactured in the late 19th century by the German firm Eisengießerei und Maschinen-Fabrik von L. Schwartzkopff, later known as Berliner Maschinenbau, based on the Whitehead design.	Schwartzkopff torpedo	Berliner Maschinenbau
manufacturer	The development of the Type 62 light tank began at Factory 674 (Harbin First Machinery Building Group Ltd) in 1958.	Type 62	Harbin First Machinery Building Group Ltd
manufacturer	The RMS Titanic, the largest ship afloat at the time it entered service, was the second of three Olympic class ocean liners operated by the White Star Line, and was built by the Harland and Wolff shipyard in Belfast with Thomas Andrews as her naval architect.	RMS Titanic	Harland and Wolff
manufacturer	The Bushmaster M17S is a semi-automatic bullpup rifle that was manufactured by Bushmaster Firearms International from 1992 until 2005.	Bushmaster M17S	Bushmaster Firearms International
manufacturer	TS Duchess of Montrose was built by William Denny and Brothers for the Caledonian Steam Packet Company in response to the growing competition from rival turbine steamers.	TS Duchess of Montrose	William Denny and Brothers
manufacturer	The Velvet Glove was a short-range semi-active radar homing air-to-air missile designed by CARDE (today DRDC Valcartier) and produced by Canadair starting in 1953.	Velvet Glove	Canadair
manufacturer	The Mossberg 183 is a .410 bore bolt action shotgun, produced between 1947 and 1971 by O.F. Mossberg & Sons in New Haven, Conn.	Mossberg 183	O.F. Mossberg & Sons
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Minicab is a kei truck and microvan built and sold in Japan by Mitsubishi Motors since 1966.	Mitsubishi Minicab	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	The Remington Model 511 Scoremaster is a bolt-action rifle manufactured by Remington Arms from 1939 until 1963.	Remington Model 511 Scoremaster	Remington Arms
manufacturer	The Hyundai Chorus (hangul:현대 코러스) is a minibus built by Hyundai Motor Company.	Hyundai Chorus	Hyundai Motor Company
manufacturer	The Bristol 408 is a British luxury car made by Bristol Cars between 1963 and 1966.	Bristol 408	Bristol Cars
manufacturer	The FM H-16-44 was a road switcher produced by Fairbanks-Morse from April 1950 --	FM H-16-44	Fairbanks-Morse
manufacturer	The EMD 710 is a line of diesel engines built by Electro-Motive Diesel (previously General Motors' Electro-Motive Division).	EMD 710	Electro-Motive Diesel
manufacturer	The Commodore Amiga 1000, also known as the A1000 and originally simply as the Amiga, was the first personal computer release by Commodore International in the Amiga line.	Amiga 1000	Commodore International
manufacturer	The Hyundai e-Mighty (hangul:현대 이 마이티, 현대 e-마이티) is a line of light-duty commercial vehicles by Hyundai Motor Company.	Hyundai e-Mighty	Hyundai Motor Company
manufacturer	The Union Pacific Challengers were a type of simple articulated 4-6-6-4 steam locomotive built by American Locomotive Company for the Union Pacific Railroad.	Union Pacific Challenger	American Locomotive Company
manufacturer	The Short C-23 Sherpa is a small military transport aircraft built by Short Brothers.	Short C-23 Sherpa	Short Brothers
manufacturer	The Canon PowerShot SX60 HS is a digital ultrazoom bridge camera announced by Canon Inc. on September 15, 2014.	Canon PowerShot SX60 HS	Canon Inc.
manufacturer	The Wright R-1300 Cyclone 7 is an American air-cooled seven-cylinder supercharged radial aircraft engine produced by Curtiss-Wright.	Wright R-1300 Cyclone 7	Curtiss-Wright
manufacturer	The Pneumatic Valve and Rod rifle also known as UDMC PVAR rifle is Filipino assault rifle, manufactured by United Defense Manufacturing Corporation, and is a variant of the Armalite AR-15 and M16 rifle.	PVAR rifle	United Defense Manufacturing Corporation
manufacturer	German submarine U-190 was a Type IXC/40 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine built for service during World War II. Her keel was laid down on 7 October 1941 by DeSchiMAG AG Weser of Bremen.	German submarine U-190	AG Weser
manufacturer	The Paykan (Persian: پيکان‎‎ Arrow) was an automobile produced by the Iranian company Iran Khodro (formerly called ``Iran National'') Industrial Group.	Paykan	Iran Khodro
manufacturer	The DKW Munga was a DKW-branded off-road vehicle built by Auto-Union in Ingolstadt, Germany.	DKW Munga	Auto-Union
manufacturer	The Rimac Concept One (also styled Concept_One) is a two-seat high-performance electric sports car designed and manufactured by Rimac Automobili.	Rimac Concept One	Rimac Automobili
manufacturer	The Sauber C9 (later named the Sauber Mercedes C9 or Mercedes-Benz C9) was a Group C prototype race car introduced in 1987 as a continuation of the partnership between Sauber as a constructor and Mercedes-Benz as an engine builder for the World Sportscar Championship.	Sauber C9	Mercedes-Benz
manufacturer	The Baldwin DS-4-4-1000 were two models of four-axle 1,000 horsepower (746 kW) diesel-electric switching locomotives built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works between 1946 and 1951.	Baldwin DS-4-4-1000	Baldwin Locomotive Works
manufacturer	The XSSM-A-5 Boojum, also known by the project number MX-775B, was a supersonic cruise missile developed by the Northrop Corporation for the United States Air Force in the late 1940s.	SSM-A-5 Boojum	Northrop
manufacturer	An EMD SW900 is a diesel switcher locomotive built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division and General Motors Diesel (GMD) between December 1953 and March 1969.	EMD SW900	General Motors Diesel
manufacturer	Xelibri was a fashion-oriented range of mobile phones created by Siemens mobile in early 2003.	Xelibri	Siemens
member of political party	Claude DeBellefeuille (born December 13, 1963) is a former Bloc Québécois Member of Parliament for the riding of Beauharnois--	Claude DeBellefeuille	Bloc Québécois
member of political party	Maria Justine Elliot MP (born 29 July 1967), an Australian politician, is a member of the Australian House of Representatives, representing the Division of Richmond, New South Wales for the Australian Labor Party, since the 2004 federal election.	Justine Elliot	Australian Labor Party
member of sports team	Donald Wellington (born 10 September 1992) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who plays in Sweden for IFK Värnamo, as a striker.	Donald Wellington	IFK Värnamo
member of sports team	Kyle Bibb (born 25 January 1987 ) is an English rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Hull F.C., Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Hull Kingston Rovers, Harlequins, and Dewsbury Rams, as a prop.	Kyle Bibb	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats	Hull Kingston Rovers
military branch	Lieutenant-General Henry de Grangues (died June 1754) was a British Army officer.	Henry de Grangues	British Army
military branch	The 116th (Perthshire Highlanders) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army, formed in 1793 and disbanded in 1795, with some personnel sent to the 42nd Highlanders.	116th (Perthshire Highlanders) Regiment of Foot	British Army
mother	The oldest son of King Edmund I and his Queen Ælfgifu of Shaftesbury, Eadwig became King in 955 following the death of his uncle Eadred.	Eadwig	Ælfgifu of Shaftesbury
mother	Bridget of York (10 November 1480 -- 1517) was an English princess, the tenth child and seventh daughter of Edward IV of England and Queen Elizabeth Woodville.	Bridget of York	Elizabeth Woodville
mother	Ašmu-nikal was born as a princess, the daughter of King Tudhaliya I and Queen Nikal-mati.	Ašmu-nikal	Nikal-mati
mother	Constantia Eriksdotter (1560-1649) was the illegitimate daughter of Eric XIV of Sweden and Agda Persdotter.	Constantia Eriksdotter	Agda Persdotter
mother	Will Take Charge's dam, Take Charge Lady, was a top-class race mare whose wins included the Ashland Stakes and successive runnings of the Spinster Stakes.	Will Take Charge	Take Charge Lady
mother	Louise Adélaïde d'Orléans (Marie Louise Adélaïde; 13 August 1698 -- 10 February 1743) was the third daughter of Philippe d'Orléans, and Françoise Marie de Bourbon, a legitimised daughter of Louis XIV of France and his mistress, Madame de Montespan.	Louise Adélaïde d'Orléans	Françoise Marie de Bourbon
mother	Grand Duchess Elizabeth Mikhailovna of Russia (Moscow, 26 May 1826 -- Wiesbaden, 28 January 1845) was the second child and daughter of Grand Duke Mikhail Pavlovich of Russia and Princess Charlotte of Württemberg who took the name Elena Pavlovna upon her conversion to the Orthodox faith.	Grand Duchess Elizabeth Mikhailovna of Russia	Princess Charlotte of Württemberg
mother	Hans Ulrik Gyldenløve (10 March 1615 -- 31 January 1645) was the illegitimate son of King Christian IV of Denmark and his mistress, Karen Andersdatter.	Hans Ulrik Gyldenløve	Karen Andersdatter
mother	Infante Fernando of Portugal (Fernando Maria Luís de Saxe-Coburgo-Gotha e Bragança; 23 July 1846 in Lisbon -- 6 November 1861 in Lisbon) was the fourth son of Queen Maria II of Portugal and King-consort Fernando II and a member of the House of Braganza.	Infante Fernando of Portugal	Maria II of Portugal
mother	He was born as the youngest son of Hereditary Prince Frederick of Hesse-Kassel (the future Landgrave Frederick II) and Princess Mary of Great Britain.	Prince Frederick of Hesse-Kassel	Princess Mary of Great Britain
mother	Zeus is the child of Cronus and Rhea, the youngest of his siblings to be born, though sometimes reckoned the eldest as the others required disgorging from Cronus's stomach.	Zeus	Rhea
mother	Paul Thomas Mann was born in Lübeck, the second son of Thomas Johann Heinrich Mann (a senator and a grain merchant) and his wife Júlia da Silva Bruhns (a Brazilian of German and Portuguese ancestry who emigrated to Germany when seven years old).	Thomas Mann	Júlia da Silva Bruhns
mother	Alboin was probably born in the 530s in Pannonia, the son of Audoin and his wife, Rodelinda.	Alboin	Rodelinda
mother	Isabel le Despenser, Countess of Worcester and Warwick (26 July 1400 -- 1439) was the posthumous daughter and eventually the sole heiress of Thomas le Despenser, 1st Earl of Gloucester (d. 1399) by his wife, Constance of York.	Isabel le Despenser, Countess of Worcester	Constance of York
mother	Annia Cornificia Faustina (122/123-between 152-158) was the youngest child and only daughter to the praetor Marcus Annius Verus and Domitia Lucilla.	Annia Cornificia Faustina	Domitia Lucilla
mother	Jonathan Craven (born March 20, 1965), son of late filmmaker of horror Wes Craven and Bonnie Broecker, is an American writer and director with a number of credits to his name.	Jonathan Craven	Bonnie Broecker
mother	Isabella of Lusignan (c.1224 -- 14 January 1300) was a daughter of Hugh X of Lusignan and his wife Isabella of Angoulême, Dowager Queen of England.	Isabella of Lusignan	Isabella of Angoulême
mother	Princess Henriette of Schönaich-Carolath (German: Henriette Hermine Wanda Ida Luise Prinzessin von Schönaich-Carolath; 25 November 1918 -- 16 March 1972) was the youngest daughter of Prince Johann Georg von Schoenaich-Carolath and Princess Hermine Reuss of Greiz, second wife of Wilhelm II, German Emperor.	Princess Henriette of Schönaich-Carolath	Hermine Reuss of Greiz
mother	In both sources, Sleipnir is Odin's steed, is the child of Loki and Svaðilfari, is described as the best of all horses, and is sometimes ridden to the location of Hel.	Sleipnir	Loki
mother	Robert Collett was the oldest child of Peter Jonas and Camilla Collett.	Robert Collett	Camilla Collett
mother	Karl Ulrich Schnabel (August 6, 1909 -- August 27, 2001) was an Austrian pianist, and the son of pianist Artur Schnabel and operatic contralto and lieder singer Therese Behr.	Karl Ulrich Schnabel	Therese Behr
mother	Princess Anna Sophie of Denmark (1 September 1647 -- 1 July 1717) was the eldest daughter of King Frederick III of Denmark and Sophie Amalie of Brunswick-Lüneburg, and Electress of Saxony from 1680 to 1691 as the wife of John George III.	Princess Anna Sophie of Denmark	Sophie Amalie of Brunswick-Lüneburg
mother	Prince Jean of Luxembourg (given names: Jean Félix Marie Guillaume) was born on 15 May 1957 at Betzdorf Castle, the second son of Jean, Grand Duke of Luxembourg and Princess Joséphine-Charlotte of Belgium.	Prince Jean of Luxembourg	Princess Joséphine-Charlotte of Belgium
mother	Samir Modi (born 15 December 1969) is an Indian entrepreneur and the youngest son of Krishan Kumar and Bina Modi.	Samir Modi	Bina Modi
mother	Maxime Real del Sarte was born on 2 May 1888 in Paris, France as the son of the sculptor Louis Desire Real and Marie Magdeleine Real del Sarte.	Maxime Real del Sarte	Marie Magdeleine Real del Sarte
mouth of the watercourse	The Meta River is a major left tributary of the Orinoco River in eastern Colombia and western Venezuela, South America.	Meta River	Orinoco
mouth of the watercourse	Sandon River rises of the eastern slopes of the Summervale Range, west of Blue Gum Flat and flows generally northeast before reaching its mouth at the Coral Sea of the South Pacific Ocean below Sandon Bluffs; descending 37 metres (121 ft) over its 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) course.	Sandon River	Coral Sea
named after	Reidite is named after the scientist who first created the high pressure phase in the laboratory in 1969, Alan F. Reid.	Reidite	Alan F. Reid
named after	Cavendish bananas were named after William Cavendish, 6th Duke of Devonshire.	Cavendish banana	William Cavendish, 6th Duke of Devonshire
narrative location	Mary McNamara of the Los Angeles Times was lukewarm towards the show, stating that ``Raising Hope is funny, sweet, occasionally provocative, and occasionally over-the-top in a regrettable way.''	Raising Hope	Los Angeles
narrative location	Kojak was an American crime drama television series starring Telly Savalas as the title character, New York City Police Department Detective Lieutenant Theo Kojak.	Kojak	New York City
narrative location	Pareni Maya Jalaima, or Pare Ni Maya Jalaima (Nepali alternative transliteration) or Undone by Love (English-language title), is a 2004 movie filmed 80% in Hong Kong with the remaining footage shot in Nepal.	Pareni Maya Jalaima	Hong Kong
narrative location	Sam & Max Hit the Road follows the pair on a case that takes them from their office in New York City across the United States.	Sam & Max Hit the Road	New York City
narrative location	Gendarme in New York (French: Le gendarme à New York) is the sequel to the French comedy film Le gendarme de Saint-Tropez.	Gendarme in New York	Saint-Tropez
narrative location	In ``Journey Through a Small Planet'' (1972), the writer Emanuel Litvinoff recalls his working-class Jewish childhood in the East End of London: a small cluster of streets right next to the city, but worlds apart in culture and spirit.	Journey Through a Small Planet	London
narrative location	Chinatown Family is a 1948 novel by Lin Yutang set in New York City's Chinatown of the 1920s and 1930s, concerning the experiences of the Fongs, a Chinese-American family in becoming successful by hard work and endurance in a sometimes less than welcoming America.	Chinatown Family	New York City
narrative location	The show follows the lives of a group of young adults living in an apartment complex called Melrose Place, in Los Angeles, California.	Melrose Place	Los Angeles
narrative location	Poochinski is a 1990 television pilot featuring a Chicago police detective (played by Peter Boyle), whose spirit is transferred into a flatulent English bulldog after he is killed in the line of duty.	Poochinski	Chicago
narrative location	The series was created as a spin-off of Cheers, continuing the story of psychiatrist Frasier Crane as he returned to his hometown of Seattle and started building a new life.	Frasier	Seattle
narrative location	After accosting a group of anti-gay protesters from the Westboro Baptist Church while still in bondage gear and boarding a bus, Brüno and Lutz remove their equipment at Madison County Office of Alternative Sentencing and Release in Huntsville, Alabama.	Brüno	Alabama
narrative location	Edges of the Lord is an award-winning 2001 film, written and directed by Yurek Bogayevicz, set in Poland during World War II, starring Willem Dafoe and Haley Joel Osment.	Edges of the Lord	Poland
narrative location	A Different Story is a 1978 American film set in Los Angeles.	A Different Story	Los Angeles
narrative location	The story of Land of the Dead deals with a zombie assault on Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where a feudal-like government exists.	Land of the Dead	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Blonde Ambition is an American film released in December 2007 and inspired by the theme of the Academy Award-winning movie Working Girl, starring singer/actress Jessica Simpson playing the part of a small town girl who moves to New York City and rises up into a career as a business woman.	Blonde Ambition	New York City
narrative location	West 10 LDN (also known as W10 LDN and West 10 London) was a one-off BBC Three urban drama broadcast on 10 March 2008.	West 10 LDN	London
narrative location	NYPD Blue is an American police procedural drama television series set in New York City, exploring the struggles of the fictional 15th Precinct of Manhattan.	NYPD Blue	New York City
narrative location	Gun n' Rose is a 1992 Hong Kong action film directed by Clarence Fok and starring Alan Tang, Andy Lau, Leon Lai and Simon Yam.	Gun n' Rose	Hong Kong
narrative location	Ip Man 2 (classified under the name Ip Man 2: Legend of the Grandmaster in the US) is a 2010 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film loosely based on the life of Ip Man, a grandmaster of the martial art Wing Chun.	Ip Man 2	Hong Kong
narrative location	The Five Days was director Dario Argento's first box office failure in Italy.	The Five Days	Italy
narrative location	The Demi-Bride is a 1927 film directed by Robert Z. Leonard, depicting the naughtiness synonymous with Paris at the time.	The Demi-Bride	Paris
narrative location	The Education of Shelby Knox is 2005 documentary film that tells the coming-of-age story of public speaker and feminist Shelby Knox, a teenager who joins a campaign for comprehensive sex education in the high schools of Lubbock, Texas.	The Education of Shelby Knox	Texas
narrative location	Old Fort Duquesne, or, Captain Jack, the Scout is an historical novel by the American writer Charles McKnight (1826 - 1881) set in 1750s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Old Fort Duquesne	Pittsburgh
narrative location	The Forgotten Frontier (1931) is a documentary film about the Frontier Nursing Service, nurses on horseback, who traveled the back roads of the Appalachian Mountains of eastern Kentucky.	The Forgotten Frontier	Appalachian Mountains
narrative location	Children of Paradise is set in the theatrical world of Paris during the July Monarchy (1830--48), centred on the area around the Funambules theatre, situated on the Boulevard du Temple -- pejoratively referred to as the ``Boulevard du Crime''.	Children of Paradise	Paris
native language	Gustav Altenhain (December 5, 1891 in Sprockhövel (Sauerland) - December 23, 1968 in Gevelsberg (Sauerland)) was a German publisher and politician of the Free Democratic Party (FDP).	Gustav Altenhain	German
native language	Ernst Ulrich von Weizsäcker (born 25 June 1939 in Zürich, Switzerland) is a German scientist and politician (SPD).	Ernst Ulrich von Weizsäcker	German
parent taxon	The Vinctiplicata is a clade of Scalidophora uniting the Loricifera and the Priapulida, and representing the sister group to the Kinorhyncha.	Vinctiplicata	Scalidophora
parent taxon	Prosomphax is a very small genus in the geometer moth family (Geometridae).	Prosomphax	Geometridae
parent taxon	The Tami River rainbowfish (Glossolepis pseudoincisus) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family.	Tami River rainbowfish	Glossolepis
parent taxon	In a classification of orchids that was published in 2015, the genera Brownleea and Disperis constituted the subtribe Brownleeinae of the tribe Orchideae.	Brownleea	Brownleeinae
parent taxon	The Atlantic sawtail catshark (Galeus atlanticus) is a little-known species of catshark, part of the family Scyliorhinidae, found in a small area of the northeastern Atlantic Ocean, centered on the Strait of Gibraltar and the Alborán Sea.	Atlantic sawtail catshark	Galeus
parent taxon	Regalecus is a fish genus of the family Regalecidae, commonly called oarfish, with these currently recognized species:	Regalecus	oarfish
parent taxon	The Whitaker's skink, Oligosoma whitakeri (formerly Cyclodina whitakeri), is a threatened species of skink in the Scincidae family.	Whitaker's skink	Cyclodina
parent taxon	Leucosidea sericea is a member of the Rosaceae, also known as the rose family.	Leucosidea	Rosaceae
parent taxon	Triakis is a genus of houndsharks in the family Triakidae.	Triakis	Triakidae
parent taxon	The New Zealand flatworm (Arthurdendyus triangulatus) is a large land flatworm native to New Zealand.	New Zealand flatworm	Arthurdendyus
parent taxon	Coppernose barb (Raiamas christyi) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Raiamas who are found in the Congo River system in Africa.	Coppernose barb	Raiamas
parent taxon	Bravaisia is a genus in family Acanthaceae.	Bravaisia	Acanthaceae
parent taxon	The Bistonini are a tribe of geometer moths in subfamily the Ennominae.	Bistonini	Ennominae
parent taxon	Stichoneuron is a genus in the family Stemonaceae described as a genus in 1883.	Stichoneuron	Stemonaceae
parent taxon	Morelia spilota cheynei, or the jungle carpet python, is a python subspecies found in the rainforests of Queensland, Australia.	Morelia spilota cheynei	carpet python
parent taxon	The Iphis monarch (Pomarea iphis) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Iphis monarch	Pomarea
parent taxon	The Duckwater pyrg, scientific name Pyrgulopsis aloba, is a species of very small freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Duckwater pyrg	Pyrgulopsis
parent taxon	The Delturinae are a subfamily of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Loricariidae, including two genera, Delturus and Hemipsilichthys.	Delturinae	Loricariidae
parent taxon	Gerris is a bug genus in the family Gerridae (water striders).	Gerris	Gerridae
parent taxon	According to Mateus and Antunes (2001), Draconyx loureiroi is a member of the Iguanodontia, more specifically the Camptosauridae, based on the maxillary teeth, which have a strong vertical primary ridge on the distal side of the labial crown, and the femur, which is curved and has a prominent lesser trochanter.	Draconyx	Camptosauridae
parent taxon	Paratrichapus sechellarum is a species of beetle in the family Ciidae, the only species in the genus Paratrichapus.	Paratrichapus	Ciidae
parent taxon	The Lebombo flat lizard (Platysaurus lebomboensis) is a species of lizard in the Cordylidae family.	Lebombo flat lizard	Platysaurus
parent taxon	Tula virus (TULV) is a single-stranded, negative-sense RNA virus species of Hantavirus first isolated from a European common vole (Microtus arvalis) found in Central Russia.	Tula virus	Hantavirus
parent taxon	Blanfordia is a genus of terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae.	Blanfordia	Pomatiopsidae
parent taxon	Talinum is a genus of herbaceous succulent plants in the family Talinaceae (formerly in the family Portulacaceae) whose common names include fameflower and flameflower.	Talinum	Talinaceae
parent taxon	The Colobinae are a subfamily of the Old World monkey family that includes 59 species in 10 genera, including the black-and-white colobus, the large-nosed proboscis monkey, and the gray langurs.	Colobinae	Old World monkey
parent taxon	The Nicaraguan seed finch (Oryzoborus nuttingi) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.	Nicaraguan seed finch	Oryzoborus
parent taxon	The Checklist of Australian Lepidoptera synonymised Dasygaster nephelistis with Leucania obumbrata, but made no attempt to assign the species to a genus.	Leucania obumbrata	Dasygaster
parent taxon	Caribbean reef squid (Sepioteuthis sepioidea), commonly called reef squid, are small 20 cm (7.9 in) torpedo-shaped squid with undulating fins that extend nearly the entire length of the body.	Caribbean reef squid	Sepioteuthis
parent taxon	Cavalier-Smith, in a collaborative paper with Alexandra Stechmann, postulated that Apusozoa belongs in the bikont clade.	Apusozoa	bikont
parent taxon	Homalopterus atrovirens is a species of beetle in the family Megalopodidae, the only species in the genus Homalopterus.	Homalopterus	Megalopodidae
parent taxon	Lyle's flying fox (Pteropus lylei) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.	Lyle's flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	The Devils Hole pupfish (Cyprinodon diabolis) is a species of fish native to Devils Hole, a geothermal (92 °F or 33 °C), aquifer-fed pool within a limestone cavern, in the Amargosa Pupfish Station of the Desert National Wildlife Refuge Complex east of Death Valley National Park.	Devils Hole pupfish	Cyprinodon
parent taxon	Geobius pubescens is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Geobius.	Geobius	Carabidae
parent taxon	Agassiz's perchlet (Ambassis agassizi), also known as Agassiz's glassfish is a species of fish in the Ambassidae family.	Agassiz's perchlet	Ambassis
parent taxon	Lasaeola is a tangle web spider genus in the family Theridiidae.	Lasaeola	Theridiidae
parent taxon	Warren's tree frog, Hyla warreni, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Guyana and possibly Brazil and Venezuela.	Warren's tree frog	Hyla
parent taxon	Beyrichoceras is a genus belonging to the Goniatitid family, Muensteroceratidae , a group of ammonoids, extinct shelled cephalopods related to belemnites and recent coleoids and more distantly to the nautiloids	Beyrichoceras	Muensteroceratidae
parent taxon	Hatiora is a small genus of epiphytic cacti which belongs to the tribe Rhipsalideae within the subfamily Cactoideae of the Cactaceae.	Hatiora	Rhipsalideae
parent taxon	Dwarf tarantulas, also known as sheet funnel-web spiders are a type of spider from the family Mecicobothriidae.	Dwarf tarantula	spider
parent taxon	The Terek sandpiper (Xenus cinereus) is a small migratory Palearctic wader species, the only member of the genus Xenus.	Terek sandpiper	Xenus
parent taxon	Baird's trogon (Trogon bairdii) is a species of bird belonging to the Trogonidae family (Trogoniformes).	Baird's trogon	Trogon
parent taxon	Crepipora is an extinct genus of marine bryozoan belonging to the Ceramoporidae family.	Crepipora	Ceramoporidae
parent taxon	Turbonillinae is a subfamily of mostly minute parasitic sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Turbonillinae	Pyramidellidae
parent taxon	Merycochoerus is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore of the family Merycoidodontidae (oreodont), endemic to North America during the Late Oligocene to Early Miocene (28.4--16.3 mya) existing for approximately 12.1 million years.	Merycochoerus	Merycoidodontidae
parent taxon	The Lord Derby's parakeet (Psittacula derbiana), also known as Derbyan parakeet, is a monotypic parrot species, which is confined to small pocket of moist evergreen forest in the hills of the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh and the adjoining parts of Tibet.	Lord Derby's parakeet	Psittacula
parent taxon	Ischnura is a genus of damselflies known as forktails in the family Coenagrionidae.	Ischnura	Coenagrionidae
parent taxon	Mahonia is a genus of about 70 species of evergreen shrubs in the family Berberidaceae, native to eastern Asia, the Himalaya, North America and Central America.	Mahonia	Berberidaceae
parent taxon	Cryosophileae is a tribe of palms in the subfamily Coryphoideae.	Cryosophileae	Coryphoideae
parent taxon	The Pima hardyhead (Craterocephalus pimatuae) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family endemic to Papua New Guinea.	Pima hardyhead	Craterocephalus
parent taxon	Kristin's false shieldback (Acilacris kristinae) is a tettigoniid orthopteran that is endemic to two localities within Malta Forest in Limpopo, South Africa.	Kristin's false shieldback	Acilacris
parent taxon	Protocardia is an extinct genus of saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Cardiidae, the cockles.	Protocardia	Cardiidae
parent taxon	Pearson's long-clawed shrew (Solisorex pearsoni) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Pearson's long-clawed shrew	Solisorex
parent taxon	Avenionia is a genus of small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Avenionia	Hydrobiidae
parent taxon	Chamaecostus is a group of plants in the Costaceae described as a genus in 2006.	Chamaecostus	Costaceae
parent taxon	The Chatham gerygone or Chatham Island warbler (Gerygone albofrontata) is a species of bird in the Acanthizidae family.	Chatham gerygone	Gerygone
parent taxon	Phlomis is a genus of over 100 species of herbaceous plants, subshrubs and shrubs in the family Lamiaceae, native from the Mediterranean region east across central Asia to China.	Phlomis	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	Cocoharpinia iliffei is a species of crustacean in the family Phoxocephalidae.	Cocoharpinia	Phoxocephalidae
parent taxon	Leptomitales are an order of water moulds within the class Oomycetes that contains the genus Apodachlya, belonging to the kingdom Protista.	Leptomitales	Oomycetes
parent taxon	Stylosanthes is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae and contains numerous highly important pasture and forage species.	Stylosanthes	Fabaceae
parent taxon	The Mixe tree frog, Megastomatohyla mixe, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico.	Mixe tree frog	Megastomatohyla
parent taxon	Dodecahema is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with a single species restricted to California, where it is an endangered species on the state and federal levels.	Dodecahema	Polygonaceae
parent taxon	Buliminus, is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Enidae.	Buliminus	Enidae
parent taxon	Scarlett's shearwater (Puffinus spelaeus) was a species of seabird in the petrel family Procellariidae.	Scarlett's shearwater	Puffinus
parent taxon	Zophochroa was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered to be a synonym of Elaphristis.	Zophochroa	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Threadtail conger (Uroconger syringinus, also known as the Slender-tail conger) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels).	Threadtail conger	Uroconger
parent taxon	The Japanese amberjack or yellowtail, Seriola quinqueradiata, is a bony fish in the family Carangidae.	Japanese amberjack	Seriola
parent taxon	Aturia is an extinct genus of Paleocene to Miocene nautilids within Aturiidae, a monotypic family, established by Campman in 1857 for Aturia Bronn, 1838, and is included in the superfamily Nautilaceae in Kümmel 1964.	Aturia	Aturiidae
parent taxon	The Tachinidae are a large and variable family of true flies within the insect order Diptera, with more than 8,200 known species and many more to be discovered.	Tachinidae	Diptera
parent taxon	Euomphaloceratinae is a subfamily of Upper Cretaceous ammonites included in the Acanthoceratidae, characterized by generally evolute shells with quadrate whorl sections that are strongly ribbed.	Euomphaloceratinae	Acanthoceratidae
parent taxon	The Cape ground squirrel (Xerus inauris) is found in most of the drier parts of southern Africa from South Africa, through to Botswana, and into Namibia.	Cape ground squirrel	Xerus
parent taxon	Mimiptera fulvella is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Mimiptera.	Mimiptera	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Misszhouia is a genus of small to average sized (up to 6 centimetres (2.4 in) long) marine arthropods within the Naraoiidae family, that lived during the early Cambrian period.	Misszhouia	Naraoiidae
parent taxon	Nosoderma diabolicum (formerly Phloeodes diabolicus) is a beetle of the Family Zopheridae.	Nosoderma diabolicum	Phloeodes
parent taxon	Libinia is a genus of crabs in the family Epialtidae, containing twelve extant species:	Libinia	Epialtidae
parent taxon	Gomphodesmidae is a family of millipedes in the order Polydesmida, containing around 55 genera and 150 species.	Gomphodesmidae	Polydesmida
parent taxon	Cardiomera genei is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Cardiomera.	Cardiomera	Carabidae
parent taxon	Tereingaornis moisleyi, also referred to as Moisley's penguin, is a genus and species of extinct penguin from the Middle Pliocene of New Zealand.	Tereingaornis	penguin
parent taxon	The Indian giant flying squirrel (Petaurista philippensis, Gujarati: ઉડતી ખિસકોલી, මහ හම්බාවා in Sinhala), alternatively referred to as the large brown flying squirrel or the common giant flying squirrel, is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family.	Indian giant flying squirrel	Petaurista
parent taxon	Prosthechea flowers are unique among the Laeliinae in producing fluorescent flavenoid crystals when preserved in ethanol with 5% sodium hydroxide.	Prosthechea	Laeliinae
parent taxon	Jerdon's babbler (Chrysomma altirostre) is an endangered passerine bird from South Asia.	Jerdon's babbler	Chrysomma
parent taxon	Arsenophonus is a genus of Enterobacteriaceae, of the Gammaproteobacteria.	Arsenophonus	Enterobacteriaceae
parent taxon	The Sind krait (Bungarus sindanus) is a species of krait, a venomous elapid snake found in India, Nepal and Pakistan.	Sind krait	Bungarus
parent taxon	Hartogiella is a genus of flowering plant within the family Celastraceae.	Hartogiella	Celastraceae
parent taxon	The Weyland ringtail possum (Pseudochirulus caroli) is a species of marsupial in the family Pseudocheiridae.	Weyland ringtail possum	Pseudochirulus
parent taxon	Dicheros is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Scarabaeidae, subfamily Cetoniinae.	Dicheros	Cetoniinae
parent taxon	Merriam's pocket mouse (Perognathus merriami) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.	Merriam's pocket mouse	Perognathus
parent taxon	Beddome's coral snake (Calliophis beddomei) is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to hills of peninsular India.	Beddome's coral snake	Calliophis
parent taxon	The Lewis's woodpecker (Melanerpes lewis) is a large North American species of woodpecker which ornithologist Alexander Wilson named after Meriwether Lewis, one of the explorers who surveyed the areas bought by the United States of America as part of the Louisiana Purchase.	Lewis's woodpecker	Melanerpes
parent taxon	Didimus is a genus of beetles of the family Passalidae.	Didimus	Passalidae
parent taxon	The Wilkins's finch (Nesospiza wilkinsi), also known as Wilkins's bunting or the grosbeak bunting, is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.	Wilkins's finch	Nesospiza
parent taxon	The Fox's weaver (Ploceus spekeoides) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.	Fox's weaver	Ploceus
parent taxon	The São Tomé thrush or olivaceous thrush also called the Príncipe thrush or Gulf of Guinea thrush (Turdus olivaceofuscus) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.	São Tomé thrush	Turdus
parent taxon	The Hispaniolan yellow tree frog or common treefrog (Osteopilus pulchrilineatus) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Hispaniola, where it is found in both the Dominican Republic and Haiti.	Hispaniolan yellow tree frog	Osteopilus
parent taxon	Macrophya is a genus of sawfly (order Hymenoptera, family Tenthredinidae).	Macrophya	Tenthredinidae
parent taxon	Agrioceros is a genus of insects in the Ethmiidae family.	Agrioceros	Ethmiidae
parent taxon	The Chthamaloidea are a subdivision of Balanomorpha proposed by Newman and Ross to include barnacles with shell wall composed of rostrum, carina, and one to three pairs of latera, rarely supplemented with one or more whorls of basal imbricating plates.	Chthamaloidea	Balanomorpha
parent taxon	Magaliella punctata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Magaliella.	Magaliella	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Eocnides fragilis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Eocnides.	Eocnides	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Ptychodacteae are a suborder of sea anemones in the order Actiniaria, with these families:	Ptychodacteae	Actiniaria
parent taxon	The Philippine gray flying fox (Pteropus speciosus) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.	Philippine gray flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	The Alaska whitefish (Coregonus nelsonii) is a species of whitefish in the family Salmonidae.	Alaska whitefish	Coregonus
parent taxon	Isolaboides is a genus of earwigs, the sole member of the subfamily Isolaboidinae.	Isolaboides	Isolaboidinae
parent taxon	Sauropodomorpha is one of the two major clades within the order Saurischia.	Sauropodomorpha	Saurischia
parent taxon	Hatt's vesper rat (Otonyctomys hatti), also known as the Yucatán vesper rat, is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Hatt's vesper rat	Otonyctomys
parent taxon	The Tahiti reed warbler (Acrocephalus caffer) is a songbird in the genus Acrocephalus.	Tahiti reed warbler	Acrocephalus
parent taxon	The Townsend's mole (Scapanus townsendii) is a fossorial mammal in the family Talpidae, and is the largest North American mole.	Townsend's mole	Scapanus
parent taxon	Nactus is a genus of geckos endemic to Oceania.	Nactus	geckos
parent taxon	The Mauritius lowland forest day gecko (Phelsuma guimbeaui guimbeaui Mertens, 1963) is a diurnal subspecies of gecko.	Mauritius lowland forest day gecko	Phelsuma guimbeaui
parent taxon	The Piura chat-tyrant (Ochthoeca piurae) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Piura chat-tyrant	Ochthoeca
parent taxon	Gallagher's free-tailed bat (Chaerephon gallagheri) is a free-tailed bat endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Gallagher's free-tailed bat	Chaerephon
parent taxon	The Talaud kingfisher (Todiramphus enigma) is a species of bird in the family Alcedinidae.	Talaud kingfisher	Todiramphus
parent taxon	The Mrs. Gould's sunbird (Aethopyga gouldiae) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Mrs. Gould's sunbird	Aethopyga
parent taxon	Imaizumi's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus imaizumii) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Imaizumi's horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	Monura is an extinct order of wingless insects in the subclass Apterygota.	Monura	insects
parent taxon	Anaphalis is a genus of flowering plants within the Asteraceae family, whose members are commonly known by the name pearl or pearly everlasting.	Anaphalis	Asteraceae
parent taxon	The Manytooth conger (Conger triporiceps, also known as the Manytooth conger eel or simply the Conger eel) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels).	Manytooth conger	Conger
parent taxon	The Nodugl tree frog (Litoria micromembrana) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Nodugl tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Euproctus, the European mountain salamanders, is a genus of salamanders in the Salamandridae family from Sardinia and Corsica.	Euproctus	Salamandridae
parent taxon	The Mexican funnel-eared bat (Natalus stramineus) is a bat species from the northern Lesser Antilles.	Mexican funnel-eared bat	Natalus
parent taxon	The Hispaniola nightjar (Antrostomus ekmani), also known as the Hispaniolan nightjar, was previously considered a subspecies of the Greater Antillean nightjar.	Hispaniolan nightjar	Antrostomus
parent taxon	Protocolliuris coerulans is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Protocolliuris.	Protocolliuris	Carabidae
parent taxon	Kishinouyeidae is a stalked jellyfish family in the order Eleutherocarpida.	Kishinouyeidae	Eleutherocarpida
parent taxon	The New Britain sparrowhawk (Accipiter brachyurus) is a threatened species of bird of prey.	New Britain sparrowhawk	Accipiter
parent taxon	Afrivoluta is a genus of large deepwater sea snails with glossy shells, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Marginellidae, the marginellids.	Afrivoluta	Marginellidae
parent taxon	Sconsia is a genus of large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cassidae, the helmet snails and bonnet snails.	Sconsia	Cassidae
parent taxon	Culladia is a grass moth genus (family Crambidae) of subfamily Crambinae, tribe Crambini.	Culladia	Crambidae
parent taxon	Incilius melanochlorus (formerly Bufo melanochlorus; common names: dark green toad, wet forest toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Incilius melanochlorus	Bufo
parent taxon	Protoparvovirus is a genus of viruses in the subfamily Parvovirinae of the virus family Parvoviridae.	Protoparvovirus	Parvovirinae
parent taxon	Leuthneria is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family containing only one species Leuthneria ruficincta, which is known from Sudan.	Leuthneria	Sesiidae
parent taxon	Neope is a genus of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family found in Asia.	Neope	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Loxogenius opacipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Loxogenius.	Loxogenius	Carabidae
parent taxon	Zosichrysia is a genus or subgenus of moths of the Noctuidae family.	Zosichrysia	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Mopsolodes is an Australian spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).	Mopsolodes	Salticidae
parent taxon	Zachrysia is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae or Pleurodontidae.	Zachrysia	Camaenidae
parent taxon	The only species in the genus Quadrasura ktimuna was formerly placed in the genus Asura.	Quadrasura	Asura
parent taxon	Desmoulin's whorl snail, scientific name Vertigo moulinsiana, is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.	Desmoulin's whorl snail	Vertigo
parent taxon	Lesueur's frog (Litoria lesueurii ) is a species of ground-dwelling tree frog native to south-eastern Australia, from Sydney, New South Wales, to eastern Victoria.	Lesueur's frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Acheroniotes mlejneki is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Acheroniotes.	Acheroniotes	Carabidae
parent taxon	Cape long-billed lark (Certhilauda curvirostris) Agulhas long-billed lark (Certhilauda brevirostris) Benguela long-billed lark (Certhilauda benguelensis) Eastern long-billed lark (Certhilauda semitorquata) Karoo long-billed lark (Certhilauda subcoronata) Short-clawed lark (Certhilauda chuana)	Certhilauda	lark
parent taxon	The MacGregor's bowerbird (Amblyornis macgregoriae) is a medium-sized, up to 26 cm long, olive brown bowerbird of New Guinea's mountain forests, roughly the size and shape of a robin.	MacGregor's bowerbird	Amblyornis
parent taxon	Lomatus hislopi is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Lomatus.	Lomatus	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Euthyneura is a taxonomic clade of snails and slugs, which includes species from freshwater, marine, aquatic and terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the clade Heterobranchia.	Euthyneura	Heterobranchia
parent taxon	The Styrian ringlet (Erebia stirius, often misspelled ``styrius'') is a member of the Satyrinae subfamily of Nymphalidae.	Styrian ringlet	Erebia
parent taxon	Chrysophtharta is a genus of leaf beetle, family Chrysomelidae.	Chrysophtharta	Chrysomelidae
parent taxon	Holoprizus serratus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Holoprizus.	Holoprizus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Pronorites, as for the Pronoritidae, produced discoidal shells with no prominent sculpture, in which the ventral lobe of the suture has three prongs.	Pronorites	Pronoritidae
parent taxon	Andakhudukia ponomarenkoi is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Andakhudukia.	Andakhudukia	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Cantharidinae are a taxonomic subfamily of very small to large sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Trochidae, common name top snails.	Cantharidinae	Trochidae
parent taxon	The Panniet naked-backed fruit bat (Dobsonia pannietensis) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Panniet naked-backed fruit bat	Dobsonia
parent taxon	The Florida softshell turtle (Apalone ferox) is a species of softshell turtle native to the Southeastern United States.	Florida softshell turtle	Apalone
parent taxon	Apristurus is a genus of catshark, the family Scyliorhinidae, commonly known as the ghost or demon catsharks.	Apristurus	Scyliorhinidae
parent taxon	Oreomunnea is a genus of two species of flowering plants in the family Juglandaceae, native to southern Mexico and Central America, where they occur in montane rainforest.	Oreomunnea	Juglandaceae
parent taxon	Anthocleista was once placed in the family Loganiaceae, but more recent molecular, morphological, and phytochemical evidence has placed the group well within the Gentianaceae.	Anthocleista	Gentianaceae
parent taxon	The Visayan pygmy babbler (Dasycrotapha pygmaea) is a bird species endemic to the Philippines.	Visayan pygmy babbler	Dasycrotapha
parent taxon	Streblitinae is a subfamily of Upper Jurassic and Lower Cretaceous ammonites within the family Oppeliidae characterized by compressed, involute shells; typically oxycones with complex sutures.	Streblitinae	Oppeliidae
parent taxon	Sirembo is a genus of cusk-eels found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Sirembo	cusk-eels
parent taxon	The Tumbala climbing rat (Tylomys tumbalensis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Tumbala climbing rat	Tylomys
parent taxon	Berthella is a genus of sea slugs, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pleurobranchidae.	Berthella	Pleurobranchidae
parent taxon	Polychalca is a genus of tortoise beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae.	Polychalca	Chrysomelidae
parent taxon	The Sick's swift (Chaetura meridionalis) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	Sick's swift	Chaetura
parent taxon	Bartrumella is a small genus of miniature sea snails, pyramidellid gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pyramidellidae within the tribe Chrysallidini (sensu taxonomy by Bouchet & Roctroi, 2005).	Bartrumella	Chrysallidini
parent taxon	The Kermadec scalyfin, Parma alboscapularis, is a damselfish of the genus Parma, found around New Zealand's Kermadec Islands around depths of between 3 and 20 m, over shallow rocky reef areas.	Kermadec scalyfin	Parma
parent taxon	Scissurella is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Scissurellidae, the small slit snails.	Scissurella	Scissurellidae
parent taxon	Edwardsia is a genus of sea anemones, the type of the family Edwardsiidae.	Edwardsia	Edwardsiidae
parent taxon	Rhombosoleinae is a subfamily of fish in the Pleuronectidae family, comprising nine genera and 19 species; all members of this subfamily are right eye flounders with asymmetrical pelvic fins.	Rhombosoleinae	Pleuronectidae
parent taxon	Limax flavus (syn. Limacus flavus), known commonly as the yellow slug or tawny garden slug, is a medium to large species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae.	Limax flavus	Limacus
parent taxon	Camelini is a tribe of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae, endemic to Asia, North America, and Africa from the Pliocene to the present.	Camelini	Camelidae
parent taxon	Epidryos is a group of plants in the family Rapateaceae described as a genus with this name in 1962.	Epidryos	Rapateaceae
parent taxon	The Sphinx blenny (Aidablennius sphynx) is a species of combtooth blenny, and the only species in the genus Aidablennius.	Sphinx blenny	Aidablennius
parent taxon	The Shaggy parasol is the common name for three closely related species of mushroom, Chlorophyllum rhacodes, C. olivieri and C. brunneum, found in North America, Europe and Southern Africa (the latter species is also found in Australia).	Shaggy parasol	Chlorophyllum
parent taxon	Rhinella ceratophrys, formerly Bufo ceratophrys, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Rhinella ceratophrys	Bufo
parent taxon	Chelonoidis is a genus of turtles in the tortoise family.	Chelonoidis	tortoise
parent taxon	O. aubrevillei was originally named Oktoknema okoubaka and placed in the Octoknemaceae or Olacaceae; however careful morphological studies of the fruits have led to it being classified as Okoubaka and placed in the Santalaceae.	Okoubaka	Santalaceae
parent taxon	Hedychium is a genus of flowering plants in the ginger family Zingiberaceae, native to lightly wooded habitats in Asia.	Hedychium	Zingiberaceae
parent taxon	Peregrinella is an extinct genus of brachiopods belonging to the family Peregrinellidae.	Peregrinella	Peregrinellidae
parent taxon	The Manu short-tailed bat (Carollia manu) is a bat species found in Peru and Bolivia.	Manu short-tailed bat	Carollia
parent taxon	The Steganinae Hendel, 1917, is the smaller of two subfamilies in the fruit fly family Drosophilidae.	Steganinae	Drosophilidae
parent taxon	Laterallus is a genus of birds in the rail family Rallidae.	Laterallus	Rallidae
parent taxon	Asfaltomylos is an extinct genus of the primitive mammal subclass Australosphenida from the middle Jurassic of Argentina.	Asfaltomylos	Australosphenida
parent taxon	Pachylinae is the most diverse subfamily of the harvestman family Gonyleptidae, including around 400 valid species.	Pachylinae	Gonyleptidae
parent taxon	Karimi's fat-tailed mouse opossum (Thylamys karimii) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae.	Karimi's fat-tailed mouse opossum	Thylamys
parent taxon	The Venus' flower basket, or Euplectella aspergillum is a hexactinellid sponge in the phylum Porifera inhabiting the deep ocean.	Venus' flower basket	Euplectella
parent taxon	Heterocentrotus is a genus of slate pencil urchins, part of the familia Echinometridae.	Heterocentrotus	Echinometridae
parent taxon	Syngagrella bistriata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Syngagrella	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	The Sincorá antwren (Formicivora grantsaui) is a small passerine bird of the genus Formicivora in the family Thamnophilidae, the typical antbirds.	Sincorá antwren	Formicivora
parent taxon	Terpios is a genus of demosponges belonging to the family Suberitidae.	Terpios	Suberitidae
parent taxon	Roosmalen's dwarf porcupine, Sphiggurus roosmalenorum, is a porcupine species from the New World porcupine family endemic to northern Brazil.	Roosmalen's dwarf porcupine	Sphiggurus
parent taxon	The Tibetan antelope or chiru (Pantholops hodgsonii) (Tibetan: གཙོད་, Wylie: gtsod, pronounced (tsǿ); Chinese: 藏羚羊; pinyin: zàng língyáng) is a medium-sized bovid native to the Tibetan plateau.	Tibetan antelope	Pantholops
parent taxon	Pelargonium zonate spot virus (PZSV) is a plant pathogenic virus, classified in the bromoviridae family, genus Anulavirus	Pelargonium zonate spot virus	Anulavirus
parent taxon	Actephila is a genus of the family Phyllanthaceae, first described as a genus in 1826.	Actephila	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	The Prioninae are a subfamily of Cerambycidae (long-horned beetles).	Prioninae	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Xianguangia is a soft-bodied actinia-like fossil animal from the Chengjiang Biota of China.	Xianguangia	animal
parent taxon	Uromyrtus is a genus of plants in the myrtle family Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1941.	Uromyrtus	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	Perisesarma is a genus of mangrove crabs in the family Sesarmidae (or Grapsidae in some classifications) predominantly found in the Indo-Pacific.	Perisesarma	Sesarmidae
parent taxon	The Quissange forest tree frog, Leptopelis marginatus, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family endemic to Angola.	Quissange forest tree frog	Leptopelis
parent taxon	Chrysanthia is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Oedemeridae subfamily Nacerdinae.	Chrysanthia	Oedemeridae
parent taxon	Naseus is an extinct genus of surgeonfishes belonging to the family Acanthuridae.	Naseus	Acanthuridae
parent taxon	Aldabrica fryeri is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Aldabrica.	Aldabrica	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Mealworms are the larval form of the mealworm beetle, Tenebrio molitor, a species of darkling beetle.	Mealworm	Tenebrio
parent taxon	The Sardinian dhole (Cynotherium sardous), also known as the Sardinian fox, was an endemic insular canid, that occurred on the Mediterranean islands of Sardinia (which currently belongs to Italy) and Corsica (which currently belongs to France).	Sardinian dhole	Cynotherium
parent taxon	The California towhee (Melozone crissalis) is a bird of the family Emberizidae, native to the coastal regions of western Oregon and California in the United States and Baja California Sur in Mexico.	California towhee	Melozone
parent taxon	Sun squirrels (genus Heliosciurus), form a taxon of squirrels under the subfamily Xerinae and the tribe Protoxerini.	Sun squirrel	Protoxerini
parent taxon	The Santa Marta mountain tanager (Anisognathus melanogenys), also known as the black-cheeked mountain tanager, is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.	Santa Marta mountain tanager	Anisognathus
parent taxon	Major's tufted-tailed rat (Eliurus majori) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.	Major's tufted-tailed rat	Eliurus
parent taxon	Austrophanes robustum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Austrophanes.	Austrophanes	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Podocarpus (/ˌpoʊdəˈkɑrpəs/; from the Greek, podos, meaning ``foot'', and karpos, meaning ``fruit'') is a genus of conifers, the most numerous and widely distributed of the podocarp family, Podocarpaceae.	Podocarpus	Podocarpaceae
parent taxon	The Fulvus roundleaf bat (Hipposideros fulvus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Fulvus roundleaf bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	Fuller's caecilian (also Kuttal caecilian), Chikila fulleri, is a species of caecilian endemic to India; the type specimen was collected six miles southwest of Silchar in Cachar, Assam, at an altitude of about 100 m above sea level.	Fuller's caecilian	Chikila
parent taxon	Bundibugyo virus (abbreviated BDBV) was first described in 2008 as a single member of a suggested new species Bundibugyo ebolavirus, which was suggested to be included into the genus Ebolavirus, family Filoviridae, order Mononegavirales.	Bundibugyo virus	Bundibugyo ebolavirus
parent taxon	Monjurosuchus has been placed in the family Monjurosuchidae along with Philydrosaurus, but the relationships of early choristoderes remains unclear.	Monjurosuchus	Monjurosuchidae
parent taxon	The Pinacocerataceae are generally smooth, compressed, evolute to involute ammonoids from the Triassic, belonging to the Ceratitida, in which the suture is ammonitic, with adventitious and auxiliary elements.	Pinacocerataceae	Ceratitida
parent taxon	Melissa's yellow-eared bat (Vampyressa melissa) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.	Melissa's yellow-eared bat	Vampyressa
parent taxon	Sometimes considered the only genus of the family Mirocarididae, Mirocaris is usually placed in the family Alvinocarididae.	Mirocaris	Alvinocarididae
parent taxon	The Burmese roofed turtle (Batagur trivittata) is one of six species of turtle in the genus Batagur of the Geoemydidae family.	Burmese roofed turtle	Batagur
parent taxon	The Ciscaucasian hamster (Mesocricetus raddei) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Ciscaucasian hamster	Mesocricetus
parent taxon	The Egyptian pipistrelle (Pipistrellus deserti) is a species of vesper bat.	Egyptian pipistrelle	Pipistrellus
parent taxon	Caxamarca is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae.	Caxamarca	Asteraceae
parent taxon	The genus Microzada is a genus of moths of the subfamily Chloephorinae and the family Nolidae.	Microzada	Nolidae
parent taxon	Phryneta is a genus of flat-faced longhorn beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae.	Phryneta	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Paradentobunus aureomaculatus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Paradentobunus	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Bernaya is a genus of sea snails or cowries, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Bernaya	Cypraeidae
parent taxon	Hemicrambe is a genus of flowering plants in the family Brassicaceae, comprising two species:	Hemicrambe	Brassicaceae
parent taxon	The Boarmiini (also often called Cleorini) are a large tribe of geometer moths in the Ennominae subfamily.	Boarmiini	Ennominae
parent taxon	The Iriomote cat (Prionailurus bengalensis iriomotensis) is a subspecies of the leopard cat living exclusively on the Japanese island of Iriomote.	Iriomote cat	leopard cat
parent taxon	The Tibetan bunting (Emberiza koslowi) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.	Tibetan bunting	Emberiza
parent taxon	Latridopsis ciliaris, the Blue moki, is a species of trumpeter native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean around New Zealand and occasionally off southeastern Australia at depths of 10 metres (33 ft) and greater.	Blue moki	Latridopsis
parent taxon	Zhenyuanlong has been placed in the family Dromaeosauridae.	Zhenyuanlong	Dromaeosauridae
parent taxon	Mokola virus (MOKV) is a member of the Lyssavirus genus, which belongs to the family Rhabdoviridae.	Mokola virus	Lyssavirus
parent taxon	The Palenque poison frog (Ameerega erythromos; formerly Epipedobates erythromos) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Ecuador.	Palenque poison frog	Ameerega
parent taxon	Deroplatyini is a tribe of the subfamily Deroplatyinae of the family Mantidae of Mantodea.	Deroplatyini	Deroplatyinae
parent taxon	Phylloboletellus is a genus of bolete fungi in the Boletaceae family.	Phylloboletellus	Boletaceae
parent taxon	Paurodontidae is a family of Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous mammals in the order Dryolestida.	Paurodontidae	Dryolestida
parent taxon	The Nhandiroboideae are a paraphyletic basal group of genera in the Cucurbitaceae, or gourd family, of flowering plants.	Nhandiroboideae	Cucurbitaceae
parent taxon	The Hume's short-toed lark or Hume's lark (Calandrella acutirostris) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.	Hume's short-toed lark	Calandrella
parent taxon	The Kai stingaree (Urolophus kaianus) is a species of stingray in the family Urolophidae, known only from two juveniles collected from 236 m (774 ft) deep in the Kai Islands of eastern Indonesia.	Kai stingaree	Urolophus
parent taxon	The Italian agile frog (Rana latastei) also known as the Lataste's frog, is a true frog endemic to the plains of northern Italy, the extreme southern tip of Switzerland, the Istrian region of Slovenia, and adjacent Croatia.	Italian agile frog	Rana
parent taxon	Menoceras (``Crescent Horns'') is a genus of extinct, small rhinoceros endemic to most of southern North America and ranged as far south as Panama during the early Miocene epoch.	Menoceras	rhinoceros
parent taxon	Raymondaspis is a genus of trilobites in the family Styginidae.	Raymondaspis	Styginidae
parent taxon	Riograndia is currently classified as a basal genus in the family Tritheledontidae.	Riograndia	Tritheledontidae
parent taxon	Poecilia is a genus of fishes in the family Poeciliidae of the order Cyprinodontiformes.	Poecilia	Poeciliidae
parent taxon	The Lagos serotine (Eptesicus platyops) is a species of vesper bat.	Lagos serotine	Eptesicus
parent taxon	Astropecten is a genus of sea stars of the family Astropectinidae.	Astropecten	Astropectinidae
parent taxon	The Cozumelan golden bat (Mimon cozumelae) is a bat species from Central and northern South America.	Cozumelan golden bat	Mimon
parent taxon	Rhodothyrsus is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae, first described as a genus in 1999.	Rhodothyrsus	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Richeria is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1797.	Richeria	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	The Stenochilidae are a spider family with twelve described species in two genera.	Stenochilidae	spider
parent taxon	Acrymia is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae, first described in 1908.	Acrymia	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	Corypha (Gebang Palm, Buri Palm and Talipot Palm) is a genus of palms (family Arecaceae), native to India, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, New Guinea, northeastern Australia (Cape York Peninsula, Queensland).	Corypha	Arecaceae
parent taxon	Senegalia schlechteri (as Acacia schlechteri).	Senegalia schlechteri	Acacia
parent taxon	The Choctaw bean, scientific name Villosa choctawensis, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Unionidae.	Choctaw bean	Villosa
parent taxon	Empedaula is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae, similar to Aristotelia.	Empedaula	Gelechiidae
parent taxon	Phygelius, common names Cape fuchsia or Cape figwort, is a genus of flowering plants in the Scrophulariaceae family, native to wet slopes and banks in southern Africa.	Phygelius	Scrophulariaceae
parent taxon	Ralfsiaceae is a family of brown algae in the order Ralfsiales.	Ralfsiaceae	Ralfsiales
parent taxon	Daucus is a worldwide genus of herbaceous plants of the family Apiaceae of which the best-known species is the cultivated carrot.	Daucus	Apiaceae
parent taxon	The Campo Grande tree frog, Hypsiboas cymbalum, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil.	Campo Grande tree frog	Hypsiboas
parent taxon	Salmonidae is a family of ray-finned fish, the only living family currently placed in the order Salmoniformes.	Salmonidae	Salmoniformes
parent taxon	Siraitia is a genus of plants from the Cucurbitaceae family.	Siraitia	Cucurbitaceae
parent taxon	Limestone Canyon virus (LSC) is a single-stranded, negative-sense RNA zoonotic Hantavirus that is genetically similar to Sin Nombre virus which causes Hantavirus pulmonary syndrome (HPS) in humans.	Limestone Canyon virus	Hantavirus
parent taxon	The Banda myzomela (Myzomela boiei) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.	Banda myzomela	Myzomela
parent taxon	The New Guinea long-eared bat (Nyctophilus microtis) is a species of vesper bat.	New Guinea long-eared bat	Nyctophilus
parent taxon	Gourlayia regia is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Gourlayia.	Gourlayia	Carabidae
parent taxon	The New Zealand piper (Hyporhamphus ihi) is a halfbeak found all around New Zealand in shallow inshore waters.	New Zealand piper	Hyporhamphus
parent taxon	Orbeopsis is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1978.	Orbeopsis	Apocynaceae
parent taxon	Cowan's shrew tenrec (Microgale cowani) is a species of mammal in the family Tenrecidae.	Cowan's shrew tenrec	Microgale
parent taxon	The Italian edible frog (Pelophylax kl. hispanicus) is a hybridogenic species in the true frog family Ranidae.	Italian edible frog	Pelophylax
parent taxon	Ptychopyxis is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae first described in 1861.	Ptychopyxis	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Ptilodontidae is a family of primitive mammals within the extinct order Multituberculata.	Ptilodontidae	Multituberculata
parent taxon	Celtis occidentalis, commonly known as the common hackberry, is a large deciduous tree native to North America.	Celtis occidentalis	hackberry
parent taxon	Stylulus nasutus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Stylulus.	Stylulus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Saipan reed warbler (Acrocephalus hiwae) is a critically endangered songbird of the Mariana Islands.	Saipan reed warbler	Acrocephalus
parent taxon	The Arnhem leaf-nosed bat (Hipposideros inornatus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Arnhem leaf-nosed bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	The Western limestone ctenotus (Ctenotus australis) is a species of skink native to coastal areas of south west Western Australia.	Western limestone ctenotus	Ctenotus
parent taxon	The Central American river turtle (Dermatemys mawii) also known locally as the ``hickatee'' or tortuga blanca (white turtle) is the only living species in the family Dermatemydidae.	Central American river turtle	Dermatemys
parent taxon	Acanthoxyla is included in the family Phasmatidae.	Acanthoxyla	Phasmatidae
parent taxon	Heteropteryx dilatata, also known as jungle nymph, Malaysian stick insect, Malayan jungle nymph, or Malayan wood nymph, is a large member of the Phasmatodea, commonly kept in captivity.	Heteropteryx dilatata	Phasmatodea
parent taxon	Valcouroceras is the type genus for the Valcouroceratidae, a family in the nautiloid order Oncocerida named by Rousseau Flower, 1943, named for Valcour Island in Lake Champlain, between New York state and Vermont, where it was first discovered.	Valcouroceras	Valcouroceratidae
parent taxon	Sundevall's roundleaf bat (Hipposideros caffer), also called Sundevall's leaf-nosed bat, is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Sundevall's roundleaf bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	Cladistic analyses showed that Emausaurus was a basal member of the Thyreophora, more derived than Scutellosaurus, but less than Scelidosaurus.	Emausaurus	Thyreophora
parent taxon	Lepidopetalum is a genus of six species of trees known to science, constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae.	Lepidopetalum	Sapindaceae
parent taxon	Euomphaloceras is an early Upper Cretaceous ammonite genus, (Cephalopoda, Ammonoidea), included in the Acanthoceratinae until established as the type genus for the Euomphaloceratinae by Cooper, 1978.	Euomphaloceras	Euomphaloceratinae
parent taxon	The Yunnan nuthatch (Sitta yunnanensis) is a species of nuthatch endemic to South-Western China.	Yunnan nuthatch	Sitta
parent taxon	It is the only species of genus Coulterella and of subtribe Coulterellinae.	Coulterella	Coulterellinae
parent taxon	The Brazilian blind electric ray, Benthobatis kreffti, is a species of fish in the Narcinidae family endemic to Brazil.	Brazilian blind electric ray	Benthobatis
parent taxon	Martelella is a genus of Gram-negative, oxidase- and catalase-positive, strictly aerobic, non-spore-forming bacteria from the family of Aurantimonadaceae.	Martelella	Aurantimonadaceae
parent taxon	Bonnerichthys is a genus of fossil fishes within the family Pachycormidae that lived during the Late Cretaceous Period Fossil remains of this taxon are known from the Smoky Hill Member of the Niobrara Chalk Formation of Kansas (Late Coniacian-Early Campanian, about 87-81 million years ago).	Bonnerichthys	Pachycormidae
parent taxon	Zerdana is an Iranian endemic and monotypic genus in family Brassicaceae with the single species of Zerdana anchonioides Boiss.	Zerdana	Brassicaceae
parent taxon	Benueites is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus from the Upper Cretaceous named by Revment, 1954, included in the family Collignoniceratidae, superfamily Acanthocerataceae.	Benueites	Collignoniceratidae
parent taxon	The Sicilian wall lizard (Podarcis waglerianus) is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.	Sicilian wall lizard	Podarcis
parent taxon	Based on his observations and comparison with the notes of Lewis and Clark, Merriam assessed that the Columbian ground squirrel was not a variant of the Arctic ground squirrel, but a separate species, which he named as Spermophilus columbianus, rejecting the genus designation Arctomys and reapplying the species designation originally applied by Ord in 1815.	Columbian ground squirrel	Spermophilus
parent taxon	The Aru flying fox (Pteropus aruensis) is a Critically Endangered species of megabat found in the Aru Islands in Indonesia.	Aru flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	Mecaspis is a genus of cylindrical weevils belonging to the family Curculionidae.	Mecaspis	Curculionidae
parent taxon	The Freshwater blenny, (Salaria fluviatilis), is a species of fish in the Blenniidae family.	Freshwater blenny	Salaria
parent taxon	The Japanese lates (Lates japonicus), also known as the akame (from the Japanese 赤目, アカメ, literally ``red eye'') or Japanese barramundi, is a rare and shy fish endemic to Japan.	Japanese lates	Lates
parent taxon	The Zhang's horned toad or Zhang's spadefoot toad (Xenophrys zhangi) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.	Zhang's horned toad	Xenophrys
parent taxon	Niobe's shrew (Crocidura niobe) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Niobe's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Antioquia bristle tyrant (Phylloscartes lanyoni) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Antioquia bristle tyrant	Phylloscartes
parent taxon	Amnicolidae is a family of small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Rissooidea.	Amnicolidae	Rissooidea
parent taxon	Galearia is a genus of plant of the family Pandaceae.	Galearia	Pandaceae
parent taxon	The Enggano hill myna or Enggano myna (Gracula enganensis) is a member of the starling family.	Enggano hill myna	Gracula
parent taxon	Xiphopteris is a defunct genus of ferns in the family Polypodiaceae.	Xiphopteris	Polypodiaceae
parent taxon	Holcorpidae is a small family of extinct insects in the scorpionfly order Mecoptera, which contains a single genus, Holcorpa.	Holcorpa	Holcorpidae
parent taxon	Diplolaemus darwinii, commonly known as Darwin's iguana, is a species of lizard native to the southern tip of South America.	Darwin's iguana	Diplolaemus
parent taxon	Markuelia is a genus of fossil worm-like bilaterian animals allied to Ecdysozoa and known from strata of Lower Cambrian to Lower Ordovician age containing five species.	Markuelia	Ecdysozoa
parent taxon	Agrostemma is a genus of annual plants in the Caryophyllaceae family, containing the species known as corncockles.	Agrostemma	Caryophyllaceae
parent taxon	The Cape golden mole (Chrysochloris asiatica) is a small, insectivorous mammal of the family Chrysochloridae, the golden moles.	Cape golden mole	Chrysochloris
parent taxon	Aktjubocheilus is an oncocerid Nautiloidea genus from the Upper Devonian (M Famenian) included in the Acleistoceratidae, a family characterized by depressed, or rarely compressed, exogastric brevicones and cyrtocones.	Aktjubocheilus	Acleistoceratidae
parent taxon	Herpetocetus is a genus of cetotheriid mysticete in the subfamily Herpetocetinae.	Herpetocetus	Herpetocetinae
parent taxon	The Cameroon olive pigeon (Columba sjostedti) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Cameroon olive pigeon	Columba
parent taxon	Plusiinae is a smallish (for noctuid standards) subfamily of the moth family Noctuidae.	Plusiinae	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Ipomopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the phlox family, Polemoniaceae.	Ipomopsis	Polemoniaceae
parent taxon	The Hookeriaceae are a family of mainly tropical mosses of the order Hookeriales.	Hookeriaceae	Hookeriales
parent taxon	Mammea is a flowering plant genus with about 50 species in the family Calophyllaceae.	Mammea	Calophyllaceae
parent taxon	Major's long-tailed tenrec (Microgale majori) is a species of mammal in the family Tenrecidae.	Major's long-tailed tenrec	Microgale
parent taxon	Endospermum is a genus of plants, under the family Euphorbiaceae and the monotypic subtribe Endosperminae first described as a genus in 1861 It is native to E + S + SE Asia, Papuasia, Queensland, and certain islands of the W Pacific.	Endospermum	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Formiscurra is a genus of planthopper in the family Caliscelidae with a single species Formiscurra indicus found in southern India.	Formiscurra	Caliscelidae
parent taxon	Zygnematophyceae is a class of green algae in the division Charophyta.	Zygnematophyceae	Charophyta
parent taxon	Argema is a genus of moths from the Saturniidae family, commonly known as moon moths.	Argema	Saturniidae
parent taxon	Odontostomus is a genus of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Odontostomidae.	Odontostomus	Odontostomidae
parent taxon	Pedicularia is a genus of small predatory or ectoparasitic sea snails, cowry-like marine gastropod molluscs in the family Pediculariidae, the cowry allies.	Pedicularia	Pediculariidae
parent taxon	The Celeuthetini are a weevil tribe in the subfamily Entiminae.	Celeuthetini	Entiminae
parent taxon	Akiyoshia is a genus of freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Amnicolidae.	Akiyoshia	Amnicolidae
parent taxon	Neslia is a plant genus in the mustard family (Brassicaceae).	Neslia	Brassicaceae
parent taxon	The Northern Palawan tree squirrel (Sundasciurus juvencus) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Northern Palawan tree squirrel	Sundasciurus
parent taxon	The Scottish red deer (Cervus elaphus scoticus) is a subspecies of red deer, which is native to the British Isles.	Scottish red deer	Cervus elaphus
parent taxon	Arsinoitheriidae is a family of extinct hoofed mammals belonging to the extinct order Embrithopoda.	Arsinoitheriidae	Embrithopoda
parent taxon	Froggattella is a genus of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae.	Froggattella	Dolichoderinae
parent taxon	Lobodontidius congoanus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Lobodontidius.	Lobodontidius	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Simon's desert racer (Mesalina simoni) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.	Simon's desert racer	Mesalina
parent taxon	Oedistoma is a genus of longbill in the bird family Melanocharitidae (berrypeckers and longbills).	Oedistoma	Melanocharitidae
parent taxon	The Telford's shrew (Crocidura telfordi) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Telford's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Tuxtla quail-dove (Zentrygon carrikeri) or Veracruz quail-dove is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Tuxtla quail-dove	Zentrygon
parent taxon	Deuteromallotus is a Malagasy genus of the spurge family Euphorbiaceae.	Deuteromallotus	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	True's shrew mole (Dymecodon pilirostris) is a species of mammal in the family Talpidae.	True's shrew mole	Dymecodon
parent taxon	Transandinomys is a genus of rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae.	Transandinomys	Cricetidae
parent taxon	Speirops are a group of birds in the white-eye family Zosteropidae.	Speirops	Zosteropidae
parent taxon	Eupholidoptera is a genus of 'katydid crickets' belonging to the family Tettigoniidae subfamily Tettigoniinae.	Eupholidoptera	Tettigoniidae
parent taxon	The Nazas shiner (Notropis nazas) is a species of cyprinid fish.	Nazas shiner	Notropis
parent taxon	Procambarus is a genus of crayfish in the family Cambaridae, all native to North and Central America.	Procambarus	Cambaridae
parent taxon	Doryphora is a genus of plant in the family Atherospermataceae, or formerly Monimiaceae.	Doryphora	Atherospermataceae
parent taxon	Glenea is a genus of longhorn beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae, subfamily Lamiinae.	Glenea	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Gortonia linsleyi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Gortonia.	Gortonia	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Lepomis is a genus of freshwater fish in the sunfish family, Centrarchidae, in the order Perciformes.	Lepomis	Centrarchidae
parent taxon	Nemoptera is a Palearctic genus of insects of the family Nemopteridae or spoonwings.	Nemoptera	Nemopteridae
parent taxon	The Papuan harrier (Circus spilothorax) is a bird of prey native to New Guinea which belongs to the harrier genus Circus.	Papuan harrier	Circus
parent taxon	The Oriente warbler (Teretistris fornsi) is a species of bird formerly placed in the New World warbler family, Parulidae, that is endemic to Cuba.	Oriente warbler	Teretistris
parent taxon	The Pulsating xenid (Heteroxenia fuscescens) is a species of soft coral of the family Xeniidae	Pulsating xenid	Heteroxenia
parent taxon	The Castelnau's antshrike (Thamnophilus cryptoleucus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Castelnau's antshrike	Thamnophilus
parent taxon	Phasiinae is a subfamily of flies in the family Tachinidae.	Phasiinae	Tachinidae
parent taxon	The Vogelkop ringtail possum (Pseudochirulus schlegeli) is a species of marsupial in the family Pseudocheiridae.	Vogelkop ringtail possum	Pseudochirulus
parent taxon	Sticholotidinae is a beetle subfamily in the family Coccinellidae (ladybirds).	Sticholotidinae	Coccinellidae
parent taxon	Bothriomyrmecini is a tribe of Dolichoderinae ants with 5 genera.	Bothriomyrmecini	Dolichoderinae
parent taxon	The southern pike (Esox cisalpinus) is a freshwater fish restricted to freshwater habitats in central and northern Italy (Southern Europe).	Esox cisalpinus	pike
parent taxon	Crossley's vanga (Mystacornis crossleyi), also known as Crossley's babbler-vanga, Crossley's babbler, or Madagascar groundjumper, is a bird species in the family Vangidae.	Crossley's vanga	Mystacornis
parent taxon	The California moray (Gymnothorax mordax) is a moray eel of the family Muraenidae, found in the eastern Pacific at depths to 40 m. Its length is up to 152 cm. They live up to 30 years and have no pelvic or pectoral fins, or gill covers.	California moray	Gymnothorax
parent taxon	The Spotted drum or spotted ribbonfish (Equetus punctatus), is a species of marine fish in the family Sciaenidae.	Spotted drum	Equetus
parent taxon	Duntroonornis parvus, also referred to as the Duntroon penguin, is a genus and species of extinct penguin from the Late Oligocene of New Zealand.	Duntroonornis	penguin
parent taxon	Crinodendron is a botanic genus with 8 species of flowering plants belonging to the family Elaeocarpaceae.	Crinodendron	Elaeocarpaceae
parent taxon	The Natal hinge-back tortoise (Kinixys natalensis) is a species of turtle in the Testudinidae family.	Natal hinge-back tortoise	Kinixys
parent taxon	The Carolina anole (Anolis carolinensis) is an arboreal lizard found primarily in the southeastern United States and some Caribbean islands.	Carolina anole	Anolis
parent taxon	Actinote is a genus of butterflies from South America of the subfamily Heliconiinae in the family Nymphalidae.	Actinote	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	The Yemen linnet was formerly placed in the genus Carduelis but was moved to the genus Linaria based on a phylogenetic analysis of mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequences.	Yemen linnet	Carduelis
parent taxon	The West African seahorse (Hippocampus algiricus) is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family (Seahorses and pipefish).	West African seahorse	Hippocampus
parent taxon	Celtencrinurus is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Northern Ireland.	Celtencrinurus	Phacopida
parent taxon	Tarebia is a genus of freshwater snails, gastropod mollusks in the family Thiaridae.	Tarebia	Thiaridae
parent taxon	Phycopterus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family found in Chile, first described by Émile Blanchard in Gay, 1852.	Phycopterus	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Orcuttia is a genus of grass in the family Poaceae.	Orcuttia	Poaceae
parent taxon	Opostegidae or ``white eyecap moths'' is a family of insects in the Lepidoptera order that is characterised by particularly large eyecaps over the compound eyes (see also Nepticulidae, Bucculatricidae, Lyonetiidae).	Opostegidae	Lepidoptera
parent taxon	The Dayak roundleaf bat (Hipposideros dyacorum) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Dayak roundleaf bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	The Textulariida are an order of Foraminifera that produce agglutinated shells or tests.	Textulariida	Foraminifera
parent taxon	The Baltic hawker (Aeshna serrata) is a species of hawker dragonfly native to eastern Europe and western Asia.	Baltic hawker	Aeshna
parent taxon	The Ethiopian swallow (Hirundo aethiopica) is a species of bird in the family Hirundinidae.	Ethiopian swallow	Hirundo
parent taxon	Baptisia (wild indigo, false indigo) is a genus in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Baptisia	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Microsoroideae is a subfamily in the Polypodiaceae family of ferns.	Microsoroideae	Polypodiaceae
parent taxon	The Vella Lavella white-eye, belted white-eye or banded white-eye (Zosterops vellalavella) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Vella Lavella white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	The Sonoran collared lizard, Crotaphytus nebrius, is a collared lizard found in Arizona and Mexico.	Sonoran collared lizard	Crotaphytus
parent taxon	Semiannuloceras is an extinct genus of actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod of the family Baltoceratidae that lived in what would be Europe during the Ordovician from 490--460 mya, existing for approximately 6 million years.	Semiannuloceras	Baltoceratidae
parent taxon	Doubleday's hummingbird (Cynanthus doubledayi) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family also known as the turquoise-crowned hummingbird.	Doubleday's hummingbird	Cynanthus
parent taxon	Alpigenobombus is a subgenus of the genus Bombus.	Alpigenobombus	Bombus
parent taxon	Uapaceae is a tribe of the family Phyllanthaceae, native to Africa and Madagascar.	Uapaceae	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	The East Siberian cod (Arctogadus borisovi) also known as the toothed cod, is an Arctic fish closely similar to the Arctic cod Arctogadus glacialis and also related to true cods (genus Gadus).	East Siberian cod	Arctogadus
parent taxon	Ankyloceras is an Early Devonian cephalopod genus included in the oncocerid family Karoceratidae.	Ankyloceras	Karoceratidae
parent taxon	Earlier, representatives of the genus were assigned to the family Azotobacteraceae Pribram, 1933, but then were transferred to the family Pseudomonadaceae based on the studies of nucleotide sequences 16S rRNA.	Azotobacter	Pseudomonadaceae
parent taxon	Chtenopteryx is a genus of small, muscular, midwater squid in the monotypic family Chtenopterygidae.	Chtenopteryx	Chtenopterygidae
parent taxon	The American carrion beetle (Necrophila americana, formerly Silpha americana) is a North American beetle of the family Silphidae.	American carrion beetle	Silpha
parent taxon	The Oregon giant earthworm (Driloleirus macelfreshi) is a species of invertebrate in the Megascolecidae family.	Oregon giant earthworm	Driloleirus
parent taxon	†Anastomopsidae is an extinct family of fossil gastropods in the superfamily Punctoidea.	Anastomopsidae	Punctoidea
parent taxon	Mentzelia is a genus of about 60-70 species of flowering plants in the family Loasaceae, native to the Americas.	Mentzelia	Loasaceae
parent taxon	Trachyandra is a genus of plant in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, subfamily Asphodeloideae, first described as a genus in 1843.	Trachyandra	Asphodeloideae
parent taxon	The Audouin's gull (Ichthyaetus audouinii) is a large gull restricted to the Mediterranean and the western coast of Saharan Africa.	Audouin's gull	Ichthyaetus
parent taxon	Callionymus limiceps, the Rough-headed dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to the waters off of northern Australia.	Rough-headed dragonet	Callionymus
parent taxon	The Carrizal seedeater (Amaurospiza carrizalensis) is a recently discovered species of seedeater.	Carrizal seedeater	Amaurospiza
parent taxon	Cerithidea is a genus of medium-sized sea snails or mud snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Potamididae, the horn snails.	Cerithidea	Potamididae
parent taxon	Molorchini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae, containing the single genus Molorchus and the following species:	Molorchini	Cerambycinae
parent taxon	Macaca anderssoni is a prehistoric species of macaque from the Pleistocene of Japan.	Macaca anderssoni	macaque
parent taxon	Vanilloideae is one of the subfamilies of orchids belonging to the large family Orchidaceae.	Vanilloideae	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Schumannianthus is a group of plants in the Marantaceae described as a genus in 1904.	Schumannianthus	Marantaceae
parent taxon	Tryblidiidae is an extinct family of paleozoic monoplacophorans in the superfamily Tryblidioidea.	Tryblidiidae	Tryblidioidea
parent taxon	The Filobasidiales are an order in the fungal class Tremellomycetes.	Filobasidiales	Tremellomycetes
parent taxon	The Chatham kaka or Chatham Island kākā (Nestor chathamensis) is an extinct parrot species previously found on the Chatham Islands, New Zealand.	Chatham kaka	Nestor
parent taxon	The Mexican spotted wood turtle (Rhinoclemmys rubida) or Mexican spotted terrapin is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae.	Mexican spotted wood turtle	Rhinoclemmys
parent taxon	Rhytidophyllum is a genus of plant in family Gesneriaceae, native to the Caribbean islands and northern South America.	Rhytidophyllum	Gesneriaceae
parent taxon	The Senegal eremomela (Eremomela pusilla) is a member of the Cisticolidae.	Senegal eremomela	Eremomela
parent taxon	Loxonematoidea is an extinct taxonomic superfamily of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs, belonging to the Murchisoniinae.	Loxonematoidea	Murchisoniinae
parent taxon	Scott's sportive lemur (Lepilemur scottorum), or the Masoala sportive lemur, is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar.	Scott's sportive lemur	Lepilemur
parent taxon	Bylgia is an extinct genus of prawns in the family Penaeidae, containing 4 species.	Bylgia	Penaeidae
parent taxon	Pratt's roundleaf bat (Hipposideros pratti) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Pratt's roundleaf bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	The Sulu hornbill or Montano's hornbill (Anthracoceros montani) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family.	Sulu hornbill	Anthracoceros
parent taxon	The La Loma salamander (Bolitoglossa colonnea) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	La Loma salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	The Parras characodon (Characodon garmani) is a species of goodeid fish once endemic to Jalisco, Mexico.	Parras characodon	Characodon
parent taxon	Asteromyrtus is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae, described as a genus in 1843.	Asteromyrtus	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	The Tarapaca Pacific iguana (Microlophus tarapacensis) is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Tarapaca Pacific iguana	Microlophus
parent taxon	Aricoceras is an extinct genus of the Adrianitidae family.	Aricoceras	Adrianitidae
parent taxon	Hadrurus is a genus of scorpions which belongs to the Caraboctonidae family.	Hadrurus	Caraboctonidae
parent taxon	The Campina jay (Cyanocorax hafferi) is a passerine from the genus Cyanocorax, a group of jays which occur in the Neotropics.	Campina jay	Cyanocorax
parent taxon	Nimbadon is an extinct genus of Diprotodontia that lived in the Miocene epoch.	Nimbadon	Diprotodontia
parent taxon	Parametriocnemus is a genus of non-biting midges, distributed world-wide (except Antarctica), in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the family (Chironomidae).	Parametriocnemus	Chironomidae
parent taxon	Rosefin rasbora (Rasbora dusonensis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora from the Southeast Asia.	Rosefin rasbora	Rasbora
parent taxon	Cyclophiops is a genus of colubrid snakes (subfamily Colubrinae) commonly called green snakes.	Cyclophiops	Colubrinae
parent taxon	The Roll's partridge (Arborophila rolli) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.	Roll's partridge	Arborophila
parent taxon	Piezocerini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae, containing the following genera:	Piezocerini	Cerambycinae
parent taxon	Xanthomyrtus is a group of shrubs and trees in the botanical family Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1922.	Xanthomyrtus	Myrtaceae
participant of	Václav Pantůček (24 November 1934 in Mikulov, Czechoslovakia -- 21 July 1994 in Brno, Czech Republic) was a Czech ice hockey player who competed in the 1956 Winter Olympics and in the 1960 Winter Olympics.	Václav Pantůček	1956 Winter Olympics	1960 Winter Olympics
participant of	Ursula Pollack (born October 27, 1919) is a German freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Ursula Pollack	1936 Summer Olympics
performer	That Gibson Boy is an album by country music singer Don Gibson, released in 1959.	That Gibson Boy	Don Gibson
performer	``Lord Give Me a Sign'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist DMX, released as the second single from his sixth studio album Year of the Dog...	Lord Give Me a Sign	DMX
place of birth	Kegham Kavafyan (Գեղամ Գաւաֆեան, born 1888 Istanbul, Ottoman Turkey -- November 30, 1959 Switzerland) was an Ottoman Armenian architect.	Kegham Kavafyan	Istanbul
place of birth	Dariusz Szubert (born October 31, 1970 in Białogard) is a Polish football coach and former football player.	Dariusz Szubert	Białogard
place of birth	Arjun Sarja was born on 15 August 1964, to a Kannada family in Madhugiri, in the erstwhile Mysore State.	Arjun Sarja	Madhugiri
place of birth	Marvin Pourié (born 8 January 1991 in Werne) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for FC Ufa on loan from Danish Superliga side F.C. Copenhagen.	Marvin Pourié	Werne
place of birth	Georg Wildführ was born in Linden, then a village near the edge of the city, but following large scale urbanisation and local government boundary reforms in 1920 a city-district in Hanover.	Georg Wildführ	Hanover
place of birth	Ronnie Schwartz Nielsen (born 29 August 1989 in Ulsted) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Esbjerg, on loan from Guingamp.	Ronnie Schwartz	Ulsted
place of birth	Lavinia Fontana was born in Bologna, the daughter of the painter Prospero Fontana, who was a prominent painter of the School of Bologna at the time and served as her teacher.	Lavinia Fontana	Bologna
place of birth	Rachel Lee (Chinese: 李麗珍, earlier known as Loletta Lee) is a Hong Kong actress born on 8 January 1966.	Loletta Lee	Hong Kong
place of birth	Piero Gilardi (born in Turin in 1942) is an visual artist.	Piero Gilardi	Turin
place of birth	Patrick Lemarié is a French auto racing driver born February 6, 1968 in Paris.	Patrick Lemarié	Paris
place of birth	Paolo Belli (born 21 March 1962 in Formigine) is an Italian singer and television presenter.	Paolo Belli	Formigine
place of birth	Alexander Arekeev (Russian: Александр Викторович Арекеев; born 10 April 1982 in Izhevsk) is a Russian professional road bicycle racer.	Alexander Arekeev	Izhevsk
place of birth	Süleyman Hilmi Tunahan, (1888 -- September 16, 1959), was a 20th-century Islamic scholar born in the small Ottoman village of Ferhatlar, also known as Varatlar and today Delchevo in the Razgrad Province, Bulgaria.	Süleyman Hilmi Tunahan	Razgrad Province
place of birth	Brian Pattie (born April 9, 1975, Zephyrhills, Florida) is an American auto-racing crew chief and the current crew chief for David Ragan.	Brian Pattie	Zephyrhills
place of birth	Edward Charles Edmond Hemsted (born Anacapri, Isola de Capri, 1898), better known by the pen name Edward Charles, was an English author, educator, social advocate and sexologist.	Edward Charles	Anacapri
place of birth	Niccolò Fieschi (c. 1456 -- 1524) was an Italian Cardinal, of a prominent family of Genoa which features in Verdi's Simon Boccanegra.	Niccolò Fieschi	Genoa
place of birth	Kévin Mayer (born 10 February 1992 in Argenteuil) is a French decathlete.	Kévin Mayer	Argenteuil
place of birth	Fred Copeman was born in the Wangford Union Workhouse near Beccles in East Suffolk, England, in 1907.	Fred Copeman	Beccles
place of birth	Karolina of Legnica-Brieg (2 December 1652 -- 24 December 1707) was the eldest daughter of Christian, Duke of Legnica-Brzeg-Wołów-Oława, and his wife, Louise of Anhalt-Dessau.	Karolina of Legnica-Brieg	Brzeg
place of birth	Thomas Hopko was born in Endicott, New York of Rusyn descent.	Thomas Hopko	New York
place of birth	Alena Arshinova (Cyrillic: Алёна Аршинова; born 3 March 1985 in Dresden, East Germany) is a Russian politician, model and sociologist.	Alena Arshinova	Dresden
place of birth	Jougle Manoel Rodrigues or simply Jougle (born January 20, 1988 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian attacking midfield footballer.	Jougle Manoel Rodrigues	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Theodor Schwenk (1910, Schwäbisch Gmünd - 1986) was an anthroposophist, an engineer and a pioneering water researcher.	Theodor Schwenk	Schwäbisch Gmünd
place of birth	Thomas Shields Clarke (April 25, 1860 -- November 15, 1920), American artist, was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to Louis Semple Clarke and Mary Ormsby Phillips Clarke.	Thomas Shields Clarke	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Susanna Parigi, born in Florence, is an Italian singer, songwriter, pianist and author.	Susanna Parigi	Florence
place of birth	Eddie Doherty was born in Chicago in 1890, the oldest of ten children in an Irish Catholic family born to Police Lieutenant Edward Doherty and his wife Ellen Rodgers.	Eddie Doherty	Chicago
place of birth	Ingo Voge (born 14 February 1958 in Falkensee, GDR) is an East German bobsledder who competed during the 1980s.	Ingo Voge	Falkensee
place of birth	Giuliana Sgrena was born and raised in Masera, Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola, a town of fewer than 1000 people that had seen intense fighting during World War II between Italian partisans and German soldiers.	Giuliana Sgrena	Masera
place of birth	Artem Vakhitov was born in Prokopyevsk on April 4, 1991 and began basic martial arts training under his father's tutelage at the age of five years before going on to study karate at the age of six, which he practiced for five years.	Artem Vakhitov	Prokopyevsk
place of birth	F. Luis Mora was born in Montevideo, Uruguay, to Domingo Mora, a noted sculptor from Catalonia, and Laura Gaillard, a cultured French woman originally from the Bordeaux region of France.	F. Luis Mora	Montevideo
place of birth	Ilona Mitrecey (born 1 September 1993 in Fontenay-aux-Roses, Hauts-de-Seine), more commonly known as Ilona, is a French singer.	Ilona Mitrecey	Fontenay-aux-Roses
place of birth	Jonathan Strahan (born 1964 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an editor and publisher of science fiction.	Jonathan Strahan	Belfast
place of birth	Jorge Cañete is a Swiss interior designer, born in Geneva and of Catalan and Andalusian origin.	Jorge Cañete	Geneva
place of birth	Pablo Fernando Hernández Roetti (born 5 May 1975 in Montevideo) is a retired Uruguayan association footballer.	Pablo Fernando Hernández	Montevideo
place of birth	Graham Gibson (born 19 July 1980 in Kirkcaldy, Fife) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Scottish Second Division side Forfar Athletic.	Graham Gibson	Kirkcaldy
place of birth	Dušan Velkaverh was born on 12 September 1943 in Georgetown, British Guiana (now Guyana) to a Slovene sailor and to an English nurse.	Dušan Velkaverh	Georgetown
place of birth	Omar Pene (born 1956 in Dakar) is the emblematic lead singer of the Super Diamono.	Omar Pene	Dakar
place of birth	George Henri Anne-Marie Victor de Villebois-Mareuil was born approximately 30 km South East of Nantes.	George Henri Anne-Marie Victor de Villebois-Mareuil	Nantes
place of birth	Mohini Bhardwaj was born on September 29, 1978, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to parents Indu and Kaushal.	Mohini Bhardwaj	Philadelphia
place of birth	Eliton Deola commonly known as Deola (born April 19, 1983 in Céu Azul), is a Brazilian footballer of Greek descent who plays as a Goalkeeper.	Eliton Deola	Céu Azul
place of birth	T. R. Omana was born as eldest among 5 children to T R Gopala Pillai, Timber merchant and P K Meenakshiamma, a housewife in Alappuzha.	T. R. Omana	Alappuzha
place of birth	Paul Touvier was born in Saint-Vincent-sur-Jabron, Alpes de Haute-Provence, in southeastern France.	Paul Touvier	Saint-Vincent-sur-Jabron
place of birth	Bruce Fordyce (born 3 December 1955 in Hong Kong) is a South African marathon and ultramarathon athlete.	Bruce Fordyce	Hong Kong
place of birth	George Layton (born George Lowy on 2 March 1943 in Bradford, West Riding of Yorkshire of Czechoslovakian and Jewish ancestry) is an English actor, director, screenwriter and author.	George Layton	Bradford
place of birth	Ben Kuhl was from Michigan.	Ben Kuhl	Michigan
place of birth	Born in St. Louis, Missouri, to Jessie (née Crane) and Walker, Walker Evans came from an affluent family.	Walker Evans	St. Louis
place of birth	Geraldo Magela Delamore Moreira known as Geraldo Delamore (born 5 April 1963 in Mariana, Minas Gerais) is a Brazilian professional football manager.	Geraldo Delamore	Mariana, Minas Gerais
place of birth	Nagar Lai was born in Mainland China in 1959, and later moved to live in Hong Kong.	Nagar Lai	Mainland China
place of birth	Pierre Dubuc (born Jean-Pierre Dubuc May 25, 1947 in Montreal, Quebec) is the director and editor of L'aut'journal, a progressive monthly paper.	Pierre Dubuc	Montreal
place of birth	Marie Maugeret came from Le Mans, Sarthe.	Marie Maugeret	Le Mans
place of birth	Elisabetta Piqué (born, Florence) is an Italian-born Argentine journalist, Vatican correspondent for the La Nación newspaper.	Elisabetta Piqué	Florence
place of birth	Ma Jung-kil (Hangul: 마정길; hanja: 馬正吉; born March 13, 1979 in Cheongju, Chungcheongbuk-do) is a South Korean sidearm relief pitcher who plays for the Nexen Heroes in the Korea Baseball Organization.	Ma Jung-kil	Cheongju
place of birth	Ratu Tevita Kuridrani was born in Suva, Fiji to Inosi and Litiana Kuridrani, and grew up in the small Fijian village of Namatakula.	Tevita Kuridrani	Suva
place of birth	Verner Thomé was born in Grand Duchy of Finland on 4 July 1878, in Alajärvi, the son of Johan Thome (a forestry officer) and Agnes Thome (née Wallin).	Verner Thomé	Alajärvi
place of birth	Mimi Parent (September 8, 1924 -- June 14, 2005), born Marie Parent in Montreal, was a Canadian surrealist artist.	Mimi Parent	Montreal
place of birth	Max Pam, (born Melbourne, 1949) is an Australian photographer.	Max Pam	Melbourne
place of birth	Fanny Hünerwadel (26 January 1826 -- 27 April 1854) was a Swiss pianist, singer and composer born in Lenzburg.	Fanny Hünerwadel	Lenzburg
place of birth	Born in Phoenix, Arizona, Buddy Rice is the son of a former drag racer.	Buddy Rice	Phoenix
place of birth	Born in Zell im Wiesental, Aloysia Weber was one of the four daughters of the musical Weber family.	Aloysia Weber	Zell im Wiesental
place of birth	Born in Sanary-sur-Mer, Ernest Blanc studied at the Music Conservatory of Toulon with Sabran, from 1946 to 1949.	Ernest Blanc	Sanary-sur-Mer
place of birth	Miha Mazzini (born 3 June 1961 in Jesenice, Yugoslavia) is a Slovenian writer, screenwriter and film director with twenty-eight published books, translated in nine languages.	Miha Mazzini	Jesenice
place of birth	Charles Thomas Stannage, better known as Tom Stannage, was born in Subiaco, Western Australia in March 1944.	Tom Stannage	Subiaco
place of birth	Peter Halley (born September 24, 1953), is an abstract artist from New York City.	Peter Halley	New York City
place of birth	Lionel Djebi-Zadi (born 20 May 1982 in Lyon) is a French footballer currently a free agent having most recently played for Saint Louisienne in La Reunion.	Lionel Djebi-Zadi	Lyon
place of birth	Felipe Folgosi (born Luis Felipe de Andrade Folgosi on May 18, 1974 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian actor, best known for his roles in telenovelas.	Felipe Folgosi	São Paulo
place of birth	Her birthplace in West Tuscumbia, Alabama, is now a museum and sponsors an annual ``Helen Keller Day''.	Helen Keller	Tuscumbia
place of birth	Lawrence Legend (born Lawrence Ryan, 28 March 1971 in Junee, New South Wales) is an Australian stunt motorcyclist.	Lawrence Legend	Junee
place of birth	Valentin Avrorin (1907, Tambov - 1977) was a Corresponding Member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR and an expert in languages.	Valentin Avrorin	Tambov
place of birth	Simona Krupeckaitė (born 13 December 1982 in Utena) is a Lithuanian professional track cyclist.	Simona Krupeckaitė	Utena
place of birth	Costas Montis was born on 18 February 1914 in Famagusta, the sixth and last child of Theodoulos Montis from Lapithos, and Kalomoira Batista, who was descended from an old Venetian family of Famagusta.	Costas Montis	Famagusta
place of birth	Jean-Pierre Filiu (Paris, 1961) is professor of Middle East studies at Sciences Po, Paris School of International Affairs.	Jean-Pierre Filiu	Paris
place of birth	Dien Del was born to an ethnic Khmer Krom family in 1932 at Sóc Trăng.	Dien Del	Sóc Trăng
place of birth	Robert Middlemass (3 September 1883, New Britain, Connecticut -- 10 September 1949, Los Angeles, California) was an American playwright and stage actor, and later character actor with over 100 film appearances.	Robert Middlemass	New Britain, Connecticut
place of birth	Juan Cruz Kaprof (born 12 March 1995 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer who plays for River Plate as a striker.	Juan Cruz Kaprof	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Gianfranco Goberti (born in Ferrara, November 19, 1939) is an Italian painter.	Gianfranco Goberti	Ferrara
place of birth	Nikolay Florea (Floria)(1912, Odessa Ukraine- October 1941, Vyazma, Russia)- was a Soviet astronomer of mixed Romanian and Russian origin.	Nikolay Florea	Odessa
place of birth	The third of nine children, Thomas Paprocki was born in Chicago, Illinois; he has six brothers and two sisters.	Thomas Paprocki	Chicago
place of birth	Aldo Andreani (Mantua, 1887-- Mantua, 1971) was an Italian architect and sculptor.	Aldo Andreani	Mantua
place of birth	Robert Bloomfield was born of a poor family in the village of Honington, Suffolk.	Robert Bloomfield	Honington
place of birth	Gustaw Herling-Grudziński was born in Kielce into a Jewish-Polish merchant family of Jakub (Josek) Herling-Grudziński and his wife Dorota (née) Bryczkowska.	Gustaw Herling-Grudziński	Kielce
place of birth	Francis Scott Street (October 20, 1831 -- April 15, 1883), with partner Francis Shubael Smith were the owners of Street & Smith publishing company in New York City.	Francis Scott Street	New York City
place of birth	James S. Clarkson (May 17, 1842 -- May 30, 1918) was born in Brookville, Indiana, but raised a native of Polk County, Iowa.	James S. Clarkson	Brookville
place of birth	Nelly Thüring (Vankiva 21 June 1875 - Enskede 2 January 1972), was a Swedish politician (Social Democrat).	Nelly Thüring	Vankiva
place of birth	Hendrik Rietschoof (1678, Hoorn -- 1747, Koog aan de Zaan), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Hendrik Rietschoof	Hoorn
place of birth	Giovanni Francesco Fara, the son of a solicitor, was born into one of the most illustrious families in Sassari.	Giovanni Francesco Fara	Sassari
place of birth	Adrian Alston (born 6 February 1949 in Preston) is an English-born Australian former professional football (soccer) player.	Adrian Alston	Preston
place of birth	Diego Ramírez de Arellano was born in Xàtiva in Valencia around 1580.	Diego Ramírez de Arellano	Xàtiva
place of birth	Josef Rebell was a German/Austrian painter; born January 11, 1787, at Vienna.	Josef Rebell	Vienna
place of birth	Mehdi Dehbi (born December 5, 1985, Liège) is a Belgian actor, known for A Most Wanted Man(2014), The Other Son (2012) and Mary Queen of Scots(2013).	Mehdi Dehbi	Liège
place of birth	Josip Vilfan or Wilfan (30 August 1878 - 8 March 1955) was a Slovene lawyer, politician, and human rights activist from Trieste.	Josip Vilfan	Trieste
place of birth	Dorota Nvotová (born 27 October 1982 in Považská Bystrica, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak singer, actress and journalist of newspaper .	Dorota Nvotová	Považská Bystrica
place of birth	Rafael Caldera, was born in San Felipe, Yaracuy.	Rafael Caldera	San Felipe
place of birth	Ottmar Luscinius (also called Othmar or Otmar Nachtgall) was an Alsatian Catholic Humanist who wrote Biblical commentaries; b. Strasbourg, 1487, d. Freiburg, 1537.	Ottmar Luscinius	Strasbourg
place of birth	Alexandra Dementieva (Александра Дементьева) (born 1960, Moscow, USSR) is an artist who has been creating works of electronic,video, interactive and installation art since 1992.	Alexandra Dementieva	Moscow
place of birth	William Chapman Ralston was born at Wellsville in Columbiana County in eastern Ohio, Mary Wilcoxen Chapman.	William Chapman Ralston	Ohio
place of birth	Netrnoi Sor Vorasingh (born 1959-04-22 in Bua Yai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province and died 1982-12-03) was a Thai world boxing champion.	Netrnoi Sor Vorasingh	Bua Yai
place of birth	Manuel Melitón Carvajal Ambulodegui (March 10, 1847 in Lima -- September 19, 1935 in Lima), was a Peruvian naval commander and government official who was part of the crew of the ironclad Huáscar during the War of the Pacific.	Melitón Carvajal	Lima
place of birth	Nickolas Muray (born Miklós Mandl 15 February 1892, Szeged -- 2 November 1965, New York) was a Hungarian-born American photographer and Olympic fencer.	Nickolas Muray	Szeged
place of birth	Andreas Beikirch (born 29 March 1970 in Hilden, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German professional racing cyclist.	Andreas Beikirch	Hilden
place of birth	Ajsel Kujović (Cyrillic: Ајсел Кујовић) (born 1 March 1986 in Bijelo Polje, SR Montenegro, Yugoslavia) is a Swedish footballer of Montenegrin and Bosniak descent, who currently plays as a forward for Varbergs BoIS.	Ajsel Kujović	Bijelo Polje
place of birth	Janusz Gajos (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjanuʂ ˈɡajɔs); born 23 September 1939 in Dąbrowa Górnicza) is a Polish actor.	Janusz Gajos	Dąbrowa Górnicza
place of birth	Jean-Louis Nomicos obtained his CAP (Certificat d'Aptitude Professionnelle) in cooking and pastry in a professional training course at the hotel school of Marseille and the restaurant L'Oursinade with the chef René Alloin in Marseille.	Jean-Louis Nomicos	Marseille
place of birth	Mary Willis Walker (born May 24, 1942, Fox Point, Wisconsin) is an American crime fiction author.	Mary Willis Walker	Fox Point	Wisconsin
place of birth	Andrej Mrkela (Serbian Cyrillic: Андреј Мркела; born on April 9, 1992 in Enschede, Netherlands) is a Serbian footballer, currently playing for Spartak Subotica.	Andrej Mrkela	Enschede
place of birth	Aleksandar Petrović also referred as Aleksandar R. Petrović (Cyrillic: Aлeкcaндap Пeтpoвић, born February 1, 1985 in Pirot) is a Serbian footballer.	Aleksandar R. Petrović	Pirot
place of birth	Mowry Baden (born in 1936 in Los Angeles) is an American sculptor who has lived and worked in Canada since 1975.	Mowry Baden	Los Angeles
place of birth	Arthur Bliss Seymour (January 3, 1859; Moline, Illinois--March 29, 1933; Waverley, Massachusetts) was an American botanist and mycologist who specialized in parasitic fungi.	Arthur Bliss Seymour	Moline
place of birth	Benjamin Fall (born 3 March 1989, in Langon, Gironde) is a French rugby player who currently plays for Montpellier in the Top 14 club competition.	Benjamin Fall	Langon
place of birth	Ingrid Jacquemod (born 23 September 1978 in Bourg Saint Maurice) is a French alpine skier who grew up in Val-d'Isère.	Ingrid Jacquemod	Bourg Saint Maurice
place of birth	Valerie Bettis was born on either 19 December or 20 December 1919 in Houston, Texas.	Valerie Bettis	Houston
place of birth	Staffan Hallerstam (born 21 May 1957 in Stockholm) is a Swedish actor and physician.	Staffan Hallerstam	Stockholm
place of birth	Arash Noamouz (Persian: آرش نوآموز‎, born 6 June 1967 in Tehran) is a retired Iranian football Left Midfielder.	Arash Noamouz	Tehran
place of birth	Ana Miranda is a Brazilian poet and novelist born in Fortaleza, Ceará in 1951.	Ana Miranda	Fortaleza
place of birth	Muzz Skillings (Queens, New York) is an American bassist, singer, guitarist and songwriter.	Muzz Skillings	Queens
place of birth	Mrityunjay Kumar Singh, also known as MK Singh, was born in 1961 in Sonbarsa, Bihar.	Mrityunjay Kumar Singh	Sonbarsa
place of birth	Oded Golan (Hebrew: עודד גולן‎) (b. 1951 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli engineer and artifact collector, who was placed on trial for forgery of antiquities.	Oded Golan	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Jules-Alexandre Duval Le Camus, a French historical and scriptural painter, the son of Pierre Duval-le-Camus, was born in Paris in 1817.	Jules-Alexandre Duval Le Camus	Paris
place of birth	Café Filho, a lawyer, was born in Natal, Rio Grande do Norte, February 3, 1899.	Café Filho	Natal
place of birth	Vasco Cordeiro was born in the civil parish of Covoada, deannexed from the neighboring parish of Relva, in the flanks of the Serra Devassa, 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) northwest of Ponta Delgada.	Vasco Cordeiro	Ponta Delgada
place of birth	Sthenelaidas (Gr. Σθενελαίδας) was a Spartan who held the office of ephor in 432 BC, and, in the congress of the Lacedaemonians and their allies at Sparta in that year, vehemently and successfully urged the assembly to declare war with Athens.	Sthenelaidas	Sparta
place of birth	Chinnakannan Sivasankaran (born 1956, Chennai) is the Chairman of Siva Group, Siva Industries & Holdings and Siva Ventures.	Chinnakannan Sivasankaran	Chennai
place of birth	Faten Hamama was born in 1931 to a Muslim lower middle class family in Mansoura, Egypt (according to her birth certificate), but she claimed to have been born in the Abdeen quarter of Cairo.	Faten Hamama	Mansoura
place of birth	Wilhelm Daniel Joseph Koch (5 March 1771 - 14 November 1849) was a German physician and botanist from Kusel, a town in the Rhineland-Palatinate.	Wilhelm Daniel Joseph Koch	Kusel
place of birth	Emilia Schüle (born November 28, 1992 in Blagoveshchensk) is a German actress of Russian birth.	Emilia Schüle	Blagoveshchensk
place of birth	Turner Ashby, Jr. was born at Rose Bank Plantation in Fauquier County, Virginia, to Turner Sr. and Dorothea Green Ashby.	Turner Ashby	Virginia
place of birth	Paul Monash was born in Harlem, New York, in 1917, and grew up in The Bronx.	Paul Monash	Harlem
place of birth	Raised in Davison, Michigan, Brent Metcalf is the son of Tom and Lynn Metcalf.	Brent Metcalf	Davison, Michigan
place of birth	Hunter Ellis (born July 5, 1968, in Alexandria, Virginia) is an American television personality.	Hunter Ellis	Alexandria
place of birth	Leon Dash (born March 16, 1944, in New Bedford, Massachusetts) is a professor of journalism at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.	Leon Dash	New Bedford
place of birth	Charles W. Engelhard, Jr. (February 15, 1917 -- March 2, 1971) was an American businessman who controlled an international mining and metals conglomerate, as well as a major owner in Thoroughbred horse racing, and a candidate in the 1955 New Jersey State Senate Elections.	Charles W. Engelhard, Jr.	New Jersey
place of birth	Silvio Fauner (born November 1, 1968 in San Pietro di Cadore, Province of Belluno) is an Italian former cross-country skier who competed from 1988 to 2006.	Silvio Fauner	San Pietro di Cadore
place of birth	Antonella Capriotti (born 4 February 1962 in Rome) is a retired Italian long jumper and triple jumper.	Antonella Capriotti	Rome
place of birth	Hans Coppi (25 January 1916, Berlin -- 22 December 1942) was a German Red Orchestra resistance fighter against the Third Reich.	Hans Coppi	Berlin
place of birth	Marie-Laure de Lorenzi (born 21 January 1961, in Biarritz) is a French professional golfer.	Marie-Laure de Lorenzi	Biarritz
place of birth	Olapade Adeniken (born 19 August 1969 in Osogbo) is a retired Nigerian sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres,and is the father of Michael Adeniken.	Olapade Adeniken	Osogbo
place of birth	Julius Bauschinger was born in Fürth, the son of the physicist Johann Bauschinger.	Julius Bauschinger	Fürth
place of birth	Baruch Leib Rosowsky (1841 -- 1919) was a famous cantor and composer in Riga, at the time a city in Imperial Russia.	Baruch Leib Rosowsky	Riga
place of birth	Jacques Daléchamps (1513, Caen -- 1588) was a French botanist and physician.	Jacques Daléchamps	Caen
place of birth	Born in Erechim, Rio Grande do Sul, Neuton joined Gremio's youth setup in 2008, after starting it out at Ypiranga de Erechim.	Neuton	Erechim
place of birth	Osvaldo Nunez (born 10 September 1938 in Curicó, Chile) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 1997.	Osvaldo Nunez	Curicó
place of birth	Grock was born in Loveresse, a village in the Bernese Jura in the Canton of Bern.	Grock	Loveresse
place of birth	Charles Lebayle (28 May 1856, Paris - February 1898, Paris) was a French painter and designer, who is mostly known for his collaborations with stained glass makers.	Charles Lebayle	Paris
place of birth	David Carruthers (born September 1957 in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a British businessman who was the CEO of online gambling company BETonSPORTS plc from July 2000 until July 2006.	David Carruthers	Edinburgh
place of birth	Luigi Batzella (San Sperate, 27 May 1924 -- San Sperate, 18 November 2008) was an Italian film director, screenwriter and former actor who used numerous pseudonyms such as Paolo Solvay, Ivan Kathansky, A.M. Frank, Gigi Batzella, Paul Hamus, Dean Jones and Paul Selway.	Luigi Batzella	San Sperate
place of birth	Will Ray (born 1950, Richmond, Virginia) is a long-time American session guitarist and current member of the Hellecasters.	Will Ray	Richmond
place of birth	Robert Dudley Baxter (3 February 1827, Doncaster -- 1875, Frognal) was an English economist and statistician.	Robert Dudley Baxter	Doncaster
place of birth	Hossein Abdi (Persian: حسین عبدی‎‎, born on March 21, 1967 Tehran) is an Iranian footballer and coach.	Hossein Abdi	Tehran
place of birth	Vander Sacramento Vieira, or simply Vander (born March 2, 1988 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club APOEL FC as a winger.	Vander Sacramento Vieira	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Francesco Civalli (Perugia, 1660- January 7, 1703 in Rome) was an Italian painter of the Baroque, active in Perugia.	Francesco Civalli	Perugia
place of birth	Mayer Lehman was born in 1830 to a German Jewish family in the small Franconian town of Rimpar near Würzburg.	Mayer Lehman	Rimpar
place of birth	Jiří Pešek (4 June 1927 in Prague -- 20 May 2011) was a Czech football player and professional coach.	Jiří Pešek	Prague
place of birth	He was born in Jersey City, New Jersey to William Libbey, Jr., a wealthy New York City merchant, and Elizabeth Marsh (Libbey).	William Libbey	Jersey City
place of birth	Darragh Ó Sé (born 1 April 1975 in Ard an Bhóthair, Ventry, County Kerry) is a former Irish Gaelic footballer.	Darragh Ó Sé	Ventry
place of birth	Peter Rosei (born in Vienna on 17 June 1946) is an Austrian literary writer.	Peter Rosei	Vienna
place of birth	Vicente Principiano (born October 3, 1978 in San Nicolás, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer player.	Vicente Principiano	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Hamid Alidoosti (Persian: حمید علیدوستی ‎‎, born 1 January 1956 in Tehran) is a retired Iranian footballer and now football coach.	Hamid Alidoosti	Tehran
place of birth	Antoine Héroet, surnamed La Maison-Neuve (died 1568), French poet, was born in Paris of a family connected with the well known chancellor, François Olivier.	Antoine Héroet	Paris
place of birth	Yan Junling (simplified Chinese: 颜骏凌; traditional Chinese: 顏駿凌; pinyin: Yán Jùnlíng; born 28 January 1991) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai SIPG in the Chinese Super League.	Yan Junling	Shanghai
place of birth	Pete Conrad was born on June 2, 1930, in Philadelphia, the third child and the first son of Charles Conrad, Sr. (1892--1969) and Frances De Rappelage Conrad (née Vinson; 1899--1981), a well-to-do real estate and banking family.	Pete Conrad	Philadelphia
place of birth	Thomas Tew (fl. 1692--1695), also known as the Rhode Island Pirate, was a 17th-century English privateer-turned-pirate.	Thomas Tew	Rhode Island
place of birth	Dragan Čavić (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Чавић) (born 10 March 1958, Zenica) is a Bosnian politician of Serb ethnicity, who was the President of Republika Srpska in 2002-2006, after having been Vice President of Republika Srpska in 2000-2002.	Dragan Čavić	Zenica
place of birth	Karl Burns (born 1958, Manchester, England) is a British musician best known as drummer for The Fall, featuring in many incarnations of the band between 1977 and 1998.	Karl Burns	Manchester
place of birth	Gareth Cronin (born 18 February 1975 in Cork) is former Irish football player and manager.	Gareth Cronin	Cork
place of birth	China Moses (born January 9, 1978 in Los Angeles) is an American singer and television host.	China Moses	Los Angeles
place of birth	Claire Morgan (born 1980 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an internationally exhibited sculptor and artist who lives and works in London, United Kingdom.	Claire Morgan	Belfast
place of birth	Born in Varkala in Thiruvananthapuram district, Joshiy's relation with cinema began from the cinema theatre that his family owned.	Joshiy	Varkala
place of birth	Walter Liese (born 31 January 1926 in Berlin) is a German forestry and wood researcher and wood biologist.	Walter Liese	Berlin
place of birth	Laird Macintosh is an American actor (born in Evanston, Illinois).	Laird Macintosh	Evanston
place of birth	Gilles Valiquette (born April 7, 1952 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian rock musician, stage actor and record producer.	Gilles Valiquette	Montreal
place of birth	Ivan Morozov (1871--1921) was a Russian businessman and from 1907 to 1914 a major collector of avant-garde French art. After the Bolshevik Revolution his art collection was nationalized and divided between the Pushkin Museum, Moscow, and the Hermitage Museum, Leningrad.	Ivan Morozov	Moscow
place of birth	Sanford Gold (June 9, 1911 -- May 29, 1984) was an American jazz pianist born in Cleveland, Ohio.	Sanford Gold	Cleveland
place of birth	Elmar Ledergerber (born in Engelberg on April 4, 1944) was a previous Mayor of Zurich.	Elmar Ledergerber	Engelberg
place of birth	Pietro Pettinaio was born around 1189 in Campi Bisenzio and moved with his parents to Siena at some point during his childhood.	Pietro Pettinaio	Campi Bisenzio
place of birth	Matthew Melton (born November 10, 1982) is an American musician, songwriter, producer, and photographer based in Austin, Texas, originally from Memphis, Tennessee.	Matthew Melton	Memphis
place of birth	Catrinel Menghia, sometimes known as Catrinel Marlon, (born October 1, 1985, Iași) is a Romanian top fashion model who is best known for her 2006 and 2009 appearances in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, and as the face of Giorgio Armani worldwide and French lingerie purveyor Lise Charmel.	Catrinel Menghia	Iași
place of birth	Sybil Seely was born Sybil Travilla to Harry Travilla and Lucie Ellen Boyker (1855 -- 1949) in Los Angeles, California.	Sybil Seely	Los Angeles
place of birth	Mark Rooney (born 13 December 1983, Dublin) is a former Irish footballer who plied his trade as a striker.	Mark Rooney	Dublin
place of birth	Michael Colgrass (born April 22, 1932, in Chicago, Illinois) is an American-born Canadian musician, composer, and educator.	Michael Colgrass	Chicago
place of birth	Ardalan Ashtiani (Persian: اردلان آشتیانی‎, born April 5, 1982 in Tehran) is an Iranian football player.	Ardalan Ashtiani	Tehran
place of birth	Esther Cremer (born 29 March 1988 in Cologne) is a German athlete who specialises in the 400 metres.	Esther Cremer	Cologne
place of birth	Hye-rim Park (born January 17, 1985, in Seoul) is a Korean-American model currently signed with Trump Model Management (New York), Take 2 Models (London), Why Not Models (Milan) and Viva Model Management (Paris).	Hye-rim Park	Seoul
place of birth	Siti Fadilah Supari (born 6 November 1949 in Surakarta, Central Java) is a prominent cardiology research specialist and an Indonesian politician who served as Minister of Health from 2004 to 2009.	Siti Fadilah	Surakarta
place of birth	Kevin Luiters (born 2 July 1992 in Port Elizabeth) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with the Eastern Province Kings.	Kevin Luiters	Port Elizabeth
place of birth	Pierre Sidos (born 6 January 1927 in Saint-Pierre-d'Oléron) was a French far right political figure, mainly active in the post-war era.	Pierre Sidos	Saint-Pierre-d'Oléron
place of birth	Rachel Gould (born June 25, 1953 in Camden, New Jersey as Rachel Field) is an American singer of Modern Jazz.	Rachel Gould	Camden
place of birth	Tang Baiqiao (Chinese: 唐柏桥; born August, 1967; sometimes spelled Tang Boqiao) is a Chinese political dissident from Hunan province who led student protests during the 1989 democracy movement.	Tang Baiqiao	Hunan
place of birth	Hermann Gemmel was born in Barciany, Poland (then Barten in East Prussia) in 1813.	Hermann Gemmel	Barciany
place of birth	Binod Pradhan (native of Kalimpong, Darjeeling district, West Bengal) is an acclaimed Nepali and Indian nationals cinematographer whose creative visuals and cutting-edge imagery have left their mark on Indian cinema.	Binod Pradhan	Kalimpong
place of birth	John Paul Pitoc (born March 5, 1974, Queens, New York), also credited as Jean Paul Pitoc or J. P. Pitoc, is an American actor.	John Paul Pitoc	Queens
place of birth	Roman Mashkov was born on September 24, 1922 in Bolshiye Goly village of Kachugsky Municipal District of Irkutsk region, Russia in a family of the Russian peasant.	Roman Mashkov	Bolshiye Goly
place of birth	Nikos Psacharopoulos (born Athens, January 18, 1928, died St. John, U.S. Virgin Islands, on January 12, 1989 ) was an American theater producer, director, and educator.	Nikos Psacharopoulos	Athens
place of birth	Unai Bustinza Martínez (born 2 January 1992) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Leganés on loan from Athletic Bilbao as a right back.	Unai Bustinza	Bilbao
place of birth	Mariana Pajón Londoño ODB (born 10 October 1991 in Medellín) is a Colombian cyclist, Olympic Gold Medalist and BMX World Champion.	Mariana Pajón	Medellín
place of birth	Gilberto Simoni (born 25 August 1971 in Palù di Giovo, Trentino) is an Italian ex-professional road bicycle racer, most recently for Lampre--	Gilberto Simoni	Giovo
place of birth	James Whitcomb was born in Rochester, Vermont on December 1, 1795, the fourth of ten children of John W. and Lydia Parmenter Whitcomb.	James Whitcomb	Rochester
place of birth	Louis Davids was born in Rotterdam as son of the comedian and café owner Levie David and Francina Terveen (deceased in 1927) in a poor Jewish family of eight children.	Louis Davids	Rotterdam
place of birth	Esteban José Martínez Fernández y Martínez de la Sierra, or simply Esteban José Martínez (1742--1798) was a Spanish navigator and explorer, native of Seville.	Esteban José Martínez Fernández y Martínez de la Sierra	Seville
place of birth	Motti Ivanir (Hebrew: מוטי איוניר‎; born March 18, 1964 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli former football player.	Motti Ivanir	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Gan Rui (Chinese: 甘锐; born 11 January 1985 in Chongqing) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Nanjing Qianbao in the China League Two.	Gan Rui	Chongqing
place of birth	Joel Frost was born in Carmel, New York on September 28, 1765, the son of John Frost and Huldah (Munson) Frost.	Joel Frost	Carmel, New York
place of birth	Xu Xilin (1873 -- 7 July 1907), was a Chinese revolutionary born in Dongpu, Shanyin, Shaoxing, Zhejiang during the Qing dynasty.	Xu Xilin	Shaoxing
place of birth	Inga Thompson (born January 27, 1964) is a road bicycle racing professional from Reno, Nevada.	Inga Thompson	Reno
place of birth	Meredith Henderson (born November 24, 1983 in Ottawa, Ontario, grew up in Aylmer, Quebec) is a Canadian actress best known for playing the title role in The Adventures of Shirley Holmes.	Meredith Henderson	Ottawa
place of birth	Kij Johnson (born Katherine Irenae Johnson January 20, 1960 in Harlan, Iowa) is an American writer of fantasy.	Kij Johnson	Harlan, Iowa
place of birth	General der Flieger Paul Deichmann was born in Fulda on 27 August 1898.	Paul Deichmann	Fulda
place of birth	Bernard Derome, CM, OQ (born January 10, 1944 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian broadcaster, who was news anchor for the weeknight editions of Le Téléjournal on SRC Television until December 18, 2008.	Bernard Derome	Montreal
place of birth	Geremia da Montagnone (d.1320/1321) was a judge and author active in Padua at the beginning of the 14th century.	Geremia da Montagnone	Padua
place of birth	Kerry Shook is an American minister, best-selling author, and Senior Pastor of Woodlands Church in The Woodlands, Texas.	Kerry Shook	The Woodlands
place of birth	George Pace was born in Croydon, Surrey, the son of a ship owner's clerk.	George Pace	Croydon
place of birth	Gregoria Micaela Toledo Machín (born 24 September 1969 in Arrecife, Lanzarote), professionally known as Goya Toledo, is a Spanish actress and model.	Goya Toledo	Arrecife
place of birth	Wojciech Golla (born 12 January 1992 in Złotów) is a Polish footballer who plays as a Defender for Dutch Eredivisie side NEC.	Wojciech Golla	Złotów
place of birth	Prof. Dr. Ir. Ginandjar Kartasasmita (born ) April 1941 in Bandung, West Java is an Indonesian politician.	Ginandjar Kartasasmita	Bandung
place of birth	Abraham Serfaty was born in Casablanca, in 1926, of a middle-class Jewish family originally from Tangier.	Abraham Serfaty	Casablanca
place of birth	Louise Brough (pronounced Bruff) was born in Oklahoma City in 1923.	Louise Brough	Oklahoma City
place of birth	Alain Mion (born January 14, 1947 in Casablanca) is a French pianist, composer, arranger, and jazz singer.	Alain Mion	Casablanca
place of birth	Hans Karl Breslauer was born in Vienna, the son of the proprietor of a coffee-house, which it was intended he should take over.	Hans Karl Breslauer	Vienna
place of birth	Martin Kihn was born in Zambia, where his parents met while working in a hospital.	Martin Kihn	Zambia
place of birth	George Ogăraru (born 3 February 1980 in Bucharest) is a retired Romanian footballer and current manager.	George Ogăraru	Bucharest
place of birth	Hans Carl Ludwig Augustinsson (born 21 April 1994 in Stockholm) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays for Danish Superliga club F.C. Copenhagen as a left-back.	Ludwig Augustinsson	Stockholm
place of birth	Marco Stroppa (born 8 December 1959, in Verona) is an Italian composer who writes computer music as well as music for instruments with live electronics.	Marco Stroppa	Verona
place of birth	Eldon Quick (born April 4, 1937 in San Joaquin County, California) is an American character actor.	Eldon Quick	San Joaquin County
place of birth	Juan Solari worked in Mexico City, from around 1984 to 1999.	Juan Solari	Mexico
place of birth	Farley Keith (born Farley Keith Williams, January 25, 1962, Chicago, Illinois), better known as Farley ``Jackmaster'' Funk, is a DJ and record producer of Chicago house music.	Farley Keith	Chicago
place of birth	Issara Sritaro (born Jan 18, 1980) is a Thai football coach Thailand Premier League side Chainat Hornbill.	Issara Sritaro	Thailand
place of birth	Alexis Gharibian (born 13 February 1984 in Marseille, France) is an Armenian professional football player.	Alexis Gharibian	Marseille
place of birth	Alexander Ferdinand Grychtolik (born 6 September 1980 in Berlin) is a German harpsichordist, improviser, musicologist and academic.	Alexander Ferdinand Grychtolik	Berlin
place of birth	Immanuel Johann Gerhard Scheller (22 March 1735 in Ihlow -- 5 July 1803 in Brieg) was a German classical philologist and lexicographer.	Immanuel Johann Gerhard Scheller	Ihlow
place of birth	Giuseppe Arezzi (born 1 March 1917 in Pontecurone) was aan Italian footballer.	Giuseppe Arezzi	Pontecurone
place of birth	Saint Mesmin (Maximin, Maximinus) (died ca. 520 AD) is a French saint associated with the Bishopric of Orléans.	Mesmin	Orléans
place of birth	Gérard Latortue (born June 19, 1934 at Gonaïves) was the Prime Minister of Haïti from March 12, 2004 to June 9, 2006.	Gérard Latortue	Gonaïves
place of birth	Donald Ryder Dickey was born on March 31, 1887 in Dubuque, Iowa, the son of Anna Roberts Ryder and Ernest May Dickey (superintendent of the Diamond Joe Steamship Line).	Donald Ryder Dickey	Dubuque
place of birth	Antonella Baldini (born May 11, 1966 in Milan) is an Italian voice actress.	Antonella Baldini	Milan
place of birth	Baron Karl Wilhelm von Gümbel (February 11, 1823 -- June 18, 1898), German geologist, was born at Dannenfels, in the Palatinate of the Rhine, and is known chiefly by his researches on the geology of Bavaria.	Wilhelm von Gümbel	Dannenfels
place of birth	Jay Farrar (born December 26, 1966, Belleville, Illinois) is an American songwriter and musician currently based in St. Louis, Missouri.	Jay Farrar	Belleville
place of birth	Saint Notburga (c. 1265 -- September 16, 1313), also known as Notburga of Rattenberg or Notburga of Eben, was an Austrian saint from modern Tyrol.	Saint Notburga	Rattenberg
place of birth	Vilmos Fraknói (originally Vilmos Frankl) came from a Jewish family of Ürmény (today Mojmírovce, Slovakia).	Vilmos Fraknói	Mojmírovce
place of birth	The eldest of six children, Kevin Vann was born in Springfield, Illinois, to William and Theresa (née Jones) Vann.	Kevin Vann	Springfield
place of birth	Melinda Hammond (b. in Bristol, England) is an awarded British writer of romance novels since 1980, she also uses the pseudonym of Sarah Mallory.	Melinda Hammond	Bristol
place of birth	Henrietta Swan Leavitt, the daughter of Congregational church minister George Roswell Leavitt and his wife Henrietta Swan (Kendrick), was born in Lancaster, Massachusetts, a descendant of Deacon John Leavitt, an English Puritan tailor, who settled in the Massachusetts Bay Colony in the early seventeenth century.	Henrietta Swan Leavitt	Massachusetts
place of birth	Uwe Weidemann (born June 14, 1963 in Weißensee, Thuringia) is a former East German international footballer who became a coach, last managing VfR Fischeln.	Uwe Weidemann	Weißensee
place of birth	Bill Zavatsky (born 1943 Bridgeport, Connecticut) is an American poet, journalist, jazz pianist, and translator.	Bill Zavatsky	Bridgeport
place of birth	Leonid Mezheritski was born on December 11, 1930, and spent most of his life in the cosmopolitan city of Odessa, whose streets and suburbs are found in many of his works.	Leonid Mezheritski	Odessa
place of birth	Selim Süleyman Osmanoğlu Prince (Şehzade) Selim Süleyman Efendi was born in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, England on 15 December 1979, youngest son of Prince (Şehzade) Osman Selaheddin Osmanoğlu and his wife Athena Joy Hanımefendi, née, Christoforides.	Selim Süleyman Osmanoğlu	High Wycombe
place of birth	Zhivko Milanov (Bulgarian: Живко Миланов; born 15 July 1984 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for APOEL FC in the Cypriot First Division.	Zhivko Milanov	Sofia
place of birth	Enrico Alfano (Naples, 1869 or 1870 - unknown), also known as ``Erricone'', was considered to be one of the chiefs of the Camorra, a Mafia-type organisation in the region of Campania and its capital Naples in Italy, at the turn of the 20th century.	Enrico Alfano	Naples
place of birth	Azer Zeynalov was born in Nakhchivan in an intellectual family.	Azer Zeynalov	Nakhchivan
place of birth	Werner Lamberz was born in Mayen in the Eifel region, approximately 36 kim (22 miles) to the west of Koblenz.	Werner Lamberz	Mayen
place of birth	Heike Tischler (born 4 February 1964 in Saalfeld, Thuringia) is a retired German heptathlete.	Heike Tischler	Saalfeld
place of birth	Elisabeth Eberl (born 25 March 1988 in Graz) is an Austrian javelin thrower.	Elisabeth Eberl	Graz
place of birth	Aeacus (/ˈiːəkəs/; also spelled Eacus; Greek: Αἰακός) was a mythological king of the island of Aegina in the Saronic Gulf.	Aeacus	Aegina
place of birth	Regine Mösenlechner (born 1 April 1961 in Inzell) is a retired German alpine skier.	Regine Mösenlechner	Inzell
place of birth	Gerry Duggan was born in Dublin in 1910 (some sources say 1909).	Gerry Duggan	Dublin
place of birth	Agenore Frangipani (Benevento; December 4, 1876 -- Addis Abeba; April 6, 1941) was an Italian general during WWII, and for three days was Governor of Addis Abeba in April 1941.	Agenore Frangipani	Benevento
place of birth	Isabel Steva i Hernández, whose pseudonym is Colita (Barcelona, August 24, 1940), is a Spanish photographer.	Colita	Barcelona
place of birth	Karim Ali Hadji (born May 14, 1981 in Chlef) is an Algerian footballer.	Karim Ali Hadji	Chlef
place of birth	Hugo César Lopes da Silva Soares, simply Hugo Soares (born 15 December 1974 in Luanda) is a former Angolan football striker.	Hugo Soares	Luanda
place of birth	Wilhelm Henning (born 26 July 1879 in Bruchsal, Baden - death unknown) was a German military officer and right-wing politician.	Wilhelm Henning	Bruchsal
place of birth	Sam Weisman (b. 1947 in Binghamton, New York) is an American film director.	Sam Weisman	Binghamton
place of birth	Vlado Zadro (born 17 March 1987 in Mostar) is a professional Bosnian football player currently playing in Premier League club Široki Brijeg.	Vlado Zadro	Mostar
place of birth	Heiki Trolla (born 10 August 1970 in Võru), better known by his artist name Navitrolla, is an Estonian painter whose work has been described as naivist or surrealist.	Navitrolla	Võru
place of birth	Francesco Remotti (Pozzolo Formigaro 6 June 1943) is an Italian anthropologist.	Francesco Remotti	Pozzolo Formigaro
place of birth	Zhora Hovhannisyan (Armenian: Ժորա Հովհաննիսյան, born 16 April 1987 in Yerevan) is an Armenian football.	Zhora Hovhannisyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Florian Weber (born November 20, 1977 in Detmold) is a German pianist and composer of modern jazz.	Florian Weber	Detmold
place of birth	Madison Phil Senini (born April 23, 1953 in Burley, Idaho), professionally known as M. Phil Senini, is an American actor, screenwriter and production associate.	M. Phil Senini	Burley
place of birth	Ira Baldwin was born in 1895 on a 40-acre (160,000 m2) farm in Indiana.	Ira Baldwin	Indiana
place of birth	Phạm Duy was born Phạm Duy Cẩn, on October 5, 1921, in Hanoi.	Phạm Duy	Hanoi
place of birth	Haydar Zorlu (born May 4, 1967 in Karlıova) is a Turkish-German actor.	Haydar Zorlu	Karlıova
place of birth	Serhat Koç (born 18 July 1990 in Eindhoven) is a Dutch former professional footballer who currently plays for Belgian Third Division side Cappellen FC.	Serhat Koç	Eindhoven
place of birth	Marco Mazzi (born May 5, 1980) is an Italian writer, art theorist and photographer living and working in Tokyo, Florence, and Tirana.	Marco Mazzi	Florence
place of birth	Soumia Bahri or just Soumia (born August 27, 1977, in Saint-Mandé, Val-de-Marne) is a French Zouk singer.	Soumia	Saint-Mandé
place of birth	Darío Husaín (born May 2, 1976 in Haedo, Buenos Aires Province) is an Argentine footballer currently is a free agent.	Darío Husaín	Haedo
place of birth	Frédéric Bolley (born February 17, 1974 in Marseille) is a French former two-time motocross world champion.	Frédéric Bolley	Marseille
place of birth	Amir Reza Khadem Azghadi (Persian: امیررضا خادم ازغدی‎‎, born February 10, 1970 in Mashhad) is an Iranian wrestler who won Olympic bronze medals in 1992 and 1996.	Amir Reza Khadem	Mashhad
place of birth	Ashley Way (born 16 December 1971) is a film and television director born in Cardiff, Wales, in 1971.	Ashley Way	Cardiff
place of birth	Nguyễn Hoài Anh (born 10 March 1993) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for TP.Hồ Chí Minh, on loan from Than Quảng Ninh, and the Vietnamese national team.	Nguyễn Hoài Anh	Quảng Ninh
place of birth	Bence Iszlai (born 29 May 1989 in Veszprém) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays in Szombathelyi Haladás in the Hungarian national Championship.	Bence Iszlai	Veszprém
place of birth	Jeremy Sheffield (born 17 March 1966) is a British actor and former professional ballet dancer from Chelmsford, England.	Jeremy Sheffield	Chelmsford
place of birth	Cédric Moukouri Mambingo, known as Cédric Moukouri (born October 29, 1979 in Gonesse, Val-d'Oise) is a French football player who plays in Réunion for Saint-Pauloise.	Cédric Moukouri	Gonesse
place of birth	François Wahl was editor at the Éditions du Seuil, a publishing company in Paris.	François Wahl	Paris
place of birth	Etienne Girardot (22 February 1856 -- 10 November 1939) was a diminutive stage and film actor of Anglo-French parentage born in London, England.	Etienne Girardot	London
place of birth	Jonathan Manzi (born 1991, Beverly, Massachusetts), an American entrepreneur, is known as the youngest person in history to attain a net worth exceeding $1 million via industry, doing so at the age of 16.	Jonathan Manzi	Beverly
place of birth	Arkadiusz Sojka (born June 9, 1980 in Krosno Odrzańskie) is a former Polish footballer.	Arkadiusz Sojka	Krosno Odrzańskie
place of birth	Teresa Ann Savoy, FRSA (b. 18 July 1955 in London) is a British-born actress.	Teresa Ann Savoy	London
place of birth	Perizonius (or Accinctus) was the name of Jakob Voorbroek (October 26, 1651 -- April 6, 1715), a Dutch classical scholar, who was born at Appingedam in Groningen.	Perizonius	Appingedam
place of birth	Robert Hayden was born Asa Bundy Sheffey in (Detroit, Michigan), to Ruth and Asa Sheffey (who separated before his birth).	Robert Hayden	Detroit
place of birth	Matthew Bogusz (born November 14, 1986) is the Mayor of Des Plaines, Illinois, having begun his term of office in May 2013.	Matthew Bogusz	Des Plaines
place of birth	Franklin Fernandes, better known as Frank Fernand (3 May 1919 -- 1 April 2007), born in Curchorem, Goa, was a renowned film maker and musician and is remembered for his epoch making Konkani movies like Amchem Noxib (Our luck) and Nirmonn (Destiny).	Frank Fernand	Curchorem
place of birth	Ottavio Vannini (September 15, 1585 -- c. 1643) was an Italian artist of the Baroque period, active mainly in Florence.	Ottavio Vannini	Florence
place of birth	Markus Merk (born March 15, 1962 in Kaiserslautern) is a former top-level German football referee.	Markus Merk	Kaiserslautern
place of birth	Alexander Stirling Calder (January 11, 1870 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- January 7, 1945) was an American sculptor and teacher.	Alexander Stirling Calder	Philadelphia
place of birth	Luis Enrique Sam Colop or Sam-Colop (born in Cantel, 1955, died July 15, 2011) was a Guatemalan/Native American linguist, lawyer, poet, writer, newspaper columnist, promoter of the K'iche' language, and social activist.	Luis Enrique Sam Colop	Cantel
place of birth	Andrew Lau Wai-Keung (born 4 April 1960) is a Hong Kong film director, cinematographer and producer.	Andrew Lau	Hong Kong
place of birth	Júlio José de Pinho Isidro do Carmo ComIH (born 5 January 1945 in Lisbon), better known as Júlio Isidro is a Portuguese television presenter, radio announcer and entertainer.	Júlio Isidro	Lisbon
place of birth	Tommy Kinsella (born 1941 in Dublin, died 6 February 2009) was an Irish soccer player who played in the League of Ireland during the 1960s.	Tommy Kinsella	Dublin
place of birth	Madiou Konate (born 12 January 1982 in Dakar) is a Senegalese football striker who is playing for Strømmen in 1.	Madiou Konate	Dakar
place of birth	Anna Orlova (born August 23, 1972 in Riga) is a retired Latvian luger who competed at six Winter Olympics between 1992 and 2010.	Anna Orlova	Riga
place of birth	Roland Bondonny (May 1932, Meymac -- February 2005) was a wealthy vintner and conservative politician who lived in France, in Égletons in Corrèze and also in Fourmies in Nord.	Roland Bondonny	Meymac
place of birth	Florin Zamfirescu (born 12 April 1949, Călimănești, Vâlcea County) is a Romanian theatre and film actor and director.	Florin Zamfirescu	Călimănești
place of birth	David Guido Pietroni (born 9 March 1970 in Genoa) is an Italian artistic producer.	David Guido Pietroni	Genoa
place of birth	Patti Reynolds (born May 28, 1948 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American model and actress who was Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month for its September 1965 issue (at the age of 17).	Patti Reynolds	Chicago
place of birth	Born in Hefei as Duan Qirui (段啟瑞), his courtesy name was Zhiquan (芝泉).	Duan Qirui	Hefei
place of birth	Winnie Holzman (born 1954; New York City) is an American dramatist, screenwriter and poet.	Winnie Holzman	New York City
place of birth	Allan Russell (born 13 December 1980 in Glasgow) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Orange County Blues in the American USL Pro division.	Allan Russell	Glasgow
place of birth	Ariel Olivetti (born November 15, 1967 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine comic book penciller best known for his work on American comic book titles such as Daredevil, X-Man, Space Ghost and Punisher War Journal.	Ariel Olivetti	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Alexander Rondón Heredia (born August 30, 1977 in Cumaná) is a football manager and Venezuelan football striker.	Alexander Rondón	Cumaná
place of birth	Annett Böhm (born 8 August 1980 in Meerane, Saxony) is a German Judoka.	Annett Böhm	Meerane
place of birth	Laura Boccanera (born September 13, 1961 in Rome), is an Italian voice actress.	Laura Boccanera	Rome
place of birth	Dan Schreiber (born June 30, 1985) is an American pro gamer and poker player from Troy, Ohio.	Dan Schreiber	Troy
place of birth	Brunhilde Hendrix (2 August 1938 in Langenzenn -- 28 November 1995 in Sachsen bei Ansbach) is a West German athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres.	Brunhilde Hendrix	Langenzenn
place of birth	Born in Berlin, Walter Gropius was the third child of Walter Adolph Gropius and Manon Auguste Pauline Scharnweber (1855--1933).	Walter Gropius	Berlin
place of birth	Peter McPherson (born 18 June 1984 in Newcastle, New South Wales) is an Australian footballer who plays for National Premier Leagues side Lambton Jaffas FC.	Peter McPherson	Newcastle
place of birth	Charnett Moffett attended Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in New York City and later studied at Mannes College of Music and the Juilliard School of Music.	Charnett Moffett	New York City
place of birth	Rear Admiral Alan T. Baker, USN, born in Santa Ana, CA, 1956, is a retired American Navy officer who served as the 16th Chaplain of the United States Marine Corps from 2006 to 2009.	Alan T. Baker	Santa Ana
place of birth	Ginuwine was born on October 15, 1970 in Washington, D.C. He is named after NBA legend Elgin Baylor, who is also a Washington native.	Ginuwine	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Joseph Chaumié was born in Agen, Lot-et-Garonne, into a family of modest means.	Joseph Chaumié	Agen
place of birth	Moké Kajima (born June 3, 1974 in Kinshasa, Zaire) is a football player from the Congo.	Moké Kajima	Kinshasa
place of birth	Stanislava Nopova (born May 26, 1953 Zlín) is a Czech author, poet and publisher.	Stanislava Nopova	Zlín
place of birth	The son of Commodore Byron McCandless (1881--1967), Bruce McCandless was born on August 12, 1911, in Washington, D.C..	Bruce McCandless	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Benjamin Anderson was born in Columbia, Missouri to Benjamin McLean Anderson, a businessman and a politician.	Benjamin Anderson	Columbia
place of birth	Wendy Hall was born in west London and educated at Ealing Grammar School for Girls.	Wendy Hall	London
place of birth	Aulus Caecina Alienus, Roman general, was born in Vicetia (modern Vicenza).	Aulus Caecina Alienus	Vicenza
place of birth	Dona Massin (born 18 February 1917 in Winnipeg, Canada -- 26 May 2001) was a film choreographer best known for her work on The Wizard of Oz. Dona Massin appeared in over 100 films throughout her career.	Dona Massin	Winnipeg
place of birth	Sardar Sherbaz Khan Mazari (born 6 October 1930) is a prominent Pakistani politician and the former leader of the opposition in the National Assembly hailing from the Baloch, Mazari tribe situated in Rojhan-Mazari.	Sherbaz Khan Mazari	Rojhan
place of birth	In 1820, Charles Henry Hardin was born to Charles and Hannah Jewell Hardin in Trimble County, Kentucky.	Charles Henry Hardin	Trimble County
place of birth	Mel Wesson was born and raised in London, despite numerous efforts to persuade him to follow a more conventional musical path he gravitated towards the synthesizer as his instrument of choice.	Mel Wesson	London
place of birth	Bjarte Engen Vik (born March 3, 1971 in Tromsø) is a former Norwegian nordic combined athlete.	Bjarte Engen Vik	Tromsø
place of birth	Alice Hoffman was born in New York City and raised on Long Island, New York.	Alice Hoffman	New York City
place of birth	Jan George Freezen or Johann Georg Freesen, a portrait painter, was born in Palts, near Heidelberg, in 1701.	Jan George Freezen	Heidelberg
place of birth	Ioannis Paleokrassas (Greek: Ιωάννης Παλαιοκρασσάς) (born 27 March 1934 in Athens)ˡ is a Greek politician.	Ioannis Paleokrassas	Athens
place of birth	Luis Álvarez de Cervera, (born 23 July 1947 in Madrid) is a Spanish equestrian who competed at six Olympic Games between 1972 and 1996.	Luis Álvarez de Cervera	Madrid
place of birth	Ted Forrest (born September 24, 1964 in Syracuse, New York) is an American professional poker player, currently residing in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Ted Forrest	Syracuse
place of birth	Ilija Trojanow (Bulgarian: Илия Троянов, also transliterated as Iliya Troyanov; born August 23, 1965 in Sofia), is a Bulgarian--	Ilija Trojanow	Sofia
place of birth	Sher Shah Suri was born as Farid Khan in the present day place Sasaram State Bihar India.	Sher Shah Suri	Sasaram
place of birth	Cerstin Schmidt (born 5 March 1963 in Zwickau, Saxony) is an East German luger who competed during the mid to late 1980s.	Cerstin Schmidt	Zwickau
place of birth	Christopher Ettridge (born 21 February 1948) is an English actor born in Isleworth, United Kingdom .	Christopher Ettridge	Isleworth
place of birth	Erling von Mende (born October 10, 1940) has been professor of Sinology at the FU Berlin since 1983.	Erling von Mende	Berlin
place of birth	Donna Ball (born 1951 in North Georgia, US) is an American writer of over 90 novels, mainly romance novels since 1982, she also signed her novels as Rebecca Flanders, Donna Carlisle and Donna Boyd.	Donna Ball	North Georgia
place of birth	Born Clifford Porter Hall in Cincinnati, Ohio, he began his career touring as a stage actor with roles in productions of The Great Gatsby and Naked in 1926.	Porter Hall	Cincinnati
place of birth	James Edward Petroc Trelawny was born in Worcester but grew up in the Meneage district of the Lizard Peninsula in Cornwall and attended Helston School.	Petroc Trelawny	Worcester
place of birth	P. Ayya Nadar (1905-1982) was an Indian entrepreneur from the southern city of Sivakasi in Tamil Nadu.	Ayya Nadar	Sivakasi
place of birth	Paolo Schianchi (born 22 January 1966 in Parma), is an Italian architect and designer.	Paolo Schianchi	Parma
place of birth	Barbora Závadová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbarbora ˈzaːvadovaː); born January 23, 1993) is a Czech swimmer from Ostrava.	Barbora Závadová	Ostrava
place of birth	Stephen Willats (born London, 1943) is a British artist.	Stephen Willats	London
place of birth	Norman Beaker (born 21 June 1950 in Manchester) is an English blues guitarist, vocalist, songwriter, band leader and record producer, who has been involved in the British blues scene since the early 1970s.	Norman Beaker	Manchester
place of birth	Claire Burch (1925 in Brooklyn, New York -- May 21, 2009) was an American author, filmmaker and poet.	Claire Burch	Brooklyn
place of birth	Alexis Elizalde Estévez (born July 19, 1967 in Havana) is a Cuban retired discus thrower.	Alexis Elizalde	Havana
place of birth	Marcus Wesson was born in Kansas to Benjamin and Carrie Wesson and raised as a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church.	Marcus Wesson	Kansas
place of birth	Thomas Dudley was born in Yardley Hastings, a village near Northampton, England, on 12 October 1576, to Roger and Susanna (Thorne) Dudley.	Thomas Dudley	Northampton
place of birth	Éric Chavot (born Arcachon) is a French Michelin starred chef.	Éric Chavot	Arcachon
place of birth	Hagen Melzer (born 16 June 1959 in Bautzen) is a former (East) German middle and long distance runner who specialized in the 3000 m steeplechase.	Hagen Melzer	Bautzen
place of birth	Bruno Campanella (born January 6, 1943, Bari) is an Italian conductor and a distinguished interpreter of the Italian Opera.	Bruno Campanella	Bari
place of birth	Bilal Skaf (Arabic: بلال سكاف‎) (born 14 September 1981 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian serial gang rapist who led groups of Lebanese Australian men who committed gang rape attacks against women in Sydney in 2000.	Bilal Skaf	Sydney
place of birth	Ghislain Anselmini (born 6 May 1970 in Le Coteau, Loire) is a French former professional footballer who played as a left-sided defender.	Ghislain Anselmini	Le Coteau
place of birth	Mario Corso, nicknamed Mariolino (born August 25, 1941 in Verona), is an Italian former football player and coach.	Mario Corso	Verona
place of birth	Brian Christian (born 1984 in Wilmington, Delaware) is an American author and poet, best known for his book The Most Human Human.	Brian Christian	Wilmington
place of birth	Tamer Yiğit (born Tamer Özyiğitoğlu in 1942 in Balıkesir) is a Turkish actor.	Tamer Yiğit	Balıkesir
place of birth	Frank von Zerneck (born 1940 in New York City) is an American television producer.	Frank von Zerneck	New York City
place of birth	Andrei Sidorenkov (born 12 February 1984) is an Estonian professional footballer, who is currently playing for Kalev Sillamäe.	Andrei Sidorenkov	Sillamäe
place of birth	Jeremy Lopez (born 9 July 1989) is an Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Manchester 62 and the Gibraltar national team, where he plays as a right winger.	Jeremy Lopez	Gibraltar
place of birth	Rory Dames is an American soccer manager and currently head coach of the Chicago Red Stars.	Rory Dames	Chicago
place of birth	Maurício José da Silveira Júnior (born in São José dos Campos, October 21, 1988) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Zenit in the Russian Premier League.	Maurício José da Silveira Júnior	São José dos Campos
place of birth	Mamadou Bagayoko (born 21 May 1979 in Paris) is a French-born Malian international football striker.	Mamadou Bagayoko	Paris
place of birth	Simon Weatherstone (born 26 January 1980 in Reading, Berkshire, England) is a former English footballer, who last played for Eastbourne Borough in the Conference National.	Simon Weatherstone	Reading
place of birth	June Hunt (born Ruth June Hunt on December 31, 1944, in Dallas, Texas) is Founder and CSO (Chief Servant Officer) of Hope For The Heart, the nonprofit ministry she founded in 1986.	June Hunt	Dallas
place of birth	Obren Joksimović (Обрен Јоксимовић, born 15 May 1954 in Očevlje, PR Bosnia-Herzegovina, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian politician and former Minister of Health.	Obren Joksimović	Očevlje
place of birth	Haldane Duncan (born 25 July 1940, Edinburgh, Scotland) is a television producer and director, best known for his contributions to soap operas.	Haldane Duncan	Edinburgh
place of birth	Stanislav Zvolenský was born in Trnava, and was ordained to the priesthood by Bishop Julius Gábriš on June 13, 1982.	Stanislav Zvolenský	Trnava
place of birth	Damian Gorawski (born January 4, 1979 in Ruda Śląska) is a retired Polish footballer who played as a right winger.	Damian Gorawski	Ruda Śląska
place of birth	Rob Greenfield was born and raised in Ashland, Wisconsin where he was raised by a single mother, along with his three siblings.	Rob Greenfield	Ashland
place of birth	Jolán Kleiber-Kontsek (née Kontsek; born August 29, 1939 in Budapest) is a Hungarian athlete who mainly competed in the discus throw event during her career.	Jolán Kleiber-Kontsek	Budapest
place of birth	Kyohei Iwasaki (岩崎 恭平, born April 4, 1986 in Atsugi, Kanagawa Prefecture) is a Japanese professional baseball second baseman.	Kyohei Iwasaki	Atsugi
place of birth	Bojan Đorđević (Serbian Cyrillic: Бojaн Ђopђeвић; born April 5, 1984 in Niš) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays for Radnički Niš in Serbian SuperLiga.	Bojan Đorđević	Niš
place of birth	Nikita Eskov (Russian: Никита Еськов; born 23 January 1983 in Saint Petersburg) is a Russian professional racing cyclist, currently riding for UCI Professional Continental Team RusVelo.	Nikita Eskov	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Roy Montrell (27 February 1928 -- 16 March 1979) was an American rhythm & blues guitarist who performed on hundreds of records produced in New Orleans .	Roy Montrell	New Orleans
place of birth	Takeda Nobuzane (武田信実) more commonly known as Kawakubo Nobuzane (河窪 信実) (died 29 June 1575) was a younger half-brother of Takeda Shingen, a preeminent daimyo (feudal lord) who vied for the control of Japan in the late stage of Sengoku, the ``warring states'' period.	Takeda Nobuzane	Japan
place of birth	Igor Levit (Russian: Игорь Левит), born 1987 in Gorky (now Nizhny Novgorod) is a Russian-German pianist.	Igor Levit	Nizhny Novgorod
place of birth	Naunton Wayne (22 June 1901 -- 17 November 1970), was a British character actor, born Henry Wayne Davies in Llanwonno, Glamorgan, Wales.	Naunton Wayne	Wales
place of birth	Charles Edward Cook, Jr., known as Charlie Cook (born Shreveport, Louisiana November 20, 1953), is an American political analyst who specializes in election forecasts and political trends.	Charlie Cook	Shreveport
place of birth	Jim Parsons was born at St. Joseph Hospital in Houston, Texas, and was raised in one of its northern suburbs, Spring.	Jim Parsons	Houston
place of birth	Mayo Thompson (born February 26, 1944 in Houston, Texas) is an American musician and visual artist best known as the leader of the avant-garde rock band Red Crayola (Krayola).	Mayo Thompson	Houston
place of birth	Jeanne Sagan is a musician from Springfield, Massachusetts, best known as the former bassist and backing vocalist for the heavy metal-metalcore band All That Remains from 2006 to 2015 and now with Crossing Rubicon!	Jeanne Sagan	Springfield
place of birth	Julián Apezteguia (born March 3, 1974 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine film cinematographer.	Julián Apezteguia	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Lionel Crabb was born in 1909 to Hugh and Beatrice Crabb of Streatham, south-west London.	Lionel Crabb	London
place of birth	Ezra Sims (January 16, 1928 in Birmingham, Alabama -- January 30, 2015 in Boston, Massachusetts) is one of the pioneers in the field of microtonal composition.	Ezra Sims	Birmingham
place of birth	István Urbányi (born 17 April 1967 in Salgótarján) is a Hungarian former football player and coach, who currently serves as the manager of the Maldives national football team.	István Urbányi	Salgótarján
place of birth	Dave Zeltserman is an American novelist, born in Boston, Massachusetts on 23 May 1959.	Dave Zeltserman	Boston
place of birth	Erika Brown (born January 25, 1973 in Madison, Wisconsin) is an American curler, currently residing in Oakville, Ontario, Canada.	Erika Brown	Madison
place of birth	Marilyn McCoo was born in Jersey City, New Jersey, to Waymon and Mary McCoo, who were both doctors.	Marilyn McCoo	Jersey City
place of birth	Paul Mariani (born 1940 in New York City) is an American poet and a professor at Boston College.	Paul Mariani	New York City
place of birth	George Charles Haité was born in Bexleyheath, Kent, on 8 June 1855, the second child and eldest son of George Haité senior.	George Charles Haité	Bexleyheath
place of birth	Shane Fontayne (born 10 May 1954, London) is the professional name of English rock guitarist Mick Barakan.	Shane Fontayne	London
place of birth	Sandro Klić is a Croatian football player currently playing with a 4th tier club Borac Bakar in the suburbs of Rijeka.	Sandro Klić	Rijeka
place of birth	Daniel Börtz (born 8 August 1943) is a Swedish composer, born in Hässleholm.	Daniel Börtz	Hässleholm
place of birth	Senthilnathan Jambulingam (born 26 November 1957) is an Indian film director, screenwriter and producer who predominantly works in Tamil cinema, based in Chennai.	Senthilnathan	Chennai
place of birth	Christen Thomesen Sehested (24 August 1664 -- 1736), born in Copenhagen, was son of a lieutenant-colonel, Axel Sehested, and grandson of the King's chancellor Christen Thomesen Sehested, who died in 1657.	Christen Thomesen Sehested	Copenhagen
place of birth	Thomas Heary (born 14 February 1979 in Dublin) is an Irish football player, who last played for Limerick.	Thomas Heary	Dublin
place of birth	Yadollah Samadi (Persian: یدالله صمدی‎‎, was born 1951 in Maragheh, East Azerbaijan) is an Iranian film director.	Yadollah Samadi	Maragheh
place of birth	Meo Abbracciavacca was an Italian poet from Pistoia who died in 1313.	Meo Abbracciavacca	Pistoia
place of birth	Emil Johann Lambert Heinricher (November 14, 1856 -- July 13, 1934) was an Austrian botanist from Laibach (Ljubljana).	Emil Johann Lambert Heinricher	Ljubljana
place of birth	Jamie Borthwick (born 23 June 1994, Barking) is an English actor.	Jamie Borthwick	Barking
place of birth	Adrienne Rich was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the elder of two sisters.	Adrienne Rich	Baltimore
place of birth	Francesco Nullo was born on 1 March 1826 in Bergamo, as a son of Arcangelo and Angelina Magno, a wealthy family of linen traders.	Francesco Nullo	Bergamo
place of birth	Mick Whitnall (born 7 November 1968, Doncaster, Yorkshire) is the English lead guitarist for Pete Doherty's rock band, Babyshambles, replacing former guitarist Patrick Walden.	Mick Whitnall	Doncaster
place of birth	Sayyid Ismail al-Azhari was born in Omdurman, the son of a religious notable.	Ismail al-Azhari	Omdurman
place of birth	Zach Blair (from Sherman, Texas) is the lead guitarist and backing vocalist for Chicago-based melodic hardcore band Rise Against.	Zach Blair	Sherman
place of birth	Edward Oppenheimer (born June 4, 1957, Wichita Falls, Texas) is an award-winning photojournalist based in Moscow, Russia.	Edward Opp	Wichita Falls
place of birth	Michael Showers (born 14 July 1945) is a convicted drug dealer from Liverpool.	Michael Showers	Liverpool
place of birth	Hugues Aufray (born Hugues Jean Marie Auffray on 18 August 1929 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) is a French singer-songwriter and guitarist.	Hugues Aufray	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of birth	Dustin Satloff was born in 1993 in New York City and received his first patent at the age of 10.	Dustin Satloff	New York City
place of birth	Bob van Asperen (born 8 October 1947 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch harpsichordist and early keyboard instrument performer, as well as a conductor.	Bob van Asperen	Amsterdam
place of birth	Xenocrates (/zəˈnɒkrəˌtiːz/; Greek: Ξενοκράτης; c. 396/5 -- 314/3 BC) of Chalcedon was a Greek philosopher, mathematician, and leader (scholarch) of the Platonic Academy from 339/8 to 314/3 BC. His teachings followed those of Plato, which he attempted to define more closely, often with mathematical elements.	Xenocrates	Chalcedon
place of birth	Albert F. Huntt (died 1920) was an architect in Richmond, Virginia.	Albert F. Huntt	Richmond
place of birth	Sven Owe Ohlsson, (born 19 August 1938 in Hälsö) is a Swedish former football player and manager.	Owe Ohlsson	Hälsö
place of birth	Gwenaëlle Butel (born 9 January 1989 in Paris) is a French football player who currently plays for French club Juvisy of the Division 1 Féminine.	Gwenaëlle Butel	Paris
place of birth	Yeung Ching Kwong (Chinese: 楊正光; Jyutping: joeng4 zing3 gwong1, born 7 May 1976 in Hong Kong) is a former Hong Kong professional football player.	Yeung Ching Kwong	Hong Kong
place of birth	Luigi Ferri (June 15, 1826 -- 1895), Italian philosopher, was born at Bologna.	Luigi Ferri	Bologna
place of birth	The son of a Corsican woman who had married General Joseph Mordrelle (died in 1942), Olier Mordrel was born in Paris and spent most of his childhood there (paradoxically, the place where he also learned Breton).	Olier Mordrel	Paris
place of birth	Levon Hayrapetyan (Armenian: Լևոն Հայրապետյան, born 17 April 1989 in Yerevan), also known as Levon Hairapetian, is an Armenian football player who currently plays defender for the Armenian national team and the Armenian Premier League club FC Pyunik.	Levon Hayrapetyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Bartolomeo Altomonte, also known as Bartholomäus Hohenberg (24 February 1694 in Warsaw -- 11 November 1783 in Sankt Florian), was an Austrian baroque painter who specialized in large scale frescoes.	Bartolomeo Altomonte	Warsaw
place of birth	Jag de Bellouet (born in Argentan, France, on May 17, 1997) is a French former racing trotter by Viking's Way out of Vaunoise by Nicos du Vivier.	Jag de Bellouet	Argentan
place of birth	Herrmann Julius Meyer (April 4, 1826 -- March 12, 1909) was a German publisher born in Gotha.	Herrmann Julius Meyer	Gotha
place of birth	Katherine Sarafian, the middle of three children, was raised in San Leandro, California, by her Armenian mother Alice, active in San Leandro civic affairs, and Armenian father Richard Sarafian, a pastor of the Saint Vartan Armenian Church of Oakland who died in 2009.	Katherine Sarafian	San Leandro
place of birth	Jože Vidmar (born February 27, 1963 in Ljubljana) is a Yugoslav-born, Slovenian slalom canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s.	Jože Vidmar	Ljubljana
place of birth	Steve Mocco (born December 28, 1981) is an American amateur wrestler and mixed martial artist originally from North Bergen, New Jersey.	Steve Mocco	North Bergen
place of birth	Maung Maung Gyi (Burmese: မောင်မောင်ကြီး, pronounced: (màʊɴ màʊɴ dʑí); 1890--1942) was an early watercolor painter from Yangon and the first Burmese to travel abroad for studies in Western painting.	Maung Maung Gyi	Yangon
place of birth	Christina Pluhar (Graz, 1965) is an Austrian theorbist, conductor, and leader of L'Arpeggiata ensemble.	Christina Pluhar	Graz
place of birth	Erich Olboeter was born on 26 July 1917, in Eberswalde near Berlin.	Erich Olboeter	Eberswalde
place of birth	Alexandru Penciu (born Bucharest, 1 November 1932) is a former Romanian rugby union player and coach whose role was fullback.	Alexandru Penciu	Bucharest
place of birth	Vincent Okamoto (born November 22, 1943 in Poston, Arizona) is a former U.S. Army officer.	Vincent Okamoto	Poston
place of birth	Michael Brunson OBE (born 12 August 1940 in Norwich) is a British broadcasting political journalist of over thirty years' standing.	Michael Brunson	Norwich
place of birth	Davide Borin (born 8 January 1989 in Turin) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team A.S. Pro Belvedere Vercelli on loan from Juventus F.C.	Davide Borin	Turin
place of birth	Klaas Rusticus (Sneek, October 25, 1942) is a Dutch author and television and film director.	Klaas Rusticus	Sneek
place of birth	Ainett Stephens (born 28 January 1982 in Caracas) is a Venezuelan, Supermodel and television personality.	Ainett Stephens	Caracas
place of birth	Born Ina Rosenberg to a Jewish family in Brooklyn, Ina Balin first appeared on television on The Perry Como Show.	Ina Balin	Brooklyn
place of birth	Jorge Gestoso is an Uruguayan journalist who was born in Montevideo.	Jorge Gestoso	Montevideo
place of birth	Dimitar Todorov (Bulgarian: Димитър Тодоров) (born 15 September 1957) is a Bulgarian former football player and the current football manager of Vidima-Rakovski Sevlievo.	Dimitar Todorov	Sevlievo
place of birth	Jean-Luc Vandenbroucke (born 31 May 1955 in Mouscron) is a Belgian former road bicycle racer, track cyclist and directeur sportif.	Jean-Luc Vandenbroucke	Mouscron
place of birth	Tim Reichert (born 9 October 1979 in Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German professional football player for Sportfreunde Siegen and co-founder of the SK Gaming e-sports clan.	Tim Reichert	Essen
place of birth	Michael E. Pegram (born February 16, 1952 in Fort Knox, Kentucky) is the co-owner of the 2010 Preakness Stakes winner Lookin at Lucky and owner of the 1998 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes winner Real Quiet.	Michael E. Pegram	Fort Knox
place of birth	Henry Kulky (August 11, 1911 -- February 12, 1965) was an American actor and former professional wrestler from Hastings-on-Hudson, New York, probably best remembered as Chief Petty Officer Curly Jones from season 1 of Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea.	Henry Kulky	Hastings-on-Hudson, New York
place of birth	Fabio Paratici (born July 13, 1972 in Borgonovo Val Tidone) is an Italian former football player, currently working in the role of Sporting Director for Italian club Juventus.	Fabio Paratici	Borgonovo Val Tidone
place of birth	Arny Freeman (August 28, 1908 --February 13, 1986) was a Chicago-born American character actor.	Arny Freeman	Chicago
place of birth	Eddy Heurlié (born 27 December 1977 in Le Lamentin) is a Martiniquais footballer who currently plays for lower league outfit CS Bélimois in Martinique.	Eddy Heurlié	Le Lamentin
place of birth	Roberto Gallina (born January 4, 1940 in La Spezia) is a former Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and racing team owner.	Roberto Gallina	La Spezia
place of birth	Virginia Cherrill was born on a farm in rural Carthage, Illinois, to James E. and Blanche (née Wilcox) Cherrill.	Virginia Cherrill	Carthage
place of birth	In his 1519/20 Psalter, Vuković had signed himself as ``Božidar Vuković of the Đurići, of Podgorica'' (Serbian: Божидар Вуковић од Ђурића, Подгоричанин).	Božidar Vuković	Podgorica
place of birth	Born in Dublin in 1925, Eamonn Boyce was working as a CIÉ Bus Conductor when he was first recruited by the Irish Republican Army in 1953.	Eamonn Boyce	Dublin
place of birth	James Oseland (born February 9, 1963 in Mountain View, California) is an American food writer and magazine editor who lives part-time in Manhattan and part-time in Emmaus, Pennsylvania.	James Oseland	Mountain View
place of birth	Michael V. Smith is a Canadian novelist, poet and filmmaker, originally from Cornwall, Ontario and now living in Kelowna, British Columbia.	Michael V. Smith	Cornwall
place of birth	Friedrich Christian Meuschen (September 15, 1719 - February 20, 1811) was a German diplomat and conchologist born in Hanau.	Friedrich Christian Meuschen	Hanau
place of birth	Peter Berresford Ellis (born 10 March 1943 in Coventry) is a historian, literary biographer, and novelist who has published over 98 books to date either under his own name or his pseudonyms Peter Tremayne and Peter MacAlan.	Peter Berresford Ellis	Coventry
place of birth	Gabriel Beauchesne-Sévigny (born December 11, 1984, in Montreal) is a Canadian sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s.	Gabriel Beauchesne-Sévigny	Montreal
place of birth	Fábio Souza de Oliveira or simply Fábio (born March 14, 1984 in Campo Grande), is a Brazilian striker who plays for Goiás.	Fábio Souza de Oliveira	Campo Grande
place of birth	Sytse Dekama (as well as his successor Gale Hania from Weidum, chosen around 1397) was the twelfth potestaat (or magistrate ruler) of Friesland, which was in the time of the religious disputes between Schieringers and Vetkopers.	Sytse Dekama	Weidum
place of birth	Claude Lévi-Strauss was born to French Jewish parents who were living in Brussels at the time, where his father was working as a portrait painter.	Claude Lévi-Strauss	Brussels
place of birth	Kirk Acevedo's parents were both born in New York City, and lived in Brooklyn where both their sons, Richard and Kirk Acevedo, were born.	Kirk Acevedo	New York City
place of birth	Paul Attanasio was born in The Bronx, New York City, the son of Connie, a real estate broker, and Joseph Attanasio, a commercial consultant.	Paul Attanasio	New York City
place of birth	Antonio del Ceraiolo (also known as Antonio di Arcangelo) was an Italian painter, active in Florence in a Renaissance style, between 1520 and 1538.	Antonio del Ceraiolo	Florence
place of birth	Michael Doeberl (15 January 1861, Waldsassen -- 24 March 1928, Partenkirchen) was a German historian who specialized in Bavarian history.	Michael Doeberl	Waldsassen
place of birth	Harry Boland was born in Phibsborough, Dublin on 27 April 1887, the son of Irish Republican Brotherhood member James Boland and Kate Woods.	Harry Boland	Phibsborough
place of birth	Mustapha Essaïd (born 20 January 1970 in El Ksiba) is a retired Moroccan-born French runner who specialized in the 5000 metres and cross-country running.	Mustapha Essaïd	El Ksiba
place of birth	Giorgos Bountopoulos (Greek: Γιώργος Μπουντόπουλος), born 27 July 1990 in Pyrgos, is a professional Greek football player, who last played for AE Larissa FC in the Greek Football League as a winger.	Giorgos Bountopoulos	Pyrgos
place of birth	Romish Jalilov (born on 21 November 1995) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for Regar-TadAZ, on loan from FC Istiklol, and the Tajikistan national football team.	Romish Jalilov	Tajikistan
place of birth	Geurt van Beuningen (1565--1633) was the son of a cheese-dealer, mayor of Amsterdam and administrator of the Dutch East India Company (VOC).	Geurt van Beuningen	Amsterdam
place of birth	Rostislaw Wygranienko (born 1978 in Simferopol, Ukraine) is a Polish concert organist, pianist and musicologist of Ukrainian origin.	Rostislaw Wygranienko	Simferopol
place of birth	Cory Bernardi (born 6 November 1969, Adelaide) is an Australian politician and the author of The Conservative Revolution.	Cory Bernardi	Adelaide
place of birth	Claire Falconer (born Enniskillen, Northern Ireland) is an Irish actress and painter who currently works in Ireland, Italy and United States.	Claire Falconer	Enniskillen
place of birth	Kari Ukkonen (born 19 February 1961 in Kuopio) is a Finnish former football player and current football manager.	Kari Ukkonen	Kuopio
place of birth	Louis Armand was born in Cruseilles, Haute-Savoie, and studied in Annecy and Lyon at the Lycée du Parc.	Louis Armand	Cruseilles
place of birth	Merete Myklebust (born May 16, 1973 in Ålesund) is a former Norwegian footballer, world champion and olympic medalist.	Merete Myklebust	Ålesund
place of birth	Dylan Verrechia (born March 9, 1976 in Paris) is a French-Danish-American filmmaker.	Dylan Verrechia	Paris
place of birth	John Philoponus (/fᵻˈlɒpənəs/; Ἰωάννης ὁ Φιλόπονος; c. 490 -- c. 570), also known as John the Grammarian or John of Alexandria, was an Alexandrian philologist, Aristotelian commentator and Christian theologian, author of a considerable number of philosophical treatises and theological works.	John Philoponus	Alexandria
place of birth	Martha Wilson (born 1947 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American feminist performance artist and the founding director of Franklin Furnace art organization.	Martha Wilson	Philadelphia
place of birth	Jaroslav Krček was born in Čtyři Dvory near České Budějovice in southern Bohemia.	Jaroslav Krček	České Budějovice
place of birth	Hermes of Philippopolis was one of the Seventy Disciples and was bishop in Philippopolis in Thrace (today's Plovdiv, Bulgaria).	Hermes of Philippopolis	Plovdiv
place of birth	King Size Dick (born December 29, 1942 in Cologne; his real name is Heinz Ganss) is a German Rock music singer, who mainly sings in the Colognian language.	King Size Dick	Cologne
place of birth	Gianluca Floris (born 1964 in Cagliari) is an Italian writer and belcanto singer.	Gianluca Floris	Cagliari
place of birth	Arvid Hanssen (28 July 1932, Lenvik -- 31 July 1998) was a Norwegian journalist, newspaper editor, poet, novelist and children's writer.	Arvid Hanssen	Lenvik
place of birth	George Dolenz (born Jure Dolenc; a.k.a. Giorgio Dolenz and George Dolentz; 5 January 1908 -- 8 February 1963) was an American film actor born in Trieste (then part of Austria-Hungary, now in Italy), in the city's Slovene community.	George Dolenz	Trieste
place of birth	Larry Darnell (born Leo Edward Donald; December 21, 1928, Columbus, Ohio -- July 3, 1983, Columbus) was a successful American singer who was instrumental in the formation of the New Orleans style of R&B in the late 1940s and early 1950s.	Larry Darnell	Columbus
place of birth	Zulmai Tufan was a major aligned with Ittihad-i Islami and Abdul Rasul Sayyaf and a major power in the area around Kabul, Afghanistan.	Zulmai Tufan	Afghanistan
place of birth	Carter Glass (January 4, 1858 -- May 28, 1946) was a newspaper publisher and politician from Lynchburg, Virginia.	Carter Glass	Lynchburg
place of birth	Pavel Volya (born March 14, 1979 in Penza) is a Russian TV host, actor and singer.	Pavel Volya	Penza
place of birth	Ángel Gallardo (19 November 1867, Buenos Aires -- 13 May 1934, Buenos Aires) was an Argentine civil engineer, natural scientist and politician.	Ángel Gallardo	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Bernard Barrera (born 4 February 1962 in Marseille) is a general from the French Army.	Bernard Barrera	Marseille
place of birth	Hostos (birth name: Eugenio María de Hostos y de Bonilla) was born into a well-to-do family in Barrio ``Río Cañas'' of Mayagüez, Puerto Rico.	Eugenio María de Hostos	Mayagüez
place of birth	Istvan Szil (born 1961, Dombovar, Hungary) is a visual artist who lives and works in New York City under various pseudonyms, e.g., Istvan Szili, Istvan Szilasi., crossingthetsdottingtheis.	Istvan Szil	New York City
place of birth	Alessandro Moreschi was born into a Roman Catholic family in the town of Monte Compatri, near Frascati (Lazio).	Alessandro Moreschi	Monte Compatri
place of birth	Peter Feldmann was born into a Jewish family, in Helmstedt.	Peter Feldmann	Helmstedt
place of birth	Liu Guangbiao (simplified Chinese: 刘广标; traditional Chinese: 劉廣標; pinyin: Liú Guǎngbiāo; Cantonese: Lau4 Yim2 Biu1; born September 5, 1978 in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China) is a Chinese baseball infielder for the Guangdong Leopards.	Liu Guangbiao	Guangzhou
place of birth	Bernd Aldenhoff (14 June 1908 in Duisburg -- 8 October 1959 in München) was a German Heldentenor.	Bernd Aldenhoff	Duisburg
place of birth	Carla Barbarino (Lodi, 16 May 1967) is an Italian former sprinter (400 m) and hurdler (400 m hs).	Carla Barbarino	Lodi
place of birth	Wu Jingui (simplified Chinese: 吴金贵; traditional Chinese: 吳金貴; pinyin: Wú Jīnguì; born January 10, 1961, in Shanghai) is a Chinese football manager.	Wu Jingui	Shanghai
place of birth	Xu Yunlong (simplified Chinese: 徐云龙; traditional Chinese: 徐雲龍; pinyin: Xú Yúnlóng; born 17 February 1979) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League.	Xu Yunlong	Beijing
place of birth	Danka Barteková (19 October 1984 in Trenčín, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak skeet shooter.	Danka Barteková	Trenčín
place of birth	Gianfranco Zigoni (born November 25, 1944 in Oderzo) is an Italian former football forward, who was capable of playing both as a striker, or as a left winger.	Gianfranco Zigoni	Oderzo
place of birth	Avraham Shlonsky was born to a Hasidic family in Kryukovo (Poltava guberniya, now a part of Kremenchuk, Ukraine).	Avraham Shlonsky	Kremenchuk
place of birth	Marinus Heijnes (8 March 1888, Amsterdam - 12 February 1963, De Kaag) was a Dutch impressionist artist who painted in the tradition of the Dutch Hague School.	Marinus Heijnes	Amsterdam
place of birth	Jeff Rich also known as ``Worzel'' (born 8 June 1953, Hackney, London) is an English rock drummer, best known as a former drummer for the English rock band Status Quo.	Jeff Rich	London
place of birth	Mark Winegardner (born November 24, 1961) is an American writer born and raised in Bryan, Ohio.	Mark Winegardner	Bryan
place of birth	Hanna-Elisabeth Müller (born 1985 at Mannheim) is a German Soprano and opera, concert and recital singer.	Hanna-Elisabeth Müller	Mannheim
place of birth	Nikolai Kravkov was born a sixth child in the family of a non-commissioned officer Pavel Alexeyevich Kravkov (1826-1910), who served as a senior clerk in the office of the Chief Enlistment Officer of the Ryazan Governorate.	Nikolai Kravkov	Ryazan
place of birth	Francesco Maselli or Citto Maselli (born 9 December 1930 in Rome) is an Italian film director and screenwriter.	Francesco Maselli	Rome
place of birth	Dionis Bubani was born in Bucharest, Romania, on 18 September 1926, in former ``Turk'' street (renamed later ``Tatra Mountains'').	Dionis Bubani	Bucharest
place of birth	Magdalena Piekarska (born 28 November 1986 in Warsaw) is a Polish fencer.	Magdalena Piekarska	Warsaw
place of birth	Levent Osman (born 8 March 1977 in Melbourne) is an Australian football (soccer) player of Turkish Cypriot descent.	Levent Osman	Melbourne
place of birth	Mike Mentzer was born on November 15, 1951 in Ephrata, Pennsylvania and grew up there.	Mike Mentzer	Pennsylvania
place of birth	He was born Otto Eisler to a Jewish family in Budapest which was then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.	Otto Eis	Budapest
place of birth	Zacharias Kavousakis (Greek: Ζαχαρίας Καβουσάκης, born 11 January 1989 in Heraklion, Crete) is a professional Greek football player.	Zacharias Kavousakis	Heraklion
place of birth	Fernando Monje Vicario (born 7 March 1993 in Barcelona) is a Spanish racing driver who currently competes in the World Touring Car Championship.	Fernando Monje	Barcelona
place of birth	Philipp Lenard was born in Bratislava (Pressburg, Kingdom of Hungary), on 7 June 1862.	Philipp Lenard	Bratislava
place of birth	Ramanand Sagar was born at Asal Guru Ke near Lahore.	Ramanand Sagar	Lahore
place of birth	Zoran Milidrag (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Милидраг, born 29 February 1960 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian football manager and former player.	Zoran Milidrag	Sarajevo
place of birth	Mills Gardner was born in Russellville, Ohio, the son of Seth Gardner, a captain in the War of 1812.	Mills Gardner	Russellville
place of birth	Karen Forkel (September 24, 1970 in Wolfen) is a German track and field athlete and an Olympic medal winner.	Karen Forkel	Wolfen
place of birth	Robert Sycz (born 15 November 1973 in Warsaw) is a Polish rower, and double Olympic Champion.	Robert Sycz	Warsaw
place of birth	Donald Kinsey (born May 12, 1953, Gary, Indiana, United States) is an American guitarist and singer, best known as a member of The Wailers Band, the reggae backing group for Bob Marley & The Wailers.	Donald Kinsey	Gary
place of birth	Thordis Brandt was born in Germany of Norwegian and German parents.	Thordis Brandt	Germany
place of birth	Joan Ramón García Castejón, Elche, (December 17, 1945), known as Joan Castejón (Valencian pronunciation: (ioan castejon)) is a Spanish draftsman, painter and sculptor, considered one of the leading representatives of social realism in the Spanish postwar plastic renewal.	Joan Castejón	Elche
place of birth	Lawrence Lozzano (born July 25, 1970 in Los Angeles, California) is a former U.S. soccer player who earned seven caps with the U.S. national team.	Lawrence Lozzano	Los Angeles
place of birth	Witold Wawrzyczek (born 22 May 1973 in Rybnik) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Polish second-tier side GKS Jastrzębie.	Witold Wawrzyczek	Rybnik
place of birth	Raymond Bruckert (born in Biel/Bienne, Canton of Bern, on November 19, 1935) is an author of Swiss novels, geography textbooks for primary education, as well as other technical and educational publications.	Raymond Bruckert	Biel/Bienne
place of birth	Josef Samek (born November 6, 1957 in Vrchlabí) is a Czechoslovak ski jumper who competed from 1977 to 1984.	Josef Samek	Vrchlabí
place of birth	Xenia Desni (Ukrainian: Ксенія Десні. Russian: Ксения Десни; born 19 January 1894, Kiev - d. 27 June 1962, France) was a silent screen era actress born in the Russian Empire.	Xenia Desni	Kiev
place of birth	John Bridge was born on 5 February 1915 at Culcheth, near Warrington in Lancashire.	John Bridge	Warrington
place of birth	Mallam Yahaya (born 31 December 1974 in Kumasi) is a Ghanaian International footballer who currently plays for Amicitia Viernheim in Germany.	Mallam Yahaya	Kumasi
place of birth	Xia Jin (Chinese: 夏金; born 14 February 1985 in Chongqing) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League One side Guizhou Zhicheng.	Xia Jin	Chongqing
place of birth	Camaldine Abraw (born 15 August 1990 in Lomé) is a Togolese footballer who is currently playing for the Kaizer Chiefs in the South African Premier Soccer League.	Camaldine Abraw	Lomé
place of birth	Diedre Murray (born November 28, 1951, Brooklyn, New York) is an American cellist and composer specializing in jazz, improvised music, opera, and contemporary classical music.	Diedre Murray	Brooklyn
place of birth	Yuriy Dyachuk-Stavytskyi (Ukrainian: Юрій Михайлович Дячук-Ставицький; born January 26, 1947, in Lviv, Ukrainian SSR) is currently a sport-director of FC Karpaty Lviv.	Yuriy Dyachuk-Stavytskyi	Lviv
place of birth	Christine Schürrer (born June 30, 1976 in Hanover) is a German citizen who was convicted of murdering two Swedish children, and seriously injuring their mother with 15 blows to the head with a hammer, after attacking them in their home in Arboga, Sweden, on March 17, 2008.	Christine Schürrer	Hanover
place of birth	Guy Van Waas (Brussels, 1948) is a Belgian conductor, clarinetist and organist.	Guy Van Waas	Brussels
place of birth	Amy M. Homes (pen name A. M. Homes; born December 18, 1961, Washington, D.C.) is an American writer.	A. M. Homes	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Aart Staartjes was born in Nieuwendam, a neighbourhood of Amsterdam-Noord.	Aart Staartjes	Nieuwendam
place of birth	Michele Pasinato (born March 13, 1969 in Cittadella, Province of Padua) is a former Italian volleyball player, who earned a total number of 256 caps for the Men's National Team in the 1990s.	Michele Pasinato	Cittadella
place of birth	Achille Vertunni (Naples, March 1826 --?) was an Italian painter.	Achille Vertunni	Naples
place of birth	Heinrich Fritsch (5 December 1844 -- 12 May 1915) was a German gynecologist and obstetrician who was a native of Halle an der Saale.	Heinrich Fritsch	Halle
place of birth	Peter Cory Pankey, Jr. (born June 22, 1987), better known by his stage name Cory Gunz, is an American rapper from The Bronx, New York City, New York.	Cory Gunz	New York City
place of birth	János Fürst originally studied the violin at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music in his native Budapest.	János Fürst	Budapest
place of birth	Keith Ronald Graf von Rothenburg Kernspecht, better known as Keith R. Kernspecht (born 28 June 1945 in Grömitz), is a German martial artist and entrepreneur.	Keith R. Kernspecht	Grömitz
place of birth	Stephanus Le Roux Marais (born 1896, Bloemfontein district, Orange Free State, South Africa, died 25 May 1979, Graaff-Reinet) was a South African composer.	Stephanus Le Roux Marais	Bloemfontein
place of birth	Marie-Pier Boudreau Gagnon (born March 3, 1983 in Rivière-du-Loup, Quebec) is a Canadian synchronized swimmer and four times Commonwealth Games gold medalist.	Marie-Pier Boudreau Gagnon	Rivière-du-Loup
place of birth	Stanton Forbes (born July 10, 1923) is an American writer, born in Kansas City, Missouri.	Stanton Forbes	Kansas City
place of birth	April Gornik (born 1953, Cleveland, Ohio) is an American artist who paints American landscapes.	April Gornik	Cleveland
place of birth	Tunde Baiyewu was born in London, but moved to Nigeria at the age of five after the death of his father.	Tunde Baiyewu	London
place of birth	Arthur Mannering Tyndall, CBE, FRS, LLD (18 September 1881 -- 29 October 1961) was an English physicist from Bristol, England.	Arthur Mannering Tyndall	Bristol
place of birth	Jacqueline Susann was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Robert Susann, a portrait painter, and Rose Jans, a schoolteacher.	Jacqueline Susann	Philadelphia
place of birth	Georg Hesler was born in Würzburg in 1427, the second son of commoners Hans and Agatha Hesler.	Georg Hesler	Würzburg
place of birth	Laurens de Haan (born January 15, 1937) is a Dutch economist and Emeritus Professor of Probability and Mathematical Statistics at the Erasmus University Rotterdam, specializing in extreme value theory.	Laurens de Haan	Rotterdam
place of birth	Philipp Stölzl, born 1967 in Munich, is a German film director, opera director and screenwriter.	Philipp Stölzl	Munich
place of birth	Abdullah Öcalan was born in Ömerli, a village in Halfeti, Şanlıurfa Province in eastern Turkey.	Abdullah Öcalan	Ömerli
place of birth	Drew Remenda (born April 13, 1962 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian former hockey coach, radio broadcaster, and television hockey analyst.	Drew Remenda	Saskatoon
place of birth	Vagnur Mohr Mortensen (born 10 February 1973) is a Faroese retired footballer who played for HB Tórshavn.	Vagnur Mohr Mortensen	Tórshavn
place of birth	Antonella Bevilacqua (born 15 October 1971 in Foggia) is an Italian high jumper, whose personal best jump was 1.98 metres, achieved in May 1996 in Milan.	Antonella Bevilacqua	Foggia
place of birth	Giovanni Grazioli (Robbio, 9 March 1959) is an Italian sprinter.	Giovanni Grazioli	Robbio
place of birth	Kolohe Andino (born March 22, 1994 in San Clemente, California) is an American surfer.	Kolohe Andino	San Clemente
place of birth	Dustin Yellin (born July 22, 1975 in Los Angeles, California) is a contemporary artist living in Brooklyn, New York.	Dustin Yellin	Los Angeles
place of birth	Zhang Jigang was born in the ancient Chinese city of Yuci located in the Shanxi Province.	Zhang Jigang	Shanxi
place of birth	Elisabeth Mooij, also known as Elisabeth Ghijben (Amsterdam, 1712 -- Amsterdam, 1759), was a Dutch actress.	Elisabeth Mooij	Amsterdam
place of birth	Alex Hunter (27 September 1895 -- January 1984) was a Scottish professional footballer who played for Renfrew Juniors, Queens Park, Tottenham Hotspur, Wigan Borough and New Bedford Whalers.	Alex Hunter	Renfrew
place of birth	Gustav Heinrich Ernst Martin Wilhelm Furtwängler was born in Schöneberg (now a locality of Berlin) into a prominent family.	Wilhelm Furtwängler	Schöneberg
place of birth	Mushaf Ali Mir was born in Lahore, and was one of nine children of a middle class Kashmiri family of Shia Muslim origin.	Mushaf Ali Mir	Lahore
place of birth	Colin Campbell Cooper, Jr. (March 8, 1856 -- November 6, 1937) was an American Impressionist painter, perhaps most renowned for his architectural paintings, especially of skyscrapers in New York City, Philadelphia, and Chicago.	Colin Campbell Cooper	Philadelphia
place of birth	Daddae (born Phillip Harvey, 28 February 1964, London, England) is a British guitarist, percussionist and keyboardist formerly with Soul II Soul.	Daddae	London
place of birth	Naím Thomas Mansilla (born in Premià de Mar, Barcelona, 16 October 1980) is a Spanish singer and actor.	Naím Thomas	Premià de Mar
place of birth	Ernst Strohschneider was born on 6 September 1886 in Aussig an der Elbe (present day Ústí nad Labem), Czech Republic.	Ernst Strohschneider	Ústí nad Labem
place of birth	Zinaida Ignatyeva (Russian: Зинаи́да Игна́тьева; born 1938 in Moscow; also spelled Zinaida Ignatieva) is a Russian pianist.	Zinaida Ignatyeva	Moscow
place of birth	Piero Ceccarini (born October 20, 1953 in Livorno) is a retired Italian football referee.	Piero Ceccarini	Livorno
place of birth	Aida Mohamed (born 12 March 1976 in Budapest) is a Hungarian foil fencer, silver medallist at the 1993 World Championships and team gold medallist at the 2007 European Championships.	Aida Mohamed	Budapest
place of birth	Luis Ovsejevich (Buenos Aires, born September 13, 1941) is an Argentine lawyer and businessman, founder and president of the Konex Foundation, from its creation in 1980.	Luis Ovsejevich	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Lorenzo Bernucci (born 15 September 1979 in Sarzana) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer who is currently serving a suspension.	Lorenzo Bernucci	Sarzana
place of birth	Arthur Portelance (born 19 March 1928 in Montreal, Quebec; died 27 November 2008) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Arthur Portelance	Montreal
place of birth	Davide Esposito is an Italian singer and songwriter from Naples.	Davide Esposito	Naples
place of birth	Oskar Reinhart (11 June 1885 -- 16 September 1965) was a Swiss arts patron and art collector, born in Winterthur.	Oskar Reinhart	Winterthur
place of birth	He was born in Kinloch House, near Collessie in Fife the son of Charles Kinnear a banker in the family firm of Thomas Kinnear & Co. His mother was Christian Jane Greenshields, a rich heiress.	Charles Kinnear	Collessie
place of birth	Oscar Shumsky (March 23, 1917 in Philadelphia -- July 24, 2000 in Rye, New York) was an American violinist and conductor born to Russian-Jewish parents.	Oscar Shumsky	Philadelphia
place of birth	Tony Bignell (born 16 November 1989, Luton, Bedfordshire) is an English actor and singer, best known for playing Matt in BBC Three sitcom Coming of Age.	Tony Bignell	Luton
place of birth	Mark Grimsley (born October 8, 1959, Ahoskie, North Carolina, United States) is an American professor of History at Ohio State University.	Mark Grimsley	Ahoskie, North Carolina
place of birth	Jaromír Jermář (born 2 October 1956 in Prague) is a Czech historian and politician.	Jaromír Jermář	Prague
place of birth	Jill Godmilow was born outside Philadelphia in 1943.	Jill Godmilow	Philadelphia
place of birth	Rudi Vata (born 13 February 1969 in Shkodër) is a former Albanian footballer who played as a defender, and had also a short stint as a manager of Albanian team KS Vllaznia Shkoder.	Rudi Vata	Shkodër
place of birth	Mahmood Abdulrahman (Arabic: محمود عبد الرحمن; born 1984 in Muharraq), also known as Ringo, is a Bahraini footballer.	Mahmood Abdulrahman	Muharraq
place of birth	Jovan Šarčević (Serbian Cyrillic: Joвaн Шapчeвић ; born January 7, 1966 in Zrenjanin) was a retired Serbian football player.	Jovan Šarčević	Zrenjanin
place of birth	Amadou Hampâté Bâ was born to an aristocratic Fula family in Bandiagara, the largest city in Dogon territory and the capital of the precolonial Masina Empire.	Amadou Hampâté Bâ	Bandiagara
place of birth	Daniela Graglia (Fossano, 26 May 1976) is a former Italian sprinter and middle distance runner.	Daniela Graglia	Fossano
place of birth	Helen Fisher Frye (June 24, 1918-November 26, 2014), educator and active churchwoman, was a local leader for civil rights in her hometown of Danville, Kentucky, serving as the president of the Danville chapter of the NAACP.	Helen Fisher Frye	Danville
place of birth	Bogdan Marjanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бoгдaн Mapjaнoвић ; born 3 November 1980 in Ćuprija) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for FK Napredak Kruševac in the Serbian First League.	Bogdan Marjanović	Ćuprija
place of birth	Tommaso de Aleni (early 16th century) (also called Il Fadino), was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active in his native Cremona.	Tommaso de Aleni	Cremona
place of birth	James Atlas (born 1949), Evanston, Illinois the president of Atlas & Company, publishers, and founding editor of the Penguin Lives Series.	James Atlas	Evanston
place of birth	Didier Chrispeels (born 26 February 1958), better known as Crisse, is a Belgian comic-strip artist from Brussels.	Crisse	Brussels
place of birth	Mira Żelechower-Aleksiun (born 26 March 1941 in Millerovo) is a Polish painter of Jewish descent.	Mira Żelechower-Aleksiun	Millerovo
place of birth	Vavřinec Hradilek (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvavr̝ɪnɛts ˈɦraɟɪlɛk); born 10 March 1987 in Zbuzany) is a Czech slalom canoeist who has competed since 1997.	Vavřinec Hradilek	Zbuzany
place of birth	José Manuel Abascal Gómez (born March 17, 1958 in Alceda, Cantabria) was a Spanish 1500 metres runner.	José Manuel Abascal	Alceda
place of birth	Matteo Messina Denaro was born into the Denaro Family (a well-known mafia family) in Castelvetrano in the province of Trapani, Sicily.	Matteo Messina Denaro	Castelvetrano
place of birth	Franz Betz was born in Mainz and trained as a singer in Karlsruhe.	Franz Betz	Mainz
place of birth	Susan Mogul (born 1949) is an American artist primarily known for her work in video art. She also works in photography, installation art, and performance art. Originally from New York City, she currently lives and works in Los Angeles, CA.	Susan Mogul	New York City
place of birth	Yevgeniy Ektov (born 1 September 1986 in Petropavl) is a Kazakhstani track and field athlete who competes in the triple jump.	Yevgeniy Ektov	Petropavl
place of birth	Rajko Janjanin (Serbian Cyrillic: Pajкo Jaњaнин ;born on January 18, 1957 in Karlovac) is a former Croatian-born Serbian football player.	Rajko Janjanin	Karlovac
place of birth	Saint Jutta, T.O.S.F., (English: Judith) or Jutta of Kulmsee or Jutta of Sangerhausen or Jutta of Thuringia was born ca.	Jutta of Kulmsee	Sangerhausen
place of birth	Karel Dujardin was a Dutch painter and etcher, born in Amsterdam in 1622.	Karel Dujardin	Amsterdam
place of birth	Linnea Sinclair (1954, New Jersey, United States) is an American writer of Science Fiction Romance, Fantasy romance and Paranormal romance.	Linnea Sinclair	New Jersey
place of birth	Djamila Boupacha (9 February 1938, Bologhine -) is a former militant from the Algerian National Liberation Front.	Djamila Boupacha	Bologhine
place of birth	Will Weaver, (born William Weller in Park Rapids, Minnesota in 1950), is an American author.	Will Weaver	Park Rapids
place of birth	Servant of God Archbishop Jan Cieplak (born 17 August 1857 in Dąbrowa Górnicza - 17 February 1926 in Passaic, New Jersey) was a Polish Roman Catholic priest and bishop.	Jan Cieplak	Dąbrowa Górnicza
place of birth	Joseph Fort Newton was born in Decatur, Texas, the son of a Baptist minister turned attorney.	Joseph Fort Newton	Decatur
place of birth	Ruben Santiago-Hudson was born in 1956 in Lackawanna, New York, the son of Alean Hudson and Ruben Santiago, a railroad worker.	Ruben Santiago-Hudson	Lackawanna
place of birth	Dr. Gábor Tamás Nagy (born October 8, 1960) is a Hungarian jurist and politician, current Mayor of Budavár (1st district of Budapest) since 1998.	Gábor Tamás Nagy	Budapest
place of birth	Ananda Ranga Pillai was born to a merchant named Tiruvengada Pillai on 30 March 1709 in the village of Perambur on the outskirts of Madras.	Ananda Ranga Pillai	Perambur
place of birth	Shane Withington (born 22 August 1958 in Toowoomba, Queensland) is an Australian actor best known for playing surf live guard John Palmer in Home and Away on the Seven network.	Shane Withington	Toowoomba
place of birth	Jasha Sütterlin (born November 4, 1992 in Freiburg im Breisgau) is a German cyclist.	Jasha Sütterlin	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of birth	Neal Horgan (born 29 November 1979, in San Francisco) is a professional footballer who has played for some years for Cork City in the League of Ireland Premier Division.	Neal Horgan	San Francisco
place of birth	Jean Pierre Lefebvre (born 17 August 1941 in Montreal, Quebec) is a French Canadian filmmaker.	Jean Pierre Lefebvre	Montreal
place of birth	Rosemary Dobson was born in Sydney, the second daughter of English-born A.A.G. (Arthur) Dobson and Marjorie (née Caldwell).	Rosemary Dobson	Sydney
place of birth	Joseph Beuys was born in Krefeld, the son of the merchant Josef Jakob Beuys (1888--1958) and Johanna Maria Margarete Beuys (born Hülsermann, 1889--1974).	Joseph Beuys	Krefeld
place of birth	Of ethnic Romanian and lower-middle-class origins, Gherman Pântea was born on May 13, 1894, in the northern Bessarabian village of Zăicani; he was one of several children born to lawyer Vasile Pântea and his wife Ioana.	Gherman Pântea	Zăicani
place of birth	Adopted at birth, Tom Bee was born and raised in the reservation border town of Gallup, New Mexico.	Tom Bee	Gallup
place of birth	Julio Enrique Monagas (ca. 1900 - 14 July 1984), born in Ponce, Puerto Rico, is considered the father of Olympic sports in Puerto Rico.	Julio Enrique Monagas	Ponce
place of birth	Bella Akhmadulina was born in Moscow on 10 April 1937, the only child of a Tatar father and a Russian-Italian mother.	Bella Akhmadulina	Moscow
place of birth	Howard E. Bigelow (1923--1987) was an American mycologist, born in 1923 in Greenfield, Massachusetts and died in 1987.	Howard E. Bigelow	Greenfield
place of birth	Frank Fetter was born in Peru, Indiana to a Quaker family during the height of the American Civil War.	Frank Fetter	Peru
place of birth	Timo Salminen (July 11, 1952 in Helsinki) is a Finnish cinematographer best known for his artistic work in Aki Kaurismäki's films.	Timo Salminen	Helsinki
place of birth	Charles Ezra Greene (1842--1903) was an American civil engineer, born in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Charles Ezra Greene	Cambridge
place of birth	In 1828 an anonymous letter to The Scotsman related that a friend of the writer had been a significant landowner in Ayrshire and that Robert Burns had been a frequent visitor to his kitchen and had written many songs about Nelly Blair, a servant in the house.	Nelly Blair	Ayrshire
place of birth	Salam Fayyad was born in Deir al-Ghusun in northern West Bank on 2 April 1952.	Salam Fayyad	Deir al-Ghusun
place of birth	Joe Craig (born 31 December 1981 in London) is an English writer, children's novelist and musician.	Joe Craig	London
place of birth	Susan Fenimore Cooper was born in 1813 in Scarsdale, New York, the daughter of the novelist James Fenimore Cooper and his wife Susan Augusta DeLancey.	Susan Fenimore Cooper	Scarsdale
place of birth	Austin Phelps was born in was born at West Brookfield, Massachusetts.	Austin Phelps	West Brookfield
place of birth	Sarah Lindsay (born 1958) is an American poet from Cedar Rapids, Iowa.	Sarah Lindsay	Cedar Rapids
place of birth	Ayesha Rubina (عائشہ روبینہ; born 1969) is an educationist, social entrepreneur, social worker and co-opted member of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC).	Ayesha Rubina	Hyderabad
place of birth	Conan Lee was born in Hong Kong (1959), but grew up in Queens, New York as Lloyd Hutchinson.	Conan Lee	Hong Kong
place of birth	Glen Berry (born 21 April 1978, Romford) is a retired British actor.	Glen Berry	Romford
place of birth	Kim Bauermeister (born 20 November 1970 in Stuttgart) is a retired German runner who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Kim Bauermeister	Stuttgart
place of birth	Toki Wright (born 1980) is an American rapper, organizer, and educator from Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Toki Wright	Minneapolis
place of birth	Tigran Hekekyan (born 17 August,1959) is an Armenian professor of music at Yerevan State Conservatory and a conductor.	Tigran Hekekyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Born in Belém, Pará, Yago Pikachu joined Paysandu's youth setup in 2005 at the age of 13, after starting it out at Tuna Luso.	Yago Pikachu	Belém
place of birth	Karma Lingpa was embodied in southeast Tibet as the eldest son of Nyida Sanggyé, the great Vajrayana practitioner.	Karma Lingpa	Tibet
place of birth	Joshua Jeays was born in 1812 in Leicestershire, England., and died in Brisbane in 1881, at the age of 69.	Joshua Jeays	Leicestershire
place of birth	Boris Spiegel (born 18 February 1953 in Khmelnytskyi, Ukraine) (Russian: Бори́с Исаа́кович Шпи́гель) is a Russian politician and businessman.	Boris Spiegel	Khmelnytskyi
place of birth	Denis McQuade (born 6 January 1951 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Partick Thistle, Hearts and Hamilton.	Denis McQuade	Glasgow
place of birth	Martti Aljand (born 22 November 1987 in Tallinn) is an Estonian individual medley and breaststroke swimmer.	Martti Aljand	Tallinn
place of birth	Harold Gray was born in Kankakee, Illinois on January 20, 1894, to Estella Mary (née Rosencrans) and Ira Lincoln Gray, a farmer.	Harold Gray	Kankakee
place of birth	Marina Goglidze-Mdivani (Georgian: მარინა გოგლიძე-მდივანი; born October 6, 1936 in Tbilisi, Georgian SSR, USSR) is Soviet and Canadian virtuoso pianist of Georgian descent.	Marina Goglidze-Mdivani	Tbilisi
place of birth	Frazer Irving (born in the 1970s, Ilford, Essex) is a British comic book artist known for the 2000 AD series Necronauts.	Frazer Irving	Ilford
place of birth	Markus Schmidt-Märkl (born 1959 in Homburg) is a German television director.	Markus Schmidt-Märkl	Homburg
place of birth	Evelyn Temple Emmett was born in Launceston on 18 May 1871 and grew up on the farm of his father, Skelton Emmett, in the village of Forest, within sight of The Nut at Stanley in Tasmania's north-west.	Evelyn Temple Emmett	Launceston
place of birth	Joseph Low (born in Coraopolis, Pennsylvania in 1911, died in Edgartown, Massachusetts on February 12, 2007) was an American artist and children's book illustrator.	Joseph Low	Coraopolis
place of birth	Chris Burkard (born March 12, 1986 in San Luis Obispo, California) is an American self-taught photographer and artist, based in California Central Coast region.	Chris Burkard	San Luis Obispo
place of birth	Melanie Durrant (born in Toronto) is a Canadian urban contemporary-style singer.	Melanie Durrant	Toronto
place of birth	Igor Gjuzelov or Igor Đuzelov (Macedonian: Игор Ѓузелов) (born 2 April 1976 in Strumica) is a retired Macedonian professional football player.	Igor Gjuzelov	Strumica
place of birth	Jane K. Cleland was born in Boston and reared in Newton, Massachusetts, graduating from Newton High School.	Jane K. Cleland	Boston
place of birth	Dmitry Sitkovetsky was born in Baku, Azerbaijan, to violinist Julian Sitkovetsky and pianist Bella Davidovich.	Dmitry Sitkovetsky	Baku
place of birth	Jiří Bartoška (born March 24, 1947 in Děčín) is a Czech actor and the president of the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival.	Jiří Bartoška	Děčín
place of birth	Arthur Jerome Eddy (November 5, 1859 in Flint, Michigan- July 21, 1920 in New York City, New York) was an American lawyer, author, art collector, and art critic.	Arthur Jerome Eddy	Flint
place of birth	Marshall Field was born on a farm in Conway, Franklin County, Massachusetts, the son of John Field IV and wife Fidelia Nash.	Marshall Field	Conway
place of birth	Jada Rowland (born February 23, 1943 on Staten Island, New York City) is an American actress and illustrator.	Jada Rowland	Staten Island
place of birth	The son of a historian, Laurent Binet was born in Paris.	Laurent Binet	Paris
place of birth	Lawrence Funderburke was born and raised in Columbus, Ohio, where he played high school basketball.	Lawrence Funderburke	Columbus
place of birth	Karl Badberger (January 14, 1888 in Munich -- ??) was a German architect.	Karl Badberger	Munich
place of birth	CJ Gibson (born November 30, 1983 in Clearwater, Florida) is an American model and actress of Filipino and Italian descent.	CJ Gibson	Clearwater
place of birth	Tadeusz Ślusarski (19 May 1950 in Żary -- 17 August 1998 on the E65 road near Ostromice) was a Polish Olympic gold medalist in pole vault at the 1976 Olympics, as well as a silver medalist at the 1980 Olympics (behind another Polish champion Władysław Kozakiewicz).	Tadeusz Ślusarski	Żary
place of birth	Henry Grinnell (February 18, 1799 in New Bedford, Massachusetts -- June 30, 1874) was an American merchant and philanthropist.	Henry Grinnell	New Bedford
place of birth	Eric Geboers (born August 5, 1962 in Neerpelt, Limburg) is a Belgian former professional motocross racer and racing driver.	Eric Geboers	Neerpelt
place of birth	Aggeliki Tsiolakoudi (Greek: Αγγελική Τσιολακούδη, (aɟeliˈci tsjolaˈkuði), born 10 May 1976 in Alexandria, Egypt) is a Greek javelin thrower.	Aggeliki Tsiolakoudi	Alexandria
place of birth	Amy Sarkisian (born 1969 in Cleveland, Ohio, U.S.) is a contemporary artist living and working in Los Angeles, California.	Amy Sarkisian	Cleveland
place of birth	Qiao Wei (Chinese: 乔巍; born 20 July 1987 in Luoyang, Henan) is a Chinese football player.	Qiao Wei	Luoyang
place of birth	Paul Koech (born 31 December 1969 in Uasin Gishu District) is a Kenyan distance and marathon runner.	Paul Koech	Uasin Gishu District
place of birth	Eric W. Sawyer or Eric Sawyer (born June 2, 1962 in Brookhaven, New York) is an American orchestral composer, pianist and professor of music at Amherst College.	Eric W. Sawyer	Brookhaven, New York
place of birth	Tess Gaerthé (born 21 August 1991 in Amsterdam), performing as Tess, was the Dutch representative at the 3rd Junior Eurovision Song Contest in 2005.	Tess Gaerthé	Amsterdam
place of birth	Yang Lei (simplified Chinese: 阳蕾; traditional Chinese: 陽蕾; pinyin: Yáng Lěi; born October 12, 1984 in Chongqing), also known as Shinee Lee, is a Chinese pop singer and actress who achieved instant fame when she won the nationwide singing contest Super Girl in 2006.	Yang Lei	Chongqing
place of birth	Chandra Bhushan Singh, also as Munnoo Babu (born 14 October 1944) is an Indian politician who was a member of the 13th and 14th Lok Sabhas for Farrukhabad in Uttar Pradesh.	Chandra Bhushan Singh	Farrukhabad
place of birth	T. M. Gray (born November 23, 1963 in Bar Harbor, Maine) is an American horror author of many short stories, several novels and a nonfiction book on ghost hunting.	T. M. Gray	Bar Harbor
place of birth	Vincent Kok Tak-Chiu (born 15 August 1965) is a Hong Kong actor, scriptwriter and film director.	Vincent Kok	Hong Kong
place of birth	Wang Ching-feng (Chinese: 王清峰; pinyin: Wáng Qīngfēng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ông Chheng-hong; born January 1, 1952 in Tainan City) is a Taiwanese lawyer and politician.	Wang Ching-feng	Tainan
place of birth	Michelle Rojas (born December 16, 1987) is an American voice actress affiliated with Funimation from Dallas, Texas.	Michelle Rojas	Dallas
place of birth	Johan Andreas Holvik (Howard, South Dakota, May 19, 1880 - November 25, 1960) was a Norwegian-American author and a professor at Concordia College in Moorhead, Minnesota.	Johan Andreas Holvik	Howard
place of birth	Rodger Brulotte (Born January 4, 1947 in Montreal) is a Major League Baseball broadcaster.	Rodger Brulotte	Montreal
place of birth	Adriaan van den Spiegel (or Spieghel), name sometimes written as Adrianus Spigelius, (1578 -- 7 April 1625) was a Flemish anatomist born in Brussels.	Adriaan van den Spiegel	Brussels
place of birth	Ramon Fernández Vidal, known as Moncho Fernández (born 19 September 1969 in Santiago de Compostela), is a Spanish basketball manager and the current coach of Rio Natura Monbus Obradoiro of the Liga ACB.	Moncho Fernández	Santiago de Compostela
place of birth	Windsor Davies (born 28 August 1930 in Canning Town, West Ham, Essex) is a British actor who is best known for playing the part of Battery Sergeant Major Williams in the British sitcom It Ain't Half Hot Mum (1974--81).	Windsor Davies	Canning Town
place of birth	Matt Hires (born August 5, 1985) is an American singer-songwriter from Tampa, Florida.	Matt Hires	Tampa
place of birth	Mike Heidorn, born 1967 in Belleville, Illinois, is the former drummer and founding member of alternative country bands Uncle Tupelo and Son Volt.	Mike Heidorn	Belleville
place of birth	Ekin Cheng is a Hong Kong actor and Cantopop singer.	Ekin Cheng	Hong Kong
place of birth	Sudha Pennathur (born in Chennai, India) is an Indian jewellery designer and entrepreneur.	Sudha Pennathur	Chennai
place of birth	Lucas Michel Mendes (born 3 July 1990 in Curitiba, Paraná), more commonly known as Lucas Mendes, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a left back but can also play as centre back for Qatari club El Jaish.	Lucas Mendes	Curitiba
place of birth	Michael Kitzelmann (born January 29, 1916 in Horben, part of Gestratz, Westallgäu, Bavaria; died June 11, 1942 in Orel Prison) was a lieutenant in the German Army during World War II, who was executed for undermining military strength.	Michael Kitzelmann	Gestratz
place of birth	Winand Wigger was born in New York City to John Joseph and Elizabeth (née Strucke) Wigger, who immigrated to the United States from Westphalia in the late 1830s.	Winand Wigger	New York City
place of birth	Dariusz Białkowski (born July 16, 1970 in Białogard) is a Polish sprint canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s (decade).	Dariusz Białkowski	Białogard
place of birth	Johann Ludwig Wilhelm Thudichum, also known as John Louis William Thudichum (August 27, 1829, Büdingen -- September 7, 1901) was a German-born physician and biochemist.	Johann Ludwig Wilhelm Thudichum	Büdingen
place of birth	Serse Coppi (19 March 1923 -- 29 June 1951) was an Italian professional road racing cyclist born in Castellania.	Serse Coppi	Castellania
place of birth	Regina Rakhimova (born September 22, 1988 in Chusovoy) is a Russian freestyle skier, specializing in Moguls .	Regina Rakhimova	Chusovoy
place of birth	Albert Huffstickler was born in Laredo, Texas, surviving a twin who died at birth.	Albert Huffstickler	Laredo
place of birth	(Louis Charles Joseph) Gaston de Saporta born in the Château de Montvert in Saint-Zacharie, Var, on July 28, 1823.	Gaston de Saporta	Saint-Zacharie
place of birth	Luke Mitrani (born July 20, 1990 in New York City) is a professional snowboarder.	Luke Mitrani	New York City
place of birth	Jan Těsnohlídek (* April 11, 1987, Havlíčkův Brod, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech poet and editor.	Jan Těsnohlídek	Havlíčkův Brod
place of birth	Hardi Volmer (born November 8, 1957 in Pärnu) is an Estonian film director, puppet theatre set decorator and musician.	Hardi Volmer	Pärnu
place of birth	Colette Flesch (born 16 April 1937 in Dudelange) is a Luxembourgish politician and former fencer.	Colette Flesch	Dudelange
place of birth	Coelho Neto was born in the city of Caxias, Maranhão, on February 21, 1864.	Coelho Neto	Caxias
place of birth	Maritza Sayalero (born February 16, 1961 in Caracas) is a Venezuelan beauty queen and businesswoman.	Maritza Sayalero	Caracas
place of birth	James H. Evans (born 1954 in West Virginia) is an American photographer.	James H. Evans	West Virginia
place of birth	Pierre de Jarric (1566 -- 2 March 1617) was a French Catholic missionary writer from Toulouse.	Pierre de Jarric	Toulouse
place of birth	Orlando Trustfull (born 4 August 1970 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch football manager and a former professional player.	Orlando Trustfull	Amsterdam
place of birth	Hiten Barman, son of Maneswar and Rajabala Barman, was born on 21 June 1950 at Gopalpur in Cooch Behar district.	Hiten Barman	Cooch Behar
place of birth	Gaylon Alcaraz (born October 26, 1970) is a community organizer and human rights activist in Chicago, Illinois.	Gaylon Alcaraz	Chicago
place of birth	Born in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa, Atsede Habtamu's first appearances at elite level came about after a performance at the Ethiopian 20 km trials for the 2007 IAAF World Road Running Championships.	Atsede Habtamu	Addis Ababa
place of birth	Jean Antoine Arthur Gris (December 11, 1829 - August 19, 1872) was a French botanist who was a native of Châtillon-sur-Seine, in the department of Côte-d'Or.	Jean Antoine Arthur Gris	Châtillon-sur-Seine
place of birth	Yulia Lytvynenko (Ukrainian: Юлія Литвиненко, borth 7 November 1976 in Inhulets), is a Ukrainian television host from Kryvyi Rih, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast.	Yulia Lytvynenko	Kryvyi Rih
place of birth	Karen Morris-Gowdy (born January 20, 1956 in Cheyenne, Wyoming) is an American actress, best known for her role as Dr. Faith Coleridge Desmond #4 on Ryan's Hope, a role she played from 1978 to 1984 and again in 1989.	Karen Morris-Gowdy	Cheyenne
place of birth	Daniel Lindström (born January 30, 1978) is a Swedish singer from Umeå who won the Swedish Idol 2004 contest against Darin Zanyar.	Daniel Lindström	Umeå
place of birth	Aidamir Mugu (Adyghe and Russian: Айдамир Мугу), born 17 April 1990, Maykop, Adygea, USSR; is a Russian Adyghe singer.	Aidamir Mugu	Maykop
place of birth	Born in Zapala, Neuquén Province, Jorge Sapag is a member of a prominent family in the politics of Neuquén Province.	Jorge Sapag	Zapala
place of birth	Hippocrates of Kos (/hɪˈpɒkrəˌtiːz/; Greek: Ἱπποκράτης; Hippokrátēs; c. 460 -- c. 370 BC), also known as Hippocrates II, was a Greek physician of the Age of Pericles (Classical Greece), and is considered one of the most outstanding figures in the history of medicine.	Hippocrates	Kos
place of birth	Paula Toller (born on August 23, 1962 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian singer and songwriter.	Paula Toller	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Karen Steele was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, to Percy Davis Steele, a Bostonian of English descent and a career Marine who in 1956 was named assistant administrator of the Marshall Islands.	Karen Steele	Honolulu
place of birth	Lars Arvid Nilsen (born 15 April 1965 in Notodden) is a retired Norwegian shot putter.	Lars Arvid Nilsen	Notodden
place of birth	Marco Höger (born 16 September 1989 in Cologne) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder or right back for Schalke 04 in the Bundesliga.	Marco Höger	Cologne
place of birth	Marie Arana (born Lima, Peru) is an author, editor, journalist, and member of the Scholars Council at the Library of Congress.	Marie Arana	Lima
place of birth	Manto Mavrogenous was born in Trieste, then in the Austrian Empire, now part of Italy.	Manto Mavrogenous	Trieste
place of birth	Sophie Béjean (born 22 June 1964, Grenoble) is a French university president.	Sophie Béjean	Grenoble
place of birth	Tom Wallisch (born July 22, 1987 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is a professional freeskier.	Tom Wallisch	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Methuen was born as Algernon Methuen Marshall Stedman in London, the third son of John Buck Stedman, FRCS, and Jane Elizabeth née Marshall.	Algernon Methuen	London
place of birth	Laurens Prins known in English as Lawrence Prince (c. 1630s, Amsterdam - unknown) was a 17th-century Dutch buccaneer and an officer under Captain Sir Henry Morgan.	Lawrence Prince	Amsterdam
place of birth	Olli Muotka (born 14 July 1988 in Rovaniemi) is a Finnish ski jumper and former Nordic combined athlete.	Olli Muotka	Rovaniemi
place of birth	Jeremy Sams (born 12 January 1957, in London, England) is a British theatre director, writer, translator, orchestrator, musical director, film composer, and lyricist.	Jeremy Sams	London
place of birth	Kamil Grosicki (Polish pronunciation: (ˈkamil ɡrɔˈɕit͡skʲi); born 8 June 1988 in Szczecin) is a Polish footballer who plays as a winger for Stade Rennais in the French Ligue 1.	Kamil Grosicki	Szczecin
place of birth	Giorgi Dekanosidze (Georgian: გიორგი დეკანოსიძე; born 2 January 1981 in Tbilisi) is a retired Georgian professional football Midfielder, who last recently played for Kolkheti-1913 Poti.	Giorgi Dekanosidze	Tbilisi
place of birth	Assunta Legnante (born 14 May 1978 in Naples) is a visually impaired Italian shot putter.	Assunta Legnante	Naples
place of birth	Hu Zhijun played for Guangzhou Apollo, Guangzhou Songri, Shanghai Shenhua and Shanghai Cosco throughout his professional career.	Hu Zhijun	Guangzhou
place of birth	Benoît Puga (born in Saint-Mandé, 30 January 1953) is a French général d'armée.	Benoît Puga	Saint-Mandé
place of birth	Jacques Rouvier (born 18 January 1947 in Marseille) is a French pianist.	Jacques Rouvier	Marseille
place of birth	Huldrych Zwingli was born on 1 January 1484 in Wildhaus, in the Toggenburg valley of Switzerland, to a family of farmers, the third child of nine.	Huldrych Zwingli	Wildhaus
place of birth	Rüdiger Ziehl (born October 26, 1977 in Zweibrücken) is a German football manager and former footballer.	Rüdiger Ziehl	Zweibrücken
place of birth	John Amplas (born June 23, 1949 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American actor known primarily for his work with director George A. Romero.	John Amplas	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Scott Van Pelt was born in Brookeville, Maryland, and grew up in the Washington, D.C., area.	Scott Van Pelt	Brookeville
place of birth	William J. Tobin was raised in a City Assisted Housing Project in New York City.	William J. Tobin	New York City
place of birth	Enrique Corrales Martín (born 1 March 1982 in Seville, Andalusia) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Bolivian club Sport Boys Warnes as a left back.	Enrique Corrales	Seville
place of birth	Helen Kendrick Johnson was born in Hamilton, New York to her father, Asahel Clark Kendrick a professor in Greek at University of Rochester and mother Anne Elizabeth Kendrick (born Hopkins) who died in 1851 after the birth of Helen's third sister.	Helen Kendrick Johnson	Hamilton, New York
place of birth	Born in Niles, Michigan, Ring Lardner was the son of wealthy parents, Henry and Lena Phillips Lardner.	Ring Lardner	Niles, Michigan
place of birth	Findlay Weir (born 18 April 1889 in Glasgow--died 9 July 1918) was a professional footballer who played for clubs including Maryhill, Sheffield Wednesday and Tottenham Hotspur.	Findlay Weir	Glasgow
place of birth	Jorge Colaço (Tangier, 1868 - Oeiras, 1942) was a Portuguese painter specially known for his works as tile (azulejo) painter.	Jorge Colaço	Tangier
place of birth	Georg Holzer (born 1957 in Vienna) is an Austrian Slavist and Indo-Europeanist.	Georg Holzer	Vienna
place of birth	Salvatore Capezio was born April 13, 1871 in Muro Lucano, in the province of Potenza.	Salvatore Capezio	Muro Lucano
place of birth	Jang Dong-gun spent his childhood in Yongsan District, Seoul, and later went on to study at the Korea National University of Arts School of Drama, though he dropped out before obtaining a degree.	Jang Dong-gun	Yongsan District
place of birth	Eva Adams was born in Wonder, Nevada on September 10, 1908, the daughter of Verner Laur Adams and his wife Cora (Varble) Adams.	Eva Adams	Wonder, Nevada
place of birth	Ritu Beri (Hindi: रितु बेरी) (Punjabi: ਰਿਤੂ ਬੇਰੀ) is a New Delhi based International fashion designer.	Ritu Beri	New Delhi
place of birth	Norberto Piñero was born to a landed family in the Province of Buenos Aires, in 1858.	Norberto Piñero	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Sylvio Breleur(born 13 October 1978 in Cayenne) is a French Guyana football player who plays for RFC Tournai in Belgium.	Sylvio Breleur	Cayenne
place of birth	Stefano De Luigi (Cologne, 1964) is an Italian photographer.	Stefano De Luigi	Cologne
place of birth	Cristina Cini (born July 11, 1969), of Florence, Tuscany, is the only Italian woman assistant referee in the Italian professional European football league.	Cristina Cini	Florence
place of birth	Wolfgang Kramer (born 29 June 1942 in Stuttgart) is a German board game designer.	Wolfgang Kramer	Stuttgart
place of birth	Dario Pozzo (Verona, 1592-1652) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance in Verona.	Dario Pozzo	Verona
place of birth	Born in Eau Claire, Wisconsin, Blystone's full name was William Stanley Blystone.	Stanley Blystone	Eau Claire
place of birth	Faruk Kulenović (born 23 February 1952 in Zagreb, Croatia, FPR Yugoslavia) is an ex-Yugoslav, Croatian-Bosnian professional basketball coach.	Faruk Kulenović	Zagreb
place of birth	Johannes Agnoli (February 22, 1925 in Valle di Cadore, Eastern Dolomites -- May 4, 2003 in San Quirico di Moriano near Lucca) was a German-Italian Marxist political scientist, though he rejected the label Marxist, preferring instead - somewhat ironically - to call himself an Agnolist.	Johannes Agnoli	Valle di Cadore
place of birth	Tahar Lamri, (born 1958, in Algiers) is an Algerian writer.	Tahar Lamri	Algiers
place of birth	Rona Barrett (born Rona Burstein, October 8, 1936, in New York City) is an American gossip columnist and businesswoman.	Rona Barrett	New York City
place of birth	Thomas Humber was born in Andrew Street, Brightside, Sheffield on 16 October 1841 the son of Samuel Humber, a tailor, and his wife Lucy née Turton.	Thomas Humber	Sheffield
place of birth	Julian May grew up in Elmwood Park, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, the oldest of four children.	Julian May	Chicago
place of birth	Constance Heaven, née Constance Fecher (6 August 1911 in London, England, UK -- 1995) was a British writer of romance novels, under her maiden name, her married name and under the pseudonym Christina Merlin.	Constance Heaven	London
place of birth	Derwent Coleridge was born at Keswick, Cumberland, 14 Sept. 1800 (Derwent Water is not far away).	Derwent Coleridge	Keswick
place of birth	Company Havildar Major Piru Singh Shekhawat was born on 20 May 1918 in Sikar Rajasthan in a great Rajput military family having a long tradition of service in the Rajputana Rifles.	Piru Singh	Rajasthan
place of birth	Petr Šálek, MFA, QEP (born 1948 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech photographer.	Petr Šálek	Prague
place of birth	Yordan Petkov (Bulgarian: Йордан Петков) (born 11 March 1976 in Veliko Tarnovo) is a former Bulgarian football defender and currently assistant coach of Slavia Sofia under Martin Kushev.	Yordan Petkov	Veliko Tarnovo
place of birth	David Yow (born August 2, 1960) is an American musician, author and illustrator born in Las Vegas, Nevada and best known as the vocalist for the noise rock bands Scratch Acid and The Jesus Lizard.	David Yow	Las Vegas
place of birth	Manik Sarkar (Bengali: মাণিক সরকার Bengali Pronunciation: Manik Shôrkar; born 22 January 1949) is an Indian politician who has been Chief Minister of Tripura since March 1998.	Manik Sarkar	Tripura
place of birth	Mariana Rondón (Barquisimeto, Lara state, 1966) is a Venezuelan cinema director, screenwriter, producer and visual artist.	Mariana Rondón	Barquisimeto
place of birth	Aurelian Cosmin Olăroiu (born 10 June 1969 in Bucharest) is a Romanian football manager and former player.	Cosmin Olăroiu	Bucharest
place of birth	Ron Backes (born 19 February 1963 in St. Cloud, Minnesota) is an American retired shot putter.	Ron Backes	St. Cloud
place of birth	Zaur Gurbanli (Azerbaijani: Zaur Qurbanlı, born on January 12, 1987, Baku) - is a youth activist, co-founder and ex-board member of N!	Zaur Gurbanli	Baku
place of birth	Anita Pádár (born 30 March 1979 in Karcag) is a Hungarian football midfielder, currently playing for MTK in Noi NB I. She is a member of the Hungarian national team.	Anita Pádár	Karcag
place of death	Paula Contreras Márquez (Aldea de Los Zapateros, Córdoba, Andalusia, 8 January 1911 -- Puerto Real, Cádiz, 3 February 2008) was a novelist and author of short stories and tales.	Paula Contreras Márquez	Cádiz
place of death	Shirkuh was invited back into Egypt by the Fatimid Caliph Al-'Āḍid in 1167, to help defeat the Crusaders who were attacking Cairo.	Shirkuh	Cairo
position held	Samuel H. Huntington (October 4, 1765 -- June 8, 1817) was an American jurist who was the third Governor of Ohio from 1808 to 1810.	Samuel H. Huntington	Governor of Ohio
position held	David Chillingworth (born 23 June 1951) is an Anglican bishop.	David Chillingworth	bishop
position held	Bennett Ratliff (born August 18, 1961) is a civil engineer and small business owner in Coppell, Texas, and served as a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 115 in Dallas County in the 83rd Session.	Bennett Ratliff	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Carlo Antonio Dal Pozzo (1547--1607) was an Italian prelate, who was archbishop metropolitan of the Pisa Diocese.	Carlo Antonio Dal Pozzo	archbishop
position held	Armand Bois was a politician in Quebec, Canada and a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA).	Armand Bois	Member of the National Assembly
position held	Roy Mason, Baron Mason of Barnsley, PC, DL (18 April 1924 -- 19 April 2015) was a British Labour politician and former Cabinet minister who was Secretary of State for Defence and Secretary of State for Northern Ireland in the late 1970s.	Roy Mason	Secretary of State for Defence	Secretary of State for Northern Ireland
position held	Denver Dickerson (April 23, 1914 -- July 19, 1981) was Speaker of the Nevada Assembly in 1943 and served in the U.S. Army during World War II. He was appointed Secretary of Guam in 1963 by U.S. President John F. Kennedy.	Denver Dickerson	Secretary of Guam
position held	Herman Willem Daendels (21 October 1762 -- 2 May 1818) was a Dutch politician who served as the 36th Governor General of the Dutch East Indies between 1808 and 1811.	Herman Willem Daendels	Governor General of the Dutch East Indies
position held	Giorgio Crescentini (born 8 March 1950) is a former Captain Regent of San Marino and a retired San Marinese footballer who heads the San Marino Football Federation.	Giorgio Crescentini	Captain Regent of San Marino
position held	Robert Weldon Russell, III, known as Weldon Russell (born 1946), is a Democrat former member of the Louisiana House of Representatives who served from District 72 between 1984 and 1988 during the third administration of Governor Edwin Washington Edwards.	Weldon Russell	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Usermaatre Osorkon IV was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh during the late Third Intermediate Period.	Osorkon IV	pharaoh
position held	Giuseppe Mani (born 21 June 1936) is an Italian Roman Catholic archbishop, who served as Archbishop of Cagliari from 2003 to 2012.	Giuseppe Mani	archbishop
position held	Jānis Bulis (born 17 August 1950 in Briģi parish, Ludza Municipality) is a Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rēzekne-Aglona.	Jānis Bulis	bishop
position held	Richard Lynn Hardcastle, known as Rick Hardcastle (born April 6, 1956), is a businessman and rancher from Vernon, Texas, who is a Republican former member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 68 in the eastern South Plains.	Rick Hardcastle	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Anna Moeller is a member of the Illinois House of Representatives who was sworn in March 31, 2014 to replace Keith Farnham, who resigned on March 19, 2014.	Anna Moeller	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Virgilio Barco Vargas (17 September 1921 -- 20 May 1997) was the 27th President of Colombia serving from 1986 to 1990.	Virgilio Barco Vargas	President of Colombia
position held	Andrew Hao or Hao Jinli (Chinese: 郝进礼; 1916 -- March 9, 2011) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Xiwanzi, China.	Andrew Hao	bishop
position held	Accepted Frewen (1588--1664) was a priest in the Church of England and Archbishop of York from 1660 to 1664.	Accepted Frewen	Archbishop of York
position held	James Oscarson (born in 1957 in Ogden, Utah) is an American politician, member of the Republican Party, and member of the Nevada Assembly since February 4, 2013 representing District 36.	James Oscarson	member of the Nevada Assembly
position held	Gerard Clifford (born 24 June 1941) is a Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Armagh.	Gerard Clifford	bishop
position held	Michael Kuchmiak, C.Ss.R. (February 5, 1923 in Obertyn, Ukraine -- August 26, 2008 in Saskatoon, Canada) was a bishop of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church and titular bishop of Agathopolis since 1988.	Michael Kuchmiak	bishop
position held	Yahya ibn Muhammad (Arabic: يحيى بن محمد‎) was the fifth Idrisid ruler and sultan of Morocco.	Yahya ibn Muhammad	sultan
position held	Silvana Tabares is a member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 21st district since first being sworn into office in January 2013.	Silvana Tabares	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	William Green Miller (born August 15, 1931 in New York City, New York), served as the United States Ambassador to Ukraine under Bill Clinton, from 1993 to 1998.	William Green Miller	United States Ambassador to Ukraine
position held	Marianus Scotus of Regensburg, born Muiredach mac Robartaig or Muiredach McGroarty, was an Irish abbot and scribe.	Marianus Scotus of Regensburg	abbot
position held	J. C. Neville was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and Mayor of Green Bay, Wisconsin.	J. C. Neville	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Marlene Cowling (born 26 August 1941 in Dauphin, Manitoba) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 to 1997 in the Dauphin--	Marlene Cowling	member of the House of Commons of Canada
position held	Julius Raab (29 November 1891 -- 8 January 1964) was a conservative Austrian politician, who served as Federal Chancellor of Austria from 1953 to 1961.	Julius Raab	Chancellor of Austria
position held	Nikolaos Plastiras (Greek: Νικόλαος Πλαστήρας; November 4, 1883 -- July 26, 1953) was a Greek general and politician, who served thrice as Prime Minister of Greece.	Nikolaos Plastiras	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	Christian Ude (born 26 October 1947 in Munich) is a German politician who served as mayor of Munich from 1993 to 2014.	Christian Ude	mayor
position held	Antonio Caggiano (30 January 1889 -- 23 October 1979) was an archbishop and a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church in Argentina.	Antonio Caggiano	archbishop	cardinal
position held	K. Ananda Nambiar (1918 -- 11 October 1991) was an Indian politician of the Communist Party of India who served as a member of the Lok Sabha from Mayiladuthurai and Tiruchirapalli.	K. Ananda Nambiar	member of the Lok Sabha
position held	James David Cain, Sr. (born October 13, 1938), is a retired farmer and rancher from the Dry Creek community in eastern Beauregard Parish, who is a Republican former member of the Louisiana State Senate.	James David Cain	member of the Louisiana State Senate
position held	Karl Burckhardt-Iselin (2 July 1830 - 24 August 1893) was a Swiss politician and President of the Swiss National Council (1880/1881).	Karl Burckhardt	President of the Swiss National Council
position held	Glyn Ford (born 28 January 1950) is a former Labour Party member of the European Parliament (1984--2009), initially for Greater Manchester East until 1999, then South West England from 1999 to 2009.	Glyn Ford	member of the European Parliament
position held	Bernard Genoud (22 February 1942 -- 21 September 2010) was the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lausanne, Geneva and Fribourg from his appointment on 18 March 1999, until his death on 21 September 2010.	Bernard Genoud	bishop
position held	Joseph Arthur Costello (May 9, 1915 -- September 22, 1978) was a Roman Catholic bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States who served as an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Newark, New Jersey from 1963 to 1978.	Joseph Arthur Costello	bishop
position held	Charles F. Howard, known more commonly as Charlie Howard, is an American politician and has been a member of the Texas House of Representatives since 1995.	Charles F. Howard	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Eutropius of Orange (b. Marseilles, France) was bishop of Orange, France after Justus and during the 5th century, probably since 463.	Eutropius of Orange	bishop
position held	Gerhard Feige (born 19 November 1951 in Halle) was appointed bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Magdeburg, Germany in 2005.	Gerhard Feige	bishop
position held	Thomas G. Stephens (April 6, 1818 - ?) was an American lead smelter from Hazel Green, Wisconsin who served one term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Grant County as part of the ``Liberal Reform'' or ``People's Reform'' Party in 1873.	Thomas G. Stephens	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Ed Sullivan, Jr. (born 1969) is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 51st district since 2003.	Ed Sullivan, Jr.	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	When Euspicius died, Mesmin became abbot, and during his rule the religious life flourished there notably.	Mesmin	abbot
position held	Thomas Corwin (July 29, 1794 -- December 18, 1865), also known as Tom Corwin and The Wagon Boy, was a politician from the state of Ohio who served as a prosecuting attorney, a member of the Ohio House of Representatives, the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate.	Thomas Corwin	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Everardus Antonius M. Baaij, S.C.J. (24 March 1921 -- 31 January 2012), was a Dutch bishop of the Roman Catholic Church in South Africa.	Everardus Antonius M. Baaij	bishop
position held	Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈsɪɣmʏntʏr ˈtaːvið ˈkʏnløyxsɔn); born 12 March 1975) is an Icelandic politician who has been Prime Minister of Iceland since 2013.	Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson	Prime Minister of Iceland
position held	Paphnutius of Thebes, also known as Paphnutius the Confessor, was a disciple of Saint Anthony the Great and a bishop of a city in the Upper Thebaid in the early fourth century.	Paphnutius of Thebes	bishop
position held	Konstantinos Konstantopoulos (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Κωνσταντόπουλος) (1832, Tripoli, Greece - 11 November 1910, Athens) was a conservative Greek politician and Prime Minister of Greece.	Konstantinos Konstantopoulos	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	William Owsley (March 24, 1782 -- December 9, 1862) was an associate justice on the Kentucky Court of Appeals and the 16th Governor of Kentucky.	William Owsley	Governor of Kentucky
position held	Asahel Peck (February 6, 1803 -- May 18, 1879) was an American lawyer, a politician, and the 35th Governor of Vermont from 1874 to 1876.	Asahel Peck	Governor of Vermont
position held	Bärbel Dieckmann (born March 26, 1949 in Leverkusen) was elected mayor of Bonn in 1994.	Bärbel Dieckmann	mayor
position held	José Arnoldo Alemán Lacayo (born 23 January 1946) was the 81st President of Nicaragua from 10 January 1997 to 10 January 2002.	Arnoldo Alemán	President of Nicaragua
position held	Giovanni Battista Caprara Montecuccoli (1733 -- 1810) was an Italian statesman and cardinal and archbishop of Milan from 1802 to 1810.	Giovanni Battista Caprara	cardinal	archbishop
position held	Philippe Kourouma (29 November 1932 Samoé - 10 February 2009) was the Guinean bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of N’Zérékoré from 15 December 1979, until his retirement on 27 November 2007.	Philippe Kourouma	bishop
position held	William Riddell (1807--1847) was a Roman Catholic bishop who briefly served as the Vicar Apostolic of the Northern District of England in 1847.	William Riddell	bishop
position held	François Patriat (born 21 March 1943 in Semur-en-Auxois, Côte-d'Or) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Côte-d'Or department.	François Patriat	member of the Senate of France
position held	Jared Irwin (1750 -- March 1, 1818) served twice as elected Governor of Georgia (1796--1798) and (1806--1809).	Jared Irwin	Governor of Georgia
position held	Raul Bocanegra is an American politician and former member of the California State Assembly.	Raul Bocanegra	member of the California State Assembly
position held	José Jesús Reyna García (born 22 February 1952) is a Mexican lawyer and politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party who served as Interim Governor of Michoacán from April to October 2013.	Jesús Reyna García	Governor of Michoacán
position held	Giridhar Gamang (born 8 April 1943) is a leader of the Indian National Congress and a former Chief Minister of Odisha.	Giridhar Gamang	Chief Minister of Odisha
position held	Desmond Connell (born 24 March 1926) is an Irish cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church.	Desmond Connell	cardinal
position held	Chris Ballance (born 7 July 1952) is a playwright and Scottish Green Party politician, a former Member of the Scottish Parliament for the South of Scotland region.	Chris Ballance	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	Gozbald, in Latin Gozbaldus or Gauzbaldus (died 20 September 855), was the abbot of Niederaltaich from 830, and the bishop of Würzburg from 842, until his death.	Gozbald	abbot
position held	From 1988-91, Akinwunmi Ambode was the Assistant Treasurer, Badagry Local Government, Lagos State, Nigeria.	Akinwunmi Ambode	Treasurer
position held	José Calassanç Vives y Tuto OFM Cap (English Joseph Calasanz Vives y Tuto, 15 February 1854 -- 7 September 1913) was an influential Spanish Roman Catholic theologian, member of the Capuchin friars and from 19 June 1899 also cardinal.	José Calassanç Vives y Tuto	cardinal
position held	Bishop John Quinlan (October 19, 1826, Cloyne, Ireland -- March 9, 1883, Alabama) was a Roman Catholic bishop and the second Bishop of Mobile.	John Quinlan	bishop
position held	Carl L. Marcellino (born December 23, 1942, in Brooklyn, New York) is a member of the New York State Senate.	Carl L. Marcellino	member of the New York State Senate
position held	Richard Terrick (1710 -- 1777) was a Church of England clergyman and bishop of London from 1764 to 1777.	Richard Terrick	bishop
position held	Rafael Muñoz Núñez (January 24, 1925 -- February 19, 2010) was the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Aguascalientes in Mexico.	Rafael Muñoz Núñez	bishop
position held	José Miguel Gómez y Gómez (July 6, 1858 -- June 13, 1921) was a Cuban who was one of the leaders of the rebel forces in the Cuban War of Independence and President of Cuba from 1909 to 1913.	José Miguel Gómez	President of Cuba
position held	Željko Šturanović (Serbian: Жељко Штурановић, January 31, 1960 -- June 30, 2014) was the Prime Minister of Montenegro from November 10, 2006 until February 29, 2008.	Željko Šturanović	Prime Minister of Montenegro
position held	Morgan Foster Larson (June 15, 1882 -- March 21, 1961) was a Republican politician who served as the 40th Governor of New Jersey.	Morgan Foster Larson	Governor of New Jersey
position held	Filippo Giudice Caracciolo was an Italian prelate who was archbishop of Naples from 1833 to 1844.	Filippo Giudice Caracciolo	archbishop
position held	Pierre de Luxembourg (Peter of Luxemburg) (1369--1387) was a Catholic cardinal.	Pierre de Luxembourg	cardinal
position held	Jesús Silverio Cavazos Ceballos (15 December 1968 -- 21 November 2010) was a Mexican politician, the Governor of Colima from 2005 to 2009, elected after the death of Gustavo Vázquez Montes.	Silverio Cavazos	Governor of Colima
position held	He was the son of Mansa Mari Diata II and the brother of Mansa Musa II. Tunisian historian Ibn Khaldun records that Maghan II succeeded his brother to the throne in 1387, but reigned for only two years before his throne was usurped by Sandaki in 1389.	Maghan II	Mansa
position held	Roestam Effendi (Perfected Spelling: Rustam Effendi; 13 May 1903 -- 24 May 1979) was an Indonesian writer and member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands.	Rustam Effendi	member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands
position held	Ashayet or Ashait was an ancient Egyptian queen consort, a lower ranking wife of Pharaoh Mentuhotep II of the 11th dynasty.	Ashayet	queen consort
position held	Elin Jones AM (born 1 September 1966), is a Welsh politician, born in Lampeter, who has represented Ceredigion for Plaid Cymru as a Member of the National Assembly for Wales since 1999.	Elin Jones	Member of the National Assembly for Wales
position held	Pope Victor I (died 199) was a bishop of Rome, and hence a pope, in the late second century.	Pope Victor I	bishop	pope
position held	Victor-Lucien-Sulpice Lécot (8 January 1831--19 December 1908) was a French archbishop and cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Victor-Lucien-Sulpice Lécot	archbishop	cardinal
position held	Sir Reginald Edward Stubbs, GCMG (Chinese: 司徒拔) (1876--1947) was a British colonial governor, who was once the Governor of Hong Kong.	Reginald Edward Stubbs	Governor of Hong Kong
position held	Geoffrey Stephen Pedley (known as Stephen; born 13 September 1940) was the Anglican Bishop of Lancaster from 1998 until 2005.	Stephen Pedley	Bishop of Lancaster
position held	Francis Xavier Ford, M.M., was an American bishop of the Catholic Church and a Maryknoll missionary in China.	Francis Xavier Ford	bishop
position held	Refik Koraltan (1889, Divriği, Sivas Province -- June 17, 1974, Istanbul) was a Turkish politician, having served as the Speaker of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey (TBMM) from May 22, 1950 to May 27, 1960.	Refik Koraltan	Speaker of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey
position held	Seth-Peribsen (also known as Ash-Peribsen, Peribsen and Perabsen) is the serekh name of an early Egyptian monarch (pharaoh), who ruled during the Second Dynasty of Egypt (c. 2890 -- c. 2686 BC).	Seth-Peribsen	pharaoh
position held	On his father's death in 1881, Henri Menier became mayor of Noisiel, an office he held for 32 years until his death in 1913.	Henri Menier	mayor
position held	Saint Gaugericus, in French Saint Géry (also known as Gorik, Gau; in Walloon, Djèri) (c. 550 -- August 11, 626) was a bishop of Cambrai, France.	Gaugericus	bishop
position held	Peter Paul Lefevere, or Lefebre (April 30, 1804 -- March 4, 1869), was a 19th-century Belgian born bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States.	Peter Paul Lefevere	bishop
position held	Scott McClellan (born February 14, 1968) is a former White House Press Secretary (2003--06) for President George W. Bush, and author of a controversial No. 1 New York Times bestseller about the Bush Administration titled What Happened.	Scott McClellan	White House Press Secretary
position held	George Berovich (Serbian: Đorđe Berović, Greek: Γεώργιος Βέροβιτς, Georgios Verovits, 1845--1897), known as Berovich Pasha (Turkish: Beroviç Paşa) was a Christian Ottoman statesman who served as Governor-General (wāli) of Crete and Prince of Samos.	George Berovich	Prince of Samos
position held	Davíð Oddsson (pronounced (ˈtaːvið ˈɔtːsɔn); born 17 January 1948) is an Icelandic politician, and the longest-serving Prime Minister of Iceland, holding office from 1991 to 2004.	Davíð Oddsson	Prime Minister of Iceland
position held	Eddie Ng Hak-kim SBS, JP (Chinese: 吳克儉, born c. 1953) is the Secretary for Education of Hong Kong.	Eddie Ng	Secretary for Education
position held	Pieter Both (1568 -- 6 March 1615) was the first Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies.	Pieter Both	Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies
position held	Rees Hill (April 1776 -- November 24, 1852) was a U.S. army colonel in the War of 1812, a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from Greene County, speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, and later a Pennsylvania State Senator.	Rees Hill	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Richard Phelan, D.D. (January 1, 1828 -- December 20, 1904) was an Irish-born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the fourth bishop of the Diocese of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in the United States from 1889 to 1904.	Richard Phelan	bishop
position held	John Duncan MacLean (8 December 1873, in Culloden, Prince Edward Island -- 28 March 1948, in Ottawa, Ontario) was a teacher, physician, politician and the 20th Premier of British Columbia, Canada.	John Duncan MacLean	Premier of British Columbia
position held	Martin M. Higgins (January 5, 1891 - May 27, 1950) was an American advertising man who spent one term as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and later served as a Milwaukee alderman.	Martin M. Higgins	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Sotirios Sotiropoulos (Greek: Σωτήριος Σωτηρόπουλος; Nafplio, 1831 -- Athens, 1898) was a Greek economist and politician who briefly served as Prime Minister of Greece.	Sotirios Sotiropoulos	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	Seneferankhre Pepi III may have been a pharaoh of the Sixteenth dynasty of Egypt during the Second Intermediate Period.	Pepi III	pharaoh
position held	Janaki Ballabh Patnaik (Odia: ଜାନକୀ ବଲ୍ଲଭ ପଟ୍ଟନାୟକ; 3 January 1927 -- 21 April 2015) was an Indian politician who has been Governor of Assam since 2009.	Janaki Ballabh Patnaik	Governor of Assam
position held	Ivan Grubišić (born 20 June 1936) is a retired Croatian Roman Catholic priest, sociologist, and former independent representative in the Croatian Parliament.	Ivan Grubišić	representative in the Croatian Parliament
position held	In the June 2009 elections, Véronique De Keyser was elected for her third mandate as member of the European Parliament, and at the same time beginning her first mandate as Vice-President of the Socialists and Democrats (S&D) Group.	Véronique De Keyser	member of the European Parliament
position held	Tim Greimel is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives, elected in a special election in 2012 to fill a vacancy created by the resignation of Tim Melton.	Tim Greimel	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
position held	Winthrop Rockefeller (May 1, 1912 -- February 22, 1973) was an American politician and philanthropist, who served as the first Republican Governor of Arkansas since Reconstruction.	Winthrop Rockefeller	Governor of Arkansas
position held	Hui Yin-fat, OBE, JP (born 28 April 1936, Guangzhou China) was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (1991--1995) for Social Services, member of the Executive Council in 1991 and member of the Provisional Legislative Council.	Hui Yin-fat	member of the Provisional Legislative Council
position held	Clifford William Robinson (September 1, 1866 -- July 27, 1944) was a New Brunswick lawyer, businessman and politician, the 12th Premier of New Brunswick.	Clifford William Robinson	Premier of New Brunswick
position held	Terry L. Punt (August 13, 1949 -- December 27, 2009) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate, representing the 33rd District from 1989 to 2008.	Terry L. Punt	member of the Pennsylvania State Senate
position played on team / speciality	Jonathan Nanizayamo (born 21 February 1992 in Tours) is a French-born Congolese footballer who currently plays for Ligue 2 side Lens as a forward.	Jonathan Nanizayamo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jack Sowerby (born 23 March 1995) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for League One side Fleetwood Town.	Jack Sowerby	forward
position played on team / speciality	Izet Hajrović (born 4 August 1991) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Spanish club Eibar on loan from German club Werder Bremen and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.	Izet Hajrović	winger
position played on team / speciality	Munga Eketebi is a Congolese American former soccer forward who is currently the head men's soccer coach at Broward College.	Munga Eketebi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jean Dalli (born 13 August 1976) is an English former footballer who played as a defender in the Football League for Colchester United.	Jean Dalli	defender
position played on team / speciality	Denis Onyango (born 15 May 1985 in Kampala) is a Ugandan footballer who plays for South African Premier Soccer League club Mamelodi Sundowns and Uganda as a goalkeeper.	Denis Onyango	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Litvak (Ukrainian: Сергій Літвяк) is a retired Chilean football goalkeeper.	Sergio Litvak	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Serge Kwetche (born 5 November 1976) was a Cameroonian footballer in midfielder role.	Serge Kwetche	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jamar Butler (born September 27, 1985) is a basketball point guard.	Jamar Butler	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Dieter Nüssing (born 15 August 1949 in Güls, a district in Koblenz) is a former German footballer who played as a midfielder.	Dieter Nüssing	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Anıl Dilaver (born November 20, 1990 in Trabzon, Turkey) is a Turkish footballer playing as forward for Bucaspor.	Anıl Dilaver	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kémoko Camara (born 4 May 1975, in Conakry) is a Guinean footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Kémoko Camara	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dirk Heinen (born 3 December 1970) is a former football goalkeeper.	Dirk Heinen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sharolta Nonen (born 30 December 1977, in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian former soccer defender and current assistant women's soccer coach at Georgia Gwinnett College.	Sharolta Nonen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hamza Elias (born 5 May 1993) is a Ghanaian association football midfielder.	Hamza Elias	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Montell Moore (born 23 December 1995) is an English football midfielder who is currently unattached.	Montell Moore	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Robert Sawyers (born 20 November 1978) in Birmingham, England, is a retired English professional footballer who played as a defender for Wolverhampton Wanderers and Barnet in the Football League.	Robert Sawyers	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jiří Skála (born 10 October 1973) is a Czech football midfielder.	Jiří Skála	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Malungisa Dlamini (born 3 April 1978) is a Swaziland international footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Malungisa Dlamini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Xiao Zhanbo (Simplified Chinese: 肖战波) (born July 22, 1975 in Liaoning, China) is a Chinese footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Xiao Zhanbo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fabien Lavoyer (born July 29, 1985 in Dijon, France) is a French midfielder currently playing for Championnat de France amateur side Luçon.	Fabien Lavoyer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pietro Fanna (born June 23, 1958 in Grimacco, Province of Udine) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player, who played in midfield, either as an attacking midfielder or as a winger.	Pietro Fanna	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Chow Ka Wa (Chinese: 鄒嘉華; Jyutping: zau1 gaa1 waa4 ; born 23 April 1986 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Southern as a right midfielder.	Chow Ka Wa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rob Laurie (born May 19, 1970) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender who played eleven years of minor league hockey mostly in the East Coast Hockey League.	Rob Laurie	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Shaaban (Arabic: محمد شعبان‎) (born 25 December 1984 in Egypt), is an Egyptian football attacking midfielder who currently plays for (Egyptian Premier League) side (El Mokawloon) as well as the Egyptian national team.	Mohamed Shaaban	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michael Mörz (born April 2, 1980) is an Austrian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder.	Michael Mörz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Arnal Llibert Conde Carbó (born 21 November 1980), known simply as Arnal, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward.	Arnal Llibert	forward
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Soares Forbs (born 14 April 1992) is a Bissau-Guinean football midfielder who currently plays for Atlético CP.	Vladimir Soares Forbs	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ömer Boncuk (1917 Ankara - August 1, 1988 Istanbul), formerly Ömer Albakır, was a Turkish football midfielder and a high school teacher for music.	Ömer Boncuk	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Adriano Reginato (born December 19, 1937 in Carbonera, Province of Treviso) is a former Italian football goalkeeper.	Adriano Reginato	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Senijad Ibričić (born 26 September 1985) is a Bosnian footballer who last played as an attacking midfielder for Iranian club Sepahan.	Senijad Ibričić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tim Weaver is a retired American soccer defender who played two seasons in Major League Soccer with the San Jose Clash.	Tim Weaver	defender
position played on team / speciality	George Shaya (born 30 October 1946) is a former association football forward who played for Dynamos and the Rhodesian national team during the 1960s and 1970s.	George Shaya	forward
position played on team / speciality	Amour Patrick Tignyemb (born June 14, 1985 in Douala) is a Cameroonian goalkeeper who currently plays for Bloemfontein Celtic in the South African Premier Soccer League.	Amour Patrick Tignyemb	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Wilson Greenwood (July 1871 -- January 1943) was an English footballer who played as an outside forward.	Wilson Greenwood	forward
position played on team / speciality	Edwin Towler was an English professional association football player who played as a goalkeeper.	Edwin Towler	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Paulo Sérgio Moreira Gonçalves (born 24 January 1984), known as Paulo Sérgio, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Bruneian club Brunei DPMM FC (which plays in the Singapore S.League) as a right winger.	Paulo Sérgio Moreira Gonçalves	winger
position played on team / speciality	Erwin Isaacs (born 21 December 1986 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African football (soccer) midfielder and striker for Premier Soccer League club Bidvest Wits and South Africa.	Erwin Isaacs	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ben Saynor (born 6 March 1989) is an English footballer who plays for Frickley Athletic as a goalkeeper.	Ben Saynor	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Amara Konaté (born 3 September 1990) is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Italian club Fezzanese as a forward.	Amara Konaté	forward
position played on team / speciality	Suat Kaya (born 26 August 1967) is a Turkish former footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and the current coach of Bucaspor.	Suat Kaya	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eusebio Chamorro (born November 22, 1922) is a former Argentine football goalkeeper, who played in several Argentine, Brazilian and Colombian top level clubs.	Eusebio Chamorro	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mario César Ramírez Estigarribia (born 25 May 1965, in Limpio, Paraguay) is a former football defender and coach.	Mario César Ramírez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gabino Rodríguez Rodríguez (born 18 June 1964 in Seville, Andalusia), known simply as Gabino, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Gabino Rodríguez Rodríguez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dmytro Bezotosnyi (Ukrainian: Дмитро Олександрович Безотосний; born 15 November 1983 in Khmelnytskyi) is a Ukrainian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Gabala FK.	Dmytro Bezotosnyi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Colin Cassidy (born 20 May 1988 in Dublin) is a goalkeeper currently playing for Kildare County.	Colin Cassidy	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mark Prudhoe (born 8 November 1963) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for 17 different Football League clubs.	Mark Prudhoe	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Danijel Subašić (pronounced (dânijel sûbaʃitɕ); born 27 October 1984) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for AS Monaco FC in Ligue 1 and the Croatian national team.	Danijel Subašić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Matthieu Dreyer (born 20 March 1989) is a French football player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Troyes AC.	Matthieu Dreyer	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Alves Júnior, better known as Carlos Alves (Lisbon, 10 October 1903 -- 12 November 1970), was a Portuguese footballer, who played as central defender.	Carlos Alves Júnior	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jonathan Aspropotamitis (born 7 June 1996), commonly known as Jonathan Aspro, is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Western Sydney Wanderers FC.	Jonathan Aspropotamitis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Diana Petrakieva (Bulgarian: Диана Петракиева) is a Bulgarian football midfielder currently playing in the Bulgarian Championship for NSA Sofia, with whom she has also played the Champions League.	Diana Petrakieva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Garrett Smith (born December 14, 1967 in Seattle, Washington) is a former U.S. soccer defender who played professionally in the Western Soccer League, American Professional Soccer League, Major Indoor Soccer League and Continental Indoor Soccer League.	Garrett Smith	defender
position played on team / speciality	Karl Mööl (born 4 March 1992) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays for Flora, as an attacking midfielder.	Karl Mööl	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Claudia von Lanken is a German former football goalkeeper and current manager.	Claudia von Lanken	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vito Leonetti (born 16 March 1994) is an Italian footballer who plays for Bari as a forward.	Vito Leonetti	forward
position played on team / speciality	Artem Hordiyenko (Ukrainian: Артем Олександрович Гордієнко, born 4 March 1991, Krasnyi Luch, Luhansk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Artem Hordiyenko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jon Conway (born May 6, 1977 in Media, Pennsylvania) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper and current goalkeeping coach for Toronto FC.	Jon Conway	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Srđan Obradović (Serbian Cyrillic: Cpђaн Oбpaдoвић ;born March 16, 1970 in Belgrade) is a Serbian former football defender.	Srđan Obradović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Luis Díaz Gutiérrez (born 28 June 1989) is an Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Spanish club CD Numancia as a right winger.	Jorge Luis Díaz Gutiérrez	winger
position played on team / speciality	Larry Dyck (born December 15, 1965) is a former Canadian ice hockey goaltender played the majority of his career in the International Hockey League.	Larry Dyck	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Bælum (born 5 June 1978) is a Danish professional footballer defender, who is now a player-coach for Danish Serie 3 side Grauballe UGF.	Thomas Bælum	defender
position played on team / speciality	João Manuel Dinis, commonly known as Comboio, (born 13 October 1979) is a Portuguese football defender curruntly playing for Omonia Aradippou.	João Manuel Dinis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Phil O'Connor (10 October 1953 -- 23 September 1985) was a footballer who played as a midfielder for Australia.	Phil O'Connor	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joni Myllykoski (born July 2, 1984 in Tornio) is a Finnish ice hockey goaltender.	Joni Myllykoski	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Lee Mears (born 5 March 1979 in Torquay) is a former English rugby union footballer, who played hooker at Bath.	Lee Mears	hooker
position played on team / speciality	Jaroslav Burgr (7 March 1906, in Velké Přítočno -- 15 September 1986) was a Czech football defender.	Jaroslav Burgr	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ananias Eloi Castro Monteiro (born January 20, 1989), simply known as Ananias, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.	Ananias Eloi Castro Monteiro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cauê Cecilio da Silva (born 24 mai 1989), commonly known as Cauê Cecilio, is a Brazilian footballer who recently played for Hapoel Tel Aviv in the Israeli Premier League, as a central midfielder.	Cauê Cecilio da Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Erland Hellström (Erland Folke Henry Hellström, born 16 December 1980) in Kaiserslautern, Germany is a former Swedish football goalkeeper who currently is a free agent after leaving Hammarby IF in a mutual consent agreement.	Erland Hellström	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lee Hyo-kyun (Hangul: 이효균; born 12 March 1988) is a South Korean football centre forward who plays for Incheon United.	Lee Hyo-kyun	forward
position played on team / speciality	Landon Wilson (born March 13, 1975) is a former American professional ice hockey right winger who last played for the Texas Stars of the AHL, where he served as team captain.	Landon Wilson	winger
position played on team / speciality	Andrés Domínguez Candal aka Pierita (December 16, 1918 - October 24, 1978) was a Spanish footballer who played as a forward.	Pierita	forward
position played on team / speciality	Rodrigo Suárez Peña (born 7 March 1986 in Utrera, Seville), commonly known as Rodri, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.	Rodrigo Suárez Peña	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Edin Prljača (born April 26, 1971) is a retired Bosnian goalkeeper and manager.	Edin Prljača	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José Aílton da Silva (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛ a.ˈiwtõⁿ dɐ ˈsiɫvɐ), born 8 September 1977) is a retired Brazilian--born Mexican player, who operated as an attacking midfielder and also as a left midfielder or winger in the same zone.	José Aílton da Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Fa'apale (born 3 May 1991) is a rugby union fly-half who plays for Vaiala and Samoa.	Patrick Fa'apale	fly-half
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Martínez Felipe (born 7 March 1990) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Numancia as a midfielder on loan from AD Alcorcón.	Antonio Martínez Felipe	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Willy Roy (born February 8, 1943 in Treuberg, Germany) is a retired U.S. soccer forward and coach.	Willy Roy	forward
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Ramsay (born 1 June 1984) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as a lock for Section Paloise in the Top 14.	Daniel Ramsay	lock
position played on team / speciality	Antun Rudinski (Serbian Cyrillic: Aнтун Pудинcки; born October 1, 1937 in Subotica, Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is a Serbian former football (soccer) player, as forward and also football manager.	Antun Rudinski	forward
position played on team / speciality	Semir Štilić (born 8 October 1987) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Cypriot club APOEL and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.	Semir Štilić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Collins John (born 17 October 1985 in Zwedru) is a Liberian-born Dutch footballer who last played as a forward for Pittsburgh Riverhounds.	Collins John	forward
position played on team / speciality	Luka Spetič (born 5 May 1982) is a Slovenian footballer, who plays as midfielder for Kras.	Luka Spetič	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jonathan Ñíguez Esclápez (born 2 April 1985), commonly known as Jony, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Slovenian club FC Koper as a midfielder.	Jonathan Ñíguez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sam Jeffries (born 20 May 1992) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays as a lock for the Melbourne Rebels in the international Super Rugby competition.	Sam Jeffries	lock
position played on team / speciality	Alireza Ghadiri (Persian: علیرضا قدیری‎‎, born 8 October 1979) is an Iranian football goalkeeper, currently playing for Saba.	Alireza Ghadiri	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Luccas Claro dos Santos commonly known as Luccas Claro (born 2 October 1991) in Ribeirão Preto, Brazil is a Brazilian football (soccer) player who plays as a defender for Coritiba in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.	Luccas Claro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jürgen Stars (born 24 June 1948) is a former professional footballer from Germany that played goalkeeper in the Bundesliga and the North American Soccer League.	Jürgen Stars	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andrew Fontein (born 3 March 1990, in Las Vegas, Nevada) is an American soccer player who last played as a goalkeeper for Minnesota United.	Andrew Fontein	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Amir Reza Nasr Azadani (born February 7, 1996) is an Iranian football player who currently plays for Rah Ahan in the Persian Gulf Pro League as a defender.	Amir Reza Nasr Azadani	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ilan Bakhar (Hebrew: אילן בכר‎; born May 17, 1975 in Ramat Gan) is a retired Israeli footballer, who played as a right defender.	Ilan Bakhar	defender
position played on team / speciality	Clare Rustad (born May 27, 1983) is a Canadian former soccer midfielder.	Clare Rustad	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sylvain Legwinski (born 6 October 1973 in Clermont-Ferrand) is a retired French footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Sylvain Legwinski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eva Russo (born 2 September 1966) is an Italian former international football goalkeeper.	Eva Russo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lyanco Evangelista Silveira Neves Vojnović (Serbian Cyrillic: Лијанко Еванжелиста Силвеира Невес Војновић; (born 1 February 1997), simply known as Lyanco, is a Brazilian-born Serbian professional footballer who plays for São Paulo FC as a central defender.	Lyanco	defender
position played on team / speciality	Henryk Wawrowski (born 25 September 1949 in Szczecin, Poland) is a former international Polish footballer who played as a defender.	Henryk Wawrowski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mike Heald is a retired American soccer midfielder who spent most of his career with professional teams in Florida.	Mike Heald	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andre Meier (born 3 March 1965) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a midfielder during the 1980s and 1990s.	Andre Meier	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Enrique González Casín (born 16 May 1990), commonly known as Quique, is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Almería as a forward.	Enrique González Casín	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dragan Jakovljević (Serbian Cyrillic: Дpaгaн Jaкoвљeвић, born February 23, 1962) is a Bosnian Serb forward who played for FK Sarajevo and SFR Yugoslavia.	Dragan Jakovljević	forward
position played on team / speciality	David Ikin (born 18 February 1946) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Port Vale and Winsford United in the 1960s.	David Ikin	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ryan Coiner (born September 7, 1979, in Aliso Viejo, California) is a retired American soccer forward who played professionally in Germany and Major League Soccer.	Ryan Coiner	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dante Crippa (born March 10, 1937 in Ronco Briantino) is a retired Italian professional football player, who played as a midfielder, either as a winger, as an attacking midfielder, or as a central midfielder.	Dante Crippa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Kogler (born 16 August 1988 in Austria) is an Austrian football midfielder player who plays for SV Horn.	Daniel Kogler	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bob Pryde (25 April 1913, in Methil, Fife -- 1998) was a Scottish football midfielder who played for East Fife, St Johnstone and Blackburn Rovers.	Bob Pryde	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wellington da Silva Pinto (born 30 September 1991 in Bauru), simply known as Wellington, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Ponte Preta, on loan from Palmeiras, as a central defender.	Wellington da Silva Pinto	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohammad Ali Faramarzi (Persian: محمدعلی فرامرزی‎‎) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Iranian football club Padideh in the Iran Pro League.	Mohammad Ali Faramarzi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mark Bosnich (born 13 January 1972) is an Australian former goalkeeper and sports pundit.	Mark Bosnich	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	John Shield (born 10 April 1915) was an English footballer who played as a defender.	John Shield	defender
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Juan Vacas Navarro (born 21 November 1979 in Córdoba, Andalusia), commonly known as Curro Vacas, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for UB Conquense as a central midfielder.	Curro Vacas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manuela Zinsberger (born 19 October 1995) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for German Frauen Bundesliga club Bayern Munich and the Austria national team.	Manuela Zinsberger	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Steve Aizlewood (9 October 1952 -- 6 August 2013) was a Welsh footballer and a one-time Wales Under-23 international defender.	Steve Aizlewood	defender
position played on team / speciality	Franjo Šoštarić (1 August 1919 -- 27 August 1975) was a Croatian football goalkeeper who competed internationally for Yugoslavia.	Franjo Šoštarić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Glan Letheren (born 1 May 1956 in Neath) is a Welsh former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a goalkeeper for Leeds United, Scunthorpe United, Chesterfield and Swansea City.	Glan Letheren	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Valeri Aleksanyan (Armenian: Վալերի Ալեքսանյան, born on 4 September 1984 in Yerevan, Soviet Union) is an Armenian football player who currently plays defender for the Armenian national team.	Valeri Aleksanyan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lu Feng (Chinese: 陆峰; born 12 November 1981 in Luoyang) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays as a midfielder.	Lu Feng	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Fabián Ramírez (born 3 February 1977 in Esquina, Corrientes) is an Argentine football goalkeeper.	José Fabián Ramírez	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Irakli Machkhaneli (born Tbilisi, 18 June 1981) is a retired Georgian rugby union player, who played as a wing.	Irakli Machkhaneli	wing
position played on team / speciality	Guga Palavandishvili (Georgian: გუგა ფალავანდიშვილი; born 14 August 1993) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Dila Gori.	Guga Palavandishvili	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Derek Backman (born January 6, 1966 in South Africa) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who played in the USISL.	Derek Backman	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marco Gallozzi (born 27 July 1988) is an Italian professional footballer who plays midfielder for Reggina Calcio.	Marco Gallozzi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michael Trajkovski is an Australia professional footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Western Sydney Wanderers FC.	Michael Trajkovski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Labinot Sheholli (Serbian: Лабинот Шехоли, Labinot Šeholi) (born 9 July 1988) is an ethnic Albanian professional footballer from Kosovo who plays for Swiss side FC Köniz as an defensive midfielder.	Labinot Sheholli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Octavian Abrudan (born 16 March 1984 in Cluj-Napoca) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a centre back.	Octavian Abrudan	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Dylan Mottley-Henry (born 2 August 1997) is an English professional footballer who plays for Altrincham, on loan from Bradford City, as a winger.	Dylan Mottley-Henry	winger
position played on team / speciality	Mohd Farhan Abu Bakar is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Harimau Muda A. Farhan represented Malaysia national football team in 2013 Summer Universiade as a second choice behind Mohd Izham Tarmizi.	Mohd Farhan Abu Bakar	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Žarko Dragaš (Cyrillic: Жарко Драгаш, born on 15 June 1971) is a former Montenegrin football midfielder.	Žarko Dragaš	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Warren Donald (born 7 October 1964) is an English-born footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League in the 1980s and 1990s.	Warren Donald	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kyle Cumiskey (born December 2, 1986) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Rockford IceHogs of the American Hockey League while under contract to Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Kyle Cumiskey	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Antonio Pavón Rodríguez (born 28 January 1977 in La Ceiba) is a retired Honduran professional football midfielder who most prominently played for local side Vida.	Francisco Antonio Pavón	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jacole Turner (born May 13, 1994) is an American soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for Gorilla Elite FC in the UPSL (United Premier Soccer League).	Jacole Turner	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Leicy Santos (born 16 May 1996) is a Colombian international footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for the Colombian national team and Iowa Central Community College.	Leicy Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Maurantonio (born 7 June 1981 in Bari, Italy) is an Italian goalkeeper who currently plays for Carpi in Serie B.	Roberto Maurantonio	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Joseph Jadrzejczak, known as Joseph Jadrejak (born 20 February 1918 in Gladbeck, Westphalia, Germany - died 24 November 1990 in Saint-André-lez-Lille), is a former French international footballer and manager who played as a defender, and was part of the famed Lille team of the late 1940s.	Joseph Jadrejak	defender
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Nyirenda (born January 28, 1986 in Zambia) is a Zambian football player who currently plays for Zanaco FC and for the Zambia national football team as a defender.	Thomas Nyirenda	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milan Hoek (born 8 September 1991) is a footballer who plays as a defender for Quick Boys Katwijk in the Hoofdklasse.	Milan Hoek	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fernando Trío Zabala (born 8 July 1939), known as Nando Yosu, is a Spanish retired football midfielder and manager.	Nando Yosu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Guillaume Cros (born 19 April 1995) is a French footballer who currently plays as a defender for Ligue 2 side FC Sochaux-Montbéliard.	Guillaume Cros	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eve Badana (born 9 July 1993) is an international football goalkeeper.	Eve Badana	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bob Stetler was an American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Bob Stetler	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Phan Văn Santos (born Fábio dos Santos on 30 September 1977 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a naturalized Vietnamese football goalkeeper, who plays for An Giang F.C. in the V-League.	Phan Văn Santos	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Abdul-Wahab Abu Al-Hail Labid (Arabic: عبدالوهاب ابولهیل لابد‎, born 21 September 1976) is a coach and former Iraqi football midfielder.	Abdul-Wahab Abu Al-Hail	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rivaldo Vítor Borba Ferreira Júnior, commonly known as Rivaldinho or Rivaldo Júnior (born 29 April 1995) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for XV de Piracicaba, as a forward.	Rivaldinho	forward
position played on team / speciality	Eduardo Souza Reis or simply Esquerdinha (born 9 January 1984 in Montanha), is a Brazilian football (soccer) midfielder.	Eduardo Souza Reis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cleiton Januário Franco or simply Cleiton Kanu (born 17 May 1985 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian forward.	Cleiton Januário Franco	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dimitris Rizos (Greek: Δημήτρης Ρίζος; born 7 October 1976) is a Greek football goalkeeper.	Dimitris Rizos	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Hendrik Van Crombrugge (born 30 April 1991) is a Belgian football player, who currently plays for K.A.S. Eupen as a goalkeeper	Hendrik Van Crombrugge	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stuart Bannigan (born 17 September 1992) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Partick Thistle in the Scottish Premiership as a midfielder.	Stuart Bannigan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ra'fat Ali Jabr (born 20 May 1975) is a retired Jordanian football player of Palestinian origin, who played as an attacking midfielder for Al-Wahdat SC.	Ra'fat Ali	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ruslan Amirov (Russian: Руслан Амиров), born 14 October 1990, is a Kyrgyzstani footballer of Tatar descent, who is a goalkeeper for Turanspor in Bölgesel Amatör Lig, where he plays with his older brother Ildar.	Ruslan Amirov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tomas Delininkaitis (born June 11, 1982) is a Lithuanian basketball shooting guard who currently plays for Rethymno Cretan Kings of the Greek Basket League.	Tomas Delininkaitis	shooting guard
position played on team / speciality	Zlatko Gocevski (born April 9, 1982) is a Macedonian professional basketball power forward who currently for Strumica.	Zlatko Gocevski	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Losseni Konaté (born 29 December 1972) is a former football goalkeeper from Côte d'Ivoire.	Losseni Konaté	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jack Redshaw (born 20 November 1990) is a footballer who plays as a forward for Blackpool.	Jack Redshaw	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sami Khedira (German pronunciation: (ˈsami keˈdiːʁa); Arabic: سامي خضيرة‎; born 4 April 1987) is a German footballer who plays for Juventus and the German national team as a defensive midfielder.	Sami Khedira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Felipe Ruvalcaba Clareños (born 16 February 1941) is a Mexican football forward who played for Mexico in the 1962 and 1966 FIFA World Cups.	Felipe Ruvalcaba	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kostadin Yanchev (Bulgarian: Костадин Янчев; born 19 March 1963) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder.	Kostadin Yanchev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ángel Atienza Landeta (16 March 1931 - 22 August 2015 in Madrid) was a Spanish artist and retired footballer who played as a defender for Real Madrid, with whom he won the inaugural European Cup.	Ángel Atienza	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alain Muana Kizamba (born November 10, 1980), is a goalkeeper from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Alain Muana Kizamba	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bruno Candido Farias, commonly known as Bruno Farias (born 20 November 1987 in Panorama, São Paulo) is a Brazilian football player at the position of midfielder.	Bruno Candido Farias	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paul Jatta (born 21 February 1991) is a Gambian footballer who is a midfielder currently playing for FC Fyn in the Danish League 1.	Paul Jatta	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sander Westerveld (born 23 October 1974) is a retired Dutch professional football goalkeeper who is currently the goalkeeping coach of South African Premier Soccer League club Ajax Cape Town.	Sander Westerveld	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Branislav Milošević (Serbian Cyrillic: Бpaниcлaв Mилoшeвић ; born 13 May 1988) is a Serbian football defender.	Branislav Milošević	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marián Zimen (born 3 August 1980) is a former Slovak football defender, who was the best known as a player of MFK Dubnica.	Marián Zimen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Miguel Ángel Moyà Rumbo (Spanish pronunciation: (miˈɣel ˈaŋxel moˈʝa); born 2 April 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Atlético Madrid as a goalkeeper.	Miguel Ángel Moyà	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Saša Ćurčić (Serbian Cyrillic: Саша Ћурчић; born 14 February 1972) is a Serbian former football midfielder.	Saša Ćurčić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Simone Scuffet (Italian pronunciation: (siˈmone skufˈfɛt); born 31 May 1996) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie B club Como, on loan from Udinese.	Simone Scuffet	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Joseph Auseline Jean-Guy Talbot (born July 11, 1932 in Cap-de-la-Madeleine, Quebec) is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman and coach.	Jean-Guy Talbot	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Gladstone Hamilton (born 23 July 1879) was a Scottish footballer who played as a right winger.	Gladstone Hamilton	winger
position played on team / speciality	Tom Dutra is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who is currently the goalkeeper coach for Seattle Sounders FC of Major League Soccer	Tom Dutra	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Roman Kornilov (born 30 March 1981) is a Kyrgyzstani international footballer who plays for Sher-Ak-Dan Bishkek, as a forward.	Roman Kornilov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Aldo Teqja (born 4 May 1995 in Tiranë) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Cypriot club Anorthosis Famagusta and the Albania national team U21.	Aldo Teqja	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Samid Beganović (born 21 January, 1960) is a retired Yugoslav footballer who played as a centre forward.	Samid Beganović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gaëlle Thalmann (born 18 January 1986) is a Swiss football goalkeeper, currently playing for Bundesliga side MSV Duisburg.	Gaëlle Thalmann	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dan Woodards (18 November 1886 -- 1964) was an English footballer who played as a wing half for West Ham United until his retirement from football in 1921.	Dan Woodards	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Mitar Peković (Serbian Cyrillic: Митар Пековић; born 28 September 1981) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Bežanija in the Serbian First League.	Mitar Peković	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jeremy Thrush (born 19 April 1985) is a rugby union lock who plays for the Hurricanes in Super Rugby and Wellington Lions in the ITM Cup.	Jeremy Thrush	lock
position played on team / speciality	Serhiy Rozhok (Ukrainian: Сергій Володимирович Рожок; born 25 April 1985 in Slavutych, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who is currently playing for Belshina Bobruisk.	Serhiy Rozhok	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gianluca Curci (born 12 July 1985 in Rome) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Mainz.	Gianluca Curci	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Malcolm Beard (born 3 May 1942) is an English former professional footballer born in Cannock, Staffordshire, who made more than 350 appearances in the Football League playing as a wing half.	Malcolm Beard	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Rex Willis (25 October 1924 -- 19 January 2000) was a Welsh international rugby union scrum-half who played club rugby for Cardiff and invitational rugby for the Barbarians.	Rex Willis	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Angelos Basinas (Greek: Άγγελος Μπασινάς, born on 3 January 1976 in Chalkida, Greece) is a retired Greek international footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Angelos Basinas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	James Lukram Singh (born 1 March 1981 in Imphal) is an Indian football player who plays as a winger for United Sikkim F.C.	James Lukram Singh	winger
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Martín Ruiz (born 17 July 1987) is an Argentine football forward currently playing for Nueva Chicago.	Pablo Martín Ruiz	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alex Crockett (born 20 November 1981 in Bath, Somerset, England) is a former English rugby union player, who played at centre.	Alex Crockett	centre
position played on team / speciality	Ángel Eloy Campos (born May 31, 1942) is a former Peruvian football defender, who played for the Peru national team between 1963 and 1972, gaining 46 caps.	Eloy Campos	defender
position played on team / speciality	Niasidji Donou Kokou (born 24 April 1991) is a Togolese footballer who currently plays for Maranatha as defender or midfielder.	Donou Kokou	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adam Taylor (born June 24, 1984) is a Canadian ice hockey right winger who is currently playing for the Victoria Salmon Kings of the ECHL.	Adam Taylor	winger
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Kyriakou (Greek: Ανδρέας Κυριάκου, born 5 February 1994) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for AEL Limassol as a defender.	Andreas Kyriakou	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fred Sutcliffe (born 29 May 1931) is an English former footballer who played as a wing half in the Football League for Chester.	Fred Sutcliffe	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Cassano (Italian pronunciation: (anˈtɔnjo kasˈsano); born 12 July 1982) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Serie A club Sampdoria.	Antonio Cassano	forward
position played on team / speciality	Fabián Hormazábal (born 26 April 1996) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for Primera División club O'Higgins as a forward.	Fabián Hormazábal	forward
position played on team / speciality	Robert Enke (24 August 1977 -- 10 November 2009) was a German football goalkeeper.	Robert Enke	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ron Powell (2 December 1929 -- 1992) was a footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League between 1948 and 1964, and who played over 500 senior games.	Ron Powell	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Celestino Marques Silva Ilnhasse (born 20 May 1988) is a football midfielder from Guinea-Bissau who last played in the Romanian Liga I at Farul Constanţa.	Celestino Marques Silva Ilnhasse	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jules Limbeck (Hungarian: Gyula Limbeck; born in Romania, died in 1955) was a Franco-Hungarian professional football forward and manager.	Jules Limbeck	forward
position played on team / speciality	Serge Tatiefang (also known as El Tati ), (born 25 August 1987 in Akom II) is a Cameroonian defensive midfielder, He currently plays for Skonto FC in Virsliga.	Serge Tatiefang	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	William Povey (born 11 January 1943), also known as Bill Povey, is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for York City, and was on the books of Middlesbrough without making a league appearance.	William Povey	winger
position played on team / speciality	Dejan Drakul (23 May 1988 in Gacko -- 27 May 2014 in Bijeljina) was a Bosnian football midfielder.	Dejan Drakul	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vicente Moscardó Ferrando (born 5 April 1987 in Valencia) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Mérida AD as a defensive midfielder.	Vicente Moscardó	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Siri Nordby (born 4 August 1978) is a Norwegian football defender who played over fifteen years for Røa in Norway's Toppserien league.	Siri Nordby	defender
position played on team / speciality	Raimondas Vainoras (born 16 July 1965) is a retired Lithuanian football defender, who last played for Auda Riga in Latvia during his professional career.	Raimondas Vainoras	defender
position played on team / speciality	Justin Tipuric (born 6 August 1989) is a Welsh international rugby union player who plays for Wales as an openside flanker.	Justin Tipuric	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Michelle Hinnigan (born 12 June 1990) is an English women's association football midfielder.	Michelle Hinnigan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Miyuki Yanagita (born 11 April 1981) is a Japanese former football midfielder, who most recently played for Urawa Red Diamonds in Japan's L. League.	Miyuki Yanagita	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cristian Sosa (born 19 February 1985 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer who currently plays mainly as a right defender for Alessandria Calcio.	Cristian Sosa	defender
position played on team / speciality	Heinz Stuy (born 6 February 1945, Wanne-Eickel) is a former Dutch football goalkeeper who played for AFC Ajax and was part of their European Cup victories in 1971, 1972 and 1973.	Heinz Stuy	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Charlie Fajkus (born March 4, 1957 in the United States) is a retired American soccer midfielder who spent six seasons in the North American Soccer League and five in the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Charlie Fajkus	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kareem Harris (born 6 January 1988 in Saint Kitts and Nevis) is an Kittian international footballer playing as a defender for Washington Archibald HS.	Kareem Harris	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jay Lovett (born 2 January 1978) is an English football defender and midfielder who plays for Metropolitan Police.	Jay Lovett	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vitālijs Astafjevs (rus. Виталий Астафьев, born 3 April 1971 in Riga) is a former Latvian football midfielder.	Vitālijs Astafjevs	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Issa Sarr (born 9 October 1986) is a Senegalese professional footballer, who is recently signed as a midfielder by Orlando Pirates.	Issa Sarr	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ihor Bazhan (born 2 December 1981 in Kirovohrad, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football retired goalkeeper who played for FC Illichivets Mariupol in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Ihor Bazhan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Emilko Janković (born 27 March 1984 in Banja Luka) is a Bosnian football defender currently playing as a defender for NK Karlovac in the Croatian Prva HNL.	Emilko Janković	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eduardo Gerolami (born 10 March 1952) is a Uruguayan former football defender who played professionally in Uruguay, Spain and Mexico.	Eduardo Gerolami	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy Alison is a footballer who played as a wing half in the Football League for Manchester City and Aldershot.	Jimmy Alison	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Herschel Oulio Sanchez Watt (born 14 February 1991), more commonly known as Sanchez Watt, is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward or winger for Kerala Blasters FC.	Sanchez Watt	winger
position played on team / speciality	Sebastian Ryall (born 18 July 1989) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as a defender for Sydney FC.	Sebastian Ryall	defender
position played on team / speciality	Oleh Herasymyuk (Ukrainian: Олег Герасимюк, born 22 September 1986 in Volodymyr-Volynskyi, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder for Arsenal Kyiv.	Oleh Herasymyuk	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Iván Knez (born 21 July 1974 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine-Swiss former footballer who played as a defender during the 1990s and 2000s.	Iván Knez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Blagomir Mastagarkov (Bulgarian: Благомир Мастагарков; born 12 March 1992 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for Maritsa Plovdiv as a forward.	Blagomir Mastagarkov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Federico Crovari (born 20 April 1975 in Milan) is an Italian former association football midfielder.	Federico Crovari	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gary Hooper (born 26 January 1988) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Sheffield Wednesday.	Gary Hooper	forward
position played on team / speciality	Leszek Pisz (Polish pronunciation: (ˈlɛʂɛk ˈpiʂ)) (born 18 December 1966 in Dębica) is a former Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Leszek Pisz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kevon Clement (born October 23, 1983 in Trinidad) is a Trinidad and Tobago football player, who plays as a midfielder for United Petrotrin (TT Pro League).	Kevon Clement	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Frank Rawcliffe (10 December 1921 -- December 1986) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward.	Frank Rawcliffe	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mike Sgroi (born August 14, 1978) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who is currently an unrestricted free agent.	Mike Sgroi	winger
position played on team / speciality	Phil Wellington (born September 25, 1972 in Des Moines, Iowa) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who played collegiately for Georgetown University and professionally in the MLS & USISL.	Phil Wellington	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Plamen Tenev (Bulgarian: Пламен Тенев; born 13 June 1995 in Radnevo) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Vereya on loan from Beroe Stara Zagora.	Plamen Tenev	defender
position played on team / speciality	LaMurriel Page (born September 18, 1975) is a former American college and professional basketball player who was a forward and center in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) for eleven seasons.	Murriel Page	center
position played on team / speciality	Iliya Nikolov (Bulgarian: Илия Николов; born 14 July 1986) is a Bulgarian footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper.	Iliya Nikolov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Artur Filipe Bernardes Moreira (born 18 February 1984 in Cacia, Aveiro), known simply as Artur, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for F.C. Arouca as an attacking midfielder.	Artur Filipe Bernardes Moreira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bob Tombari (born August 2, 1946) is a former professional ice hockey left winger.	Bob Tombari	winger
position played on team / speciality	Derek Reeves (27 August 1934 -- 22 May 1995) was an English footballer, born in Poole, Dorset, who played as a centre forward for Southampton and Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic in the Football League.	Derek Reeves	forward
position played on team / speciality	Elliot Chorley (born September 12, 1931 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) was a Canadian ice hockey right winger who played 633 professional games, scored 216 goals, 292 assists for a total of 508 career points.	Elliot Chorley	winger
position played on team / speciality	Cecil Pemberton was a professional footballer who played as a centre forward.	Cecil Pemberton	forward
position played on team / speciality	Hamed Khosravi (Persian: حامد خسروی‎, August 25, 1992 in Tabriz, Iran) is an Iranian football midfielder, who currently plays for Esteghlal in Iran's Premier Football League.	Hamed Khosravi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rachid Berouas is a Moroccan footballer who plays as midfielder for KAC Kenitra in the Moroccan Premier League.	Rachid Berouas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jukka Lehtovaara (born 15 March 1988, Turku) is a Finnish football goalkeeper.	Jukka Lehtovaara	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Norbert Csölle (born 18 June 1992) is a Slovak football midfielder of Hungarian ethnicity who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda.	Norbert Csölle	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Deividas Pukis (born January 10, 1992, Kaunas, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player whose position is shooting guard.	Deividas Pukis	shooting guard
position played on team / speciality	Jim Lumby is a footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Grimsby Town, Scunthorpe United, Carlisle United, Tranmere Rovers and Mansfield Town.	Jim Lumby	forward
position played on team / speciality	Luiz Alberto Leite Sousa (born 2 November 1982), commonly known as Luiz Alberto, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Famalicão.	Luiz Alberto	defender
position played on team / speciality	David Babunski (Macedonian: Давид Бабунски; born 1 March 1994) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder, who plays for Red Star Belgrade.	David Babunski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Emmanuel Danilo Clementino Silva (born 5 March 1982), also known as Danilo, is a Brazilian-born naturalized Equatoguinean football goalkeeper, who currently plays for Alecrim.	Danilo Clementino	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Augusto Lamela da Silva (born 6 February 1939) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a defender, bul could also operate as a midfielder.	Augusto Lamela da Silva	defender
position played on team / speciality	Srboljub Krivokuća (Serbian Cyrillic: Србољуб Кривокућа; 14 March 1928 -- 22 December 2002) was a Serbian football goalkeeper and manager.	Srboljub Krivokuća	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mitchell Thomas (born 2 October 1964 in Luton) is a retired English football defender.	Mitchell Thomas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alex Sandro da Silva or simply Alex Silva (born 10 March 1985 in Amparo, São Paulo), is a Brazilian central defender who plays for Rio Claro.	Alex Sandro da Silva	defender
publication date	The Height (Russian: Высота, Translit.: Vysota) is a 1957 Soviet drama film produced at Mosfilm and directed by Aleksander Zarkhi after the same name novel written by Evgeny Vorobyov.	The Height	1957
publication date	The Shadow Men is a 1997 movie in which a married couple, Bob and Dez Wilson, and their 12-year-old son Andy are being accosted by a blinding light when driving home from a daytrip.	The Shadow Men	1997
publisher	My Life at First Try is a 2008 semi-autobiographical flash fiction novel by Mark Budman that was published by Counterpoint Press.	My Life at First Try	Counterpoint
publisher	Ombria in Shadow is a fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip, first published by Ace Books in 2002.	Ombria in Shadow	Ace Books
publisher	The Journal of Chemical Theory and Computation is a peer-reviewed scientific journal, established in 2005 by the American Chemical Society.	Journal of Chemical Theory and Computation	American Chemical Society
publisher	The Age of Innocence is Edith Wharton's twelfth novel, initially serialized in four parts in the Pictorial Review magazine in 1920, and later released by D. Appleton and Company as a book in New York and in London.	The Age of Innocence	D. Appleton and Company
publisher	Play with the Teletubbies is an educational kids video game based on the children's television series Teletubbies and released in 2000 for PlayStation and PC, developed by Asylum Entertainment Ltd. and Knowledge Adventure.	Play with the Teletubbies	Knowledge Adventure
publisher	The Ultimate Galactus Trilogy is a collection of three comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics.	Ultimate Galactus Trilogy	Marvel Comics
publisher	Chemical Society Reviews is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry, for review articles on topics of current interest in chemistry.	Chemical Society Reviews	Royal Society of Chemistry
publisher	The Colorado Kid is a mystery novel written by Stephen King for the Hard Case Crime imprint, published in 2005.	The Colorado Kid	Hard Case Crime
publisher	Chemical Communications, also known as ChemComm, is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry.	Chemical Communications	Royal Society of Chemistry
publisher	Wings of Death is a 1990 shoot 'em up video game developed by Eclipse Software and published by Thalion Software, released originally for the Atari ST and then ported for the Amiga.	Wings of Death	Thalion Software
publisher	The Journal of Infrared, Millimeter, and Terahertz Waves is monthly a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.	Journal of Infrared, Millimeter, and Terahertz Waves	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Greatest Heavyweights is a boxing video game that was published by Sega in 1994.	Greatest Heavyweights	Sega
publisher	How Wikipedia Works (And How You Can Be a Part of It) is published by No Starch Press, part of their series of technical how-to books.	How Wikipedia Works	No Starch Press
publisher	Danger on Vampire Trail is Volume 50 of the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.	Danger on Vampire Trail	Grosset & Dunlap
publisher	Broforce is a side-scrolling run and gun platform video game developed by Free Lives and published by Devolver Digital.	Broforce	Devolver Digital
publisher	The Journal of Applied Corporate Finance is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Morgan Stanley.	Journal of Applied Corporate Finance	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Rails Across America is a railroad simulation game released in late 2001 by developer Flying Lab Software and publisher Strategy First.	Rails Across America	Strategy First
publisher	The Sting! is a strategy/adventure video game developed by Neo Software and released by JoWooD Entertainment on 1 July 2001.	The Sting!	JoWooD Entertainment
publisher	The Life and Death of Democracy is a 2009 book by John Keane and published by Simon & Schuster.	The Life and Death of Democracy	Simon & Schuster
publisher	Psychology of Addictive Behaviors is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of the American Psychological Association that publishes original articles related to the psychological aspects of addictive behaviors.	Psychology of Addictive Behaviors	American Psychological Association
publisher	Super Mario Land is a 1989 side-scrolling platform video game, the fourth in the Super Mario series, developed and published by Nintendo as a launch title for their Game Boy handheld game console.	Super Mario Land	Nintendo
publisher	Lebensmittel-Wissenschaft & Technologie ((English), Food Science & Technology) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.	Lebensmittel-Wissenschaft & Technologie	Elsevier
publisher	Monstania is a tactical role-playing video game released for the SNES in 1996 by Pack-In-Video.	Monstania	Pack-In-Video
publisher	Acta Neuropathologica is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of neuropathology published by Springer Science+Business Media.	Acta Neuropathologica	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Edgar & Ellen created by Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing, is based on two twelve-year-old twins who cause mischief and mayhem in their sickly sweet town, Nod's Limbs.	Edgar & Ellen	Simon & Schuster
publisher	Gynecological Endocrinology is published by Informa and is edited by Anrea R. Genazzani (University of Pisa, Italy).	Gynecological Endocrinology	Informa
publisher	Optical Review is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1994 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media in partnership with the Optical Society of Japan.	Optical Review	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Nature China (simplified Chinese: 自然中国; traditional Chinese: 自然中國; pinyin: Zìrán Zhōngguó) is an online publication by Nature Publishing Group (NPG) that highlights the best research being produced in Hong Kong and Mainland China in science and medicine.	Nature China	Nature Publishing Group
publisher	ToeJam & Earl in Panic on Funkotron is a platform video game, developed by Johnson Voorsanger Productions and published by Sega in 1993 for the Mega Drive.	ToeJam & Earl in Panic on Funkotron	Sega
publisher	Physics of the Earth and Planetary Interiors, established in October 1967, is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.	Physics of the Earth and Planetary Interiors	Elsevier
publisher	The Armies of the Night is a nonfiction novel written by Norman Mailer and published by New American Library in 1968.	The Armies of the Night	New American Library
publisher	The European Journal of Medicinal Chemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering medicinal chemistry published by Elsevier.	European Journal of Medicinal Chemistry	Elsevier
publisher	Acupuncture in Medicine is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the BMJ Group on behalf of the British Medical Acupuncture Society that covers clinical, experimental, technical and basic science aspects of medical acupuncture and related techniques.	Acupuncture in Medicine	BMJ
publisher	The Dune Encyclopedia was published by Berkley Books, an imprint of Putnam, the publisher of all of Frank Herbert's Dune novels; the cover called the work ``complete'' and ``authorized.''	The Dune Encyclopedia	Berkley Books
publisher	Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon 2 is a tactical shooter video game developed by Red Storm Entertainment and published by Ubisoft for Xbox, PlayStation 2 and GameCube.	Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon 2	Ubisoft
publisher	Featuring Technician Ted, is a platform computer game for the Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum home computers that was published in 1984 by Hewson Consultants.	Technician Ted	Hewson Consultants
publisher	Cell Death & Differentiation is a peer reviewed academic journal published by Nature Publishing Group.	Cell Death & Differentiation	Nature Publishing Group
publisher	The Infernal was first published in Australia in 1997 by Random House in paperback format.	The Infernal	Random House
publisher	Drol is a 1983 computer game published by Brøderbund.	Drol	Brøderbund
publisher	The Journal of Consumer Affairs is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1967 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Council on Consumer Interests.	Journal of Consumer Affairs	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	The Vermillion Literary Project Magazine is an award-winning American literary magazine distributed by the University of South Dakota.	Vermillion Literary Project Magazine	University of South Dakota
publisher	Social Issues and Policy Review is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues along with Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy and the Journal of Social Issues.	Social Issues and Policy Review	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Transhuman Space (THS) is a role-playing game published by Steve Jackson Games as parts of the ``Powered by GURPS'' (Generic Universal Role-Playing System) line.	Transhuman Space	Steve Jackson Games
publisher	The Doubtful Guest is a short, illustrated book by Edward Gorey, first published by Doubleday in 1957.	The Doubtful Guest	Doubleday
publisher	Argumentation and Advocacy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Forensic Association, edited by Harry Weger of the University of Central Florida.	Argumentation and Advocacy	American Forensic Association
publisher	Le Capital au XXIe siècle, Éditions du Seuil, Paris, 2013, ISBN 978-2021082289 (French) Capital in the Twenty-First Century, Harvard University Press, 2014, ISBN 978-0674430006	Capital in the Twenty-First Century	Éditions du Seuil
publisher	Lode Runner is a platform video game first published by Brøderbund in 1983.	Lode Runner	Brøderbund
publisher	Superior Beings is a BBC Books original novel written by Nick Walters and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Superior Beings	BBC Books
publisher	Fasting, Feasting is a novel by Indian writer Anita Desai, first published in 1999 in Great Britain by Chatto and Windus.	Fasting, Feasting	Chatto and Windus
publisher	FIFA Street 2 is the 2006 sequel to the EA Sports video game FIFA Street.	FIFA Street 2	EA Sports
publisher	Annual Review of Earth and Planetary Sciences is an annual peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Annual Reviews, which broadly covers Earth and planetary sciences, including geology, atmospheric sciences, climate, geophysics, environmental science, geological hazards, geodynamics, planet formation, and solar system origins.	Annual Review of Earth and Planetary Sciences	Annual Reviews
publisher	Toxic Grind is an extreme sports game released by THQ in 2002 for the Xbox and Gamecube.	Toxic Grind	THQ
publisher	Tiger Woods PGA Tour 07 is the ninth golfing video game in the PGA Tour series from Electronic Arts.	Tiger Woods PGA Tour 07	Electronic Arts
publisher	Joshuan's Almanac & Book of Facts featured design by Ann Dupuis and Elizabeth Thornabene, and was published by TSR in 1995.	Joshuan's Almanac & Book of Facts	TSR
publisher	The Rainbird Pattern is a thriller novel by Victor Canning, published by Heinemann in 1972.	The Rainbird Pattern	Heinemann
publisher	The Deans also sued St. Martin's Press, publisher of Silent Coup.	Silent Coup	St. Martin's Press
publisher	The Journal of Photochemistry and Photobiology is a series of peer-reviewed scientific journals covering the fields of photochemistry and photobiology, published by Elsevier.	Journal of Photochemistry and Photobiology	Elsevier
publisher	Police at the Funeral is a crime novel by Margery Allingham, first published in October 1931, in the United Kingdom by Heinemann, London and in 1932 in the United States by Doubleday, Doran, New York.	Police at the Funeral	Heinemann
publisher	The Glass Room, by British author Simon Mawer, was published in 2009 by Other Press in the United States and Little Brown in the United Kingdom.	The Glass Room	Other Press
publisher	Fire Dreamer is the second novel in the Star Dancer series, written by the British author Beth Webb and published in 2007 by Macmillan Publishers.	Fire Dreamer	Macmillan Publishers
publisher	Every Day is Mother's Day is the first novel by British author Hilary Mantel, published in 1985 by Chatto and Windus.	Every Day is Mother's Day	Chatto and Windus
publisher	The Journal of Transatlantic Studies is published quarterly by Taylor and Francis.	Journal of Transatlantic Studies	Taylor and Francis
publisher	Super Goal! 2, known in Japan as Takeda Nobuhiro no Super Cup Soccer (武田修宏のスーパーカップサッカー, ``Takeda Nobuhiro's Super Cup Soccer'') is an international soccer video game published by Jaleco for the Super NES/Super Famicom console.	Super Goal! 2	Jaleco
publisher	Scud Race (stylized as SCUD Race, ``Sport Car Ultimate Drive''), or otherwise known as Sega Super GT in North America, is an arcade racing game released by Sega in 1996.	Scud Race	Sega
publisher	N or M? is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company in 1941 and in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in November of the same year.	N or M?	Dodd, Mead and Company
publisher	And the Ass Saw the Angel is the first novel by the musician and singer Nick Cave, originally published in 1989 by Black Spring Press in the United Kingdom and Harper Collins in the United States.	And the Ass Saw the Angel	Black Spring Press
publisher	Motor City Patrol was one in a line of video games that tied into the Matchbox brand of die-cast model vehicles, like police cars, ambulances, fire trucks, and earth-moving construction machines.	Motor City Patrol	Matchbox
record label	Powerballin' is the second studio album by the rapper Chingy, released on November 16, 2004, through Capitol Records and Chingy's Slot-A-Lot label.	Powerballin'	Capitol Records
record label	Late Registration is the second studio album by American hip hop artist Kanye West, released on August 30, 2005, by Roc-A-Fella Records.	Late Registration	Roc-A-Fella Records
record label	When All Else Fails is the fifth album by Californian punk rock band Bracket, released on May 9, 2000 through Fat Wreck Chords.	When All Else Fails	Fat Wreck Chords
record label	The Ethiopian Democratic League is a political party in Ethiopia.	Ethiopian Democratic League	political party
record label	Jet Files is the second studio album by American rapper Curren$y. It was released digitally on October 6, 2009, while it was released physically on June 28, 2011, by Amalgam Digital.	Jet Files	Amalgam Digital
record label	Revenge of the Giant Robot is the debut album of Chicosci released on 2000 under EMI Philippines.	Revenge of the Giant Robot	EMI Philippines
record label	``Häschenparty featuring Michael Wendler'' (Bunny party) is the third single released by Schnuffel, on 19 September 2008 by Sony BMG Germany (Sony BMG).	Häschenparty	Sony BMG
record label	Among the Leaves is the fifth studio album by American indie folk act Sun Kil Moon, released on May 29, 2012 on Caldo Verde Records.	Among the Leaves	Caldo Verde Records
record label	Fly Between Falls was the first album by Animal Liberation Orchestra to be released on Brushfire Records, although it was not their first record.	Fly Between Falls	Brushfire Records
record label	Viper Ethics is the first full-length studio album that Disco Ensemble made, released in 2003 in Finland by Fullsteam Records.	Viper Ethics	Fullsteam Records
record label	Dancing with Danger is the title of the second album by Leslie Phillips, released in 1984 on Myrrh Records.	Dancing with Danger	Myrrh Records
record label	It was released by RCA Records in June, 1991 and reached #33 on the Australian singles chart; ``Many people have told me ''1000 Miles Away`` is their favourite Gurus song and it's also among my top ten.	1000 Miles Away	RCA Records
record label	Taste of Chocolate is the third album by emcee Big Daddy Kane, released in late 1990 on Cold Chillin' Records.	Taste of Chocolate	Cold Chillin' Records
record label	Giant Steps is the fifth studio album by jazz musician John Coltrane as leader, released in 1960 on Atlantic Records, catalogue SD 1311.	Giant Steps	Atlantic Records
record label	Genius Loves Company is the final studio album by rhythm and blues and soul musician Ray Charles, posthumously released August 31, 2004 on Concord Records.	Genius Loves Company	Concord Records
record label	New York City (You're a Woman) is the fourth album by singer-songwriter Al Kooper for Columbia Records, recorded and released in 1971.	New York City (You're a Woman)	Columbia Records
record label	Coping with the Urban Coyote is the first full release from the desert rock band Unida on Man's Ruin Records.	Coping with the Urban Coyote	Man's Ruin Records
record label	Rocking Time is a reggae album by Jamaican musician Burning Spear, released in 1974 (see 1974 in music) on the Studio One label.	Rocking Time	Studio One
record label	Africa/Brass is the eighth studio album by jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1961 on Impulse! Records, catalogue A-6.	Africa/Brass	Impulse! Records
record label	Personal Stereo is the fifth album by Norwegian electronic band Flunk released in 2007 on Beatservice Records.	Personal Stereo	Beatservice Records
record label	``If This Is Love'' was first released by Fascination and Polydor Records on 27 July 2008 as the lead single from Chasing Lights.	If This Is Love	Polydor Records
record label	100,000,000 Bon Jovi Fans Can't Be Wrong is a boxed set released in 2004 on Island Records.	100,000,000 Bon Jovi Fans Can't Be Wrong	Island Records
record label	``Inside That I Cried'' is a 1992 song by singer CeCe Peniston, taken from her album Finally on A&M Records.	Inside That I Cried	A&M Records
record label	Krupa and Rich would record again for Verve Records, their album Burnin' Beat was released in 1962.	Krupa and Rich	Verve Records
record label	ABBA Live is an album of live recordings by Swedish pop group ABBA, released by Polar Music in 1986 (see 1986 in music).	ABBA Live	Polar Music
record label	As the lead-off single, ``Jump They Say'' received a considerable promotional push from Bowie's new label, Savage Records (though Arista Records distributed the package in Europe).	Jump They Say	Arista Records
record label	Big Whiskey & the GrooGrux King is the seventh studio album by Dave Matthews Band (DMB), which was released by RCA Records on June 2, 2009.	Big Whiskey & the GrooGrux King	RCA Records
record label	Infadels were a London-based indie-electro band signed to the Wall of Sound record label.	Infadels	Wall of Sound
record label	The Big Deep is the fourth and final studio album by American post-hardcore band The Sleeping released on September 28, 2010 through Victory Records.	The Big Deep	Victory Records
record label	Folksongs for a Nuclear Village is the sixth studio album by new-age/jazz group Shadowfax, their first for Capitol Records.	Folksongs for a Nuclear Village	Capitol Records
record label	``I Hate This Part'' was released on October 14, 2008 as the second international single and impacted contemporary hit radio stations on October 20, 2008 as the fourth single in the United States by Interscope Records.	I Hate This Part	Interscope Records
record label	City Nights by Nick Gilder was released in 1978 on Chrysalis Records.	City Nights	Chrysalis Records
record label	Dicen Que El Tiempo is a 2007 Grammy Award nominated album and fourth musical production by Jennifer Peña released on February 27, 2007 by Univision Music Group.	Dicen Que El Tiempo	Univision Music Group
record label	The Devil on a Bench in Stanley Park is the second album by Canadian alt-country singer-songwriter Justin Rutledge, released on October 2, 2006 on Six Shooter Records.	The Devil on a Bench in Stanley Park	Six Shooter Records
record label	Avex then declared its support for remaining TVXQ members Yunho and Changmin on November 24, announcing that the duo have signed a new record contract with Rhythm Zone's sister label Avex Trax.	TVXQ	Avex Trax
record label	Ski Trails is a 1956 album by Jo Stafford, with accompaniment by Paul Weston and His Orchestra, The Starlighters, and the Norman Luboff Choir.	Ski Trails	Paul Weston
record label	Pale Green Ghosts is the second solo album by former The Czars frontman John Grant, released on March 11, 2013 on the Bella Union label.	Pale Green Ghosts	Bella Union
record label	Let No-One Live Rent Free in Your Head is the second studio album from British singer Nicolette, released on 24 June 1996 by Talkin' Loud.	Let No-One Live Rent Free in Your Head	Talkin' Loud
record label	Deth Red Sabaoth is the ninth studio album by Danzig, released on June 22, 2010 through Evilive/The End Records.	Deth Red Sabaoth	The End Records
record label	A Moving Picture is the second studio album released by English rapper Devlin, via Island Records and the Universal Music Group.	A Moving Picture	Island Records	Universal Music Group
record label	Released on June 4, 2007 in the United Kingdom and June 5, 2007 in the United States, Systematic Chaos was the band's first release through Roadrunner Records, which was sold to their previous label Atlantic Records, through which the band had released their previous studio album Octavarium (2005).	Systematic Chaos	Roadrunner Records
record label	Little Immaculate White Fox is the debut album of American rock singer Pearl Aday, released in January 2010 on Megaforce Records.	Little Immaculate White Fox	Megaforce Records
record label	In Case You Didn't Know is the second studio album by English singer-songwriter Olly Murs, released on 25 November 2011, through Epic Records.	In Case You Didn't Know	Epic Records
record label	The Black Bossalini (aka Dr. Bomb from da Bay) is the fifth studio album by American rapper Spice 1, released October 28, 1997 on Jive Records.	The Black Bossalini	Jive Records
record label	First charting as a hit for Smokey Robinson and the Miracles on the Tamla/Motown label in 1967, ``I Second That Emotion'' was later a hit single for the group duet Diana Ross & the Supremes and The Temptations, also on the Motown label.	I Second That Emotion	Motown
record label	Rules of Enragement is Lewis Black's third album as well as his first for Comedy Central Records.	Rules of Enragement	Comedy Central Records
record label	Poverty's Paradise is the fourth album from Naughty by Nature, released on May 30, 1995 as their final album under Tommy Boy Records.	Poverty's Paradise	Tommy Boy Records
record label	From the Forest to the Sea is the fifth full-length recording by Southeast Engine, released in 2009 on Misra Records.	From the Forest to the Sea	Misra Records
record label	Sou Hrostao Akoma Ena Klama (Greek: Σου Χρωστάω Ακόμα Ένα Κλάμα; English: I owe you one more cry) is the title of the twelfth studio album by the popular Greek artist Peggy Zina, released on 4 October 2012 by Minos EMI in Greece and Cyprus.	Sou Hrostao Akoma Ena Klama	Minos EMI
record label	Beat of the Mesozoic is the second EP by the American Avant-rock band Birdsongs of the Mesozoic, released in 1985 through Ace of Hearts Records.	Beat of the Mesozoic	Ace of Hearts Records
record label	``Hum Along and Dance'' is a soul song written for the Motown label by Norman Whitfield and Barrett Strong.	Hum Along and Dance	Motown
record label	Bad Animals is the ninth studio album by the American rock band Heart, released in 1987 through Capitol Records.	Bad Animals	Capitol Records
record label	The ringtone for ``Estos Celos'' received a platinum certification for sales over 25,000 units and has been one on the top two sellers for Sony BMG Norte since the album release.	Estos Celos	Sony BMG
record label	``7-Rooms of Gloom'' is a song recorded by the Motown Records vocal quartet The Four Tops.	7-Rooms of Gloom	Motown
record label	Look at Them Beans is the 52nd album by country singer Johnny Cash, released in 1975 on Columbia Records.	Look at Them Beans	Columbia Records
record label	Internet Dating Superstuds is the ninth studio album by the southern California punk rock band The Vandals, released in 2002 by Kung Fu Records.	Internet Dating Superstuds	Kung Fu Records
record label	``You're the Man'' is a song composed by singer Marvin Gaye and songwriter Kenneth Stover and released on the Motown subsidiary, Tamla, in the summer of 1972.	You're the Man	Motown
record label	Xecutioner's Return is the seventh studio album by the American death metal band Obituary, released on August 28, 2007 through Candlelight Records.	Xecutioner's Return	Candlelight Records
record label	Sudden Stop is the second studio album by Canadian blues musician Colin James released in 1990 (see 1990 in music) on Virgin Records.	Sudden Stop	Virgin Records
record label	The Divine Wings of Tragedy is the third studio album by progressive metal band Symphony X, released in 1997 through Zero Corporation (Japan) and Inside Out Music (Europe); a remastered edition was reissued on September 13, 2004 through Inside Out.	The Divine Wings of Tragedy	Inside Out Music
record label	The video clip, also produced by Alam El Phan for the song ``Nour El Ain'', was one of the most lavish and expensive productions in the field of Egyptian song, and set a new standard for his contemporaries to aspire to.	Nour El Ain	Alam El Phan
record label	Fatherfucker is the third studio album by Canadian recording artist Peaches, released on September 23, 2003 by XL Recordings.	Fatherfucker	XL Recordings
record label	Sirens of the Sea is the debut album by the British vocal trance group Above & Beyond presents OceanLab, released on 21 July 2008 through Anjunabeats.	Sirens of the Sea	Anjunabeats
record label	Roy Orbison Sings Don Gibson is a tribute album recorded by Roy Orbison for MGM Records.	Roy Orbison Sings Don Gibson	MGM Records
record label	Entertainment Industries is the second album by Psy'Aviah and their first release on Alfa Matrix.	Entertainment Industries	Alfa Matrix
record label	Trail of Stars is the ninth album by American alternative country band The Walkabouts released on August 2, 1999 through Glitterhouse Records.	Trail of Stars	Glitterhouse Records
record label	Kscope is releasing a remastered edition on May 31, 2010, that will include all Wild Opera tracks and a second CD with all nine Dry Cleaning Ray mini-album tracks, thus taking it to a double album.	Wild Opera	Kscope
record label	Road to the Riches is the debut album by hip hop duo Kool G Rap & DJ Polo, which was released in 1989 on then-prominent hip hop label Cold Chillin' Records.	Road to the Riches	Cold Chillin' Records
record label	In Some Way, Shape, or Form is the fourth full-length studio album by American rock band Four Year Strong, released through Decaydance and Universal Motown Records on November 8, 2011.	In Some Way, Shape, or Form	Universal Motown Records
record label	Thank You (For Letting Us Be Ourselves) is the third full-length album by Swedish hard rock band Hardcore Superstar, released by the Music for Nations record label.	Thank You (For Letting Us Be Ourselves)	Music for Nations
record label	Until We Have Wings is an album by Randy Stonehill, released in 1990, on Myrrh Records.	Until We Have Wings	Myrrh Records
record label	Their third studio album, Kiss My Art, was released in August 1988 on Mushroom Records' imprint White Label Records, which peaked in the top 30 of the ARIA albums charts in September.	Kiss My Art	Mushroom Records
record label	Will You Find Me is the fifth studio album by American indie rock band Ida, released in 2000 on Tiger Style Records.	Will You Find Me	Tiger Style Records
record label	When You're Through Thinking, Say Yes is the seventh studio album released by American rock band Yellowcard on March 22, 2011 under Hopeless Records.	When You're Through Thinking, Say Yes	Hopeless Records
record label	The Giant Records CD single release, on Giant 9280, included an a cappella version of the ``Your Imagination'' along with the album track ``Happy Days.''	Your Imagination	Giant Records
record label	``Day of Light'' is a song by industrial rock band KMFDM that was first released on February 1, 2010, on 7`` vinyl, and was limited to 250 copies that sold out in less than 36 hours.	Day of Light	KMFDM
record label	City of Echoes is the third full-length album by American post-metal band Pelican, released in June 2007 on Hydra Head Records.	City of Echoes	Hydra Head Records
record label	``Zingolo'' is the name of both a television advertisement for Cadbury's Dairy Milk in the UK in September 2009, and a single by Tinny released the same month, which features in the advertisement.	Zingolo	Cadbury's Dairy Milk
record label	Street's Disciple is the seventh studio album by American rapper Nas, released on November 30, 2004, by Columbia Records.	Street's Disciple	Columbia Records
record label	I Would Like to See You Again is the 57th album by American country singer Johnny Cash, released on Columbia Records in 1978.	I Would Like to See You Again	Columbia Records
record label	``Fight Music'' is also included on the greatest hits disc of Shady Records' 15th anniversary compilation, Shady XV, which was released on November 24, 2014.	Fight Music	Shady Records
record label	Taking a more electronic music sound than his previous releases, TY.O was released in December 2011 by Universal Island Records but for reasons unknown to Cruz, its British and American release were held off.	TY.O	Island Records
record label	Halfway through the Pet Sounds sessions, Wilson became enamored with the Beatles' latest album Rubber Soul (the U.S. version that was configured by Capitol Records to have a cohesive folk rock sound).	Pet Sounds	Capitol Records
record label	Uncertain Pleasures is an album by Irish jazz singer Mary Coughlan first released in March 1990 under East West Records, a subsidiary of Warner Music Group (at the time known as WEA).	Uncertain Pleasures	Warner Music Group
record label	The Falcon Lake Incident is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Jim Bryson, released October 19, 2010 on Kelp Records and MapleMusic.	The Falcon Lake Incident	Kelp Records
record label	Alone with Everybody is the first solo album by English singer-songwriter Richard Ashcroft, released via Hut Records in June 2000 (see 2000 in British music).	Alone with Everybody	Hut Records
record label	Hadestown is the fourth album by Vermont-based Anaïs Mitchell, and was released by Righteous Babe Records in the U.S. on March 9, 2010.	Hadestown	Righteous Babe Records
record label	The Record Play is Mock Orange's fourth album, released in August 2000 through Lobster Records.	The Record Play	Lobster Records
record label	Naturaliste is the eighth album by the Australian band, The Lucksmiths released in 2003 on Candle Records (catalogue number LUCKY16).	Naturaliste	Candle Records
record label	Out of Water is an album by Peter Hammill, originally released on Enigma Records in 1990 and subsequently re-released on Hammill's own Fie label.	Out of Water	Enigma Records
record label	The Classic Roy Orbison is an album recorded by Roy Orbison on the MGM Records label and released in July 1966.	The Classic Roy Orbison	MGM Records
screenwriter	Kauf dir einen bunten Luftballon is a 1961 West German / Austrian film directed by Géza von Cziffra.	Kauf dir einen bunten Luftballon	Géza von Cziffra
screenwriter	Culo e camicia is a 1981 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile, consisting in two segments, respectively starred by Enrico Montesano and Renato Pozzetto.	Culo e camicia	Renato Pozzetto
screenwriter	Adieu Gary (also known as ``Goodbye Gary Cooper)is a 2009 French film directed by Nassim Amaouche.	Adieu Gary	Nassim Amaouche
screenwriter	Solution No. 1 (Persian: راه حل یک, Rāh-e ḥall-e yek‎) is a 1978 Iranian short film directed by Abbas Kiarostami.	Solution No. 1	Abbas Kiarostami
screenwriter	Millionnaires d'un jour (English: Millionaires for one day) is a French comedy film from 1949, directed by André Hunebelle, written by Alex Joffé, and starring by Gaby Morlay.	Millionnaires d'un jour	Alex Joffé
screenwriter	My First Forty Years (Italian: I miei primi 40 anni, also known as My Wonderful Life) is a 1987 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina and starring Carol Alt, Elliott Gould and Jean Rochefort.	My First Forty Years	Carlo Vanzina
screenwriter	Kochadaiiyaan (English: The king with a long, curly mane) is a 2014 Indian Tamil historical fiction epic film written by K. S. Ravikumar and directed by Soundarya R. Ashwin.	Kochadaiiyaan	K. S. Ravikumar
screenwriter	Butterfly Kiss is a 1995 British film, directed by Michael Winterbottom and written by Frank Cottrell Boyce.	Butterfly Kiss	Frank Cottrell Boyce
screenwriter	Punk Love was directed and written by Nick Lyon, and stars Chad Lindberg and Emma Bing.	Punk Love	Nick Lyon
screenwriter	One Froggy Evening is an approximately seven-minute long Technicolor animated short film written by Michael Maltese and directed by Chuck Jones, with musical direction by Milt Franklyn.	One Froggy Evening	Michael Maltese
screenwriter	The Umbrellas of Cherbourg (French: Les Parapluies de Cherbourg) is a 1964 French/German international co-production musical film directed by Jacques Demy, starring Catherine Deneuve and Nino Castelnuovo.	The Umbrellas of Cherbourg	Jacques Demy
screenwriter	Colonel Redl (German: Oberst Redl (original title); Hungarian: Redl ezredes) is a 1985 drama film by Hungarian director István Szabó.	Colonel Redl	István Szabó
screenwriter	The Sound and the Silence is a 1992 TV movie directed by John Kent Harrison, starring John Bach as Alexander Graham Bell.	The Sound and the Silence	John Kent Harrison
screenwriter	``The Winchester Tapes'' is an episode from the TV series M*A*S*H. The sixth episode of the sixth season, it originally aired on CBS October 18, 1977, with a repeat on December 27, 1977, and was written by Everett Greenbaum and Jim Fritzell and directed by Burt Metcalfe.	The Winchester Tapes	Everett Greenbaum
screenwriter	Perdonami! (i. e. ``Forgive me!'') is a 1953 Italian melodrama film written and directed by Mario Costa and starring Raf Vallone and Antonella Lualdi.	Perdonami!	Mario Costa
screenwriter	The Haunted World of El Superbeasto is a 2009 American adult animated exploitation musical comedy horror film directed by Rob Zombie and written by Zombie and Tom Papa based on Zombie's comic book series of the same name.	The Haunted World of El Superbeasto	Rob Zombie
screenwriter	Too Beautiful for You (French: Trop belle pour toi) is a 1989 French comedy film-drama film written and directed by Bertrand Blier.	Too Beautiful for You	Bertrand Blier
screenwriter	Learn How to Read and Write, Son (Greek: Μάθε παιδί μου γράμματα, Mathe paidi mou grammata) is a 1981 Greek comedy film directed by Thodoros Maragos and starring Vasilis Diamantopoulos, Nikos Kalogeropoulos, Kostas Tsakonas and Anna Mantzourani.	Learn How to Read and Write, Son	Thodoros Maragos
screenwriter	The City of Lost Children (French: La cité des enfants perdus) is a 1995 French-German-Spanish science fantasy drama film directed by Marc Caro and Jean-Pierre Jeunet and starring Ron Perlman.	The City of Lost Children	Marc Caro	Jean-Pierre Jeunet
screenwriter	Keeping the Faith is a 2000 American romantic comedy film written by Stuart Blumberg, and starring Ben Stiller, Edward Norton (in his directorial debut), Jenna Elfman, Eli Wallach, and Anne Bancroft.	Keeping the Faith	Stuart Blumberg
screenwriter	Adventures of Captain Fabian is a 1951 American adventure film starring Errol Flynn.	Adventures of Captain Fabian	Errol Flynn
screenwriter	Water Drops on Burning Rocks (French: Gouttes d'eau sur pierres brûlantes) is a 2000 French drama film directed by François Ozon.	Water Drops on Burning Rocks	François Ozon
screenwriter	The Expendables 3 (sometimes stylized as The Expendables III) is a 2014 American ensemble action film directed by Patrick Hughes, and written by Creighton Rothenberger, Katrin Benedikt, and Sylvester Stallone.	The Expendables 3	Sylvester Stallone
screenwriter	Fumo di Londra (internationally released as Smoke Over London and Gray Flannels) is a 1966 Italian comedy film written, directed and starred by Alberto Sordi.	Fumo di Londra	Alberto Sordi
screenwriter	L'Ennui is a 1998 drama film directed by Cédric Kahn, starring Charles Berling and Sophie Guillemin.	L'Ennui	Cédric Kahn
screenwriter	The Face of Fu Manchu is a 1965 British/German co-production thriller based on the character of Fu Manchu, the Chinese villain created by Sax Rohmer.	The Face of Fu Manchu	Sax Rohmer
screenwriter	The Perfume of the Lady in Black (Italian: Il profumo della signora in nero) is a 1974 Italian giallo-horror film directed by Francesco Barilli.	The Perfume of the Lady in Black	Francesco Barilli
screenwriter	Mahapurush (Bengali: মহাপুরুষ), or The Holy Man, is a 1965 film directed by Satyajit Ray, based on a short story Birinchibaba (বিরিঞ্চি বাবা) by Rajshekhar Basu.	Mahapurush	Satyajit Ray
screenwriter	A Blank on the Map is a BBC TV documentary written and presented by David Attenborough.	A Blank on the Map	David Attenborough
screenwriter	The Republic of Love is a 2003 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Deepa Mehta.	The Republic of Love	Deepa Mehta
screenwriter	Clara's Heart is a 1988 American drama film, based on Joseph Olshan's acclaimed novel of the same name, directed by Robert Mulligan, written by Mark Medoff and is also Neil Patrick Harris' debut role.	Clara's Heart	Mark Medoff
screenwriter	The Assassination of Trotsky is a 1972 British film directed by Joseph Losey with a screenplay by Nicholas Mosley.	The Assassination of Trotsky	Nicholas Mosley
screenwriter	Noi credevamo (We Believed) is a 2010 Italian drama film directed by Mario Martone, based on a screenplay by the same director and by Giancarlo De Cataldo inspired by actual historical events that occurred and by the writing of the late Anna Banti.	Noi credevamo	Mario Martone	Giancarlo De Cataldo
screenwriter	Break the Science Barrier is a 1996 television documentary written and presented by Richard Dawkins, which promotes the viewpoint that scientific endeavour is not only useful, but also intellectually stimulating and exciting.	Break the Science Barrier	Richard Dawkins
screenwriter	Requiem for a Heavyweight was a teleplay written by Rod Serling and produced for the live television show Playhouse 90 on 11 October 1956.	Requiem for a Heavyweight	Rod Serling
screenwriter	The Babysitter is a 1995 American thriller film directed by Guy Ferland and starring Alicia Silverstone based on the eponymous short story by Robert Coover in his collection Pricksongs and Descants (1969).	The Babysitter	Guy Ferland	Robert Coover
screenwriter	The Blood of Jesus is a 1941 American race film written, directed, and starring Spencer Williams.	The Blood of Jesus	Spencer Williams
screenwriter	Absolute 100 (Serbian: Апсолутних сто, Apsolutnih sto) is a 2001 Serbian film written and directed by Srdan Golubović.	Absolute 100	Srdan Golubović
screenwriter	Carnal Circuit (Italian: Femmine insaziabili, German: Mord im schwarzen Cadillac, also known as The Insatiables and Beverly Hills) is a 1969 Italian-German giallo written and directed by Alberto De Martino.	Carnal Circuit	Alberto De Martino
screenwriter	Asmalı Konak (``The Mansion with Vines'') was a Turkish TV series directed by Çağan Irmak and written by Mahinur Ergun and Meral Okay.	Asmalı Konak	Mahinur Ergun	Meral Okay
screenwriter	The Jester and the Queen (Czech: Šašek a královna) is a 1987 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Věra Chytilová.	The Jester and the Queen	Věra Chytilová
screenwriter	La Crème de la crème (also titled Smart Ass) is a 2014 French comedy-drama film directed by Kim Chapiron.	La Crème de la crème	Kim Chapiron
screenwriter	Fantozzi - Il ritorno (``Fantozzi - The Return'') is a 1996 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti.	Fantozzi - Il ritorno	Neri Parenti
screenwriter	The First, the Last (French: Les Premiers, les Derniers) is a Belgian-French drama film written, directed by and starring Bouli Lanners.	The First, the Last	Bouli Lanners
screenwriter	Harikrishnans (Malayalam: ഹരികൃഷ്ണന്‍സ്) is a 1998 Malayalam detective comedy film written and directed by Fazil.	Harikrishnans	Fazil
screenwriter	Nero and the Burning of Rome (Italian: Nerone e Messalina) is a 1953 Italian epic historical drama film directed by Primo Zeglio and loosely based on real life events of Roman emperor Nero.It was based on the novel Nerone e Messalina (c.1949) by Harry Bluhmen.	Nero and the Burning of Rome	Primo Zeglio
screenwriter	That Beautiful Somewhere is a Canadian feature film written, directed and produced by Robert Budreau, produced by Ian Murray and executive produced by Bill Plumstead for Loon Film Inc. and Lumanity Productions.	That Beautiful Somewhere	Robert Budreau
screenwriter	The Day He Arrives (Hangul: 북촌 방향; hanja: 北村 方向; RR: Bukchon Banghyang; lit. ``In the direction of Bukchon'' or ``Bukchon-bound'') is a 2011 South Korean drama film written and directed by Hong Sang-soo.	The Day He Arrives	Hong Sang-soo
screenwriter	The Toth Family (Hungarian: Isten hozta, őrnagy úr!) is a 1969 Hungarian comedy-drama film directed by Zoltán Fábri.	The Toth Family	Zoltán Fábri
screenwriter	Camerieri (Waiters) is a 1995 Italian comedy-drama film written and directed by Leone Pompucci.	Camerieri	Leone Pompucci
screenwriter	Sons of Satan (Italian: I bastardi, German: Der Bastard) is a 1968 Italian crime film directed by Duccio Tessari and starring Rita Hayworth.	Sons of Satan	Duccio Tessari
screenwriter	Dar Emtedade Shab (in Persian: در امتداد شب; literally: Throughout the Night) is a 1978 Iranian drama film directed by Parviz Sayyad.	Dar Emtedade Shab	Parviz Sayyad
screenwriter	Lady L is a 1965 comedy film based on the novel by Romain Gary and directed by Peter Ustinov.	Lady L	Peter Ustinov
screenwriter	Il solco di pesca is a 1976 Italian erotic-drama film directed by Maurizio Liverani.	Il solco di pesca	Maurizio Liverani
screenwriter	Salome of the Tenements is a 1925 silent film adapted to the screen by Sonya Levien from the Anzia Yezierska novel.	Salome of the Tenements	Sonya Levien
screenwriter	Interviews with My Lai Veterans is a 1970 American short documentary film directed by Joseph Strick featuring first hand accounts of the My Lai Massacre.	Interviews with My Lai Veterans	Joseph Strick
screenwriter	Deprisa, Deprisa (English: Hurry, Hurry!) is a 1981 Spanish film directed by Carlos Saura.	Deprisa, Deprisa	Carlos Saura
screenwriter	The Heroin Busters (Italian: La via della droga) is a 1977 Italian crime film directed by Enzo G. Castellari and starring Fabio Testi, David Hemmings and Sherry Buchanan.	The Heroin Busters	Enzo G. Castellari
screenwriter	The Reflecting Skin is a 1990 British-Canadian horror film written and directed by Philip Ridley and starring Jeremy Cooper, Viggo Mortensen and Lindsay Duncan.	The Reflecting Skin	Philip Ridley
screenwriter	The Italian Job is a 1969 British caper film, written by Troy Kennedy Martin, produced by Michael Deeley and directed by Peter Collinson.	The Italian Job	Troy Kennedy Martin
screenwriter	The Protagonists (Italian: I protagonisti) is a 1968 Italian drama film directed by Marcello Fondato.	The Protagonists	Marcello Fondato
screenwriter	The Gibson Goddess is a 1909 short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith.	The Gibson Goddess	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	Neighboring Sounds (Portuguese: O Som ao Redor) is a 2012 Brazilian drama film directed and written by Kleber Mendonça Filho, produced by Emilie Lesclaux and starring Irandhir Santos, Gustavo Jahn and Maeve Jinkings.	Neighboring Sounds	Kleber Mendonça Filho
screenwriter	Screenwriter Paul Rudnick pitched Sister Act to producer Scott Rudin in 1987, and it was agreed that Bette Midler would be best for the lead role.	Sister Act	Paul Rudnick
screenwriter	Themroc is a 1973 French film by director Claude Faraldo.	Themroc	Claude Faraldo
screenwriter	Summer of '42 is a 1971 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film based on the memoirs of screenwriter Herman Raucher.	Summer of '42	Herman Raucher
screenwriter	Det store varpet (English: The Big Hoard) is a 1961 Norwegian drama film directed by Nils R. Müller, starring Finn Bernhoft, Per Christiansen and Jack Fjeldstad.	Det store varpet	Nils R. Müller
screenwriter	Sangue di zingara (``Gipsy's blood'') is a 1956 Italian drama film written and directed by Maria Basaglia.	Sangue di zingara	Maria Basaglia
screenwriter	Allos gia to ekatommyrio or Alos gia/yia to ekatomirio (Greek: Άλλος για το εκατομμύριο, Somebody for a Millionaire) is a 1964 Greek comedy film directed by Orestis Laskos and written by Nikos Tsiforos and starring Mimis Fotopoulos, Giannis Gkionakis, Beata Assimakopoulou, Vassilis Avlonitis and Eleni Anoussaki.	Allos gia to ekatommyrio	Nikos Tsiforos
screenwriter	A Pilot Returns (Italian:Un pilota ritorna) is a 1942 Italian war film directed by Roberto Rossellini and starring Massimo Girotti, Michela Belmonte and Piero Lulli.	A Pilot Returns	Roberto Rossellini
screenwriter	Final Analysis is a 1992 American neo-noir drama directed by Phil Joanou and written by Wesley Strick.	Final Analysis	Wesley Strick
screenwriter	A Life Less Ordinary is a 1997 American-British black comedy film directed by Danny Boyle, written by John Hodge.	A Life Less Ordinary	John Hodge
screenwriter	Ecco noi per esempio (``here's us, for example'') is a 1977 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci.	Ecco noi per esempio	Sergio Corbucci
screenwriter	La steppa is a 1962 Italian adventure film directed by Alberto Lattuada.	La steppa	Alberto Lattuada
screenwriter	The Soft Skin (French: La peau douce) is a 1964 French-Portuguese romantic drama film directed by François Truffaut and starring Jean Desailly, Françoise Dorléac, and Nelly Benedetti.	The Soft Skin	François Truffaut
screenwriter	Through the Glass is an 2008 American-Nigerian comedy film, written, directed and produced by Stephanie Okereke.	Through the Glass	Stephanie Okereke
screenwriter	Lost in Beijing (Chinese: 苹果; literally: ``apple'') is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Li Yu and starring Tony Leung Ka-fai, Fan Bingbing, Tong Dawei, and Elaine Jin.	Lost in Beijing	Li Yu
screenwriter	``Hell Money'' was written by Jeff Vlaming, making it his second and last script for the show after the earlier third season episode ``2Shy''.	Hell Money	Jeff Vlaming
screenwriter	Apartment 1303 is a Japanese horror film, directed by Ataru Oikawa, that revolves around a woman who investigates a series of suicides in her late sister's apartment.	Apartment 1303	Ataru Oikawa
screenwriter	Dear Louise (French: Chère Louise) is a 1972 French drama film directed by Philippe de Broca.	Dear Louise	Philippe de Broca
screenwriter	The 10th Kingdom is an American fairytale fantasy miniseries written by Simon Moore and produced by Britain's Carnival Films, Germany's Babelsberg Film und Fernsehen, and the USA's Hallmark Entertainment.	The 10th Kingdom	Simon Moore
screenwriter	Teenage Exorcist is a 1991 American comedy horror film directed by Grant Austin Waldman and written by Brinke Stevens from a story by Fred Olen Ray.	Teenage Exorcist	Brinke Stevens	Fred Olen Ray
screenwriter	Trick 'r Treat is a 2007 American-Canadian anthology horror-comedy film written and directed by Michael Dougherty.	Trick 'r Treat	Michael Dougherty
screenwriter	Written by John Monk Saunders and Jean de Limur, with intertitles by George Marion, Jr., the film is about four young men from various walks of life who sign up for the Lafayette Escadrille, known as ``The Legion of the Condemned''.	The Legion of the Condemned	John Monk Saunders
screenwriter	Monsieur de Pourceaugnac is a 1985 French drama film directed by Michel Mitrani that is based on the 1669 play of the same name by Molière.	Monsieur de Pourceaugnac	Michel Mitrani
screenwriter	Aasai (English: Adore) is a 1995 Tamil romantic thriller film directed by Vasanth and produced by Mani Ratnam The film featured Ajith Kumar and Suvalakshmi, making her debut, in the leading roles with Prakash Raj in a pivotal role.	Aasai	Vasanth
screenwriter	Le Lit is a 1982 drama film directed by Marion Hänsel and based on the 1960 novel of the same name by Dominique Rolin.	Le Lit	Marion Hänsel
screenwriter	The Last Wave (released as Black Rain in the United States) is an Australian mystery drama film from 1977, directed by Peter Weir.	The Last Wave	Peter Weir
screenwriter	An American Haunting is a 2005 horror film written and directed by Courtney Solomon.	An American Haunting	Courtney Solomon
screenwriter	I Will, I Will... for Now is a 1976 film directed by Norman Panama.	I Will, I Will... for Now	Norman Panama
screenwriter	Alaipayuthey (English: Waves are flowing) is a 2000 Tamil romantic drama film directed by Mani Ratnam, with a story by R.Selvaraj.	Alaipayuthey	Mani Ratnam
screenwriter	Santa Sangre (Holy Blood) is a 1989 Mexican-Italian avant-garde horror film directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky and written by Jodorowsky along with Claudio Argento and Roberto Leoni.	Santa Sangre	Alejandro Jodorowsky	Claudio Argento
screenwriter	Forever Blues is a 2005 Italian drama film written, directed and starred by Franco Nero, at his debut as director.	Forever Blues	Franco Nero
screenwriter	Greed in the Sun (French: Cent mille dollars au soleil) is a 1964 French-Italian adventure film directed by Henri Verneuil.	Greed in the Sun	Henri Verneuil
screenwriter	``Balance of Terror'', written by Paul Schneider and directed by Vincent McEveety, is the fourteenth episode of the first season of the original science fiction television series, Star Trek, that first aired on December 15, 1966.	Balance of Terror	Paul Schneider
screenwriter	Anatomy of Hell (French: Anatomie de l'enfer) is a 2004 French erotic drama film directed by Catherine Breillat and written by Breillat based on her 2001 novel Pornocratie.	Anatomy of Hell	Catherine Breillat
screenwriter	Bianchi cavalli d'Agosto (internationally known as White Horses of Summer) is a 1975 Italian drama film written and directed by Raimondo Del Balzo.	White Horses of Summer	Raimondo Del Balzo
screenwriter	The Frozen North is a 1922 American short comedy film directed by and starring Buster Keaton.	The Frozen North	Buster Keaton
screenwriter	Cover Boy is a 2006 Italian film by Carmine Amoroso.	Cover Boy	Carmine Amoroso
screenwriter	Donnie Darko is a 2001 American science fiction psychological thriller drama film, written and directed by Richard Kelly, and starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Drew Barrymore, Patrick Swayze, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Noah Wyle, Jena Malone, and Mary McDonnell.	Donnie Darko	Richard Kelly
screenwriter	Emanuelle and the Last Cannibals (Emanuelle E Gli Ultimi Cannibali; a.k.a. Trap Them and Kill Them) is a 1977 Italian sexploitation film by Joe D'Amato.	Emanuelle and the Last Cannibals	Joe D'Amato
screenwriter	In the Name of the Pope King or In nome del papa re is a 1977 Italian drama film written, and directed by Luigi Magni.	In the Name of the Pope King	Luigi Magni
screenwriter	The Pear Tree (Derakht-e-Golabi) is a 1998 Iranian drama movie written and directed by Dariush Mehrjui with Homayoun Ershadi and Golshifteh Farahani in the lead.	The Pear Tree	Dariush Mehrjui
screenwriter	Dear Alice (Swedish: För kärleken) is a 2010 Swedish drama film directed by Othman Karim starring Danny Glover, Tuva Novotny and Peter Gardiner.	Dear Alice	Othman Karim
screenwriter	A Few Hours of Spring (Quelques heures de printemps) is a 2012 French drama film directed by Stéphane Brizé.	A Few Hours of Spring	Stéphane Brizé
screenwriter	La Belle Noiseuse is a 1991 film directed by Jacques Rivette and starring Michel Piccoli, Jane Birkin, and Emmanuelle Béart.	La Belle Noiseuse	Jacques Rivette
screenwriter	Although Gary Brandner approved the director's purchase of the right to the name The Howling and the screen credits claim that it is based on Brander's novel The Howling III:	Howling III	Gary Brandner
screenwriter	Humpday is a 2009 American comedy film starring Mark Duplass, Joshua Leonard, and Alycia Delmore; and directed, produced, and written by Lynn Shelton.	Humpday	Lynn Shelton
screenwriter	Dark Habits (Spanish: Entre tinieblas) is a 1983 Spanish black comedy film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar and starring Julieta Serrano, Marisa Paredes and Chus Lampreave.	Dark Habits	Pedro Almodóvar
screenwriter	Rynox is a 1932 British crime film, directed by Michael Powell and starring Stewart Rome and John Longden.	Rynox	Michael Powell
screenwriter	The Women on the 6th Floor (French: Les Femmes du 6ème étage; also known as Service Entrance) is a 2010 French film directed by Philippe Le Guay.	The Women on the 6th Floor	Philippe Le Guay
screenwriter	History of the World, Part I is a 1981 American comedy anthology film written, produced, and directed by Mel Brooks.	History of the World, Part I	Mel Brooks
screenwriter	Erotikon is a 1920 Swedish romantic comedy film directed by Mauritz Stiller, starring Tora Teje, Karin Molander, Anders de Wahl and Lars Hanson.	Erotikon	Mauritz Stiller
screenwriter	Vasuvum Saravananum Onna Padichavanga (English Translation: Vasu and Saravanan Studied Together) is an Indian Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by M. Rajesh.	Vasuvum Saravananum Onna Padichavanga	M. Rajesh
screenwriter	Das Blaue Palais is a series of five TV feature films written and directed by German author and filmmaker Rainer Erler.	Das Blaue Palais	Rainer Erler
screenwriter	Iddarammayilatho (English: With Two Women) is a 2013 Telugu romantic action film, directed by Puri Jagannadh, stars Allu Arjun, Amala Paul, Catherine Tresa and Shawar Ali in the lead roles.	Iddarammayilatho	Puri Jagannadh
screenwriter	Galaxis is a 1995 action science fiction film directed by William Mesa and written by Nick Davis.	Galaxis	Nick Davis
screenwriter	Respiro is a 2002 Italian film written and directed by Emanuele Crialese and released in English-language markets in 2003.	Respiro	Emanuele Crialese
screenwriter	A Prussian Love Story (German: Preußische Liebesgeschichte) is a 1938 German historical romance film directed by Paul Martin and starring Karl Günther, Hans Nielsen and Willy Fritsch.	A Prussian Love Story	Paul Martin
screenwriter	The Real Blonde is a 1998 movie directed and written by Tom DiCillo.	The Real Blonde	Tom DiCillo
screenwriter	Essential Killing is a 2010 Polish political thriller film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski, starring Vincent Gallo and Emmanuelle Seigner.	Essential Killing	Jerzy Skolimowski
screenwriter	The Usual Suspects is a 1995 American neo-noir mystery crime thriller film directed by Bryan Singer and written by Christopher McQuarrie.	The Usual Suspects	Christopher McQuarrie
screenwriter	Una spina nel cuore, internationally released as A Thorn in the Heart, is a 1986 Italian romance-drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada.	A Thorn in the Heart	Alberto Lattuada
series	``The Springfield Files'' is the tenth episode of The Simpsons' eighth season, which originally aired January 12, 1997.	The Springfield Files	The Simpsons
series	``The Box and the Bunny'' is the second episode from the American dramedy series Ugly Betty, which aired on October 5, 2006.	The Box and the Bunny	Ugly Betty
sex or gender	When Nathaniel Booth died in 1770 the barony of Delamer (cr. 1661) became extinct but the baronetcy was inherited by his second cousin and heir male, the Revd Sir George Booth, Rector of Ashton-Under-Lyne, who lived at Cotterstock Hall, Northamptonshire.	Nathaniel Booth	male
sex or gender	Akka Mahadevi (ಅಕ್ಕ ಮಹಾದೇವಿ) (c.1130-1160) was one of the early female poets of the Kannada language and a prominent personality in the Veerashaiva Bhakti movement of the 12th century.	Akka Mahadevi	female
sex or gender	Members' wives (it was an all-male group) were not allowed to befriend each another, and Abu Nidal's wife was expected to live in isolation without friends.	Abu Nidal	male
sex or gender	Howard Atwood Kelly (February 20, 1858 -- January 12, 1943) was an American male gynecologist, one of the ``Big Four'' founding professors at the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland.	Howard Atwood Kelly	male
sex or gender	Ma Liwen (born 1971) is a female Chinese film director.	Ma Liwen	female
sex or gender	Jean-Michel Bellot (born 16 December 1953 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine) is a retired male pole vaulter from France.	Jean-Michel Bellot	male
sex or gender	Atika Suri had been nominated as the most favorite female news presenter of the Panasonic Awards in 2000.	Atika Suri	female
sex or gender	Sakshi Shivanand was a female sensation of late 90s.	Sakshi Shivanand	female
sex or gender	Alberto Arilla (born December 24, 1937 in Barcelona) is a former Spanish male tennis player.	Alberto Arilla	male
sex or gender	Francesca Petitjean (born November 30, 1962) is a French professional female bodybuilder who was active in the 1980s and 1990s.	Francesca Petitjean	female
sex or gender	Heidi Miller (born Santa Monica, California, born c. 1958) is an American female bodybuilder who held the title Ms. Natural America in 1981.	Heidi Miller	female
sex or gender	Ladyfire was a band assembled by producer Dick Bauerle featuring female vocalists Laurie Moran, Jean Deegan, and Winnie Bergner.	Ladyfire	female
sex or gender	(GiMA 2012)- Nandini Srikar won the best playback singer female for her song Bhare Naina in Ra.One.	Nandini Srikar	female
sex or gender	Rajah Baguinda Ali had no male heir, but had a daughter called Dayang-dayang Paramisuli.	Rajah Baguinda	male
sex or gender	Ayşe Taş (born 19 February 1987) is a Turkish female boxer compeing in the Bantamweight (54 kg) division.	Ayşe Taş	female
sex or gender	María Trujillo Tenorio de Rios (born October 19, 1959) is a retired female marathon runner from Mexico, who later represented the United States.	María Trujillo	female
sex or gender	Teresė Nekrošaitė (born October 19, 1961 in Bitvanas, Kaunas) is a retired female javelin thrower from Lithuania.	Teresė Nekrošaitė	female
sex or gender	İrem Yaman is a world champion Turkish female taekwondo practitioner competing in the lightweight division, and an amateur kickboxer.	İrem Yaman	female
sex or gender	Marjan al-Katib al-Islami (Persian: Marjan Kateb Islami) a famous female Iranian calligrapher who lived in Safavid Persia under 17th century.	Marjan al-Katib al-Islami	female
sex or gender	Julieta Pinto (born on July 31, 1922 in San José, Costa Rica ) is a female educator and writer.	Julieta Pinto	female
sex or gender	Craig Biddle (24 October 1879 -- 1947) was an American male tennis player who was active in the second decade of the 20th century.	Craig Biddle	male
sex or gender	Meltem Akar (born May 12, 1982) is a Turkish female boxer competing in the light flyweight (48 kg) division.	Meltem Akar	female
sex or gender	Viktor Mitrou (Βίκτωρ Μήτρου; born June 24, 1973) is a retired male Greek weightlifter.	Viktor Mitrou	male
sex or gender	An article in a Romanian newspaper in the 1950s acknowledged the death of the last direct male descendant of Radu Mihnea Voda, Dumitru Radulescu(Radu)- a church, artist painter.	Radu Mihnea	male
sex or gender	Hwang Sun-ai (Hangul: 황선애, Hanja: 黄善愛) (born 1962 in Daejeon) is a retired female badminton player from South Korea.	Hwang Sun-ai	female
sex or gender	George Castledine was knighted for his services to the health care profession in 2007, only the third male nurse ever to receive a knighthood.	George Castledine	male
sex or gender	Performer Magazine The band's frontwoman, the sinisterly pretty Louisa Rachel Solomon, has a talent for androgynous sass, nailing the exact sound where male becomes female.	Louisa Rachel Solomon	female
sex or gender	In her first Senate term (2005--06), Julia Boseman was ranked the 20th most effective senator (of 50), giving her the highest ranking ever for a first-term female senator and the second highest ever for a freshman.	Julia Boseman	female
sex or gender	Zhou Gaoping (born October 20, 1986 in Taizhou, Jiangsu) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Zhou Gaoping	female
sex or gender	Peretta Peronne was an exceptionally prominent unlicensed female surgeon operating in Paris in the early fifteenth century.	Peretta Peronne	female
sex or gender	Gyöngyi Likerecz (born May 28, 1983 in Oroszlány, Komárom-Esztergom) is a retired female weightlifter from Hungary.	Gyöngyi Likerecz	female
sex or gender	Josef Lontscharitsch (born April 11, 1970 in Madrid, Spain) is a retired Austrian male road cyclist.	Josef Lontscharitsch	male
sex or gender	Frances Marion (November 18, 1888 -- May 12, 1973) was an American journalist, author, film director and screenwriter often cited as the most renowned female screenwriter of the 20th century alongside June Mathis and Anita Loos.	Frances Marion	female
sex or gender	Michele Fioroni (born February 16, 1965 in Perugia, Italy) is a male former tennis player from Italy.	Michele Fioroni	male
sex or gender	Galeria Copiola (96 BC -- 9 AD or after) was an ancient Roman dancer (emboliara) whom Pliny includes in a list of notable female nonagenarians and centenarians in his Natural History.	Galeria Copiola	female
sex or gender	Kim Longinotto (born 1952) is a British documentary film maker, well known for making films that highlight the plight of female victims of oppression or discrimination.	Kim Longinotto	female
sex or gender	Rebecca Bellingham (born Gordon on 7 March 1978 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a female badminton player from New Zealand.	Rebecca Bellingham	female
sex or gender	Shao Ning (Chinese: 邵寧; born 1982-02-17 in Shandong) is a male Chinese judoka who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Half heavyweight (90--100 kg) event.	Shao Ning	male
sex or gender	Sarah Gibson Blanding (November 22, 1898 -- March 3, 1985) was an American educator and academic administrator who served as Vassar's sixth president (1946--1964) and its first female president.	Sarah Gibson Blanding	female
sex or gender	Ginnette del Rosario Selmo (born May 12, 1986 in Santo Domingo) is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic, who participated with the women's national team at the 2007 World Cup in Japan.	Ginnette del Rosario	female
sex or gender	Jacksonville Jane Doe (officially known as Jane Doe 95-7000) is the name given to a set of female human remains, discovered in Jacksonville, Onslow County, North Carolina on December 6, 1995.	Jacksonville Jane Doe	female
sex or gender	Rakshya Rana (Nepali: रक्षा राणा) (Born 7 November 1967) is Nepal's first female pilot.	Rakshya Rana	female
sex or gender	Tennur Yerlisu Lapa (born Tennur Yerlisu on November 2, 1966) is a former World and European champion Turkish female Taekwondo practitioner.	Tennur Yerlisu	female
sex or gender	Zhang Lianbiao (born 25 January 1969) is a retired male javelin thrower from PR China.	Zhang Lianbiao	male
sex or gender	Cilly Aussem (German pronunciation: (ˈʦiːli̯ə ˈaʊ̯sm); Cologne, 4 January 1909 -- 22 March 1963 in Portofino, Italy) was a German female tennis player.	Cilly Aussem	female
sex or gender	Astrid Kumbernuss (born 5 February 1970 in Grevesmühlen, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is a former German female shot putter and discus thrower.	Astrid Kumbernuss	female
sex or gender	An Ivy Parker Memorial Scholarship was established by the Society of Women Engineers for female engineering students.	Ivy Parker	female
sex or gender	Michaela Staniford (born January 11, 1987) is an English female rugby union player.	Michaela Staniford	female
sex or gender	Xie Xingfang (born January 8, 1981, in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a female badminton player from the China.	Xie Xingfang	female
sex or gender	Gehan Rateb is one of the most famous Middle Eastern artists of her time, as she was one of the leading artists to bring back acting and singing career in one, and became an idol to follow her steps by other female artists in Egypt.	Gehan Rateb	female
sex or gender	Marian Schole (born January 21, 1986 in Berlin, Germany) is a male field hockey player, who played for the Canada national field hockey team.	Marian Schole	male
sex or gender	Takayo Hashi (端貴代 Hashi Takayo born October 2, 1977) is a Japanese female mixed martial artist.	Takayo Hashi	female
sex or gender	Li Zhesi (Chinese: 李哲思; pinyin: Li Zhésī; born 7 August 1995 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Li Zhesi	female
sex or gender	Wu Zhiyu (born 9 September 1983 in Shanghai) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games.	Wu Zhiyu	male
sex or gender	Oh Ha-na (born January 8, 1985 in Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do) is a female fencer from South Korea.	Oh Ha-na	female
sex or gender	Herta Ehlert (née Liess; 26 March 1905, Berlin -- 4 April 1997) was a female guard at many Nazi concentration camps during the Holocaust.	Herta Ehlert	female
sex or gender	Yao Jingyuan (Chinese: 姚景远; born 1958 in Yingkou, Liaoning) is a male Chinese weightlifter.	Yao Jingyuan	male
sex or gender	Valdemar Psilander (9 May 1884 -- 6 March 1917) was a Danish silent film actor, who was the highest paid performer of his period and received critical acclaim as the greatest male lead during the golden era of Danish cinema.	Valdemar Psilander	male
sex or gender	Alex MacFarlane is an intersex person born with XXY sex chromosomes in Victoria, Australia.	Alex MacFarlane	intersex
sex or gender	MacKinzie Kline (born March 30, 1992 in La Jolla, California) is an American female golfer who suffers from a heart defect known as heterotaxy syndrome as a result of being born with only one ventricle.	MacKinzie Kline	female
sex or gender	Carla Borghetti (18 September 1971 in Buenos Aires) is a female singer who specializes in Tango music.	Carla Borghetti	female
sex or gender	Bambi Graffiti (circa 1982 -) is the tag name for a female English graffiti artist from London, UK.	Bambi Graffiti	female
sex or gender	Hamide Bıkçın Tosun (born January 24, 1978) is a female Turkish Taekwondo athlete, who competed in the Women's 49--57 kg weight class at the 2000 Summer Olympics held in Sydney, Australia and won the bronze medal.	Hamide Bıkçın Tosun	female
sex or gender	Dias Omirzakov (born 13 July 1992) is a Kazakhstani male track cyclist.	Dias Omirzakov	male
sex or gender	Hiroe Amano is a retired female badminton player of Japan who won several international and national titles in the 1960s.	Hiroe Amano	female
sex or gender	Tara Devi Tuladhar (Devanagari: तारा देवी तुलाधर) (21 August 1931 -- 27 November 2012) was Nepal's first female blood donor and a social worker who dedicated her life to serving society.	Tara Devi Tuladhar	female
sex or gender	During the first half of 2009, André Rieu was the world's most successful male touring artist, according to Billboard magazine.	André Rieu	male
sex or gender	The eight-part BBC series about three female murderers, titled A Question of Guilt (1980), features Prue Clarke as Constance Kent and Joss Ackland as Samuel Kent.	Constance Kent	female
sex or gender	Her song ``Shake It To The Ground,'' produced in collaboration with Blaqstarr, was a club hit in 2006, leading to local speculation that Rye Rye could be a fresh, new female success within hip hop music.	Rye Rye	female
sex or gender	Park Tae-kyong (born 30 July 1980) is a male hurdler from South Korea.	Park Tae-kyong	male
sex or gender	Blanca Charolet (full name Blanca Charolet López; born 1953) is a photographer, the first female photojournalist to work for a Mexican newspaper.	Blanca Charolet	female
sex or gender	Airi L is a female vocalist who had a hit in the UK with a pre-release cover version of ``When Love Takes Over'' by David Guetta featuring Kelly Rowland.	Airi L	female
sex or gender	Ivana Isailović (Serbian: Ивана Исаиловић; born January 1, 1986 in Šabac, SFR Yugoslavia) is a female professional volleyball player from Serbia, who was a member of the Serbia women's national volleyball team that won the silver medal at the 2007 European Championship in Belgium and Luxembourg.	Ivana Isailović	female
sex or gender	Rosa Medrano (born April 16, 1985 in San Cristóbal) is a female volleyball and beach volleyball player from the Dominican Republic, who won the silver medal with her native country at the 2002 NORCECA Girls Youth Continental Championship U-18.	Rosa Medrano	female
sex or gender	Juanita McNeely (b. 1936, St. Louis, Missouri) is an American feminist artist known for her bold works that illustrate the nude female experience in her figurative paintings, prints, paper cut-outs and ceramic pieces.	Juanita McNeely	female
sex or gender	In 1964, Down Beat jazz critic Leonard Feather chose Salena Jones as one of the female vocalists of the year, alongside Peggy Lee, Ella Fitzgerald (also from Newport News) and Nancy Wilson.	Salena Jones	female
sex or gender	Frédéric Viret was a French choirmaster, composer of sacred music and leader of a well-established society of amateur male and female choristers of high vocal range and very rare quality among most choristers in Paris.	Frédéric Viret	male
sex or gender	Antigoni Roumpesi or Antigoni Roumbesi (Greek: Αντιγόνη Ρουμπέση, born 19 July 1983 in Athens) is a female Greek water polo player, World Aquatics gold champion and Olympic silver medalist with the Greek national team.	Antigoni Roumpesi	female
sex or gender	By the 12th century, male companions no longer tended to wield great power at the ducal or imperial courts, and the name Mizi Xia had become associated with common male prostitutes.	Mizi Xia	male
sex or gender	Duan Linxi (Chinese: 段林希; pinyin: Duàn Línxī; born 14 October 1990 in Baoshan, Yunnan), English name Jeremy, is a female Chinese singer, famous in China after winning the nationwide singing contest Super Girl in 2011.	Duan Linxi	female
sex or gender	Jurairat Ponleka (Thai: จุไรรัตน์ ผลเลขา) (born 6 October 1991) is a retired Thai female volleyball player.	Jurairat Ponleka	female
sex or gender	Abdulrahim Abdulhameed (born March 31, 1990) is a male Bahraini Taekwondo practitioner.	Abdulrahim Abdulhameed	male
sex or gender	Selina Özuzun Doğan (born Selina Özuzun in 1977), aka Selina Doğan, is a female Turkish politician of Armenian ethnicity.	Selina Özuzun Doğan	female
sex or gender	Fabian Velardes (born March 6, 1984 in La Calera, Córdoba Province) is a male middleweight boxer from Argentina.	Fabian Velardes	male
sex or gender	Lin Man-ting (Chinese: 林曼婷, born July 10, 1990 in Hualien, Taiwan), or 'Claire', is a Taiwanese female footballer with Amis descent.	Lin Man-ting	female
sex or gender	Riki Michele (born Michele Bunch, currently Michele Palmer) is a female Christian alternative music artist.	Riki Michele	female
sex or gender	Iain Harnden (born 23 September 1976) is a retired male hurdler from Zimbabwe.	Iain Harnden	male
sex or gender	Truid Blaisse-Terwindt (4 April 1917 -- 27 December 2002) was a Dutch female hockey- and tennis player who was active in the 1930s and 1940s.	Truid Blaisse-Terwindt	female
sex or gender	Mariyam Unoosha (Born 6 October 1985), known mononymously as Unoosha is a Maldivian female singer and songwriter.	Unoosha	female
sex or gender	The cult of Tetri Giorgi is syncretic, being a combination of the Christian patron saint of Georgia and a pagan moon deity, which, in Georgian folk tradition, represents the male principle.	Tetri Giorgi	male
sex or gender	Pernette Du Guillet (c.1520 -- July 7, 1545) was a female French poet of the Renaissance.	Pernette Du Guillet	female
sex or gender	The Honeys were a kind of female counterpart to the Beach Boys;	The Honeys	female
sex or gender	Olga Zhanibekova (born July 15, 1986 in Aktobe) is a female freestyle wrestler from Kazakhstan who participated in Women's freestyle wrestling 72 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics.	Olga Zhanibekova	female
sex or gender	Émilie Loit (born 9 June 1979) is a retired French professional female tennis player.	Émilie Loit	female
sex or gender	Roberto de Jesús is a male beach volleyball player from Dominican Republic, who participated the 2006 NORCECA Men's Beach Volleyball Continental Championship with Ezequiel Castillo.	Roberto de Jesús	male
sex or gender	Jacobo Díaz Ruiz (born 11 July 1976) is a former professional male tennis player from Spain who retired in 2004.	Jacobo Díaz	male
sex or gender	Gianpiero D. Palermo is the developer of the revolutionary procedure known as intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI), which is able to overcome male infertility in many cases.	Gianpiero D. Palermo	male
sex or gender	Jasmien Biebauw (born 24 September 1990) is a Belgian female volleyball player, playing as a setter.	Jasmien Biebauw	female
sex or gender	Ezell writes, ``Mary Fage lays claim to being, if not the first female professional writer, then the one most blatant in her search for patronage.''	Mary Fage	female
sex or gender	Meta Štoka (born June 23, 1949) is former a Yugoslav and Slovenian female professional basketball player.	Meta Štoka	female
sex or gender	The Geezer Bandit is suspected to be a white male between the ages of 60-70 years old who is between 5'10`` and 6'0'' and between 190 to 200 lb with an average build, and judging from footage and eyewitness accounts, he is left-handed.	Geezer Bandit	male
sex or gender	Ma Jin (simplified Chinese: 马晋; traditional Chinese: 馬晉; pinyin: Mǎ Jìn; born May 7, 1988 in China) is a female badminton player from China who specialises in women's doubles and mixed doubles.	Ma Jin	female
sex or gender	Daishi Dance (born Daishi Suzuki (鈴木大士 Suzuki Daishi) in 1976) is a male Japanese DJ and record producer.	Daishi Dance	male
sex or gender	Anaïs Lagougine (born September 24, 1981) is a French female rugby union player.	Anaïs Lagougine	female
sex or gender	Mulan Jameela (born August 23, 1979 in Garut; previously known as Mulan Kwok) is an Indonesian female solo singer.	Mulan Jameela	female
sport	Baseball at the 2007 Pan American Games took place at Cidade do Rock which received temporary facilities for baseball competitions, with a stadium and training fields.	Baseball at the 2007 Pan American Games	baseball
sport	Elise Alsand (born 1972) is a Norwegian team handball player who played for the club Nordstrand IF and on the Norway women's national handball team.	Elise Alsand	handball
sport	Epi Taione (a.k.a. Paddy Power) (born 2 March 1979) is a former Tongan rugby union footballer whose last club was London Welsh.	Epi Taione	rugby union
sport	Giorgos Balogiannis (Greek: Γιώργος Μπαλογιάννης; born January 17, 1971 in Athens, Greece) is a retired Greek professional basketball player.	Giorgos Balogiannis	basketball
sport	Ben McCalman (born 18 March 1988 in Dubbo, New South Wales) is an Australian rugby union footballer.	Ben McCalman	rugby union
sport	Valdas Vasylius (born 3 September 1983) is a Lithuanian basketball player who plays for Lietkabelis Panevėžys of the Lithuanian League.	Valdas Vasylius	basketball
sport	The 2013 UCI Juniors Track World Championships was the 10th annual Junior World Championship for track cycling held at the Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome in Glasgow, Scotland from 7 to 11 August 2013.	2013 UCI Juniors Track World Championships	track cycling
sport	Tyler Roehl (born January 29, 1986) is an American football coach and former running back.	Tyler Roehl	American football
sport	Newcastle Thunder is a professional rugby league club based in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.	Newcastle Thunder	rugby league
sport	The Chicago Pirates were a baseball team in the Players' League for a single season in 1890.	Chicago Pirates	baseball
sport	Sofia Polgar (Hungarian: Polgár Zsófia, pronounced (ˈpolɡaːr ˈʒoːfiɒ)); born November 2, 1974) is a Hungarian, Israeli and Canadian chess player, teacher, and artist.	Sofia Polgar	chess
sport	Abdel Moneim Wahby (November 11, 1911 -- May 8, 1988) was an Egyptian basketball player, referee and administrator.	Abdel Moneim Wahby	basketball
sport	The 1982 Toronto Molson Light Challenge was a tennis tournament, won by Ivan Lendl 7--5, 3--6, 7--6, 7--5 against John McEnroe.	1982 Toronto Molson Light Challenge	tennis
sport	Bernard Tomic (/tɔːmɪk/; born 21 October 1992) is an Australian professional tennis player who as of 11 January 2016 is ranked world No. 17 by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP), his career high ranking.	Bernard Tomic	tennis
sport	The 1925 Emperor's Cup was a Japanese association football competition.	1925 Emperor's Cup	association football
sport	The TSV Victoria Linden is a German rugby union club from the Linden suburb of Hannover, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.	TSV Victoria Linden	rugby union
sport	The 1990 Volvo International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in New Haven, Connecticut in the United States and was part of the Championship Series of the 1990 ATP Tour.	1990 Volvo International	tennis
sport	The 1995 Kyrgyzstan League is the 4th season of Kyrgyzstan League, the Football Federation of Kyrgyz Republic's top division of association football.	1995 Kyrgyzstan League	association football
sport	Perry Young (born August 4, 1963 in Baltimore, Maryland) is a retired professional basketball shooting guard who played one season in the National Basketball Association (NBA) with the Portland Trail Blazers and the Chicago Bulls during the 1986--87 season.	Perry Young	basketball
sport	The 2011 Australian Open was a tennis tournament featuring six different competitions, and part of the 2011 ATP World Tour, the 2011 WTA Tour, ITF Junior Tour and the NEC Tour, as tournaments for professional, junior and wheelchair players were held.	2011 Australian Open	tennis	tennis
sport	Krzysztof Pytel (born 15 May 1945) is a Polish chess player who twice won the Polish Chess Championship (1972, 1973).	Krzysztof Pytel	chess
sport	Jan Apell (born 4 November 1969) is a former tennis player from Sweden, who won the Davis Cup in 1994 in doubles.	Jan Apell	tennis
sport	Ineabelle Díaz Santana (born January 4, 1974 in Río Piedras) is a Puerto Rican taekwondo practitioner, who competed in the women's welterweight category.	Ineabelle Díaz	taekwondo
sport	The Bulgaria Fed Cup team represents Bulgaria in Fed Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Bulgarian Tennis Federation.	Bulgaria Fed Cup team	tennis
sport	Club Argentino de Rugby, simply known as Argentino, is an Argentine rugby union club.	Club Argentino de Rugby	rugby union
sport	The 2014 South Seas Island Resort Women's Pro Classic was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	2014 South Seas Island Resort Women's Pro Classic	tennis
sport	Santa Monica Rugby Club is a rugby union club from Santa Monica, California, United States.	Santa Monica Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	Lea Ann Parsley (born June 12, 1968) is a retired American skeleton racer from Granville, Ohio.	Lea Ann Parsley	skeleton
sport	Troy Stark (January 2, 1973 - June 1, 2001) was an American football offensive lineman.	Troy Stark	American football
sport	Liene Jansone (born 22 May 1981 in Riga) is a Latvian women's basketball player who has most recently played for the Tarsus Belediyesi of the Turkish Women's Basketball League and is member of the Latvian national team.	Liene Jansone	basketball
sport	The BSK Olympia Neugablonz is a German association football club from the Neugablonz suburb of the city of Kaufbeuren, Bavaria.	BSK Olympia Neugablonz	association football
sport	The 2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup was the sixth edition of the Gold Cup, the association football championship of North America, Central America and the Caribbean (CONCACAF).	2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup	association football
sport	The SVO Germaringen is a German association football club from Germaringen, Bavaria.	SVO Germaringen	association football
sport	VC Zellik (Volleybalclub Zellik) was a Belgian former professional volleyball club from the urbanised town of Zellik.	VC Zellik	volleyball
sport	The Switzerland Davis Cup team represents Switzerland in the Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by Swiss Tennis.	Switzerland Davis Cup team	tennis
sport	Karin Kschwendt (born 14 September 1968) is a former professional tennis player who represented Austria, Germany and Luxembourg at various points in her career.	Karin Kschwendt	tennis
sport	Eusebio Guiñazú (born 15 January 1982 in Mendoza, Argentina) is an Argentine rugby union player who plays for Munster.	Eusebio Guiñazú	rugby union
sport	Annette Skotvoll (born September 1, 1968 in Trondheim) is a Norwegian team handball player (goalkeeper) and Olympic medalist.	Annette Skotvoll	handball
sport	The 1997 British Lions tour to South Africa was a series of matches played by the British Lions rugby union team in South Africa.	1997 British Lions tour to South Africa	rugby union
sport	The annually recurring Great Tibetan Marathon is a marathon takes place on the Tibetan Plateau in northern India - also known as little Tibet.	Great Tibetan Marathon	marathon
sport	Christinna Pedersen (born May 12, 1986) is an internationally elite badminton player from Ålborg, Denmark.	Christinna Pedersen	badminton
sport	The Mieses Opening is a chess opening that begins with the move: 1.	Mieses Opening	chess
sport	Ilga Kļaviņa (born March 9, 1941, Riga, Latvia as Ilga Dzenīte) is a Latvian chess player.	Ilga Kļaviņa	chess
sport	Daryl Corletto (born 24 August 1981) is an Australian-British professional basketball player who currently plays for the Plymouth Raiders of the British Basketball League (BBL) as a player/coach.	Daryl Corletto	basketball
sport	Guillermo Vilas (Spanish pronunciation: (giˈʃeɾmo ˈbilas); born 17 August 1952) is a retired professional tennis player from Argentina who won four major singles titles.	Guillermo Vilas	tennis
sport	Stefan Nguyen (Vietnamese: Nguyễn Tuấn Tú; born 24 February 1992) is a Swedish professional basketball player for the Saigon Heat of the ASEAN Basketball League.	Stefan Nguyen	basketball
sport	Elin Bergblom (born 1982) is a Swedish professional badminton player.	Elin Bergblom	badminton
sport	The Tacoma Sabercats were an American professional minor league ice hockey team based in Tacoma, Washington.	Tacoma Sabercats	ice hockey
sport	WBC Dynamo Kursk (In Russian: ЖБК ``Динамо'' Курск) is a Russian women's basketball club from Kursk playing in the Russian Premier League.	Dynamo Kursk	basketball
sport	Kochi Tuskers Kerala was a franchise cricket team that played in the Indian Premier League (IPL) representing the city of Kochi, Kerala.	Kochi Tuskers Kerala	cricket
sport	The 2008 Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles season was a season in Japanese baseball.	2008 Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles season	baseball
sport	The UEFA Best Player in Europe Award is an association football award given to the footballer playing for a football club in Europe that is considered the best in the previous season.	UEFA Best Player in Europe Award	association football
sport	Jackson Melián (born January 7, 1980) is a Venezuelan professional baseball outfielder.	Jackson Melián	baseball
sport	Midleton RFC is an Irish rugby union club that currently plays in Division 2B of the All-Ireland League.	Midleton RFC	rugby union
sport	Byron Marshall (born c. 1994) is an American football running back and wide receiver.	Byron Marshall	American football
sport	Gabriela Sedláková (born 2 March 1968) is a former Czechoslovak track and field athlete who competed in the 800 metres.	Gabriela Sedláková	track and field
sport	Jeff Pain (born December 14, 1970) is an American-born, Canadian skeleton racer who has competed since 1995.	Jeff Pain	skeleton
sport	The Santaizi ATP Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Taipei City, Taiwan since 2014.	Santaizi ATP Challenger	tennis
sport	The Nimzo-Indian Defence is a chess opening characterised by the moves: 1.	Nimzo-Indian Defence	chess
sport	Brenden Dillon (born November 13, 1990) is a Canadian born professional ice hockey player currently playing with the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Brenden Dillon	ice hockey
sport	Martin Živný (born 20 March 1981) is a Czech professional association football player.	Martin Živný	association football
sport	Valentin Morozov (Russian: Валентин Морозов; born June 1, 1975) is a former Russian professional ice hockey player who spent the majority of his career in the Russian Super League.	Valentin Morozov	ice hockey
sport	The 1973 CFL Draft composed of nine rounds where 93 Canadian football players were chosen from eligible Canadian universities and, for the first time, Canadian players playing in the NCAA.	1973 CFL Draft	Canadian football
sport	Adel Massaad (born June 24, 1964) is a professional table tennis player.	Adel Massaad	table tennis
sport	Sandis Buškevics (born 28 January 1977, Ventspils, Latvia) is a former Latvian professional basketball defender, who is the assistant coach of Lietuvos Rytas Vilnius.	Sandis Buškevics	basketball
sport	Jeanne Arth (born July 21, 1935, in Saint Paul, Minnesota) is an American former Wimbledon and US Championships doubles tennis title holder.	Jeanne Arth	tennis
sport	HC Most is an ice hockey team in Most, Czech Republic.	HC Most	ice hockey
sport	Markus Penz (born June 6, 1975 in Innsbruck) is an Austrian skeleton racer who has competed since 2002.	Markus Penz	skeleton
sport	Jordan Krestanovich (born June 14, 1981) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is the former player-head coach for the Braehead Clan in the British Elite Ice Hockey League.	Jordan Krestanovich	ice hockey
sport	The DJK Vilzing is a German association football club from the village of Vilzing, located near Cham, Bavaria.	DJK Vilzing	association football
sport	Mariam Traore (born 1980) is an Ivorian team handball player.	Mariam Traore	handball
sport	The 1994 WTA German Open was a professional women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Berlin, Germany.	1994 WTA German Open	tennis
sport	The 2010 Karjala Tournament is an ice hockey tournament that took place between November 11 and November 14, 2010.	2010 Karjala Tournament	ice hockey
sport	Ninja Golf is an Atari 7800 video game which combines scrolling beat 'em up with golf simulation gameplay.	Ninja Golf	golf
sport	Kubota Spears is a Japanese rugby union team which is based in Funabashi, Chiba and they play in the Top League.	Kubota Spears	rugby union
sport	Miyu Nagaoka (長岡望悠 Nagaoka Miyu, born July 25, 1991) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Hisamitsu Springs.	Miyu Nagaoka	volleyball
sport	The Danish Women's Handball League (Danish: Damehåndboldligaen) is the top professional league for Danish women's handball clubs.	Danish Women's Handball League	handball
sport	Panagiotis Giannakis (Greek: Παναγιώτης Γιαννάκης, pronounced (panaˈʝotis ʝaˈnacis); born January 1, 1959), nicknamed ``The Dragon'', is a retired Greek professional basketball player and a current professional basketball coach of continental reputation.	Panagiotis Giannakis	basketball
sport	Ice Hockey UK (IHUK) is the national governing body of the sport of ice hockey in the United Kingdom.	Ice Hockey UK	ice hockey
sport	Nico Motchebon (born 13 November 1969 in Berlin) is a former German 800 metres runner.	Nico Motchebon	800 metres
sport	Joseph Jerome Lambert (May 29, 1971 -- August 11, 2007) was an American expatriate basketball player who is best known for leading NCAA Division I in rebounding in 1993--94 while playing for Baylor.	Jerome Lambert	basketball
sport	Rita Varnienė (born 9 May 1973), née Dambravaitė, is a Lithuania chess player who won the Lithuanian Chess Championship for women two times (1991, 1999).	Rita Varnienė	chess
sport	Luke Gross (born November 21, 1969) is an American former rugby union player and current rugby coach and administrator.	Luke Gross	rugby union
sport	Ruy de Freitas (August 24, 1916 -- August 2, 2012) was a Brazilian basketball player, who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1948.	Ruy de Freitas	basketball
sport	The 2005 DFS Classic was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Edgbaston Priory Club in Birmingham in the United Kingdom that was part of Tier III of the 2005 WTA Tour.	2005 DFS Classic	tennis
sport	Qingdao Hailifeng F.C. (Chinese: 青岛海利丰足球俱乐部), previously named Qingdao JVC Zhengyi, Qingdao Benda, Hefei Chuangyi, Qingdao Aokema and Qingdao Haixin is a former professional association football club in the Chinese Football Association Jia League.	Qingdao Hailifeng F.C.	association football
sport	SG Wattenscheid 09 is a German association football club located in Wattenscheid which was a separate town until 1975, since then it is a quarter of Bochum, North Rhine-Westphalia.	SG Wattenscheid 09	association football
sport	Patrice Collazo (born 27 April 1974 in La Seyne-sur-Mer, Var) is a French rugby union footballer, currently playing in the Top 14 for Racing Métro 92 Paris.	Patrice Collazo	rugby union
sport	Viktor Hübl (born August 12, 1978) is a Czech professional ice hockey player and former National Team member.	Viktor Hübl	ice hockey
sport	Ned Lukacevic (born February 11, 1986) is a professional ice hockey left winger.	Ned Lukacevic	ice hockey
sport	The Manawatu Jets were a professional basketball team that played in the New Zealand National Basketball League.	Manawatu Jets	basketball
sport	János Mátyus (born 20 December 1974 in Budapest) is a Hungarian association football player.	János Mátyus	association football
sport	A.S.D. Chiavari Calcio Caperana was an Italian association football club, based in Caperana, a frazione of Chiavari, Liguria.	A.S.D. Chiavari Calcio Caperana	association football
sport	Dennis Hopson (born April 22, 1965) is a retired American professional basketball player and until the end of the 2013-14 season was an assistant coach at Bowling Green State University.	Dennis Hopson	basketball
sport	In 2008, Rocca opened his own golf academy, the Costantino Rocca Golf Academy, at Golf Club Gerre Losone in Switzerland.	Costantino Rocca	golf
sport	Art Hampson (born March 27, 1947) is a retired ice hockey player that was drafted by the Chicago Black Hawks in the 1st round with the 5th overall pick of the 1963 NHL Draft.	Art Hampson	ice hockey
sport	The 2015 Men's European Volleyball League was the 12th edition of the annual men's European Volleyball League, which features men's national volleyball teams from twelve European countries.	2015 Men's European Volleyball League	volleyball
sport	Brunflo IK is a Swedish ice hockey club based in Brunflo.	Brunflo IK	ice hockey
sport	The NWA Anarchy Heavyweight Championship is the top title for NWA Anarchy professional wrestling promotion.	NWA Anarchy Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Bleddyn Williams MBE (22 February 1923 -- 6 July 2009), was a Welsh rugby union centre.	Bleddyn Williams	rugby union
sport	The Victorian Football League (VFL) which evolved from the former Victorian Football Association (VFA), taking its new name as from the 1996 season, is the major state-level Australian rules football league in Victoria.	Victorian Football League	Australian rules football
sport	The Huntsville Channel Cats was a professional ice hockey team based in Huntsville, Alabama.	Huntsville Channel Cats	ice hockey
sport	Eintracht Frankfurt e.V. (German pronunciation: (ˈʔaɪ̯ntʁaxt ˈfʁaŋkfʊɐt)) is a German sports club based in Frankfurt, Hesse, that is best known for its association football club, currently playing in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system.	Eintracht Frankfurt	association football
sport	The New South Wales Country Cockatoos is an amateur representative rugby union football team.	New South Wales Country Cockatoos	rugby union
sport	Jérôme Dekeyser (born 15 December 1983) is a Belgian international field hockey player for Braxgata in Antwerp who is usually plays as an attacker.	Jérôme Dekeyser	field hockey
sport	Lee Odelein (born March 4, 1967) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenseman.	Lee Odelein	ice hockey
sport	Limburg United, for sponsorship reasons named Hubo Limburg United, is a professional basketball club based in Hasselt, Limburg, Belgium.	Limburg United	basketball
sport	Theo Anast (born 1966 in Armidale, Australia) was a rugby league player for the Canterbury Bulldogs in the Australian New South Wales Rugby League premiership and St Gaudens in the French Elite Championship.	Theo Anast	rugby league
sport	Dainese (pronounced die-neh-zeh) is an Italian manufacturer of protective wear for motorcycling, mountain biking and downhill skiing.	Dainese	mountain biking
sport	Vendée Challans Basket is a French basketball club based in the city of Challans and playing in NM1.	Vendée Challans Basket	basketball
sport	The 2013 Swiss Open Grand Prix Gold was a badminton tournament held in St. Jakobshalle, Basel, Switzerland from March 12 until March 17, 2013.	2013 Swiss Open Grand Prix Gold	badminton
sport	Mike Carman (born April 14, 1988) is an American bandy player and former professional ice hockey player.	Mike Carman	ice hockey
sport	Levitsky versus Marshall is a famous game of chess played by Stepan Levitsky and Frank Marshall.	Levitsky versus Marshall	chess
sport	Gene Fairbanks (born 8 August 1982 in Goondiwindi, Australia) is a professional Australian rugby union footballer.	Gene Fairbanks	rugby union
sport	Ron Baxter is a former basketball forward who played for the University of Texas Men's Basketball team from 1977 to 1980 and helped lead the Longhorns to the 1978 NIT Championship.	Ron Baxter	basketball
sport	The Metropolitan Club (the New York Metropolitans or the Mets) was a 19th-century professional baseball team that played in New York City from 1880 to 1887.	New York Metropolitans	baseball
sport	Maurice Beyina (born August 8, 1971 in Saint-Denis, France) is a French basketball player who played for French league Pro-A clubs Bourg and Nancy during the 2002-2004 seasons.	Maurice Beyina	basketball
sport	Samppa Lajunen (born 23 April 1979 in Turku) is a retired Finnish Nordic combined athlete who competed during the late 1990s and early 2000s.	Samppa Lajunen	Nordic combined
sport	The Thailand Basketball League (TBL) (Thai: ไทยแลนด์บาสเกตบอลลีก) is a men's professional basketball league in Thailand.	Thailand Basketball League	basketball
sport	The AFC Cup is an annual international association football competition between domestic clubs run by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC).	AFC Cup	association football
sport	The Canadian Amateur Hockey Association (CAHA) was the national governing body of amateur ice hockey play in Canada from 1914 until 1994 when it merged with the Canadian Hockey Association or Hockey Canada.	Canadian Amateur Hockey Association	ice hockey
sport	Alexander Petrenko (February 4, 1976 -- July 21, 2006) was a Russian professional basketball player.	Alexander Petrenko	basketball
sport	Troy Coker (born 30 May 1965 in Brisbane) is a former Australian international rugby union player.	Troy Coker	rugby union
sport	Mark Keil (born June 3, 1967 in Mountain View, California) is a former professional tennis player from the United States and now tennis coach who won five ATP World Tour doubles tournaments and was runner up at eight more.	Mark Keil	tennis
sport	Weald Warriors RLFC are a rugby league team playing in the London and South East Championship of the Rugby League Conference London & South Division.	Weald Warriors	rugby league
sport	Dr. Martin Christoffel (21 September 1922 -- 3 April 2001) was a Swiss chess champion born in Basel.	Martin Christoffel	chess
sport	Berliner Sport-Club, commonly known as Berliner SC, is a German association football club based in Berlin.	Berliner Sport-Club	association football
sport	Robert Aghasaryan (born 1 March 1994, Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian chess champion.	Robert Aghasaryan	chess
sport	Robert Ramillon is a French tennis professional player of the 1930s and is the winner of French Pro in 1932.	Robert Ramillon	tennis
sport	Whittlebury Park is a golf and camping resort located in Whittlebury, South Northamptonshire, England, near Silverstone circuit.	Whittlebury Park	golf
sport	The 2002 Hong Kong Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Hong Kong in the People's Republic of China and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour.	2002 Hong Kong Open	tennis
sport	The 1967 Football League Cup Final was an association football match between Queens Park Rangers (QPR) and West Bromwich Albion on 4 March 1967 at Wembley Stadium, London.	1967 Football League Cup Final	association football
sport	Zdravko Radulović (born December 12, 1966) is a retired Croatian professional basketball player, who is now a coach.	Zdravko Radulović	basketball
sport	Martin Andreas Schreiber (born July 21, 1987) is a Swedish basketball player who last played for Zornotza ST in the Spanish third division.	Andreas Schreiber	basketball
sport	Pedrie Wannenburg (born 2 January 1981 in Nelspruit) is a South African rugby union player who plays for Oyonnax in the French Top 14.	Pedrie Wannenburg	rugby union
sport	Berthold Koch (22 February 1899 -- 2 May 1988) was a German chess master and journalist.	Berthold Koch	chess
sport	Tien Lei (Chinese: 田壘; born June 1, 1983 in Kaohsiung City, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese professional basketball player.	Tien Lei	basketball
sport	Padasak Tanviriyavechakul (Thai: ภาดาศักดิ์ ตันวิริยะเวชกุล; rtgs: Phadasak Tanwiriyawetchakun, born 17 May 1995) is a Thai table tennis player.	Padasak Tanviriyavechakul	table tennis
sport	Christopher Tolofua (b. December 31, 1993) is a French rugby union player who currently plays for Toulouse.	Christopher Tolofua	rugby union
sport	The Guelph Biltmore Mad Hatters were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1940 to 1942, and 1947 to 1960.	Guelph Biltmore Mad Hatters	ice hockey
sport	Budapest Stars is a Hungarian ice hockey team that currently plays in the OB I bajnokság and in the MOL Liga.	Budapest Stars	ice hockey
sport	Maia Lomineishvili (born 1977) is a Georgian chess player, and an international master.	Maia Lomineishvili	chess
sport	The 2010 BWF World Junior Championships (badminton) were held in Guadalajara, Mexico from April 16 to 25, 2010.	2010 BWF World Junior Championships	badminton
sport	Mike Palefau is an American rugby union player who plays center in 7s and wing in 15s.	Mike Palefau	rugby union
sport	The Scranton Miners were an Eastern Professional Basketball League basketball team based in Scranton, Pennsylvania that was a member of the American Basketball League.	Scranton Miners	basketball
sport	The 2010 WAFU Nations Cup was the first edition of the WAFU Nations Cup, an association football tournament organised by the West African Football Union.	2010 WAFU Nations Cup	association football
sport	The British Hard Court Championships is a defunct Grand Prix tennis and WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament played from 1968 to 1983 and 1995 to 1996.	British Hard Court Championships	tennis
sport	Simon Hodgkinson (born 15 December 1962) is a former England international rugby union player.	Simon Hodgkinson	rugby union
sport	Luke Roberts (born 25 January 1977) is an Australian racing cyclist specialising in both track cycling and road bicycle racing, on Stölting-Ruhr for road racing.	Luke Roberts	track cycling
sport	The 2008 Copenhagen Masters in badminton was the 16th edition of the Copenhagen Masters.	2008 Copenhagen Masters	badminton
sport	The VfB Helmbrechts is a German association football club from the city of Helmbrechts, Bavaria.	VfB Helmbrechts	association football
sport	FC Malesh Mikrevo is a Bulgarian association football club based in the village of Mikrevo, Blagoevgrad Province, which currently competes in the West B PFG, the second tier of the Bulgarian football league system.	FC Malesh Mikrevo	association football
sport	Gervasio González ``Strique'' Ojarul (born 1884 - death date unknown) was a Cuban baseball catcher in the Cuban League and Negro leagues.	Gervasio González	baseball
sport	The 1994 Athens International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Athens in Greece that was part of the World Series of the 1994 ATP Tour.	1994 Athens International	tennis
sport	Darren Cahill (born 2 October 1965 in Adelaide, Australia) is a tennis coach and former professional tennis player from Australia.	Darren Cahill	tennis
sport	The Sky High of Arsion Championship was a professional wrestling championship owned by the Hyper Visual Fighting Arsion promotion.	Sky High of Arsion Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The Mozambique national football team (Portuguese: equipa nacional de futebol de Moçambique), popularly known as Os Mambas, represents Mozambique in association football and is controlled by the Federação Moçambicana de Futebol, the governing body for football in Mozambique.	Mozambique national football team	association football
sport	BSC Preussen was an ice hockey team in Berlin, Germany.	BSC Preussen	ice hockey
sport	Nikola Vučurović (born May 17, 1980) is a Montenegrin professional basketball Small forward (basketball) who currently plays for Teodo Tivat of the Montenegrin League.	Nikola Vučurović	basketball
sport	Athletic Club Ajaccio (French pronunciation: ​(aʒaksjo); commonly referred to as AC Ajaccio or simply Ajaccio) is a French association football club based in the city of Ajaccio on the island of Corsica.	AC Ajaccio	association football
sport	IFAF Asia is the governing body of American football in Asia.	IFAF Asia	American football
sport	The United States Football League (USFL) was an American football league that played for three seasons, 1983 through 1985.	United States Football League	American football
sport	The 1993 Volvo International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Cullman-Heyman Tennis Center in New Haven, Connecticut, United States and was part of the Championship Series of the 1993 ATP Tour.	1993 Volvo International	tennis	tennis	tennis
sport	The CONCACAF U-17 Championship is an international association football event in the North America, Central America and the Caribbean region, and is the qualification tournament for the FIFA U-17 World Cup.	CONCACAF U-17 Championship	association football
sport	The 2012 15U Baseball World Championship will be the first under-15 international baseball competition held in Chihuahua, Mexico from August 16 to August 26, 2012.	2012 15U Baseball World Championship	baseball
sport	Terry Biggs is an Australian Paralympic table tennis player, athlete, and administrator.	Terry Biggs	table tennis
sport	Jaroslav Hlinka (born November 10, 1976 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey forward, currently playing for HC Sparta Praha in the Czech Extraliga.	Jaroslav Hlinka	ice hockey
sport	FC Hakoah, is an association football club based in Zürich, Switzerland.	FC Hakoah	association football
sport	Tallinna HK Stars are a professional Estonian ice hockey team.	Tallinna HK Stars	ice hockey
sport	2008 Gomelsky Cup was a basketball competition in Europe that occurred in Moscow between September 22, 2008 and September 24, 2008.	2008 Gomelsky Cup	basketball
sport	The Detroit Compuware Ambassadors were an elite Midget Major ice hockey team playing in the Tier I Elite Hockey League.	Detroit Compuware Ambassadors	ice hockey
sport	Manuel Seidl (born October 26, 1988) is an Austrian professional association football player who plays as a midfielder for Wolfsberger AC.	Manuel Seidl	association football
sport	The Tour of Flanders for Women (Dutch: Ronde van Vlaanderen voor Vrouwen) is the women's edition of the Tour of Flanders, a road bicycle racing event in Flanders, Belgium.	Tour of Flanders for Women	road bicycle racing
sport	Saurav Ghosal (born 10 August 1986, in Kolkata, West Bengal) is a professional squash player from India and reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 15 in December 2013.	Saurav Ghosal	squash
sport	Nathan Sharpe (born 26 February 1978 in Wagga Wagga) is a retired professional Australian rugby union player.	Nathan Sharpe	rugby union
sport	The 1999 Belgian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Antwerp, Belgium that was part of Tier IV of the 1999 WTA Tour.	1999 Belgian Open	tennis
sport	Morten Madsen (born January 16, 1987) is a Danish professional ice hockey player who has played more than 100 games in the AHL.	Morten Madsen	ice hockey
sport	Latvian Footballer of the Year is an association football award for Latvia.	Latvian Footballer of the Year	association football
sport	Anquell McCollum (born 1973) is an American college basketball coach and former professional player.	Anquell McCollum	basketball
sport	Andrew Trimble (born 20 October 1984) is an Irish rugby union player from Coleraine.	Andrew Trimble	rugby union
sport	Ondřej Starosta (born May 5, 1979 in Prague) is a Czech professional basketball player.	Ondřej Starosta	basketball
sport	The 2008 IIHF World Women's U18 Championship was the inaugural junior female world ice hockey championship.	2008 IIHF World Women's U18 Championship	ice hockey
sport	Nicolas Agnesi is a French rugby union player, born September 9, 1988, in Draguignan (Var), who plays as left prop for Pau club (1.84 m, 111 kg).	Nicolas Agnesi	rugby union
sport	The Thomas Cup, sometimes called the World Men's Team Championships, is an international badminton competition among teams representing member nations of the Badminton World Federation (BWF), the sport's global governing body.	Thomas Cup	badminton
sport	Olaf Beyer (born August 4, 1957 in Grimma) was an East German 800 metres runner.	Olaf Beyer	800 metres
sport	Faïza Tsabet ( born March 22, 1985 in Chlef ) is an Algerian international volleyball player.	Faïza Tsabet	volleyball
sport	Colby Cameron (born April 5, 1990) is an American football quarterback who currently plays for the Fujitsu Frontiers of the X-League.	Colby Cameron	American football
sport	The 2009 IFA Shield was an association football tournament organised by the Indian Football Association.	2009 IFA Shield	association football
sport	The 1989 Virginia Slims of Los Angeles was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Manhattan Country Club in Manhattan Beach, California in the United States that was part of Tier II of the 1989 WTA Tour.	1989 Virginia Slims of Los Angeles	tennis
sport	PNC Park is a baseball park located on the North Shore of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	PNC Park	baseball
sport	The Akron Racers are a women's softball team based in Akron, Ohio.	Akron Racers	softball
sport	The 2013 Danish Figure Skating Championships (Danish: Danske Mesterskaber 2013) were the Danish Figure Skating Championships of the 2012-2013 figure skating season.	2013 Danish Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Michelle Plouffe (born September 15, 1992) is a Canadian basketball player who played for the University of Utah located in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.	Michelle Plouffe	basketball
sport	Chester McGlockton (September 16, 1969 -- November 30, 2011) was an American football defensive tackle who played for four different teams in his twelve season National Football League career from 1992 to 2003.	Chester McGlockton	American football
sport	The Uber Cup, sometimes called the World Team Championships for Women, is a major international badminton competition contested by women's national badminton teams.	Uber Cup	badminton
sport	Jeff Hassler (born 21 August 1991) is a Canadian rugby union player and winger for the Ospreys in the Guinness Pro12 professional Rugby league.	Jeff Hassler	rugby union
sport	The 18th Chess Olympiad, organized by FIDE and comprising an open team tournament, as well as several other events designed to promote the game of chess, took place between October 17 and November 7, 1968, in Lugano, Switzerland.	18th Chess Olympiad	chess
sport	Tom Kleinschmidt (born February 21, 1973) is a retired American basketball player and current head basketball coach at DePaul College Prep High School in Chicago, Illinois.	Tom Kleinschmidt	basketball
sport	Rolandas Alijevas (born 20 January 1985) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player of Azeri descent.	Rolandas Alijevas	basketball
sport	Samuel Costa (born 30 November 1992) is an Italian Nordic combined skier.	Samuel Costa	Nordic combined
sport	Miyuki Takahashi (高橋 みゆき Takahashi Miyuki, born 25 December 1978) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for the NEC Red Rockets.	Miyuki Takahashi	volleyball
sport	Patty Fendick (born March 31, 1965) is a former professional women's tennis player and is the former head women's tennis coach at the University of Texas.	Patty Fendick	tennis
sport	Matilda Boson (born 1981) is a Swedish handball player who plays for the Sweden women's national handball team.	Matilda Boson	handball
sport	Jarvis Giles (born January 15, 1990) is an American football running back.	Jarvis Giles	American football
sport	Baloncesto Fuenlabrada, S.A.D., also known as Montakit Fuenlabrada is a professional basketball team based in Fuenlabrada, Madrid, Spain, currently playing in the Liga ACB.	Baloncesto Fuenlabrada	basketball
sport	The Kenora Thistles were an early amateur men's ice hockey team based in Kenora, Ontario, Canada, formed in 1885 as a senior team by a group of Lake of the Woods lumbermen.	Kenora Thistles	ice hockey
sport	Colin Carr-Lawton (born 5 September 1978) is an English former professional association football player who played as a striker.	Colin Carr-Lawton	association football
sport	Jaylon Smith (born June 14, 1995) is an American football outside linebacker for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish.	Jaylon Smith	American football
sport	The Pacific Coast Hockey League was an ice hockey minor league with teams in the western United States and western Canada that existed in several incarnations: from 1928 to 1931, from 1936 to 1941, and from 1944 to 1952.	Pacific Coast Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	Wylie Human (born 26 February 1979) is a South African rugby union winger.	Wylie Human	rugby union
sport	SSV Barmen was a German association football club from Barmen in the city of Wuppertal, North Rhine-Westphalia.	SSV Barmen	association football
sport	The 1940 VFL Lightning Premiership (known at the time as the Patriotic Premiership) was an Australian rules football knockout competition played entirely on Saturday, 3 August, 1940, at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG).	1940 VFL Lightning Premiership	Australian rules football
sport	Shay Doron (Hebrew: שי דורון‎) (born April 1, 1985) is an Israeli professional basketball player in the Israeli league.	Shay Doron	basketball
sport	Éric Bellerose (born February 7, 1972) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played from 1993 until his retirement in 2007.	Éric Bellerose	ice hockey
sport	The Nakuru AllStars are a Kenyan association football club based in Nakuru.	Nakuru AllStars	association football
sport	Georgia Schweitzer (born January 31, 1979 in Gahanna, Ohio, U.S.) is a former collegiate and professional basketball player.	Georgia Schweitzer	basketball
sport	Nikolai Valuev vs. Evander Holyfield was a professional boxing match contested on December 20, 2008 for the WBA heavyweight championship.	Nikolai Valuev vs. Evander Holyfield	boxing
sport	Leroy Edwards (April 11, 1914 -- August 25, 1971), nicknamed ``Cowboy'' and ``Lefty'', was one of the greatest basketball players of his era.	Leroy Edwards	basketball
sport	Karl-August Tiirmaa (born July 7, 1989 in Võru) is an Estonian Nordic combined skier.	Karl-August Tiirmaa	Nordic combined
sport	Ivan Koljević (Cyrillic: Иван Кољевић; born June 30, 1984) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player.	Ivan Koljević	basketball
sport	Dragan Tubak (born April 8, 1987 in Banja Luka) is a Serbian-Bosnian professional basketball player for KK Feni Industries of the Macedonian First League (basketball).	Dragan Tubak	basketball
sport	The German Football League (GFL) is the elite league for American football in Germany.	German Football League	American football
sport	FC Sakhalin Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk (Russian: ФК Сахалин Южно-Сахалинск) is a Russian association football club based in Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, Russia and playing in the Russian Professional Football League.	FC Sakhalin Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk	association football
sport	Verein für Leibesübungen Bochum 1848 Fußballgemeinschaft, commonly referred to as simply VfL Bochum (faʊ̯ ʔɛf ˈʔɛl ˈboːxʊm), is a German association football club based in the city of Bochum, North Rhine-Westphalia.	VfL Bochum	association football
sport	Tihomil Drezga (Dresga, Drezza) (1903--1981) was a Croatian chess master.	Tihomil Drezga	chess
sport	The 1988 Pan Pacific Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium in Tokyo in Japan and was part of Tier III of the 1988 WTA Tour.	1988 Pan Pacific Open	tennis
sport	Kevin Sheppard (born 17 September 1979 in St Croix) is a United States Virgin Islands basketball player and former football striker.	Kevin Sheppard	basketball
sport	Daniel Scott McLellan (born February 10, 1963 in Toronto, Ontario) was a professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League.	Scott McLellan	ice hockey
sport	Ciaran Hearn (born December 30, 1985) is a Canadian rugby union player who currently plays for London Irish.	Ciaran Hearn	rugby union
sport	Tatsuya Fukuzawa (福澤達哉 Fukuzawa Tatsuya, born July 1, 1986) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Panasonic Panthers.	Tatsuya Fukuzawa	volleyball
sport	Avon Cobourne (born March 6, 1979) is a former American professional Canadian football running back who is currently a running back coach for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.	Avon Cobourne	Canadian football
sport	The 2002 Austrian Figure Skating Championships (German: Österreichischen Staatsmeisterschaften im Eiskunstlauf 2002) were the Austrian Figure Skating Championships of the 2001-2002 figure skating season.	2002 Austrian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The Aberdeen Roughnecks are a Scottish American football club based in Aberdeen, Scotland.	Aberdeen Roughnecks	American football
sport	The Carlton Football Club, nicknamed the Blues, is a professional Australian rules football club based in Melbourne.	Carlton Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The LEB Plata is the third tier in the Spanish basketball league system, the second tier in the leagues organized by the Spanish Basketball Federation.	LEB Plata	basketball
sport	The Cornish Pirates (Cornish: An Vorladron Gernewek) are a professional rugby union team who play in the Championship, the second level of the English rugby union pyramid, and are the premier Cornish rugby club.	Cornish Pirates	rugby union
sport	Lana Gehring (born August 21, 1990 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American short track speed skater.	Lana Gehring	speed skater
sport	Shahenga Osama is a professional squash player who represented Egypt.	Shahenga Osama	squash
sport	Joanne Aluka (born April 26, 1979 in Jackson, Mississippi, United States) is a Nigerian American women's basketball player.	Joanne Aluka	basketball
sport	Brains in Bahrain was an eight-game chess match between World Chess Champion Vladimir Kramnik and the computer program Deep Fritz 7, held in October 2002.	Brains in Bahrain	chess
sport	Edese Zwem- & Poloclub Polar Bears or simply Polar Bears Ede is a swimming and water polo club based in the city of Ede, Netherlands.	Edese Zwem- & Poloclub Polar Bears	swimming
sport	The 1997 Women's Cricket World Cup, known also as the Hero Honda Women's World Cup, was that year's World Cup in Women's One-day International cricket, and was held in India.	1997 Women's Cricket World Cup	cricket
sport	The Belleville Bulls were a junior ice hockey team, founded in 1981 and based in Belleville, Ontario, Canada.	Belleville Bulls	ice hockey
sport	Dragan Labović (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Лабовић; born April 20, 1987) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for BC Nokia of the Korisliiga.	Dragan Labović	basketball
sport	Kevin Schaeffer (born October 16, 1984) is an American former professional ice hockey player who last played for the Las Vegas Wranglers in the ECHL.	Kevin Schaeffer	ice hockey
sport	Quezon-Villa Anita is a Philippines basketball club and a new member of the National Basketball Conference.	Quezon-Villa Anita	basketball
sport	The WCWA World Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship in World Class Championship Wrestling.	WCWA World Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Nasser al-Rashed (22 July 1992 -- May 15, 2013) was a Kuwaiti squash player.	Nasser al-Rashed	squash
sport	The 2002 Franklin Templeton Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour.	2002 Franklin Templeton Classic	tennis
sport	Skövde IK is an ice hockey club from Skövde, Sweden that was founded in 1957.	Skövde IK	ice hockey
sport	Adolf Georg Olland (13 April 1867 -- 22 July 1933) was the leading Dutch chess master in the time before Max Euwe.	Adolf Georg Olland	chess
sport	Turn- und Sportgemeinschaft 1899 Hoffenheim e.V., or simply TSG 1899 Hoffenheim (pronounced (teː ʔɛs ɡeː ˈʔaxt͡seːnˈhʊndɐt ˈnɔʏ̯nʔʊntˈnɔʏ̯nt͡sɪç ˈhɔfənhaɪ̯m)) is a German association football club based in Hoffenheim, a village of Sinsheim municipality, Baden-Württemberg.	TSG 1899 Hoffenheim	association football
sport	Le'Raven Clark (born April 22, 1993 in Bryan, Texas) is an American football offensive tackle for the Texas Tech Red Raiders.	Le'Raven Clark	American football
sport	Eugene Delmar (born September 12, 1841, New York -- died February 22, 1909, New York), was one of the leading United States chess masters of 19th century and the four-time New York State champion in 1890, 1891, 1895 and 1897.	Eugene Delmar	chess
sport	Daniel Prenn (7 September 1904 -- 3 September 1991) was a German, Polish and British tennis player of Jewish origin.	Daniel Prenn	tennis
sport	The NHL Foundation Player Award is awarded annually to the National Hockey League (NHL) player ``who applies the core values of (ice) hockey--commitment, perseverance and teamwork--to enrich the lives of people in his community''.	NHL Foundation Player Award	ice) hockey
sport	John Vigilante (born May 24, 1985) is an American former professional ice hockey forward.	John Vigilante	ice hockey
sport	The 2006 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship was the 15th U-18 FIBA Africa championship, played under the auspices of the Fédération Internationale de Basketball, the world basketball sport governing body.	2006 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship	basketball
sport	The 1994 Comcast U.S. Indoor was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts that was part of the Championship Series of the 1994 ATP Tour.	1994 Comcast U.S. Indoor	tennis
sport	Oscar De La Hoya vs. Shane Mosley II, billed as ``Redemption'', was a professional boxing match contested on September 13, 2003 for De La Hoya's WBA, WBC, The Ring and lineal super welterweight (light--middleweight) championships.	Oscar De La Hoya vs. Shane Mosley	boxing
sport	The 1984 PBA Invitational Championship Finals was the best-of-5 basketball championship series of the 1984 PBA Invitational Conference.	1984 PBA Invitational Championship	basketball
sport	Ziomara Morrison Jara (born February 15, 1989) is a Chilean professional basketball player previously with the San Antonio Stars of the WNBA.	Ziomara Morrison	basketball
sport	Dan Ruland (born August 24, 1960) is an American former expatriate professional basketball player who had a college basketball career at James Madison University (JMU) between 1979--80 and 1982--83.	Dan Ruland	basketball
sport	VISADE Voorburg is a Dutch volleyball club from Voorburg.	VISADE Voorburg	volleyball
sport	Louise Hansen (born May 4, 1975 in Hørsholm) is a Danish retired association football player.	Louise Hansen	association football
sport	The 2015 Challenger ATP Cachantún Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on red clay courts.	2015 Challenger ATP Cachantún Cup	tennis
sport	Vladimír Nadrchal (born March 4, 1938 in Pardubice, Czechoslovakia) is an ice hockey player who played for the Czechoslovak national team.	Vladimír Nadrchal	ice hockey
sport	TKH Toruń is a Polish ice hockey team from Toruń, playing in the Polska Hokej Liga, the top-level ice hockey league in Poland.	TKH Toruń	ice hockey
sport	The CSWF Hardcore Championship was a professional wrestling hardcore heavyweight championship in the CyberSpace Wrestling Federation.	CSWF Hardcore Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The Colgate Series Championships, later named the Toyota Championships were the finales in an annual series of professional tennis tournaments for women from 1977 through 1982.	Toyota Championships	tennis
sport	Petra Ujhelyi (born December 17, 1980) is a former professional basketball player for the WNBA and overseas.	Petra Ujhelyi	basketball
sport	Anton Kohler (c. 1907 -- 7 September 1961) was a German chess player from Munich.	Anton Kohler	chess
sport	Milko Bjelica (born June 4, 1984) is a Serbian-born Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Darüşşafaka of the Turkish Basketball League (TBL).	Milko Bjelica	basketball
sport	The 2008 State of Origin series was the 27th year that the annual best-of-three series of interstate rugby league football matches between the Queensland and New South Wales representative teams was contested entirely under 'state of origin' selection rules.	2008 State of Origin series	rugby league
sport	Marjan Kovačević (* 8 April 1957) is a Serbian chess problemist.	Marjan Kovačević	chess
sport	Jean-Claude Bertrand (born 5 August 1954) is a retired badminton player from France.	Jean-Claude Bertrand	badminton
sport	Mjölby HC is a Swedish ice hockey club which has been playing in Division 1, the third tier of ice hockey in Sweden, since the 2008--09 season.	Mjölby HC	ice hockey
sport	Trond Einar Elden (born 21 February 1970) is a former Norwegian Nordic combined skier who represented Namdalseid I.L. in Trondheim.	Trond Einar Elden	Nordic combined
sport	The 2007 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship Game was the finals of the 2007 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament and determined the national champion for the 2006-07 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.	2007 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship Game	basketball
sport	The China Masters is an annual badminton tournament held in China.	China Masters	badminton
sport	Baruch Harold Wood MSc OBE (13 July 1909 -- 4 April 1989), generally known as B. H. Wood, was an English chess player, editor and author.	Baruch Harold Wood	chess
sport	Joris Bert (born 16 May 1987 in Louviers, France) height: 5'10``, weight :165 lbs), is a French baseball player who plays center field.	Joris Bert	baseball
sport	Francisco ``Pancho'' Coimbre Atiles (29 January 1909 -- 4 November 1989), more commonly known as Pancho Coimbre, was a Puerto Rican professional baseball player.	Pancho Coimbre	baseball
sport	The 1904 Navy Midshipmen football team represented the United States Naval Academy during the 1904 college football season.	1904 Navy Midshipmen football team	college football
sport	RK Zamet (Rukometni Klub Zamet) is a handball club from Rijeka, Croatia, formed in 1957.	RK Zamet	handball
sport	Adam Caporn (born 16 March 1982) is a retired Australian basketball player now serving as an assistant coach at Saint Mary's College of California, where he played U.S. college basketball.	Adam Caporn	basketball
sport	Sean Woods (born March 29, 1970) is an American former basketball player who currently serves as the head coach of the Morehead State University men's basketball team.	Sean Woods	basketball
sport	Hussein Sherif is an Egyptian taekwondo practitioner.	Hussein Sherif	taekwondo
sport	Lourival Mendes França (died 18 August 2012) was Brazilian draughts player (Brazilian draughts and International draughts), world champion in draughts-64 (1993).	Lourival Mendes França	draughts
sport	Footscray JUST (Jugoslav United Soccer Team) is a defunct association football club from Melbourne, Australia.	Footscray JUST	association football
sport	The 2006 Scottish Challenge Cup Final was an association football match between Ross County and Clyde on 12 November 2006 at McDiarmid Park in Perth.	2006 Scottish Challenge Cup Final	association football
sport	HC Budivelnyk (Ukrainian: ХК Будівельник, English: Builder Hockey Club) was a potential professional ice hockey team to based in Kiev, Ukraine.	HC Budivelnyk	ice hockey
sport	Frank Pastore (/pəˈstɔri/; August 21, 1957 -- December 17, 2012) was an American Major League baseball player and radio host.	Frank Pastore	baseball
sport	Yasser Seirawan (Arabic: ياسر سيروان‎; born March 24, 1960) is a chess grandmaster and four-time United States champion.	Yasser Seirawan	chess
sport	David Haye vs. Dereck Chisora, billed as Licensed to Thrill, was a controversial boxing grudge match that took place on 14 July 2012, at the Boleyn Ground, the home of West Ham United Football Club.	David Haye vs. Dereck Chisora	boxing
sport	Orrin H. Ingram II (born 1960) is an American heir, businessman, philanthropist and polo player.	Orrin H. Ingram II	polo
sport	The Indy Fuel are a minor league ice hockey team in the Midwest Division of the ECHL's Western Conference which began play in the 2014--15 season.	Indy Fuel	ice hockey
sport	Luca Cereda (born September 7, 1981) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey forward.	Luca Cereda	ice hockey
sport	The 1995 Skate America was the Skate America Grand Prix competition of the 1995--96 figure skating season.	1995 Skate America	figure skating
sport	Jean Cusson (born October 5, 1942) is a retired professional ice hockey player who briefly played in the National Hockey League for the Oakland Seals.	Jean Cusson	ice hockey
sport	The Roberto Clemente Award is given annually to the Major League Baseball (MLB) player who ``best exemplifies the game of baseball, sportsmanship, community involvement and the individual's contribution to his team'', as voted on by baseball fans and members of the media.	Roberto Clemente Award	baseball
sport	Yorkshire Carnegie (formerly Leeds Carnegie, Leeds Tykes and Leeds RUFC) are an English rugby union club in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, who play in the RFU Championship.	Yorkshire Carnegie	rugby union
sport	The British Asian Cup was a day/night Twenty20 cricket charity match played between the 2008 Indian Premier League (IPL) champion Rajasthan Royals and the 2008 Twenty20 Cup champion Middlesex Panthers played at the Lord's Cricket Ground, London, England.	British Asian Cup	cricket
sport	FC Sever Murmansk (Russian: ФК ``Север'' Мурманск) was a Russian association football club from Murmansk, founded in 1961.	FC Sever Murmansk	association football
sport	The 2004 MAC Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of the 2003-04 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, took place from March 8--13 at the Gund Arena in Cleveland, Ohio.	2004 MAC Men's Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	Corey Schwab (born November 4, 1970 in North Battleford, Saskatchewan) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey goalie.	Corey Schwab	ice hockey
sport	Jevon Crudup (born April 27, 1972) is a retired American professional basketball player and coach.	Jevon Crudup	basketball
sport	Darline Radamaker (April 16, 1999 in Port-au-Prince) is a Haitian women's association football player who currently plays for Michigan Gators youth soccer club.	Darline Radamaker	association football
sport	Gur Shelef (Hebrew: גור שלף‎; born January 10, 1974) is an Israeli former professional basketball player.	Gur Shelef	basketball
sport	Jonathan Filewich (born October 2, 1984) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player of Croatian ancestry Filewich was born in Kelowna, British Columbia, but grew up in Sherwood Park, Alberta.	Jonathan Filewich	ice hockey
sport	The 2014 SMT Shipping Topklasse cricket season is contested between eight teams playing in one single division.	2014 SMT Shipping Topklasse	cricket
sport	The 2010 Women's South American Volleyball Club Championship was the second official edition of the women's volleyball tournament, played by four teams over July 16--18, 2010 in Niño Héroe Manuel Bonilla Collisseum in Miraflores, Lima, Peru.	2010 Women's South American Volleyball Club Championship	volleyball
sport	Hugh Hesketh Hughes (October 1902 23 May 1940) was a Welsh champion polo player who trained in Argentina.	Hugh Hesketh Hughes	polo
sport	Jorinde Müller (born October 2, 1993 in Münster-Geschinen) is a Swiss freestyle skier, specializing in ski cross and alpine skiing.	Jorinde Müller	alpine skiing
sport	The Gulf Cup of Nations or Arabian Gulf Cup (Arabic: كأس الخليج العربي‎ Ka′s al-Khalīj al-′Arabiyy) is an association football tournament currently held every two years rotating the host city every edition.	Gulf Cup of Nations	association football
sport	Cüneyt Çakır (Turkish pronunciation: (ˈdʒyne̞jt ˈtʃäkɯɾ), born 23 November 1976) is a Turkish UEFA Elite association football referee.	Cüneyt Çakır	association football
sport	The Amelia Island Championships was a women's tennis tournament held in Amelia Island Plantation and later Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida, United States.	Amelia Island Championships	tennis
sport	Halil Kanacević (born October 23, 1991) is an American-born Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Budućnost Podgorica.	Halil Kanacević	basketball
sport	David Zogg (18 December 1902 -- 26 July 1977) was a Swiss alpine and Nordic combined skier.	David Zogg	Nordic combined
sport	Jaroslav Walter (January 6, 1939 in Sobědraž (now part of Kostelec nad Vltavou), Czechoslovakia -- June 20, 2014) was an ice hockey player who played for the Czechoslovak national team.	Jaroslav Walter	ice hockey
sport	Christine Marie ``Chris'' Evert (born December 21, 1954), known as Chris Evert-Lloyd from 1979 to 1987, is a former World No. 1 professional tennis player from the United States.	Chris Evert	tennis
sport	The 2014 Thomas & Uber Cup was the 28th tournament of the Thomas Cup and 25th tournament of the Uber Cup, the premier badminton team championships for men and women respectively.	2014 Thomas & Uber Cup	badminton
sport	Frank Thomas Big Hurt Baseball is a multiplatform baseball simulation game that was licensed by the Major League Baseball Players Association, featuring the likeness, motion captured movements, and ``Big Hurt'' branding of player Frank Thomas.	Frank Thomas Big Hurt Baseball	baseball
sport	Lamine Ouahab (Arabic: الأمين وهاب) (born 22 December 1984) is a professional tennis player.	Lamine Ouahab	tennis
sport	The Torneio Roberto Gomes Pedrosa, also known as Taça de Prata, or nicknamed Robertão, was an association football competition contested in Brazil between 1967 and 1970 among soccer teams from São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Rio Grande do Sul, Minas Gerais and Paraná states.	Torneio Roberto Gomes Pedrosa	association football
sport	Boyan Yordanov (Bulgarian: Боян Йорданов) is a Bulgarian volleyball player, member of the Bulgaria men's national volleyball team.	Boyan Yordanov	volleyball
sport	Hong Kong Nepalese Football Association (HKNFA) are an all-star association football club composed of top flight Nepalese players from various football clubs in Hong Kong.	Hong Kong Nepalese Football Association	association football
sport	The Eugenio Monti track (Italian: Pista Olimpica di Bob - Eugenio Monti ) is a bobsleigh and skeleton track located in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy.	Eugenio Monti track	bobsleigh	skeleton
sport	Miloslav Mečíř (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɪloslaf ˈmɛtʃiːr̝)) (born 19 May 1964) is a former professional tennis player from Slovakia.	Miloslav Mečíř	tennis
sport	Rafał Dobrowolski (born December 27, 1983 in Kielce) is an athlete from Poland, who competes in archery.	Rafał Dobrowolski	archery
sport	Fan Zhendong (Chinese: 樊振东; born 22 January 1997) is a Chinese table tennis player.	Fan Zhendong	table tennis
sport	John Vallely (born October 3, 1948) is a retired American basketball player from Balboa Island, Newport Beach, California.	John Vallely	basketball
sport	Brano Đukanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Брано Ђукановић, born 21 March 1995) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for Metalac Valjevo in the Serbian League and the ABA League.	Brano Đukanović	basketball
sport	The 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup was an international association football tournament and the world championship for women's national teams under the age of 20 organized by the sport's world governing body FIFA.	2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup	association football
sport	Gabriel Maestre currently captains Venezuela's national boxing team and the Caciques de Venezuela team in World Series of Boxing.	Gabriel Maestre	boxing
sport	Christos Kostas Chelios (born January 25, 1962), better known as Chris Chelios, is a retired American professional ice hockey defenseman.	Chris Chelios	ice hockey
sport	The Sunshine Tour is a men's professional golf tour based in Southern Africa.	Sunshine Tour	golf
sport	The Malaysia National Basketball League (Petronas-Molten Malaysia National Basketball League for sponsorship reason), often abbreviated to the MNBL, is the pre-eminent men's basketball league in Malaysia, organised by the Malaysia Basketball Association (MABA).	Malaysia National Basketball League	basketball
sport	The 2000 Cincinnati Masters was a men's tennis tournament and the 99th edition of the event previously known as the Great American Insurance ATP Championships.	2000 Cincinnati Masters	tennis
sport	Tawana McDonald was a basketball player who was selected in the first round of the 2002 WNBA Draft.	Tawana McDonald	basketball
sport	Lucas Bloodoff (born May 5, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently an unrestricted free agent who last played for the Elmira Jackals of the ECHL.	Lucas Bloodoff	ice hockey
sport	Mathieu Dourthe (born 22 July 1977 in Dax, France) is a French rugby union player whose usual position is at a fullback.	Mathieu Dourthe	rugby union
sport	At the age of 14, already being a successful athlete and swimmer, Britta Heidemann had her first contact with fencing in a variation of modern pentathlon called Friesenkampf.	Britta Heidemann	fencing
sport	Steve Krulevitz (born May 30, 1951, in Baltimore, Maryland) is a retired American-Israeli right-handed tennis player.	Steve Krulevitz	tennis
sport	The 2009 European Junior Baseball Championship was an international baseball competition held at Baseballstadion Bonn-Rheinaue in Bonn, Germany from August 3 to August 9, 2009.	2009 European Junior Baseball Championship	baseball
sport	The Chicago White Sox are an American professional baseball team based in the South Side of Chicago, Illinois.	Chicago White Sox	baseball
sport	Ballarat Red Devils is an Australian semi-professional association football club based in Ballarat, Victoria.	Ballarat Red Devils	association football
sport	The 1996 Bournemouth International (also known as the 1996 Samsung Open for sponsorship reasons) was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the West Hants Tennis Club in Bournemouth in England and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour.	1996 Bournemouth International	tennis
sport	Derek Landmesser (born January 27, 1975) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who is currently the head coach of the Southern Professional Hockey League's (SPHL) Mississippi RiverKings.	Derek Landmesser	ice hockey
sport	The 2009 European football betting scandal was an attempt to influence the outcome of professional association football matches in Europe, and to defraud the gambling industry by betting on the results.	2009 European football betting scandal	association football
sport	Virgilio Fenoglio (Santa Fe, February 20, 1902 -- Buenos Aires, March 15, 1990) was an Argentine chess master, winner of 37 tournaments.	Virgilio Fenoglio	chess
sport	Philip Trent Jewett (born March 3, 1964 in Dallas, Texas) is an American baseball coach and former minor league baseball player.	Trent Jewett	baseball
sport	Wilfredo León Venero (born 31 July 1993) is a Cuban volleyball player with Polish citizenship (since July 14, 2015), a member of Cuba men's national volleyball team in 2007--2012 and Russian club Zenit Kazan, silver medalist of the World Championship 2010, NORCECA Champion (2009, 2011).	Wilfredo León	volleyball
sport	The Hong Kong Sevens were ahead of their time, and an influential force in the modernisation of rugby union, for example, the Hong Kong Sevens were one of the first rugby union tournaments to attract major sponsorship, when the airline Cathay Pacific sponsored the 1976 tournament.	Hong Kong Sevens	rugby union
sport	Stéphanie Cano (born 1974) is a French handball player who has played for the French national team.	Stéphanie Cano	handball
sport	Farid Aslani (Persian: فرید اصلانی‎‎) is a professional Iranian basketball player.	Farid Aslani	basketball
spouse	Hiten Tejwani is married to his co-star Gauri Pradhan Tejwani from Kutumb and Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi On 29 April 2004.	Hiten Tejwani	Gauri Pradhan Tejwani
spouse	His wife, Sofía Álvarez Vignoli de Demicheli, was noted for her diplomatic activity during the Presidency of Gabriel Terra, in whose administration Alberto Demicheli also served.	Alberto Demicheli	Sofía Álvarez Vignoli
spouse	Bernard II, Duke of Saxony married to Eilika of Schweinfurt, daughter of Henry of Schweinfurt.	Bernard II, Duke of Saxony	Eilika of Schweinfurt
spouse	After his restoration, Qifu Gangui again created his wife Princess Bian as princess and Qifu Chipan as crown prince, and he temporarily set his capital at Dujianshan (度堅山, in modern Baiyin, Gansu).	Qifu Gangui	Princess Bian
spouse	Caterina Sforza (1463 -- 28 May 1509), was an Italian noblewoman and Countess of Forlì and Lady of Imola firstly with her husband Girolamo Riario, and after his death as a regent of her son Ottaviano.	Caterina Sforza	Girolamo Riario
spouse	Henriette de Verninac (1780--1827) was the daughter of Charles-François Delacroix, minister of Foreign Affairs under the Directory, and wife of the diplomat Raymond de Verninac Saint-Maur.	Henriette de Verninac	Raymond de Verninac Saint-Maur
spouse	Agata Kornhauser-Duda (born 2 April 1972), is the wife of the President of Poland, Andrzej Duda and thus the designated First Lady of Poland.	Agata Kornhauser-Duda	Andrzej Duda
spouse	Viveca Paulin (born April 24, 1969) is a Swedish actress and auctioneer, born in Askim, Gothenburg Municipality, Sweden, who married American comedic actor Will Ferrell in August 2000.	Viveca Paulin	Will Ferrell
spouse	Kadambari Devi was the wife of Jyotirindranath Tagore and daughter-in-law of Debendranath Tagore.	Kadambari Devi	Jyotirindranath Tagore
spouse	In 1925 Victor Gsovsky left Soviet Russian with his wife Tatjana Gsovsky, whom he had met in Krasnador.	Victor Gsovsky	Tatjana Gsovsky
spouse	Inge Müller (born Inge Meyer) (March 13, 1925 -- June 1, 1966) was an East German author and second wife of East German playwright Heiner Müller.	Inge Müller	Heiner Müller
spouse	Inge Feltrinelli, née Schönthal (born November 24, 1930 in Essen) is a German-born Italian photographer and director with her son Carlo (b. 1962) of the Italian publishing house Giangiacomo Feltrinelli Editore.	Inge Feltrinelli	Giangiacomo Feltrinelli
spouse	Marta Linares de Martinelli (born Marta Linares on September 2, 1956) became the First Lady of Panama on July 1, 2009, when her husband, supermarket magnate, Ricardo Martinelli became President of Panama.	Marta Linares de Martinelli	Ricardo Martinelli
spouse	Princess Lilian of Belgium (née Mary Lilian Baels, 28 November 1916 -- 7 June 2002) best known as Lilian, Princess of Réthy, was the second wife of King Leopold III of the Belgians.	Lilian, Princess of Réthy	Leopold III
spouse	Sophie Amalie of Brunswick-Lüneburg (24 March 1628 -- 20 February 1685) was queen of Denmark and Norway as the consort of the King Frederick III of Denmark.	Sophie Amalie of Brunswick-Lüneburg	Frederick III of Denmark
spouse	Maxi López was married to Argentine model Wanda Nara from 2008 to 2013.	Maxi López	Wanda Nara
spouse	Christina Abrahamsdotter (Swedish: Kristina Abrahamsdotter) (Finnish: Kristiina Abrahamintytär) (1432--1492) was a Finnish noble, royal mistress and later third spouse and Queen consort of King Charles VIII of Sweden.	Christina Abrahamsdotter	Charles VIII of Sweden
spouse	B'alaj Chan K'awiil had two wives - Lady of Itzan and Lady Bulu'.	B'alaj Chan K'awiil	Lady of Itzan	Lady Bulu
spouse	After the death of his first wife, Julius Constantius married a Greek woman Basilina, the daughter of the governor of Egypt Julius Julianus.	Julius Constantius	Basilina
spouse	As the wife of Booker T she is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) as Queen Sharmell until her release in 2007.	Sharmell	Booker T
spouse	Ljiljana Zelen Karadžić (Serbian: Љиљана Зелен Караџић) (born 27 November 1945, Sarajevo, Socialist Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia) is the wife of former Bosnian Serb leader and defendant in the ICTY war crimes trial Radovan Karadžić.	Ljiljana Zelen Karadžić	Radovan Karadžić
spouse	During a career that spanned almost three decades, Zeba appeared in numerous commercially successful as well as critically appreciated films, many of which featured her alongside actor and husband Mohammad Ali.	Zeba	Mohammad Ali
spouse	Tee Tee Luce was a Burmese philanthropist and wife of Gordon Luce, a Burma scholar.	Tee Tee Luce	Gordon Luce
spouse	Æthelflæd, known as Æthelflæd of Damerham to distinguish her from other women of the same name, was the second wife of King Edmund I of England.	Æthelflæd of Damerham	Edmund I of England
spouse	Nadira Banu Begum (died 1659) was a Mughal princess and consort to Crown prince Dara Shikoh, the heir-apparent to the fifth Mughal emperor Shah Jahan.	Nadira Banu Begum	Dara Shikoh
spouse	Countess Freya von Moltke (29 March 1911 -- 1 January 2010) was a participant in the anti-Nazi resistance group, the Kreisau Circle, with her husband, Helmuth James Graf von Moltke.	Freya von Moltke	Helmuth James Graf von Moltke
spouse	María Lucía Hiriart Rodríguez (born December 10, 1922), also known as Lucía Hiriart de Pinochet, is the widow of former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet.	Lucía Hiriart	Augusto Pinochet
spouse	Her Royal Highness Princess Muna al-Hussein of Jordan 7 February 1999 - present:	Princess Muna al-Hussein	Hussein of Jordan
spouse	' The Song, Mujhe Kya Bechega Rupaiya, sung by Sona Mohapatra is composed by Ram Sampath & was aired on the third episode of Satyamev Jayate based on celebrating women's freedom.	Sona Mohapatra	Ram Sampath
spouse	Aurore Clément has been married since 1986 to Dean Tavoularis, an American motion picture production designer.	Aurore Clément	Dean Tavoularis
spouse	Beatrice of Rethel (c. 1130/32 -- 30 March 1185) was a French noblewoman and the third Queen consort of the King Roger II of Sicily.	Beatrice of Rethel	Roger II of Sicily
spouse	Lalla Bahia bint Antar (died 3 September 2008 in Rabat) was a third wife of Mohammed V of Morocco, who reigned from 1927 until 1961.	Lalla Bahia	Mohammed V of Morocco
spouse	Thierry Roussel (born February 16, 1953 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine) was the fourth husband of Christina Onassis, and the only man with whom she had a child.	Thierry Roussel	Christina Onassis
spouse	Robert Vadra is an Indian businessman and the husband of politician Priyanka Vadra.	Robert Vadra	Priyanka Vadra
spouse	Eydie Gormé (also spelled Gorme; August 16, 1928 -- August 10, 2013) was an American singer who performed solo as well as with her husband, Steve Lawrence, in popular ballads and swing.	Eydie Gormé	Steve Lawrence
spouse	Karin Kock was known as Karin Kock-Lindberg after her marriage to lawyer Hugo Lindberg in 1936.	Karin Kock-Lindberg	Hugo Lindberg
spouse	Mabel Pryde (February 12, 1871 in Edinburgh -- July 1918, in England) was an artist, best known for being the wife of artist William Nicholson and mother of artists Ben Nicholson and Nancy Nicholson and the architect Christopher 'Kit' Nicholson.	Mabel Pryde	William Nicholson
spouse	Louise Whitfield Carnegie (March 7, 1857 -- June 24, 1946) was the wife of philanthropist Andrew Carnegie.	Louise Whitfield Carnegie	Andrew Carnegie
spouse	Alexandra Prinzessin von Hannover (née Alexandra Sophie Cecilie Anna Maria Friederike Benigna Dorothea Prinzessin zu Ysenburg und Büdingen; 23 October 1937 -- 1 June 2015) was a German politician, philanthropist, and wife of Prince Welf Henry of Hanover.	Alexandra Prinzessin von Hannover	Prince Welf Henry of Hanover
spouse	Delfina Ortega Díaz (October 20, 1845 -- April 8, 1880) was the first lady of Mexico, as Porfirio Díaz's niece and first wife.	Delfina Ortega Díaz	Porfirio Díaz
spouse	On 22 December 1836, Duchess Amalia of Oldenburg married King Otto of Greece in Oldenburg.	Amalia of Oldenburg	Otto of Greece
spouse	Otellie Loloma (December 30, 1921 -- January 30, 1993) was an American artist, specializing in Hopi traditional pottery and dance, and working with her husband Charles Loloma on jewelry design.	Otellie Loloma	Charles Loloma
spouse	Princess Augusta Reuss of Köstritz (Auguste Reuss; 26 May 1822 -- 3 March 1862) was the consort and first wife of Frederick Francis II, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.	Princess Augusta Reuss of Köstritz	Frederick Francis II, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin
spouse	Christina Piper, née Törne (1673 in Stockholm -- 1752 in Krageholm Castle, Scania), was a Swedish countess, landowner and entrepreneur, married to the statesman and military count Carl Piper.	Christina Piper	Carl Piper
spouse	Lin Jiamei (Chinese: 林佳楣; pinyin: Lín Jiāméi; born 1924) is a wife of former Chinese president Li Xiannian.	Lin Jiamei	Li Xiannian
spouse	In both the Poetic Edda and the Prose Edda, Sif is the wife of the thunder god Thor and is known for her golden hair.	Sif	Thor
taxon rank	Viscum cruciatum, commonly called the red-berry mistletoe, is a species of mistletoe in the family Santalaceae.	Viscum cruciatum	species
taxon rank	Huangshanlong is a genus of mamenchisaurid dinosaurs native to the Anhui province of China.	Huangshanlong	genus
taxon rank	Quercus engelmannii, the Engelmann oak or Pasadena oak, is a species of oak in the white oak section Quercus sect.	Quercus engelmannii	species
taxon rank	Boophone haemanthoides is a plant species native to Namibia and the Cape Provinces of South Africa.	Boophone haemanthoides	species
taxon rank	Ilex purpurea is a species of holly, a flowering plant in the family Aquifoliaceae.	Ilex purpurea	species
taxon rank	Asarum crispulatum is a species of plant in the Aristolochiaceae family.	Asarum crispulatum	species
taxon rank	Flatbergium sericeum is the only species of genus Flatbergium and family Flatbergiaceae.	Flatbergium	species
taxon rank	Apyratuca apiculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Apyratuca.	Apyratuca apiculata	species
taxon rank	Quadrisporites is an extinct genus of algae.	Quadrisporites	genus
taxon rank	Desmatosuchus (/dɛzmætoʊsuːkəs/, from Greek δεσμός desmos 'link' + σοῦχος soûkhos 'crocodile') is an extinct genus of archosaur belonging to the Order Aetosauria.	Desmatosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Lyssa zampa, which is also known as the tropical swallowtail moth or the Laos brown butterfly, is a species of moth of the family Uraniidae.	Lyssa zampa	species
taxon rank	Antirrhea is a Neotropical genus of butterflies from the family Nymphalidae.	Antirrhea	genus
taxon rank	Linospadicinae is a subtribe of palm trees, which includes the genera Howea and Linospadix.	Linospadicinae	subtribe
taxon rank	Camassia howellii, commonly known as Howell's Camas, is a species of perennials endemic to western Oregon.	Camassia howellii	species
taxon rank	Helix obruta is a species of large, edible, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.	Helix obruta	species
taxon rank	Hapalodectidae (literally ``soft biters'' hapalos = ``soft, tender,'' dêktês = ``biter'') is an extinct family of relatively small-bodied (1-- to 8-kg) mesonychian placental mammals from the Paleocene and Eocene of North America and Asia.	Hapalodectidae	family
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Marisolaris ansata.	Marisolaris	species
taxon rank	It was described by Houlbert in 1918, and contains the single species Ircila hecacte.	Ircila	species
taxon rank	Heteroteuthis weberi is a species of bobtail squid native to the Indo-Pacific waters off central Indonesia.	Heteroteuthis weberi	species
taxon rank	Phrynomantis (commonly known as the rubber frog) is a genus of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Phrynomantis	genus
taxon rank	Myotis taiwanensis is a species of mouse-eared bat.	Myotis taiwanensis	species
taxon rank	The tortrix moth genus Pammene belongs to the tribe Grapholitini of subfamily Olethreutinae.	Pammene	genus
taxon rank	Cladosporium elegans is a fungus species in the genus Cladosporium (Anamorphic Davidiella).	Cladosporium elegans	species
taxon rank	Metasequoia foxii is an extinct redwood species in the family Cupressaceae described from numerous fossils of varying growth stage.	Metasequoia foxii	species
taxon rank	Murmidius estriatus is a species of beetle from the Cerylonidae family.	Murmidius estriatus	species
taxon rank	Ribes niveum is a North American species of currant known by the common names snowy gooseberry, white-flowered gooseberry, or snow currant.	Ribes niveum	species
taxon rank	Pachliopta mariae is a species of butterfly from the family Papilionidae that is found in the Philippines.	Pachliopta mariae	species
taxon rank	Plectranthias whiteheadi, Whitehead's basslet, is a species of fish in the Serranidae family occurring in the Western Pacific.	Plectranthias whiteheadi	species
taxon rank	Cupressocrinites is an extinct genus of crinoid from the Middle to Late Devonian of Asia, Australia, Europe, Morocco, and North America.	Cupressocrinites	genus
taxon rank	Heliomeris obscura is a rare Mexican species of flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Heliomeris obscura	species
taxon rank	Carex buxbaumii is a species of sedge known by the common name club sedge or Buxbaum's sedge.	Carex buxbaumii	species
taxon rank	Rhamphichthys is a genus of sand knifefishes found in South America.	Rhamphichthys	genus
taxon rank	Fatsia japonica (fatsi, paperplant or Japanese aralia; syn. Aralia japonica Thunb., A. sieboldii Hort. ex K.Koch) is a species of flowering plant in the family Araliaceae, native to southern Japan and South Korea.	Fatsia japonica	species
taxon rank	Acacia pravissima (Ovens wattle or wedge-leaved wattle), is a species of evergreen shrub in the Fabaceae family native to Victoria, the South West Slopes and Southern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia.	Acacia pravissima	species
taxon rank	Conus zonatus, common name the zoned cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus zonatus	species
taxon rank	Restrepia sanguinea, the Blood Red Restrepia, is a species of orchid endemic to Venezuela.	Restrepia sanguinea	species
taxon rank	Oxychilus lineolatus is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.	Oxychilus lineolatus	species
taxon rank	Aceria malherbae is a species of gall mite known as the bindweed gall mite.	Aceria malherbae	species
taxon rank	Cheiracanthium oncognathum is a spider species found in Europe and Russia.	Cheiracanthium oncognathum	species
taxon rank	Brachydeiroidea is a superfamily of small to moderately large-sized arthrodire placoderms from the Late Devonian of Europe and Eastern North America.	Brachydeiroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Carex raynoldsii is a species of sedge known by the common name Raynolds' sedge.	Carex raynoldsii	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Socotrella dolichocnema.	Socotrella	species
taxon rank	Probatodes plumula is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Probatodes.	Probatodes plumula	species
taxon rank	Adapidae is a family of extinct primates that primarily radiated during the Eocene epoch between about 55 and 34 million years ago.	Adapidae	family
taxon rank	Imaclava ima, common name Ima's turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.	Imaclava ima	species
taxon rank	Pitar morrhuanus, or the false quahog, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae.	Pitar morrhuanus	species
taxon rank	Phacelia curvipes is a species of flowering plant in the borage family, Boraginaceae, known by the common names Washoe phacelia and Washoe scorpionweed.	Phacelia curvipes	species
taxon rank	Pyrola asarifolia, commonly known as liverleaf wintergreen, bog wintergreen or pink wintergreen, is a plant species of the genus Pyrola native to western North America.	Pyrola asarifolia	species
taxon rank	The Pectinoidea are a superfamily of marine bivalve mollusks, including the scallops and thorny oysters (despite the common name, the latter are not true oysters).	Pectinoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Conus flavescens, common name the flame cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus flavescens	species
taxon rank	Daucus pusillus is a species of wild carrot known by the common names American wild carrot and rattle-snake-weed.	Daucus pusillus	species
taxon rank	Neoniphon sammara is a species of fish in the squirrelfishes found in the Indo Pacific Ocean	Neoniphon sammara	species
taxon rank	The Lithosiini are a tribe of lichen moths in the Erebidae family.	Lithosiini	tribe
taxon rank	Antennablennius ceylonensis is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Indian ocean, around Sri Lanka.	Antennablennius ceylonensis	species
taxon rank	Melocalamus is a genus of Asian bamboos in the grass family.	Melocalamus	genus
taxon rank	Atriplex canescens, chamiso, chamiza, four wing saltbush, four-wing saltbush, and fourwing saltbush, is a species of evergreen shrub in the Amaranthaceae family, which is native to the western and mid-western United States.	Atriplex canescens	species
taxon rank	Belostemma yunnanense is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family first described in 1941.	Belostemma yunnanense	species
taxon rank	Liatris spicata var. resinosa is found in the southern part of the species natural range, the variable plants have only 5 or 6 flowers per head and the heads are more widely spaced on the stems, these differences are more pronounced when the plants are found in drier and coastal habitats.	Liatris spicata	species
taxon rank	Paracmaeoderoides callyntromorion is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Paracmaeoderoides.	Paracmaeoderoides	species
taxon rank	Rhabdoblennius snowi, Snow's rockskipper or the Snow blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific ocean.	Rhabdoblennius snowi	species
taxon rank	Conus klemae, common name the Clem's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus klemae	species
taxon rank	Hemigymnus is a genus of wrasses native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.	Hemigymnus	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Pseudotapesia pilatii.	Pseudotapesia	species
taxon rank	Macrogryphosaurus (meaning ``big enigmatic lizard'') is a genus of basal iguanodont dinosaur from the Turonian-early Coniacian age Upper Cretaceous Portezuelo Formation (Neuquén Group) of Patagonia, Argentina.	Macrogryphosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Nososticta coelestina is an Australian species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae, commonly known as the green-blue threadtail.	Nososticta coelestina	species
taxon rank	Schiedea kealiae is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Waianae Range schiedea.	Schiedea kealiae	species
taxon rank	Anisopodus brevis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Gahan in 1892.	Anisopodus brevis	species
taxon rank	Megaphrynium is a genus of plants native to tropical Africa.	Megaphrynium	genus
taxon rank	Heuchera micrantha is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name crevice alumroot.	Heuchera micrantha	species
taxon rank	The Panorpodidae are a small family of scorpionflies.	Panorpodidae	family
taxon rank	Viola hirta is a species of the plant genus Viola.	Viola hirta	species
taxon rank	The Fabaceae, Leguminosae or Papilionaceae, commonly known as the legume, pea, or bean family, is a large and economically important family of flowering plants.	Fabaceae	family
taxon rank	Cavernularia obesa is a species of marine cnidaria in the family Veretillidae.	Cavernularia obesa	species
taxon rank	Dianthus deltoides (maiden pink) is a species of Dianthus native to most of Europe and western Asia.	Dianthus deltoides	species
taxon rank	Ouranopithecus macedoniensis is a prehistoric species of orangutan from the Late Miocene of Greece.	Ouranopithecus macedoniensis	species
taxon rank	Athoracophorus suteri is a leaf-veined slug, a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Athoracophoridae.	Athoracophorus suteri	species
taxon rank	Rhinella proboscidea is a species of small South American toads in the family Bufonidae, common in the Amazon rainforest.	Rhinella proboscidea	species
taxon rank	Stichodactyla haddoni (Haddon's sea anemone), is a species of sea anemone belonging to the Stichodactylidae family native from the Indo-Pacific area.	Stichodactyla haddoni	species
taxon rank	The tribe Ormosieae is one of the subdivisions of the plant family Fabaceae, primarily found in tropical regions of the Americas, but also in southeast Asia and northern Australia.	Ormosieae	tribe
taxon rank	Chrysopsis delaneyi, DeLaney's Goldenaster, is one of the endemic species to Florida, recently discovered in the genus Chrysopsis, small group of herbaceous plants of the Aster family - Astereae, known commonly as the Goldenasters and primarily native and restricted to Florida.	Chrysopsis delaneyi	species
taxon rank	Torquigener albomaculosus, or the White-spotted pufferfish, is the twentieth discovered species of the genus Torquigener.	Torquigener albomaculosus	species
taxon rank	Biotocus turbinatus was a species of land snail, a gastropod in the family Odontostomidae.	Biotocus turbinatus	species
taxon rank	Where the Boselaphini and Bovini are mostly Asian, members of the Strepsicerotini tribe, the spiral-horned antelopes, are found only on the continent of Africa.	Strepsicerotini	tribe
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Cynema alutacea, found in Papua New Guinea.	Cynema	species
taxon rank	Rubus bushii, Bush's blackberry, is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus bushii	species
taxon rank	Synalpheus microneptunus is a species of small snapping shrimp native to the waters off the island of Barbados.	Synalpheus microneptunus	species
taxon rank	Piaya is a small genus of relatively large and long-tailed cuckoos, which occur in Mexico, Central America and South America.	Piaya	genus
taxon rank	The genus is monotypic, and contains the single species Dictyocephalos attenuatus, described by the American botanist Lucien Marcus Underwood in 1901 (as D. curvatus).	Dictyocephalos	species
taxon rank	Chaenactis santolinoides is a California species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Santolina pincushion.	Chaenactis santolinoides	species
taxon rank	At present it contains the single species Protomycena electra, known from a single specimen collected in an amber mine in the Cordillera Septentrional area of the Dominican Republic.	Protomycena	species
taxon rank	Chebsaurus is a genus of quadrupedal, herbivorous, cetiosaurid sauropod dinosaur, specifically a eusauropod.	Chebsaurus	genus
taxon rank	The cochoas (from cocho, Nepali for Cochoa purpurea) are medium-sized frugivorous, insectivorous and molluscivorous birds in the genus Cochoa.	Cochoa	genus
taxon rank	Megaraptor (``giant thief'') is a genus of large tyrannosauroid dinosaur that lived in the Turonian to Coniacian ages of the Late Cretaceous.	Megaraptor	genus
taxon rank	Lobelia (/loʊˈbiːliə, lə-/) is a genus of flowering plants comprising 415 species, with a subcosmopolitan distribution primarily in tropical to warm temperate regions of the world, a few species extending into cooler temperate regions.	Lobelia	genus
taxon rank	Jacquiniella (tufted orchid) is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Jacquiniella	genus
taxon rank	Actrix dissimulatrix is a species of snout moth in the genus Actrix.	Actrix dissimulatrix	species
taxon rank	Heliolydella aurata is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Heliolydella of the family Tachinidae.	Heliolydella aurata	species
taxon rank	Sempervivum altum is a species of flowering plant in the family Crassulaceae, native to the Caucasus Mountains.	Sempervivum altum	species
taxon rank	Lithopoma phoebium, common name the longspine star shell, is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Lithopoma phoebium	species
taxon rank	Stratiotes is a genus of submerged aquatic plant commonly known as water soldiers, described as a genus by Linnaeus in 1753.	Stratiotes	genus
taxon rank	Ophiodes is a genus of lizards from South America.	Ophiodes	genus
taxon rank	Berosus peregrinus is a species of hydrophilid beetle from Canada, the United States and Cuba.	Berosus peregrinus	species
taxon rank	Polonosuchus is a genus of rauisuchian known from the late Triassic (Carnian age) of Poland.	Polonosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Gogo brevibarbis is a species of catfish in the Anchariidae family.	Gogo brevibarbis	species
taxon rank	Rhopalodon is a genus of synapsid from the Permian of Russia.	Rhopalodon	genus
taxon rank	Gentianella rupicola is a species of plant in the family Gentianaceae.	Gentianella rupicola	species
taxon rank	Brodiaea appendiculata, the appendage brodiaea or appendage cluster-lily,) is an uncommon species of plant in the genus Brodiaea.	Brodiaea appendiculata	species
taxon rank	Persoonia arborea, commonly known as the tree geebung, is a small tree species that is endemic to Victoria, Australia.	Persoonia arborea	species
taxon rank	Microlophus atacamensis, the Atacamen Pacific iguana, is a species of lava lizard endemic to the Chile.	Microlophus atacamensis	species
taxon rank	Ogasawarana obtusa is an extinct species of snail from Chichi-jima, Ogasawara, Japan.	Ogasawarana obtusa	species
taxon rank	Pleurozia is the only genus of liverworts in the family Pleuroziaceae, which is classified within the order Jungermanniales.	Pleurozia	genus
taxon rank	Heterallactis phlogozona is a species of moth of the Arctiidae family.	Heterallactis phlogozona	species
taxon rank	Evoplosoma is a genus of deep-sea sea star in the family Goniasteridae.	Evoplosoma	genus
taxon rank	Milicia regia is a species of tropical tree in the family Moraceae.	Milicia regia	species
taxon rank	Xylomimus baculus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Xylomimus.	Xylomimus baculus	species
taxon rank	Boletopsis atrata is a species of hydnoid fungus in the family Bankeraceae.	Boletopsis atrata	species
taxon rank	The Martinique curly-tailed lizard (Leiocephalus herminieri ) is an extinct species of lizard from the family of curly-tailed lizards (Leiocephalidae).	Martinique curly-tailed lizard	species
taxon rank	Nyassachromis is a genus of haplochromine cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi.	Nyassachromis	genus
taxon rank	Camissonia parvula is a species of evening primrose known by the common name Lewis River suncup.	Camissonia parvula	species
taxon rank	Craspedia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family commonly known as billy buttons and woollyheads.	Craspedia	genus
taxon rank	Drakaea micrantha, commonly known as the dwarf hammer orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south--west of Western Australia.	Drakaea micrantha	species
taxon rank	Faxonella is a genus of North American crayfish, comprising the following species:	Faxonella	genus
taxon rank	Agalinis auriculata is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common names earleaf false foxglove, auriculate false foxglove, and earleaf gerardia.	Agalinis auriculata	species
taxon rank	The Moustached thryssa (Thryssa mystax), also known as Gangetic anchovy, is a species of oceanodromousray-finned fish in the family Engraulidae.	Thryssa mystax	species
taxon rank	The Gulf killifish is currently being used to test the effects of oil and oil dispersants on the physiology of marine species affected by these substances.	Gulf killifish	species
taxon rank	Allium blandum is a species of onion native to northern India, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Tajikistan, Nepal and the Xinjiang region of western China.	Allium blandum	species
taxon rank	Dendrobium subbilobatum is a species of orchid found in New Guinea.	Dendrobium subbilobatum	species
taxon rank	Pytilia is a genus of birds in the family Estrildidae, containing five species:	Pytilia	genus
taxon rank	Caenoplana coerulea, known as the Blue Planarian or Blue Garden Flatworm is a species of land flatworm, a terrestrial turbellarian.	Caenoplana coerulea	species
taxon rank	Trixis californica , the American threefold or American trixis, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae.	Trixis californica	species
taxon rank	Petrochromis is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika in east Africa.	Petrochromis	genus
taxon rank	Homaloptera ocellata is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Homaloptera found in Sumatra and Java in Indonesia.	Homaloptera ocellata	species
taxon rank	Epiodynerus is a monotypic genus of potter wasps.	Epiodynerus	genus
taxon rank	Coelogyne nitida is a species of orchid in the Coelogyne genus.	Coelogyne nitida	species
taxon rank	Istiblennius dussumieri, the streaky rockskipper, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific and Indian Oceans.	Istiblennius dussumieri	species
taxon rank	Collema coniophilum is a species of fungi within the Collemataceae family, first found in inland rainforests of British Columbia.	Collema coniophilum	species
taxon rank	Wingertshellicus is an extinct genus of arthropod, of average size (approximately 7.5 centimetres or 3.0 inches long), that has been found in Hunsrück Slate, that is located in the Rhenish Massif in Germany, and lived about 405 million years ago, during the Lower Emsian (part of the Lower Devonian).	Wingertshellicus	genus
taxon rank	Anthomyia is a genus of fly in the family Anthomyiidae.	Anthomyia	genus
taxon rank	Jungia schuerae is a plant species native to west-central Perú.	Jungia schuerae	species
taxon rank	Mesonoemacheilus is a genus of stone loach endemic to India.	Mesonoemacheilus	genus
taxon rank	Aptostichus miwok is a species of trapdoor spider named after the Coast Miwok Indian tribe known to have inhabited the coastal areas of California from the Golden Gate northward prior to European settlement.	Aptostichus miwok	species
taxon rank	Squamanita schreieri is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family, and the type species of the genus Squamanita.	Squamanita schreieri	species
taxon rank	Acacia longifolia is a species of Acacia native to southeastern Australia, from the extreme southeast of Queensland, eastern New South Wales, eastern and southern Victoria, and southeastern South Australia.	Acacia longifolia	species
taxon rank	The Brass's friarbird (Philemon brassi) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.	Brass's friarbird	species
taxon rank	It contains the species Acolastodes oenotripta.	Acolastodes	species
taxon rank	Phragmipedium lindleyanum is a species of orchid ranging from northern South America to Brazil (Pernambuco).	Phragmipedium lindleyanum	species
taxon rank	Typhonium flagelliforme is a species of flowering plant in the family Araceae.	Typhonium flagelliforme	species
taxon rank	Diamitosa moseri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Diamitosa.	Diamitosa moseri	species
taxon rank	Aloe melanacantha (locally known as the ``Goree'') is a rare species of succulent plant in the genus Aloe, from the arid Namaqualand areas of the western part of South Africa.	Aloe melanacantha	species
taxon rank	Luanchuanraptor (meaning ``Luanchuan thief'') is a genus of dromaeosaurid theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of China.	Luanchuanraptor	genus
taxon rank	Draba ramulosa is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Mt.	Draba ramulosa	species
taxon rank	Micromelo undatus, common name the miniature melo, is an uncommon species of small sea snail or bubble snail, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplustridae.	Micromelo undatus	species
taxon rank	Milnesium antarcticum is a species of Eutardigrade in the family Milnesiidae.	Milnesium antarcticum	species
taxon rank	Acantholycosa khakassica is a species of wolf spider only known from south-western Khakassia, Russia.	Acantholycosa khakassica	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Coppinsia minutissima.	Coppinsia	species
taxon rank	Belone is a genus of needlefish common in brackish and marine waters.	Belone	genus
taxon rank	Actinotachina tenuis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Actinotachina of the family Tachinidae.	Actinotachina tenuis	species
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos viscida, with the common names whiteleaf manzanita and sticky manzanita, is a species of manzanita.	Arctostaphylos viscida	species
taxon rank	Mesembriornis is a genus of intermediate-sized phorusrhacids that grew up to 1.5 metres in height.	Mesembriornis	genus
taxon rank	Zabrus puncticeps is a species of ground beetle in the Polysitus subgenus that is endemic to Algeria.	Zabrus puncticeps	species
taxon rank	Nurhachius is a genus of istiodactylid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Barremian-Aptian-age Lower Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation of Chaoyang, Liaoning, China.	Nurhachius	genus
taxon rank	Batrachylidae is a family of frogs from southern South America (Argentina and Chile).	Batrachylidae	family
taxon rank	Pristomyrmex rasnitsyni is an extinct species of ant in the genus Pristomyrmex.	Pristomyrmex rasnitsyni	species
taxon rank	Fontannesia is an ammonoid cephalopod genus with a small to medium size, evolute, discoidal shell that was extant during the Jurassic Period.	Fontannesia	genus
taxon rank	Pagurus armatus, the armed hermit crab or black-eyed hermit crab, is a species of hermit crab found in the eastern Pacific Ocean of the United States and British Columbia, Canada.	Pagurus armatus	species
taxon rank	Vaginulus sloanii is a species of air-breathing sea slug, a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae.	Vaginulus sloanii	species
taxon rank	Smith's vole (Myodes smithii) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Smith's vole	species
taxon rank	Monoptilon bellidiforme is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names daisy desertstar and small desert star.	Monoptilon bellidiforme	species
taxon rank	Nyctimantis rugiceps (common name: brown-eyed treefrog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Nyctimantis rugiceps	species
taxon rank	Iraota is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The genus was erected by Frederic Moore in 1881.	Iraota	genus
taxon rank	Leptodictyum riparium, commonly known as Kneiff's feathermoss, streamside leptodictyum moss, or knapwort, is a species of moss commonly found growing in the lakes and rivers of Minnesota and also Mexico, Guatemala, the Bahamas archipelago, Cuba, Jamaica, Haiti, Dominican Republic, Venezuela, Peru and Brazil.	Leptodictyum riparium	species
taxon rank	Oxymeris felina, common name : the Tiger Auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Oxymeris felina	species
taxon rank	The class Pterobranchia was established by Ray Lankester in 1877.	Pterobranchia	class
taxon rank	Ribes laxiflorum is a species of currant known by the common names trailing black currant, and spreading currant.	Ribes laxiflorum	species
taxon rank	Corythoichthys amplexus, known commonly as the Brown-banded Pipefish, is a species of marine fish in the family Syngnathidae.	Corythoichthys amplexus	species
taxon rank	Phoenicobius is a genus of medium-sized, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bradybaenidae.	Phoenicobius	genus
taxon rank	Handkea excipuliformis, commonly known as the pestle puffball or long-stemmed puffball, is a species of the Agaricaceae family.	Handkea excipuliformis	species
taxon rank	Festuca pilgeri is a species of grass which is endemic to East Africa.	Festuca pilgeri	species
taxon rank	Oenopota convexigyra is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangelidae.	Oenopota convexigyra	species
taxon rank	Calochortus simulans is a California species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name San Luis Obispo mariposa lily, not to be confused with the San Luis mariposa lily C. obispoensis.	Calochortus simulans	species
taxon rank	The Norfolk ground dove (Alopecoenas norfolkensis) was a species of bird in the Columbidae, or pigeon family.	Norfolk ground dove	species
taxon rank	Cryosophila is a genus of medium-sized fan palms which range from central Mexico to northern Colombia.	Cryosophila	genus
taxon rank	Naquetia triqueter, common name : the three-angled murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Naquetia triqueter	species
taxon rank	Prionella villosa is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Prionella of the family Tephritidae.	Prionella villosa	species
taxon rank	Diodora jukesii, common name Jukes' keyhole limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Diodora jukesii	species
taxon rank	The Molidae comprise the family of the molas or ocean sunfishes, unusual fish whose bodies come to an end just behind the dorsal and anal fins, giving them a ``half-fish'' appearance.	Molidae	family
taxon rank	Atelestidae is a family of true flies in the superfamily Empidoidea.	Atelestidae	family
taxon rank	Rhynchodipteridae is a family of prehistoric lungfishes which lived during the Devonian period.	Rhynchodipteridae	family
taxon rank	Ctenolita argyrobapta is a moth species in the family of Limacodidae found in Cameroon and in Ghana.	Ctenolita argyrobapta	species
taxon rank	Pexicopia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae, it contains 22 species, such as the Hollyhock Seed Moth (Pexicopia malvella), which is found in Europe.	Pexicopia	genus
taxon rank	Dactylorhiza elata (robust marsh orchid) is a species of flowering plant in the family Orchidaceae, native to the western Mediterranean region (France (including Corsica), Sardinia, Spain, Portugal, Algeria, Morocco and Tunisia).	Dactylorhiza elata	species
taxon rank	Allium munzii is a rare species of wild onion known by the common name Munz's onion.	Allium munzii	species
taxon rank	Paludomidae, common name paludomids, is a family of freshwater snails, gastropod molluscs in the clade Sorbeoconcha.	Paludomidae	family
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Maculatifrondes aequatoriensis.	Maculatifrondes	species
taxon rank	Phacelia ciliata is a species of phacelia known by the common name Great Valley phacelia.	Phacelia ciliata	species
taxon rank	In taxonomy, Chaetonema is a genus of green algae, in the family Chaetophoraceae.	Chaetonema	genus
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos ohloneana is a rare species of manzanita known by the common name Ohlone manzanita in the Santa Cruz Mountains in California.	Arctostaphylos ohloneana	species
taxon rank	Ciboria rufofusca is a species of ascomycete fungus in the family Sclerotiniaceae.	Ciboria rufofusca	species
taxon rank	The Nicobar cat snake, Boiga wallachi, is a species of rear-fanged colubrid found in the Nicobar Islands and known from the islands of Great Nicobar and Little Nicobar.	Boiga wallachi	species
taxon rank	Ilex conocarpa is a species of Ilex genus in the Aquifoliaceae family.	Ilex conocarpa	species
taxon rank	Unlike other Fumaria species which are known as weeds of crops and agricultural areas, Fumaria capreolata can become naturalised in areas of natural vegetation and smother low-growing plants, becoming an environmental weed.	Fumaria capreolata	species
taxon rank	Chthonerpeton onorei is a species of amphibian in the Typhlonectidae family, endemic to Ecuador.	Chthonerpeton onorei	species
taxon rank	Granulhepomidion granulipenne is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Granulhepomidion.	Granulhepomidion granulipenne	species
taxon rank	Lessingia ramulosa (Sonoma lessingia) is a plant species endemic to California.	Lessingia ramulosa	species
taxon rank	Poliomintha incana is a species of flowering plant in the mint family which is known as frosted mint.	Poliomintha incana	species
taxon rank	Xiphophorus is a genus of euryhaline and freshwater fishes in the family Poeciliidae of order Cyprinodontiformes.	Xiphophorus	genus
taxon rank	Longitarsus audisioi is a species of beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae that can be found in the village of Trabzon in Turkey.	Longitarsus audisioi	species
taxon rank	Glandirana minima (known as Fujian frog or little gland frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Glandirana minima	species
taxon rank	Clavelina picta, common name the painted tunicate, is a species of tunicate (sea squirt), in the genus Clavelina (the ``little bottles'').	Clavelina picta	species
taxon rank	Calliphora stygia, commonly known as the brown blowfly, or rango tumaro in Māori, is a species of blow-fly that is found in Australia and New Zealand.	Calliphora stygia	species
taxon rank	Terebra argosyia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Terebra argosyia	species
taxon rank	Merismopedia (from the Greek merismos (division) and the Greek pedion (plain)) is a genus of cyanobacteria found in fresh and salt water.	Merismopedia	genus
taxon rank	Trimeris is a monotypic genus of the plant family Campanulaceae containing the single species Trimeris scaevolifolia.	Trimeris	species
taxon rank	Agnesia is a genus of herbaceous South American bamboo in the grass family.	Agnesia	genus
taxon rank	The Asterinidae are a large family of sea stars in the order Valvatida.	Asterinidae	family
taxon rank	The Roccellaceae are a family of fungi in the order Arthoniomycetes.	Roccellaceae	family
taxon rank	Chamaegigas is a genus which contains only one species, Chamaegigas intrepidus, an aquatic plant that is native to central-west Namibia, growing in semi-arid and savanna regions.	Chamaegigas	species
taxon rank	Nils Hjalmar Odhner, discoverer of the species, suggested that Parateuthis tunicata, discovered by Johannes Thiele in 1920, might be a young Antarctic neosquid.	Antarctic neosquid	species
taxon rank	The tesias are a genus, Tesia, of Old World warbler.	Tesia	genus
taxon rank	Nycticorax is a genus of night herons.	Nycticorax	genus
taxon rank	Psyllotoxoides albomaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Psyllotoxoides.	Psyllotoxoides albomaculata	species
taxon rank	Otoba acuminata is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family found in Costa Rica, Ecuador, and Panama.	Otoba acuminata	species
taxon rank	Dinopium is a genus of birds in the Picidae family.	Dinopium	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Nesophylacella xanthoschema, which is found in New Guinea.	Nesophylacella	species
taxon rank	Angraecum atlanticum is a species of comet orchid that can be found in Equatorial Guinea and Gabon.	Angraecum atlanticum	species
taxon rank	Eucommia rolandii is an extinct species of flowering plant in the family Eucommiaceae.	Eucommia rolandii	species
taxon rank	Neolamprologus crassus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it can be found in the southwestern part of the lake, in the waters of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Neolamprologus crassus	species
taxon rank	Mimulus montioides is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name montia-like monkeyflower.	Mimulus montioides	species
taxon rank	Corythoichthys amplexus, known commonly as the Many-spotted pipefish or Yellow-spotted Pipefish , is a species of marine fish in the family Syngnathidae.	Corythoichthys amplexus	species
taxon rank	Carex lutea is a rare species of sedge known by the common names golden sedge and sulphur sedge.	Carex lutea	species
taxon rank	The Percidae are a family of perciform fish found in fresh and brackish waters of the Northern Hemisphere.	Percidae	family
taxon rank	Xenocona pulchra is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Xenocona.	Xenocona	species
taxon rank	Protosialis casca is an extinct species of alderfly in the Sialidae subfamily Sialinae.	Protosialis casca	species
taxon rank	Hadrobregmus pertinax is a species of woodboring beetle within the genus Hadrobregmus of the family Anobiidae.	Hadrobregmus pertinax	species
taxon rank	Diaspididae is the largest family of scale insects with over 2650 described species in around 400 genera.	Diaspididae	family
taxon rank	Glyptapanteles is a genus of endoparasitoid wasp found in Central and North America.	Glyptapanteles	genus
taxon rank	Echinocereus viridiflorus is a species of cactus known by the common names nylon hedgehog cactus, green pitaya, and small-flowered hedgehog cactus.	Echinocereus viridiflorus	species
taxon rank	Steatocranus is a small genus of rheophilic cichlids mostly native to the Congo River Basin in DR Congo/Congo Brazzaville, although one species, S. irvinei, is restricted to the Volta River in Ghana and will likely be removed from this genus at a future date.	Steatocranus	genus
taxon rank	The Lumbriculidae are a family of microdrile oligochaetes common in freshwater environments, including streams, lakes, marshes, wells and groundwater.	Lumbriculidae	family
taxon rank	Munditia tryphenensis is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Liotiidae.	Munditia tryphenensis	species
taxon rank	Alosa algeriensis, the North African shad, is a Mediterranean species of clupeid fish in the shad genus Alosa.	Alosa algeriensis	species
taxon rank	Megalaria is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Megalariaceae.	Megalaria	genus
taxon rank	Chiloglanis is a genus of upside-down catfishes native to Africa.	Chiloglanis	genus
taxon rank	Capoeta angorae is a species of freshwater cyprinid fish, which is known from a single specimen caught from Turkey.	Capoeta angorae	species
taxon rank	Cyathea crinita is a species of tree fern endemic to Western Ghats of India and island of Sri Lanka, where it grows in wetland forests.	Cyathea crinita	species
taxon rank	Pseudoxenodon macrops, commonly known as the large-eyed bamboo snake or the Chinese false cobra, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake endemic to Asia.	Pseudoxenodon macrops	species
taxon rank	Myrmarachne exasperans is a species of jumping spider found in southeast Asia.	Myrmarachne exasperans	species
taxon rank	Cryptantha circumscissa is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name cushion cryptantha.	Cryptantha circumscissa	species
taxon rank	Petrochromis orthognathus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where they prefer areas with rocky substrates on which they can graze on algae.	Petrochromis orthognathus	species
taxon rank	Luzula luzuloides, the white wood-rush or oakforest wood-rush is a species of flowering plant in the family Juncaceae (rush family).	Luzula luzuloides	species
taxon rank	Lepiota maculans is a rare species of agaric fungus in the family Agaricaceae.	Lepiota maculans	species
taxon rank	Cyanea remyi is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Remy's cyanea.	Cyanea remyi	species
taxon rank	Aetiocetidae is an extinct family of toothed baleen whales known from the Oligocene.	Aetiocetidae	family
taxon rank	Constantin and Bois first described Pachypodium baronii as a species of the genus Pachypodium in 1907.	Pachypodium baronii	species
taxon rank	Micranthes integrifolia is a species of saxifrage known by the common name wholeleaf saxifrage.	Micranthes integrifolia	species
taxon rank	Chromohalobacter is a genus of Proteobacteria.	Chromohalobacter	genus
taxon rank	Rhizotrogus creticus is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Crete.	Rhizotrogus creticus	species
taxon rank	Botta's gerbil, Dipodillus bottai and also known as Gerbillus bottai, is a species of gerbil endemic to Sudan and possibly northern Kenya.	Botta's gerbil	species
taxon rank	Carex cespitosa is a species of perennial sedge of the genus Carex which can be found growing in tufts (caespitose), as the Latin specific epithet cespitosa suggests.	Carex cespitosa	species
taxon rank	Hilsa kelee, called the kelee shad, fivespot herring and the razorbelly, is a species of shad native to the coasts and estuaries of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific, generally in tropical waters.	Hilsa kelee	species
taxon rank	Romaleon is a genus of marine crabs formerly considered in the genus Cancer.	Romaleon	genus
taxon rank	Homalopteroides is a genus of hillstream loaches native to Southeast Asia.	Homalopteroides	genus
taxon rank	Ceanothus hearstiorum is a species of flowering shrub known by the common names Hearst Ranch buckbrush and Hearst's ceanothus.	Ceanothus hearstiorum	species
taxon rank	Chlorophyllum is a genus of large agarics similar in appearance to the true parasol mushroom.	Chlorophyllum	genus
taxon rank	Anaspidoglanis akiri is a species of claroteid catfish endemic to Nigeria where it occurs in the Niger Delta and the New Calabar and Bonny Rivers.	Anaspidoglanis akiri	species
taxon rank	The Polyporales are an order of fungi in the division Basidiomycota, subclass Agaricomycetidae.	Polyporales	order
taxon rank	Epimenia is a genus of cavibelonian solenogasters, a kind of shell-less, worm-like mollusks.	Epimenia	genus
taxon rank	Bellubrunnus (meaning ``the beautiful one of Brunn'' in Latin) is an extinct genus of rhamphorhynchid pterosaur from the Late Jurassic (Kimmeridgian stage) of southern Germany.	Bellubrunnus	genus
taxon rank	The genus Cochleanthes is made up of 4 species of orchids native to Mexico, Central America, the West Indies and South America.	Cochleanthes	genus
taxon rank	Eriogonum pusillum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name yellowturbans.	Eriogonum pusillum	species
taxon rank	Barbicambarus is a genus of freshwater crayfish found in the southeastern United States.	Barbicambarus	genus
taxon rank	The skin moth (Monopis laevigella) is a species of tineoid moth.	Monopis laevigella	species
taxon rank	The fiery nudibranch, Okenia amoenula is a species of colourful sea slug, specifically a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Goniodorididae.	Okenia amoenula	species
taxon rank	Acrolepidae is an extinct family of fish.	Acrolepidae	family
taxon rank	Anthuroidea is a superfamily of isopod crustaceans, formerly treated as a suborder, Anthuridea.	Anthuroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Zodarion aculeatum is a spider species found in Bulgaria, Romania, Serbia and Macedonia.	Zodarion aculeatum	species
taxon rank	Lasmigona compressa is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve in the family Unionidae.	Lasmigona compressa	species
taxon rank	Bulinus jousseaumei is a species of tropical freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ramshorn snails and their allies.	Bulinus jousseaumei	species
taxon rank	Quintinia serrata, the tawheowheo, is a species of evergreen trees in the genus Quintinia endemic to New Zealand.	Quintinia serrata	species
taxon rank	It contains only one recognized species, Schiekia orinocensis, native to South America (Brazil, Bolivia, Colombia, Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname, French Guiana).	Schiekia	species
taxon rank	Tetroplon caudatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Tetroplon.	Tetroplon	species
taxon rank	Bactromantis tolteca is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bactromantis in the order Mantodea.	Bactromantis tolteca	species
taxon rank	Peziza phyllogena, commonly known as the common brown cup or the pig-ear cup, is a species of fungus in the family Pezizaceae.	Peziza phyllogena	species
taxon rank	Seguenzia triteia is a species of very small, deep water sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seguenziidae.	Seguenzia triteia	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia lactea is a species of spurge native to tropical Asia, mainly in India.	Euphorbia lactea	species
taxon rank	Spathiopteryx is an extinct genus of wasp currently comprises a single species Spathiopteryx alavarommopsis.	Spathiopteryx	genus
taxon rank	Gibbidessus chipi is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Gibbidessus.	Gibbidessus	genus
taxon rank	Cardamyla carinentalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Cardamyla.	Cardamyla carinentalis	species
taxon rank	Basilosauridae is a paraphyletic family of extinct cetaceans that lived during the late middle to the early late Eocene, known from all continents including Antarctica.	Basilosauridae	family
taxon rank	Orthocis alnoides is a species of tree-fungus beetle in Ciidae family which can be found throughout Near East and Croatia.	Orthocis alnoides	species
taxon rank	Melipotis jucunda, the Merry Melipotis Moth, is a species of moth in the Erebidae family.	Melipotis jucunda	species
taxon rank	Malacothamnus abbottii is a rare species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name Abbott's bushmallow.	Malacothamnus abbottii	species
taxon rank	Talenkauen (meaning ``small skull'' in Aonikenk, referring to the proportionally small skull) is a genus of basal iguanodont dinosaur from the Cenomanian-age Upper Cretaceous Pari Aike Formation of Lake Viedma, Santa Cruz, Argentina.	Talenkauen	genus
taxon rank	Allomyces javanicus is a species of fungus from Indonesia.	Allomyces javanicus	species
taxon rank	Cyathostelma is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1885.	Cyathostelma	genus
taxon rank	Artemisia californica, also known as California sagebrush, is a species of western North American shrubs in the sunflower family.	Artemisia californica	species
taxon rank	Melanorosaurus (meaning ``Black Mountain Lizard'', from the Greek melas/μέλας, ``black'', oros/ὄρος, ``mountain'' + sauros/σαῦρος, ``lizard''), is a genus of basal sauropodomorph dinosaur that lived during the Late Triassic period.	Melanorosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Terebralia palustris, common name the giant mangrove whelk, is a species of brackish-water snail, a gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae.	Terebralia palustris	species
taxon rank	Delphinium bicolor is a species of larkspur known as little larkspur and low larkspur.	Delphinium bicolor	species
taxon rank	Pausinystalia johimbe, (Rubiaceae), common name Yohimbe, is a plant species native to western and central Africa (Nigeria, Cabinda, Cameroon, Congo-Brazzaville, Gabon, Equatorial Guinea).	Pausinystalia johimbe	species
taxon rank	Cometaster pyrula, commonly known as the Faint owl moth or Ying-yang moth, is a species of moth of the Erebidae family.	Cometaster pyrula	species
taxon rank	Scaphosepalum pulvinare is a species of orchid found in Colombia and Ecuador.	Scaphosepalum pulvinare	species
taxon rank	Huayangosaurus is a genus of stegosaurian dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic of China.	Huayangosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Pinna rudis, the rough pen shell or spiny fan-mussel, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pinnidae.	Pinna rudis	species
taxon rank	The Nose Catasetum (Catasetum naso) is a species of orchid found from Colombia to Venezuela.	Catasetum naso	species
taxon rank	Escavadodontidae is an extinct family of pangolin-like insectivore mammals which were endemic to North America from the Paleocene 63.3--60.2 Ma existing for approximately 3.1 million years..	Escavadodontidae	family
taxon rank	Lysimachia iniki is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Primulaceae known by the common names Wailua River yellow loosestrife and Wailua River island-loosestrife.	Lysimachia iniki	species
taxon rank	Solemya velum, common name the Atlantic awning clam, is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Solemyidae, the awning clams.	Solemya velum	species
taxon rank	Petitclercia is a genus of mollusk from the strigoceratid subfamily Disticocratinae which are included in the ammonitid superfamily Haplocerataceae.	Petitclercia	genus
taxon rank	Cercocarpus ledifolius is a North American species of mountain mahogany known by the common name curl-leaf mountain mahogany.	Cercocarpus ledifolius	species
taxon rank	Pronesopupa frondicella is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pupillidae.	Pronesopupa frondicella	species
taxon rank	Decaspermum is a genus of the botanical family Myrtaceae, first described as a genus in 1776.	Decaspermum	genus
taxon rank	Monotropastrum humile is a species of myco-heterotrophic plant of the family Ericaceae, distributed throughout eastern Asia, from the Himalayas to the Islands of Japan.	Monotropastrum humile	species
taxon rank	Sutterella is a genus of Gram-negative, anaerobic, nonspore-forming bacteria of the family Sutterellaceae which belongs to the class Betaproteobacteria; they were isolated from human faeces.	Sutterella	genus
taxon rank	Derris robusta is a tree species in the genus Derris found in India.	Derris robusta	species
taxon rank	Cychropsis paramontana is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae.	Cychropsis paramontana	species
taxon rank	It is the only member of the genus Candolleodendron.	Candolleodendron	genus
taxon rank	Cheiracanthium elegans is a species of spider in the genus Cheiracanthium found in Europe and Central Asia.	Cheiracanthium elegans	species
taxon rank	Bostrychus expatria is a species of freshwater sleeper goby endemic to Lake Manguao on the island of Palawan in the Philippines.	Bostrychus expatria	species
taxon rank	Pupilla triplicata is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pupillidae.	Pupilla triplicata	species
taxon rank	Physaria didymocarpa is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name common twinpod.	Physaria didymocarpa	species
taxon rank	Astragalus anxius is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common names troubled milkvetch and Ash Valley milkvetch.	Astragalus anxius	species
taxon rank	Prunus malayana is a species of plant in the family Rosaceae.	Prunus malayana	species
taxon rank	Metamecynopsis duodecimguttata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Metamecynopsis.	Metamecynopsis duodecimguttata	species
taxon rank	Veronica copelandii is a rare species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Copeland's speedwell.	Veronica copelandii	species
taxon rank	Fukuia ooyagii is a species of freshwater snail which has an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiopsidae.	Fukuia ooyagii	species
taxon rank	Longipteryx is a genus of prehistoric bird which lived during the Early Cretaceous (Aptian stage, 120.3 million years ago).	Longipteryx	genus
taxon rank	Myrmecia nobilis is species of ant.	Myrmecia nobilis	species
taxon rank	Campylognathoides (``curved jaw'', Strand 1928) is a genus of pterosaur, discovered in the Württemberg Lias deposits (dated to the early Toarcian age) of Germany; this first specimen consisted however only of wing fragments.	Campylognathoides	genus
taxon rank	Rhaphidophora celatocaulis'' is a plant species of the family Araceae.	Rhaphidophora celatocaulis	species
taxon rank	Amoria maculata, common name Carol's volute, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Amoria maculata	species
taxon rank	Osedax is a genus of deep-sea siboglinid polychaetes, commonly called boneworms, zombie worms, or bone-eating worms.	Osedax	genus
taxon rank	Podocarpus elongatus (Breede River yellowwood) is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.	Podocarpus elongatus	species
taxon rank	Banksia lemanniana, commonly known as the yellow lantern banksia or Lemann's banksia, is a species of woody shrub of the family Proteaceae native to Western Australia.	Banksia lemanniana	species
taxon rank	Xanthoconium montaltoense is a species of bolete fungus in the genus Xanthoconium.	Xanthoconium montaltoense	species
taxon rank	The African green pigeon (Treron calvus) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae, and one of 5 green pigeon species in the Afrotropics.	African green pigeon	species
taxon rank	The single species, Elopteryx nopcsai, is known only from very incomplete material, and therefore is considered a nomen dubium (``dubious name'') by most paleontologists.	Elopteryx	species
taxon rank	Mastiglanis asopos is a species of three-barbeled catfish.	Mastiglanis asopos	species
taxon rank	Didemnum vexillum, the carpet sea squirt, is a species of colonial tunicate in the family Didemnidae.	Didemnum vexillum	species
taxon rank	Platygillellus brasiliensis, the Brazilian sand stargazer, is a species of sand stargazer native to the Atlantic coast of Brazil where it can be found at depths of from 1 to 6 metres (3.3 to 19.7 ft) in areas with gravel substrates in which it buries itself almost completely except the eyes and the dorsal finlet.	Platygillellus brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma anseeuwi is a species of medium-sized deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma anseeuwi	species
taxon rank	Phthanophaneron harveyi, the Gulf flashlightfish, is a species of flashlight fish endemic to the Gulf of Mexico where it is found at depths of from 32 to 36 metres (105 to 118 ft).	Phthanophaneron harveyi	species
taxon rank	Calycoseris is a small genus of two species of annual desert wildflowers in the daisy family, native to western North America in the southwestern United States and Northwestern Mexico.	Calycoseris	genus
taxon rank	Cerithiopsis lamyi is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae.	Cerithiopsis lamyi	species
taxon rank	Polemon leopoldi is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.	Polemon leopoldi	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma trotini is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma trotini	species
taxon rank	Synodontis macrops is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Uganda where it is found in the Aswa River basin.	Synodontis macrops	species
taxon rank	Springeratus polyporatus is a species of clinid native to the waters around the Indian Ocean islands of Réunion and Mauritius where it can be found from the surface to 15 metres (49 ft) in depth.	Springeratus polyporatus	species
taxon rank	Erigeron taipeiensis is a Chinese species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Erigeron taipeiensis	species
taxon rank	Carex helleri is a species of sedge known by the common name Heller's sedge.	Carex helleri	species
taxon rank	Bothrideridae is a family of beetles in the suborder Polyphaga.	Bothrideridae	family
taxon rank	Meristina is an extinct genus of brachiopod that lived from the Late Ordovician to the Middle Devonian of Asia, Europe, and North America.	Meristina	genus
taxon rank	Aspidoras is a genus of catfishes of the family Callichthyidae.	Aspidoras	genus
taxon rank	Micrurus diastema, commonly known as the variable coral snake, is a species of venomous elapid snake, native to southeastern Mexico and northern Central America.	Micrurus diastema	species
taxon rank	Rhodanassa io is a moth of the Depressariidae family and only species in the Rhodanassa genus.	Rhodanassa	genus
taxon rank	Eofelis is an extinct genus of small nimravid (false saber-toothed cats).	Eofelis	genus
taxon rank	Anahoplites is a genus of rather involute, compressed hoplitid ammonites with flat sides, narrow flat or grooved venters, and flexious ribs or striae arising from weak umbilicle tubercles that end in fine dense ventrolateral nodes.	Anahoplites	genus
taxon rank	Orconectes shoupi, the Nashville crayfish, is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae.	Orconectes shoupi	species
taxon rank	Ptychocharax rhyacophila is a species of characin endemic to Venezuela, where it is found in the upper Siapa River.	Ptychocharax rhyacophila	species
taxon rank	Acanthostyles is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae described as a genus in 1971.	Acanthostyles	genus
taxon rank	Takakkawia is a genus of sponge known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale that reached around 4 cm in height.	Takakkawia	genus
taxon rank	Rhododendron spinuliferum is a species of Rhododendron native to Yunnan, southwestern Sichuan, and Guizhou China.	Rhododendron spinuliferum	species
taxon rank	Raorchestes menglaensis (Zhishihe's bubble-nest frog or Mengla small treefrog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Raorchestes menglaensis	species
taxon rank	Crataegus × sinaica is a hawthorn that originated as a hybrid between two other hawthorn species, C. azarolus in series Orientales and C. monogyna in series Crataegus.	Crataegus × sinaica	species
taxon rank	Prototheora malawiensis is a species of moth of the Prototheoridae family.	Prototheora malawiensis	species
taxon rank	Mimulus glaucescens is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name shieldbract monkeyflower.	Mimulus glaucescens	species
taxon rank	Hoplocorypha congica is a species of praying mantis found in Angola and the Congo River region.	Hoplocorypha congica	species
taxon rank	Oncorhynchus kawamurae, the black kokanee, or kunimasu in Japanese, is a Japanese species of salmon which was thought to had gone extinct in 1940, but was discovered to still have a living population in 2010.	Oncorhynchus kawamurae	species
taxon rank	Astragalus holmgreniorum is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common names Holmgren milkvetch and paradox milkvetch.	Astragalus holmgreniorum	species
taxon rank	Conus irregularis, common name the irregular cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus irregularis	species
taxon rank	Sophronicomimus densepunctatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Sophronicomimus.	Sophronicomimus densepunctatus	species
taxon rank	Anguis, or the slow worm, is a small genus of lizards in the family Anguidae.	Anguis	genus
taxon rank	Clematis pauciflora is a species of clematis known by the common name ropevine.	Clematis pauciflora	species
taxon rank	Procambarus tenuis is a species of crayfish in the genus Procambarus in the family Cambaridae.	Procambarus tenuis	species
taxon rank	Spumellaria is a radiolarian protists order in the class Polycystinea.	Spumellaria	order
taxon rank	The Pycroft's petrel (Pterodroma pycrofti) is a species of seabird in the Procellariidae family.	Pycroft's petrel	species
taxon rank	Cantheschenia is a genus of filefishes native to the western Pacific Ocean.	Cantheschenia	genus
taxon rank	Erethistes maesotensis is a species of South Asian river catfish native to Myanmar and Thailand where it is known from Moei River near Mae Sot on the Thai-Burmese border.	Erethistes maesotensis	species
taxon rank	The Trionychidae are a taxonomic family of a number of turtle genera commonly known as softshells.	Trionychidae	family
taxon rank	Malacocoris chlorizans (commonly known as delicate apple capsid) is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae, subfamily Orthotylinae.	Malacocoris chlorizans	species
taxon rank	The Sabiá, scientific name Mimosa caesalpiniaefolia, is a species of tree with white flowers, a legume in the Fabaceae family.	Mimosa caesalpiniaefolia	species
taxon rank	Streptolabis hispoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Streptolabis.	Streptolabis	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Gerdana caritella, which is found in North America, where it has been recorded from south-eastern Canada and the eastern United States.	Gerdana	species
taxon rank	Phylogenetic relationships between Bovista nigrescens and species of Lycoperdaceae were established based on ITS and LSU sequence data from north European taxa.	Bovista nigrescens	species
taxon rank	Zodarion abantense is a spider species found in Turkey, Georgia and Russia.	Zodarion abantense	species
taxon rank	Maxillaria cucullata, the Cowl-carrying Maxillaria, is a species of orchid ranging from Mexico southward into Panama.	Maxillaria cucullata	species
taxon rank	Ameles moralesi is a species of praying mantis found in Morocco.	Ameles moralesi	species
taxon rank	Camptopsestis malayana is a moth in the Drepanidae family and only species in the Camptopsestis genus.	Camptopsestis malayana	species
taxon rank	Manduca blackburni, commonly known as Blackburn's Sphinx Moth, Hawaiian Tomato Hornworm, and Hawaiian Tobacco Hornworm, is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae.	Manduca blackburni	species
taxon rank	Macellocerus acuminatus is a species of darkling beetles in the subfamily Tenebrioninae.	Macellocerus acuminatus	species
taxon rank	Rhopilema is a genus of jellyfishes.	Rhopilema	genus
taxon rank	Aphalara itadori, the Japanese knotweed psyllid, is a species of psyllid from Japan which feeds on Japanese knotweed (Fallopia japonica).	Aphalara itadori	species
taxon rank	Salvadori's seedeater or Salvadori's serin (Crithagra xantholaemus) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.	Salvadori's seedeater	species
taxon rank	Microsporum is a genus of fungi that causes tinea capitis, tinea corpus, ringworm, and other dermatophytoses (fungal infections of the skin).	Microsporum	genus
taxon rank	Urodacus manicatus, commonly known as the black rock scorpion, is a species of scorpion belonging to the subfamily Urodacinae (family Scorpionidae).	Urodacus manicatus	species
taxon rank	Prunus glandulosa, called Chinese bush cherry, Chinese plum, and dwarf flowering almond, is a species of shrub tree native to China and long present in Japan.	Prunus glandulosa	species
taxon rank	Burmannia biflora, common name northern bluethread, is a plant species native to Cuba, the Bahamas and to the southeastern United States.	Burmannia biflora	species
taxon rank	Metopium brownei (also known as chechem or black poisonwood) is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family.	Metopium brownei	species
taxon rank	Stenaelurillus setosus is a species of jumping spider from Burma.	Stenaelurillus setosus	species
taxon rank	Vitimopsyche is an extinct genus of Mecopteran which existed in what is now northeastern China during the early Cretaceous period.	Vitimopsyche	genus
taxon rank	Sahyadria is a genus of cyprinid fishes native to India where they are endemic to rivers and streams in the Western Ghats.	Sahyadria	genus
taxon rank	Bridouxia leucoraphe is a species of tropical freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.	Bridouxia leucoraphe	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Colpocrita diptila, which is found in Brazil.	Colpocrita	species
taxon rank	Isoetes macrospora (big-spore quillwort) is a species of quillwort in the Isoetaceae family.	Isoetes macrospora	species
taxon rank	Erythrina fusca is a species of flowering tree in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Erythrina fusca	species
taxon rank	Pediocactus sileri is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Siler's pincushion cactus and gypsum cactus (or gypsum plains cactus).	Pediocactus sileri	species
taxon rank	Carabus exiguus exiguus is a black-coloured subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Sichuan, China.	Carabus exiguus exiguus	subspecies
taxon rank	Malacanthus is a small genus of tilefishes native to the western Atlantic Ocean and the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Malacanthus	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron pulchellus (Robin's plantain, blue spring daisy, hairy fleabane) is a North American species of plants in the daisy family.	Erigeron pulchellus	species
taxon rank	Ovaloparmena affinis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Ovaloparmena.	Ovaloparmena affinis	species
taxon rank	Clubiona pseudoneglecta is a sac spider species found from Europe to Central Asia.	Clubiona pseudoneglecta	species
taxon rank	Nodiscala is a taxonomic genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Epitoniidae, the wentletraps.	Nodiscala	genus
taxon rank	Phyllocladus alpinus, the mountain toatoa or mountain celery pine, is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.	Phyllocladus alpinus	species
taxon rank	Gentiana lutea (great yellow gentian) is a species of gentian native to the mountains of central and southern Europe.	Gentiana lutea	species
taxon rank	Irvingia malayana, also known as wild almond (Thai: กระบก), is a tropical evergreen tree species in the family Irvingiaceae.	Irvingia malayana	species
taxon rank	Caulanthus glaucus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name glaucous wild cabbage.	Caulanthus glaucus	species
taxon rank	Ecsenius paroculus is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius.	Ecsenius paroculus	species
taxon rank	Lactarius rupestris is a species of mushroom in the Russulaceae family.	Lactarius rupestris	species
taxon rank	Murex carbonnieri, also known as the Carbonnier's murex, is a species of large predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the rock snails or murex snails.	Murex carbonnieri	species
taxon rank	Ctenomorpha gargantua is a species of stick insect endemic to northern Australia.	Ctenomorpha gargantua	species
taxon rank	Rodolia koebelei is a species of ladybird beetle from Australia.	Rodolia koebelei	species
taxon rank	Sciota subcaesiella, the locust leafroller moth, is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae.	Sciota subcaesiella	species
taxon rank	Lessertia dentichelis is a spider species found in Europe, Canary Islands, Madeira, Canada and New Zealand.	Lessertia dentichelis	species
taxon rank	Amyema pendula, also known as drooping mistletoe or furry drooping mistletoe, is a species of flowering plant, an epiphytic hemiparasitic plant of the family Loranthaceae, found attached to several species of Australian eucalypt and occasionally on some species of Acacia.	Amyema pendula	species
taxon rank	Taractichthys is a genus of pomfrets.	Taractichthys	genus
taxon rank	The Bengal slow loris (Nycticebus bengalensis) or northern slow loris is a strepsirrhine primate and a species of slow loris native to the Indian subcontinent and Indochina.	Bengal slow loris	species
taxon rank	Pterobunocephalus is a genus of banjo catfishes found in tropical South America.	Pterobunocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Archaeoceratops, meaning ``ancient horned face'', is a genus of basal neoceratopsian dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous (Aptian stage) of north central China.	Archaeoceratops	genus
taxon rank	Nannosquilla decemspinosa is a species of long-bodied, short-legged Mantis Shrimp.	Nannosquilla decemspinosa	species
taxon rank	There is only one known species, Velella velella, in the genus.	Velella	species
taxon rank	Alyssum desertorum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name desert madwort.	Alyssum desertorum	species
taxon rank	Euryoryzomys legatus, also known as the Tarija oryzomys or big-headed rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Euryoryzomys of family Cricetidae.	Euryoryzomys legatus	species
taxon rank	Bulbophyllum aberrans, known as the Deviating Bulbophyllum, is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.	Bulbophyllum aberrans	species
taxon rank	Neppia is a genus of dugesiid triclad that is found in South America, Subantarctic region, Africa, Tasmania and New Zealand.	Neppia	genus
taxon rank	Tetralonia fumida, also known as Tetralonia (Thygatina) fumida, is a species of bees belonging to the family Apidae subfamily Apinae.	Tetralonia fumida	species
taxon rank	Schoenocrambe linifolia is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names flaxleaf plainsmustard, skeleton mustard, and Salmon River plains-mustard.	Schoenocrambe linifolia	species
taxon rank	Canis is a genus of canids containing seven to 10 extant species.	Canis	genus
taxon rank	Ariola ransonneti was placed as a synonym of Ariola coelisigna in Poole (1989), it is now treated as a valid species.	Ariola ransonneti	species
taxon rank	Amberboa is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, described as a genus in 1832.	Amberboa	genus
taxon rank	The St Kilda house mouse (Mus musculus muralis) is an extinct subspecies of the house mouse found only on the islands of the St Kilda archipelago of northwest Scotland.	St Kilda house mouse	subspecies
taxon rank	Quercus acerifolia (also called maple-leaved oak) is a rare North American species of trees in the beech family.	Quercus acerifolia	species
taxon rank	Chleuastochoerus is an extinct genus in the pig family that lived in the Miocene of Russia and Eastern Asia.	Chleuastochoerus	genus
taxon rank	Hieracium greenei (not to be confused with Hieracium greenii) is a species of hawkweed known by the common name Greene's hawkweed.	Hieracium greenei	species
taxon rank	Brandegea is a monotypic genus containing the single species Brandegea bigelovii, the desert starvine.	Brandegea	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus breweri is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Brewer's milkvetch.	Astragalus breweri	species
taxon rank	Allomyces arbusculus is a species of fungus from India.	Allomyces arbusculus	species
taxon rank	Bombus neoboreus is a species of bumblebee.	Bombus neoboreus	species
taxon rank	Mauritia is a genus of fan palms which is native to northern South America and to the Island of Trinidad in the Caribbean.	Mauritia	genus
taxon rank	Erythronium tuolumnense is a species of flowering plant in the family Liliaceae, known by the common name Tuolumne fawn lily or Tuolumne dog's tooth violet.	Erythronium tuolumnense	species
taxon rank	Quadrula refulgens, common name the purple pimpleback, is a species of freshwater mussel.	Quadrula refulgens	species
taxon rank	Arapaimidae is a family of freshwater osteoglossiform fishes known as the bonytongues.	Arapaimidae	family
taxon rank	Abrothrix illuteus, also known as the Gray Akodont or Gray Grass Mouse, is a species of rodent in the genus Abrothrix of family Cricetidae.	Abrothrix illuteus	species
taxon rank	Rubus wheeleri a North American species of brambles in the rose family.	Rubus wheeleri	species
taxon rank	Myrceugenia colchaguensis is a species of small evergreen tree in the genus Myrceugenia of the family Myrtaceae.	Myrceugenia colchaguensis	species
taxon rank	Cleghornia is a genus of plants in the dogbane family; its various species are distributed in Borneo, China, Laos, Malaysia, Sri Lanka, Thailand, and Vietnam.	Cleghornia	genus
taxon rank	There is only one known species, Dielitzia tysonii, endemic to Western Australia.	Dielitzia	species
taxon rank	Hoplostethus druzhinini is a species of slimehead native to the western Indian Ocean off the coast of Yemen.	Hoplostethus druzhinini	species
taxon rank	Urospermum picroides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name prickly goldenfleece.	Urospermum picroides	species
taxon rank	Pholidophorus is an extinct genus of teleost fish from the Triassic and Jurassic periods of Africa, Europe, and South America.	Pholidophorus	genus
taxon rank	Rubus deliciosus, the delicious raspberry, boulder raspberry, Rocky Mountain raspberry or snowy bramble, is North Americana species of flowering plant in the rose family, native to the United States, in the Rocky Mountains in Colorado, New Mexico, the Oklahoma Panhandle, and Wyoming.	Rubus deliciosus	species
taxon rank	Eupatorium rotundifolium, commonly called Roundleaf thoroughwort, is a North American species of plant in sunflower family.	Eupatorium rotundifolium	species
taxon rank	Lagerstroemia floribunda, also known as Thai crape myrtle and kedah bungor, is a species of flowering plant in the Lythraceae family.	Lagerstroemia floribunda	species
taxon rank	Thalattoarchon is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur from the Middle Triassic of the western United States.	Thalattoarchon	genus
taxon rank	Amphicoecia phasmatica is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae found in China's Yunnan province.	Amphicoecia phasmatica	species
taxon rank	Vetufebrus is an extinct genus of haemospororida that was described from Dominican amber dating to the mid Tertiary era.	Vetufebrus	genus
taxon rank	Eryngium ombrophilum is a plant species native to Brazil, the type specimen collected there from the State of Paraná.	Eryngium ombrophilum	species
taxon rank	Hypsotropa ochricostella is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypsotropa.	Hypsotropa ochricostella	species
taxon rank	Sinocyclocheilus anophthalmus (eyeless golden-line fish or blind golden-line barbel) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Sinocyclocheilus anophthalmus	species
taxon rank	Neoplagiaulax is a mammal genus from the Paleocene of Europe and North America.	Neoplagiaulax	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Neosyntaxis warringtonella, which is found in Papua New Guinea.	Neosyntaxis	species
taxon rank	Stegastes partitus or the bicolor damselfish is a species of bony fish in the family Pomacentridae found near the sea bed on shallow rocky and coral reefs in the Caribbean Sea, the Gulf of Mexico and off the coasts of Florida.	Stegastes partitus	species
taxon rank	Platyhydnobius arizonensis is a species of beetle from a subfamily of Platyninae that can be found in North America.	Platyhydnobius arizonensis	species
taxon rank	Hamadryas arethusa is a species of cracker butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.	Hamadryas arethusa	species
taxon rank	Eurycallinus mirabilis is a species of Longhorn beetle describe by Bates in 1885.	Eurycallinus mirabilis	species
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum emersonii, described in 1982, is a species of orchid named after American orchid enthusiast Emerson 'Doc' Charles.	Paphiopedilum emersonii	species
taxon rank	Magicicada tredecassini is a species of periodical cicada endemic to the United States.	Magicicada tredecassini	species
taxon rank	Clarkia breweri is a species of wildflower known by the common names fairy fans and Brewer's clarkia.	Clarkia breweri	species
taxon rank	Neopachygaster meromelas, the silver-strips black, is a European species of soldier fly.	Neopachygaster meromelas	species
taxon rank	Lima lima, or the spiny fileclam, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae.	Lima lima	species
taxon rank	Hymenolepis diminuta, also known as rat tapeworm, is a species of Hymenolepis tapeworm that causes hymenolepiasis.	Hymenolepis diminuta	species
taxon rank	Dacrydium comosum is a species of conifer in the family Podocarpaceae.	Dacrydium comosum	species
taxon rank	Cirsium quercetorum is a species of thistle endemic to coastal California, its common names include brownie thistle and Alameda thistle.	Cirsium quercetorum	species
taxon rank	Longitarsus suturellus is a species of beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae.	Longitarsus suturellus	species
taxon rank	The Bahia forest frog, Macrogenioglottus alipioi, is a species of frog in the Odontophrynidae family.	Macrogenioglottus alipioi	species
taxon rank	Aipysurus eydouxii, commonly known as the beaded sea snake, marbled seasnake, or spine-tailed seasnake, is a species of sea snake.	Aipysurus eydouxii	species
taxon rank	Gracula is a genus of mynas, tropical members of the starling family of birds.	Gracula	genus
taxon rank	Geranium maderense, known as giant herb-Robert or the Madeira cranesbill, is a species of flowering plant in the Geraniaceae family, native to the island of Madeira.	Geranium maderense	species
taxon rank	Cottoperca is a genus of thornfishes southern oceans.	Cottoperca	genus
taxon rank	Lyncina schilderorum, common names the sandy cowry or Schilder's cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Lyncina schilderorum	species
taxon rank	Plectranthus esculentus, with English common names kaffir potato, and Livingstone potato, is a species of plant in the dicot family Lamiaceae.	Plectranthus esculentus	species
taxon rank	Apatomerus (meaning ``deceptive femur''), is a genus of extinct reptile known from a single fossil (KUVP 1199) from the Albian-age (Lower Cretaceous) Kiowa Shale of Kansas, USA.	Apatomerus	genus
taxon rank	Eriogonum diatomaceum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Churchill Narrows buckwheat.	Eriogonum diatomaceum	species
taxon rank	Triplophysa gundriseri is a species of stone loach from Mongolia and Tuva (Russia).	Triplophysa gundriseri	species
taxon rank	Carychium exiguum, common name the obese thorn snail, is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Carychiinae.	Carychium exiguum	species
taxon rank	Paleoctenophora brasseli is a fossil of a marine species ctenophore, found in Devonian slate near the German town of Buntenbach in Hunsrück, Germany, as a member of the Hunsrück Slate Lagerstätte.	Paleoctenophora	species
taxon rank	Terminonaris is a genus of extinct pholidosaurid crocodyliforms that lived in the Late Cretaceous (Cenomanian and Turonian).	Terminonaris	genus
taxon rank	Quinca mirifica also known as the Sailfin cardinalfish is a species of cardinalfish family Apogonidae and the only member of its genus.	Quinca mirifica	species
taxon rank	Polysiphonia morrowii is a species of red algae native to Northeast Asia.	Polysiphonia morrowii	species
taxon rank	Scirpus microcarpus is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common names panicled bulrush, smallfruit bulrush, and barberpole bulrush.	Scirpus microcarpus	species
taxon rank	Rhodactis howesii is a species of marine cnidarian in the order Corallimorpharia, a sea anemone-like corallimorph found on reefs in tropical regions of the Pacific Ocean.	Rhodactis howesii	species
taxon rank	Luperosuchus is an extinct genus of crurotarsan, a group which includes crocodilians and their ancestors.	Luperosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Buddleja cestriflora is a rare species endemic to a small area near the eastern coast of Brazil, where it grows in the cloud forest along roadsides and in wet rocky clearings on the eastern border of Serra Geral of Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul.	Buddleja cestriflora	species
taxon rank	Pseudolithoxus anthrax is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Orinoco River basin.	Pseudolithoxus anthrax	species
taxon rank	Auxotricha ochrogypsa is a moth in the Elachistidae family, and the only species in the genus Auxotricha.	Auxotricha ochrogypsa	species
taxon rank	Gastrocopta moravica is a fossil species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.	Gastrocopta moravica	species
taxon rank	Metoptomatidae is an extinct family of fossil mollusks from the Paleozoic era.	Metoptomatidae	family
taxon rank	Amphitrite ornata or ornate worm, is a species of marine polychaete worm in the family Terebellidae.	Amphitrite ornata	species
taxon rank	Phyllostegia velutina is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name velvet phyllostegia.	Phyllostegia velutina	species
taxon rank	Vagococcus salmoninarum is a species of bacteria, with type strain NCFB 2777.	Vagococcus salmoninarum	species
taxon rank	Epithelantha bokei is a species of cactus known by the common names pingpong ball cactus and button-cactus.	Epithelantha bokei	species
taxon rank	Bothriechis supraciliaris, or the blotched palm-pit viper, is a species of venomous snake in the family Viperidae.	Bothriechis supraciliaris	species
taxon rank	Amoria undulata, common name Wavy Volute, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Amoria undulata	species
taxon rank	Trichomonadida is an order of anaerobic protists, included with the parabasalids.	Trichomonadida	order
taxon rank	Pseudallescheria boydii is a species of fungus classified in the Ascomycota.	Pseudallescheria boydii	species
taxon rank	Leukoma staminea, common name the Pacific littleneck clam, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae.	Leukoma staminea	species
taxon rank	The Scioto madtom (Noturus trautmani) was a species of fish in the Ictaluridae family.	Scioto madtom	species
taxon rank	Linanthus filiformis (formerly Gilia filiformis) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name yellow gilia.	Linanthus filiformis	species
taxon rank	Isotria (fiveleaf orchid) is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Isotria	genus
taxon rank	Leptochiloides is a small nearctic genus of potter wasps known from dry areas in South-Western North America.	Leptochiloides	genus
taxon rank	Angadenia berteroi, common name pineland golden trumpet, is a plant species in the Apocynaceae, first described in 1844.	Angadenia berteroi	species
taxon rank	Brachytarsomys villosa (hairy-tailed antsangy) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.	Brachytarsomys villosa	species
taxon rank	Eomamenchisaurus (meaning ``dawn Mamenchisaurus'') is a genus of mamenchisaurid sauropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic of Yuanmou, Yunnan, China.	Eomamenchisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Lipophrys pholis, commonly known as Shanny, is a species of combtooth blenny.	Lipophrys pholis	species
taxon rank	Alicia pretiosa is a sea anemone species in the genus Alicia which can be found in such seas as the Red Sea and South Pacific Ocean.	Alicia pretiosa	species
taxon rank	Eburia brevispinis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found in Guatemala, Mexico and Nicaragua.	Eburia brevispinis	species
taxon rank	Nebothriomyrmex is a genus of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae containing the single species Nebothriomyrmex majeri.	Nebothriomyrmex	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Orthopterygium huaucui, which is endemic to western Peru.	Orthopterygium	species
taxon rank	Callitriche terrestris is a species of plant in the Callitrichaceae family found in Canada and in the eastern United States.	Callitriche terrestris	species
taxon rank	Paramispila bispecularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paramispila.	Paramispila bispecularis	species
taxon rank	Hemianax ephippiger, the vagrant emperor, is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae.	Hemianax ephippiger	species
taxon rank	Parmelia saxatilis, commonly known as the salted shield lichen or crottle, is a species of foliose lichen in the family Parmeliaceae.	Parmelia saxatilis	species
taxon rank	Banksia elegans, commonly known as the elegant banksia, is a species of woody shrub in the genus Banksia of the family Proteaceae.	Banksia elegans	species
taxon rank	Gemella sanguinis is a species of bacteria within the genus Gemella.	Gemella sanguinis	species
taxon rank	Ariocarpus fissuratus (formerly known as Anhalonium fissuratus) is a species of cactus found in small numbers in northern Mexico and Texas in the United States.	Ariocarpus fissuratus	species
taxon rank	Heteroponera angulata is a species of ant in the genus Heteroponera, endemic to Brazil.	Heteroponera angulata	species
taxon rank	Dodonaea aptera, commonly known as coast hop-bush, is a species of coastal shrub endemic to Western Australia.	Dodonaea aptera	species
taxon rank	Trifolium hybridum, the alsike clover, is a plant species of the genus Trifolium in the pea family Fabaceae.	Trifolium hybridum	species
taxon rank	Haworthia springbokvlakensis is a species of the genus Haworthia in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, endemic to a very restricted area of the Eastern Cape Province in South Africa.	Haworthia springbokvlakensis	species
taxon rank	Aporhina bispinosa is a species of Brentidae family, Eurhynchinae subfamily.	Aporhina bispinosa	species
taxon rank	Raisapoana is a genus of moths of the Tortricidae family.	Raisapoana	genus
taxon rank	Parmacella gervaisii is an extinct species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Parmacellidae.	Parmacella gervaisii	species
taxon rank	Enthymius dubius is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Enthymius.	Enthymius dubius	species
taxon rank	Trombidium breei is a species of red mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.	Trombidium breei	species
taxon rank	Calostoma cinnabarinum is a species of gasteroid fungus in the family Sclerodermataceae, and is the type species of the genus Calostoma.	Calostoma cinnabarinum	species
taxon rank	Pliogonodon is an extinct genus of crocodylomorph.	Pliogonodon	genus
taxon rank	Pinus chiapensis is a pine tree species in the Pinaceae family, and is commonly known as Chiapas pine, in Spanish as pino blanco, pinabete, or ocote.	Pinus chiapensis	species
taxon rank	Nebria pharina is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Tibet.	Nebria pharina	species
taxon rank	Eryngium racemosum is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name delta eryngo, or delta button celery.	Eryngium racemosum	species
taxon rank	Pterotyphis eos paupereques is a subspecies of small predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Pterotyphis eos paupereques	subspecies
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus martinicensis is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family found in Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, Guadeloupe, Martinique, and Saint Lucia.	Eleutherodactylus martinicensis	species
taxon rank	Iberis sempervirens, the evergreen candytuft or perennial candytuft, is a species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae, native to southern Europe.	Iberis sempervirens	species
taxon rank	Lasiancistrus guacharote is a species of armored catfish native to the Lake Maracaibo basin of Colombia and Venezuela.	Lasiancistrus guacharote	species
taxon rank	Campanula griffinii is a species of bellflower known by the common name Griffin's bellflower.	Campanula griffinii	species
taxon rank	Psaeropterella macrocephala is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Psaeropterella of the family Tephritidae.	Psaeropterella macrocephala	species
taxon rank	Conus natalis, common name the Natal Textile Cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus natalis	species
taxon rank	Jaltomata werffii is a plant species endemic to the Galápagos Islands in Ecuador.	Jaltomata werffii	species
taxon rank	Pissarrachampsa (meaning ``piçarra (the local name for the sandstones it was recovered from) crocodile'') is an extinct genus of baurusuchid mesoeucrocodylian from the Late Cretaceous of Brazil.	Pissarrachampsa	genus
taxon rank	Scartichthys gigas, the giant blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Pacific ocean, from Panama to northern Chile.	Scartichthys gigas	species
taxon rank	Bacillus nealsonii is a species of bacteria first isolated from a spacecraft-assembly facility.	Bacillus nealsonii	species
taxon rank	Wild apple (lat.: Malus baccata) is an Asian species of apple known by the common names Siberian crab apple, Siberian crab, Manchurian crab apple and Chinese crab apple.	Malus baccata	species
taxon rank	Schoenus brevifolius, known as zig-zag bog-rush, is a species of sedge native to Australia, New Zealand, New Caledonia, and the Ogasawara (Bonin) Islands.	Schoenus brevifolius	species
taxon rank	Dermestes ater is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae, the skin beetles.	Dermestes ater	species
taxon rank	Fabiana imbricata (pichi) is a species of flowering plant in the family Solanaceae, native to dry upland slopes in Chile and Argentina.	Fabiana imbricata	species
taxon rank	Acanthops falcataria, common name South American dead leaf mantis, is a species of praying mantis in the subfamily Acanthopinae of the family Acanthopidae and is one of many mantis from various genera that resembles a dead leaf.	Acanthops falcataria	species
taxon rank	The Brown Tussock Moth Olene mendosa is a species of moth found in India, Taiwan, Borneo and Australia.	Olene mendosa	species
taxon rank	Desulfobacula phenolica is a bacterium species in the genus Desulfobacula.	Desulfobacula phenolica	species
taxon rank	Marasmarcha brevirostris is a species of moth in the genus Marasmarcha, known from Guatemala, Mexico, and Panama.	Marasmarcha brevirostris	species
taxon rank	Diloma aethiops, common name the scorched monodont, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae.	Diloma aethiops	species
taxon rank	Sarcopoterium is a genus of flowering plants in the rose family.	Sarcopoterium	genus
taxon rank	Dusicyon is an extinct genus of South American canids.	Dusicyon	genus
taxon rank	Nangura is a genus of skinks, a type of lizard.	Nangura	genus
taxon rank	Ice worms are annelids of the genus Mesenchytraeus.	Ice worm	genus
taxon rank	Citropsis articulata, known commonly as the African cherry orange, West African cherry orange, Uganda cherry orange, and locally as omuboro, is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family, Rutaceae.	Citropsis articulata	species
taxon rank	Vanilla tahitensis is a species of orchid in the genus Vanilla.	Vanilla tahitensis	species
taxon rank	Cerauromeros is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed in what is now Illinois, U.S.A. It was described by Pribyl and Vanek in 1985, and the type species is Cerauromeros hydei, which was originally described under the genus Ceraurus by Weller in 1907.	Cerauromeros	genus
taxon rank	Glyptophysa petiti is a species of small sinistral (left-handed) air-breathing freshwater snail, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae.	Glyptophysa petiti	species
taxon rank	Bidens amplissima (Vancouver Island beggarticks) is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Bidens amplissima	species
taxon rank	Venyukovioidea is an infraorder of anomodont therapsids from the Permian of Russia.	Venyukovioidea	infraorder
taxon rank	Neovenatoridae is a family of large carnivorous dinosaurs representing a branch of the allosauroids, a large group of carnosaurs that also includes the sinraptorids, carcharodontosaurids, and allosaurids.	Neovenatoridae	family
taxon rank	Bangana gedrosicus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Pakistan where it is only found in the Mashkel River drainage in Baluchistan.	Bangana gedrosicus	species
taxon rank	The species is named in honor of Ms. Jane Cox, mother of Jessie Hill of Philadelphia and Hawaii, in recognition of Jessie Hill's contribution to saving and inventorying the conserved ACG rain forest in which Dunama janecoxae breeds.	Dunama janecoxae	species
taxon rank	Bulinus octaploidus is a species of gastropod in the Planorbidae family.	Bulinus octaploidus	species
taxon rank	Tympanoctomys kirchnerorum is a species of rodent in the family Octodontidae described in 2014.	Tympanoctomys kirchnerorum	species
taxon rank	Pseudodontodynerus is a genus of potter wasps distributed throughout the Palearctic, Indomalayan and Afrotropical regions.	Pseudodontodynerus	genus
taxon rank	Antrocaryon amazonicum (syn. Poupartia amazonica Ducke) is a species of tree in the cashew family, Anacardiaceae.	Antrocaryon amazonicum	species
taxon rank	Enterolobium cyclocarpum, commonly known as guanacaste, caro caro, or elephant-ear tree, is a species of flowering tree in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is native to tropical regions of the Americas, from central Mexico south to northern Brazil (Roraima) and Venezuela.	Enterolobium cyclocarpum	species
taxon rank	Doryphora sassafras, commonly known as Sassafras, Yellow-, Canary- or Golden sassafras, or Golden Deal, is a species of evergreen tree of the family Atherospermataceae native to the subtropical and temperate rainforests of eastern New South Wales and Queensland, Australia.	Doryphora sassafras	species
taxon rank	Stereosandra is a genus of leafless orchids native to Southeast Asia (Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia, Philippines, Indonesia), the range extending north to Yunnan, Taiwan and the Ryukyu Islands, and also eastward to New Guinea, the Solomon Islands and Samoa.	Stereosandra	genus
taxon rank	Potamonautes johnstoni is a species of freshwater crab in the family Potamonautidae.	Potamonautes johnstoni	species
taxon rank	Gammarellidae is a family of amphipods containing three genera:	Gammarellidae	family
taxon rank	Carex pansa is a species of sedge known by the common name sand dune sedge.	Carex pansa	species
taxon rank	Padogobius bonelli is a species of goby native to rivers of Croatia, Italy, Slovenia, and Switzerland preferring areas with gravel substrates or dense vegetation along the edges.	Padogobius bonelli	species
taxon rank	Liorhyssus hyalinus is a species of scentless plant bugs belonging to the family Rhopalidae, subfamily Rhopalinae.	Liorhyssus hyalinus	species
taxon rank	Tympanocryptis is a genus of Australian lizards from the family Agamidae.	Tympanocryptis	genus
taxon rank	The Javan slow loris (Nycticebus javanicus) is a strepsirrhine primate and a species of slow loris native to the western and central portions of the island of Java, in Indonesia.	Javan slow loris	species
taxon rank	The Volucellini is a tribe of hoverflies.	Volucellini	tribe
taxon rank	Sarcodon fuscoindicus is a species of tooth fungus in the genus Sarcodon.	Sarcodon fuscoindicus	species
taxon rank	The Enterprise siltsnail, also known as the Enterprise spring snail, scientific name Floridobia monroensis, is a species of very small freshwater snails that have an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae, the mud snails.	Enterprise siltsnail	species
taxon rank	Cercidiphyllum japonicum, known as the Katsura (from its Japanese name カツラ, 桂), is a species of flowering tree in the family Cercidiphyllaceae native to China and Japan.	Cercidiphyllum japonicum	species
taxon rank	Bauhinia japonica (Chinese: 日本羊蹄甲; pinyin: ri ben yang ti jia) is a species of flowering plant in the Fabaceae family which can be found in Guangdong, Hainan and Japan.	Bauhinia japonica	species
taxon rank	Acarosporina microspora is a species of fungus in the Stictidaceae family.	Acarosporina microspora	species
taxon rank	The Micrarctiina are a subtribe of woolly bear moths in the Erebidae family.	Micrarctiina	subtribe
taxon rank	Pseudancistrus sidereus is a species of armored catfish known only from the upper Orinoco basin in Amazonas state, Venezuela.	Pseudancistrus sidereus	species
taxon rank	Acontista multicolor is a small species of South American mantis in the family Acanthopidae.	Acontista multicolor	species
taxon rank	Peniophora albobadia is a species of crust fungus in the family Peniophoraceae.	Peniophora albobadia	species
taxon rank	Dunkleosteidae is an extinct family of arthrodire placoderms.	Dunkleosteidae	family
taxon rank	Olios lepidus is a species of huntsman spider.	Olios lepidus	species
taxon rank	Trichromia persimilis is a species of moth from the Arctiidae family that is found in French Guyana, Brazil and Peru.	Trichromia persimilis	species
taxon rank	Pachyrhinosaurus (meaning ``thick-nosed lizard'') is an extinct genus of centrosaurine ceratopsid dinosaurs from the Late Cretaceous period of North America.	Pachyrhinosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Erlikosaurus is a genus of herbivorous theropod dinosaur from the late Cretaceous Period, belonging to the Therizinosauridae.	Erlikosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Zorzinichthys annae is an extinct genus of fish from the Ypresian epoch of Monte Bolca.	Zorzinichthys	genus
taxon rank	Navarretia setiloba is a rare species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names Paiute Mountain pincushionplant and Piute Mountains navarretia.	Navarretia setiloba	species
taxon rank	Aloe comosa (also called Clanwilliam Aloe) is a species of plant that is endemic to South Africa.	Aloe comosa	species
taxon rank	Hondurodendron is a monotypic genus of tree endemic to Honduras.	Hondurodendron	genus
taxon rank	Araeoscelis is an extinct genus of reptile, and one of the earliest diapsids.	Araeoscelis	genus
taxon rank	There is only one known species, Anastrabe integerrima , native to Kwazulu-Natal Province in South Africa.	Anastrabe	species
taxon rank	The type species is Elanodactylus prolatus.	Elanodactylus	species
taxon rank	Clanculus albanyensis, common name the yellow top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Clanculus albanyensis	species
taxon rank	Nannacara quadrispinae is a species of cichlid endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Orinoco delta.	Nannacara quadrispinae	species
taxon rank	Eschscholzia lemmonii is a species of poppy known by the common name Lemmon's poppy.	Eschscholzia lemmonii	species
taxon rank	Valvata tricarinata, common name the three-ridge valvata or threeridge valvata, is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae, the valve snails.	Valvata tricarinata	species
taxon rank	Pseudogilbia sanblasensis, the San Blas coral-brotula, is a species of viviparous brotula found in reefs along the Caribbean coast of Panama.	Pseudogilbia sanblasensis	species
taxon rank	Glenoleon falsus is a species of antlion that occurs in Australia.	Glenoleon falsus	species
taxon rank	Nigerpeton is a genus of temnospondyl amphibian which lived during the Permian period some 250 million years ago in Niger.	Nigerpeton	genus
taxon rank	Sarcoprion (Ancient Greek for ``flesh saw'') is an extinct genus of eugeneodontid holocephalid from the Permian of Greenland.	Sarcoprion	genus
taxon rank	Stokesosaurus (meaning ``Stokes' lizard'') is a genus of small (around three to four meters (10-13 ft) in length), carnivorous early tyrannosauroid theropod dinosaurs from the late Jurassic period of Utah.	Stokesosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Tylophora is a genus of climbing plant or vine, first described as a genus in 1810.	Tylophora	genus
taxon rank	Sardopaladilhia marianae is a species of very small aquatic snail, an operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Moitessieriidae.	Sardopaladilhia marianae	species
taxon rank	In taxonomy, the Thermoplasmatales are an order of the Thermoplasmata.	Thermoplasmatales	order
taxon rank	Aethes angulatana, the angular aethes, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	Aethes angulatana	species
taxon rank	Tectus dentatus, common name the toothed top shell, is a species of sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.	Tectus dentatus	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma soyoae, common name Soyo's top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma soyoae	species
taxon rank	Atopochilus savorgnani is a species of upside-down catfish native to Cameroon where it is found in the Ntem River, Equatorial Guinea where it occurs in Rio Muni and Gabon where it is found in the upper Ogowe River.	Atopochilus savorgnani	species
taxon rank	Melanthera venosa (formerly Lipochaeta venosa) is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name spreading nehe.	Melanthera venosa	species
taxon rank	Granulina parilis is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cystiscidae, previously placed in the family Marginellidae.	Granulina parilis	species
taxon rank	Cordylanthus orcuttianus is a rare species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name Orcutt's bird's beak.	Cordylanthus orcuttianus	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus amadeus, commonly known as Mozart's frog, is a species of frog in the family Eleutherodactylidae.	Eleutherodactylus amadeus	species
taxon rank	Aloe ser. Mitriformes (the Creeping Aloes) is a taxonomic series within the genus Aloe, comprising several closely related species of Southern African rambling aloe.	Aloe ser. Mitriformes	series
taxon rank	Vittadinia is a genus of Australian and New Zealand plants in the aster tribe within the daisy family.	Vittadinia	genus
taxon rank	Callisia fragrans, commonly known as the Basket plant, Chain plant or Inch plant, is a species of the Callisia genus, in the Commelinaceae family.	Callisia fragrans	species
taxon rank	Hanceola is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family, Lamiaceae, first described with this name in 1929.	Hanceola	genus
taxon rank	Acartauchenius asiaticus is a species of sheet weaver found in Turkmenistan.	Acartauchenius asiaticus	species
taxon rank	Austrolethops wardi, the Small-eyed goby, is a species of goby native to tropical reefs of the Indian Ocean through the western Pacific Ocean where it inhabits areas of coral rubble.	Austrolethops wardi	species
taxon rank	Tominanga aurea is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family.	Tominanga aurea	species
taxon rank	Schlumbergera is a small genus of cacti with six species found in the coastal mountains of south-eastern Brazil.	Schlumbergera	genus
taxon rank	The Jamaican wood rail, also called the Jamaican uniform rail was a subspecies of the uniform rail found on Jamaica.	Jamaican wood rail	subspecies
taxon rank	Oedura lesueurii, commonly known as Lesueur's gecko or the velvet gecko, is a species of gecko endemic to Australia.	Oedura lesueurii	species
taxon rank	Ictinogomphus ferox, commonly called the common tiger or the common tigertail, is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.	Ictinogomphus ferox	species
taxon rank	Boverisuchus is an extinct genus of planocraniid crocodylian known from the middle Eocene (Lutetian stage) of Germany and western North America.	Boverisuchus	genus
taxon rank	Scott's seaside sparrow is a subspecies of the seaside sparrow.	Scott's seaside sparrow	subspecies
taxon rank	Pinus hakkodensis is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Pinus hakkodensis	species
taxon rank	Wahlenbergia linifolia (also called Large Bellflower) is a species of plant in the Campanulaceae family.	Wahlenbergia linifolia	species
taxon rank	Alloispermum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1807.	Alloispermum	genus
taxon rank	Moduza is a genus of south-east Asian (Indomalayan ecozone) brush-footed butterflies commonly called the commanders.	Moduza	genus
taxon rank	Tremblay's salamander is a hybrid species of Jefferson salamanders (A. jeffersonianum) and blue-spotted salamanders (A. laterale).	Tremblay's salamander	species
taxon rank	Centromadia is a genus of North American plants in the tarweed tribe within the sunflower family.	Centromadia	genus
taxon rank	Acronychia is a genus of 44 species of plants, mainly shrubs, in the rue family Rutaceae.	Acronychia	genus
taxon rank	Sclerotinia is a genus of fungi in the family Sclerotiniaceae.	Sclerotinia	genus
taxon rank	Strumigenys emmae is a species of ant in the genus Strumigenys.	Strumigenys emmae	species
taxon rank	Hylarana parkeriana (Congolo frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Hylarana parkeriana	species
taxon rank	Phalangium opilio is ``the most widespread species of harvestman in the world'', occurring natively in Europe, and much of Asia, and having been introduced to North America, North Africa and New Zealand.	Phalangium opilio	species
taxon rank	The Sira tanager (Tangara phillipsi) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.	Sira tanager	species
taxon rank	Ambassis macleayi, commonly known as the Macleay's glassfish, is a species of fish in the family Ambassidae.	Ambassis macleayi	species
taxon rank	On May 29, 1948, Tabebuia chrysantha was declared National Tree of Venezuela since being an emblematic native species of extraordinary beauty.	Tabebuia chrysantha	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Taeniodictys sericella, which is found in Puerto Rico.	Taeniodictys	species
taxon rank	Gynandromyia longicornis is a Chinese species of tachinid flies in the genus Gynandromyia of the family Tachinidae.	Gynandromyia longicornis	species
taxon rank	Bertella idiomorpha is a species of deep-sea anglerfish found in the northern Pacific Ocean.	Bertella idiomorpha	species
taxon rank	Schizonepeta (Japanese catnip) is a genus of herbs.	Schizonepeta	genus
taxon rank	Nuda is a class of ctenophores or comb jellies.	Nuda	class
taxon rank	Medicago orbicularis is a plant species found throughout the Mediterranean basin and along the European Black Sea coast.	Medicago orbicularis	species
taxon rank	Cladophantis is a genus of moths of the Xyloryctidae family.	Cladophantis	genus
taxon rank	Cattleya walkeriana' (Walker's Cattley's) is a species of orchid.	Cattleya walkeriana	species
taxon rank	Amolops formosus (variously known as Assam sucker frog, beautiful stream frog, Assam cascade frog, or hill stream frog) is a species of frog found in high gradient streams of northern India, northern Bangladesh, and Nepal.	Amolops formosus	species
taxon rank	Roridomyces roridus, commonly known as the dripping bonnet or the slippery mycena, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.	Roridomyces roridus	species
taxon rank	Maranta leuconeura (prayer plant) is a species of flowering plant in the family Marantaceae, native to the Brazilian Rainforest.	Maranta leuconeura	species
taxon rank	Arocatus roeselii is a species of lygaeid bug about a centimetre long and is found in Europe.	Arocatus roeselii	species
taxon rank	Alticorpus is a small genus of cichlids endemic to the deep waters of Lake Malawi.	Alticorpus	genus
taxon rank	Orchestia gammarellus is a species of amphipod in the family Talitridae.	Orchestia gammarellus	species
taxon rank	The single species, Chalepophyllum guyanense, occurs in Guyana and southern Venezuela.	Chalepophyllum	species
taxon rank	Priapella is a genus of poeciliid fishes endemic to Mexico.	Priapella	genus
taxon rank	Tessarabrachion is a monotypic genus of species of krill, containing only the species Tessarabrachion oculatus.	Tessarabrachion	species
taxon rank	Iris spuria is a species of the genus Iris, part of a subgenus series known as Limniris and in the Series Spuriae.	Iris spuria	species
taxon rank	The Columbian white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus leucurus) is one of the three subspecies of white-tailed deer in North America.	Columbian white-tailed deer	subspecies
taxon rank	Sodopsis curvifascia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Sodopsis.	Sodopsis curvifascia	species
taxon rank	Teredo portoricensis, known commonly as the Puerto Rico shipworm, is a species of wood-boring clam or shipworm, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Teredinidae.	Teredo portoricensis	species
taxon rank	Graphosoma semipunctatum is a species of true bug living exclusively in the Mediterranean region.	Graphosoma semipunctatum	species
taxon rank	Oberea bimaculata is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea, discovered by Olivier in 1795.	Oberea bimaculata	species
taxon rank	The Anomioidea are a superfamily of marine bivalve molluscs that include two families, the Anomiidae and the Placunidae, the jingle shells and saddle shells.	Anomioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Allium jepsonii is a species of wild onion known by the common name Jepson's onion, honoring renowned California botanist Willis Linn Jepson.	Allium jepsonii	species
taxon rank	Harttia torrenticola is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the São Francisco River basin.	Harttia torrenticola	species
taxon rank	Neocollyris horsfieldi is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae.	Neocollyris horsfieldi	species
taxon rank	Calochortus catalinae is a species of mariposa lily known by the common name Santa Catalina mariposa lily.	Calochortus catalinae	species
taxon rank	Zakerana keralensis (common names: verrucose frog, Kerala wart(y) frog, or Dubois' hill frog) is a species of frog from India.	Zakerana keralensis	species
taxon rank	Acartia is a genus of marine calanoid copepods.	Acartia	genus
taxon rank	Phellodon confluens, commonly known as the fused cork hydnum, is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.	Phellodon confluens	species
taxon rank	Chicoreus is a genus of medium- to large-sized predatory sea snails.	Chicoreus	genus
taxon rank	Kraemeria is a genus of sand darters native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.	Kraemeria	genus
taxon rank	Sandelia is a genus of climbing gouramies native to freshwater habitats in South Africa.	Sandelia	genus
taxon rank	Macrobrachium formosense, the crane river prawn, is a species of freshwater shrimp in the family Palaemonidae.	Macrobrachium formosense	species
taxon rank	Dendrophidion is a genus of New World colubrid snakes commonly referred to as forest racers.	Dendrophidion	genus
taxon rank	Osteocephalus oophagus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, and possibly Suriname.	Osteocephalus oophagus	species
taxon rank	Lucayablennius zingaro, the Arrow blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs around the Bahamas and the Caribbean, in the western central Atlantic ocean.	Lucayablennius zingaro	species
taxon rank	Pleurosicya is a genus of gobies native to reef environments of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Pleurosicya	genus
taxon rank	Otites bivittata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Otites of the family Tephritidae.	Otites bivittata	species
taxon rank	Stephanomeria elata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Santa Barbara wirelettuce and Nuttall's wirelettuce.	Stephanomeria elata	species
taxon rank	Naja is a genus of venomous elapid snakes known as cobras.	Naja	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Brachiosia castaneola, which is found on the Sangihe Islands.	Brachiosia	species
taxon rank	Phidippus regius, known commonly as the regal jumping spider, is a species of jumping spider.	Phidippus regius	species
taxon rank	Reflectopallium pseudophyllum, commonly known as one of the leaf-veined slugs, is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Athoracophoridae.	Reflectopallium pseudophyllum	species
taxon rank	Carex qingliangensis is a species of sedge found on mountain slopes at an elevation of 500--1,300 metres (1,600--4,300 ft) in Zhejiang province in eastern China.	Carex qingliangensis	species
taxon rank	Crataegus phippsii is a species of hawthorn native to south-central British Columbia, Washington state, and Montana.	Crataegus phippsii	species
taxon rank	Tyrophagus putrescentiae is a cosmopolitan mite species.	Tyrophagus putrescentiae	species
taxon rank	Ctena orbiculata, or the dwarf tiger lucine, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae.	Ctena orbiculata	species
taxon rank	Cymbopogon, better known as lemongrass (UK: /ˈlɛmənˌɡrɑːs/; US: /ˈlɛmənˌɡræs/) is a genus of Asian, African, Australian, and tropical island plants in the grass family.	Cymbopogon	genus
taxon rank	Buccinum abyssorum, common name the shingled whelk, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Buccinum abyssorum	species
taxon rank	Cyanophora paradoxa is a freshwater species of Glaucophyte that is used as a model organism.	Cyanophora paradoxa	species
taxon rank	Cristatusaurus (meaning ``Crested reptile'') is an extinct genus of spinosaurid theropod dinosaur.	Cristatusaurus	genus
taxon rank	Truncatella guerinii is a species of very small land snail that lives at the edge of the sea, a gastropod mollusk in the family Truncatellidae.	Truncatella guerinii	species
taxon rank	Tridens melanops is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil where it is native to the Amazon Basin.	Tridens melanops	species
taxon rank	Rinoctes nasutus, the Abyssal smooth-head, is a species of slickhead that is found at depths of 2,000 metres (6,600 ft) to 4,156 metres (13,635 ft) in the Atlantic and Indian Oceans as well as possibly occurring in the Pacific Ocean.	Rinoctes nasutus	species
taxon rank	Tupuxuara is a genus of large, crested, toothless pterodactyloid pterosaur.	Tupuxuara	genus
taxon rank	Salix breweri is a species of willow known by the common name Brewer's willow.	Salix breweri	species
taxon rank	Layia jonesii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Jones' tidytips, or Jones' layia.	Layia jonesii	species
taxon rank	Acaena echinata, commonly known as Sheep's Burr, is a species of perennial herb native to Australia.	Acaena echinata	species
taxon rank	The brachyceran infraorder Stratiomyomorpha is a small group that consists primarily of the family Stratiomyidae and two small related families.	Stratiomyomorpha	infraorder
taxon rank	Suaeda maritima is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common names herbaceous seepweed and annual seablite.	Suaeda maritima	species
taxon rank	Actinocrocuta chaetosa is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Actinocrocuta of the family Tachinidae.	Actinocrocuta chaetosa	species
taxon rank	Cranoglanis bouderius is a species of armorhead catfish found in Kwangsi Province, China and Vietnam.	Cranoglanis bouderius	species
taxon rank	Raillardella argentea is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name silky raillardella.	Raillardella argentea	species
taxon rank	Quercus buckleyi, commonly known as Texas red oak or Buckley's oak, is a species of flowering plant in the beech family.	Quercus buckleyi	species
taxon rank	Clinopodium dentatum (syn. Calamintha dentata) is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names toothed savory and Florida calamint.	Clinopodium dentatum	species
taxon rank	Worthenella is a genus of stem-group arthropod from the Burgess Shale.	Worthenella	genus
taxon rank	Chamaecrista fasciculata, the partridge pea, is a species of legume native to most of the eastern United States.	Chamaecrista fasciculata	species
taxon rank	Proconsul nyanzae is a species of fossil primate first discovered by Louis Leakey on Rusinga Island in 1942, which he published in Nature in 1943.	Proconsul nyanzae	species
taxon rank	Kelyophis (/keɪliːˈoʊfɪs/; meaning 'small serpent' from the Malagasy word kely (meaning ``small'') and the Greek word ὄφις (ophis, meaning ``serpent'')) is an extinct genus of nigerophiid snake which existed in Madagascar during the Late Cretaceous.	Kelyophis	genus
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus pinchoni is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Guadeloupe and known from the Basse-Terre.	Eleutherodactylus pinchoni	species
taxon rank	Cherax tenuimanus, known as the hairy marron or Margaret River marron, is one of two species of crayfish in Southwestern Australia known as marron.	Cherax tenuimanus	species
taxon rank	Surameryx is an extinct genus of herbivorous even-toed ungulates belonging to the extinct family Palaeomerycidae.	Surameryx	genus
taxon rank	Ctenurella (``Little Comb Tail'') is an extinct genus of ptyctodont placoderm from the Late Devonian of Germany.	Ctenurella	genus
taxon rank	Malawispongiidae is a family of freshwater sponges found in the ancient lakes of Malawi, Tanganyika, Kinneret, Ohrid and Poso.	Malawispongiidae	family
taxon rank	Alasea is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family, containing only one species, Alasea corniculata, which is known from Costa Rica.	Alasea	species
taxon rank	Dravidogecko anamallensis is a species of gecko found in the South Indian Hills of Palni, Anamalai and Tirunelveli.	Dravidogecko anamallensis	species
taxon rank	Nyctibatrachus sanctipalustris (Coorg night frog or sacred swamp wrinkled frog) is a species of frog in the Nyctibatrachidae family from India.	Nyctibatrachus sanctipalustris	species
taxon rank	Helicophanta souverbiana is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropods mollusk in the family Acavidae.	Helicophanta souverbiana	species
taxon rank	Tomarus is a genus of scarab beetles in the subfamily Dynastinae, the rhinoceros beetles.	Tomarus	genus
taxon rank	Maerua racemulosa is a species of plant in the Capparaceae family, which is almost endemic to South Africa's coastal regions, where it is a constituent of shady forest understory and valley bushveld.	Maerua racemulosa	species
taxon rank	Aracana is a genus of deepwater boxfishes native to the coastal waters of Australia.	Aracana	genus
taxon rank	Digitalis lanata (often called the Woolly Foxglove or Grecian Foxglove) is a species of foxglove.	Digitalis lanata	species
taxon rank	Torreyochloa is a genus of North American and northeast Asian plants in the grass family.	Torreyochloa	genus
taxon rank	Mole crickets are members of the insect family Gryllotalpidae, in the order Orthoptera (grasshoppers, locusts and crickets).	Mole cricket	family
taxon rank	Agonum anthracinum is a species of ground beetle from a subfamily of Platyninae.	Agonum anthracinum	species
taxon rank	The Cocos buff-banded rail, Gallirallus philippensis andrewsi, is an endangered subspecies of the buff-banded rail endemic to the Cocos (Keeling) Islands, an Australian Offshore Territory in the central-eastern Indian Ocean.	Cocos buff-banded rail	subspecies
taxon rank	Python kyaiktiyo, commonly known as the Myanmar short-tailed python, is a species of python found in Myanmar (Burma).	Python kyaiktiyo	species
taxon rank	The Indian wild ass or Baluchi wild ass (Equus hemionus khur) also called the ghudkhur in the local Gujarati language, is a subspecies of the onager native to Southern Asia.	Indian wild ass	subspecies
taxon rank	Dasyloricaria latiura is a species of armored catfish native to Panama and Colombia where it is found in the Tuira and Atrato River basins.	Dasyloricaria latiura	species
taxon rank	Lima pellucida, or the Antillean file shell, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae.	Lima pellucida	species
taxon rank	Chaenomeles cathayensis is a species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Chaenomeles cathayensis	species
taxon rank	Eurycheilichthys is a small genus of armored catfishes native to South America.	Eurycheilichthys	genus
taxon rank	Aulichthys japonicus, the Tubenose, is a species of Hypoptychid fish native to shallow waters on the coasts of Japan, China and the Korean Peninsula This species lays its eggs inside of the peribranchial cavities of ascidians.	Aulichthys japonicus	species
taxon rank	Amphipteryx agrioides, the montane relict damsel, is a species of damselfly in family Amphipterygidae.	Amphipteryx agrioides	species
taxon rank	Eledone schultzei, the brush-tipped octopus, is a rare species of octopus.	Eledone schultzei	species
taxon rank	Penicillium phoeniceum is an anamorph, saprotrophic species of the genus of Penicillium which produces oosporein, phoenicine and phenicin.	Penicillium phoeniceum	species
taxon rank	Hipparchia azorina, the Azores Grayling, is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Hipparchia azorina	species
taxon rank	Semionotiformes (``flag-back form'') is an order of primitive, ray-finned, primarily freshwater fish from the Triassic to the Cretaceous.	Semionotiformes	order
taxon rank	The Enterobacteriales are an order of Gram-negative bacteria that includes only one family which is the Enterobacteriaceae.	Enterobacteriales	order
taxon rank	Torreya jackii (Chinese: 长叶榧树; pinyin: fěishù; literally: ``longleaf torreya'') is a species of conifer in the family Cephalotaxaceae.	Torreya jackii	species
taxon rank	Xyris drummondii, Drummond's yelloweyed grass, is a North American species of flowering plant in the yellow-eyed-grass family.	Xyris drummondii	species
taxon rank	Mimanancylus borneensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimanancylus.	Mimanancylus borneensis	species
taxon rank	Decodon verticillatus, the sole species in the genus Decodon, is a flowering plant in the Lythraceae family.	Decodon verticillatus	species
taxon rank	Lonicera caprifolium, the Italian woodbine, perfoliate honeysuckle, goat-leaf honeysuckle, Italian honeysuckle, or perfoliate woodbine, is a species of perennial flowering plants in the genus Lonicera of the Caprifoliaceae family.	Lonicera caprifolium	species
taxon rank	Hoploparia longimana is a species of fossil lobsters belonging to the family Nephropidae.	Hoploparia longimana	species
taxon rank	Cyrtodactylus buchardi is a species of gecko recently described from Champasak Province, Laos.	Cyrtodactylus buchardi	species
taxon rank	Rhinella chrysophora, sometimes known as the Rio Viejo toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Rhinella chrysophora	species
taxon rank	Baumea is a genus of the sedge family, which includes around 30 species native to Madagascar and the Pacific Islands, with 15 species in Australia.	Baumea	genus
taxon rank	Congoglanis alula is a species of loach catfish found in the Congo River Basin in Angola, the Democratic Republic of Congo and possibly in Zambia.	Congoglanis alula	species
taxon rank	Tchoiria is a genus of simoedosaurid choristodere, a type of crocodile-like aquatic reptile.	Tchoiria	genus
taxon rank	Peptoniphilus is a genus of bacteria in the phylum Firmicutes (Bacteria).	Peptoniphilus	genus
taxon rank	Mycobacterium phage L5 is a bacteriophage known to infect bacterial species of the genus Mycobacterium.	Mycobacterium phage L5	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum helichrysoides, common names spreading buckwheat and strawflower wild buckwheat, is a plant species endemic to Kansas.	Eriogonum helichrysoides	species
taxon rank	Astragalus sabulonum is a species of milkvetch known by the common name gravel milkvetch.	Astragalus sabulonum	species
taxon rank	Humba is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae.	Humba	genus
taxon rank	Palaquium luzoniense (also called Red Nato) is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family.	Palaquium luzoniense	species
taxon rank	Pentanisia is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family.	Pentanisia	genus
taxon rank	Ytu angra is a species of Myxophagan beetle in the genus Ytu.	Ytu angra	species
taxon rank	Collocalia is a genus of swifts, containing some of the smaller species termed ``swiftlets''.	Collocalia	genus
taxon rank	Amphibalanus amphitrite is a species of acorn barnacle in the Balanidae family.	Amphibalanus amphitrite	species
taxon rank	Phyllobius glaucus is a species of weevil found across Europe, especially in carrs.	Phyllobius glaucus	species
taxon rank	Aenigmatoceras is a genus of ammonite cephalopod from the Carboniferous of Russia.	Aenigmatoceras	genus
taxon rank	Cycloscala is a genus of predatory sea snails, marine prosobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Epitoniidae, commonly known as wentletraps.	Cycloscala	genus
taxon rank	Alcithoe davegibbsi is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae.	Alcithoe davegibbsi	species
taxon rank	Phyllachora banksiae is a species of fungus in the family Phyllachoraceae.	Phyllachora banksiae	species
taxon rank	Partula exigua, common name the Moorean viviparous tree snail, was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula exigua	species
taxon rank	Erigeron glabellus is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family, called the streamside fleabane.	Erigeron glabellus	species
taxon rank	Luria cinerea, common name, the Atlantic gray cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Luria cinerea	species
taxon rank	It was described by Roesler in 1965, and contains the species Pararotruda nesiotica.	Pararotruda	species
taxon rank	Osbornodon iamonensis is an extinct species of bone-crushing Hesperocyoninae, a predecessor of modern dogs that were endemic to North America and which lived from the Orellan age of the Early Oligocene to Early Miocene epoch 23.6--16.3 Ma and existed for approximately 7.3 million years.	Osbornodon iamonensis	species
taxon rank	Chaenactis alpigena is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name southern Sierra pincushion.	Chaenactis alpigena	species
taxon rank	Lachlathetes is a genus of antlions in the subfamily Palparinae.	Lachlathetes	genus
taxon rank	Lepidium barnebyanum is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Barneby's pepperweed, Barneby's pepper-grass, and Barneby's ridge-cress.	Lepidium barnebyanum	species
taxon rank	Dalea foliosa is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name leafy prairie clover.	Dalea foliosa	species
taxon rank	Ameles spallanzania, common name European dwarf mantis, is a species of praying mantis belonging to the genus Ameles.	Ameles spallanzania	species
taxon rank	Orobanche valida is a species of broomrape known by the common name Rock Creek broomrape.	Orobanche valida	species
taxon rank	Mahonia paucijuga is a shrub in the Berberidaceae family described as a species in 1987.	Mahonia paucijuga	species
taxon rank	Helianthus gracilentus is a species of sunflower known by the common name slender sunflower.	Helianthus gracilentus	species
taxon rank	The Stejneger's petrel (Pterodroma longirostris) is a species of seabird and a member of the gadfly petrels.	Stejneger's petrel	species
taxon rank	Anthidiellum krombeini is a species of leaf-cutting bee in the genus Anthidiellum, of the family Megachilidae.	Anthidiellum krombeini	species
taxon rank	Hemipilia silvestrii is an orchid species in the genus Hemipilia.	Hemipilia silvestrii	species
taxon rank	Xenophonus hirtus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Xenophonus.	Xenophonus	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis riponianus is a species of cichlid found in Lake Victoria and possibly in the adjacent reaches of the Nile.	Haplochromis riponianus	species
taxon rank	Acacia enterocarpa, commonly known as jumping jack wattle, is a shrub species that is endemic to eastern Australia.	Acacia enterocarpa	species
taxon rank	Plectrohyla thorectes (Spanish: Rana-de Árbol Moteadais, commonly known as Adler's mottled tree frog) a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Plectrohyla thorectes	species
taxon rank	Eonemachilus longidorsalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Eonemachilus in which it is currently considered a species inquirenda.	Eonemachilus longidorsalis	species
taxon rank	Monoplex keenae is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae family, which includes the triton snails, triton shells or tritons.	Monoplex keenae	species
taxon rank	Loxodera is a genus of African plants in the grass family.	Loxodera	genus
taxon rank	Gastornis is an extinct genus of large flightless birds that lived during the late Paleocene and Eocene epochs of the Cenozoic era.	Gastornis	genus
taxon rank	Ranunculus austro-oreganus, the Southern Oregon buttercup, is a plant species endemic to the region around Medford, Oregon.	Ranunculus austro-oreganus	species
taxon rank	Tanystropheidae is an extinct family of mostly marine archosauromorph reptiles that lived throughout the Triassic Period.	Tanystropheidae	family
taxon rank	Oreochromis mweruensis is a species of swamp-dwelling cichlid native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda and Zambia.	Oreochromis mweruensis	species
taxon rank	One of the principal host species for Trichopoda pennipes is the southern green stinkbug, Nezara viridula.	Trichopoda pennipes	species
taxon rank	Viviparidae, sometimes known as the river snails, are a family of large operculate freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks.	Viviparidae	family
taxon rank	Balaka microcarpa is a species of palm tree.	Balaka microcarpa	species
taxon rank	Oxymeris areolata, common name : the Dark-spotted Auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Oxymeris areolata	species
taxon rank	Thermopsis mollis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names Allegheny Mountain goldenbanner, soft bush pea, and soft-haired thermopsis.	Thermopsis mollis	species
taxon rank	Lorandersonia baileyi (Bailey's rabbitbrush), is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Lorandersonia baileyi	species
taxon rank	Nebria christinae is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae family that is endemic to Nepal.	Nebria christinae	species
taxon rank	Schiedea kaalae, known as Oahu schiedea or Maʻoliʻoli in Hawaiian, is a species of flowering plant in the carnation family, Caryophyllaceae, that is endemic to the island of Oʻahu in Hawaii.	Schiedea kaalae	species
taxon rank	Cladognathus giraffa is a species of beetles belonging to the Lucanidae family.	Cladognathus giraffa	species
taxon rank	Allium pskemense is a rare Asian species of wild onion native to Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, and southern Kazakhstan.	Allium pskemense	species
taxon rank	Coralliodrilus rugosus is a species of clitellate oligochaete worm, first found in Belize, on the Caribbean side of Central America.	Coralliodrilus rugosus	species
taxon rank	Atriplex cinerea, commonly known as grey saltbush, coast saltbush or barilla, is a plant species in the family Amaranthaceae.	Atriplex cinerea	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron konori, the Konor rhododendron, is a rhododendron species native to Irian Jaya, Indonesia, and Papua New Guinea.	Rhododendron konori	species
taxon rank	Maytenus crassipes is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family.	Maytenus crassipes	species
taxon rank	The Drosophilidae are a diverse, cosmopolitan family of flies, which includes fruit flies.	Drosophilidae	family
taxon rank	Atypichthys is a genus of sea chubs native to inshore waters from Australia to New Zealand and the Kermadec Islands, with currently two recognized species:	Atypichthys	genus
taxon rank	Alopecosa pentheri is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Europe (Bulgaria, Greece) to Azerbaijan.	Alopecosa pentheri	species
taxon rank	The Timor imperial pigeon (Ducula cineracea) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Timor imperial pigeon	species
taxon rank	Lyginia is a genus of three rhizomatous plant species all endemic to South Western Australia.	Lyginia	genus
taxon rank	Planorbis planorbis is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Planorbis planorbis	species
taxon rank	Atopochilus pachychilus is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the Lubilonji River in the vicinity of Kanda Kanda.	Atopochilus pachychilus	species
taxon rank	Conchapelopia is a genus of flies belonging to the family Chironomidae (the non-biting midges).	Conchapelopia	genus
taxon rank	Woodford's fruit bat (Melonycteris woodfordi), also known as the orange fruit bat, is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Woodford's fruit bat	species
taxon rank	Ecsenius collettei, known commonly as the Collete's blenny in Papua New Guinea, is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius.	Ecsenius collettei	species
taxon rank	Gluconacetobacter sacchari is a species of acetic acid bacteria first isolated from the leaf sheath of sugar cane and from the pink sugar-cane mealy bug (Saccharicoccus sacchari) on sugar cane growing in Queensland and northern New South Wales.	Gluconacetobacter sacchari	species
taxon rank	Linum medium, common name stiff yellow flax, is a species of Linum (flax) native to eastern North America, as far west as Texas and Wisconsin, east to the Atlantic ocean, and north to Ontario and Maine.	Linum medium	species
taxon rank	Carabus latreilleanus is a species of beetle in the ground beetle family that is endemic to France.	Carabus latreilleanus	species
taxon rank	Aechmea orlandiana is species in the genus Aechmea endemic to Brazil.	Aechmea orlandiana	species
taxon rank	Mulsantina picta (the painted lady beetle or pine lady beetle) is a species of ladybug belonging to the subfamily Coccinellinae.	Mulsantina picta	species
taxon rank	Fimbristylis vahlii is a species of sedge known by the common name Vahl's fimbry.	Fimbristylis vahlii	species
taxon rank	Sidalcea ranunculacea is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name marsh checkerbloom.	Sidalcea ranunculacea	species
taxon rank	Stiracolpus pagoda, common name the pagoda turret, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.	Stiracolpus pagoda	species
taxon rank	Baikiaea insignis, commonly known as Nkobakoba or Nkoba, is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Baikiaea insignis	species
taxon rank	Conus ebraeus, common name the black-and-white cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus ebraeus	species
taxon rank	Acartauchenius hamulifer is a species of sheet weaver found in Algeria.	Acartauchenius hamulifer	species
taxon rank	Cryptantha incana is a rare species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Tulare cryptantha.	Cryptantha incana	species
taxon rank	Odontocharacidium aphanes, the green dwarf tetra, is a species of South American darter found in the Amazon River basin.	Odontocharacidium aphanes	species
taxon rank	Veratrum fimbriatum is an uncommon species of false hellebore, a type of plant closely related to the lily.	Veratrum fimbriatum	species
taxon rank	Elanus is a genus of bird of prey in the elanid kite subfamily.	Elanus	genus
taxon rank	Geranium californicum is a species of Geranium known by the common name California cranesbill.	Geranium californicum	species
taxon rank	Synbranchus is a genus of swamp eels native to Central and South America.	Synbranchus	genus
taxon rank	Frasera fastigiata (syn. Swertia fastigiata) is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common name clustered green gentian.	Frasera fastigiata	species
taxon rank	Pythais scutigera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pythais.	Pythais scutigera	species
taxon rank	Telanthophora is a genus of Mesoamerican plants in the groundsel tribe within the daisy family.	Telanthophora	genus
taxon rank	Aleurocanthus woglumi is a species of whitefly in the family Aleyrodidae.	Aleurocanthus woglumi	species
taxon rank	Anodontostoma is a small genus of gizzard shads found in the Indo-Pacific region.	Anodontostoma	genus
taxon rank	Townsend's vole (Microtus townsendii) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae, the sister species of M. canicaudus.	Townsend's vole	species
taxon rank	Macrocallista nimbosa, or the sunray venus clam, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae.	Macrocallista nimbosa	species
taxon rank	Thermosinus carboxydivorans is an anaerobic, thermophilic, Gram-negative, carbon-monoxide-oxidizing, hydrogenogenic bacterium, the type species of its genus.	Thermosinus carboxydivorans	species
taxon rank	Vomerogobius flavus, the Lemon Goby, is a species of goby native to the marine waters around the Bahamas.	Vomerogobius flavus	species
taxon rank	Achyronychia is a monotypic genus of flowering plant containing the single species Achyronychia cooperi, which is known by the common names onyxflower and frost-mat. This plant is native to the Mojave and Sonoran Deserts of northern Mexico and the U.S. states of California, Nevada, Utah and Arizona.	Achyronychia	species
taxon rank	Tosirips is a genus of moths of the tribe Archipini.	Tosirips	genus
taxon rank	Assiminea brevicula, common name the red mangrove snail, is a species of minute operculate snail, a freshwater or marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae.	Assiminea brevicula	species
taxon rank	Drymaeus acervatus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bulimulidae.	Drymaeus acervatus	species
taxon rank	Ephiales cretacea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Ephiales.	Ephiales cretacea	species
taxon rank	Sepioloidea pacifica, also known as the Pacific Bobtail Squid, is a species of cuttlefish native to the southern Pacific Ocean; it occurs off New Zealand in the west and in the Nazca and Sala y Gomez submarine ridges in the east.	Sepioloidea pacifica	species
taxon rank	Mastax vegeta is a species of beetle in the Carabidae family that can be found in such Indian provinces as Darjeeling, Himachal Pradesh, Sikkim and Uttarakhand.	Mastax vegeta	species
taxon rank	The birch family, the Betulaceae, includes six genera of deciduous nut-bearing trees and shrubs, including the birches, alders, hazels, hornbeams, hazel-hornbeam, and hop-hornbeams numbering about 130 species.	Betulaceae	family
taxon rank	Gliophorus viridis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Hygrophoraceae found in New Zealand.	Gliophorus viridis	species
taxon rank	Trichomorpha esulcata is a species of millipede in the family Chelodesmidae that can be found in San Vito, Costa Rica, where it was found on 17--18 April 1972.	Trichomorpha esulcata	species
taxon rank	Paracolobus is an extinct genus of primate in the Colobini tribe, which also contains the living colobus monkeys.	Paracolobus	genus
taxon rank	Monotes lutambensis is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae endemic to Tanzania.	Monotes lutambensis	species
taxon rank	Metroxylon sagu (true sago palm) is a species of palm in the genus Metroxylon, native to tropical southeastern Asia in Indonesia (western New Guinea, and the Moluccas), Papua New Guinea, Malaysia (both Peninsular Malaysia and Sarawak) and possibly also the Philippines (though may have been introduced there).	Metroxylon sagu	species
taxon rank	Rhamphochromis woodi is a species of piscivorous cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers open waters at depths of from 8 to 121 metres (26 to 397 ft).	Rhamphochromis woodi	species
taxon rank	Tamarix tetrandra is a species of flowering plant in the family Tamaricaceae, native to south eastern Europe, Turkey, Bulgaria and Crimea.	Tamarix tetrandra	species
taxon rank	Monachaster sanderi is a species of sea star in the family Orestieridae.	Monachaster	species
taxon rank	Cosmochlaina (from Greek: kosmos=ornament; xlaina=wrapper/cloak) is a form genus of nematophyte -- an early (Silurian -- Devonian) plant known only from fossil cuticles, often found in association with tubular structures.	Cosmochlaina	genus
taxon rank	Coleochaete is a genus of parenchymatous charophyte green algae in the order Coleochaetales.	Coleochaete	genus
taxon rank	Luciobarbus is a genus of ray-finned fishes in the family Cyprinidae.	Luciobarbus	genus
taxon rank	Leptothrix discophora is one of several species of Leptothrix, known for its sheath, and iron-, manganese-, and recently arsenic-removing properties.	Leptothrix discophora	species
taxon rank	Tergipedidae is a family of sea slugs, aeolid nudibranchs, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Fionoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Tergipedidae	family
taxon rank	Potentilla grayi is a species of cinquefoil known by the common name Gray's cinquefoil.	Potentilla grayi	species
taxon rank	Epialtidae is a family of crabs, containing the subfamilies:	Epialtidae	family
taxon rank	Melanophylla modestei is a species of plant in the Melanophyllaceae family.	Melanophylla modestei	species
taxon rank	Anthosactis pearseae is a species of sea anemone that was discovered in 2007.	Anthosactis pearseae	species
taxon rank	Strongylura marina, known commonly as the Atlantic needlefish, is a common demersal needlefish species common in marinas and other areas with minimal current.	Strongylura marina	species
taxon rank	Festuca contracta, commonly known as Tufted Fescue or Land Tussac, is a species of true grass (Poaceae).	Festuca contracta	species
taxon rank	Synema globosum is a species of 'crab spiders' belonging to the family Thomisidae.	Synema globosum	species
taxon rank	Leichardtia is a plant genus in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1849.	Leichardtia	genus
taxon rank	Zelus luridus, also known as the Pale Green Assassin Bug, is a species of assassin bug native to North America.	Zelus luridus	species
taxon rank	Cnemaspis heteropholis is a species of gecko found in India (Gund, Uttara Kannada).	Cnemaspis heteropholis	species
taxon rank	Downingia is a genus of 13 annual plants native to western North America and Chile.	Downingia	genus
taxon rank	Photuris versicolor, is a species complex of firefly common throughout the Eastern United States.	Photuris versicolor	species
taxon rank	Allium maackii is a species of wild onion native to northeastern Asia (Heilongjiang, Amur Oblast, Primorye, Khabarovsk, Sakhalin, Kuril Islands).	Allium maackii	species
taxon rank	Melanthera tenuifolia (formerly Lipochaeta tenuifolia) is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Waianae Range nehe and slender-leaf nehe.	Melanthera tenuifolia	species
taxon rank	Drosera capensis, commonly known as the Cape sundew, is a small rosette-forming carnivorous species of perennial sundew native to the Cape in South Africa.	Drosera capensis	species
taxon rank	Trifolium ciliolatum is a species of clover known by the common name foothill clover.	Trifolium ciliolatum	species
taxon rank	Mimulus whitneyi is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Harlequin monkeyflower.	Mimulus whitneyi	species
taxon rank	Lithospermum is a genus of plants belonging to the family Boraginaceae.	Lithospermum	genus
taxon rank	Draba graminea is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Rocky Mountain draba and San Juan Whitlow-grass.	Draba graminea	species
taxon rank	Acer kenaicum is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a pair of fossil leaves and a samara.	Acer kenaicum	species
taxon rank	Longitergite is an extinct genus of prawn which existed in Russia during the Lower Miocene period.	Longitergite	genus
taxon rank	Even the higher-level taxonomy is disputed, with some experts preferring to place most lemurs within the infraorder Lemuriformes, while others prefer Lemuriformes to contain all living strepsirrhines, placing all lemurs in superfamily Lemuroidea and all lorises and galagos in superfamily Lorisoidea.	Lemur	superfamily
taxon rank	Proteromonadidae is a paraphyletic family of heterokonts, that resemble Opalinidae.	Proteromonadidae	family
taxon rank	Syngonanthus nitens or golden grass is a grass-like species of Eriocaulaceae which exists in the region of Jalapão, state of Tocantins, Brazil - the region is part of the Brazilian cerrado.	Syngonanthus nitens	species
taxon rank	Mucrospirifer is a genus of extinct brachiopod in the class Rhynchonellata (Articulata) and the order Spiriferida.	Mucrospirifer	genus
taxon rank	Trinodus, Arthrorhachis and Geragnostus are closely related and it may be appropriate to assign their species to just one genus.	Trinodus	genus
taxon rank	The Forcipomyiinae are a subfamily of biting midges.	Forcipomyiinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Balsamorhiza lanata (lanate balsamroot) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower tribe within the aster family.	Balsamorhiza lanata	species
taxon rank	Tinantia anomala, common name false dayflower or widow's-tears, is a plant species in the Commelinaceae, related to the Mexican wandering Jew, Tinantia pringlei.	Tinantia anomala	species
taxon rank	Deconica coprophila, commonly known as the dung-loving Psilocybe, is a species of mushroom in the Strophariaceae family.	Deconica coprophila	species
taxon rank	The Polytrichaceae also known as ``Aloe Moss'' is a common family of mosses.	Polytrichaceae	family
taxon rank	Restrepia teaguei, commonly called the Teague's Restrepia, is a species of orchid endemic to Ecuador (Zamora-Chinchipe).	Restrepia teaguei	species
taxon rank	Conus platensis is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus platensis	species
taxon rank	Candida stellata is a species of yeast of the genus Candida.	Candida stellata	species
taxon rank	Papilio lampsacus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in west Java.	Papilio lampsacus	species
taxon rank	Nomascus is the second-most speciose genus of gibbons (family Hylobatidae).	Nomascus	genus
taxon rank	Hibiscus waimeae (white Kauai rosemallow, Hawaiian: kokiʻo keʻokeʻo, or kokiʻo kea) is a species of flowering plant in the okra family, Malvaceae, that is endemic to the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaii.	Hibiscus waimeae	species
taxon rank	Pteridium aquilinum (bracken, brake or common bracken), also known as ``eagle fern,'' is a species of fern occurring in temperate and subtropical regions in both hemispheres.	Pteridium aquilinum	species
taxon rank	Rhynchocinetes is a genus of shrimp, containing the following 14 species:	Rhynchocinetes	genus
taxon rank	Onchopristis is a genus of extinct giant sawfish that lived in the Lower Cretaceous to Upper Cretaceous in North Africa and New Zealand.	Onchopristis	genus
taxon rank	Huehuecanauhtlus is an extinct genus of hadrosauroid dinosaur known from the Late Cretaceous (Santonian stage) of Michoacán, western Mexico.	Huehuecanauhtlus	genus
taxon rank	Zaniolepis is a genus of scorpaeniform fish native to the eastern Pacific Ocean.	Zaniolepis	genus
taxon rank	Phalaenopsis tetraspis is a species of orchid endemic to the Andaman Islands, the Nicobar Islands and northwestern Sumatra.	Phalaenopsis tetraspis	species
taxon rank	The Cystofilobasidiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Tremellales.	Cystofilobasidiaceae	family
taxon rank	Callistosporium palmarum is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family, and the type species of the genus Callistosporium.	Callistosporium palmarum	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Diaphoromyrma sofiae, known only from workers from the type locality in Bahia, Brazil.	Diaphoromyrma	species
taxon rank	Cosmochilus is genus of cyprinid fish found in East and Southeast Asia.	Cosmochilus	genus
taxon rank	Bothrogonia is a genus of leafhopper with a large number of species distributed across the Old World.	Bothrogonia	genus
taxon rank	Valvata bicarinata, common name the two-ridge valvata, is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae, the valve snails.	Valvata bicarinata	species
taxon rank	Canthigaster rapaensis is a species of fish in the Tetraodontidae family.	Canthigaster rapaensis	species
taxon rank	Pulcratis reticulatus is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae, the only species in the genus Pulcratis.	Pulcratis	species
taxon rank	Krascheninnikovia ceratoides (Pamirian winterfat) is a plant species native to central and southern Europe, northern Africa, and parts of Asia.	Krascheninnikovia ceratoides	species
taxon rank	Hemitaeniochromis brachyrhynchus is a species of fish in the family Cichlidae.	Hemitaeniochromis brachyrhynchus	species
taxon rank	The Bocaina tree frog, Aplastodiscus callipygius, or perereca-verde, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae, endemic to Brazil.	Bocaina tree frog	species
taxon rank	Longidorus is a genus of needle nematode.	Longidorus	genus
taxon rank	Priochirus is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Staphylinidae.	Priochirus	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Bulbithecium hyalosporum.	Bulbithecium	species
taxon rank	Apolemichthys xanthotis, common names Yellow-ear angelfish and Red Sea angelfish, is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacanthidae.	Apolemichthys xanthotis	species
taxon rank	Megacyllene robiniae, commonly known as the locust borer, is a species of longhorn beetle endemic to eastern North America.	Megacyllene robiniae	species
taxon rank	Dysoneura zherikhini is a species of insect in the genus Dysoneura.	Dysoneura zherikhini	species
taxon rank	Jacqueshuberia pustulata is a plant species endemic to Venezuela.	Jacqueshuberia pustulata	species
taxon rank	Nerita umlaasiana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae.	Nerita umlaasiana	species
taxon rank	Merrilliobryum is a genus of moss in family Myriniaceae.	Merrilliobryum	genus
taxon rank	Diplacodes melanopsis is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae known commonly as the blackfaced percher or black-faced percher.	Diplacodes melanopsis	species
taxon rank	Cynarctoides roii is an extinct species of Cynarctoides, belonging to the subfamily Borophaginae and tribe Phlaocyonini, a canid which inhabited west central North America from the Late Oligocene to Miocene living 30.8--20.6 mya and existed for approximately 10.2 million years.	Cynarctoides roii	species
taxon rank	Cyclothone is a genus of bioluminescent bristlemouths which typically grow to around 3 inches (though some species are known to be larger).	Cyclothone	genus
taxon rank	Gymnocalycium quehlianum (Quehla chin cactus) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cactaceae, native to northern Argentina.	Gymnocalycium quehlianum	species
taxon rank	Herichthys teporatus, also known as the Soto la Marina cichlid, is a species of cichlid fish endemic to Mexico where it occurs in the Soto la Marina drainage in the state of Tamaulipas.	Herichthys teporatus	species
taxon rank	Renanthera coccinea is a species of orchid occurring from Hainan to Indochina.	Renanthera coccinea	species
taxon rank	Carex archeri, known as Archer's sedge, is a species of sedge in the genus Carex, endemic to south-eastern Australia.	Carex archeri	species
taxon rank	The Cetomimiformes or whalefishes are an order of small, deep-sea ray-finned fish.	Cetomimiformes	order
taxon rank	Mitella ovalis is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common names coastal miterwort and oval-leaf miterwort.	Mitella ovalis	species
taxon rank	Saxifraga stellaris, the starry saxifrage or hairy kidney-wort, is an Arctic--alpine species of saxifrage.	Saxifraga stellaris	species
taxon rank	Bolinus cornutus, or horned murex, is a predatory species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex or rock snails.	Bolinus cornutus	species
taxon rank	Rhinophis oxyrhynchus, commonly known as Schneider's earth snake, is a species of uropeltid snake endemic to Sri Lanka.	Rhinophis oxyrhynchus	species
taxon rank	Hawaiia minuscula, common name the minute gem or minute gem snail, is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pristilomatidae.	Hawaiia minuscula	species
taxon rank	Zhenbaspis is an extinct genus ptychopariid trilobite.	Zhenbaspis	genus
taxon rank	Plagiochasma intermedium is a liverwort species in the genus Plagiochasma found in China.	Plagiochasma intermedium	species
taxon rank	Hippa adactyla is a species of small, sand-burrowing decapod crustacean found living along the coasts of Indo-West Pacific waters.	Hippa adactyla	species
taxon rank	Nautilus belauensis, also known as the Palau nautilus, is a species of nautilus native to the waters around the Pacific island nation of Palau.	Nautilus belauensis	species
taxon rank	Gaura coccinea is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by several common names, including scarlet beeblossom, scarlet gaura, and linda tarde.	Gaura coccinea	species
taxon rank	Pratulum pulchellum is a species of cockle, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae.	Pratulum pulchellum	species
taxon rank	The currently recognised species in this genus is Fenestraria rhopalophylla.	Fenestraria	species
taxon rank	Allobates myersi (common name: Myers' poison frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family found in Amazonian Colombia, likely also in adjacent Brazil and northeastern Peru.	Allobates myersi	species
taxon rank	Anomobryum julaceum, the slender silver-moss, is a species of bryophyte native to all continents except South America and Antarctica.	Anomobryum julaceum	species
taxon rank	Chalcosyrphus valgus is a medium-sized species of hoverfly with a widespread range throughout the palearctic region.	Chalcosyrphus valgus	species
taxon rank	Foch's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys fochi) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Foch's tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Veronica anagallis-aquatica is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names water speedwell, blue water-speedwell, and brook pimpernel.	Veronica anagallis-aquatica	species
taxon rank	Hampala salweenensis is a southeast Asian species of cyprinid, endemic to the basin of the Salween.	Hampala salweenensis	species
taxon rank	Cerion nanus is a species of medium-sized air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod in the family Cerionidae, which are sometimes known as the peanut snails.	Cerion nanus	species
taxon rank	Labidochromis strigatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur in areas with rocky substrates around Likoma Island and Chisumulu Island.	Labidochromis strigatus	species
taxon rank	Mittermeier's mouse lemur (Microcebus mittermeieri) is a species of mouse lemur known only from Anjanaharibe-Sud Special Reserve in Madagascar.	Mittermeier's mouse lemur	species
taxon rank	Castilleja christii is a rare species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name Christ's Indian paintbrush.	Castilleja christii	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus dimidiatus is a rare species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Cuba.	Eleutherodactylus dimidiatus	species
taxon rank	Dichanthelium lanuginosum (Panic grass) is a species of grass.	Dichanthelium lanuginosum	species
taxon rank	Penstemon pudicus is a rare species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names bashful beardtongue and Kawich Range beardtongue.	Penstemon pudicus	species
taxon rank	Philine powelli is a species of sea snail, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Philinidae, the headshield slugs.	Philine powelli	species
taxon rank	Calciphilopteris is a genus of ferns in the family Pteridaceae.	Calciphilopteris	genus
taxon rank	Dsungaripterus was a genus of pterosaur, with an average wingspan of 3 metres (9.8 ft).	Dsungaripterus	genus
taxon rank	Thalattosauroidea is a superfamily of thalattosaurs, a Triassic group of marine reptiles.	Thalattosauroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	The Phalangeroidea are a superfamily of mammals that include the families Burramyidae and Phalangeridae, as well as the extinct families Ektopodontidae and Miralinidae.	Phalangeroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Quercus daimingshanensis is a rare Asian species of trees in the beech family.	Quercus daimingshanensis	species
taxon rank	Ephedrophila lucasi is a species of snout moth in the genus Ephedrophila.	Ephedrophila lucasi	species
taxon rank	Nebria angusticollis is a species of ground beetle in Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in the Alps of France, Italy, and Switzerland.	Nebria angusticollis	species
taxon rank	Pyozia is an extinct genus of basal Middle Permian varanopid synapsid known from Russia.	Pyozia	genus
taxon rank	Epitamyra minusculalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Epitamyra.	Epitamyra minusculalis	species
taxon rank	Metaporana obtusa is a species of plant in the Convolvulaceae family endemic to Yemen.	Metaporana obtusa	species
taxon rank	Pagodula aculeata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod in the family Muricidae.	Pagodula aculeata	species
taxon rank	Ramallichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the lower Cenomanian.	Ramallichthys	genus
taxon rank	Barringtonia calyptrata is a species of mangrove belonging to the family Lecythidaceae.	Barringtonia calyptrata	species
taxon rank	Cetonurichthys subinflatus, the smallpore whiptail, is a species of rattail found in the Indian Ocean waters near Australia.	Cetonurichthys subinflatus	species
taxon rank	Cordicephalus gracilis is the only species in the extinct genus Cordicephalus, a genus of prehistoric frogs.	Cordicephalus gracilis	species
taxon rank	Eviota sigillata, commonly called seven-figure pygmy goby or adorned dwarfgoby, is a species of marine fish in the family Gobiidae.	Eviota sigillata	species
taxon rank	The Lichinales are an order of ascomycete fungi.	Lichinales	order
taxon rank	Oliva reticulata, common name the blood olive, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae, the olives.	Oliva reticulata	species
taxon rank	Rhabdotis aulica, known as the emerald fruit chafer, is a species of Scarabaeidae, the dung beetle family, and is found in Africa.	Rhabdotis aulica	species
taxon rank	Gomphocerinae is a subfamily of grasshoppers, commonly called slant-faced grasshoppers.	Gomphocerinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Anisopodus costaricensis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Lara & Shenefelt in 1964.	Anisopodus costaricensis	species
taxon rank	Lejopyge laevigata is a species of agnostid trilobite belonging to the genus Lejopyge.	Lejopyge laevigata	species
taxon rank	Dracula chestertonii, commonly known as the Frog's Skin, is a species of orchid endemic to Colombia.	Dracula chestertonii	species
taxon rank	Astrangia poculata, the northern star coral or northern cup coral, is a species of non-reefbuilding stony coral in the family Rhizangiidae.	Astrangia poculata	species
taxon rank	Talaridris is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Talaridris mandibularis.	Talaridris	species
taxon rank	Shortia galacifolia has also been reported in Japan, as have three other species of Shortia.	Shortia galacifolia	species
taxon rank	Economidichthys pygmaeus, the Western Greece goby, is a species of freshwater goby endemic to western Greece where it is an inhabitant of streams and rivers.	Economidichthys pygmaeus	species
taxon rank	Festuca arvernensis (also known as Field fescue) is a species of perennial plant from Poaceae family.	Festuca arvernensis	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces cuspidosporus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Kyoto in Japan.	Streptomyces cuspidosporus	species
taxon rank	Aloinopsis malherbei is a species of succulent plant, also known as the ``Giant Jewel plant''.	Aloinopsis malherbei	species
taxon rank	Pecteilis radiata (syn. Habenaria radiata) is a species of orchid found in China, Japan, Korea and Russia.	Pecteilis radiata	species
taxon rank	The Acidobacteriaceae are a family of Acidobacteria.	Acidobacteriaceae	family
taxon rank	The Boletaceae are a family of mushrooms, primarily characterized by developing their spores in small pores on the underside of the mushroom, instead of gills, as are found in agarics.	Boletaceae	family
taxon rank	Oncorhynchus rastrosus (synonym Smilodonichthys rastrosus) also known as the sabertooth salmon, is an extinct species of salmon that lived along the Pacific coast of North America, first appearing in the late Miocene of California, then dying out some time during the Pleistocene.	Oncorhynchus rastrosus	species
taxon rank	Phaius is a genus of large, mostly terrestrial orchids (family Orchidaceae).	Phaius	genus
taxon rank	Heniochus is a genus of butterflyfishes native to the Indo-Pacific.	Heniochus	genus
taxon rank	Pennahia anea, commonly known as the bigeye croaker, is a species of fish native to the Indian region.	Pennahia anea	species
taxon rank	Carabus dufouri dufouri is a subspecies of black coloured beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found on Gibraltar and in Spain.	Carabus dufouri dufouri	subspecies
taxon rank	Illadopsis (from illas, Greek for thrush and opsis, appearing) is a genus of secretive forest birds in the Pellorneidae family.	Illadopsis	genus
taxon rank	Candalides geminus, the Geminus Blue, is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family.	Candalides geminus	species
taxon rank	Amesiella philippinensis is a species of orchid endemic to the Island of Luzon in the Philippines.	Amesiella philippinensis	species
taxon rank	Acanthobrama telavivensis, commonly known as the Yarkon bream or Yarkon bleak, is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish of the Cyprinidae family found only in Israel, in the Yarkon River system.	Acanthobrama telavivensis	species
taxon rank	Margarites keepi, common name the Keep margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae.	Margarites keepi	species
taxon rank	Helenium vernale is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Savanna sneezeweed or spring sneezeweed.	Helenium vernale	species
taxon rank	Camponotus monju is a species of carpenter ant known from Japan and Taiwan.	Camponotus monju	species
taxon rank	The Fagales are an order of flowering plants, including some of the best-known trees.	Fagales	order
taxon rank	Daxata is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, containing the following species: subgenus Daxata Daxata camelus Pascoe, 1864 subgenus Laodaxata Daxata lepesmei Breuning, 1961 subgenus Taxada Daxata anterufipennis Breuning, 1961 Daxata confusa Pascoe, 1869 Daxata laosensis Breuning, 1938 Daxata sumatrensis Breuning, 1961 Daxata ustulata Pascoe, 1866	Daxata	genus
taxon rank	Blepharocerus rubescens is a species of snout moth in the genus Blepharocerus.	Blepharocerus rubescens	species
taxon rank	Ypsilopus is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae native to Africa.	Ypsilopus	genus
taxon rank	The Anarthriaceae are a family of three genera, Anarthria, Hopkinsia and Lyginia of flowering plants.	Anarthriaceae	family
taxon rank	Oxycarpha is a genus of Colombian flowering plants in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family.	Oxycarpha	genus
taxon rank	Phyllodesmium jakobsenae is a species of sea slug, an aolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Facelinidae.	Phyllodesmium jakobsenae	species
taxon rank	Stenamma andersoni is a Neotropical species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Stenamma andersoni	species
taxon rank	Penicillium concentricum is a coprophilic, anamorph fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which produces roquefortine C and patulin.	Penicillium concentricum	species
taxon rank	Campestigma is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1912.	Campestigma	species
taxon rank	Kyllinga brevifolia is a species of sedge known by several common names, including shortleaf spikesedge, green kyllinga, and perennial greenhead sedge.	Kyllinga brevifolia	species
taxon rank	Angela armata is a species of praying mantis from the Mantidae family and Angela genus.	Angela armata	species
taxon rank	Acmella pusilla (dwarf spotflower) is a species of flowering herb in the sunflower family.	Acmella pusilla	species
taxon rank	Microphestia animalcula is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Microphestia.	Microphestia animalcula	species
taxon rank	Zygodontomys is a genus of rodent in the tribe Oryzomyini of the family Cricetidae.	Zygodontomys	genus
taxon rank	Leiostyla corneocostata is a species of land snail in the family Lauriidae known commonly as the Madeiran land snail.	Leiostyla corneocostata	species
taxon rank	Donacoceras is an extinct genus of actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod, essentially a Nautiloid that lived in what would be North America during the Ordovician from 460.5--443.7 mya, existing for approximately 16.8 million years.	Donacoceras	genus
taxon rank	The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Stalpersia orientalis .	Stalpersia	species
taxon rank	Strophurus is a genus of lizards in the family Gekkonidae.	Strophurus	genus
taxon rank	Poa kerguelensis is a species of tussock grass native to various subantarctic islands.	Poa kerguelensis	species
taxon rank	Ophisops beddomei, commonly known as Beddome's snake-eye, is a species of lizard endemic to the Western Ghats of India.	Ophisops beddomei	species
taxon rank	The Madeiran wood pigeon (Columba palumbus maderensis) was a subspecies of the wood pigeon (Columba palumbus) endemic to Madeira (Portugal), and found in the island's Laurel forest habitat.	Madeiran wood pigeon	subspecies
taxon rank	Micrixalus herrei is a newly redescribed species of frog in the Micrixalidae family.	Micrixalus herrei	species
taxon rank	Zosterops is a genus of birds containing the typical white-eyes.	Zosterops	genus
taxon rank	Perenniporia podocarpi is a species of resupinate (encrusting) polypore.	Perenniporia podocarpi	species
taxon rank	Neoheterophrictus uttarakannada is a species of Neoheterophrictus.	Neoheterophrictus uttarakannada	species
taxon rank	Vaccinium elliottii (Elliott's blueberry) is a species of Vaccinium in the blueberry group (Vaccinium sect. Cyanococcus).	Vaccinium elliottii	species
taxon rank	Lambeosaurus (/ˌlæmbioʊˈsɔːrəs/ LAM-bee-o-SAWR-əs; meaning ``Lambe's lizard'') is a genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur that lived about 76 to 75 million years ago, in the Late Cretaceous period (Campanian) of North America.	Lambeosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The family Archeocrypticidae is a small group of beetles with no vernacular common name, though recent authors have coined the name cryptic fungus beetles.	Archeocrypticidae	family
taxon rank	Betta tussyae is a species of gourami endemic to Malaysia where it is only known from Pahang.	Betta tussyae	species
taxon rank	Mortoniceras is an ammonoid genus belonging to the superfamily Acanthocerataceae, named by Meek in 1876, based on Ammonites vespertinu, named by Morton in 1834.	Mortoniceras	genus
taxon rank	Capitocrassus castaneus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Capitocrassus.	Capitocrassus castaneus	species
taxon rank	Hyacinthoides lingulata is a species of bulbous plant that lives in North Africa, from Morocco to Tunisia.	Hyacinthoides lingulata	species
taxon rank	Also known as the Siskiyou caddisfly, Neothremma siskiyou is a species of insect found in the state of California.	Neothremma siskiyou	species
taxon rank	Conocramboides seychellellus seychellellus from Seychelles Conocramboides seychellellus emmerezellus (de Joannis, 1915) from La Réunion and Mauritius Foodplants of the larvae of this species are Poaceae (Cynodon dactylon, Axonopus compressus, Digitaria didactyla, Zoysia matrella and Cynodon dactylon)	Conocramboides seychellellus	species
taxon rank	Platyallabes tihoni is the only species in the genus Platyallabes of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Clariidae.	Platyallabes tihoni	species
taxon rank	Mimoceroplesis coussementi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimoceroplesis.	Mimoceroplesis coussementi	species
taxon rank	Artemisia biennis is a species of sagebrush known by the common name 'biennial wormwood.	Artemisia biennis	species
taxon rank	Xylaria hypoxylon is a species of fungus in the genus Xylaria.	Xylaria hypoxylon	species
taxon rank	Willisornis is a genus of birds in the family Thamnophilidae.	Willisornis	genus
taxon rank	Pseudogygites is an extinct genus of the class Trilobita from the Middle and Upper Ordovician.	Pseudogygites	genus
taxon rank	Mycena flavescens is a species of Mycenaceae fungus.	Mycena flavescens	species
taxon rank	Nothocalais alpestris is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name alpine lake false dandelion.	Nothocalais alpestris	species
taxon rank	Yucca × schottii is a plant species in the genus Yucca, native to southern Arizona, southwestern New Mexico, and the northern parts of Sonora and Chihuahua..	Yucca × schottii	species
taxon rank	Caesalpinia mexicana is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae.	Caesalpinia mexicana	species
taxon rank	Nebria tatrica fatrensis is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the mountain range of Velká Fatra in Slovakia, and Czech Republic.	Nebria tatrica fatrensis	subspecies
taxon rank	Dioscoreophyllum gossweileri is a plant species native to Angola.	Dioscoreophyllum gossweileri	species
taxon rank	Penicillium brevistipitatum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the Jilin Province in China.	Penicillium brevistipitatum	species
taxon rank	Campephilus is a genus of large American woodpeckers in the family Picidae.	Campephilus	genus
taxon rank	Cornuchariesthes albomaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cornuchariesthes.	Cornuchariesthes albomaculata	species
taxon rank	Russellosaurus is an extinct genus of tethysaurine mosasauroid from the Late Cretaceous of North America.	Russellosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Pachydactylus tetensis, commonly known as the Tete thick-toed gecko or Zambezi thick-toed gecko, is a species of gecko endemic to East Africa.	Pachydactylus tetensis	species
taxon rank	Crepis phoenix, is a Chinese species of plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Crepis phoenix	species
taxon rank	Disocactus phyllanthoides, the nopalxochitl or German empress, is a species of flowering plant in the cactus family Cactaceae and is commonly grown as an ornamental houseplant.	Disocactus phyllanthoides	species
taxon rank	Ambulycini is a tribe of moths of the Sphingidae family.	Ambulycini	tribe
taxon rank	Actophilornis is a genus of jacana.	Actophilornis	genus
taxon rank	Juncus confusus is a species of rush known by the common name Colorado rush.	Juncus confusus	species
taxon rank	Miridus quadrivirgatus is a species of plant bug belonging to the family Miridae, subfamily Mirinae.	Miridus quadrivirgatus	species
taxon rank	Perissoza scripta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Perissoza of the family Ulidiidae.	Perissoza scripta	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Caridarctia albicancellata, which can be found in Argentina.	Caridarctia	species
taxon rank	Ichthyostega (Greek: ``fish roof'') is an early tetrapod genus that lived at the end of the Upper Devonian period.	Ichthyostega	genus
taxon rank	Suksdorfia ranunculifolia is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name buttercup suksdorfia.	Suksdorfia ranunculifolia	species
taxon rank	Hellinsia tariensis is a species of moth in the genus Hellinsia, known from Papua New Guinea.	Hellinsia tariensis	species
taxon rank	Festuca porcii is a species of grass which can be found in Central, Eastern, and southeastern parts of Europe.	Festuca porcii	species
taxon rank	Manilkara bidentata is a species of Manilkara native to a large area of northern South America, Central America and the Caribbean.	Manilkara bidentata	species
taxon rank	Nebria davatchii is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Iran.	Nebria davatchii	species
taxon rank	Leucoagaricus rubrotinctus is a widespread species of fungus in the family Agaricaceae.	Leucoagaricus rubrotinctus	species
taxon rank	Ovalipes is a genus of crabs in the family Polybiidae, containing 11 extant species:	Ovalipes	genus
taxon rank	Carbactinoceratidae is a family of extinct cephalopods with external shells that lived around 325 million years ago, during the Carboniferous period.	Carbactinoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Caprichromis is a small genus of haplochromine cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi in East Africa.	Caprichromis	genus
taxon rank	Cayratia debilis is a species of plant native to equatorial Africa.	Cayratia debilis	species
taxon rank	Plectorhinchus diagrammus, the striped sweetlips, is a species of grunt native to the western Pacific Ocean where it is a denizen of coral reefs.	Plectorhinchus diagrammus	species
taxon rank	Chromolaena frustrata called Cape Sable false thoroughwort, or Cape Sable thoroughwort, is a rare North American species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family.	Chromolaena frustrata	species
taxon rank	Brickellia amplexicaulis (earleaf brickellbush) is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Brickellia amplexicaulis	species
taxon rank	Penicillium canis is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from a dog which suffered from osteomyelitis.	Penicillium canis	species
taxon rank	Palafoxia riograndensis, the Rio Grande palafox or Rio Grande Spanish needles, is a plant species native to Texas, Chihuahua and Coahuila.	Palafoxia riograndensis	species
taxon rank	Colchicum parlatoris is a small species native to Greece.	Colchicum parlatoris	species
taxon rank	The Pangani longclaw (Macronyx aurantiigula) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family, which includes the pipits and wagtails.	Pangani longclaw	species
taxon rank	Polypogon maritimus is a species of grass known by the common names Mediterranean beard grass and Mediterranean rabbitsfoot grass.	Polypogon maritimus	species
taxon rank	Pyrgomantis nasuta is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Cape Province, Cameroon, Kenya, Natal, Namibia, Somalia, and Tanzania.	Pyrgomantis nasuta	species
taxon rank	Odettea laosensis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Odettea.	Odettea	species
taxon rank	Lasthenia chrysantha is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name alkalisink goldfields.	Lasthenia chrysantha	species
taxon rank	Carex pauciflora, known as few-flowered sedge, is a perennial species of sedge in the family Cyperaceae native to Holarctic wetlands.	Carex pauciflora	species
taxon rank	Clausena lansium, also known as wampee (Clausena wampi), is a species of strongly scented evergreen trees 3--8 m tall, in the family Rutaceae, native to southeast Asia.	Clausena lansium	species
taxon rank	Hepatozoon is a genus of Apicomplexan protozoa which incorporates over 300 species obligate intraerythrocytic parasites.	Hepatozoon	genus
taxon rank	Cochlefelis is a genus of sea catfishes found in coastal and freshwaters from Southeast Asia to Australia.	Cochlefelis	genus
taxon rank	Trypanosoma lewisi is a parasite of Rattus species and other rodents such as mice and kangaroo rats in America.	Trypanosoma lewisi	species
taxon rank	Aulacocerida is an order of primitive coleoid cephalopods, possibly derived from michelinoceraitids (Orthocerida) early in the Devonian, which in turn gave rise to the Belemnites.	Aulacocerida	order
taxon rank	Megaspora is a genus of lichens in the family Megasporaceae.	Megaspora	genus
taxon rank	The Mendoza tuco-tuco (Ctenomys mendocinus) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Mendoza tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Erigeron bonariensis is a species of Erigeron, found throughout the tropics and subtropics as a pioneer plant; its precise native origin is unknown, but most likely Central America or South America.	Erigeron bonariensis	species
taxon rank	Formica rufa, also known as the red wood ant, southern wood ant or horse ant, is a boreal member of the Formica rufa group of ants, and is the type species for that group.	Formica rufa	species
taxon rank	It is the only species of the genus Cirroteuthis.	Cirroteuthis	genus
taxon rank	Ipomopsis tenuituba is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name slendertube skyrocket, or slendertube ipomopsis.	Ipomopsis tenuituba	species
taxon rank	Calyx shackletoni is a species of demosponge first found on the coast of South Georgia island, in the south west Southern Ocean.	Calyx shackletoni	species
taxon rank	Calochortus ciscoensis is a North American species of flowering plants in the lily family first described for modern science in 2008.	Calochortus ciscoensis	species
taxon rank	Phalloptychus is a genus of poeciliids native to eastern and southern Brazil, northern Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay.	Phalloptychus	genus
taxon rank	Cleistochloa is a genus of grasses native to Australia and New Guinea.	Cleistochloa	genus
taxon rank	Chondrina tatrica is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Chondrinidae.	Chondrina tatrica	species
taxon rank	Chytriomyces elegans is a species of fungus in the genus Chytriomyces.	Chytriomyces elegans	species
taxon rank	Anisopodus andicola is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Kirsch in 1889.	Anisopodus andicola	species
taxon rank	Johora thaiana is a species of freshwater crab described from specimens found in Thailand, as the name was derived.	Johora thaiana	species
taxon rank	Attelabus auratus is a species of leaf and bud weevils belonging to the family Attelabidae.	Attelabus auratus	species
taxon rank	Lepeophtheirus is a genus of sea lice.	Lepeophtheirus	genus
taxon rank	Cargninia is an extinct genus of basal lepidosaur from the Late Triassic period.	Cargninia	genus
taxon rank	Stenocoptoides ciliatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Stenocoptoides.	Stenocoptoides ciliatus	species
taxon rank	Gilia sinuata is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name rosy gilia.	Gilia sinuata	species
taxon rank	Periclimenes pholeter, is a species of shrimp belonging to the family Palaemonidae.	Periclimenes pholeter	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Pseudopleospora ruthenica.	Pseudopleospora	species
taxon rank	Galium aschenbornii is a species of flowering plant in the genus Galium, native to Mexico, Central America, Colombia and Ecuador.	Galium aschenbornii	species
taxon rank	Aphelia alleniana, the wide-striped leafroller, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Aphelia alleniana	species
taxon rank	Kazachstania exigua is a yeast species that commonly occurs in olive brine and in some kefir cultures.	Kazachstania exigua	species
taxon rank	Lawrencia is a plant genus in the family Malvaceae.	Lawrencia	genus
taxon rank	Baptornis (``diving bird'') is a genus of flightless aquatic birds from the Late Cretaceous, some 87-80 million years ago (roughly mid-Coniacian to mid-Campanian faunal stages).	Baptornis	genus
taxon rank	Anchitherium was a browsing (leaf eating) horse that originated in the early Miocene of North America and subsequently dispersed to Europe and Asia, where it gave rise to the larger bodied genus Sinohippus.	Anchitherium	genus
taxon rank	Lagophylla minor is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family known by the common name lesser hareleaf.	Lagophylla minor	species
taxon rank	Alectryon subcinereus, commonly named Native Quince, Wild Quince or Bird's Eye, is a species of shrubs or small trees, constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae.	Alectryon subcinereus	species
taxon rank	Ficus fergusonii, is a species of plant in the fig genus, endemic to Sri Lanka.	Ficus fergusonii	species
taxon rank	Melathemma polita is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Melathemma.	Melathemma	species
taxon rank	The only known species of this genus is Urojana eborea, which is known from Ivory Coast.	Urojana	species
taxon rank	Amphisbaena ridleyi, known by the common names Ridley's worm lizard or the Noronha worm lizard, is a species of amphisbaenian in the genus Amphisbaena.	Amphisbaena ridleyi	species
taxon rank	The annelids (Annelida, from Latin anellus, ``little ring''), also known as the ringed worms or segmented worms, are a large phylum, with over 17,000 extant species including ragworms, earthworms, and leeches.	Annelid	phylum
taxon rank	Bacillus firmus is a species of bacteria within the genus Bacillus.	Bacillus firmus	species
taxon rank	Polistes snelleni, the Japanese paper wasp, is a common social wasp species in central and northern Japan.	Polistes snelleni	species
taxon rank	Obtortionidae is a family of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Cerithioidea, that is within the clade Cerithimorpha or in clade Sorbeoconcha.	Obtortionidae	family
taxon rank	Toxicodendron rydbergii the western poison ivy, is a species of Toxicodendron in the cashew family.	Toxicodendron rydbergii	species
taxon rank	Chromolaena ivifolia called ivy-leaf false thoroughwort, or ivyleaf thoroughwort, is an American species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family.	Chromolaena ivifolia	species
taxon rank	Psiloceratidae is an extinct family of cephalopods belonging to the ammonite subclass.	Psiloceratidae	family
taxon rank	The Mekong wagtail (Motacilla samveasnae) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family.	Mekong wagtail	species
taxon rank	Enkianthus perulatus (dodan-tsutsuji) is a species of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae, native to Japan.	Enkianthus perulatus	species
taxon rank	Culex is a genus of mosquitoes, several species of which serve as vectors of one or more important diseases of birds, humans and other animals.	Culex	genus
taxon rank	Callionymus cooperi, Cooper's dragonet, is a species of dragonet found only around the Maldives where it occurs at depths of from 73 to 81 metres (240 to 266 ft).	Callionymus cooperi	species
taxon rank	Megacephala whelani is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sumlin in 1992, and is native to Australia.	Megacephala whelani	species
taxon rank	The Javan mossy tree frog (Litoria javana) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Javan mossy tree frog	species
taxon rank	Cheiracanthium gratum is a spider species found in Germany and Hungary.	Cheiracanthium gratum	species
taxon rank	The Bradyrhizobiaceae are a family of bacteria, with ten genera.	Bradyrhizobiaceae	family
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos auriculata (Mount Diablo Manzanita) is an endangered species of Arctostaphylos endemic to California, and limited in geography to the area surrounding Mount Diablo, in Contra Costa County.	Arctostaphylos auriculata	species
taxon rank	The superfamily Limacinoidea is a taxonomic group of small floating sea snails, pelagic marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks.	Limacinoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Dalbergia nigra, commonly known as the Bahia rosewood, jacarandá da Bahia, Brazilian rosewood, Rio rosewood, jacarandá de Brasil, pianowood, caviuna, or obuina, is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Dalbergia nigra	species
taxon rank	Radfordia palustris is a species of mite in the subgenus Hesperomyobia of the genus Radfordia.	Radfordia palustris	species
taxon rank	The type species is Siamodon nimngami.	Siamodon	species
taxon rank	Cheirothyris is a genus of fossil brachiopod from the Upper Jurassic period.	Cheirothyris	genus
taxon rank	Coralliozetus boehlkei, the Barcheek blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found from the Gulf of California to Costa Rica, in the eastern central Pacific ocean.	Coralliozetus boehlkei	species
taxon rank	Protomelas similis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers shallow waters with plentiful vegetation.	Protomelas similis	species
taxon rank	Tetrastes is a genus of birds in the grouse subfamily.	Tetrastes	genus
taxon rank	Peronospora conglomerata is a biotrophic plant pathogen (part of the downy mildew taxon) which affects geranium species.	Peronospora conglomerata	species
taxon rank	Planctoteuthis is a genus of chiroteuthid squid comprising five species, occurring worldwide in lower mesopelagic to bathypelagic depths in tropical to temperate waters.	Planctoteuthis	genus
taxon rank	Lessingia arachnoidea is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Crystal Springs lessingia.	Lessingia arachnoidea	species
taxon rank	The Telmatobiinae, water frogs, are a subfamily of frogs endemic to South America.	Telmatobiinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Pachycephala is a genus of birds native to Oceania and Southeast Asia.	Pachycephala	genus
taxon rank	The Dalceridae are a small family of moths with 84 known species mostly found in the Neotropical region with a few reaching the far south of the Nearctic region.	Dalceridae	family
taxon rank	It contains the single species Dotha ctenuchoides, which is found in Sumatra.	Dotha	species
taxon rank	The Sichuan leaf warbler (Phylloscopus forresti) is a species of leaf warbler found only in China.	Sichuan leaf warbler	species
taxon rank	Glyptostrobus pensilis, also known as Chinese swamp cypress, is the sole living species in the genus Glyptostrobus.	Glyptostrobus pensilis	species
taxon rank	Haworthia venosa is a species of flowering plant in the genus Haworthia belonging to the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, native to Namibia and South Africa.	Haworthia venosa	species
taxon rank	Zholsuchus is a genus of crocodyliform that may have been a goniopholidid mesoeucrocodylian, but is only known from scanty material (a right premaxilla, one of the bones of the tip of the snout).	Zholsuchus	genus
taxon rank	Hippichthys is a genus of pipefishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans and the landmasses around them.	Hippichthys	genus
taxon rank	Olallamys is a genus of Andean soft-furred spiny rat that range from Panama through Colombia and Venezuela to northern Ecuador.	Olallamys	genus
taxon rank	Nasutitermes triodiae is a grass-eating species of snouted harvester termite that occurs in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Nasutitermes triodiae	species
taxon rank	Markiana is a genus of characins from tropical South America, with two recognized species:	Markiana	genus
taxon rank	Pachymerium tabacarui is a species of centipede in Geophilidae family that is endemic to Romania.	Pachymerium tabacarui	species
taxon rank	Archosauromorpha (Greek for ``ruling lizard forms'') is an infraclass of diapsid reptiles that first appeared during the late Permian and became more common during the Triassic.	Archosauromorpha	infraclass
taxon rank	Chrysomyza anaglypha is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Chrysomyza of the family Ulidiidae.	Chrysomyza anaglypha	species
taxon rank	Sanicula crassicaulis is a species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common names Pacific blacksnakeroot and Pacific sanicle.	Sanicula crassicaulis	species
taxon rank	Takydromus tachydromoides (Japanese grass lizard) is a wall lizard species of the genus Takydromus.	Takydromus tachydromoides	species
taxon rank	Acanthacaris is a genus of deep-water lobsters.	Acanthacaris	genus
taxon rank	Allopetrolisthes spinifrons is a species of porcelain crab.	Allopetrolisthes spinifrons	species
taxon rank	Tetracarpaea has one species, Tetracarpaea tasmannica, an evergreen, bushy shrub from subalpine areas of Tasmania.	Tetracarpaea	species
taxon rank	The japygids (family Japygidae) are a taxon of hexapods, of the order Diplura.	Japygidae	family
taxon rank	Fimbristylis is a genus of sedges.	Fimbristylis	genus
taxon rank	Paris quadrifolia, the herb-paris or true lover's knot, is a Eurasian species of the genus Paris in the family Melanthiaceae, although authorities formerly regarded it as part of the Liliaceae family.	Paris quadrifolia	species
taxon rank	Ambrosia monogyra (singlewhorl burrobrush)is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Ambrosia monogyra	species
taxon rank	Recilia obongsanensis is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to Korea.	Recilia obongsanensis	species
taxon rank	Stagmatoptera reimoseri is a species of praying mantis in the genus Stagmatoptera.	Stagmatoptera reimoseri	species
taxon rank	The family Cranchiidae comprises the approximately 60 species of glass squid, also known as cockatoo squid, cranchiid, cranch squid, or bathyscaphoid squid.	Cranchiidae	family
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Eratophyes amasiella, which is found in Asia Minor, the Netherlands, Germany, Denmark and Sweden.	Eratophyes	species
taxon rank	Stanleya viridiflora is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names green princesplume and green-flowered prince's plume.	Stanleya viridiflora	species
taxon rank	Trichogypsia is a genus of calcareous sponges belonging to the family Grantiidae.	Trichogypsia	genus
taxon rank	Rubus wisconsinensisis an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus wisconsinensis	species
taxon rank	Tritonia irrorata is a species of dendronotid nudibranch.	Tritonia irrorata	species
taxon rank	Tecticornia is a genus of succulent, salt tolerant plant largely endemic to Australia.	Tecticornia	genus
taxon rank	Bambusa longispiculata or Mahal bamboo is a species of clumping bamboo native to Bangladesh and Myanmar, but widely grown in many other countries including Australia.	Bambusa longispiculata	species
taxon rank	Trichepectasis rufescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Trichepectasis.	Trichepectasis rufescens	species
taxon rank	Haemanthus is a Southern African genus of flowering plants in the family Amaryllidaceae, subfamily Amaryllidoideae.	Haemanthus	genus
taxon rank	The Big Mouth Cave salamander (Gyrinophilus palleucus necturoides), a lungless salamander, is a subspecies of the Tennessee cave salamander (Gyrinophilus palleucus).	Gyrinophilus palleucus necturoides	subspecies
taxon rank	Vilchesia valenciai is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Vilchesia.	Vilchesia	species
taxon rank	Podistera is a genus of flowering plants in the carrot family.	Podistera	genus
taxon rank	Anatoma philippinica is a species of a minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Anatomidae.	Anatoma philippinica	species
taxon rank	The Arabian leopard (Panthera pardus nimr) is a leopard subspecies native to the Arabian Peninsula and classified as Critically Endangered by IUCN since 1996.	Arabian leopard	subspecies
taxon rank	Ribes marshallii is a North American species of currant known by the common names Hupa gooseberry and Marshall's gooseberry.	Ribes marshallii	species
taxon rank	Pleuroflammula is a genus of fungi in the Crepidotaceae family.	Pleuroflammula	genus
taxon rank	Rhyothemis graphiptera, known as the graphic flutterer or banded flutterer, is a species of dragonfly of the family Libellulidae.	Rhyothemis graphiptera	species
taxon rank	Opisthencentrus dentipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Opisthencentrus.	Opisthencentrus	species
taxon rank	Macroperipatus insularis is a species of invertebrate in the Peripatidae family.	Macroperipatus insularis	species
taxon rank	Centruroides exilicauda, the Baja California bark scorpion, is a species of bark scorpion found in Baja California.	Centruroides exilicauda	species
taxon rank	Nabalus crepidineus (formerly Prenanthes crepidinea), commonly called the nodding rattlesnakeroot, is a species of plant in the Asteraceae family occurring in the northern central United States.	Nabalus crepidineus	species
taxon rank	Polypodiodes formosana (台湾水龙骨) is a species of ferns in the Polypodiaceae family endemic to Fujian and Taiwan.	Polypodiodes formosana	species
taxon rank	Glyptothorax kurdistanicus is a species of sisorid catfish.	Glyptothorax kurdistanicus	species
taxon rank	Condica aroana is a species of Noctuidae that occurs in Australia and Borneo.	Condica aroana	species
taxon rank	Capitanopsis is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae, first described in 1916.	Capitanopsis	genus
taxon rank	Amphipholis squamata, common names brooding snake star and dwarf brittle star, is a species of brittle star in the family Amphiuridae.	Amphipholis squamata	species
taxon rank	Thoburnia hamiltoni (rustyside sucker) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Catostomidae family.	Thoburnia hamiltoni	species
taxon rank	Kallirhynchia is an extinct genus of brachiopod found in Jurassic strata in Europe, North Africa, the Middle East, India and Uzbekistan.	Kallirhynchia	genus
taxon rank	Palmatorappia solomonis, or Solomon Island palm frog, is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family.	Palmatorappia solomonis	species
taxon rank	Hypericum asplundii is a species of flowering plant in the family Hypericaceae.	Hypericum asplundii	species
taxon rank	Pseudochalcothea virens is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family, Cetoniinae subfamily.	Pseudochalcothea virens	species
taxon rank	Thomashuxleya is an extinct genus of notoungulate mammal, named after famous 19th-century biologist Thomas Huxley.	Thomashuxleya	genus
taxon rank	Cenchrus echinatus is a species of grass known by the common names southern sandbur, spiny sandbur, southern sandspur, and in Australia, Mossman River grass.	Cenchrus echinatus	species
taxon rank	Acacia flexifolia, commonly known as bent-leaf wattle, is a shrub species that is endemic to eastern Australia.	Acacia flexifolia	species
taxon rank	Cibotium schiedei, common name Mexican tree fern, is a species of tree fern, of the genus Cibotium.	Cibotium schiedei	species
taxon rank	Ephedra przewalskii is a species of Ephedra that is native to Central Asia, Mongolia, Pakistan, and parts of China (Gansu, Inner Mongolia, Ningxia, Qinghai, and Tibet).	Ephedra przewalskii	species
taxon rank	Gamochaeta pensylvanica, called Pennsylvania cudweed or Pennsylvania everlasting, is a widespread species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Gamochaeta pensylvanica	species
taxon rank	Acragas carinatus is a species of jumping spider in the genus Acragas (genus).	Acragas carinatus	species
taxon rank	Hypselognathus is a genus of pipefishes endemic to Australia where they are only known from the southern coast.	Hypselognathus	genus
taxon rank	Fusinus ocelliferus, common name the long-siphoned whelk, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.	Fusinus ocelliferus	species
taxon rank	Platypleura sylvia is a species of cicada endemic to South Africa.	Platypleura sylvia	species
taxon rank	The Bicolored Trailing Ant, (Monomorium floricola), is a species of ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Monomorium floricola	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus pedatifidus is a species of buttercup known by the common names surefoot buttercup, northern buttercup, and birdfoot buttercup.	Ranunculus pedatifidus	species
taxon rank	Eryngium cuneifolium is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names wedgeleaf eryngo, wedge-leaved button-snakeroot, and simply snakeroot.	Eryngium cuneifolium	species
taxon rank	Rubus alpinus is a New World species of brambles in the rose family.	Rubus alpinus	species
taxon rank	Philothamnus semivariegatus, commonly known as the spotted bush snake, is a species of non-venomous colubrid snake, endemic to Africa.	Philothamnus semivariegatus	species
taxon rank	Osteolepis ('bone scale') is an extinct genus of lobe-finned fish from the Devonian period.	Osteolepis	genus
taxon rank	Maasella edwardsi is a species of soft coral in the family Paralcyoniidae.	Maasella edwardsi	species
taxon rank	The Rhyacophilidae are a family in the insect order of Trichoptera.	Rhyacophilidae	family
taxon rank	The Colima pygmy owl (Glaucidium palmarum) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Colima pygmy owl	species
taxon rank	The Anaxyelidae are a wood wasp family within the Symphyta, containing only a single living species, Syntexis libocedrii, (also called the cedar wood wasp or incense-cedar wood wasp), though the family has an extensive Mesozoic fossil record; this species is thus a ``living fossil''.	Syntexis libocedrii	species
taxon rank	Neolaeops microphthalmus, the crosseyed flounder, is a deep water species of lefteye flounder found in the Indian and Western Pacific Oceans.	Neolaeops microphthalmus	species
taxon rank	Neusticomys is a genus of semiaquatic South American rodents in the family Cricetidae.	Neusticomys	genus
taxon rank	Carabus galicianus is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Spain and Portugal.	Carabus galicianus	species
taxon rank	The family Neanuridae contains pudgy short-legged springtails of the order Poduromorpha.	Neanuridae	family
taxon rank	Lachesilla bernardi is a species of Psocoptera from Lachesillidae family that can be found in Austria, Croatia, Cyprus, France, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Spain, and Switzerland.	Lachesilla bernardi	species
taxon rank	The WWF held a competition to name the butterfly, and the species was named after the winner Isobel Talks (being named Pronophila isobelae).	Pronophila isobelae	species
taxon rank	Ansonia spinulifer, also known as spiny slender toad or Kina Balu stream toad, is a species of true toad in the family Bufonidae.	Ansonia spinulifer	species
taxon rank	Ichthyapus keramanus is a species of snake eel native to the western Pacific Ocean where it is only known to occur around the Kerama Islands near Okinawa, Japan.	Ichthyapus keramanus	species
taxon rank	Echiniscus testudo (also known as Turtle Water Bear) is a species of tardigrade native to China, Greenland, and Mongolia as well as Europe, the Middle East and North Africa.	Echiniscus testudo	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia parishii is a species of euphorb known by the common name Parish's sandmat.	Euphorbia parishii	species
taxon rank	There are two extinct species in the genus, Kuphus incrassatus and Kuphus fistula.	Kuphus	species
taxon rank	Cerastium brachypetalum, commonly called gray chickweed, grey mouse-ear or gray mouse-ear chickweed, is a spring blooming annual plant species.	Cerastium brachypetalum	species
taxon rank	Lacuna parva, common name the tiny lacuna, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles.	Lacuna parva	species
taxon rank	Actinella fausta is a species of land snail in the family Hygromiidae.	Actinella fausta	species
taxon rank	Dentarene sarcina, common name the spiny wheel shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae.	Dentarene sarcina	species
taxon rank	Astragalus mulfordiae is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Mulford's milkvetch.	Astragalus mulfordiae	species
taxon rank	Morchellium argus, the red-flake ascidian, is a species of colonial sea squirt, a tunicate in the family Polyclinidae.	Morchellium argus	species
taxon rank	The Mexican woodnymph (Thalurania ridgwayi) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family and is endemic to western Mexico.	Mexican woodnymph	species
taxon rank	Euonymus japonicus (evergreen spindle or Japanese spindle) is a species of flowering plant in the family Celastraceae, native to Japan, Korea and China.	Euonymus japonicus	species
taxon rank	Disteira major, commonly known as the olive-headed sea snake or the greater sea snake, is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae.	Disteira major	species
taxon rank	Murexsul mariae is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a predatory marine gastropod mollusc in the Family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Murexsul mariae	species
taxon rank	Acropora lovelli is a species of acroporid coral found in the northern Indian Ocean, the central Indo-Pacific, Australia and the oceanic west Pacific Ocean.	Acropora lovelli	species
taxon rank	The Tonkean black macaque or Tonkean macaque (Macaca tonkeana) is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae.	Tonkean macaque	species
taxon rank	Daviesia leptophylla, commonly known as Narrow-leaf Bitter-pea, is a broom-like shrub species in the family Fabaceae.	Daviesia leptophylla	species
taxon rank	Puntius snyderi (common name: Snyder's barb ) is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Taiwan.	Puntius snyderi	species
taxon rank	Octomeria concolor is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil (Rio de Janeiro, Paraná).	Octomeria concolor	species
taxon rank	Oligoryzomys magellanicus, also known as the Patagonian colilargo and the Magellanic pygmy rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of the family Cricetidae.	Oligoryzomys magellanicus	species
taxon rank	Coronilla minima is a species of flowering plant from the Fabaceae family that can be found in Eastern and Central Spain.	Coronilla minima	species
taxon rank	Septalites is a genus of cornulitid tubeworms.	Septalites	genus
taxon rank	Petitella georgiae, the false rummynose tetra, is a species of characin found in Amazon Basin in Brazil and Peru.	Petitella georgiae	species
taxon rank	Catocala amica, the girlfriend underwing, is an Erebidae species.	Catocala amica	species
taxon rank	Ulva clathrata is a species of seaweed in Ulvaceae family that can be found in such European countries as Azores, Belgium, Ireland, Netherlands, and the United Kingdom.	Ulva clathrata	species
taxon rank	Drosera intricata is a scrambling or climbing perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia.	Drosera intricata	species
taxon rank	Abutilon palmeri, with the common names Palmer's Abutilon, Superstition Mallow, and Palmer's Indian Mallow,) is a species of Abutilon native the Southwestern United States and Northwestern Mexico.	Abutilon palmeri	species
taxon rank	Phyllostachys bambusoides, commonly called madake, giant timber bamboo or Japanese timber bamboo, is a bamboo species in the genus Phyllostachys.	Phyllostachys bambusoides	species
taxon rank	Barreirosuchus is an extinct genus of trematochampsid notosuchian known from the Late Cretaceous of São Paulo State, southeastern Brazil.	Barreirosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Nepenthes ventricosa (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz vɛntrɪˈkoʊzə/; from New Latin: ventricosus = having a swelling on one side) is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to the Philippines, where it is a highland species, growing at an elevation of 1,000--2,000 metres (3,300--6,600 ft) above sea level.	Nepenthes ventricosa	species
taxon rank	Aspidistra campanulata is a species of flowering plant.	Aspidistra campanulata	species
taxon rank	Mordellistena cypria is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae and in the Mordellistena genus.	Mordellistena cypria	species	species
taxon rank	Helice tridens is a species of crab which lives on mudflats around the coasts of Japan and the Korean Peninsula.	Helice tridens	species
taxon rank	Gyrodactylus is a genus of ectoparasites.	Gyrodactylus	genus
taxon rank	Renea bourguignatiana is a species of land snail with an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Aciculidae.	Renea bourguignatiana	species
taxon rank	Sidalcea glaucescens is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name waxy checkerbloom.	Sidalcea glaucescens	species
taxon rank	Ophiocara is a genus of sleeper gobies native to tropical waters of the western Pacific Ocean and in fresh waters along the coast of Madagascar.	Ophiocara	genus
taxon rank	Entomocorus radiosus is a species of driftwood catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Rio Paraguay in the pantanal region of Mato Grosso.	Entomocorus radiosus	species
taxon rank	Phacelia cronquistiana, Cronquist's phacelia, is a plant species native to Utah and Arizona, known only from Kane and Mohave Counties.	Phacelia cronquistiana	species
taxon rank	Argyrotaenia mariana, the gray-banded leafroller moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Argyrotaenia mariana	species
taxon rank	Rhaphiodon echinus is a species of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family, endemic to eastern Brazil.	Rhaphiodon echinus	species
taxon rank	Inape biremis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family which is endemic to Colombia where it can be found on Nevado del Tolima.	Inape biremis	species
taxon rank	Megalaemyia costalis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Megalaemyia of the family Tephritidae.	Megalaemyia costalis	species
taxon rank	Stevia plummerae, Plummer's candyleaf, is a plant species known from Arizona, New Mexico, Chihuahua, Sonora and Durango It is an herb up to 80 cm tall, with white, pink or red flowers.	Stevia plummerae	species
taxon rank	Hibbertia obtusifolia, commonly known as Hoary Guinea-flower, is a small shrub species that is native to south-eastern Australia.	Hibbertia obtusifolia	species
taxon rank	Pelorocephalus (meaning ``monstrous head'' in Greek) is an extinct genus of chigutisaurid temnospondyls from Late Triassic of Argentina.	Pelorocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Setohyllisia setosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Setohyllisia.	Setohyllisia setosa	species
taxon rank	Variraptor (/ˈværɨræptər/ VARR-i-rap-tor; ``Var thief'') is a genus of coelurosaurian theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of France.	Variraptor	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium cartierense is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which is named after Cartierheide in the Netherlands where this species was first found.	Penicillium cartierense	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species Palaeopsyche melanias, which is found in the wet tropics of Queensland.	Palaeopsyche	species
taxon rank	Achnopogon is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1957.	Achnopogon	genus
taxon rank	The Sunda forktail (Enicurus velatus) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Sunda forktail	species
taxon rank	Carcharodon hubbelli is an extinct species of shark known from fossils found in the Pisco Formation in south-west Peru.	Carcharodon hubbelli	species
taxon rank	Vibrio campbellii is a Gram-negative, curved rod-shaped, marine bacterium closely related to its sister species, Vibrio harveyi.	Vibrio campbellii	species
taxon rank	Gonatodus is an extinct genus of palaeonisciform fish that lived during the Tournaisian stage of the Mississippian epoch.	Gonatodus	genus
taxon rank	Eriogonum maculatum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name spotted buckwheat.	Eriogonum maculatum	species
taxon rank	Polyalthia hirtifolia is a species of plant in the family Annonaceae.	Polyalthia hirtifolia	species
taxon rank	Jamesianthus is a genus of North American flowering plants in the daisy family.	Jamesianthus	genus
taxon rank	Rubus prestonensis a rare North American species of brambles in the rose family.	Rubus prestonensis	species
taxon rank	Alopecosa solitaria is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Europe and Russia.	Alopecosa solitaria	species
taxon rank	The genus Planigale are small carnivorous marsupials found in Australia and New Guinea.	Planigale	genus
taxon rank	Urena is a genus of plants which grow in various tropical and subtropical areas throughout the world.	Urena	genus
taxon rank	Sepia papillata is a species of cuttlefish native to the southeastern Atlantic Ocean and southwestern Indian Ocean.	Sepia papillata	species
taxon rank	Acanthonautilus is an extinct genus in the nautilid family Solenochildae (Aipocerataceae) from the Upper Mississippian of North America and equivalent (uL Carb) strata in Europe, first described by Foord in 1896.	Acanthonautilus	genus
taxon rank	Pomacea cumingi is a species of a freshwater snail, gastropod in the family Ampullariidae.	Pomacea cumingi	species
taxon rank	Senilia senilis is a species of edible saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Arcidae, the ark shells.	Senilia senilis	species
taxon rank	Lomatium foeniculaceum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name desert biscuitroot.	Lomatium foeniculaceum	species
taxon rank	Neolamprologus boulengeri is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is known from the Tanzanian coast in the northern part of the lake.	Neolamprologus boulengeri	species
taxon rank	- Hyles tithymali cretica is regarded, according to authors, as a full species or as a hybrid from H. euphorbiae x H. tithymali.	Hyles tithymali	species
taxon rank	The tribe Alberproseniini Martínez & Carcavallo, 1977 belongs to the subfamily Triatominae and only has one genus, Alberprosenia Martínez & Carcavallo, 1977, with two species:	Alberprosenia	genus
taxon rank	At this time, he named a species Omosaurus phillipsii based on a femur (YM 498), but also provisionally equated this species to Priodontognathus phillipsii, despite the two species being based on non-comparable material.	Priodontognathus	species
taxon rank	Pireneitega spasskyi is an araneomorph spider species found in Georgia and Azerbaijan.	Pireneitega spasskyi	species
taxon rank	Bambusa lako, known as Timor black bamboo, is a large species of bamboo originating from the island of Timor; its black culms may reach 21 m (69 ft) in height.	Bambusa lako	species
taxon rank	Gilia angelensis is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name chaparral gilia.	Gilia angelensis	species
taxon rank	Monachozela neoleuca is a moth of the Heliozelidae family, and the only species in the genus Monachozela.	Monachozela neoleuca	species
taxon rank	Allodontichthys is a genus of splitfins endemic to Mexico where it is found in the central western states of Colima and Jalisco.	Allodontichthys	genus
taxon rank	Soromonichthys stearleyi is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it occurs in Soromoni Creek in Amazonas State.	Soromonichthys stearleyi	species
taxon rank	Mixosaurus is an extinct genus of Middle Triassic ichthyosaur.	Mixosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Hesperocallis is a genus of flowering plants that includes a single species, Hesperocallis undulata, known as the desert lily or ajo lily.	Hesperocallis	genus
taxon rank	Podagrica malvae is a species of skeletonising leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae, subfamily Galerucinae.	Podagrica malvae	species
taxon rank	Paranthropus (from Greek παρα, para ``beside''; άνθρωπος, ánthropos ``human'') is a genus of extinct hominins.	Paranthropus	genus
taxon rank	Melica argyrea is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in Argentina, Brazil (Rio Grande do Sul), and Uruguay.	Melica argyrea	species
taxon rank	Pertusaria diluta is a species of fungi within the Pertusariaceae family, first found in inland rainforests of British Columbia.	Pertusaria diluta	species
taxon rank	Cypripedium calceolus is a lady's-slipper orchid, and the type species of the genus Cypripedium.	Cypripedium calceolus	species
taxon rank	Acromantis oligoneura is a species of praying mantis described by Wilhelm de Haan in 1842.	Acromantis oligoneura	species
taxon rank	Polygonum engelmannii, common name Engelmann's knotweed, is a North American species of plants in the buckwheat family.	Polygonum engelmannii	species
taxon rank	Ptilocnemus lemur is a species of feather-legged bug in the family Reduviidae native to Australia.	Ptilocnemus lemur	species
taxon rank	Lygodesmia, called skeletonplant, is a genus of North American flowering plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Lygodesmia	genus
taxon rank	Fusinus novaehollandiae is a species of large predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails and tulip snails.	Fusinus novaehollandiae	species
taxon rank	Poria weirii is a fungus species in the genus Poria.	Poria weirii	species
taxon rank	Jumellea exilis is a species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family, endemic to the island of Réunion.	Jumellea exilis	species
taxon rank	Eucrossus villicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Eucrossus.	Eucrossus	genus
taxon rank	Quilmesaurus is a genus of carnivorous theropod dinosaur from the Patagonian Upper Cretaceous (Campanian stage) of Argentina.	Quilmesaurus	genus
taxon rank	Hylaeochampsidae is an extinct family of basal eusuchian crocodylomorphs thought to be closely related to the order Crocodylia.	Hylaeochampsidae	family
taxon rank	Choristodera is an order of semi-aquatic diapsid reptiles that ranged from the Middle Jurassic, or possibly Late Triassic, to at least the early Miocene.	Choristodera	order
taxon rank	Chrysomphalina chrysophylla is a species of mushroom with a north temperate distribution.	Chrysomphalina chrysophylla	species
taxon rank	The Sri Lanka Short-horned shrub frog, (Pseudophilautus singu) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family, endemic to Sri Lanka.	Pseudophilautus singu	species
taxon rank	Agave geminiflora is a species of Agave endemic to the Mexican State of Nayarit.	Agave geminiflora	species
taxon rank	Viola cuneata is a species of violet known by the common name wedgeleaf violet.	Viola cuneata	species
taxon rank	Cichorium is a genus of plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Cichorium	genus
taxon rank	Stefania riveroi (Spanish: Rana Stefania De Rivero) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.	Stefania riveroi	species
taxon rank	Neraudia melastomifolia, known as Maʻaloa in Hawaiian, is a species of flowering plant in the nettle family, Urticaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.	Neraudia melastomifolia	species
taxon rank	Phlox diffusa is a species of phlox known by the common name spreading phlox.	Phlox diffusa	species
taxon rank	Aedes sollicitans, the eastern saltmarsh mosquito (also known as Ochlerotatus sollicitans), is a species of mosquito native to the eastern seaboard of the United States and Canada as well as the entire Gulf coast and is also present in the Bahamas and Greater Antilles.	Aedes sollicitans	species
taxon rank	Microrhodopina flavescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Microrhodopina.	Microrhodopina flavescens	species
taxon rank	Proscopiidae is a family of Neotropical stick grasshoppers or jumping sticks.	Proscopiidae	family
taxon rank	Ilex arnhemensis is the only species of Ilex (Holly) native to Australia.	Ilex arnhemensis	species
voice type	Michel Dens (22 June 1911, Roubaix -- 19 December 2000, Paris) was a French baritone, particularly associated with the French repertory, both opera and operetta.	Michel Dens	baritone
voice type	Durward Lely (2 September 1852 -- 29 February 1944) was a Scottish opera singer and actor primarily known as the creator of five tenor roles in Gilbert and Sullivan's comic operas, including Nanki-Poo in The Mikado.	Durward Lely	tenor
